This will be the last chapter before the time jumps start up again. I'm tying up some loose ends as their relationship really begins, so next chapter will show our boys several months from now. I know many of you have been looking forward to/dreading a certain upcoming event. Well, buckle up because after this one it is fast approaching.
Tony sighed, “Thanks, J.” He looked at Steve and James. “Well, I’m off. No rest for the wicked.”
, but Tony stopped himself, “when he hit me so hard once he broke my jaw.”
“Shall we?” Tony motioned to the door. Anger flashed over the other man’s face, but he just gave a jerky nod and walked past him. Tony locked the door behind them.
It was like the love Tony had for the two of them. He loved them both, but in different ways for different reasons. He loved Steve for a lot of the same reasons he’d respected Cap. His honesty, bravery, sense of right and wrong and sassy mouth all attracted Tony’s attention and gained his admiration. His artistic talent, his humility, the soft blush of his skin and his kindness had captivated Tony. Also, his pies were fucking delicious. He was a beautiful contradiction, the future officer and constant gentleman. The heart of the fiercest fighter in a small, seemingly fragile package. He was anything but fragile.
As nice as the thoughts about his partners were, Bucky knew he had to push them away. He needed to be vigilant and couldn’t get lost in his own head. Intel had been coming in recently of entire units being decimated or disappearing, and everyone was on edge. Bucky had heard that one man had made it back, and the things he’d reported had been met with skepticism. Blue light that rained down and burned men to ashes was something none of them had heard before, but Bucky had to wonder.
“I wish I could be normal, for you.” Bucky said in a small voice, the pain clear in his eyes.
“Now you’re just talking crazy, baby.” Tony said affectionately. As he felt the genuine smile that spread over his face, he realized how much he had missed this these past few days. With Bucky gone their banter had almost dried up completely. They were just trying to adjust to the new way their dynamic had changed with the absence of Bucky. It was like Bucky’s letter had breathed life into them. “I am the definition of a disciplinarian in the bedroom.”
He pulled open the door on the next landing. The hallway was familiar; he’d walked along this floor too many times in the past six months for it not to be. He stopped in front of the imposing metal door. The glass that ran along the wall on either side of it had been turned opaque, making it impossible to see into the room behind it. Bucky could picture it clearly, though, having spent so much time there.
Steve came back with two glasses of water. Like Tony said, a saint. He and Bucky drained their glasses, and Steve took them and placed them on the dresser before returning to the bed. He looked happy and tired and satisfied, which made Tony thrilled to no end. The night had been amazing, more than he could have hoped for.
It was just so damn distracting. Tony had always appreciated beauty in all forms, and these two certainly fit that bill. Standing in this kitchen, flushed and still a little sweaty from their run, the image these two presented in Tony’s mind made him realize that it had been way too long since he’d had sex. Like, waaaayyy too long.
They smiled in relief before digging into their own meals.
“Do you need to go to medical?” Bruce’s voice was filled with concern.
“Damn man, you’re crazier than I thought.” Gabe said with a trace of admiration. “Any other secrets I should know?”
It was a pity that Tony wasn’t able to change too much because if he could, Howard would turn into a footnote in some history book. Oh well, as much fun as that would be...
Steve forced himself to stay quiet and let Bucky work through his thoughts because his friend was right. Steve couldn’t just keep taking responsibility away from Bucky and expect him to learn how to deal with what he’d done and been through. So he bit his tongue and listened, all the while preparing his answer to these profoundly deep and equally off-putting thoughts.
Bucky woke warm, naked and well rested. He was also deliciously sore and for a moment, he couldn’t quite remember why. Then last night came back to him.
Steve was momentarily stunned that, somehow, he’d found himself in command of this group. His surprise was mirrored by Bucky’s, who asked, “Captain? Steve, what the hell did you do?”
Steve looked at the other soldier closest to them. “And you said your name was James Morita?”
Phillips’s face hardened. “Then understand it somewhere else.” He told him as he began to walk away. “If I’ve read the posters correctly, you got somewhere to be in thirty minutes.”
That had been a few months ago, and the soldiers from some of the other groups had been reabsorbed back into what was left of their units. Bucky, Dugan and the rest were now back with a newly formed 107th as they made their way through Italy. It was getting colder at night. If this was the European autumn, he didn’t want to think of the freezing conditions they’d be facing once winter arrived.
“Did something happen to Tony?” Nat asked angrily.
Steve smirked. “Then we’ll do that together, too.”
Steve shook his head but was still grinning. “Sometimes I wonder what’s really going on in your head. Then I think it’s probably best I don’t know.”
Tony crossed the room and knelt between them before he wrapped them in both his arms. They clung to him. “There is no good reason why any of this happens.” He told them, throat tight as he tried to comfort them. “Usually the one’s in power have the least grace among us. The pain of innocent people doesn’t reach them because of their selfish natures, and too many times have good men died so that bad men can hold their power. The people in charge never suffer from war.”
“Woah, head rush.” He said as he continued to rub his temple.
However, there was this nagging voice in Steve’s head that kept whispering that Tony always seemed to know so much. He was always so in control of the world around him and maneuvered through it with the graceful ease of a bird in flight. But Tony had always worried about them, Steve reminded himself. That was the steady constant in Tony’s personality since they’d known him, that worry and the fact that Tony hated feeling helpless.
Tony pulled the little tub of Vaseline next to him and opened the lid for easy use as Bucky turned over. He felt another stab of longing at the sight in front of him. The younger man’s muscled back stretched forward. His thighs and toned ass tensed in anticipation as Tony moved closer.
Bucky huffed because no way could he keep up with all that. “Pleased to meet you, Monty.”
The others nodded at that. “Sounds like a plan, Sarge,” Dugan said. “I hear we’ll get some time in London before they decide what to do with us. I spoke to the Captain. He’d just finished his meeting with Phillips, and he said they’re gonna be sending all of us for some R & R over there for a while. London means pubs, and pubs mean beer. I’m gonna drink ‘til I can’t stand up.”
Tony genuinely felt bad for keeping his new friend in the dark. “I wish I could tell you, Doc. I really do, but I don’t know how that would affect things. If I just told you his name, would everything that needs to happen after that occur?”
Sometimes when he looked at Steve, Bucky would get this feeling like he was so close to something, to the reason behind everything, but the harder he tried to grab on to that thought, the further away it moved into his mind. It was like trying to grab smoke.
Morita just pulled out his dog-tags and said, “I’m from Fresno, ace.”
The room had been horrific in appearance, and the smell had been awful, especially to his enhanced senses. Steve had detected the stench of other men’s sweat, blood and urine, which made sense because Bucky was coated in sweat and grime and everything else, and Steve wanted to go back and burn the factory down all over again.
Yes, days passed, and Tony had managed not to crack.
Steve covered his face with his hands, but Tony could see his shoulders shaking with laughter. Steve finally recovered enough to lower his hands and look at Tony. “How do you always know how to make me feel better?”
He huffed a breath, aggravated with himself.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Don’t act like you don’t know I was talkin’ about you.”
“Yeah, so anyways, I was walking, not paying attention to the time or where I was, when I walked straight into Collins and his group of boy scouts. They said some things, then I said some things and before I knew it, I was teaching those misguided young men some manners.”
“I still don’t like this,” Steve said. “It sounds ridiculous.”
“Christ, Tony! Why are you building something like that?” Steve asked, looking at Tony like he’d lost it.
The men nodded as they moved away from the group that now stood at the edge of the clearing. “Lee, Gibson and Dugan, you’re with me. We need to search the bodies for supplies. If you find a map, take it. I want to know where their latest lines have moved to so we can try to avoid them. Strip them of anything useful but treat the bodies with respect.” It was the least they could do.
With those words something hopeful in Bucky surrendered, and he closed the distance between them. When his lips met Steve’s, it was gentle and chaste. He almost felt awkward at the attempt when they didn’t line up properly at first because he remembered being better at this. It was still really nice and so very comforting. He marveled at how such a little thing could calm him.
“Sorry,” Tony said dumbly. His eyelids felt like they were made of lead as he blinked, trying to focus on his partner. He swallowed thickly and finally croaked, “What happened?”
“What kind of man is that?” Tony asked, wondering what was about to be said about him.
“Don’t call them that, Buck.” Steve said disapprovingly.
“Maybe it’s not him,” Tony said without conviction.
“Where I’m needed,” Tony told him. “Look, you said it yourself. HYDRA is the main objective for the SSR. Captain Rogers and whoever goes with him are going to encounter technology they won’t understand. That technology will be the latest in line of whatever Schmidt’s scientists are coming up with. Someone should be there who has a better chance of understanding it. Even if it’s being destroyed, don’t you want the most accurate report you can get when they return?”
Tony woke up in the dark, gasping and thrashing against hands that were trying to hold him down under water, hold him down as they carved into his chest and broke bones that were supposed to protect his heart.
With Bucky gone and the kitchen clean, Tony helped Steve with the usual chores, and he learned a few things.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, because what else could he say?
. You push away anything that you think is painful or unpleasant. You don’t like dealing with how you feel.”
Once he was in bed with Steve lying next to him, Tony felt his body relax. He gently draped an arm over his younger partner and cuddled as close as his bruises would allow. He sighed, “Finally, just you and me.”
, Tony thought just as the bathroom door was opened by Steve who was dressed for bed. God, he looked adorable.
Tony shook his head. “No, that stuff’s tricky. I wasn’t going to risk screwing it up. Mrs. Walsh on the second floor made this. I bought enough ingredients for two large batches. She kept one as payment, and I got the other. A fair trade.”
He lifted his eyebrows, waiting for Tony’s nod of permission, and carefully helped him pull the shirt up to his ribs. The cut wasn’t that deep, but it was long, a diagonal line that ran from his left hipbone to his lower right ribs.
you’re hurting. I can tell, and I’m not better, but I’m better enough to know to ask you what’s wrong instead of staying quiet about it.”
Bruce looked like he desperately wanted to wipe his glasses again. “As of right now, I don’t know that I can fix it.”
Steve could see now how careful Tony had been to keep his chest covered these past three months, and he recalled the way Tony had snapped at Bucky last night when he tried to take his shirt off. Steve wondered if it was the scars that Tony hated or what they reminded him of.
Steve appreciated that, but there was something else he wanted to know. “So, if Bucky is submissive and a bottom, is me being a service top just make me a dominant?”
“Color, Tony?” Steve asked, and Bucky pulled out to let him answer.
Tony shivered, and he knows they both saw it. If Tony could submit to someone, it would be Steve, especially when he used that voice. His voice was husky as he replied, “Like I told you before, beautiful, I’d love to follow your orders.”
He was surprised when Bucky broke the silence a few minutes later. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Yeah, but the count is four instead of three.” Bucky nodded as he released Tony’s hand and shoulder. “Now, you’re always gonna start with the left foot,” he tapped Tony’s foot with his own to get his attention. “The man takes two slow steps forward, left then right, before stepping to the side, again with the left foot, and closing the step by bringing the right foot next to it. These last two steps are quick. Now watch.”
Tony felt a familiar fury settle in him as he stared the man down. His voice was even colder as he continued.
Holy Shit! Tony’s eyes flicked back up to Steve’s who was looking like he could come at any moment. He watched as Steve bit down on his bottom lip like he was trying to regain control of himself. Tony’s own control was slipping. He was painfully aroused, not having had sex in almost a year and suddenly feeling every damn minute of it. He hadn’t gone longer than six months without sex since he was fourteen.
“What do mean, he’s hurt?” Steve asked seriously, and Tony watched as his heartrate increased.
As he looked around the table at his teammates, Bucky wondered if he had room for the others there too. Maybe he’d get there, someday. Bucky thought he’d like that.
At that moment Agent Carter came to sit beside them. If she had been surprised at Tony joining them on this mission, it was nothing compared to Howard’s shock when he’d seen Tony at Steve’s side when they’d boarded the plane.
“She just rubbed against me, but I was so distracted by where my hand was I didn’t notice how close I was until she came and clenched around my fingers.” He shrugged with a small smile. “I went off right after that.”
Steve looked at Tony in concern.
Anthony Stark turned and looked at it. It noted several subtle changes in facial muscles and eye dilation before Stark spoke. “Right. Uh, have a seat, Barnes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s brain kickstarted. “Right.” He all but ran to the kitchen and poured a cup of coffee from the pot he’d been nursing all morning. He quickly returned with it. “Steve, I need you to try and drink this. I know you don’t normally, but the caffeine will help with the attack, trust me.”
“Are you finally going to tell me what’s wrong, Tony?” Steve asked. They stood in the shadowed side of a building away from everyone in the group where Tony knew they couldn’t be seen.
Bruce looked at Bucky and Steve. “It could also be that your minds are now trying to protect you from receiving too much information too quickly, and that’s why you don’t remember this yet. I would need to run some scans and compare them to the ones I’d first taken when this started. You are both enhanced. Your bodies are designed to adapt and heal. It could be that your brains are trying to filter the information more slowly for you. What you’ve already told me supports this theory. Since this began, it’s become easier for you to function and carry on as normal without having to experience all of this new information. The amount of information hasn’t changed, but the way you both are receiving it has.”
Tony sincerely hoped this wouldn’t take hours. He hadn’t been laid in forever and this was almost cruel.
Bucky was moaning and shaking his head. “Nooo, please, I want you. I want you in me.”
Tony promptly obeyed as he twirled his fork to collect the thin pasta before spearing a piece of sliced chicken. With the first bite, Tony’s eyes closed as he moaned around his fork. He felt like he’d been transported through the years back to his childhood. Or, technically, forward to his childhood.
Bucky shrugged. “Yeah, but I ain’t too bright either.”
“No, that’s fine.” Bucky found his voice. “I just didn’t expect you to be alright with it.” He coughed, uncomfortable.
Tony did as instructed. “Is this like the waltz?” He asked, the posture was very similar.
He’d done well today. Made a good sum of money and strengthened his growing ties within the community. He was far from the influential businessman he used to be, but he was forging connections nonetheless.
“Are you alright?” Sam asked.
Over Bucky’s shoulder Tony could see Steve looking at the enlistment center. He had to keep Bucky occupied and hope Steve would sneak off like Tony was hoping he’d do. So, Tony kept talking.
Bucky’s hips jerked as he groaned around Steve again. Tony just continued his movements with his mouth while making gentle circles on the sensitive skin.
Bucky was dealing with a lot, and sex would probably not be an option for them anytime soon. These past few hours had shown an amazing change in him, but Steve knew that it was all too fragile a thing right now. Bucky was doing what he did best, trying. He knew it was a little easier for Bucky here alone with Steve than it had been at dinner with the team. He also knew that Bucky had still forced himself to find the courage to come here and try to help Steve.
See? Steve was smart enough to recognize what an idiot Justin Hammer is! Tony chuckled. Stupid Justin Hammer. The “ex-wife” story was always brought up within the team for a good laugh when Rhodey came to visit. The first time he heard it, Steve had laughed until he had tears in his eyes. He had a nice laugh.
In a way he’d also been a hero to Tony. The things that guy could talk a woman into doing.
“And we won’t,” Bucky agreed. “Tony’s been through more than enough. For now, it’s our job to take care of him.”
his lap. He just shook his head. “It’s fine, Steve,” He murmured as he gently grabbed Steve’s hands to stop the distracting rubbing they were doing. “Just a little sore.”
“My heart and lungs are damaged.” Tony shrugged. “I’ve had some surgeries since then, and after the last one, I’m about as good as I’ll ever get.”
Steve’s eyes narrowed even as his toes curled when Tony squeezed around him again. “Stop pushing your luck and ride me.”
It didn’t matter. He’d take the pain. As long as he could have whatever love they chose to give him, even as a friend, he’d bear the pain and cherish the love.
“I agree.” Tony smiled. “And I already know the perfect place.”
The music was halted as a well dressed man stood on the stage to announce the countdown to the new year. Tony glanced at Bucky, and they both grinned as they began to count backwards with everyone else.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “If what I now remember is right, I didn’t have much luck with that.”
The Private looked surprised to be called by his name instead of his rank, but he saluted all the same before he left.
“The report just came in over the radio.” Mr. Russo, a nice Italian man who owned the pizza place with his brother chimed in. “They say that thousands are expected to be dead or wounded.”
He turned and walked to the door, stopping only when he heard them call out from behind him. He turned to calm them. “It’s going to be alright. I’ll handle this.”
“It’s also a dangerous road to go down,” Steve argued reasonably.
“I’m scared, Buck.” Steve admitted. “Things are getting bad in the new memories. You leaving, the war…it scares the hell out of me, and I just want him home.”
“Hands on my thighs,” Tony told him as his own hands moved back to firmly grab Steve’s waist. The moment Tony felt Steve brace himself on his lower thighs, he fucked up into him as he pulled small hips down onto his dick . Both of them groaned.
Howard smiled, but it only made him look more tired than before. “You were right about me last night. What you said about my reputation and legacy, it was the truth. It’s the one constant in an endless list of variables in my life. Yes, I want to do good and help my country, but we both know that I also want to be able to say that I was the one who did it. You don’t care about those things. You honestly care more about the life of a man you haven’t even met than getting the credit for this project, something that could change your life forever. I couldn’t do that.”
“You’ve rebuilt what seems like half of the apartment,” Bucky said, “and I know you’ve been collecting parts for somethin' else.”
Steve actually smirked. “I’ve had to listen to stories about him and the dames he dates since I was thirteen. They have only gotten dirtier as we’ve grown older.”
Bucky moaned louder as his hands gripped the sheets beneath him. Yes, he could feel them. Their combined weighted thrusts sent bursts of pleasure throughout his body. He could feel both their hands on him, moving across his sides and thighs. He could see both of their faces filled with love as they looked down at him, brown and blue eyes full of affection. The sweat and slide of skin only amplified what he was feeling, but he had no words for it.
Sorcerer Supreme, Master
Tony just hummed around him before sucking harder and tugging on his balls. Steve’s hips jumped as he released a harsh groan and came hard down Tony’s throat. He never let up as he stroked Steve though it and swallowed everything.
, Tony thought. He was really pleased with himself. The girl was very sweet and shy, but when he’d seen her sketching on a piece of paper at the nurses’ station and asked her about it, she’d come alive. She’d talked passionately about art and seemed so pleased at his sincere compliments and interest. Most men, apparently, had deemed her drawings a “cute hobby”. Assholes. Like a woman couldn’t be an artist?
Tony put a hand on his shoulder, knowing how hard it must be for him to hear about some of things going on in his homeland. “Cheer up, my friend. His rule will be over soon, and Italia will be free flourish.”
“Thank
“You’re doing so well, love.” Steve told him as he spread his fingers wider. “Choking him just like I told you to. Look how hard he is for you.” He lightly tapped Tony’s straining dick.
“Huh. I don’t know if I should be impressed or worried.”
“That about sums it up, Gabe,” Bucky said ruefully as Tony finally pushed his way next to him. He held a canteen and practically shoved it at Bucky’s face, but he still managed to gently help Bucky once he’d begun drinking. The gulps were hurried and desperate, and Steve wondered how long it had been since he’d been given water. He also tried not to think about seeing Bucky on that table.
Louise agreed easily enough. Maybe she’d expected her date with an older man would include health problems, or she was just being nice. Tony couldn’t tell. In all honesty he felt fine, he just didn’t want Steve to be alone.
“I hope so,” Tony admitted, “but there may be something you can do to help.”
It was early in the morning as Bucky sat at the island of the communal kitchen drinking a glass of juice. He watched as Steve stood in front of the stove cooking breakfast. Since arriving here, Bucky had put on twenty more pounds of muscle from the regular meals the Avengers made for him, and he was now the size of Steve, only one or so inches shorter. More importantly, he realized he was beginning to look forward to eating. It wasn’t just a necessary function; he liked the feeling of being full. Before arriving, he had never noticed the near constant hunger his enhanced body had been going through.
fighting?”
“No, they didn’t tell me anything,” Tony said as he started rubbing his hand. “I just know. I know it, Steve, and I—we have to find out what happened.”
Steve’s eyebrows narrowed as he looked at him. “So am I. We’ve been worried about him for months. He’s been fighting at the front, and we haven’t gotten letters in forever.”
“Quite an extraordinary man,” Monty finally said. “Alright then with your leave, Captain, we will we retire.”
“As am I,” the man quietly agreed. “To answer your earlier question, we are at an unknown base in Austria, I believe.”
As Tony looked back down at Bucky, Steve could tell there was a lot he would like to say but couldn’t, so he shook his head ruefully, “I swear you two stubborn jackasses will be the death of me.”
The colonel looked past Steve to Agent Carter who had just arrived. “You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy.” Before he looked back to Tony. “Again, why exactly is Stark here?”
The soldier jolted and faced the other way as the rest of the men followed suit. It dawned on Steve that none of them had probably considered what Tony had said before now. They didn’t realize their treatment of him was insubordination.
Bucky shivered, his body warming at the thought of what would happen tonight. Tony just chuckled at his reaction and stepped back. He turned his head to call out over his shoulder, “I’m heading out, Mike! Thanks for the drink and smoke.”
helps the effort, Rogers. People are tired of newsreels and footage of the fighting. People are fickle like that. They want to believe that good ol’ Uncle Sam has this in the bag, and they want to feel needed. It’s your job to convince them to help.”
They were left in uncomfortable silence, and neither looked happy at the thought of being the first one to break it. To Tony’s everlasting surprise, Howard was the first one to speak.
Trust Steve to label being conditioned into a super soldier assassin as “everything after”.
As Steve laid back, he felt that new oddity that he was almost as tall as the bed allowed. That thought left him as a naked Tony slowly began kissing his way up one of Steve’s legs. He hadn’t been kidding when he’d reminded Tony that this kind of worship was usually reserved for Bucky, but as Steve’s senses began to come alive again, he had to admit that it was very pleasurable.
Tony had just closed eyes in exhaustion and relief.
“Your right about that. Most of it would make a sailor blush before having the need to go to confession.”
Barnes stared at him. For like, a little too long. Tony was beginning to regret involving him in the conversation when he finally answered, “I like Steve’s choices, but I also liked
They both told him that they were ready to be of service if Tony ever needed anything. They also said that Tony’s money would be no good whenever he or the boys stopped into the restaurant since they could never repay him. Tony told them that they didn’t need to do that, but he thanked them anyway.
“Yes,” Tony groaned as he felt every inch of Steve stretch him open the farther down he went. He moaned when Steve’s hips connected with his ass as he bottomed out. It was all he was able to say as Bucky slid back into his mouth and began his own slow slide down.
Bucky turned to the guy in disgust. “You what?”
He had thanked Tony several more times and promised to tell his friends about what a miracle worker he was before Tony finally made his leave. So, yes, it had been a really good day he thought as he walked along 73
*Molto piacere di conoscerti-Very nice to meet you
“Moisturize?” Bucky raised an eyebrow.
“I love that movie,” Steve chirped. “We saw it last month.”
to be sent back to his time. As he shuddered and tried to stop another sound from leaving him, the two boys on either side of him jerked awake. They looked at their joined fingers on Tony’s chest then up at each other before they both turned to Tony.
“I barely controlled myself, Tony.”
“What’s that mean in all this?” Steve asked as they both looked confused.
Steve’s eyebrows came down. “We talked about this. You’re not allowed to mention the outfit. It doesn’t exist, remember?”
Bucky laughed, but the light blush on his cheeks betrayed him. “C’mon, let’s go home. I don’t know when I’ll get my papers to ship out, but I plan on enjoying every minute with you two that I can get.”
“I’ll give you what I want to, when I want to.” Steve answered in a hard tone. He grabbed Tony’s thighs and pushed them up to spread him even wider. “Hold these, love.”
Flying backwards Tony felt like his body was being covered by a warm, wet blanket.
Tony continued to walk, but as he passed another alleyway, he heard a crash and rough voices. He stopped, wondering at the commotion. It had sounded like something crashing into metal. Curiosity being one of his predominant traits, Tony’s auto-drive kicked in. He went into the alley to investigate.
They had almost made it to the end of the new hallway when alarms started blaring throughout the building.
With that last thought, Tony’s attention was drawn to the door of his room being opened, and he hoped that for their sake it was someone coming to take off all of this fucking plaster. His skin really itched.
From his left Natasha spoke. “We just don’t want you to think it bothers us in any way. You didn’t, and still don’t, owe us any explanations on your personal lives, both together or with Tony. We just want you to be happy.”
Bucky looked a little uncertain, but mumbled, “OK.”
“Thank you,” he told Steve as it was taken away from him. His mind was quickly returning to normal operating standards, for which he was very relieved. Tony hated feeling drugged when he wasn’t in charge of the high. Thinking more clearly than when he’d woken, Tony realized that he didn’t feel like he’d been hit by a truck, not really. He’d been more sore than this days after he’d crashed to the ground in the armor during the Chitauri invasion. The morphine was clearly beginning to wear off. He should be feeling more pain. This couldn’t be a good sign for him.
Tony breathed deeply as emotions flooded him. He hadn’t had sex without a shirt since Afghanistan. “I, I can if you want. It’s just usually not…”
Tony just nodded quickly before holding up Steve’s folded leather jacket where, apparently, he’d been holding it behind his back. “Saved you some time. After you, Cap.”
Another two weeks pass, and Tony had been making good on his promise to himself. He doesn’t let his thoughts wander inappropriately, he doesn’t stare at Bucky’s muscled arms and trim waist. Or Steve’s compelling eyes and graceful hands. He. Does. Not.
Steve looked up. “Now you see why I didn’t want to go out tonight. I know Bucky’s trying to help, but,” he shrugged, “I get tired of watching everyone else. And being ignored or left by the gals he finds for me just isn’t as much fun as it used to be.” He tried to joke.
“Mmmhhh,” Tony hummed appreciatively at how desperate Steve sounded. He released Steve’s hips, only to reach forward and grab Steve’s biceps, pulling his hands off the bed to arch Steve’s back as Tony held him on his dick. He was completely at Tony’s mercy.
Ruth stayed to eat a bowl of soup with them until the next visitors arrived, and she made her goodbyes. It was the Russo brothers. Joe’s voice was nothing but sincere as he thanked Tony for pushing him out of the way in time. Anthony thanked him for saving his brother. They stayed for a while and talked with Tony and Steve before they had to get back to their families.
Tony kept stroking his hair, using the hand that had only recently made him share in Bucky’s torture. Now, it was as if it had never troubled him. Bucky was safe now, and the proof was in Tony’s hand.
Keeping his head where it was, he lifted his eyes to check on the other men. Bucky continued to pant while Steve looked on in what could only be described as fascination, confirming Tony’s theory that the two of them had never tried rimming. Shame.
“Enough to help the medics, but it’s not my field of study.” Tony said honestly. He had several doctorates, but he was not a physician.
“Alright,” Tony said returning the smile, “Bucky.”
They will today, Tony thought.
“Fuck that feels good, Buck.” Steve panted. “So good. You ready for all of me?”
“It’s just a scratch, Steve, really! And I have work to do!” Tony protested, “I am very in demand right now.”
But his chest, that was a horror show. That shrapnel had made the first marks across his ribs and upper torso. Then, the makeshift magnet Yinsen had implanted to save him. Yeah, having your ribs and sternum cut away without anesthetic sucked. It also left a roadmap across his pecs. After the fiasco with the fake Mandarin and Killian, Tony had had the reactor removed, and though he didn’t regret it, he sometimes missed the soothing glow that had been a part of him. Unfortunately, the surgery had been extensive, leaving Tony’s chest…ugly. Like an autopsy of someone that was hit by a car, incision marks and webbed scarring started from just below his collarbone to a few inches above his naval.
“That’s what it sounds like to me,” Steve said stubbornly. “Why the hell are you going along with this?”
“It was hard to miss even over the explosions.” Steve answered, and Tony heard the rustling of the branches as the other man pulled at tree limbs in his face.
“I’ve got you, sweet boy. We’ve both got you,” his Daddy breathed against his lips before pushing in, and Bucky groaned at the feel of finally being claimed. The slow movements of the thick length inside him as he was bent in half and slowly filled was what he needed. The warm brown eyes looking down at him were inviting him to get lost. His Daddy leaned forward to blanket Bucky’s body with his own, protecting him even as he was split open.
He tried to do as Bucky said. He felt others hands running over his back and realized that it must be Steve. They were both here. They were safe, and Tony could breathe.
Tony watched Bucky look around at the future Commandos that were flying with them. The others didn’t seem to be having Bucky’s issues with flying and were quite enjoying the faster way of travelling. Tony suspected that they were focusing on the extra time this was going to give them in London instead of being on a slower moving boat.
Tony continued. “I also wanted to explain about the chemicals and the drop they can cause first, because sometimes in certain instances the dominant can experience something similar, and I wanted to prepare you for that.”
you. Oh god, I hurt you so bad, Stevie!” His heart clenched at the nickname he never thought he’d hear again. “I almost killed you! I’m sorry, I’m so sorry! I’m sorry…”
disrespectful and insensitive, and Tony
And Tony caught sight of her leaning up against a tall, young man with broad shoulders and a shit eating grin. Stupid bitch, his mind supplied. That’s when he saw Louise chatting with another guy not ten feet away from Ann the Bitch. Huh, Tony supposed “I’m going to powder my nose” was this generation’s version of “I think we should see other people”.
“I will strip away everything you have; your marriage, your safety, your reputation.” He promised. “They will all be gone, and that’s if I’m nice enough let you walk away from this. You have no proof to back up your threat and no credit with anyone to make them believe you. All I have to do is go to the butcher right now, and your world will start to crumble. After that, if you even think to say anything further about this to anyone, well, it’s a dangerous neighborhood. People find bodies in the river all the time, and I doubt anyone would miss you enough to question it.”
“Tony,” Steve started to say, “can I check your cut?”
Yep, it went there.
“We’re meeting them tonight at the New Year’s Eve party the hospital staff is having. Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to drag you there tied up in a sack?”
The show had gone relatively well. Steve still had to read the lines that were taped to his shield, but Tony knew as Steve became more comfortable, they wouldn’t be necessary. Steve was completely capable of memorizing his lines. It was his nerves that were the real problem, that and the outfit. Tony loved Steve, but that thing was a travesty. He’d thought the outfit Steve was wearing when they’d first met fighting Loki had been garish, but sweet Odin, the one the USO had provided made the other look fit for a GQ magazine cover.
“Right,” Tony’s mind was spiraling, “of course, thank you.”
“As who? Steve from Ohio?” Bucky retorted. “They’ll catch you, or worse, they’ll actually take you.”
“Well, I can’t fault him there.” Tony admitted and held out his hand. When the doctor clasped his own in Tony’s to shake, he added, “Thanks Doc. You don’t know what this means to me.”
“Thank you, Dr. Banner. I have taken the liberty to monitor certain news and social media topics about the current situation. It would seem that there were brief instances of vertigo captured through live feeds of vlogs, chats and gaming as the people experienced them. The cause is not known, and most simply resumed whatever they were doing at the time. The name Anthony Sutton does not appear to feature in them. The most I can find are in reference to the name is as a member of the Captain’s team on fan and historical sites. I do not believe that people have put together his connection to this event at the moment.”
“At least you get to do something useful. What the hell am I gonna do stuck here?”
“Good choice,” the colonel informed him. “Now get your ass to the lab and earn that check the army is giving you.”
“Aaahhh,” he groaned as a fresh wave of visions flooded his mind. Tony was wearing the same suit from this morning and was twisting Joe Collins arm behind his back. Tony holding out a hand and introducing himself like a stranger would. Tony walking beside him down the street to his apartment. “Tony…” He gasped.
“No, Steve,” he said seriously, “you create. You turn a blank piece of nothing into art. Sexy art , but it’s no less beautiful. It may not seem like much to you, but it makes people happy. Fuck the stigma that comes with it. This world is filled with a whole lot of awful, cruel things. I think bringing happiness to people, however they choose to find it, is nothing scoff at.”
Sam’s eyes bulged at that new information as Clint’s jaw dropped.
Tony heard another muffled groan.
And there on the screen, Bucky could see the flash of hurt on Tony’s face as the man’s words finally hit their mark. A second later, however, Tony’s face shut down. His voice was deliberate and menacing.
Steve waited and listened as Bucky’s breathing evened out, signaling he was asleep. Steve tried not to think about how Bucky had changed the end of the memory. Just as he tried not to think about the way Bucky was pressed against him.
“Spoil sport,” but it lacked any conviction. He didn’t really want a drink, hadn’t for a while, and wasn’t that something? They got up, making sure Bucky saw them headed to the door. Tony mimed the universal sign for drinking as he brought his hand to his mouth like he had a cup in it. Bucky frowned, but nodded.
Bucky shook his head. “If I volunteer now, I’ll be able to get into training programs to become an officer. I can choose to enlist in the branch I want to serve in. I really don’t want to risk being in the navy or the air force. I get seasick, and the thought of flying kinda scares me cuz I really don’t like heights, not like that anyway. Most of my nightmares are of me falling. It’s probably best if I join the army and stay on the ground,” he tried to joke, but his smile looked pained.
“And jerky,” Sam chimed in. “Don’t forget the jerky.”
Steve was eating popcorn that he was sharing with Bucky as they approached a large stage that had a crowd gathered around it. In the middle of the stage was a red car. Just then music started, and a line of very pretty women came out dressed in show girl tuxedo outfits. Girls around them in the crowd started yelling “There he is!”, and yup, there was Howard.
Natasha raised one eyebrow. “Three months of memories in two hours? You’re lucky your brains aren’t leaking out of your ears by now. Even your minds can’t process that much information that quickly.”
It was what made him fall in love with Tony in the first place. Tony cared about them and anyone else who needed his help.
Bruce asked quietly, “Are you sure there is no way to break the curse? To spare him from that? There has to be something we can do; we need him back, Thor.”
“I figured once we’d found you, you’d need a decent meal,” Tony told him. “Especially since I know you’re probably planning to march with the other guys.”
Tony remembered the day after Christmas. He’d stayed home to install the washing machine, having never gotten to it the day before, and watched as Steve broke in his new set of pencils. He even drew a picture of Tony working on the floor next to the new appliance, sleeves rolled up and a wrench in his hand. Tony was going to buy a frame for it.
You know how everything up until now has been seen through Tony's eyes? Well, wouldn't it be interesting to hear from someone else? I won't say who, but at some point in the next chapter, another point of view will weigh in as the boys have a talk about Tony.
“Good choice,” Tony said, business voice returned and stepped back. “ I’ll give you a few moments to pack, shall I? Then you can write your long suffering wife a goodbye letter.”
Tony smirked at that before he made his way across the yard to the command tent. He prepared himself to eventually argue with the man who had always made it abundantly clear that Tony was not wanted or needed. He needed to remind the man how useful he could be and had already been. He needed to show Phillips that he was wrong about Tony, and maybe, just maybe, they could find some way for Tony to keep helping Steve and the war effort. He also had to watch his mouth.
From across the table, Bucky finally spoke. “We’ll hold you all evening, honey. You don’t have to tell us why, but just let us be there for you. We miss you.”
what I said.”
Another tower inhabitant Dr. Bruce Banner, Previous Target Status: under surveillance, Hazard Level: high – avoid contact at all cost, was at least a quiet presence here. The newly named Bucky liked quiet.
“Yeah, you did mention something about throwing him in the river while he was unconscious then thought better on it.” Steve said, smirking. “You have the control of a saint.”
“The hell I can’t,” Steve said before he looked at Tony who nodded, “I’m a Captain!”
“Yes,” Steve admitted as he narrowed his eyes on Tony, “and somehow, every person who gave me shit and beat on me has ended up in the hospital.”
(See the end of the chapter for
dangerous.”
Tony shrugged. “Well, this is one of those things that I can’t make and wouldn’t even try without the fire department present.”
*****
And now he was late. It was the only thought running through his head as he entered the apartment and stopped dead in his tracks.
Bucky had tears running down his face as he admitted, “I’m scared, Steve. I don’t...I hate being this way, and I’m scared that I always will be.”
have been.
Tony let out a humorless laugh as he shook his head. “Trust me. You don’t realize how much more than that you are, how unique. Before all this,” he waved his hand vaguely, “well, let’s just say I was very well off, important maybe. People didn’t care about me, though. They only cared about what I could do for them, what I could give them. I lost all that and wound up here with nothing but the clothes on my back. You both helped me when I could give nothing in return. You expected nothing, asked for nothing. You even worried that what you gave me wasn’t enough. Do you not know how rare that is? It amazes me.”
“Punk,” He answered, not missing a beat.
And they were both so loyal and
“Before any of you try it,” Tony growled at the remaining three, “take one step towards me or the kid, and I’ll break this piece of shit’s arm.” To get his point across, Tony twisted and pushed the wrist out while pressing down the shoulder joint firmly. Joe starting hissing in pain. “I know,” Tony almost chuckled, “it’s pretty damn effective, isn’t it?” Natasha would be so proud of him right now.
Bucky’s jaw dropped. Steve’s eyes rounded before he burst out laughing.
The voice startled Tony from his thoughts, and fuck, this was all he needed. Joe Collins and his little gang was standing about twelve feet in front of him. A quick scan of the area showed that it was dark and the street was nearly deserted. Tony had been walking in circles far longer than he’d realized.
“STOP!”
“He is,” Bucky agreed as he watched Steve resume his cooking. They fell into a thoughtful silence for a while as Steve worked on cooking the bacon and starting the waffles, and Bucky thought about what they could have once Tony returned to them. He wanted it so bad, but part of him wondered if it was even possible. The memories of his torture and sexual aversion still haunted him. He knew he’d need a lot of help to get past it, but maybe he could with Steve and Tony.
“Can I talk to you?” He asked again, hoping this would go well.
“I was happy to do it.” Was that his voice that sounded so breathless? “Honestly, it’s the best Christmas I’ve ever had. My parents cared more about their social obligations than their parental ones, which, considering how they were, was probably a good thing for me.”
It looked at Stark’s eyes. The brown reminded it of something warm, which was…different. Was it ready to begin?
He looked in Tony’s eyes. “Please wash me, Daddy?”
Bucky tried not to force the memory because he knew from experience that this never worked. It was a miracle that he’d remembered any of this at all. Yesterday this would have been an impossibility. As soon as he accepted that he might not be able to remember the rest, the memories floated to the surface of the murky waters of his mind.
Almost forty-five minutes later, the boys were sitting at the table and Tony started piling it with food. “Mince pies. Colcannon, an Irish must have.  Soda Bread if I didn’t screw it up, smothered greens with bacon, cranberry sauce, gravy, and” he said as he placed each dish on the table, “a small but hopefully tasty little turkey.”
Speaking of the big, blonde and beautiful soldier, Tony silently swore that he would at least get Steve to smile. He arrived at the steps of the stage as Steve was making his way down.
Bucky blushed deeply at the reminder. “It’s Ok,” He murmured and admitted “I, uh, I actually liked it.”
“Why would they do this?” Steve asked angrily at no one in particular. “They had families living there. Women and children and they attacked them too!”
Bucky groaned as he came. Hot, thick ropes of it filled Tony’s mouth and throat, and he worked to swallow all of it. Once he had his mouth clear, Tony was reduced to begging.
Steve looked over to him as Tony pulled his mouth off Bucky, his hand moving to gently pat Bucky’s hip. “Roll over, sweetheart. Hands and knees.”
He felt hands rubbing softly along his arms, down his sides, through his hair, and it grounded him.
“Akerman’s?” Erskine looked up, surprised.
When Bucky talks about being sent to those places or an institution, he is talking about a mental hospital, which did happen because homosexuality was seen as a "curable disease". Some of the wonderful treatments they provided to their lucky patients could include lobotomies, electroshock and castration among other things. The Great Depression brought with it a resurgence of conservitism, and by the late 1930s to early 1940s homosexuals could be basically imprisoned in these facilities with the promise that they wouldn't be released until they were better. Their treatment was often inhumane, and they would suffer physically and mentally at the hands of their "healers".
“It’d be pretty hard for her to step on you. She’s barely five feet tall. You have at least three inches on her, easy.”
Steve shook his head. “Not funny, Tony.”
He began to work a lather across his cheeks then grabbed the straight razor (yikes) by the sink. He took a deep breath. While he’d had a shave by a straight razor before, he’d never actually used one himself. He was a little wary of the lethal looking blade. An image of Scarface flashed through his mind, and he winced. Tony didn’t want to have pull off that look.
wrong with you. Nothing.”
They eventually made it to the other side where they found a door that led to a corridor. Steve took the lead as Tony watched their backs and made sure no one followed them through or snuck up on them. Soon they came across another door. This one had no window and a heavy lock to keep it closed.
The throbbing between Bucky’s legs became worse as he remembered Steve positioning himself as he laid behind Bucky and slowly entered him as Tony continued to swallow around Bucky’s cock. This was lust that Bucky was feeling at the phantom sensation of Steve moving inside of him, and he felt himself clench as his cock twitched at the memory of Steve’s first hard thrust.
“I’m sure it will be fine either way, Tony,” Steve told him, hoping to calm his partner.
Tony thought about the shelters. If they existed, he still didn’t know where they were, and it had to be well after six o’clock by now. Even if he had to sleep on the street, it would be fine. He was Tony Stark and had survived much worse.
“I can’t.” He pouted, “Thor said he’d electrocute anyone who touched his ‘mischievous monkey’ mug. Nat said only a badass redhead could use the ‘Breakfast with Blossom’ mug. Bruce claimed the ‘Gang Green Gang Good Morning’ mug, and I’m not about to make him angry.
Steve began to lightly stroke himself with the hand that wasn’t soothing Bucky as he watched Tony eat the younger man out. Tony would urgently tongue at him before slowing down his movements to almost a tease, keeping Bucky in a constant state of new forms of stimulation. The man was practically begging at this point so Tony decided it was time to move on.
Steve knew Tony was working somewhere else in secret on whatever this project of theirs was. He missed him. He missed and worried about Bucky all the time, but he knew Bucky was an ocean away fighting. Tony was here, but he was still beyond Steve’s reach. They had agreed that they had to be very careful while Steve was at the base training. It was too much to risk just because they didn’t want to spend several weeks apart.
As Tony looked at the group of men before him, he saw it on every one of their faces. Fury, to the point that most were fighting back tears.
“Same goes for me, man.” Sam said at her side. “I’m always here if you need to talk, or if you just want some company while you run or workout. This shit ain’t easy, but it can get easier.”
Thankfully his clients had been very understanding to the fact that Tony had been injured and unavailable. He still had to take it easy though. He moved a bit slower and wasn’t supposed to over-exert himself. No heavy lifting either. Tony followed these rules because he had no doubt that if he pulled open the finally sealed wound, both of those boys would force him back to bed for another three days.
Steve relaxed even more at these words; his relief palpable. It was the first time since they’d gotten home that he’d projected anything but confidence.
” The man replied.
Tony heartily agreed, visions of him teaching that asshole a very violent lesson danced through his mind.
Steve rolled his eyes but didn’t comment further. They accepted he didn’t want to talk anymore on the subject, and they all finished their breakfast in companionable silence.
Steve shook his head, smiling at Tony’s ridiculous behavior. “I am on your side, and thank god for that. Otherwise I’d be completely fucked.”
Bucky closed his eyes, wishing he hadn’t been woken from his sleep, as tears fell down his cheeks. He was so broken.
Steve nodded. “I thought that I’d been caught lying from all my times trying to enlist, but this doctor said he was going to give me a chance. Tony, I need to do this. I have to try…”
“No, the way he was speaking to you wasn’t funny at all.” Tony agreed seriously. “But you have to admit watching him want to pull out the little hair he has left was very funny. I’m ready to pay you to keep doing it, not for the shows but for every rehearsal in the future.”
James turned as if just remembering Tony’s presence. “And you are?”
Yes, the last six months had been a mine field of new experiences for him, as he tried to navigate around each new situation and not trigger an explosion. Everything was so foreign. He knew that Steve was disappointed with him. He could see it in the blonde’s eyes, but Bucky didn’t understand what the man wanted from him. He didn’t know how to make that hurt and worry go away. He also didn’t know why that hurt and worry bothered him. He just knew that it did. Another instinct, he supposed.
Bucky laid in the recovery bed, completely still except for the slight rise and fall of his chest. The events of the past three hours replayed in his damaged mind. When Steve had collapsed back at the sanctum, Bucky had actually been scared. With Stark having gone missing, the unknown reason for Steve’s episode had made him panic. He supposed that his concern for Steve shouldn’t have surprised him, but it kind of did.
“Yeah, sorry,” Steve shifted, “but Lucille wanted to show me some of her art pieces, and I didn’t want to offend her so I walked her up to the apartment. And well, she uh.”
Bucky nodded slowly, obviously fighting against the haze of liquor. “My dad was always drinking. Everyday. It didn’t matter if it was Christmas or your birthday. He got mean after he’d drunk enough. He’d drink away half of his paycheck sometimes.” Bucky’s voice turned bitter. “I hated him for that. He cared more about his fucking liquor than taking care of my ma and sister. I hated that more than when he’d take a swing at me.”
What was wrong with him? Sure, Steve had been aroused too, but he was young and inexperienced and had been listening to a woman in the throes of her passion. Tony had to give it to Marie; she had made some damn sexy sounds and seemed very responsive. It was only natural for Steve to have gotten off on it.
Tony was affordable, fast and
“I’m still here, sweet boy, and I promise to let you know when I’m not OK.”
He sucked the thick, muscled neck and enjoyed the fact that even though a lot had changed about Steve, his partner still smelled and tasted the same. Steve let out a sigh as his head fell back to give Tony more access.
They eventually all settled in various places around the bed. Tony scribbled in his notepad as Bucky wrote a letter to his mother and sister. Steve was sketching some pictures he hoped to sell while Tony was recovering. The supplies Tony had given him for Christmas were wonderful. He never imagined the difference quality paper and pencils would make and warmth flooded his chest that Tony had gotten him something so thoughtful.
So, yeah, not a catch. Hell, he wasn’t even a
“Oh,” Tony said mildly surprised, “well, I hope he waits to eat it after his dinner...?”
“I’m sure I will, thank you,” Tony said as took his key and I.D. then turned to them. “Shall we?”
It came alive for him. Lights and the sounds of robots all greeting him. Bucky really liked it here.
Steve’s mouth pulled into a tired smile. “I could make blueberry pie, and we could play gin. You’ll cheat with the cards, and he’ll complain even though he’s smiling.”
“How do you know so much about wine, Tony?” Steve asked, his lips quirked up in a languid smile. Someone was feeling good.
have been through enough, and I just wanted to help you enjoy your R & R before you had to go back.”
He tossed the towel into the hamper across the room and went to grab the dirtied sheet. He wadded up the half that was unoccupied, “Move over here, sweetheart.” Bucky moved over the crumpled mess of sheet to the clean half of the bed, and Tony pulled the remaining portion away to place it in the hamper as well.
Steve tugged his earlobe between his teeth and bit it gently before releasing it to ask, “What did you want, Tony? Did you want Bucky? Me? Both of us?” Steve licked a stripe up his neck, and Tony’s eyes rolled back as his blood rapidly began heading south. Because
“You could teach me.” And then his mind was off, thinking of scenes from Dirty Dancing. Bucky was Jennifer Grey, of course, because let’s face it, Tony’s too old to be crawling across the floor of a dance studio. “I mean, you know I’m not really up on all the new moves people are using nowadays. I saw you at the dance hall. You’re a natural.”
“He didn’t need to prove anything to me,” Steve said, and Bucky just stared at him incredulously. Steve finally sighed and admitted, “Alright, I know he did. I’m a hard-headed, stubborn, self-righteous prat when it comes to my opinions, and they don’t change until I’ve learned better.”
Steve grinned, “I had to give you the chance.” Bucky just looked unimpressed, so Steve continued, “Alright, but what about the others?”
As they watched the harsh man walk over to a troop doing exercises, Erskine leaned in to speak. “I’ve almost never seen him take to someone so quickly. Well done, Tony.”
Bucky looked disheartened at that idea, but nodded. “Well, we’ll nurse him back to health even if we have to tie him to the bed. The last thing we need is for him to hurt himself worse by upsetting that wound.”
Her eyebrows rose. “So, he’s your shield?”
it. You’ve never treated me like I was too small or weak, and I…”
“So, what now?” Sam asked after a moment.
He saw the man remove his glasses and wipe the lenses on the bottom of his rumpled shirt before replacing them on his nose. “I keep saying this, but I’m not really this kind of doctor.” He huffed before looking at the holo-images beside him. “As far as I can tell, both your brains are in a state of hyperstimulation.” He pointed to where the two very detailed replicas of his and Bucky’s brains were slowly spinning in midair.
“Safe words?” Steve repeated, but he looked to be taking this very seriously. Bucky knew Steve would never want to hurt him, even if he couldn’t feel it at the time.
“Yes, daddy,” Bucky whined as he gripped the sheets tighter.
“Well, I fail to comprehend how a common repairman with no credentials could have the nerve to presume that he would know more on this subject than me!” Howard bellowed in return. His red face pulled into a mixture of anger and contempt. “Since you’re obviously looking to feel useful, you should take the elevator two floors up. I hear there’s a typewriter that needs fixing where the records are kept.”
Once Tony nodded yes, Steve began to carefully unwrap the linen, getting close each time he reached around Tony’s back to grab the unraveling cloth. When it was gone, he gently peeled off the stained gauze that was slightly sticking to Tony’s abdomen.
“Of course it’ll work,” the sassy little shit smirked, “you’re Tony fucking Stark.”
Before long Tony was heading out the door, after kissing them both and promising that they would all talk when he got home that night. Steve knew they had a lot of things to discuss, but it didn’t stop him from wanting to skip it and repeat what they’d done together last night. He sighed, maybe after.
He poured some water from the pitcher into the first glass and gave it to Bucky, who murmured his thanks and took it from him. He filled the next glass, placed the pitcher on the floor next to bed, and crawled over to Tony. Tony tiredly lifted his head from it’s hanging position, getting a little dizzy from the change in blood flow. Steve cradled the back of his head with his other hand as Tony gratefully drank down the contents of the glass.
Williams scoffed at the threat. “Is that supposed to worry me, ginger? Besides, when I make sergeant, there might not be so many of you Micks around once we get to the fighting.”
He then rushed to the medicine cupboard. He’d stocked up on some things when he realized just how sick Steve was prone to get sometimes. He found the bottle of eucalyptus oil he’d bought for possible respiratory infections, but it would do for this too. He ran back to the sofa as he opened the bottle to pour a few drops on the handkerchief from his pocket. He put the piece of fabric under his nose without blocking his mouth.
“On your back, sweetheart. Pillow under your hips.” Tony ordered as Steve also withdrew his hand, following Tony’s lead.
“So guys,” he began, “I know tonight and, more specifically for you, today did not go as we’d hoped.”
“That’s perfectly understandable.” Tony teased. “We are really sexy.”
Tony smiled. “Thanks to my new field promotion, you’re looking at Corporal Anthony Sutton, Tech Specialist and Engineer.”
Bucky had worked on the docks. He hated it.
It wasn’t until they got back to their own empty apartment that they really began to worry. Steve wasn’t the type to go off by himself at this time of night. It was a rough neighborhood, and there would be a lot of drunk idiots on the streets tonight.
Tony grabbed his hand and gently squeezed. “It’s not, sweetheart. It’s perfectly natural.” He soothed, big brown eyes looking at him with affection. “Some people just prefer sex that way, to be more submissive. A lot of the time, it’s people with the strongest personalities, or people who have a lot of responsibilities in their lives. People who are constantly the center of attention and find it stressful. People who have a very important job and are in charge all the time, so that’s their way of taking a break.”
He tried to subtly look over at Steve and noticed his pencil wasn’t moving anymore and his breathing was a little fast. Tony realized his was too.
“No, I mean something’s wrong,” Tony told him desperately. “I can feel it, Steve. He’s hurt somewhere, and…”
But he couldn’t deny Tony’s sincerity or concern. This was clearly eating at the man and had been for a while. Steve didn’t doubt that keeping whatever this project was a secret had been weighing down his conscience. Tony had to choose between military secrets and his partners, and Steve didn’t envy him that.
Tony’s mind raced as Bucky’s words pierced him, and he remembered treatment of homosexuals who fell under the wrong sort of legal attention during this time. Jail was the better of the options they’d be faced with. Those institutions were a nightmare. He would die before he allowed that to happen to any of them. He watched a tear fall onto Bucky’s cheek.
“And yellow or amber for slow down or pause.” Tony nodded.
“Well,” Bucky began, “if you would have asked me that yesterday, I probably would have said no. I would have told you or anyone else that Hydra killed it a long time ago. But today, maybe that what’s memories give us? Knowing who we are makes us a person and not a thing. It’s the difference between an asset and a human being. I had lost my soul to Hydra, but maybe now I can have it back with these new memories of old Bucky.”
but most fellas wouldn’t want to…”
With that, they took off on foot traveling north by northwest through the forest as silent as shadows. They didn’t need words with how in tune they were with each other. When one shifted to change direction or avoid a foot hazard, the other followed easily. Tony was reminded of the first time they’d fought side by side against the Chitauri, perfect synchronization of repulsor and shield without ever having the need of practice.
Tony had to remind himself to breathe as his mind raced with possibilities as to where Erskine was going with this.
And sure enough, Tony heard the voice of the Speaker of the House announce the President to Congress. After a few moments, static filled murmurs and voices died as he began his address,
Steve’s head was thrown back as he released in Tony’s stroking hand, painting his thin chest with ropes of come. Bucky moaned beneath them, and Tony could feel his sweetheart clenching down on him as he rode his orgasm.
“Oh,” Steve said as he blushed. “Of course, Tony, I…here.”
“Be right back.” Steve said as he left them.
“Usually,” Tony corrected again, “but I have kissed every inch of you. Now there’s just a few more inches. Speaking of inches,” Tony said as he lightly wrapped his hand around Steve’s cock and made him gasp.
In fairness, the boat ride across the Atlantic hadn’t been too bad. He’d never been on a ship that big before; hell, he’d only been on a couple of ferry rides before that, but it was almost exciting to be doing something new and going to another continent while he did it. He didn’t think Tony had enjoyed it all that much.
Steve drew in a steadying breath as Bucky did the same. After a few more calming inhales, Steve finally spoke. “I almost forgot you could do that.”
. Dick Todd’s 1940 original Version.”
Their disorientation didn’t last more than a few seconds as Steve and Bucky watched in concern. Because what was happening to them now? When everyone seemed to recover, Clint was the first one to break the silence.
“I know,” Bucky sighed. “It’s just still a little hard to wrap my head around.” He eventually chuckled, “At least his body’s as big as his attitude now. I won’t have to save him from his mouth anymore.”
He turned back to look at Steve as he walked over to his partner. His voice was a blend of exasperation and sarcasm. “Sometimes, I think you like getting punched.” It was an old line between the two of them going back to grade school.
“You were smiling,” the other man answered as he shrugged.
liked watching them. A lot. Maybe this was one of his things? God knows the thought of being watched was one of Bucky’s.
That broken thing inside Steve broke just a little more at the blank stare on Bucky’s face. “Do you even care at all?” He asked hopelessly. “You know Tony. He’s helped you a lot. He’s one of the only people you allow to touch you when he works on your arm. He’s gone out of his way to keep you out of prison, introduced you to music he thought you’d like. I thought you…I thought you’d learned to care at least a little about him.”
“I know it.” Tony said simply. “I know you won’t stop until you can follow after Bucky. Just like I know you won’t let the opinions of others keep you from doing what it takes to succeed.”
Steve turned to walk away, but she grabbed his shoulder to get his attention. “Then at least let me help.”
“Thank you,” he told them as he forced himself to meet their eyes. He was beginning to feel very embarrassed by everything that had just happened, even if he appreciated their support. He was even feeling guilty for how he had treated them in the past.
The others had been fascinated as they’d been questioning them relentlessly over every detail, and it was wearing on Bucky even if Steve was doing most of the talking. He was just thinking of leaving the room when, suddenly, the others seemed to sway where they stood. Clint had held the side of his head while Sam squeezed his eyes tight and pinched the space between his eyes, as if he was dizzy.
The A.I.’s voice was softer as he answered, “
When he finally woke up, he balked at the idea of staying in bed.
Tony shrugged, “After a trip to the hardware store it was easy.”
For the first time in over three months, Tony forgot about his lost life in the future as he so happily enjoyed the present. He didn’t feel out of place or trapped. He didn’t feel the crushing weight of hopelessness. As they sat around their second hand table in their simple little kitchen and talked of all the new possibilities for them to try and enjoy, the different ways they could give each other pleasure and their plans for their relationship moving forward, Tony just thought one thing.
All the little and big things Tony had done for everyone showed just how much Tony was able to care. The thing was that he did it so nonchalantly, to the point of indifference, that it never registered as the gift or kindness it was. Bucky was skilled at hiding, but Tony had mastered the art of hiding in plain sight. How many people actually knew the real Tony Stark?
That had been six months ago. Barton had shown up not long after. Tony suspected Romanoff had something to do with it.
Steve let the hot water rain down over him in his shower. He was exhausted; mentally, physically and emotionally exhausted from everything that had happened over the course of the day. It had started out as any other morning, a continuation of the day before, but everything had changed in a matter of hours.
“Here,” the shorter man commanded in an accent that wasn’t quite German, or maybe it was.
*mio famiglia-my family
When Steve finally removed his fingers, Bucky broke away begging. His voice broke as he whined, “Please, please fuck me. Hold me and fuck me, Daddy.”
“Are you really about to explain Ohm’s Law to me?” Tony snapped before taking a calming breath. “Look, I know you don’t believe I have a right to be here. I know that, to you, I am not qualified to work on this project, but that is not up to you. I obviously earned the right to be here.”
Yes, he would hope because, honestly, he could use all the help he could get, but he wouldn’t just sit back and rely on it blindly.
***Sanctum Sanctorum 9:54 a.m. October 3, 2014***
Tony was playing a dangerous game, and the part of Steve that wasn’t being driven crazy at the moment loved it because Steve was tempted. Oh God, was he tempted. He could feel the energy thrumming through him. He had felt it building all day, and he just wanted to release it. He’d wanted to run and jump and punch and…
“No,” Steve answered honestly, “I’m not even supposed to be here right now. Don’t know what’ll happen when we make it back to camp.”
They ate their meal, talking and laughing as they enjoyed each other’s company. None of them mentioned that Bucky would be leaving soon and would be gone for a few months. They spoke about what they would do until then. Tony had promised to put off work these next few days so they could all spend the time together. They planned what meals they wanted to share, and how they would go and get photos taken of them together. Tony only wished they would be allowed to look like they were
Bucky nodded. “It’s true, honey. I think so much has happened to you that you just learned to act like you were OK
Useful and a hard worker, Steve thought.
Tony felt his own tears form in his eyes. He knew this was coming, but that hadn’t really prepared him for it. This had always been history to him, a sad story that happened long ago, but now it was
“Of course, Tony,” Bucky told him. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“I only smile after I shoot someone, Stark.” The man said gruffly. “Are you volunteering?”
tellin’
Even with the shirt only half-way up, Bucky could see a lot of scars. Some were older than others, especially the fine jagged ones that were scattered below his ribs. One was very thick and deep red, peeking out from the middle of his shirt. Bucky had made himself focus only on the cut he was tending to.
Before Tony knew it, a year had come and gone for him in this century. A few months later, he recreated their first Christmas. Only this time they had all decorated the apartment weeks in advance, and Tony had hung mistletoe at several places in their home. Yeah, he was officially a sap. He just liked their kisses, OK?
“Being around me hurt you.” Bucky said sadly. “I knew it did, but I didn’t know the reason behind that hurt. I was too empty to understand what it was doing to you.”
Tony’s fingers once again found that spot inside of him that was so sensitive, too sensitive after coming so recently, and began his assault all over again. Steve’s nails dug into the muscles of Tony’s upper arms as he groaned beneath him, biting his lip and grinding down into Tony’s fingers.
“Of course I do,” Tony agreed, “I fell for the two of you, didn’t I?”
“That’s just how you said it when I fucked you!” Tony chirped lightheartedly. He loved messing with Steve. “Besides, Bucky’s not wrong. You’ve gotten into at least three fights since he left, and it’s barely been three weeks.”
“Not as hot as watching the two of you,” Tony said as he undid his pants and pushed them and his boxers down in one go. “I’m so fuckin’ lucky. You two naked in bed and waiting for me.”
“It won’t be perfect forever,” Tony told him, “but I promise the next few decades will see such a growth in prosperity for this country. Businesses will open, not close. Homes will be built, not foreclosed on. It’s simple economics, baby. I’d be happy to teach you. The next decade will heal this country.”
“Yes,” Tony nodded with relief that Steve seemed to accept that. “I told you that I intend to follow you anywhere. Even though I can’t finish it right now, it just makes me feel better working on it. I can’t fully explain why, but I have to do this, Steve. I have to,” Tony all but pleaded with him to understand. He needed to have this ready.
Again. He’d admitted to things he’d never voiced before, had never allowed himself to dwell on to begin with. At least Steve and Bucky didn’t seem too bothered by his outburst.
“You already have,” Tony assured him.
They were in a cage, a giant cage. Through the bars he could see other cages filled with more men. He saw the uniforms of other countries. British, Canadian, and Australian soldiers were also there among the Americans. A lot of them looked as if they’d been there for a while, far longer than Bucky who was just waking. His men…
“You’re always such a charmer, Anthony,” she murmured dangerously. “I’ve heard of your silver tongue. If you wish to keep it, tell me where my daughter and her fool husband are.”
It looks at the arms of the weapon. It looks at its own arm. Functionality: Near Critical-Maintenance Required
. It’s not just from before the war, the ice or what Hydra did to you. You were my hero every day after those things because you never gave up. There was always a piece of you that they couldn’t touch, couldn’t break. Even when you couldn’t remember me, you
“OK, beard,” he said in his best Al Pacino voice, “say hello to my little friend.” Badass Tony Montana Stark is about to give himself a shave.
“Then I’ll be back soon,” she said before leaving with a little wave.
Bucky took a slow breath and moved his finger to the trigger as he saw one of them reach down to grab the abandoned pack. The group of explosions blasted many of the men apart and threw several others to the ground. Bucky had taken the last of their grenades and attached their pins to tripwires that would pull and detonate once the pack was moved. Before the remaining men could recover, Bucky opened fire.
“Yeah, it was fine,” James conceded. Tony actually thought he sounded bratty. “But Rowling’s ending was perfect! Why mess with it? Did the script writers just need something to do?”
Tony opened his mouth to say that Bucky could walk around without his shirt more often, but caught himself just in time. Yeah, that probably wouldn’t be taken very well, and Bucky would end up giving him a black eye for Christmas.
Tony leaned over and slid his hands under the hem of Steve’s shirt, slowly moving them up and spreading his fingers across the smooth skin of his flat stomach before gently running his nails down to the top of his pajama pants. Steve shivered again. “Tony-“
As the man turned back to look Steve in the eyes, he felt like he was hallucinating. There was respect there, and pride. The man turned and asked Agent Carter about faith as he walked away, but she was still looking at Steve like she had missed something.
“Oh, God, stop.” Steve groaned and threw a potato peel at him. “You’re worse than Bucky.”
It took Tony three seconds to realize what he’d just confessed as he heard both of their shocked inhales.
Tony’s chest clenched around his heart. He knew what this would mean to Bucky, how it would affect him. Bucky was a doer, a provider. He’d dropped out of his last year of school to help support Steve. When they’d had no friends or family to help them, Bucky had worked himself half to death to feed them and keep the roof over their heads. Because of that Tony knew Bucky wasn’t worrying about himself, he was worried about Steve. Who’d been sick again since Thanksgiving and had needed a rather expensive medicine to recover with.
“You couldn’t have known,” he corrected. “I meant this as a surprise.”
“Don’t darling jewel me, Tony!” Pepper sounded like she was ready to reach through the phone and kill him.
Before Tony could find his voice, Joe spoke. “Ready for another beatin’, shrimp?”
I love a hopeful ending! Poor Tony had to sell his favorite suit, but I think he found it was worth it to buy coffee. It's a temporary fix until he finds a job, but it's a start. Again the clothing prices were what I found while researching. Note that the amount of money he got for selling his things would normally be what he'd have to pay to buy them. But because all of Tony's things were high quality, he got more than someone else would have in his place. Eight pagers were totally a thing, and I love the thought of Steve making money by basically drawing porn.
“Love you, Tony.” They answered together, then all three drifted off to sleep.
Banner’s white coat made his skin itch, made his mind flash with thoughts of electricity and pain and syringes. Bucky hated that white coat. A lot of bad people wore white coats.
“That’s why I’m bringing him,” Steve nodded at Tony.
There was a pause before Bucky answered. “Steve. Doll, please don’t be mad with me. I call
Suddenly, Steve felt metal fingers grab his chin before they forced his face to look down and meet Bucky’s eyes. Steve’s vision was blurred, but he could see that Bucky looked angry. “Don’t ever let me hear you say that about yourself again, punk, or I swear to Thor and his whole family that I will beat some sense into you.”
Dum looked stricken as Bucky watched him force himself to move back and away. As Bucky turned to look at the guards, they seized both his arms roughly before hauling him from the cell. He was pushed along by their tight grip, but he didn’t struggle. There was no point. It would only make the pain begin sooner, and he knew there would be pain.
**Avenger’s Tower**
“You saw?” Tony asked, worried.
It only made the time they had together more precious.
Howard sighed, “But I can respect you for them. You were right about you being the person to call me out on my shit. So, moving forward, I will try to remember that what you are saying is because you are a good man looking out for a soldier’s well-being, and not because you are trying to undermine me or steal this project from me. Does that sound acceptable to you?”
“The same eyes,” Erskine corrected but kept his tone light. “You have the same eyes. It’s a remarkable coincidence to be sure.”
Tony’s phone rang. Ozzy Osbourne’s voice filled the space.
Steve looked relieved at hearing this.
. Tony’s words were a constant reminder over here.
“You’re
Hello lovely readers! I'm back with the chapter I promised. Real life has been wearing me down at work, it's a busy time of year for us, so thanks again for all of your patience and support. Every comment makes me smile. You guys are the best.
“Well, I’ll be able to answer that question a little better after I have my meeting with the Colonel,” Tony told him because it was true. He knew the Colonel would want to question him, and the outcome of that discussion would decide what he did next. “I promise to let you know as soon as it’s done.”
“No gals for us, right Sarge?” Dum answered for him, and sometimes it was uncanny at how perceptive the man could be when he usually went out of his way to be an idiot. “I’m a lifelong bachelor, and Sarge here’s been known to play a little fast and loose. What about you, Jones?”
“So, you were really sent to rescue your good friend, Captain?” Monty asked.
“At least you’re dressed the part,” Steve said as he looked at Tony’s black stealth outfit, or it was as close to one as Tony could manage with civilian resources.
“I wanna hear every detail about it after you leave to walk her home.” Bucky waggled his eyebrows as Steve rolled his eyes behind him.
At that thought Steve decided to snuggle closer against Tony’s side. His arm moved up to brush along Tony’s chest as his hips ground lightly against Tony’s thigh and he hummed in his sleep. As if in answer, Bucky turned toward the sound and reached across Tony’s chest to find his lover’s hand. It was too much.
The rockface beneath him was unforgiving as he lay stretched out on his stomach. The rifle pressed against his shoulder and supported by his hand had grown warm from his body heat. Around him the wind blew through the cracks in the stone as a bird flew by, a temptation to break his concentration. Bucky never moved. His eyes and total focus were trained on the clearing below. Soon they would come.
Bucky agreed with that too, and he liked how Tony described them.
“Roll over,” Tony said darkly as he pushed himself back to tear open the foil wrapper and roll the condom on. Tony hissed as he quickly lubed up his dick, and Steve snapped out watching him to follow his orders and roll over for him.
Also, Tony got eucalyptus because when vaporized in an area, it can: boost the immune system; help with allergies, headaches and sore throats; improve respiratory circulation; fight bacterial, viral and fungal infections; reduces pain and inflammation.  Sounds like something Steve should have around the house.
“Holy Fuck,” Tony breathed out before he crossed the distance, grabbed Bucky and kissed him hotly, cutting off the sound of surprise the other man made. He sucked on his bottom lip, licked at it with his tongue before letting his teeth run across the plump flesh and taking a playful nip as he pulled away. “I’m crazy about you, both of you. I just never thought you’d want me back.”
young, so young and full of life and fire that evil men would try to extinguish in the most brutal ways imaginable.
Tony shifted awkwardly. “It’s just a holiday surprise.”
Silence followed his statement until Gabe said, “Wow, in that case I just wanna thank you for coming for him.”
**^**
“Who the hell is Bucky?” Tony asked, playing the part.
“Look, Anthony,” Howard said as he went to a small chest in the corner of the room and pulled out two bottles of a local brew. “I just want to clear the air about some things while we’re both too tired to argue.”
“I can actually picture that,” Bucky said. “I thought you worked in a factory, though.”
“And the Italian?” Bucky asked, repeating Steve’s other question.
Yup, it burned. Tony gritted his teeth as he waited for the pain to recede to a dull roar. Bucky grabbed several pieces of gauze and covered the gash that had restarted its bleeding. He then grabbed the freshly laundered sheet Tony slept with and ripped it into long strips. Bucky carefully started to wrap it around Tony’s waist, hands moving under his back to catch the fabric and bring it around again.
Bucky was already up and getting the leftover bandages he’d placed on the dresser. He brought them to the bed before turning back to grab the empty glass Tony had used last night and left the room. He heard the tap run from somewhere in the apartment and figured Bucky was refilling the glass while Steve was still hovering over him waiting for Tony’s permission to lift his shirt.
Steve turned his head to hide his face in Bucky’s hair. “I haven’t felt this helpless and hopeless since you fell from the train. Crashing that plane into the ice was a relief after that, knowing that I wouldn’t have to go on living my life with the guilt of not saving you. What if Tony feels the same? You know he’s going to try to protect us, and because of this damned curse, he’s going to fail. What if he takes the same way out that I did?”
about him now, he had just refused to think about it. He couldn’t, not if he wanted to keep whatever sanity he still possessed.
OK, just breathe, loyal readers. Breathe. You are probably wondering "what the fuck!?" This was one of the reasons I debated on visiting the future. It all would have been explained at the end without me looking like a monster. Just remember that I do promise a happy ending to this story, I swear. I know that cliffhanger was a bitch, but honestly you should know better by now. I can't resist. Be assured that more will be explained in the next chapter along with a deeper insight into the effects this is having on Steve and Bucky once this discussion is out of the way. I just ask that you trust where this is leading.
“It’s not on you, doc.” Tony told him. “And it couldn’t be avoided, right? We had to meet. I had to prove that I belong here. Now it’s over, and we can plan for next time. So, what do you need consulting on? Let’s work on figuring this out while we avoid unraveling history.”
He probably should have struggled harder with the respect thing because Philips was not amused. A few of the surrounding officers and soldiers looked like they expected a bomb to go off.
Strange’s wife was Umar’s daughter?! Was he still high from the coffee? Should he already know this or was it a secret?
“What happened?” Tony and Bucky asked at the same time.
Their dates had noticed their missing friend, as well, and asked if the two wouldn’t mind walking them home. Apparently, they all shared an apartment together.
“Not anymore,” Bucky told him in that too honest way he did now. “That’s alright Steve. I know it’s not because I make you unhappy. At least, I know that now. You worry about me, and I know that you should. I also know that it’s not a bad thing that you worry. You’ve always done better when you had someone to take care of. It brings out the best in you.”
Of course Tony had known that. He nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve blushed but didn’t look away, and that was promising. When he spoke, God help Tony it was in his Captain voice. “Because I want to top you. I want to know what you like and what you want, then I want to make you beg for it. I want to hear you moan and watch you squirm when I give it to you. Do you trust me to give you that?”
Steve watched Tony secure the clip and put Bucky’s hand into the rope handle, but there seemed to be a debate going on that Steve couldn’t hear properly above the noise of the destruction around them. Finally, Bucky all but shouted, “No! Not without you!” And Steve knew what the problem was. The whole place was coming down, and Bucky wouldn’t leave Tony behind. Steve couldn’t blame him. He hated being on this side without them.
Steve appeared from behind them and sat in the empty seat next to Bucky. “I’m glad you approve because you and Tony are my first choices.” Steve sighed. “I didn’t know this was what being a real Captain was like. I just can’t deal with any more reports and paperwork.”
Tony pulled back his head and made Steve turn to meet his eyes. “No, Steve, you’re not a performer. You’re a fighter. You’re a little punk with a piss and vinegar attitude, and you don’t take shit from anyone. You prove people wrong.”
“You alright, Mister?” But Tony was already walking away, walking fast as if he could outrun his thoughts because this couldn’t be happening. How? How…
“He used to boil everything.” Bucky said without thinking, and five sets of eyes turned their gazes to him. It felt like a spotlight had fallen on his seat. Why had he said that? How had he remembered it? But as he watched Steve’s eyes sparkle in happiness at Bucky’s addition to the conversation, he decided to keep going.
Steve looked panicked as he got up and hovered over Tony. “What’s wrong? Are you in pain? Do I need to get the nurse for more medicine?”
“They sound like remarkable men,” Bruce said over his empty plate. The other’s around the table had also finished their meals.
bottles of Chardonnay in the center of it. He recognized the label and was surprised; it was a good one.
“Move.” Steve said against his lips as he turned them, never fully breaking the kiss, and began to walk Tony back toward the bedroom with Bucky grabbing hold of Tony’s hand to be pulled along.
“Thank you, baby,” was all he said as he pushed up off the bed and went to get what they would need from the dresser. He sometimes hated that they had to use condoms. He wanted to feel his lovers, but the use of the Vaseline kind of added to its necessity. They might have been monogamous with each other and didn’t need to worry so much about STDs, but the nature of their lube meant that it was too quickly absorbed into the skin. So they used condoms.
“I’d love to, Mr. Stark.” She was beaming.
“Poor bloke,” Monty whispered above the groans and angry cursing of the men who’d been beaten. “I wish him a quick death.”
“You should probably tip better,” Steve chimed in his sassy voice. “I’m not your damned waiter, Buck. You can make your own sandwich.”
“You need to lose that accent. You’re supposed to be Captain America, not Captain Brooklyn. This show is going to travel all over the country, and we don’t need you sounding like some Irish punk from the street. Get rid of the drawl and remember that a lot of words end in G.”
“You should be resting,” Steve said, even though he was the one who looked exhausted. “You’ll heal better if you rest.”
The sound of their laughter was a sweet relief after the painful scene he’d come home to. As they walked out to go to the boys’ favorite pizza joint, Tony felt settled. Their revelations had soothed a lot of his worries. They honestly liked him, liked him for himself, not because he was Iron Man or the fact that was rich or famous. They wanted him around, wanted him to stay.
Dum Dum smiled as he lifted his pack to move to the next body. “I’ll do better than that, Sarge. We make it back, and the first three rounds are on me.”
Steve felt like he’d been punched in the gut. Where were they moving him? Had he failed? He turned to quickly begin packing his few belongings into his duffle. His mind whirring with unanswered questions.
Tony turned and continued up the stairs, leaving the others to look at Bucky like he could explain this. As if anyone could really explain Tony to someone. Bucky shrugged helplessly and motioned them to keep moving.
“I’d honestly be surprised if you could do even that.” The man didn’t miss a beat. “In all my years in the army, I haven’t met a big brain who could properly get his hands dirty.” He turned to Erskine. “No offense, Doc.”
“Steve and Bucky are the best people I know, too good for the likes of you and me.” Tony tightened his grip on the throat again as his voice dropped to a deadly purr. “That’s why you’re never going to speak to them again. In fact, I suggest you avoid them at all costs because they don’t need to deal with the shit that you bring to their lives.”
A few moments passed as Tony listened to the two of them panting before Bucky spoke. “Thank you, doll. I needed that so much. Love it when you take over for me. Love that filthy mouth.”
Tony chuckled. “A lot of new things can, I suppose. Give it time, you may change your mind, but the label isn’t important. What we are to each other is.”
They were both dressed in running shorts. Steve’s were navy blue with a
Tony reluctantly chuckled. “I think he’d give you a harder time over the outfit.”
“How could you tell?” Steve asked, knowing full well how observant Bucky was.
“Of course I do.” Steve took the small risk and kissed him, letting every ounce of affection he could pass through it. “And I love you. And I love us. I wouldn’t change it or you.”
“I’m glad to hear it. This is my new acquaintance, Tony…”
“I can’t, Steve.” Tony told him. “As far as I know, the beds are still pushed together. You know how news travels around this neighborhood. Someone is going to come by to check on me, and they can’t see me in one big bed. This is fine for now.”
Steve blushed and kissed him back. “I, uh, I kinda enjoyed watching you with him,” he mumbled, “but we could try some other things too. That thing you did to Bucky with your tongue…”
His date, Lucille, hadn’t so much as batted an eye when the two groups had met outside the hotel. They’d struck up a conversation and hadn’t stopped talking since. They’d discussed their favorite artists, the styles that influenced their own work and their favorite subjects to sketch.
Bucky moaned and clenched around his finger before relaxing. “More. Please Tony, I need more.”
“I wasn’t.” Tony smiled a little sadly. “You don’t get to be a kid and go to college when you’re fifteen. Playtime is wasted potential, at least that’s what my father said. Anyway,” Tony clapped his hands once, breaking the moment, “how about we take this to the other room? We can listen to the radio and play some cards.”
“Pack your bag. You’re being moved.” The older military man told him. “Join me outside when you’ve finished. The rest of you as you were.”
Steve was trying. The words chopped short through his gasps, but he was getting it. Bucky, encouraged, joined in as he continued rubbing soothing circles.
Bucky might have said that he didn’t need his daddy as long as he could have the sweeter moments with his honey, but Tony refused to let his boy feel anything less than worshipped. Both of his boys.
OK, so Tony had channeled Samuel L. Jackson’s performance in Pulp Fiction for the last guy, but at least he didn’t shoot them like the character he was imitating. “The path of the righteous man…”
“Tell me you need it,” he commanded hoarsely as he fucked his hips even harder, pushing Bucky further and faster into Steve. “Tell me you love it, that only I can make you feel this way.” He needed to hear it. He needed to know that he was just as important to them as they were to him. That this was more than sex. “Tell me how much you love me.”
“Yeah.” And only Steve could look that embarrassed and smug at the same time.
“Just a few more weeks, and he’ll be home.” Tony said, reassuring them both. “Why don’t we work on a reply so it will be ready to mail in the morning? Then we can plan that day together I promised you. I’ll take you to the museum in Manhattan. You can look at the art while I look at you.”
Steve wasn’t familiar with the term, but the description sounded right enough. Steve got off on every moan Bucky made. It was a heady feeling knowing he could give him pleasure like that, and sharing that with Tony? Listening to the things Tony said as he’d softly dominated Bucky made Steve just as aroused as when he said those things himself.
Bucky began moving toward him, walking fast, and Steve rushed to meet him in the middle of the room. Steve hesitated when he stood before him, looking unsure of what to do or if he should touch him, but Bucky reached out and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and buried his face in the blonde’s neck, shuddering when he felt Steve’s arms wrap around him and return the embrace.
“Bucky,” Dugan said, leaving protocol behind as he looked at him. “I know you don’t want to be thanked for this, but you’ve given us a chance. Me and all of them know it. If we make it back, it was because of you. That ain’t nothing to us. You’re doing the best you can, and we appreciate it.”
James nodded, though he was still wearing that signature scowl. Tony had seen pictures from the war. He knew the man before him used to smile so easy. He’d been dashing, and it had shone through grainy black and white photos and newsreels. Tony wondered if he ever smiled anymore. Tony hoped he could see that one day.
Bucky shrugged feeling very uncomfortable. “I just remembered I knew someone who was in the circus. He was a strong-man.”
“Do you love, Tony?” He asked in a voice Steve couldn’t interpret.
And that was that. Colonel Philips turned and walked away, leaving Steve alone and confused. He sighed heavily and opened the door to find an almost empty barrack.
“Christ, what I wouldn’t give for beer,” Dum Dum muttered. “It wouldn’t have to be a good beer, just any beer.”
“Born and raised. You been there?”
Steve was writhing on Bucky’s chest and stomach, arms and torso trapped under the brunet’s bigger limbs, he was unable to do anything but swivel his hips. His constant stream of moans and pleas for more cranked Tony’s arousal just as much as the sight of Bucky filling him as he looked down.
“Like him? Ehh…” Tony wobbled his hand back and forth, “But yeah, I trust him. He’s saved the world a couple times. He’s earned it.”
“How can I?” Steve sassed as he shook off what had been said, “You’re takin’ all the stupid with you.”
Steve nodded, still smiling. “As close as I could get to what you described. You said it was your favorite dish growing up.”
Bucky was the one who answered. “Stark, because it’s usually last names used in action or reports, but there has to be other guys in the army with that name.”
“He won’t be around to say anything. We both decided it would be best if he was the one to leave.” Tony said solemnly. “He packed his bags, wrote a goodbye to his wife and left his key with me to give to the landlord. It’s just as well, I was meaning to speak with him about our rent situation. I’m pretty sure I could work out a trade with our rent for doing maintenance on the building.”
“Look at me, Tony.” Steve said dejectedly, still drained from the asthma attack. “I know what I look like. I’ve always been small. Most dames are bigger than me, and I’m half the size of most guys. The fact that I went to art school doesn’t help. Or the fact that I’ve never had a steady gal. The neighborhood doesn’t help, either. There’s a lot of stuff like that around here, an open secret.”
“Did you feel powerful not three weeks after I met Steve and you assaulted him on his way home from church? ANSWER ME!” He snarled.
He fought against the pain in his own head and delivered two quick uppercuts to both sides of the torso, thinking he heard a rib crack as the first one landed. Joe staggered back a few more steps, and it was all Tony needed. Tony stepped forward and to left and kicked out, Joe’s knee making a satisfying pop as it connected. The man cried out as he fell sideways to the ground.
“I know your arm is giving you trouble, Buck, but don’t worry, we’ll get it fixed. Are you sure it isn’t hurting you? Nat said some of the nerves in your shoulder could be affected with the damaged wiring.”
**Bucky’s POV**
Bucky continued to grind against his hip as Tony poured out all of the emotion he could into his kiss with Steve. He needed to reassure his baby boy that he would be alright, and they would be the reason for it.
“Small sips,” Steve told him as he directed the straw to Tony’s dehydrated mouth.
“Hey,” Tony stepped closer to him, “Do you trust me, Steve?”
“How did he do that, Steve? I mean I can fight sure, but those moves he did, I’ve never seen anythin’ like it.”
Tony smirked, forgetting himself he said, “You be good for me, or I’ll have to spank you again.”
“I said that
“Steve,” Natasha said evenly. “is Anthony Sutton who I think he is?”
“Shocking. Okay! Okay! I’ll shut up!”
“I’m grateful. I really am,” Tony assured him, “but you already have a brain for your lab. Howard’s got that in hand, and you don’t need two of us there.”
One of the truly wonderful things about Steve and Bucky was they never really questioned all of the money that Tony seemed to have. They just knew he’d made more than them when they’d lived together, and he had because of all his jobs. But…
“Stark,” Tony finished for him, sincerely hoping this wouldn’t come back to bite him in the ass. He hadn’t planned on giving his full name if he could help it, and the look of speculative surprise on Erskine’s face only reinforced that previous desire. Had the man met Howard yet?
Steve scrambled to obey, trying to turn himself on Tony without letting his cock pull free. Tony didn’t know whether to reward or punish him for that. Maybe both. As Steve finally settled on his knees facing Tony, he grabbed the blondes hips again. “Hands behind your back.”
Tony felt like a spectator at a tennis match as his head moved back and forth between the two lifelong friends as Bucky kept up a series of questions he must have been waiting to ask Steve since puberty began.
“He usually gets two. “James said proudly. “Quite the imagination this one’s got.”
“Really?” Steve asked hopefully.
“You remember a couple of weeks ago when I had that big job in Queens?” He asked, and they nodded. “You remember when I came home that evening and told you all about it, and what had happened after?”
Tony sighed. “Look, I have the money, and it’s not like I’m going to be using it when I have to go off with Cap. I know it’s awkward that I’m even offering, but, well…You just got out of a living hell, and who knows what you’ll be doing next? I’m going to a hotel, and I’m going to make Bucky and Steve get a room there, too, because he’s been through enough without having to sleep in an overcrowded tavern or military base or whatever.
Steve snorted. “You’re not gonna drop this, are ya?”
Mortar exploded in front of them as gunfire began to ring out in the distance. As one, Bucky and the men closest to him began running for cover. Fires were already beginning to catch and burn, lighting up the ground they ran across. He could see some of the other men falling as enemy bullets found their mark. As he ran, Bucky saw the man beside him hit with mortar fire as his limp body flew to the ground.
“I got a promotion,” Steve told him lamely. He couldn’t explain here in front of everyone, and it wasn’t because he didn’t want to give up command. He wasn’t sure that he should just be telling everyone that he was part of a top-secret military experiment. So, he just used his eyes to silently beg Bucky to leave it alone for now.
“Shit!” Steve practically hollered. “Yeah, Bucky, your mouth is so good, so hot and wet. You’re tongue’s fucking perfect. So good to me, lettin’ me fuck your mouth.”
“Oh, I’d love to,” Tony teased, “but I’m waiting on a pretty little blonde to meet me here. I promised an evening out together, but,” Tony slowly ran his eyes down Bucky’s body, “maybe you’d like to join us?”
Sam came up from behind them holding a stack of plates and syrup before he placed them on the table. “Not much is known about the Commandos from before the war. Most people focus on their careers after they met Cap. It’s a shame because those stories are some of the interesting parts.”
Tony understood the reasoning behind it. They hoped that without the money from trade, as well as supplies, metals and oil, Japan would have to reign themselves in from their expansionism. The two countries’ negotiations were going nowhere as Japan proudly stood their ground. Tony knew where this was heading, and it caused him many sleepless nights.
“Scene?” Bucky asked, and Tony turned to him. “Like in a movie? Is that why you call it a role?”
September brought another cold reality that hit Tony like a slap in the face. The government instituted the first peacetime draft in the history of the country. The Selective Training and Service Act required all men between the ages of 21 and 45 to register for the draft. Tony, who technically fit the requirements and had long ago acquired forged identification documents, went with Steve and Bucky.
The blonde nodded and said, “Of course, Tony.”
Tony gasped, he couldn’t catch his breath. “He’s going to leave…and I can’t...I can’t…breathe…”
Tony looked at him. “I can’t guarantee it, Bucky. It depends on a lot of things; how far the scene goes or if you reach that level of endorphin release. We can absolutely discuss this further if that’s something you think you’d want, but I felt like I should at least bring it up since you are a submissive with two possible tops.”
Tony chuckled, shaking his head. “Hardly, I’ve slept on rocks, while freezing my ass off by the way, last night was heaven compared to that.” He took another bite of toast, lamenting the lack of coffee, but he wasn’t about to bring it up. He didn’t
“Back at you, Spangles,” he grinned as Steve shook his head.
From where he sat, Tony said, “I like that guy. He was spunky in the prison.”
have made a few harmless investments along the way. It was nothing overt, just enough to keep them comfortable and make sure their lives went easier, and Tony had been putting it to the side. He liked to think of it as a retirement fund. Recently, he also may have used the money from Steve and Bucky’s army pay to buy some stocks in their name. It was nothing that would do them any good right now, but in the future when this was over and behind them…Tony sometimes wondered if he was kidding himself with that, but he had to keep trying. He had to keep planning. Because there had to be a future.
!” This still didn’t make sense to Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, we appreciate that you feel like you have to work right now,” Steve started, “but please just take it easy for a bit and let us take care of you.”
Steve then leaned over and ran his fingers against Tony’s cheek. “Color, Tony?”
He needed them so badly. He wanted to keep them here with him forever and just forget about everything and everyone because nothing mattered except this, looking down at their sweaty bodies, feeling them under him, around him. They were all he needed.
Tony opened one eye to glare at the younger man. “That’s not funny, Steve.”
Was it the sex? Maybe Tony liked sex more than coffee.
both.”
He never let himself wonder for too long because wishing never got anyone anything. If you wanted something, you worked for it, no matter how difficult it was. His ma had taught him that. Steve should have remembered that when it came to Tony. He’d resigned himself to loving him quietly and wishing things could be different. If it hadn’t been for Bucky, who knows if he’d ever have gotten his head out of his ass?
want to be with us? What would he say if he found out about me? About the things I want? The thought of havin’ him then losing him is worse than never havin’ him at all.”
Joe was huffing out breaths through his nose, and his muffled curses fell flat against Tony’s palm.
Bucky nodded as Tony continued. “Then I have to make the trek to Councilman Shaw’s home again. He was so happy with how I fixed his car, that he wants me to take a look at their washing machine. Apparently, his wife has made some complaints, and he wants to know if I could give it look. Said he’d make it worth my while if it made his wife happy.”
“I tried talking to a colored girl once when I was a teen,” Dum admitted, and Bucky suspected that Jones shared his surprise at that confession. That was not a widely approved of notion and was illegal in most of the country. New York was one of a handful of states where mixed race couples could marry, but it was still looked down on by almost everyone. “My old man just about tore my hide raw when found out.”
without their precious Iron Man.”
Bucky had to admit that he liked Clint more today than he ever had in the past. He didn’t know if that was because he was more human, or because he was seeing the better parts of humanity in Clint. Either way, he would take it. He didn’t want to feel like shooting the guy all the time, after all. That feeling had gotten old months ago.
“Ok,” Steve said reaching behind him and pulling out an envelope, “you win. Here’s your letter. If I make you wait any longer, you’ll starting serenading me.”
“Bucky!” Steve’s voice broke through the one in his head. “Love, look at me.”
Poor Bucky, but at least he has Steve to remind him of the goodness that was always in him. Steve Rogers's Heart of Gold™ to the rescue.
“Touché,” Tony conceded, “but you are the most honest of the three of us, so I don’t know what that says about me.”
that I know them
Steve sniffed as he looked at Tony, gripping him this side of too tight as he tried to control his emotions.
Probably both.
“No, Tony,” Bucky said firmly, “You’re one of the least selfish people I’ve ever met.”
“Tony, please,” he politely corrected the man, “and you can ask me anything you like. I may decline on answering the question, but you can ask anything.”
“Thank you, my friends,” Francesco said thickly. “I am truly lucky to be here and know such good people. Not everyone is happy with my home country right now. Some days it is difficult.”
. Hell, this morning I didn’t have two coins to rub together, and I still brought home the bacon. Literally. Like James reminded me, I fix things. It’s what I do. I’m Tony fucking Stark.”
wanted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve was going to ask what Tony meant but stopped as Tony climbed over him to straddle his hips. When the other man grabbed Steve’s cock and raised himself, Steve gripped his hips suddenly without thinking. “Tony, no, you’re not ready. It’ll hurt you.”
Bucky sniffed as Steve said, “You know he would. He would be so proud, love.”
Steve’s head whipped around to him. “You did a hell of a lot more than that!”
James, no
“There is also a consequence to this.” Tony told him seriously. Consequence? All he could think of was how the neighbor had overheard them. Was Tony worried they’d be discovered again?
They sat there for almost two hours, talking and laughing and getting refills. Tony was having the most fun he’d had on a date in a long time. The thought stopped him cold.
“You might be a genius, Tony” Bucky said from the doorway across the room, “but that was the dumbest thing you’ve ever said.” He walked over to the bed before he continued, “I’m sorry that other people made you feel like that. No one deserves to feel like that, and they were missing out ‘cuz you’re a great friend to have.”
“It was perfect, beautiful.” He whispered with sincerity. “That’s the only way to describe it. Perfect. As for what I’m used to, this doesn’t even compare to that. It’s not even close. You gave me more than what I wanted; you gave me what I needed.” Tony felt the urge to cry again and pushed it away. “I have never loved anyone or anything as much as I love you and Bucky. Feeling you both inside me, and trusting you the way I do? Even I don’t have words for it.”
Natasha nodded. “I don’t think many people talk about him, but I don’t know why.”
“I’m teachin’ dance classes at the community center!” Bucky said through his grin. “They’re gonna pay me to dance!”
“I lost my job.” His voice was so small, almost in shock. “They laid off ten of us.” He squeezed his eyes shut and hung his head, ashamed.
“That sounds perfect.” Steve said. “I don’t know what most of this stuff is, but the smell of the food cooking in the kitchen is mouth-watering.”
That’s when a fist connected with the side of his face. It was a sloppy hit but was still backed by enough muscle to leave him dazed. Not wanting to be a stationary target for another blow, he dropped to one knee. As he drew his fist back, he let his pointer and middle finger knuckles protrude like Nat had taught him and struck out at a nerve that ran along the upper thigh.
“Wow, really?” He asked excitedly. He had wanted to go but didn’t know if his partners would agree since Tony hinted that he’d already made plans.
before getting up to get the last bottle. Steve just shook his head.
“All eight of ‘em.” Steve nodded. “He paid me thirteen for the lot. I can pay off Dr. Fields now. At least until I get sick again.”
Of course Bucky obeyed, and Tony didn’t have much choice but to moan at the sinful swirl he made with his tongue. He soon felt Bucky start to push his way into Tony’s partially loosened hole, so he did his best to mimic the movements with Steve. Pointing his tongue he pressed against the ring of muscle. He continued his thrusting movements until he finally pushed past it and into Steve.
He was quietly shaking as they spoke to him, and oh, he needed to focus his eyes. His lids felt too heavy for that, but he somehow managed. Bucky was soon able to focus on a pair of warm brown eyes that creased in a smile.
“You’ve never treated me like I was weak.” Steve repeated. “I don’t want you to hold back if we’re together.” How much would he want? How much could he take? Bucky had always joked that Steve liked getting hit. Steve didn’t really, not if it was getting punched in the face, but he did always push himself to his limit.
“More,” he groaned. “More, sir.”
Steve actually believed him. The man was hardened from his job, but it was obvious he cared about the loss of life. Steve, however, couldn’t believe that this was the end of it. He couldn’t, not Bucky.
“I know that I would love either of those things, but I also need to know what you like. What do you not like? Is there something I should know never to do?” He looked from Bucky to Steve and back again. “For instance, I’m good with being on top or bottom, though it’s been a while since I bottomed, and usually I take control then, too. It’s a thing with me.”
“Well, I’m off.” James sighed as he rose to his feet. “I hope Old Man Talbot’s in a better mood today. I think his wife must be makin’ him sleep on the couch. He was always a prick, but these past few days…” He ran a hand back through his hair. “…it’s just a whole new level.”
“Are you alright, Bruce?” Natasha asked as she went to look him over.
“Glad to see you eating somethin’, Sarge.” Dugan said to Bucky before he turned to Steve. “The supplies and rations have been collected and distributed to the groups that were assigned. We are ready on your order, Captain.”
Tony looked at the younger man. “I gotta keep swinging. I’m too stubborn to quit.”
“It’s OK.” Bucky continued, misunderstanding Steve’s silence. “Being queer’s not illegal now.”
Steve looked at him. “We’ll sneak aboard the last truck?”
Bucky stood up front the couch and looked down at Steve with clenched fists. “If that’s what you think then why don’t’ you…”
“You’re so good for us, love.”
It just seemed so taboo, but it had turned Bucky into a desperate mess. Steve really wanted to know what that felt like. Definitely, not maybe.
Steve finally spoke. “There’s no way of knowing that, Tony, and you’re exhausted. It’s late, and we have to be up early in the morning. I promise that we’ll find out more about Bucky tomorrow. Maybe when we get to the camp we can find someone who knows about the 107th. I’m sure they’ll have someone who can tell us something. Hell, maybe we’ll both be surprised and see Bucky there or someone who’s seen him.”
Steve just motioned inside. “It’s the least I could do.”
“This is where your trust in Steve and me is so important.” Tony told him before he looked to Steve.
As Tony moved from the shadows to meet Steve, Jacobson noticed his presence at last.
When they went to leave, Francesco flat out refused to accept Tony’s money, something he was quite unaccustomed to. He did, however, allow Tony to leave a very generous tip for Gianetta. She had been lovely, and Tony was quite certain she’d caught a glimpse of his hand on Bucky’s thigh at one point when she’d entered the room, though she made no comment. She was flawlessly professional and kind.
“Are you kidding me?” Tony couldn’t believe it had taken him this long to figure it out. “Both of you?”
A very big basis on Tony's time travel was adapted from a B-movie I watched over ten years ago called The Sound of Thunder, or something like that. I only saw it once, but it was about the consequences of changing something in the past. The present wasn't immediately changed. Instead, the disturbance of each thing that changed sent ripples into the present throughout the movie. Each ripple caused more changes, but each change took time for it to reach the present because it affected so many other little things along the way.
Screw this, Bucky thought, he’d had enough. If the man wanted to be an ass and talk about his personal business, Bucky would give him a reason to keep some of his thoughts to himself. “I didn’t fuck him, Barton.” Bucky said pointedly. “He fucked me, and it was fantastic. Do you wanna know what I liked to call him?”
Since Tony understood French, he didn’t need Gabe’s translation of Derneir's surprise at Bucky being able to make the walk, or his asking about the injuries Bucky had received after he’d been taken away. Bucky had needed the translation, though.
“Me and Steve agreed that if you were ready, I would top you tonight so that everything is gentle,” the other man told him. “He’s going to help me pamper you, cherish you like you deserve. Is that alright, sweetheart?”
He saw the smile in Steve’s eyes and felt his lips quirk into a small grin. “I love you, too. Thank you,” he breathed. “Thank you for making me feel better, and…” He took another breath before finishing, “…for saying those things. I just…I’m so tired of being told I’m not good enough. That I’m weak and…”
It didn’t know what was alright. Why did they keep asking it that? Alright had never been part of maintenance or missions. It couldn’t tell them to alright the arm for the maintenance needed. It tried to comply, but it didn’t know how. What was alright? There was functional and malfunctioning. There was success or failure. There was punishment or lack of pain. It had no frame of reference for it being alright.
Bucky was nodding in agreement, anger pouring off him in waves, as Tony continued. “How can he say that shit? And why is it always queer this and queer that?”
Steve’s head whipped up, and his eyes flashed. “I’m not hiding.”
“You might wanna think before ya speak, Williams.” Dugan’s normally cheerful face was nearly as red as his hair. As Bucky looked at the others who’d gotten up in anger, he noticed most of them had Irish surnames as well. “There’s a lot of Irishmen here who wouldn’t be too sad if you went missing in action.”
Steve, resigned that this was unavoidable, handed Tony the sketches.
Bucky felt something hot in is lower stomach at the thought. And for once he didn’t push it away. What would it be like to be with Tony? Would he be the same in a relationship as he was as a roommate? Would he be the same in bed? Would he take care of Bucky like he was special and…precious? Bucky’s dick twitched at the thought.
He gave a humorless laugh. “Always. Never better.”
After that show they had packed up to move closer to the front. Steve sat with Tony in the back of the transport truck with the other men from the tour and the soldiers sent to escort them. The girls were in their own truck with the remaining soldiers while the production supplies followed them in a third.
“Glad it amuses you,” Steve said in a deadpan voice, but his eyes were playful. “So, if you’re right, and I get to pick my team, do you think these guys will do it? They just got away from the front, and none of them have to go back.”
we know, isn’t it? Everyone has a different point of view.” Tony said, and the man looked to interrupt so Tony just raised his voice a little and continued straight on through. “I mean, I could swear that I know that you,” he pointed at Byrne, “are fucking the butcher’s wife while your own wife is hard at work supporting your sorry ass.”
Steve’s control finally snapped at that as he bucked his hips up.
Steve stayed close to his face as he began to speak. “You
The inside of the restaurant was charming and cozy with accents of Italian art and architecture. Candles lit the tables as two musicians played softly on a violin and Chittara battante. The sweet Italian melody just added to the atmosphere. Several tables were already occupied.
There’s the sassy little shit Tony knows.
“Bucky, you’re home already.” He sighed in relief. “That’s good. I thought you’d be at the enlistment office all…”
The door opened, and he followed Erskine into the large room. Tony was in a weird sort of emotional limbo. He was comforted by the setup of an engineer’s lab. The tools and machines and schematics were familiar to him; however, the knowledge of who he was meeting in here made it impossible to enjoy the effect of the room.
Steve looked back to Tony, who gently smiled at him, and grabbed his hand, lacing their fingers together. “No,” he said, returning the smile. “I’m not complaining.”
“That’s the only promise I need, Buck.” Steve told him.
“Good morning, sweetheart.” Tony whispered.
Steve and Bucky smiled at that.
Bucky felt his brow pull down in confusion. “No, I mean do you want what you had before with him? Do you want Tony to be your fella again? You know he would make you happy.”
“Or the other way around. I’m not really choosy about bedsides.” Bucky was still looking at him incredulously. “Or, I mean, I don’t have to join you. I just thought it’d be warmer.”
Also see narcissistic, self-destructive and hedonistic. He’s working on that though.
“Of course you got distracted, Tony, it’s what you do.” She sighed, “I’m killing myself trying to run your company. I don’t think having to sign a few papers every week or so is too much to ask of you.”
They looked at him. And looked. And looked.
Steve looked at him in disbelief before he burst into laughter. Tony smiled at him, pleased with himself for getting the reaction. Steve shouldn’t be worrying about some idiotic dame when he could be here with Tony laughing at his crude jokes. That’s just what he did, too.
Erskine looked at him knowingly. “Destiny can indeed be very powerful, Tony, but so can love. From what I’ve learned, it is a power that can’t be controlled, a force that can’t be stopped if it is real. Another power that is far more fragile and easily broken, but just as powerful, is hope. Do not give up one of your sources of power, Tony. Sometimes hope is all that saves us. Keep it close to you next to the love in your heart. Use it like armor. Make it your weapon.”
Then, they’d arrived and gotten to tour the war-torn countryside of Europe. It had reminded Tony so much of those bombed out villages in the Middle East that he’d tried to help in his early days as Iron Man. The rubble, the looks on the faces of the people who’d had their lives destroyed, the children who had never gotten to be children because of the things they’d seen and lived through, it had all been too familiar.
Steve agreed, but he also could see that Bucky didn’t want to talk about it here. “I’ll pull through, Tony,” Bucky told their worried partner as they locked eyes.
That Tex Avery cartoon Bucky and Tony mentioned was indeed the iconic Bugs Bunny. It was in fact the famous rabbit's very first appearance before he was eventually given his name. I watched the cartoon for research, and oh boy, has Bugs come a long way.
Tony’s mind grinded to a halt because no. It couldn’t be because the odds were astronomical. How did he keep stumbling upon important historical figures of this era? At this thought Tony swore he felt a phantom itch on his hand, but he dismissed it as psychological stupidity as he released the German scientist’s hand.
He’d also gotten them both copies of
He continued.
Steve exhaled like the air had been punched from his lungs, his eyes blown to almost black at the sight of Tony fucking the man between them. He looked down at Bucky. “Can I Buck? You want him to fuck you onto my cock?”
“There will be no threat when I have accomplished my goal.” Pride, thy name is Umar. “Your presence is not required, Anthony Stark. Return to your drabble of heroes. Surely, they are
“Yinsen?” Bucky asked softly, correctly guessing at the name Tony had called out when he’d woken.
Tony chuckled and changed tactics. “Then let me prove I can do more than wipe up the shit around here.”
“Just fly the damn plane, Howard!” Tony yelled, never taking his eyes from the map.
thicker than before, and as his tongue moved against Steve’s, he firmly wrapped his hand around Bucky.
“You’re not a monster, love.” Steve told him softly. “You’re my everything.”
“You gotta be dumber than you look, chump.” Joe answered as he took a step toward Steve.
Tony's issues with being x-rayed were justified. X-ray imagery was dangerous when it was being established. The long list of brilliant and talented people who died during their research and work with the technology is proof of that. I'm talking horror stories, guys. Like cancer that grew so violently that both arms were amputated in a failed attempt to save their life, horror stories. And while it was safer by the time in our story, it was far from perfect, and Tony has issues with outdated tech on his best days. Also, the plaster casts would have been very heavy and debilitating, so Tony's sense of panic is understandable. How can you escape from danger when you're basically covered in stone?
Shit! It would be dark soon, and he had nowhere to go. There wasn’t even a cigar store Indian around so he could steel its poncho. Tony tried to focus. It was 1939, the tail end of the Great Depression. There had to be some kind of kitchen or shelter he could go to. Then, he realized even if there was he didn’t know where it would be. He could ask someone, but the stupid prideful part of him balked at how humiliating that would be.
Climbing the stairs to the apartment was tiring, and he felt every freshly healed bone protest over having to support him up to their floor, but he could only bring himself to lean on Steve so much. His bones could just groan all they wanted.
“Steve…”
He felt Steve’s hips circle above him as the blonde murmured, “Tony…don’t promise me.”
As he removed the tape from his hands, Steve called out, “JARVIS, is Bucky awake?”
It had the dank feel of a basement. The walls and floor were two different kinds of brick and was lit by an eerie greenish light. Down the way from them, a small man emerged from one of the green-lit rooms carrying a briefcase and coat. As soon as he saw them, the man took off running, and they immediately gave chase. As they passed the room the man had come from, Steve stopped.
His blood had run cold as Bucky told Steve they were going to the future, and really, who says that about an expo? His sudden thought of how they survived the future decades made him misspeak and make a stupid slip. He needed to get it together. Tonight was important. So, he’d rallied himself and slipped on his charming smile, talking at full speed as he’d begged any deity listening that he’d get through this evening without incident.
“I’m still hard.” Steve said dumbly because it was very evident that Steve’s erection hadn’t flagged at all. “Is that normal?”
Tony tried to deflect. “If you are suggesting that magic or whatever is real then you are…”
He looked up, and there stood Steve and Bucky, open mouthed and looking stunned.
Steve released Bucky to Tony’s care as he held his shield in front of them. “How do you know me?”
Steve was horrified. Tony’s shoulders, waist, hips, hell even his calves where Steve had grabbed him to move his legs at one point, were already forming a fresh pattern of bruises and popped vessels.
“Is he alright?” Bruce asked with concern.
“I told him he should at least try,” Steve continued with the story. “And after a little bit of talkin’, he had no good reason not to go ask.”
“Bucky, come on! There are men laying down their lives. I got no right to do any less than them. That’s what you don’t understand. This isn’t about me.”
“You,” was all he said as the guard moved to open the door.
He licked and sucked the skin beneath his lips, slightly salty and all Bucky.
Tony decided he couldn’t take anymore and went home well before noon. As he walked into the apartment, he saw that Steve and Bucky were sitting on the couch staring at the radio.
“And you think that bothers us?” Steve asked incredulously. “Yes, I’ll admit that a lot of it shocked the hell out of us, but Tony, we were really only worried about
“Yeah,” another one said, “He looks like a fruit. Like all them queers on Henry Street.”
“The president is about to speak.” Steve cut him off.
The wall is full of…metal people? Observation determines them the Ironman weapons. There are several, each with varying details. But they are…interesting? It looks at the face plates. Smoothly crafted, non-expressive, functional. It looks at the chest piece.
Bucky was gone. He had left the previous morning as the fog still clung to the streets of Brooklyn.
“Am I interrupting?” He asked as he went to grab the already open bottle of wine from the icebox.
“No more than usual.” Tony wondered if Steve could hear the sullen tone in his voice. “Like I said, I get sick a lot.”
“So, Barnes,” Monty began, “how are feeling? You surprised all of us by marching the entire way, but I dare say that you pushed yourself to do it.”
“To celebrate your first day up and about o’course.” Bucky rolled his eyes. “It was fun. Stevie and me went shopping around for the ingredients after he sold his sketches. We even found some pretty good wine for the sauce.”
James smiled at his answer and looked at Steve. “Sounds like someone else I know.”
police officers. I’m friends with most of the business owners in a ten block radius. I recently made a deal with our landlord to officially take over the maintenance of this building in exchange for our rent. Somehow, I’ve managed to become a respected member of this community, while you are a piece of shit who does nothing but use his wife.”
“Deal,” he said quickly. Thank you American Pie Dream.
Tony had decided to buy Bucky a stationary set with a quality pen engraved with his initials so that he would be able to write to them when he went to boot camp. Bucky had promised to write as much as he could before he kissed Tony in thanks. He had gotten Steve a similar set so he and Tony could write back to their love and remind him that he was missed.
“Tony,” Bucky looked angry, but it was the kind of anger a person feels when they were scared. “He could ruin us. Even if he didn’t make a case about it and tried to have us commited, he could ruin us in this neighborhood.”
Steve abruptly stopped laughing, looking horrified. “No, that’s not what meant! Not at all, Tony, I was laughin’ at Bucky.”
Steve didn’t understand what the man meant as they stopped in front of the door. He was just trying to keep his mouth shut and avoid insubordination.
“Thirty-nine?” Steve actually sounded shocked. “But you, um, you look so…”
Alright is to not be upset, hurt or confused. Alright maintenance is something it allows to happen.
The first thing Tony noticed besides the darkness was that he was lying on the ground. The second thing he noticed was that it was dark because his eyes were closed. The third thing he noticed was that he wanted to vomit.
What had that crazy bitch done to him?
He broke the kiss, gasping for air as he rested his forehead against Steve’s. “You gonna let me take care of you too, beautiful? Let me show you how I much I need you, appreciate you?” He asked quietly.
Steve just continued next to his ear. “You always ask what we want, always worry about us. What do
“You’re perfect like this, Tony.” He grunted as he slammed into him. “The perfect toy for me to play with.” His hips thrust back and forward with every other word. The feel of Steve’s long cock and the words he spoke just pushed Tony further. “Fuck, the sounds you make as you take us.” He twisted one of Tony’s nipples as he angled his hips just right and
“So, about running the test again,” His words were carefully restrained, almost stilted, as he continued, “We can focus our attention on regulating the voltage by going over the amount of maximum resistance that will be required to prevent the current from damaging the person in the chamber should our safe guards fail. That way we’ll be able to…”
Steve frowned a little as he slowly got to his feet looking uncertain. “If you’re sure, Tony. I mean, we don’t mind if you wanted to be comfortable. You really should have a bed to sleep in, and it gets cold in here .”
Tony didn’t hesitate as he sassed back, “Then I will kick that guy out before the ink is dry on his papers and never let you forget it.” He grabbed the older man’s shoulder. “Seriously, Doc, from everything I remember hearing about this, when you see him and hear him, you’ll know.”
“Of course, Captain.”
“Come any closer, and the next one will be between your eyes, psychotic freak.” Tony told the man as he pulled back the hammer of his pistol.
It was nice, he thought. It reminded him of the night of Thanksgiving after he’d woken from his nightmare and shared his pathetic story with them. The support surrounding him on both sides, the affection that was so palpable he felt like he could literally breathe it in. But now it was laced with something else, something he had a hard time defining.
“Strange?” This time it was James that spoke. Twice in one morning. He was quite the chatty Cathy today.
“They should,” He told her in a mock serious tone,” I started that rumor myself and would be disappointed if people didn’t believe it.”
Translations
There was no answer except the ringing silence. He knocked again more firmly.
“We all have them. Mine are just a bit more colorful than most.” Tony tried to downplay.
Bucky smiled tiredly at him as his eyes drooped close. “Love you, too, Tony. ‘as so good.”
“Bucky, I…”
As he walked into the kitchen space, he saw Tony at the table pouring flour into a large bowl. He grabbed two eggs as he looked up at Bucky. “Pancakes good with you?”
Bucky’s breathing sped as he closed his eyes and followed the memory. Tony and Steve had forced him to be still as they took turns taking him apart. Their hot, wet mouths and slick fingers moving around him and in him while he was forbidden to come. They’d brought him to the edge over and over again until Bucky was a crying desperate mess.
“In here.” They called together.
He saw that Steve understood his reasoning as the blonde finished removing his shoes and socks. “I didn’t think that far ahead,” he admitted. “I just wanted you to be comfortable. I’ll get you some pajamas to change into, then I’ll move the beds back apart once you’re dressed.”
“Breathe, honey. You can do it. Just breathe. Like this, can you feel me?”
He’d also gotten them two new shirts and a belt for each of them because it was nice to feel good about what you wore sometimes.
“You help
“Oh god,” Steve groaned. “This is not what I meant.”
“I’m not lettin’ that happen, Buck,” Steve promised him before they both caught sight of Tony walking back over to them.
“Of course, Mr. Sutton, let us know if you require anything else,” the man answered as he handed over the I.D. card and last key to Tony.
Tony relaxed at the affirmation. “I love you, too. Both of you.”
“Sir!” Steve responded as his heart raced.
He watched as Steve’s eyes grew wet, and he felt his hands move to cup Bucky’s face in his palms. “Is that what you think, Buck? Is that what you think I see when I look at you? A damaged murderer?”
. People who like me. People who owe me favors. People who would doubt the word of a man like him who could want me gone because I knew his little secret.”
He placed the bills in Byrne’s hand, “So don’t ever let me see you around here again because I will make sure it is the last time I see you.”
heard Barnes make a joke.”
Tony shrugged flippantly. “It’s all good, doc. Really. I had worked myself up so much over this meeting, and it was all for nothing. Yeah, Howard’s an egotistical jackass. I guess the same could be said about me, but after that conversation, I know that I’ll be able to handle him. He’s not the Howard I grew up with, not yet. It’s…” It was rare that Tony struggled to put his thoughts into words. “It’s something I know I can deal with. Howard taught his lessons well, and unfortunately for him, I can beat him at his own game now. He can’t…He can’t get to me like he used to.”
Steve and the men around him watched Tony go toward another group where a few men seemed to be bandaging the wounded. Once he was gone, the men turned to look at Steve expectantly. An Asian man with a gun resting against his shoulder asked, “What now, Captain? What are your orders?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony tried his best to move forward after that day. He tried so hard, for Steve and Bucky. They didn’t deserve to be dragged down by his fears or feel guilty about having to leave him, especially when they didn’t understand why he was so worried. Sometimes in his more desperate moments, he considered telling them the truth, telling them everything, but he knew that would only worry them more because he knew he would sound crazy.
Tony just stood rooted to the spot as he watched a young version of his father casually converse with the good doctor. It was the most surreal moment of his life, and that was saying something. He couldn’t do this. He didn’t want to do this, to watch Howard be this version of himself. He had been witness to it all his life.
“I won’t have to.” Tony stopped him. “I had actually come home to tell you. This morning I went to the hospital to repair one of their ventilators. The chief of medicine was so impressed by how quickly I got it working, he offered me a contract. They want to use me exclusively when their equipment needs repairs or maintenance. I worked it out with him that I’d do all the work they needed in exchange for free health care. For you. Well, Bucky and I would get it too, but that’s just a bonus. Medicine is included, too.”
As Tony was forced to watch from the shadows and bite his tongue at the verbal berating Steve had been enduring for the last hour, the blonde was stumbling through yet another apology.
“Delicate my ass you little punk! You used up all the mustard, too.”
“The only place I’ve been to besides New York is Jersey.” Bucky supplied. “Now, who knows where I might end up.”
Steve’s eyes widened as he twisted and frantically began pulling at the bottom of Tony’s shirt. “Shit! I’m so sorry Tony,” he apologized as he smoothed a hand over Tony’s scabbed abdomen. “Is it bad? Are you bleeding again?”
“He saved you,” Steve finished for him, “and now you live your life helping and saving other people.”
“No, shit.” Bucky said in a dead, drugged tone in the bed next to him. He thinks Bruce might have given him more drugs than Steve had gotten to keep him calm. “I feel like I just got out of a cryo-chamber. My head hasn’t been this fucked in months. I kinda like the Xanax, though. If I focus on that wall hard enough, I can almost forget I’m here.”
The blonde huffed out a breath as he slowly rose from the ground. His small fists were clenched in front of him even as he swayed a little. He spit some of the blood from his lip.
He looked up from the bronzed bird he’d set at the center. Steve and Bucky were gaping at the spread on the table. “Is it right? I tried to go traditional Irish, but honestly some of the recipes I got from the neighbors were well beyond my level of expertise…”
**Tony’s POV**
My great-uncle was fortunate enough to survive Pearl Harbor, and his tour of fighting in WW2. He was an amazing man who sadly passed away a few years ago. But what a life he lived.
“We will need a powerful practitioner of magic, this Supreme Sorcerer you spoke of.” He said gravely. “Even then, I’m not certain how we will fix this, but his knowledge will be greater than my own.”
Tony blinked back tears. “Good night, boys.”
“I just made twenty in July.” Now Tony really felt old.
“I’m almost scared ask what he said next.” Bucky said wisely. “Tony can lash out with the best of them when he’s injured.”
“Oh God, which ones?” Barton asked as he and Sam entered the kitchen. “You’re not using my coffee mug, are you?”
Steve finally spoke. “How did you know he was messin’ around with Ryan’s wife?”
Tony was pulled out of his thoughts as the bus pulled to a stop in the station and soldiers began filing out, desperate to reunite with their loved ones. Tony’s stomach felt empty and warm at the same time.
“You’re so damn adorable when you blush,” Tony said as he ripped open the envelope.
Tony chuckled without humor, suddenly exhausted. “I’m just a former genius, billionaire, hero and philanthropist. Though I guess I’m still a genius for all the good it does me.” He took a deep breath. “In the simplest terms, I’m a time traveler.”
at his bruises and split lip, telling him he was too nice a boy to go fighting those hooligans. They gave him advice to keep the swelling down.
Then Steve started to move. He ground his hips against Tony’s ass, and he groaned as his hands landed on Tony’s chest between Tony’s outstretched legs that were still being held up by Bucky.
Tony smiled and began their steps again. Following Bucky as he’d gently pull to indicate where and how to effortlessly move his partner to keep the steps smooth. They worked  on it for several minutes. Steve would make comments and crack jokes at both their expenses, but Tony was genuinely having fun.
Tony had told the boys how Ryan was fuming about it that day.
“I—thought it had gone through?” Tony said, dumbstruck.
Bucky grabbed the Bourbon from the table where Tony had left it last night when he’d had a nightcap. “This is gonna burn,” he warned.
He felt a presence in the room with him and spun defensively to see Steve standing at the doorway, looking at him with worry etched into his face. Bucky now knew why he hated to see that worry.
“Do you want this, Steve?” He asked as he traced circles on the smaller man’s hipbones with his thumbs. Enthusiastic consent was an important part of foreplay for Tony. “We don’t have to do anything more tonight. I want you to be comfortable.”
“Oh, God, Buck!” Steve groaned, “Don’t start that again. The ending was fine!”
The boys faces broke into smiles, they knew how uncomfortable serious emotions made him. They were sweet like that. As they got up to get their coats, Tony added, “I hope you don’t think this is free, Steve.”
“Tony?” Louise was now talking to him. “Did you want to?” She asked, tilting her head to the dancers across the room.
Then, he thought over what Tony had just said and realized, “He’s part of that project you’ve been working on for the military.”
It didn’t know alright. What was it supposed to alright? It wished they would debrief it on alright.
Bucky tried to think of where to begin to describe his partner. “Well, the man is literally a genius. He speaks eight languages, I believe? So, watch what you say, Dernier, because he’ll know what your saying.” The Frenchman laughed at that.
Bucky looked at the idiot who thought a bowler hat and a helmet were interchangeable and sighed. “Then why aren’t you asleep?”
Tony tightened his grip on the wrist once more, ignoring the hiss of pain it caused, and leaned down so he could speak at Joe’s ear. “If I ever have the misfortune of seeing you again or hear you’ve come back to finish your beatdown on the kid,” Tony’s eyes found and locked onto astonished blue eyes across the way, “I will break a lot more than your arm.”
