Dean and Cas made their way out the front door of the skyscraper they had wasted so much of their lives in already. Neither of them had really kept anything personal in their offices so were fine leaving it all behind without a backwards glance. The future looked pretty bright.
“Oh, come on. I was kidding, man. You’re his nephew! That’s got to count for something,” Dean tried.
“What would your mother say?” John said. It was soft and Dean was so pissed and he could hear his blood pounding in his ears so he almost missed it. Dean froze up. How dare that bastard bring her up? Dean could hear the clinks of bottles as John went back into the liquor cabinet.
Benny glanced at Dean’s bed that was in the same state he left it yesterday morning and his same clothes as yesterday, a now wrinkled Led Zeppelin shirt with jeans.
His brain lost the ability to think of anything except Cas’s tan and surprisingly muscular body. The sweatpants were low and sharp hip bones decorated with more tattoos jutted out from them and Dean wanted to kiss them, maybe lick them and then move towards the obvious outline of Cas’s…
"Haha," Dean said, rolling his eyes even though Sam couldn't see it. “You're a pain but I love you, bitch.”
Dean couldn’t gauge how Cas felt since he kept quiet and waited for Dean to continue so he let out a deep breath and went on.
Cas mouthed at the head before popping off to lick a stripe up the underside and then took the full length in his mouth after three bobs that were only halfway down.
“Not why you’re in my office right now. Why you’re at Lawrence Military Academy. Your father explained it to me,” Zachariah said. Dean swallowed nervously. If this is what Zachariah wanted to talk about he couldn’t really stop him but Dean had done pretty well at suppressing the memory of the whole ordeal.
Dean remembered seeing a rainbow sticker on her laptop the first day they met, a pin on her backpack and a shirt she wore once…
"No stop signs, speed limits. Nobody's gonna slow me down. Like a wheel, gonna spin it. Nobody's gonna mess me around."  Highway to Hell, AC/DC
“And you failed to mention that?” Crowley glared. Meg snickered, earning a glare as well. If Michael was stooping low enough to search for members in the high school, he would have to as well, at some point.
With a new determination to get cracking on philosophy, he marched up to the door of Cas’s house and knocked. After a few minutes, it opened, and Cas stood there in nothing but thin gray sweatpants that left little to the imagination. He looked like he just woke up.
For the most part, the trio of assholes had backed off since Zachariah had yelled at them so Dean could try to be on his best behavior. However, it turned out that the next weekend was no good for a date either because Dean ended up getting another couple of detentions late in the week. Not only was Raphael being a dick to Dean and Cas during exercises, which they could handle, he started picking on Benny and Charlie as well. Dean wasn’t going to have two of his closest friends dragged into the mess with Cas’s family so he kept telling Raphael to shove it.
After classes and before dinner was drill practice. Dean ran into Benny in their room and put on the required, according to Benny, sweatpants and t-shirt. When it got colder, they would wear the sweatshirt as well. Everything had the freaking school crest. Their clothes did and it was all over the school. It was a little much and so was the excessive amount of American flags everywhere.
He had almost just done so and didn’t need to give the smug Novak cause to gloat. The idea of someone walking in, that danger, spurred him on even more.
Castiel woke up screaming in his apartment from a nightmare. It was the first one he had had since he and Dean had slept together for the first time.
Dean worried about Sam and Cas did his best to convince Dean he was safe at Bobby’s. They had never been away from each other this long and Dean hated not knowing. He and Cas had to leave before he went mad with the uncertainty.
Dean noticed the smallest of smiles pull at Castiel’s lips and he grinned, not sure why that made him feel the same flutter as the wrist grab. He stayed for twenty minutes to make sure Castiel actually fell asleep.
Dean looked over at Cas who had pulled the other chair over so they were at the same desk. Dean was more than a little skeptical since the last time they were in this position Cas had got him all riled up and then didn’t help him out. If that jackass thought he was letting him do that again…
“Yes you are,” Cas comforted. He placed his hand on Dean’s wrist to gently coax his hands back down. Dean didn’t think Cas meant anything by it besides a friend helping another friend study but he still felt his cheeks get a little warm when his hands were back on his book. Cas let go.
Cas opened the door to the bathroom. He had a simple light blue button up shirt on with the sleeves rolled up and dark jeans. It was abnormally cool out for a July night in Chicago.
Once he carefully snuck out of the house, he let out a sigh of relief and walked back to his dorm. Someone else was on the other side of the street, walking out of another house, and Dean laughed to himself at their shared so-called “walk of shame.” It didn’t feel as shameful as the last time he walked away from Cas’s house.
Dean got up to get a towel to clean them off before he climbed back into bed, pulling Cas back against his chest.
“Shut up,” Dean said because Benny was still grinning. Benny laughed as he took a drag of his cigarette. Dean did the same.
“I am not,” Cas refuted. Dean looked at him out of the corner of his eye. Cas shrugged. Maybe he had been but he didn’t want to deal with the police.
The two of them ordered pizza and put on a movie that Dean didn’t really pay attention to since he worked on his homework.
When he took the car from Dean, their hands brushed a little. The shock was unmistakable but Dean tried to ignore it. Sure the guy was hot but they didn’t know each other.
The next morning, after only grabbing barely two hours of sleep, Dean looked like crap. Sam and Cas were nice enough not to say anything and they both looked well rested, or as well as could be expected. Cas had made a nice breakfast and forced the two brothers to eat. Sam didn’t complain and wolfed down his plate.
Their faces were about an inch away and Dean’s eyes were starting to close when Castiel interrupted him.
Cas shook his head. They weren’t exactly Cas’s guys anyway but this man didn’t need to know that. He almost asked about the guy’s accent that seemed British but didn’t care enough.
Once at the house, Dean parked in the driveway next to what he assumed what was Cas’s car. It was an old gold Lincoln Continental that for some reason made Dean smile.
The beginning of sophomore year had harder classes but Dean stayed on top of them thanks to Cas. He dragged Dean to the library and Dean grumbled like he used to and would still throw wadded up pieces of paper at Cas when he got bored.
Cas had surprised Dean by stealing him an entire pie from the school’s kitchen which brought back some fun memories.
The next class was English with a teacher named Miss Moseley. Clearly this school was in the habit of hiring teachers that did not take shit from anyone. Dean didn’t even try with this lady. When she had her back turned to write on the board, she always turned back around when Dean thought about messing with Castiel, like she could read his mind. Mostly, he wasn’t in the mood for a possible visit back to that miserable cretin Zachariah so he sat quietly. They were reading a book Dean had never heard of so he just spaced out.
Dean told Cas that Sam’s wife was pregnant. Cas tried to tell him to stop calling him but Dean cut him off. He remembered saying that he wanted to be happy and he asked Cas if he was happy with whoever he was with.
Not so luckily, he walked into a room where he came face to face with Crowley. Dean didn’t know the other two guys in the room. Dean inwardly rolled his eyes at his terrible luck.
“Dean…Cas, what… are you okay?” Sam asked as they walked through the apartment’s door. He was at the table with his usual books and everything but jumped up as they clambered in.
Without thinking, Dean pushed his hips up and fucked into Cas’s hand. He heard Cas make a noise of surprise and looked to see him jerking himself off.
Sam and Cas got along great right away. Their nerdiness helped them bond, Dean joked. John even seemed to soften up a bit. Cas also met Bobby, Ellen, Jo, and Ash who were family although not by blood. They always helped Sam and Dean with anything and had always made sure the boys were fed if John disappeared for a bit on one of his benders.
The next day, he tried to focus on their new batch of classic cars but his mind kept wandering. He lied to protect Cas from the truth for a little longer, but he wasn’t sure he did the right thing.
“I didn’t realize they weren’t open,” Cas continued, “and I certainly didn’t expect to see you here.”
“Why would Benny think we’re going to keep him up all night?” Cas asked when his door was shut behind them. They both kicked off their shoes.
As he kept walking, he heard a sharp cry of “There he is!” from behind him and began to run again without even looking behind him.
A friendly voice that didn’t piss him off or meddle in his life felt nice. He had missed Benny. Thinking of him brought back college memories and memories of…
“I get that you all hate me, and I get why,” Dean started. “If anyone hurt one of my friends the way I hurt Cas, I would want to rip their throat out. But I came here to give Cas the apology he deserves and to show him I’m proud of who he is and proud of who I am, too.”
Dean and Benny stood on the corner, each smoking a cigarette. Castiel opened his mouth to speak but before he could say anything, Dean interrupted him.
“You think you’re funny?” he said in a deep growl, weirdly close to Dean’s face. There were no mixed signals here. This time was definitely a fight.
Cas didn’t answer, instead he focused on putting hate into a glare and roughly snapping his shoulder out of Henriksen’s grip.
Dean felt bad he didn’t talk as much with his brother as he would like but he hoped all of the hard work and sacrifice would be worth it if he could snatch Zachariah’s job.
“Cas, you feel so good, fuck,” Dean groaned, fully seated inside Cas. His hands were on Cas's legs that were in the air.
Finally, he got to Lisa’s and parked out front. He took a deep breath and got ready to deal with Lisa’s wrath.
Cas blinked at his phone a couple times. It was hard to get a read on Dean through texting and now Cas wasn’t sure what Dean was thinking. A year apart is a long time.
Dean titled his head and his face was etched with confusion as his stomach dropped. Did Cas get arrested, was he okay?
He pulled Dean up by the arm and over to the other bed. Cas landed on his back and Dean sort of crashed on top of him. He slid off just enough so Cas wasn’t being smothered but stayed pressed against Cas’s side with an arm draped over his stomach.
Cas invited Anna and she reluctantly came with them. Charlie, Garth and Benny were there and so was Gabriel before he would no doubt go find Kali.
He leaned forward and kissed Cas, gently guiding him onto his back. They got their clothes off in a few minutes and were both hard after a couple more minutes. Dean teased Cas a while with his mouth on Cas’s cock and playing with his nipples before sucking a hickey on his neck. Dean knew where the lube was after doing this so many times and prepped Cas’s hole as quickly as he could before sliding in.
“Because I’m not going to let him boss everyone around just because he can’t handle who you are, okay?” Dean argued, now just as angry as Cas.
When the bell rang to dismiss the class, Dean and Benny made a beeline for the door. Outside it, Benny stopped Dean to ask where he was heading next to see if they had the same class. He had to pull his schedule out of the pocket of his uniform pants to check. As he was looking down, he was slammed into wall next to classroom door, hard.
“We’ve known each other since you moved here for high school. I fell for you without even noticing it and now you want to just dump me? Forget it ever happened?”
Cas opened the door and Dean felt his heart speed up. He was wearing a light blue LMA shirt and semi-tight dark jeans with slightly tousled hair and was more gorgeous than Dean had remembered. His mouth dropped just a little and any rehearsed words he had got lost on his tongue.
Dean started laughing too and kept laughing while he found some paper towels to clean off his hand and the floor.
Dean walked back to his room, smiling. He could get used to telling Cas he loved him, sharing a bed at night and being happy. He couldn’t wait for them to be free.
“Well, you’re pretty amazing yourself, Cas,” Dean smiled. It was a wonderful and warm smile and it was just for Castiel who tried his hardest to memorize it.
They broke for air. Castiel took a couple of slow breaths then opened his eyes. Dean was grinning next to him.
After he packed his two bags, leaving his LMA clothes and uniforms in the drawer, he woke Benny up to say goodbye. He also wanted to thank him for finally getting him to act on his feelings or at least try to.
Cas, without saying a word, moved the collar of his t-shirt just enough to show Dean a hickey on his neck.
They picked Sam up and then got a pizza for dinner. Cas insisted on buying it as a thanks for hosting him as a guest. Both Sam and Dean protested but gave in. The next argument was what kind to get. Dean wanted as much meat as possible while Sam wanted veggie. Cas didn’t care either way so they got a large with each half split with what they wanted.
Several soft knocks, very different from Henriksen’s harsh two, came at the open door when study hours were done. Dean looked up and saw Castiel.
However comfortable they could be in the mansion, Dean knew if they stayed he would essentially work for free. He couldn’t ever move them out even if he wanted to.
“Nice to see you, too,” Dean retorted in a slight yell to be heard. He turned to Benny and gave him a nod to stop the music then back to face their visitor. “What do you want?”
He stepped in front of Cas, looked into those blue eyes he always dreamed about, and grabbed one of his hands.
Dean and Cas laughed again but decided they should cool off. After about ten minutes, they both felt decent enough to walk into public.
“You head to the Cook County Department of Corrections until your arraignment where the judge will set bail. If you can’t make bail, you stay there until the pre-trial as well,” Mills explained.
Dean and his friends were all in their formal military uniforms. They were pretty much like the regular green ones except blue and slightly fancier. They were definitely more comfortable, too. Dean even hung it up overnight to let the wrinkles smooth out. He also spent a little time combing his hair to make it look better than usual and Benny gave him crap for it. Garth’s uniform was a little big on him which made Dean laugh. Charlie had straightened her long hair and had it half up in an elaborate style. The three of them met with Castiel and Gabriel in the hallway and they walked over to the gym as a group. It was where they usually held exercises but would be decorated to make it presentable for a dance.
They slipped into their room and Cas’s mouth found Dean’s as soon as the door shut. Dean went pliant in Cas’s arms to let him do whatever he wanted.
Dean got to the bar early and figured he’d get a few drinks in. He was definitely not sure it was a good idea to get drinks with a guy he found so attractive while in a relationship with someone else and the alcohol would help settle his nerves. Or it would help things escalate. He wasn't sure yet.
Dean was practically begging but he didn’t care. He couldn’t let Cas leave angry, especially not in the middle of the night. What if the guys who beat either of them up found him and Dean wasn’t there to protect him?
Dean realized the weight of what he said, implying a second date, so he just continued to write on the receipt, now beet red. Cas smiled shyly and drank some of his water.
He hurried back with a towel to clean them up and Dean wasn’t sure if he should put his clothes on or stay. Or if he even wanted to stay. Someone could see him leave in the morning.
Dean’s eyes went wide, and his dick twitched. Imagining Cas on his knees and bringing him over the edge had been the focus of many of Dean’s fantasies.
At this point, the school’s elderly security guard was heading towards Dean and was clearly sent by the principal who had her arms crossed and a deep scowl on her face. Dean moved away from Castiel, weaving through seats and still singing.
He set the food down and realized he had a good opportunity to adventure a little. Since living in the mansion, Dean had only seen the pitiful servants’ wing, Zachariah’s office, and the kitchen. When he worked with his dad, they never left the garage.
They were breathing hard and Dean wanted nothing more than to fall asleep with Cas but he couldn’t, not yet. He kissed Cas and got up, throwing the condom in the little garbage can. Dean figured that was the best parting gift he could leave this place.
The word jealous caught in his throat. He had kept Sam in the dark but he if some of Cas’s family knew than Sam should, too.
It was true. The usual pink shade of Castiel’s lips were darker and his bottom lip was a little swollen from Dean sucking and biting at it. It wasn’t obvious enough what they did but Dean liked that he could tell, that he marked Cas up just a little. Dean carefully watched Castiel read the note.
"I keep looking at the sky cause it's gettin' me high, forget the hearse cause I'll never die. I got nine lives cat's eyes, using every one of them and runnin' wild."  Back in Black, AC/DC
“I have to go to class. And you’ll be late for work before your classes,” Cas said, kissing him again. “But tonight we have all the time in the world when we get back from dinner.”
The idea of telling his father terrified him but he liked saying that he and Cas were dating. It still hadn’t gotten old after almost two months together.
“We could be happy,” Castiel pressed. “It may take some patience, but we could make this work. I want to try with you.”
Freshman year was officially over and Dean Winchester was out, had a boyfriend he loved and a father who was coming around. One thing John was still hesitant about was Cas’s lip stud.
How could Cas not mention that his family practically owned the company and how could he not get that Dean was pissed? It was bullshit. Dean was half-expecting an e-mail from Zachariah about his immediate termination once Castiel finally spilled. Before this went down, Dean would have admitted he trusted Cas. Now, he wasn’t so sure. Family was important, Dean understood that, but he felt betrayed.
Cas easily took control and kissed down Dean’s neck, careful not to leave hickeys. One hand was in Dean’s hair at the base of his neck and the other traced over his hips towards his belt. Dean ran his hand up Cas’s arm while his other was on his cheek.
“Yeah, well… never again. Shit he sold me was laced with something, man. Never buy a joint from a guy named Don,” Dean said, laughing a little.
Dean stood under the warm water and wrapped his hand around his gradually hardening cock, thinking of Castiel giving him orders and bending him over his nice, new desk with the curtains wide open for anyone to see.
“No,” Dean answered before he sat down next to Benny. He added the “sir” after the pointed look from the teacher.
“Zachariah thinks we would work well together and has assigned us to keep doing the work for this client,” Castiel explained.
Dean bit his tongue to keep from asking what was wrong, he learned the hard way that they weren’t friends. He cleared his throat to let Castiel know he blocked the door.
That’s what his dad said when he came out to him and said he and Cas were together. He just cared about Dean’s happiness. Apparently, he lied.
“I was going to ask you to turn the music down. It’s Sunday and some of us are trying to get work done. It’s against…”
It was the end of the school year and the annual carnival fundraiser was set up. Dean had texted Cas a time to pick him up on a warm Friday night in May and they were set for another date.
Dean had his hands on the counter for balance, eyes wide with panic. Their break-up didn’t end badly, in fact the break-up
They walked inside to a few curious looks, but Cas didn’t look back at him and people lost interest. Dean went to grab another beer in the kitchen and found Benny and Victor talking to two of the girls who had been dancing earlier.
“I didn’t say you could leave,” Castiel replied, leaning back in his chair and looking content with himself.
“Your saved-up allowance won’t get us a new place in a new city where neither of us have a job. If we lay low, wait until you’re eighteen, we can make a clean get away.”
“I do too like sex,” Dean said, not adding he was just more used to it with the couple of women he had done it with.
“Oh, good, he’s gone,” Dean said, peeking open one eye to check the room. He opened the other looked at Cas. Cas got out of the chair to lean over Dean and give him a gentle kiss. His lips were a little dry but otherwise unaffected by everything that had happened.
“So, how’d a handsome guy like yourself end up all alone at this party?” Cas asked as he sat on his bed.
“Are you sure?” Cas asked, feeling his stomach drop. He had feared their meeting would go poorly but he didn’t think it wouldn’t even happen.
Dean didn’t know and he wouldn’t have been able to tell him if he did know. His air supply was being severely diminished by Crowley’s hands. Clearly, Crowley found out that Dean had ratted on him and was pissed. This meant Lucifer probably knew, too. The sooner he got out of here, the better. Turning them both in wasn’t looking good in terms of his life span.
“I’ve actually got news for you to,” Dean said, hands playing with the paper around his beer bottle.
Dean tried to let things cool off between him and Cas so he didn’t try to hang out with him or text him at all.
"I looked round and I knew there was no turning back. My mind raced and I thought, what could I do?" Thunderstruck, AC/DC
Since the company was so successful, they had from a couple days before Christmas until a few days into the New Year to relax and not come into work. It was like winter break from school all over again. Unfortunately, that just gave Dean more time to think about Cas and the last conversation they had but at least he didn’t have to see him. There was no guarantee he wouldn’t punch him in the face if he did. Normally, Dean did stuff to relax since work was usually stressful enough. This was not helping the situation.
“And hey, if this goes your way maybe I’ll repay the favor later,” Dean winked, regaining his usual confidence.
In the New Year, Cas made a resolution. He would visit Dean one more time but with a new idea that he got while spacing out at work. The next time, he was going to say he was Sam. Then Dean would come and talk to him. If it didn’t work, he would give up because if Dean kept saying no this many times to him meant that he really was over and done with him and nothing he could say would change his mind.
He did have quite the black eye since Crowley had found him. He had brought Jake and Gordon and Benny had been somewhere else when it happened.
“I think I have a lot to make up for from the last dance,” Dean said into Cas’s ear. His hand was on his lower back and he could feel the shiver go down his spine. “Dance with me?”
The smug smile on Cas never left and Dean knew Cas knew he made him blush like crazy. It wasn’t fair. He barely had to do anything for Dean to lose his cool.
“Right,” Dean said doubtfully, looking at their joined hands. “So you could add me to your long list of people you slept with. I get it.”
“Winchester, right?” Lucifer commented, sliding his eyes over to meet Dean’s, “Heard a lot about you from Crowley.”
“I, uh, should go,” Dean stammered, breaking eye contact and stepping back. Cas had no choice but to drop his hand as Dean backed out of reach. Now, he looked kind of confused.
At home, Dean panicked. Their move was in a week and Cas had no idea. Dean couldn't keep dragging Cas into his shit. Cas had seen John before he nearly killed a family and saw Dean drop out and struggle in every sense of the word. He didn't take John’s death well.
“My parents tried to drag me to church this morning but I told them I refused. They were pissed but I can go later,” Cas explained.
“Kind of don’t want to talk about that, Cas,” Dean said as he sat across from him. “But it did make it hard to sleep. You?”
They walked back to the school and Cas invited Dean to his room and they split from the rest of their friends and sat on his bed after they threw their coats off and kicked off their shoes.
Cas stormed to the police station to talk to Officer Jody Mills. He thought Dean was going to follow him out of the diner but he didn’t.
It was impossible to hear anything as they made their way through the house since the music was so loud. Dean was almost positive he saw Lisa Braeden in the living room before she disappeared in the mass of people.
"Oh well, I guess we're gonna find out. Let's see how far we've come." How Far We've Come. Matchbox Twenty
Dean threw caution to the wind and figured he had an opportunity to share what he truly felt, what he felt for the first time. He needed Cas to know, needed it as much as he needed Cas inside him a few minutes ago.
He and the guy Dean hadn’t met yet grabbed his arms and dragged him past guests with their hands over their mouths in dramatic fashion. Dean half expected one of the ladies to faint for the attention. Out in the hallway next to the kitchen, Zachariah waited with his arms crossed.
“There’s only so many places you could have gone and come on, it’s me. I’m an awesome older brother,” Dean grinned, sitting on the edge of the bed.
“Dean,” Cas said, in a similarly warning tone that he used when talking to Raphael at the race before he punched him. Dean let go.
The next morning, Dean was in such a good mood that he actually made his bed to perfection. Henriksen was at a loss for words, as was Benny. When Benny gave him a quizzical look, Dean just smiled and said they should hurry to breakfast. Dean knew Cas always beat them to the cafeteria and he couldn’t wait to see him.
“Hey,” Dean said, stopping them outside the diner and catching Cas’s eyes. “It’s okay. Really. That kind of stuff is special to us, that’s all. It doesn’t need to be broadcasted.”
“Relax,” Cas said after he exhaled more smoke. “I didn’t think you’d want people to see you in here with me.”
December came and gradually got later into the month. It was below freezing in Chicago and the lights all over the city were gorgeous but Cas didn’t notice. Despite his nonexistent holiday spirit Cas decided to visit Dean on the day before Christmas Eve. He hadn’t spoken to Bobby or Sam since Dean had been arrested and he didn’t want to. They would probably hate him more than Dean did, if that was possible. Cas’s best guess was that they would visit on Christmas Eve or Day so he wanted to avoid them at all costs. That would just be uncomfortable for everyone.
“Why don’t you worry about your own engagement, Michael, and I’ll worry about Castiel,” Zachariah snapped.
The sarcastic way Benny talked about the group led Dean to believe he didn’t care for them much. Dean understood, they were obnoxious.
talk to Ruby only made him want to talk her more. He regularly looked for her after school and he wasn’t sure why. Jess was still very much a part of his life and he would walk her to her mom’s car then look around for Ruby. He couldn’t explain it but she was oddly magnetic.
“So now what? You drag me back to South Dakota?” Dean guessed. He really didn’t want to make a scene out in front of a shop where anyone could see but he wasn’t about to leave Cas.
Reaching a hand between Cas’s legs, Dean rubbed over Cas’s growing erection. As he did that, he dropped his mouth from Cas’s and kissed down his jaw and neck to nibble at his earlobe and then suck at his pulse point and collarbone.
Since they had all paid, they figured Benny was fine on his own and didn’t think twice about leaving.
He wasn’t sure how long he stayed on the floor but eventually he got up. He walked past the mirror in the hallway and got a glimpse of his face. There were two nasty bruises already forming from John’s fists and marks from where his face had been on the carpet for too long.
Cas flipped Dean over onto his back in a show of strength that made Dean let out a desperate whine. Cas quickly turned it into a kiss while pushing Dean’s legs apart and his knees towards his chest.
Cas called again on Friday afternoon to ask when he could show up. Apparently, Gabriel was letting him use his car which surprised Dean.
“Trust me,” Cas said and Dean relaxed a little. That reminder that he could trust Cas, of course he could, was enough to calm him down so he could breathe normally.
March had begun and that meant they were only a few weeks away from spring break. Dean was hoping for the chance to go home and see Sam. He missed the kid like crazy. It was a scary thought but he wanted his brother and Cas to finally meet so he had an idea.
The Mark of Cain was taken care of sometime later and the Darkness loomed and they were researching, the three of them. Cas had been graciously cured of Rowena’s attack dog spell by Crowley, really to save his own ass, who had learned a thing or two from his mother.
Cas released his hand that had been digging into Dean’s back harder than either of them had realized as they caught their breath.
Dean almost didn’t go. He paced in his dorm room for an hour after class worrying about what would happen. Being alone with Cas was the scariest and most exciting thing to happen to him so far at college and it made his hands sweat.
Shockingly, Mills and Henriksen had been maintaining radio silence since the warehouse firefight. They hadn’t visited about the gun, which Dean thankfully found hidden in the maze of boxes in the warehouse after the cops searched it. The police didn’t mention who they believed killed Adam Milligan either. It was like waiting for a scorpion to strike out and sting and it was unsettling.
Dean’s plan solidified over the next several days. Dean needed to know how much debt John left behind. There would be no point leaving if Zachariah still hunted him for the money. If Dean knew the old miser by now, he knew the guy had meticulous records.
Less puzzling was Meg who laughed at Dean with her haughty friends and tried to trip him. Clearly, she held a grudge.
There were not many more words after that, just Cas bouncing on Dean’s cock with his hands on his chest for balance. Dean took Cas’s dick into his hand to stroke him along with their thrusting, hips meeting in a slap of sweaty skin. Alone in the house, neither were shy with their groans and cries of pleasure.
“Castiel is still family,” Anna reminded her. “We can’t turn him over to Michael and Lucifer for one bad decision.”
“Not the way I love you or the way I think you love me. That’s how you love the person you’re with.”
Choosing a seat in the front row, Dean sat a notebook down on the desk and straightened it out before digging around in his backpack for a pen. He found one and twirled it in his hand, thinking about his father. They had a vicious fight before he left for school and Dean regretted most of what he had said.
The piano played, Dean prepared himself and the drums came in which signaled the transition to the words.
He ran, dropping to his knees in the puddle surrounding Cas and the bag of food that was supposed to be their dinner. He rolled him over into his arms and Cas’s eye fluttered open. Dean felt his hands were sticky with blood and saw it spreading on Cas’s chest from the hole in the middle.
Cas made the humming noise he usually did when he was both happy and tired. Dean thought it was absolutely adorable so he kissed him again. Cas turned his head away from Dean and shifted to get comfortable. Slowly, his breathing evened out and he was asleep.
They didn’t drive far from the race before stopping at what looked like a crappy elementary school with a playground in even worse condition. The whole place looked run down and slightly creepy.
After he finished what he was saying to her, Nicki or Vicki or something like that, he turned to find Castiel. Everyone else from their company seemed to have left.
Dean Winchester straightened his tie with one hand as he closed the door to the conference room as he exited. He was fairly certain the interview had gone well.
"Carry on my wayward son, there'll be peace when you are done. Lay your weary head to rest, don't you cry no more."  Carry on Wayward Son, Kansas
Cas detected a little bit of wary hesitation, almost like Crowley was scared of the cool, almost bored looking blonde man. Dean and Benny tensed as the guys shook hands and Cas guessed the rest of the gang behind them did, too. This man exuded a power and confidence that instilled fear. All he had to do was walk in and it was obvious he meant business. The name helped, too.
Dean took that to mean that they wouldn’t be working together in Cas’s office. Fine. If Cas was going to ignore him, that was fine. Dean was bigger than that and he could get over it.
Henriksen finished writing something on the board and turned around. Benny and Dean both had a hard time not laughing out loud at the ridiculous state of Castiel’s hair.
Once Jess and Sam turned in for the night, Dean wasted no time practically crawling on top of Cas. He whispered in his ear that he wanted to do this all night before he kissed him. Cas kissed back just as eagerly before they quickly moved to Dean’s room. Dean let Cas take control and they had slow, passionate sex.
He could feel the smile not reach his eyes but it didn’t look like Cas took note. Dean would miss waking up with Cas, blowjobs or not. Just holding him… kissing him…
He did it again and then his hand was rubbing over Cas pants and he stopped him, broke their kiss and gently pushed Dean up.
They walked and talked about what they liked most at the Taste of Chicago when Dean suddenly let go of Cas’s hand.
Another five passed and Dean was ready to start searching for Cas since a gut feeling told him to fear the worst.
Dean caught Castiel’s eye and gave him a wink in an effort to throw him off before his own interview then walked away.
“I should have never called you. I should’ve listened to my head when it said leave it alone. But I was still trying to get over you and everything with Sam just made that hard.”
Dean and Cas continued to dance until the song finished. Cas couldn’t believe that being arrested for stealing a car that Gabriel actually stole all those months ago could have led him to Dean but he wouldn’t have changed it for the world. But now he had to do everything possible to hold onto him and protect him from Henriksen and Mills.
Cas thought about it. He wanted to spend more time with Dean and he didn’t mind if this was how they did it.
Dean and Cas were both at a loss for words. Crowley must have mentioned Dean joining the gang to protect his brother but he hoped he didn’t mention his theory about Dean and Cas dating. That was ammo in a very dangerous gun.
“Do you have to go somewhere?” Cas asked, doing his best to use a low, sexy voice to keep Dean from leaving.
Dean took a last puff of his cigarette and blew the smoke into their faces before stomping the butt out under his boot.
It was the Saturday where Dean wouldn’t be allowed off campus. Dean’s teacher, Missouri Moseley, made sure that he, and the couple other kids who this applied to, would stay put.
Dean managed to hold his tongue and not cause a scene for the rest of the night. When the party started to wind down, he found Cas right outside the ballroom. A few guests wandered around, but no one looked at them twice.
Castiel didn’t know what to do. No one told him Dean was back. Sam could have, they had stayed in touch since meeting at the Roadhouse. Or Ellen or Bobby. Hell, Jo could have said something. Surely, they all knew. It couldn’t have been a surprise to any of them that Dean had been released from jail.
Cas watched Dean go and winced when he yelled at the cops to bring it on. Castiel didn’t want the cops to bring it on, he wanted for Dean to be left alone. If only things could go back to how they were before Cas told the truth.
Dean didn’t know where Cas learned this but it was amazing. He did know he wasn’t going to last. Those pretty pink lips and long lashes over those blue eyes looking up at him were too much. Right before he was going to pull Cas off himself, Cas popped his mouth off and smirked up at Dean.
Where was Cas? He had spent the night, or most of it, in Dean’s arms. Dean still wasn’t wearing any clothes after Cas and he…
"Goodbye stranger, it's been nice, hope you find your paradise. Tried to see your point of view, hope your dreams will all come true."  Goodbye Stranger, Supertramp
He should stop because it wasn’t a good time. It would be taking advantage of him if this continued. Cas looked at him with something that could only be described as hunger, his eyes raking up and down Dean’s body.
“Play nice you two,” the big guy instructed simply before leaving again. It seemed weird to Dean that they would still be left anywhere near each other but he didn’t think too hard on it. He was too tired.
“They prefer efficient,” Benny joked with a smile as he opened the door. Dean smiled back. Maybe everything about this place wouldn’t completely suck after all. Benny didn’t seem like a rich douchebag like the other guys downstairs. Dean had been known to clash with guys like that all too frequently at previous schools.
He didn’t know how to voice his frustration without sounding overdramatic since it really was nothing.
“Yeah, but I’m your dick,” he smirked in response, knowing it was lame but not caring. It was pretty difficult to think of anything besides those angry eyes and ridiculous lips right in front of him.
Cas’s response was a quick kiss before suggesting, “No, that was the whole point. Maybe a shower would help?”
“At least I’m good at one thing,” Dean said when they were wrapping up. They were getting ready to walk back from the library for the night.
Dean reluctantly agreed, ignoring the good-looking comment. He didn’t need to think about his roommate’s good looks because he didn’t notice those. For an added buffer, Dean invited Charlie and Benny. What Dean didn’t know, and neither did the two of them, was that Victor had invited them to one of Cas’s parties.
“And don’t think we’ll help you anymore when someone gives you trouble, including Winchester,” Michael said. The three walked back towards the kitchen. Dean stood up slowly.
After the game was over, it was a little past Ben’s bedtime and Castiel pointed that out. He argued but one look from Dean and he went upstairs. Dean followed to make sure he brushed his teeth and turned out his lights.
A couple heads near their table turned and Sam gave him his signature bitch face while Dean glared. He couldn’t believe two of his favorite people turned on him.
Cas took control once the door was shut, pinning Dean against the door. His hips and chest were flush against Dean as he sucked a bruise on his neck. Dean ran his hands through Cas’s hair before Cas grabbed them and pinned them against the door above their heads.
Other teachers caught on to what the principal wanted and began to chase Dean and try to grab the microphone from him but Dean was determined to finish his song and make his point.
“Dean,” Cas breathed, breaking the kiss just for that one breath before pulling him in again and pushing off the plaid shirt.
They remained quiet, simply holding hands, as the iPod switched to a classical song that Dean liked right away. It had a calm beginning but with a powerful background that would occasionally surge through to the front. He had no idea how exceptional orchestral pieces could be.
Dean absent-mindedly tapped his pencil against his book. Instead of reading, he was thinking of how Cas looked when he studied. He always looked so focused and would sometimes mouth the words as he read along. It was cute and he wished he was across a table from him in the library. Dean could sneak a glance while Cas read and smile to himself…
Dean’s hands were sweating as a he held the microphone. Backstage smelled dusty and it was too dark. Everyone was quiet since the show was going on just a few feet away.
Cas borrowed his brother’s old, gold car to go and visit Dean. He prayed it could take him the entire drive out there without dying. According to Gabriel it was a “pimp-mobile” which just made Cas uncomfortable but it was the only way he had to get out there.
“None of you are supposed to be out of your own rooms. Fitzgerald, Bradbury that’s a demerit. Out,” he barked. The two of them scrambled past him silently and out the door.
He sucked a mark onto the angel’s neck as he lined himself up. Dean pressed inside Cas slowly and kept his eyes on Cas’s face to make sure he was okay. He let Cas adjust before gently pulling out and then pushed back in.
The anger Dean had felt before vanished when he saw Castiel waiting, shifting from one foot to the other. He almost looked sheepish and Dean noticed his black eye was just about healed.
So maybe they could try being friends. Friends who had previously fucked and still jerked off using those memories, at least Cas did. He couldn’t speak for Dean and if he did but that was hot to think about, Dean slowly pumping himself over the edge as he remembers the fun they had…
“I know. I’ll catch up with you later,” Cas said and hurried out the door after a very brief kiss, leaving Dean dumbstruck.
Dean, to get Cas to stop staring, pulled him down into a searing kiss, allowing Cas to press his weight down and grind his hips against his own. A groan passed his lips that got Cas to kiss him with more vigor, lip piercing cold against their heated lips, and Dean grew even harder.
“Just your word against one of my squad leaders,” Zachariah said, a creepy grin stretched across his face.
Later that night, Benny and Dean snuck Charlie and Garth into their room. The four of them sat on the floor between the two beds after they shut and locked the door. There were strict rules in place about lights out and staying in your own room but they took a chance anyways.
“I got a text from someone in the other gang and he said Michael’s gang is planning on showing up at Benny’s wedding tomorrow,” Cas explained.
Cas looked over at Dean so he shot him a smile, mouth still of pizza. It was great having the guy back and restoring his grace had put the angel in a good mood. Cas smiled back and almost immediately, the lights in the kitchen began to flicker.
It was a long week of research and dead ends plus they still weren’t sure what they were up against. In an attempt to relax and take a night off, Dean suggested they go to a bar. The case could wait.
The episode ended but they kept the news on as background noise and just chatted. Charlie had seen Gilda a few more times and it progressed well. Dean didn’t have anything to report since he didn’t want to talk about work and not much else went on in his life but he was glad one of his best friends was happy.
Dean looked back at the records and didn’t notice Charlie and Benny share a look behind him. The two of them couldn’t figure out what the deal was between their friend and the platoon leader but it was certainly confusing.
Back for second semester, their old routine continued. Dean and Cas decided to rent an apartment for the next school year and Dean was strongly considering majoring in education. Cas was supportive with every major Dean brought up, but they both seemed to agree education made sense for him.
Dean wasn’t sure what to say but he appreciated that a lot and held Cas closer. If they were actually in love and whatever than Dean wouldn’t cheat. That was an unholy grail he didn’t dare drink from. He had someone who loved him that he could come home to, wherever home was.
“I never meant for this to happen. Please, you have to believe me,” Cas explained. “Dean, I’m sorry.”
There were two weeks of classes before finals and Dean was nervous for them. He wanted to do well but he still wasn’t used to studying. He realized he could actually get good grades for once and he kind of wanted to. “Smart” was usually a word he reserved for describing Sam but maybe it could be used for him, too.
“I didn’t take anyone on a date,” Dean lied. “He’s a friend, we were bored and the carnival was at school. We went looking for girls to hook up with.”
“Keep selling? Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean exploded. Dean and Crowley each took a step towards each other.
The two sat in comfortable silence, looking up. There was maybe a single star to be seen because of all of Chicago’s light and air pollution but it was still nice to enjoy the summer night.
Both of them were on the edge of laughing but kept quiet still as they moved swiftly towards the dorm building.
The five of them talked and laughed. Dean was hyper aware of how close Castiel had sat to him, maybe on purpose but maybe not. Their shoulders and knees were almost touching. The alcohol might have made Dean do something stupid, like put his hand on Castiel’s knee, or even kiss him, if his friends weren’t in the room. He was glad they were there. Just because Castiel had finally let loose a little didn’t mean he would want something like that to happen. The two had literally just started to get along and he wasn’t about to screw it up. It was doubtful he wanted anything like that to happen with Dean anyways. Castiel was a good guy even if he was a little too much to handle sometimes. Why would he want to hang out with Dean at all or do anything else?
“Cas,” Dean said, “now might not be the best… unnh…” Cas had starting sucking on his neck and moving his hips against Dean’s, “the best… time,” Dean continued.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas greeted, bewildered at seeing him. Gabriel and Balthazar went into the diner and Jess went to wait in the Impala that was parked on the street next to where Sam and Cas stood.
That was clear now. After last night and wanting to be there for Dean for the whole Lisa thing, he was positive. Sure, he wasn’t about to tell Dean yet that since it was so soon but he could show him that he cared until they were ready to say it out loud.
“There’s definitely one thing that makes you different than those guys,” Dean said, worry causing him to bite his lower lip.
“Falling in love with you wasn’t supposed to happen,” Cas explained again. “I still love you, Dean.”
Cas’s eyes were wide, and Dean appreciated that he took him by surprise since it was usually the other way around.
As the two of them walked in, Dean was explaining how he knew the owner, Ellen Harvelle, and her daughter Jo.
“It should have been me. I know you wouldn’t want me to say that but if I didn’t tell you to take my jacket…”
Dean sat at the table across from Cas who didn’t look or sound as angry as he should be. Sam pulled a shitty stunt but Dean was no better.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said. “I spoke without thinking. I only meant I need to leave this place before it kills me.”
Castiel woke up with a stiff neck and a sore back on a very uncomfortable mattress that was definitely not his. He sat up and swung his feet over the edge to place them flat on the floor which made his stomach churn at the movement. His dark brown hair always stuck up at weird angles when he woke up so he raised a hand to smooth it out as he looked around.
“Your father has already been informed that you will not be returning to Lawrence Military Academy in the fall,” Zachariah said with finality.
The rooms each held four people. Luckily, Edgar and Jake split off before Dean. He was glad he wouldn’t have to deal with them, at least not yet. There was no guarantee he wouldn’t see them again.
With just a little more experience, Dean was able to have Cas coming pretty quickly down his throat.
“Yes, you know you are,” Dean said through gritted teeth. “This is the servants’ entrance by the kitchen. Typically, for servants.”
“Aren’t you peculiar? People don’t normally talk to me like that,” Lucifer said, even and calm but with an undertone of authority.
“Oh my god, Dean,” Cas said, barely loud enough for Dean to hear. He stared at the ring and seemed to forget how to form words.
“So, does Lisa go on a lot of dates?” Dean asked, trying to stay casual and away from the topic of yoga.
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas said, forgetting about everything else. Dean was holding his chest near his collarbone and when he pulled it away, there was blood. A lot of blood. He’d been shot.
“You know, I joined to keep you safe,” Cas admitted after a pause. Gabriel looked confused. “The night you boosted the car? This was why nothing happened to either of us.”
“Not bad.” Gabriel winked. “Zachariah keeps bothering us for money and we get to tell him to piss off.”
Dean opened his mouth to say something back but didn’t get a chance because Cas dragged him out of the office into the overly bright hallway.
Before checking into a motel room several miles from the apartment for the night, Dean stopped at a liquor store. It was very late now and several less than friendly characters were lurking around inside the store and out. He purchased his whiskey with his fake I.D, a more expensive brand than usual because why the hell not at this point, and walked out.
Cas pressed Dean against the door and held him tight, not wanting to be dreaming or have the moment disappear.
They drove to their hotel to check in and drop off their bags before going back for the game. Dean and Cas went to a couple games when they went to the school but usually got distracted and handsy under their shared blanket.
“Wouldn’t have made a difference,” Dean said with a shrug. “But I broke into Zachariah’s office and I know he’s been lying. I’ve already almost paid back what Dad owed.”
Without a word, Dean sank to his knees in front of Cas. He kissed up his thighs and looked up at Cas whose mouth was agape.
They stood nearby, but far enough to stay away from Cas’s family at the cemetery. Zachariah looked bored and Gabriel held a crying Anna. Hannah stood stoically but Dean saw tears fall down her face.
Unlike last time, Dean had an ally, albeit a secret one. He spotted Castiel in the ballroom and appreciated him in his tuxedo, perfectly tailored, and he looked damn good. Dean suspected he even combed his normally messy hair.
Dean followed Benny up the stairs to their room on the third floor. Their door already had two name plates that read “B. Lafitte” and “D. Winchester.”
Dean couldn’t believe he had been so stupid. He seethed as he yanked his clothes back on. After Cas left, Dean waited until he was out of earshot before whipping both of their glasses from their drinks at the wall. One smashed, then the other, but Dean didn’t feel any better.
Cas lubed himself up before easing inside Dean. Once he was all the way in, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
The same guy had come back on Wednesday and they told him pretty much the same thing, they didn’t know him and they didn’t sell to people they didn’t trust. Dean and Benny both admired his persistence though.
Cas liked the sound of that and found lube and a condom in Dean’s bedside table. He got busy working Dean open, one finger at a time, loving the moans escaping past his lips. The loudest one came when he crooked his fingers, hitting that sweet spot. Cas put his mouth on Dean’s in a searing kiss to keep him quiet.
Castiel hopped off the bed and Dean was about to protest when Cas started to strip. Dean placed his hands behind his head.
Dean let out an annoyed groan before shoving his chair back from his desk. If he was meeting up with that stuck-up snob, he needed his coffee first.
Cas grinned around Dean, pleased by the reaction. He kept one hand on Dean’s hip while still using his mouth and his other hand began playing with his hole. He wanted more than anything to ride Dean.
Dean pulled his head away a fraction of an inch to laugh softly and say, “If you’re getting hands-y, maybe we should move this somewhere else.”
Castiel already had everything he could ever want. He wouldn’t ever need Dean, trash with a rough past, when he lived like he did. And Dean didn’t like him so it didn’t matter.
After drying off and getting into fresh clothes, they got back into bed. Dean pulled Cas towards him so he was the big spoon and held him tight.
“I…” Dean started to say. His hand flew up to cover his mouth and he ran to the bathroom. Cas could hear him throw up violently.
“I will help you. If that means you sell the house and Sam moves here and I work to help out, then that’s what we do,” Cas said.
“Detention. Both of you. And you’re not going into town this weekend,” Zachariah replied in a harsh tone.
Cas sat across from Sam, his eyes on Dean. They had cleaned the cuts on his face and guessed his shoulder was dislocated. His side was probably going to be badly bruised but his ribs didn’t seem cracked or broken.
“We have to go to class,” Cas said breathlessly. Dean made a whining noise and kissed Cas again, a little roughly.
A very confused Sam opened the door and saw the two of them under the sheets together but luckily everything was covered that needed to be.
That was the first word that came to Dean’s mind as he woke up. A lazy smile pulled at his lips as he could smell the pancakes he guessed Sam was making. He was still under his blanket but realized he was cold as he woke up more. His eyes snapped open as he realized what was missing.
After classes, Cas went back at the hospital and brought some take-out for them all to eat. It wasn’t healthy but they had to eat.
“I’m starting to like that word a lot,” Dean smiled against Cas’s lips. Cas laughed as Dean started the car and they headed to Bobby’s garage. Castiel was starting to like that word a lot, too.
“All right, Bobby…” Dean was red all the way to the tips of his ears and rubbed the back of his neck. Cas put all of his effort in not laughing for Dean’s sake.
“Can I go now?” Cas asked quietly. He needed to get to Dean and he needed to go before he said something he’d regret because he was upset.
He slammed back in again and Dean let out a moan he knew someone from their company had to have heard in their room.
Would holding it be too much? He really wanted to hold Cas’s hand but wasn’t sure what his response would be.
"Been dazed and confused for so long it's not true. Wanted a woman, never bargained for you." Dazed and Confused, Led Zeppelin.
He blindly followed the stretcher carrying Dean out the door and towards the waiting ambulance. As he walked, he couldn’t help but think this had to be a dream. How could this be his life? The boy he fell for was in a gang and now had been shot. It didn’t feel real.
Dean took his time, playing with one finger in and out for a while, then adding a second. He got Cas writhing and twitching, cock leaking, when he found his prostate. He pressed along there a few times and scissored his fingers.
“I don’t care!” Cas yelled. “The money doesn’t matter, they can have it for all I care. I won’t stay here and let them hurt you! I’d rather die.”
Dean kept his eyes closed and thought about Sam had said. Cas had apologized, several times, but it was difficult. It was difficult to begin to forgive someone who got him arrested and then sent to jail for a year. Especially if he was still frustratingly in love with him. It was impossible to stop loving Cas and tonight did him no favors. Talking to him, seeing him, just brought all his old feelings back but he couldn’t act on them. It was too soon and he hadn’t forgiven him yet.
“Dean, almost forgot who you were,” Dick said with a wicked, partial smile. That got a few laughs from the gang.
“Fine. Just hate making my bed,” Dean deflected. If there was one thing he was good at, it was avoiding conversations about his feelings or whatever.
“All right, I get it,” Dean said, smiling just a little. He wanted what Charlie described, he wanted that back with Cas, but the guy was still very upset.
“You know, anytime one of those dicks speaks, I get you a little bit more,” Dean said, trying to lighten the mood. “I can’t imagine growing up with that.”
What happened next was a blur. A confusing blur of doors opening on all sides, cops swarming in, people running in all directions… Dean grabbed his hand and pulled him, shots were fired…
Dean considered texting Cas. Since their dinner they hadn’t seen each other but they had texted over the weekend briefly, still moving slowly and becoming sort of like friends again.
“We’ll keep you safe,” Mills reassured him. “We just want you to have another option besides jail. You’re only twenty and like I said, we want to help.”
“Where were you?” Crowley asked, taking a drink of what looked like scotch despite being the middle of the day.
Brushing it off best he could, Dean took in the rest of the ballroom as a distraction. The Novak family members were obvious. They had the best clothes and were the center of attention. An attractive red-headed Novak caught Dean’s eye. She wore an elegant black dress with dark eyeliner and seemed to have a little rebellious streak. A golden-haired young man a few years older than Dean made a group around him laugh and looked like he had a lot of tricks up his expensively tailored sleeves.
“You are so not a morning person,” Sam laughed. “A bunch of us are getting together to study at the library,”
Dean threw himself into studying and felt good about most of them, even calculus. History was his last one and once he walked out of there on Thursday afternoon, he was going to go pack.
Cas laughed at that while Sam made a disgusted noise. He wasn’t sure if Dean would be shy about their relationship around his brother and was pleasantly surprised how transparent he was about it.
“Bobby Singer and there’s no need for that ‘sir’ nonsense. I asked old Zachariah where I could compliment his mechanic. I know he didn’t do shit, man don’t know a fan belt from the engine.”
“Wondering where I am, lost without you. And being apart ain’t easy on this love affair,” Dean sang, easing Cas back against the couch, movie forgotten.
Dean wasn’t making a lot of sense but Cas got the message. He removed his mouth from Dean’s dick, while not stopping his fingers, and licked the precome off his lips.
“Are you sure you want to spend that much?” Gabriel asked as Cas handed over his card. It would be a significant slice out of his account but it would be worth it. He smiled as he tried to picture Dean’s face when he would open them on Christmas.
He sucked down to leave a visible mark while his hips kept thrusting. Dean wanted to be marked, he knew he was Cas’s and didn’t care who else knew.
Dean did just that, thrusting into Cas hard and fast and bringing them quickly to the edge and spilling over. There were times to go slow but Dean couldn’t hold back. Cas was planning a future that included his boyfriend and it was how Dean showed his appreciation.
Cas made a sound of indignation like he disagreed as they walked to the library. He sighed as they got to the doors.
He let go of Sam and wandered over to the bar and downed his whiskey before convincing everyone at the bar to take a shot with him. Sam shook his head and was grateful that his brother had already given his best man speech while decently sober. His older brother’s bowtie was askew and his short hair ruffled. The guy was a mess but Sam let him have his fun.
“Thank you. We can take it from here. I’ll see you at Christmas,” Cas said, shuffling his family towards the door after a rush of goodbyes.
“This is what I’m thinking,” Charlie continued. “Maybe I tell him to come here? And I can let you guys talk?”
It would be hard to have an intolerant family breathing down your neck constantly. Lying to everyone including yourself wasn’t a solution, Dean thought. Being your own person was the solution.
Cas rolled off to throw the condom out before curling up with his head on his Dean’s chest who had grabbed a shirt from the floor to clean them off.
Dean ran into Rufus’s office and asked if he could leave early. He said his head hurt and most of his work was finished anyways so Rufus let him go.
The next week was the middle of January and classes would start again soon. John and Sam drove Dean back to LMA. He didn’t want to leave Sam again but he was glad he could see his friends again. Also, there was someone he desperately needed to talk to. The fact that he had seen Sam and was able to talk to him helped make this easier as well. The kid would be just fine.
On top of the problem with Sam, Dean didn’t know what was going on with Cas. Everything was giving Dean a headache so he walked to the kitchen to grab a bottle of whiskey and went into his room. He drank until he wasn’t thinking about Cas or Sam or anything at all.
“How is this more scarring than when you heard us have sex?” Dean teased. Their faces were apart but hands still in place.
“I mean, yeah I guess,” Dean managed, rubbing the back of his neck again. He never took compliments well because he didn’t believe them, but Cas seemed to mean it. The words plus being naked left Dean feeling pretty exposed.
“Let me finish,” Cas said with a laugh and his head tilted to the side. “Since you’re an adult, why do you care so much about what your father thinks?
He knew it was lame. Honestly, he forgot to text or call Gabriel since he had been with Dean but that excuse wouldn’t make his brother feel better. It didn’t make Cas feel better either, he didn’t think Gabriel would panic like this.
“It’s not that, I do. Kind of,” Dean said, thinking about Sam. But then he thought about his dad and then really did not want to go home. “Long story.”
“I don’t know, I just…” Dean started before rubbing at the back of his neck. “I think I’m scared that’s how my Dad will react, and I don’t know if I’ll be able to stand up to him. But I wasn’t worried about those guys.”
Saturday started out bright and beautiful. Castiel woke up after a fitful night’s sleep, tossing and turning worrying about a brawl, and was all ready to go to Benny’s wedding even if he was scared of what could happen. Unfortunately, it wasn’t for several more hours. He dozed in and out and listened to his music for a while before he got up at around noon and took a shower.
“No, like really mad. Want to kill you mad,” Cas said, looking uneasily at the scary guys still by the pool table.
Dean didn’t bother Castiel and he tried not to think about him much either. He hung out with Benny and occasionally Charlie as well. He got his homework done, made his bed each morning and exercised before dinner with everyone else. It was hard to stomach the routine but it was easier to go with the flow even though it went against every bone in Dean’s body. He still wanted to get kicked out but there was one plus to obedience. The reward for behaving was a bit of freedom.
He wasn’t sure it was the right conversation to have while Cas’s dick was buried in his ass but if that’s was Cas wanted, then fine.
“Um, Crowley’s, Ruby’s, Jess’s, the garage, the Roadhouse… he didn’t go to school either,” Dean listed.
Dean’s stomach dropped and he missed Cas all over again. He pulled out the AC/DC poster he had gotten from Cas and rolled it under his bed. It didn’t feel like just an hour ago he had been having sex with Cas.
Once they did get dressed, they walked out to join Sam and Jess to open presents. Apparently, Jess wanted to avoid her mom’s new boyfriend and convinced her to let her stay with Sam but she would have to go back for dinner.
Dean turned his phone on and kept his eyes down as he heard Gilda say she had to go but gave Charlie her number and a kiss goodbye.
Why would Cas ignore him? Was he embarrassed? Dean knew he was the one that left without saying anything but that didn’t mean Cas had to ignore him. Dean had been... scared wasn’t the word. Dean Winchester didn’t get scared about the thought of emotional attachment. He just avoided it all together.
The guys shrugged and left the kitchen with their new lady friends. After they left, Dean realized he didn’t know where Charlie was and suddenly felt very alone.
The next day, once Gabriel finished being ridiculous and running around the apartment with excitement like the kid on a sugar high he was on the inside, he gave Cas the keys to his car.
“Dean, what is this?” Cas asked, not touching his pie yet. His arms were still crossed and his eyes fixed on Dean.
“My first idea was going to be to ask Rufus if he had seen you but all I had to do was look across the street and there was my car,” John said, crossing his arms across his chest.
Dean wiggled his hips to help Cas hurry up, but Cas wouldn’t let him. He placed a steady hand on Dean’s stomach to hold him down while carefully undoing his fly and began to pull his jeans down.
“I think I know what you had in mind tonight, Cas,” Dean began. “I wanted to take you out to that restaurant but I wanted to do this here.”
Besides Sam having started school, Castiel and Dean followed through on their idea to get their GED’s. Their classes were a few nights a week and it was a pretty big change for them because neither of them had been to school in a few years.
He turned to go and forget he ever asked, and forget what he pictured, but Cas grabbed his hand to stop him.
If Dean had been with anyone else, he wouldn’t have admitted that he kind of liked the movie but this was Cas. Halfway through, he leaned over to whisper that it had been a good choice.
Dean sat to Cas’s right and respected his professionalism. Dean himself felt like he was sweating like crazy and was obvious about what had happened. He felt like it was written on his forehead clear as day. Cas on the other hand remained cool. If he knew something Dean didn’t about this meeting, he wasn’t letting on.
It was obvious that Castiel was the cause of the strange stuff happening but Dean didn’t know why. He stood up and turned the T.V. off before he picked the book back up and set it on the table.
“When Sam called, I knew I would have to see you. Even if he hadn’t planned anything or reached out to me, I would have found him to ask about how to find you. I couldn’t have come down here without trying.”
“Seriously, Cas. Why would you forgive me after all the shit I’ve pulled, everything I’ve fucked up the past couple of years alone?” Dean started. “There is no reason for you and Sam to stick around, let alone forgive me. You should both hate me!”
The two of them only made it to Dean’s car before he backed Cas up to the side of the Impala and pressed their lips together. Castiel kissed back just as fiercely, tilting his head to deepen the kiss.
“I really want to suck you off,” Dean said, hand rubbing the back of his neck. “Every since I had you in my hand, I want to taste…”
Cas knew the hallway wasn’t an option where he would run into Henriksen but he couldn’t stay and have Henriksen find them naked together. Either option would have been disastrous. Cas’s eyes flicked over to the window.
Dean was busy in the kitchen with Ellen and Jo. Bobby and Sam were at the table, Bobby with a beer in hand. Gabriel and Balthazar went to sit on the couch.
Dean felt sick before he even opened his eyes. He rolled over in bed and was glad to find his garbage can on the floor next to him that he promptly threw up in. It wasn’t clear if he himself put it there the night before or if one of his three roommates did.
“All right, Sammy,” Dean said, following his brother inside. He tossed his bag down and started a heated game of Mario Kart with Sam while telling him his plan to come out.
He tucked himself into his pants, put on his suit coat and grabbed his papers. He spared a backwards glance at Cas who hadn’t moved and was looking at him with an unreadable expression. Dean’s cock, though spent, gave an interested twitch seeing Cas with his cock still out and chest still heaving and covered in come.
“All you have to do,” Zachariah continued, “is what you’ve been doing for years. Work in my garage like your father taught you without any trouble and we’ll be fine. Am I clear?”
Before Michael could punch again, he was pulled off of Dean. He sat up saw Cas pushing Michael away as Benny shoved Raphael back as well.
“It’s okay,” Cas reassured him. “I had some fantasies featuring you, too. None of which involved clothes.”
That laugh died in his throat and his smile faded as his eyes landed on Castiel who was behind them. At Dean’s reaction, Cas looked down. Dean turned around and faced forward again.
Dean explained Cas’s last visit and their dad’s freak out and the fight. He also then explained the last phone call he made to Cas and what he said.
“You know, if you’re trying to hide you should pick a spot I don’t know about,” Cas said as Dean lit up. It wasn’t a surprise for Cas to appear and Dean wasn’t fazed.
“It’s a date,” Cas smiled. Dean returned the smile. That talk ended a lot better than he could have hoped and it was a huge weight off his shoulders.
Cas pulled his fingers out. He finally took his white button-up shirt off and then his pants, moving up to kiss Dean and pressing their erections together. Dean could feel his precome soaking into Cas’s briefs.
This particular Saturday wasn’t too busy so Bobby let Dean go at two. He shouted bye to Bobby, grabbed his leather jacket and headed to his 1967 Chevy Impala. As much time as he put into the cars at work, he put about ten times more work and love into this car. Besides Sam, this Impala and their crappy apartment was all their dad really left Dean.
Sam and Castiel got along great which helped Dean relax the littlest bit. More often than not, the two talked about various topics before studying. Hannah only needed brief clarification from Sam then worked alone.
Dean answered by pushing his hips up, hands still tied above his head. Cas slid out only to slam back in. He easily built up a rhythm and was thrusting into Dean with raw lust. Cas laced his fingers through Dean's above his head so Dean had something to grip onto.
Dean remembered what Cas said before about groveling and dropped to his knees. He figured it was the least he could do and continued to speak. There were some murmurs from the other students at the poor idiot begging on his knees, but Dean ignored them.
“Do you even care about me or was that a lie, too?” Dean said, words dripping acid and burning Cas to the core.
“That’s more like it. Now get going before you’re late. Your next teacher might not be as nice as me.”
“I think I owe you a lifetime of favors. Let me pay for dinner,” Cas said when Dean started to protest.
Letting Cas take control was fun sometimes, every time he did was mind blowing, but as Dean made his boyfriend fall apart he was glad he was in command now.
“Have you… talked to Lisa?” Dean asked with trepidation. He knew it was foolish to have Bobby bother her but he wanted to stay in touch.
Castiel took the chance to look smug before he left the garage in a hurry. Dean watched him go and again thought the guy was hot despite being such a smarmy asshole that only cared about himself.
“All right,” Cas said, giving in to Dean’s sweet talk and kissing him over the table again. Their hands were still tightly wound together on the table.
Since he never got over to this side of Lawrence, Benny described some of the stores and the diner and Dean was grateful for the change in subject. He decided to find a payphone on his own at some point. There was someone he needed to call.
They got back to the Novak mansion and a furious Zachariah stood waiting. Meg’s father must have phoned ahead to share how the outing had gone.
Over the rest of spring break, it was more of the same. There was plenty of junk food, movies and hanging out. Cas and Jess met and got along very well. She insisted they watch what Cas thought Dean would consider a chick-flick but who ended up agreeing enthusiastically. The movie didn’t matter as long as Cas could snuggle with Dean on the beat up but comfortable couch.
It was bold but they turned on the light once they got to the kitchen. Dean quickly found the pies in the large industrial fridge. He cut two slices and handed one to Cas. They jumped up and sat on the center island counter that had been cleared off after dinner.
Dean sleepily shuffled out of his room. Both Cas and Sam stopped talking and turned to look at him. Cas was sitting at the table with his hair disheveled, probably like Dean’s was, in his own pants but Dean’s old
“I’ve never been with anyone. Not a kiss or a date or anything. You have all this experience and it terrifies me. Not many people even take the time to be my friend let alone anything more. I can’t lose you, Dean.”
Cas got up into a kneeling position as they gunfire lessened and the sirens got louder. He could hear an abundance of footsteps as guys from both side headed to the nearest door to avoid the cops.
Henriksen did as Mills rushed over to help apply pressure to Dean’s shoulder. Dean’s eyes fluttered open, meeting Cas’s.
Since when did Sam change so much? Was it because of Ruby or was it before then? Had Dean been too caught up with Cas that he neglected his only brother, his only family?
They used it wisely. Dean kissed Cas, pressing him against the wall and tasting like cigarettes, and when Benny came back he announced his presence with a small clearing of his throat.
Cas patiently listened, waiting for Dean to continue and explain. Dean took a deep breath, looked up at the sky and kept talking. Cas watched his face as he talked.
“Of course,” Cas agreed. “I wanted to say, we could all look for something between the university and Sam’s school. A house, for all of us.”
Dean didn’t answer. His voice failed him but even if he wanted to, his brain seemed to have disappeared as well. All he could focus on was Cas. His eyes trained on him, how close he was, his smell, like lemon soap, and his closeness, God he was standing so close, and those lips…
“WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIM?” he yelled. The sound must have woke Cas up because he coughed, making the two step back and stop fighting. Dean understood the protective older brother role, but Dean didn’t have anything to do with why Cas was hurt.
Dean stuck his head out the building’s front door when they reached it. It was clear and they walked quickly back to the dorm. Charlie and Garth disappeared to their floors. Dean gave Cas a quick kiss goodbye with the promise to see him tomorrow for breakfast.
They ate their sandwiches quickly so they could get back upstairs since both of their lunch breaks were coming to a close.
“I know. Listen, Dad didn’t just send me away for shits and giggles, Sammy. He caught me kissing another boy and he didn’t like that very much,” Dean explained, toning down the story to keep it PG. Considering what John saw and his apparent homophobia, Dean was lucky a few bruises and military school was all he got.
“Yeah, of course you’re not sorry,” Sam said, smiling and shaking his head. He would suck it up and take the scarring images if it meant seeing these two happy again.
He slid a hand under Cas’s shirt and one into Cas’s pants. After feeling the smooth expanse of his boyfriend’s chest and stomach, Dean sunk to his knees in front of Cas.
“Oh,” Cas said. He didn’t even know Dean’s grandparents were still alive or why it would it be such a bad thing Sam went there.
The two kept talking and steered clear of the mention of family. Instead, Dean shared a few funny stories from when he and Henriksen were on patrol and Cas shared little about the cities he had lived in before.
They jumped apart when the library door opened and Sam and Hannah walked in having a heated debate about physics. They sat at the table and Castiel joined them. Dean grabbed a book he started the day before and plopped into his usual armchair.
Dean had talked enough about his father for Cas to get the picture. He didn’t want his father to know he was having an affair, period, and Cas being a guy wouldn’t help. This wasn’t how he wanted to come out and he didn’t want John to tell Lisa. Dean had to tell her when he was ready and had his head out of his ass.
“Fine,” Cas said, sounding exhausted. “Your couch was actually pretty comfortable the last time I slept on it.”
“I love writing. Books, poems, everything. I like watching people, you know? Seeing what they’re like, what they do. Then writing what I see or what I pretend their life is.”
“Oh shit. How?” Dean asked, almost choking on his burger. That was not what he was expecting. Sure, these two weren’t uptight like Castiel but this shocked him a little.
Cas showed up at Dean’s apartment door with his arms crossed. In a short period of time, Dean had seemed to almost say “I love you” and then practically ignored him while trying to find his brother. Cas only wanted Dean to appreciate that he was there for him, no matter what, and that he was especially there to lean on when shit hit the fan.
The date was fine, April was nice enough, but it just felt friendly to Cas. There were no butterflies or an urge to kiss and to touch like when there had been with Dean. The spark just wasn’t there. At all. He always had been reserved and didn't feel sexual attraction often, but he didn't even feel potential with her.
The morning after they had sex for the first time since Dean had been out, they decided the wait was over and that they were officially dating again. There were still some times that Cas could tell Dean was a little hesitant and he was patient with him. Forgiveness was a long road and Cas would wait.
“Yeah and nervous as hell,” Dean laughed. “I’ve only been to Bobby and Ellen’s wedding and it was really small.”
Castiel winked. Dean couldn’t believe he used such a lame line so he let Castiel take his hand and guide him inside.
“He socked Raphael, remember?” Crowley said, “He’s on our side. Take it easy. As I recall, none of you lot brought anyone like Dean here did.”
Dean had a moment of panic that Cas would fail the next philosophy assignment he turned in, but he knew Cas wasn’t like that. Hopefully. Dean really didn’t know him when he thought about it.
Cas grinned, allowing himself to take pride in taking Dean apart like that. Cas sat on the couch next to Dean.
“All right, I got it,” Dean said, appearing next to the car, making Castiel jump. He didn’t see him sneak up.
“What the hell happened to you?” Dean asked, hands in his pockets. He honestly didn’t know what else to say.
Dean let out a huge sigh and worked on homework. He wasn’t going to figure everything out in one afternoon.
“You’re crazy,” Dean grumbled when Sam brought it up. “She’s just a hot woman. What does Cas have to do with anything?”
“Because you kissed her and then never talked to her again and are now dating her cousin?” Cas said in a deadpan.
“Yeah, everything’s great,” Cas said, leaving the part out where he maybe had a crush on one of his targets. He didn’t think Mills would appreciate that.
Dean glanced at Cas with a smile before turning back to Crowley. He loved when Cas was a badass, plain and simple. He nudged Cas’s knee under the table in silent support.
Gabriel and Balthazar were trying to help in their own way. It mostly involved dragging Cas to parties were he was cordial to everyone he met but it just felt wrong. How could he party while Dean was locked up? He honestly couldn’t picture himself with anyone other than Dean and every person he met reminded him of what he had lost.
Dean felt cold as Cas got up from the bed but enjoyed the show watching Cas walk to his bedside table to fetch a small bottle.
“I, uh… we just,” Castiel sputtered. It was hard to explain to Sam, who still seemed like an innocent kid, that he had tried to buy weed from Dean and was trying to get in the same gang. Castiel didn’t know how much Sam knew.
“Well, I wouldn’t want to hold you back from college,” Dean shrugged. “I… never mind. Have a nice life.”
Dean never stopped making noise or pulling lightly at Cas’s hair. Cas kept his jaw relaxed and motions steady until Dean warned him he was going to cum.
Dean winced but figured it was about time they talked about what was truly behind Dean’s change in school and what he had just said despite his instincts telling him to change the subject.
Charlie pointed out that it was late and she had to go. Dean showed her out and then went looking for more booze but he had run out.
Cas nodded. he understood Dean couldn’t just forgive and forget and let everything go back to normal. But he was serious when he said any time at all with Dean was plenty and more than he deserved.
They talked about the week and school and continued to drink. After the third pass, Dean was feeling pretty good. Garth was probably the biggest lightweight Dean would ever see.
The rest of dinner went just as smoothly and John seemed to genuinely like Cas. Dean didn’t blame him, the guy was great, but he had concerns their relationship would be the only thing John focused on.
The end of June and into July was pretty much the same; hanging out, selling and watching movies. There was just more kissing.
Cas answered by kissing Dean. Since he was going to be leaving, Dean kissed back passionately. He gently guided Cas onto his back and crawled above him. The door was shut and locked and since Dean didn’t know when they could do this again, he pulled his shirt off.
“If I had ever asked and if you somehow said yes. Honestly, I’m the lucky one. I wouldn't blame you if you didn't want to talk to me anymore."
He drove home and quietly walked past his father who was passed out on the couch to the room he shared with Sam.
“Sorry, I was on the phone with Lisa,” Dean sighed. “She’s having a crisis on whether or not she wants to keep the baby.”
Other classes passed in a blur. Some he had with Benny, some with Castiel and one at the end of the day with neither. Dean didn’t bother Castiel for the rest of the day. His strong reaction earlier was enough to make Dean back off, at least a little, which was probably his plan.
They cleaned up best they could and Dean yanked his jeans back up. They opted to snuggle up on the couch and flip on some old movie. Luckily they were too tired to try anything else on the couch because Sam came home and joined them not long after.
“Thank you, sir,” Benny answered the black man in a military uniform with a few medals on the chest.
Cas had told his family, somewhat reluctantly, and it went over like a ton of bricks. Apparently, they thought the gay thing was a phase and claimed they knew sending him far away was a bad idea although Cas fought them on it since he needed the space. Kansas was as far away as his parents would allow and Cas, dependent on them for tuition, had to comply and not go further away.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and led him away from his uncle who began to spew profanities and threats, all of which went over their heads.
“The usual.” To be honest, Benny was the only guy that Dean really liked in this group. The rest were just low-life gang members.
The hurt on Cas’s face was enough to make Dean look away. He turned to walk out the door and almost ran into Cas’s two new visitors.
That got a half-smile from Cas and another kiss for Dean who checked his watch and saw he was cutting it close with Sam and said he had to go.
Cas handed her the weed and gave her an update on selling with Dean and repeated the new location two blocks south of the old location.
But Dean also couldn’t do anything with anyone because he just couldn’t. It would be better for both of them to move on with their lives but he was still pathetically in love with Cas, in the best and worst ways possible. Other people wouldn’t fill the hole he felt, no matter how hard he tried.
“That’s the spirit!” Dean exclaimed. They both laughed. Dean looked down because Cas’s gaze had become so…he didn’t know what to call it. Affectionate, maybe? Or grateful? It was definitely intense. Whatever it was, Dean kind of liked it.
He was cut off by Cas roughly slamming him back against the far wall of the elevator and claiming his mouth with his own. Dean kissed back just as fiercely without hesitation.
“Yeah,” Cas said slowly. He saw Sam had wide eyes and his glass of orange juice paused halfway to his lips.
“Take the Impala and go to Lawrence. I’ll stay here and stall, say you’re just going into town or something,” Sam suggested.
Castiel didn’t know who to tell about Michael and friends and their plan to ruin Benny’s wedding so he did what anyone would do when they were threatened.
“See you Friday?” Dean asked, surprising himself. He found he actually did want to see Cas again soon.
Afterwards, Charlie gave him a wave and said she would see him the next time they had class. Dean could tell they would be fast friends and looked forward to it.
He should have been freaking out that his dick was sliding against another one, but the sight just made him feel the familiar warmth spread threw his body, spine tingling and very nearly coming.
At the show, professionals got the cars off the truck and into the showroom. Dean tried to follow Zachariah, Michael and Lucifer inside, but Zachariah stuck his arm out in the doorway.
Dean glanced at Cas while they grabbed their food. Clearly, Cas didn’t believe him but was considerate enough to let it go, at least for the moment. Dean’s good mood from earlier was gone and he remained rather grumpy for the rest of the day. Cas left him alone for the most part because he knew how Dean got when he was in this kind of mood, even if he didn’t know why his demeanor went south.
Dean grew more and more accustomed to Cas. They sat next to each other during meals and even during the classes they shared together. Dean, if he got to the cafeteria or class first, found himself looking for Cas.
“What about Jess, don’t you want to see her?” Dean asked. A road trip with his brother sounded like fun, too.
Castiel raised a hand and Garth stopped talking. Despite being a kid Dean’s age, Castiel had a presence about him and was a little intimidating. Dean would never admit that fact out loud or that it was attractive when he took control.
“He wouldn’t, gets too much of a kick out of it,” Crowley laughed, sipping his scotch. “He’s my boss, I can’t sell him out. Besides, so what if Michael’s guys die?”
“He made a mistake. You really can’t expect anyone to be perfect. But I know he would never hurt you again,” Sam said.
He grabbed his shirts and boxers and started to put them on. It didn’t matter that Cas was right, Dean couldn’t do this. He couldn’t be what Cas needed.
“I love you, too,” Dean said, gripping Cas tighter and tilting his head up to kiss him once more before they fell asleep.
Dean kissed Cas. It had been a long time since he had really kissed him so he quickly slid his tongue over Cas’s lips who opened his mouth.
If Cas had been thinking clearly, it would have been. Also, he would have been pissed but he was too upset about everything else at the moment to bring himself to care about that.
Sam and Cas followed the doctor, his cowboy boots clacking on the white linoleum. Dean was laying in the hospital bed in one of those awful gowns, a mint green one. He had an IV drip in his arm and chords to a heart monitor disappearing under the garment. Some of the bandaging from the wound was visible and his arm was in a sling.
Tuesday night, Dean was parked in Cas’s driveway ready for the second date. Cas made sure Dean knew that he was taking him out this time and he would be paying but he just didn’t have a car.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hands. He knew he couldn’t change Cas’s mind and didn’t want to try. They knew they had to leave and this seemed to be the universe’s way of saying it was time.
Cas knows one thing with absolute certainty. It hits him and he screams into his pillow in frustration.
“I’m serious,” Dean insisted, looking in the rearview mirror at Cas. “And I think working at a university would suit you very well.”
The trio continued to eat and chat about anything and everything. Dean learned that Charlie loved a lot of the same nerdy things he did and that Benny was originally from Louisiana.
Dean laughed self-deprecatingly. He had teachers his whole life telling him he wouldn’t amount to anything after every fight and every failed test. They probably breathed a huge sigh of relief when he didn’t come back to his regular high school this year. John had never given a shit either. Now, someone was telling him he was smart and that he could succeed. It wasn’t something he realized he needed to hear until then and it was a little overwhelming.
Dean couldn’t argue with that. He always talked because it always got a reaction from the platoon leader. Now was no exception but this was too much.
Dean followed Cas over to his room and grabbed his jeans, shirt, coat and socks from under Cas’s bed. He had to shake off a bit of dust but didn’t mind.
The only person he wanted to talk to was Cas and that was impossible. He was several hours away and Dean had stupidly smashed their house phone before getting his cell number. Besides, Cas probably didn’t want to talk to him ever again and Dean wouldn’t blame him.
He shifted his angle to really pound Dean’s prostate who shouted Cas’s name and agreed he absolutely could, needed to show Cas how he felt by coming for him. Words might fail him but this he could do.
“Not long,” Cas replied. “But we already had to be up early so I saw no reason to cut your sleep even shorter.”
“Is that your plan then? Go through life creating an image, the guy without a care in the world? You know, you’re a hypocrite.”
“Shit, really? Oh my God, okay. Okay, I’m coming. Thanks, Cas,” Sam hung up before Cas could answer.
Dean sat on the floor and grabbed the car he usually used when he played with Ben. It was a black car that resembled his own Impala.
Benny and Garth could tell he was mad but didn’t ask why. Dean wouldn’t even know how to explain why he even cared. He only needed to care about work and Sam. After huffing around all day and glaring at the cars, he called it a day.
“John?” Dean asked, shocked his father was home and coherent. He honestly was so shocked that he accidentally used his father’s name since he usually called him dad. He only called him John when he talked about him, not to him.
The argument was stupid and they both were at fault for different things but how could Dean blame Cas for thinking he never took relationships seriously, after what he had seen so far? Dean flirted with anyone and everyone.
“You don’t seem like someone who bothers to get along with mere servants like myself,” Dean said, crossing his arms.
Once they were home, John hung around in the living room. Dean took his stuff into his room to unpack and Sam followed. He kept his face as neutral as he could since he was happy to see Sam and didn’t want to explain why he was upset.
It got to mid-July and Officer Henriksen wasn’t happy with how little Castiel had done as an informant. Cas had nearly forgotten about his job because his time and focus was all Dean. It had been a while since he gave any updates to Henriksen or Mills.
Dean figured it was a bad sign that Cas had never been to his house before. It just proved to Dean they weren’t that close and it was clearly just a stupid fling.
“All right, all right, we’re almost done,” Dean said, checking his pockets for how much more weed he had left to sell.
“If they’re really bad, they should be kicked out,” Cas said. “There is a GPA standard here but I bet Zachariah helped sweep that under the rug.”
“You know how badly I just wanna bend you over this counter and fuck you?” Dean said, without thinking. He kept moving his hand and kissing Cas’s neck but panicked that Cas would flip at what he said. Normally, he wasn’t so crass.
Dean took Cas in his hand and did the same trick with the spit-slick hand and didn’t ignore the balls. It didn’t long for Cas to come, shouting Dean’s name.
Dean called him as his last hope. Everyone else was busy with work or school or planning a wedding which left Dean to find his little brother, his one responsibility, alone.
“I’m sorry, it really isn’t a problem, I’m just from a small town and no one was out. If there were any who were, you know. Gay,” Dean said, rambling on to cover his awkwardness.
“As I told Henriksen, we’re working on our assignment,” Cas explained, walking into his room ahead of Dean.
Dean set to work slowly. He had maybe done a bit of research when he and Cas had started fooling around with handjobs and blowjobs to be sure about what to do. He took his time with each finger, stretching and watching Cas. Dean would occasionally lean down to kiss Cas and when he was three fingers in, got his mouth on Cas’s cock.
It wouldn’t have been the first time that had happened, Charlie leaving Dean to get some. The people at this party weren’t exactly his usual crowd to hang out with. Besides Charlie, his only friends were Garth and Ash and they sure as heck weren’t invited to this party.
“I feel the same. You know about as much about me as my brother and I’ve only known you for a week and a half,” Cas smiled, squeezing Dean’s hand who returned the smile and the squeeze.
Cas didn’t try to type out his feelings because it was impossible to put them into words. Dean had a day off and he wanted to spend it with
Then he realized he was still staring, turned beet red and quickly left the kitchen. It didn’t register to him that Castiel had been staring right back.
Dean liked taking a little bit of control and taking Cas apart bit by bit. He couldn’t wait to taste Cas on his tongue.
Dean stayed quiet. It sounded absurd when spelled out like this for him. Honestly, he should have spoken up a long time ago but he was too scared. If Cas had rejected him he would have felt…well, like how he felt now. The words of his father also rang in his head all the time which also pushed him away from admitting his feelings. He almost wanted to blame Benny for not saying what he knew sooner but that was irrational and Dean understood that. It was his own damn fault.
After he checked in and got his room key, he went up to the fourth floor. His dorm room was about what he expected, simple and small, and vaguely reminiscent of a jail cell, which he knew from brief experience. The white walls weren’t helping the minimalist design flow.
“It feels like I’m just going through the motions sometimes. But I feel like I can open up with you.”
“So you want to buy, right?” Dean asked, crushing his cigarette butt under his boot and accepting Benny’s money from the bet.
Dean looked past Charlie and out the car’s passenger side window at the house. It was close to mansion size and was on the posh side of town. The front door was wide open, teenagers coming in and out and music blasting. Somehow, the police still hadn’t been called.
Dean and Castiel jumped apart to see Hannah, the red-head Novak and the mischievous looking one staring at them with wide eyes and slack jaws. Dean wanted to touch Castiel to assure him it would be okay but didn’t think he should so folded his hands in his lap.
He headed uneasily towards his bedroom. Dean grabbed his arm as he walked past and Sam pushed him off. Dean’s balance was off from drinking and he fell, landing on his bad shoulder.
Cas laughed and politely declined. He wasn’t very helpful in the kitchen so he joined Bobby and Sam at the table.
Dean tried not to look as relieved as he felt that John didn’t know. Rationally, Dean knew John couldn’t know about Cas but the paranoia ate at him anyways.
He furrowed his eyebrows and started to memorize formulas before he though too long and hard about something that wasn’t there.
“We need to work on your dirty talk,” Dean joked, although Cas’s powers were actually quite the turn-on.
“They say there’s a heaven for those who will wait,” Cas whispered. “Some say it’s better but I say it ain’t.”
“I couldn’t…deal. Couldn’t face the fact that we’re like them, could be like them. I just don’t see you settling for me and…”
Dean squeezed Cas’s hand that he was holding as they shared a small laugh. This all still felt a little surreal and was a far cry from four months ago when they met. It was still a little bit of a mystery why Dean was so drawn to Cas but he couldn’t help it now he had him in his arms and it felt good. Hell, it felt great.
After Cas and Dean finished eating breakfast and cleaned up, Dean doing the dishes and flicking water at Cas who dried them, they sat on the couch with the TV on.
“Why do you listen to your cousins? They’re dicks,” Dean said. It wasn’t the first time he had said something bad about Castiel and Gabriel’s family.
“Also, I’ve been in foster homes with younger boys I felt were like little brothers to me,” Cas continued. “So, I do know what it’s like to take care of them.”
Dean grabbed the lube and thoroughly coated their dicks in it, taking them both in his hand. He angled Cas back so he was propped on his elbows, ass on the edge of his desk still, cock pointed towards his stomach. Dean lined his own cock on top of Cas’s, also pointed at Cas’s stomach.
“We’re figured we’d find you here,” Alastair said, creepy as usual. One look from Crowley and he shut up and looked at the ground.
Cas didn’t stop but he didn’t move any faster either. He got Dean’s jeans off and tossed them aside and crawled back over Dean, stopping above his tented briefs.
“Cas, what’s up? You’ve looked constipated since Henriksen made you stay back,” Dean asked as they were in line to get food at lunch.
The restaurant was classy and even in Dean’s best clothes he didn’t quite fit in. Besides judgment from other patrons and the staff, the meal was great.
Dean was going to go mention how he shouldn’t be singled out because the crap between them but didn’t have a chance before Raphael was interrupting.
Quickly shaking that last thought away, Dean and Cas got out of the car and walked up to the front door. Dean looked at Cas who gave him a reassuring nod and the strength to knock.
Dean watched Cas’s face fall and finally understood how much he had hurt him by refusing to be with him. Cas wanted to take Dean, boring and long closeted Dean, on an honest to goodness date and Dean had been a dick.
As he tried to fall asleep, he tossed and turned. Those damn blue eyes were burning into his brain and he couldn’t shake the sincerity of Castiel’s kind words. Plus, there was the touch on his shoulder. It was all too much. It could have meant nothing but at the same, it could have meant everything. He wanted to lean into that touch and to reply with how smart and selfless he thought Cas was but the guy kind of took his breath away and he panicked. Hopefully, Cas wasn’t too hurt about him leaving so abruptly like that.
“I should find that spot you still haven’t told me about, where you hid after the dance?” Dean retorted, blowing smoke out into the cold night and away from Cas.
Before classes, Dean went to pick up his own starchy and stiff green uniform, complete with name tag. There was a change of uniform as well as a more formal uniform and many sweats and t-shirts with the school’s logo on it for casual wear and for exercising and drills. There was no chance in taking them back to his room and being on time to his first class so that’s exactly what he did. He at least changed quickly and hurried to his history class where Benny said he would save him a seat.
Dean gave it a minute, checked the hallway was clear then snuck out. He showered, changed, and went to the library where the study session happened without a problem.
“Didn’t think so,” Dean said as he sidestepped the two. “Just catch the assholes that did this to Cas.”
His fists unclenched with a small laugh. He was actually jealous. This didn’t usually happen. His one brief girlfriend, April, had always thought him devoid of emotion but that couldn’t have been farther from the truth. He was just devoid of emotion for
“What the hell is going on here?” Henriksen asked when Dean opened up. Everyone behind him jumped to their feet and sobered up, trying to act normal.
He had the confidence of a Novak, proud and snooty, like he owned the place which Dean figured he kind of did.
Dean didn’t remember hearing Cas saying that word before and his cock leaked precome at the sexiness of it.
“Cas, I…” Dean took a deep breath, “I was wondering if maybe you’d… you’d want to go get movie and dinner one night? With me? Or ice cream, just us? I mean, if you want…”
After a long talk with Gabriel one night after a particularly bad nightmare involving Crowley torturing Dean in prison, Cas came to a decision. It was time to face Dean and to talk to him. No matter how they ended or what Dean said, Castiel had to talk to him at least one time.
They reached the administration building. Dean was up first, busting out his lock pick set and putting it to good use. Benny and Charlie shared an impressed look and then the five of them snuck inside once the door was open.
Dean reluctantly obeyed and walked around but he kept his back to Zachariah so he could keep scowling.
“It’s really good so far, I agree,” Cas replied, smiling just a little. “When do you have the class?”
Dean nodded as he ate. He was going to, he just needed his pie first. Apparently, it was a good enough answer for Cas because he took a small bite of his pie.
Break was coming to a quick close and Dean was getting more nervous every day. He tossed and turned every night trying to figure out how to tell Castiel how he felt. How would he start? Would Cas even want to talk to him ever again?
Dean dropped his hands into his head. Benny didn’t know what else to say. He wouldn’t know where to find Cas and if they didn’t tonight, it would have to wait until after break. Benny wasn’t going to give him the “I told you so” bit. If Dean had just asked Cas to the dance in the first place… but thinking like that wouldn’t help. Benny thought more about where Cas could be and drew a blank. As much as he wanted to help his friend, he couldn’t.
He didn't know how to tell Sam and Cas his plan. Sam liked Bobby and would go with Dean but Cas might be less understanding. Dean and Sam couldn’t be his problem and certainly couldn’t take his charity and mooch for an unknown period of time until Dean got his shit together.
To his credit, he wasn’t as smug as he could have been since Dean thought he suspected something between the two of them for a while.
They reached the bed and Cas pushed Dean onto his back. They each paused to breathe and take in what was going on for just a moment before Cas crawled on top of Dean, their lips crashing together. Cas rolled his hips like Dean had done earlier and Dean groaned into Cas’s mouth. Cas kissed more heatedly and moved his hips with more determination, feeling Dean getting hard underneath him.
Each time he thought about going home, he took a deep breath and pictured Cas’s smile. Not the arrogant one he used with everyone else but the affectionate one he saved just for Dean.
Dean pressed his whole body against Cas and found that he was as hard as he was. Dean moved to kissing and sucking at Cas’s neck instead, which made Cas moan and grab Dean’s shoulder’s. Dean’s hands moved to rub over Cas’s pants and he started to undo his belt.
“You might be partially right. We don’t know why he’s here. But he and Castiel hated each other until a couple weeks ago. How do you explain that?”
Despite Cas shouting his name into the phone, Dean hung up. He had to do it. It wasn’t fair to Cas to have him hanging on to someone far away, someone who it was dangerous to be with. John could have hurt him and still could if he saw Cas again so Dean had to do this.
The blush on his cheeks must have been insane because it was reaching up his neck and ears and Dean could see it. Dean subtly pointed this out to Benny and they laughed softly. Cas scratched the back of his head with his middle finger to send a clear message. This made Dean and Benny laugh a little louder.
Castiel had plenty of time to think about the events of last night and this morning as he walked home. Dean was calling Lisa and couldn’t drive him and besides, they had left the Impala at Cas’s yesterday before their amazing second date. Everything was great until Sam came back with the news of a pregnant ex-girlfriend of Dean’s. Their happy little morning had come crashing down leaving Cas feeling empty and alone.
“No, but that was a while ago, Dean,” Cas said. They took a pause in the conversation to order their food when the waiter came back with their drinks.
“You’ve seen me shitfaced, met most of who I consider family and have driven my car. That’s more than I have on you.”
Cas figured Dean knew he meant arrested for selling weed, not littering, and still wasn’t fazed. He didn’t have a response to Dean’s arrogant reply but he did feel a slight twinge of guilt because he was playing a role in trying to get Dean arrested.
“Sorry man, we were just talking and… it doesn’t matter. I told him that my dad stuck me here because he caught me with a guy like, you know… And I told him I’m bi. And I thought you guys should know,” Dean said in a rush.
“Nah, Sammy’s the brain of the bunch, always has been. Those guys hounded me to join during high school. Sure, I’d buy from them because I knew I wasn’t doing much after high school anyways but I never wanted to get mixed in. I kept saying no until my dad died.”
“This school is not to be run by a bully who gives his sons special treatment and threatens the board. Plus, the apparent homophobic actions against my son,” Chuck stated once he was in Zachariah’s face.
The conversation turned more cordial after that. Although Gabriel didn’t say much, he didn’t seem so grumpy when lunch was over. Dean was more focused on Castiel since he was unsure of why he was being so nice. They had talked yesterday night and weren’t fighting anymore, it seemed, but it didn’t explain why he joined them for lunch but Dean didn’t mind.
Cas leaned in and kissed Dean. The next song was an actual slow song so they kept dancing like they were before, holding each other close.
In all the time Benny had known Castiel Novak, which was over two years, he had never broken the rules or disobeyed at all. Not once, not even a little late to anything. Now, he was doing so on an almost regular basis. Benny was glad Castiel and Dean weren’t going at it anymore but he wasn’t sure if this was an improvement or not. He thought about what Charlie and he had discussed at breakfast the day before and reconsidered. If that goofy smile Dean had right now was any tell, he was gone on the boy. Even if he wouldn’t admit it out loud to his friends.
The first “I love you,” came from Dean. It was the day they were both moving home in Dean’s dorm room and Dean had misplaced his phone charger. As Dean looked around, without having to say a word, Cas told him, ‘It’s in your backpack, side pocket.”
Dean only managed a nod and subtly let out the breath he had been holding. Zachariah wasn’t wrong, they really couldn’t be near each other in the past and he had warned them several times to knock it off.
Dean let out a huge sigh of relief being back in his own room safe and sound. If they had been caught, it would have been disastrous. He hid the paper with the grades in his desk drawer.
“Pass,” Benny decided and they all agreed. Those were full of horny frat guys and desperate girls with too much makeup.
“No, my aunt’s at work so you have my undivided attention to talk. Oh, did you want something to drink or anything?” Charlie said.
Gabriel and Anna dragged Hannah away before she could insult Dean or Castiel further. Dean and Castiel snuck over to the door near the kitchen.
He walked out and met Cas at the end of the aisle so they could walk down together. Sam was waiting at the end of the aisle along with the one brother Cas liked, Gabriel. Sam was lucky enough to be promoted as well since Lucifer was part of a federal investigation involving fraud and tampering with evidence and juries.
Dean’s heart thudded hard in his ears and his breath came in short huffs, making it hard to form a response. Dean’s eyes flicked to his mouth for a second before Cas pressed their lips together, fiercely. Cas stepped closer to Dean to line their bodies up from chest to toe.
“It’ll be okay, Sammy,” Dean reassured. “We can fix this. Why don’t we head home? You can apologize to Jess and maybe the four of us can go on a double date, huh?”
“Of course,” Cas said, face splitting in a huge grin that showed his gums. “Despite you being drunk, I did look forward to your calls and hearing your voice. I just didn’t know how to call back the next day.”
Dean’s mouth snapped shut when Cas’s curious gaze turned into a glare. At least he hadn’t slammed the door in his face so all hope wasn’t lost.
The next morning, the police chased them after they picked up breakfast and they would have caught them if Dean hadn’t known a shortcut.
Dean couldn’t argue there, Jess beat Ruby in every way possible. It was a little shocking to Dean that his Dad noticed though considering how little attention he paid to either of his sons. Dean would have thought that as long as it was a girl Sam was interested in that John wouldn’t care.
Everything with Cas was great and this came along and ruined it. He was pretty sure he heard Cas leave without telling him goodbye.
Dean let go of Castiel to put his hands in the air with a smirk. Castiel put his own hands in the air without the same arrogance.
After trying a few incorrect doors, Dean finally knocked on the right one and heard Zachariah tell him to come in.
“Dean…” Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth before licking inside, still mapping out his mouth. Dean kissed back just as enthusiastically, nipping and sucking Cas’s bottom lip.
Dean rubbed him over his boxers twice before finally pulling those down and tossing them aside. He finally got his own jeans off and tossed them, too.
“Prove it,” Cas said, standing up. “Prove that I mean more to you than just sex and it wouldn’t be a one-night stand and we’ll go to dinner. I won’t be another tally on your long list of conquests, Dean. I won’t.”
He sat there in his boxers, smoking and drinking, for a while. He had no idea how long. The bottle was significantly lower than when he started and there were four cigarette butts under his feet.
Dean went back to the kitchen to restock his tray of champagne. He kept on providing the seemingly essential drink for a few hours until the booze finally ran out. Guests stumbled out to their chauffeured cars once the flow stopped.
Dean shook his head. There was no way this would work. He had always had an issue with authority unless it was his own father’s orders. A long list of past teachers could attest to that.  Thinking about his dad got him thinking about what he saw and why he was here…
“Have you heard any of the usual crazy rumors about me and who I slept with since what happened on the couch?” Cas asked.
Cas opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out. Dean had made some good points and this looked like it could all work out in their favor.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” Dean said, looking Cas in the eye. He turned and tried to leave but the guard who got him from his cell forced him to have a seat across from Cas.
It was May and the week before finals and the semester was wrapping up nicely. Dean, for only the second time in his life, felt completely ready for finals. Cas, again, praised him for how smart he was as they studied. It was a little easier to accept the compliment than before but Dean still struggled to believe having Cas as his boyfriend was real life.
The three of them were in the kitchen and while Dean was making dinner, Cas and Sam sat at the table. It wobbled a little but it was hardly noticeable.
In the bathroom, Dean splashed some cold water on his face. Fuck, Castiel was hot. Dean couldn’t even pretend he didn’t think that. He long ago accepted his attraction to men was equal to how he felt about women and he wanted to rip Castiel’s clothes off.
After he came back into his bedroom after using the bathroom, his phone had a missed call. It was from Dean. Cas didn’t know why Dean would even want to talk to him ever again but he called him back anyways.
“Can’t help you, I don’t have a car,” Cas said, turning to walk away. Raphael grabbed his right shoulder and spun him back around and left his hand there.
Cas sat in continued shock and planned a course of action. He wanted to see Dean and talk to him, of course, but would Dean want to see him? It had been nine months since he had last seen him but felt like yesterday. Cas ran that entire conversation through in his head at least once a day. It was eating at him until they could have a better talk and this could be his chance.
Dean stormed out of the kitchen, ignoring the insults being hurled his way. He couldn’t risk Zachariah seeing him fight or cause a scene because Castiel was an idiot.
Once work was over early on the Friday before Christmas, Cas joined everyone. The party was in the enormous multi-purpose room they had. It usually hosted intellectual or motivational speakers or large important presentations and was designed to fit the entire company. It was decorated for the theme, had plenty of food and drink, and a lot of people were dressed for the holiday. A good amount of women had red or green dresses and some of the men had changed into ugly holiday sweaters.
Dean rubbed his hair and face mostly dry and tossed the towel aside, working to get his shoes and socks off. Once those were kicked aside, he reached for his belt buckle.
Cas toed off his shoes then yanked his socks off before helping Dean do the same. He hovered over Dean, awe in his eyes that Dean didn’t understand, and tugged at the hem of Dean’s shirt. Dean nodded and let Cas pull it off and toss it towards his flannel on the floor.
“Open Arms?” ‘Wanting to hold you, wanting you near, how much I wanted you home. Now that you’ve come back, turned night to day, I need you to stay. Hoping you’ll see what your love means to me,’” Cas said, instead of sang, as he ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. He put as much sincerity into it as possible as he looked into Dean’s eyes.
“They knew I’m into someone who isn’t as sure as I am, I didn’t say your name so you can relax,” Cas explained.
“I don’t know, I couldn’t check. I was manhandled against a wall,” Dean snapped, his eyes not leaving Castiel. Their classmates hovered awkwardly, probably not used to fighting in the hallways. For Dean, brawls used to be a regular occurrence.
“What can’t?” Dean interjected, hoping they meant something else besides what Dean feared. He could feel Cas tense beside him.
Dean knew that would mean avoiding his cousins and maybe seeing Gabriel if he didn’t go see Kali in town.
Dean laughed. The sick irony of his thought and how horrible everything was made him laugh. This couldn’t be real.
Cas came around the corner holding two plates, each with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. For some reason, that was his favorite. Dean didn’t get it. He preferred a sandwich piled high with meat. What Dean did like was coming home to Cas but he shut that idea down.
“I didn’t know Sam was planning that and I’m sorry. I’m sorry for a lot of things really, that’s just the beginning. Do you have a moment? This could take a while.”
Cas cracked a smile before pulling Dean into a slow kiss. As it got deeper, Dean felt his dick getting hard again. When Cas yanked Dean closer, Dean could feel his erection too.
Dean prepped Cas quick and was sliding in, easily getting them to both come in what would normally have been an embarrassing amount of time but they were in a hurry. Dean couldn’t hold back having Cas in front of him, hands braced on a bathroom stall, moaning his name as he fucked into him. The fact that he could leave hickeys anywhere he wanted was a bonus, too. he definitely took advantage of that.
“Do it,” Dean said, straightening his arms in a “come at me” pose. “Show me your warrant. Or tell me the crime I’m committing right now that gives you probable cause to arrest me.”
Cas’s master plan was to get information on the gang, everyone but Dean, get them arrested and sent away so Dean would be free and they could be together. He knew it was lofty but he could dream. Then maybe they could go on a date, do the dinner and a movie thing.
The one other prank Dean found particularly hilarious had been loosening the lid of the salt shaker at the table Michael, Raphael and Lucifer usually sat at with Gabriel occasionally joining them. Sure it was an immature little joke but Dean didn’t care. Michael had inadvertently dumped basically the entire bottle onto his food. The stern glare across the cafeteria at Dean’s loud laughter was frightening but Dean didn’t care. Cas’s small smile made it worth it.
Dean moaned at that and rubbed harder, but Cas told him to stop. The next minutes were agonizing as Cas stripped and dried off a little with a towel before crawling on the bed to hover over Dean, both in just briefs.
“Yeah, all right,” Cas said, sounding like it was no big deal but Dean knew this meant more to him than he let on. “Get up, you’re turning me on like this.”
Michael slammed his fist into Dean’s side before he and Lucifer threw him hard to the ground and left.
Not only could Dean not focus in his Intro to Philosophy class now that Cas was his T.A., but he found it hard to focus in other classes as well. Every day, all he could think about was how Cas looked earlier or what he said to the class or…
Cas shut Dean up by kissing him softly, less rushed and frantic than ever before. They had time, neither of them were going anywhere soon and Cas wanted to finally take his time. Cas moved onto Dean’s lap to straddle him, caressing Dean’s face as he grabbed Cas’s waist.
Sam grinned, proud of his brother for finally following his heart and doing something for himself for once.
Dean set his mouth in a hard line. His teachers in school always told him he’d end up saying the wrong thing to the wrong person one day and it would get him in a heap of trouble. This might have finally been what they were talking about.
“Really?” Dean asked, dumbfounded. Cas was equally shocked. For a couple that seemed to fight a considerable amount, this seemed like a huge step.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean said, getting in and closing the passenger door, “this is Cas. He needs a lift.”
As he power-walked out of the kitchen, he realized he did have to pee. He went upstairs and found a short line for the bathroom.
That phone call put Dean into a good mood for the rest of the day. Sam came home from school and immediately got to working on homework at the kitchen table.
He left the office, seething. Sure, he started the fight but Zachariah didn’t know that. Neither Henriksen nor Dean had told him and he sure the hell wasn’t there. Of course, Castiel would get the benefit of the doubt as a platoon leader. Dean was just a problem Zachariah needed to fix. Dean spent the walk back to his room pissed off but thought about visiting Sam to calm down again.
Gabriel didn’t even say goodbye as the phone was taken from him. Cas could hear him shout indignantly before the line went dead and hoped he didn’t get himself in more trouble.
Whatever Dean felt, or thought was happening, was one-sided, he was sure about it. But the way Castiel looked at him…
“Not with someone I cared so much about,” Cas answered, looking directly at Dean with his bright blue eyes.
They got in and made their way in the dark to the kitchen in the back. It was hard to go through the long tables and benches in the dark but they did.
The day-long conference went well on a professional level, but Dean and Cas were still avoiding talking about anything substantial. The two of them acted like acquaintances that had nothing more to say to each other than to comment on the weather when that was far from the truth.
“Dean,” Cas said, his voice pleading for Dean to listen and to understand. A bailiff had hurried off and was attempting to pull Cas off of him.
It had been a while since he needed to but Dean called someone he always did when he needed help. Someone he could always count on.
“Yes,” Cas said with confidence. “If the one thing I learn from you is to ignore what people think, I’ll be lucky.”
“We’re sending the two of you to a conference with some other members of the company. I, along with some others, feel it will be beneficial,” Zachariah continued. “You’ll have the details sent to your desk by the end of the day but I wanted to tell you all of this in person. You may go.”
Sam rolled his eyes when Dean told him and insisted fourteen was old enough to do some stuff alone. Dean disagreed and proclaimed the ‘older brother was always right’ philosophy.
Castiel’s eyes got as wide as they always did when Dean asked him that and Dean still found it adorable.
“Right, yeah,” Dean cut him off with wide eyes and deep blush. They happened to pass by an elderly couple at the exact wrong moment who both looked thoroughly scandalized.
“Okay. Relax. Flowers. Okay.” Dean’s eyes were focused on one spot on the table and he was still very tense.
They got to the Winchester house and went inside. It was small so Dean only gave a quick tour to their guest.
His three cousins reluctantly sulked away with hate clearly etched on their faces. They had already risked their asses enough by fighting just a little and didn’t want to possibly lose their titles by getting in trouble.
Sam raised his eyebrows as Dean pushed his plate away at their table. It was a Saturday and Dean needed to go to work soon.
The guy had a black eye and walked with a slight limp. Crowley had acted faster than Dean thought he would. He had given him the sheet with the grades when classes had ended so that was a small window before exercises started. Crowley clearly didn’t mess around.
He kissed Dean again, a little more relaxed this time. Dean could feel the difference in past kisses, Cas really was making Dean hard already.
Dean’s birthday was the next day and luckily, a Saturday. He, Cas and their friends were all cleared to go into town and planned to get Dean a burger at the diner he liked so much. Castiel had been sure to let Benny, Charlie and Garth know when Dean’s birthday was after he let slip it was a month after Cas’s.
“What?” Dean said as he couldn’t help but laugh too. He was just glad Cas hadn’t kicked him out because of their fight.
“Pie,” Dean shrugged, as if that cleared anything up. He cut two slices and put them on a couple of plates. Cas reluctantly took one but didn’t eat as Dean dug in. He looked a little wary.
Dean groaned but sat up. They had their math final on Monday to start the week and it was Dean’s least favorite and worst subject. Cas could call Dean smart until he was blue in the face but that wouldn’t change the fact that calculus made no freakin’ sense.
Clearly, he passed because Cas walked in with mouth slightly open and cock straining against his pants. Dean was glad they already found what worked for them, him taking Cas’s every order.
“Next time, you won’t be so lucky! I’ll kill you! I swear I will!” Crowley yelled as he was dragged away.
Cas arched an eyebrow and disappeared into the bathroom. Dean figured it was a test and didn’t move.
“Cas, hey. Man, am I glad to see you. I told Lisa, I told her everything. And Sam, I called him and he gave me a push in the right direction,” Dean explained.
“Does your brother share your anger and contempt for authority?” Cas guessed, his head tilted to the side.
After they walked around the park, talking and joking, they got back in the car to drive around until it was time to get Sam.
“That’s what I tell myself. I just don’t want him to think I’m a lowlife gang member, you know? Hell, if my parents knew…” Dean shook his head.
He continued on with the rest of the inspections in the rooms on their floor. Dean, Cas and Benny all let out a collective breath of relief.
When Dean walked back into the diner he was carrying his red plaid shirt instead of wearing it over his plain white t-shirt. The shirt outlined his arm muscles very well and Cas was staring until Dean snapped him back.
Cas’s dad got a new apartment in Lawrence that was pretty big so Castiel and Gabriel each had their own room there as opposed to sharing like they had to at Zachariah’s. According to Cas, sharing with Gabe had been a nightmare. Dean laughed at the stories of Gabriel’s pranks despite Cas saying they weren’t funny.
“Two of them. Had a gun… one tried, to stop… the other. Shot me…while they wrestled… for it,” Jake said weakly, in obvious pain.
“You would have seen me in school eventually,” Dean shrugged. “Why chase after me? Why let me keep asking you out day after day?”
She watched Dean’s lips as he bit his cookie and chewed. He couldn’t help but smile again while he licked the crumbs off his mouth and her eyes lingered. If he wanted a distraction from Castiel, he found one.
Having your legal guardian convicted of a felony surely wouldn’t help a sixteen year old minor. Dean’s biggest worry when he went to jail was what would happen to Sam.
“It’s a great day. Those assholes will finally back off,” Dean said, putting his pillow back into place.
“Castiel feared something like this could happen so he created a will. If he were to die or become severely incapacitated in any way, his legal spouse was to inherit and control all of his assets,” she said.
That weekend, Dean and Cas were flying halfway across the country for a conference with half a dozen other employees from their company. Dean was definitely not a fan of flying, at all, and he was stuck next to Cas. Of freakin’ course.
“I was basically waiting for you to finally ask for my help. I was there, Dean. I’m always there for you.”
Dean’s stomach cramped up with nerves like it did the first time he went over to Cas’s house knowing they would be alone. The last thing he wanted was to make it worse with Cas, but he needed to try to apologize and he wanted to. Cas deserved an apology and that was more important than Dean’s fear.
“Wow. Thank you, Dean, they’re lovely!” Cas said, taking the flowers and trying to hide his face with them. There was no way he wasn’t blushing right now.
Immediately, he regretted talking with his mouth full and being gross but Cas’s small smile made it seem like he didn’t mind.
They were naked and pressed together, both moving and wanting more. Dean was straddling Cas and had both of their dicks in his hand so could get them off together. He started pumping them, nice and slow, until Cas let out a breathless “faster.” Dean eagerly listened, grinding harder against Cas and sliding his hand quicker up and down. He leaned down to nibble against Cas’s neck and mutter his name. Cas ran his hands up and down Dean’s back, lightly scratching.
“You know they like a fight,” Gabriel shrugged, not looking up from his phone where he was presumably texting Kali. “You and your boy toy could try that again.”
Cas tore their briefs off and away and was over Dean with lube in no time flat. Dean was breathing hard already, dick throbbing against his stomach in anticipation of Cas stretching him open.
Cas leaned back and Dean followed, continuing to explore his boyfriend’s mouth with his own until Cas was on his back.
That was the last word before his breathing slowed and Cas felt his heartbeat slowing down under his arm. It was pretty sobering and Cas found it hard to sleep until the alcohol won and slowly dragged him down.
Dean tore open the envelope. He smiled. He had pulled off all A’s and B’s and one of his A’s was history. He would bet money Henriksen was pissed about that.
He seemed so broken at Cas’s betrayal he almost just didn’t answer. He didn’t want to hurt him anymore.
The ceremony was long and it was hot outside in the school’s stadium. Dean cheered obnoxiously loud for Sam when they called his name to get his diploma even though it was supposed to be just a quick clap for each person. Cas expected that and laughed.
He betrayed Dean and didn’t have him to sleep next to anymore. He didn’t have him as a friend or someone to talk to. Once he started falling for Dean, the nightmares had stopped.
“You know you’re also helping me. I wouldn’t have done well in history last semester without you,” Cas pointed out.
“They’re bringing him down from his surgery, you can visit him after he wakes up,” the doctor said before leaving.
“It started freshman year, I told a bunch of people different names for myself and I just always liked people guessing about me and it kind of spiraled from there,” Cas explained. Dean could understand the draw of keeping secrets.
“Should I… go?” Cas asked. He was unsure because he finally bought and didn’t know if Dean would want him to stay now.
“Geez, you make this sound fucking terrible! I’m just making conversation, being friendly,” Dean said with a laugh.
No kiss, and Dean had had plenty, made him feel quite as warm and stunned as the one with Castiel. His whole body buzzed and his lips tingled.
“Why do you do this, Dean?” Cas asked, genuinely curious. Dean didn’t seem like the drug dealer type either, not to Cas.
Castiel seemed to lose his train of thought and his eyes dropped to Dean’s lips, just briefly but enough to notice.
Cas felt a thrill go through him as Dean said his full name. He mentally kicked himself right after and told himself to pull it together. There was no need to get all gooey just because he liked hearing his name pass through Dean’s lips.
Benny laughed and went over to join Cas and Meg, saying hi to Meg and shaking Cas’s hand. Benny was the only guy in the group who knew Dean was bisexual and would always give him a hard time like only a best friend could.
Dean rolled out from beneath the bed must dustier than when he went under. He stood to get a glass of water for Castiel while fighting the urge to sneeze.
As he fell back on the couch and glared at the whiskey bottle, blaming it for being empty, he tried to remember how full it was when he grabbed it. Probably over half.
They ate like nothing had happened and their friends didn’t notice anything. Dean kept his foot right next to Cas’s the entire time they ate. Dean really enjoyed making Cas squirm a bit.
He thrust few more times above Dean who spilled his release at the same time Cas did, wordless and relieved as they came down after a handful more strokes.
“Cas!” Dean said, trying to wake him up as he immediately ran over to him. Cas kept freaking out in his sleep.
“Dean, read the paper,” Castiel insisted. “They put so much importance on status and power, you’ll see why my family and I are the way we are.”
He left the office shocked at how disappointed he was. At the beginning of the year, when he first got here, getting kicked out would have been a blessing. Now, not so much. It was just disappointing.
“You don’t think I’ve been called every name in the book for liking guys, too?” Cas asked, still confused and maybe a little upset.
Cas made the smallest gasps and the longest groans and everyone just spurred Dean on to thrust harder and faster.
In the last bit of daylight they had left, Dean and Castiel very carefully walked across campus. At the moment, they wouldn’t be in trouble if they were caught outside but it would be hard to explain why they were headed in the opposite direction of the dorm building where they needed to be pretty soon.
Dean took a deep breath. He knew he didn’t have to answer and Cas would be cool about it but he wanted to tell someone and there was no one else here. Plus, Cas was a good listener.
The two of them ordered and they sat and talked while they waited for their food. They talked a little about what they did outside of work. Cas was a fan of gardening and reading while Dean was more into mechanical work on his car and playing guitar. Just as they were getting into their families, food long finished, there was a knock on the door.
He gave a brief recap of what happened to Benny and Garth before getting his hands dirty. Another show loomed and reminded Dean how much they had to start.
Benny got up and headed to the door where Andrea had just walked in. Since Castiel was left alone at the table, he decided to take the tray with the empty shot glasses back up to the bar that Jo was behind.
Sam nodded. Dean pretended to look elsewhere but definitely listened. The same thought had crossed his mind.
that had been his life. The suck that had existed until he had met Dean. And now he might be taken away from him, too.
On their second date to the Museum of Science and Industry, April picked up on the fact that Cas was way more interested in the exhibits than in her. Cas just kept looking at the cool machines and the explanations of how it all worked and he knew Dean would love it. He was so caught up in that and wishing Dean was there that he had been inadvertently ignoring April. It got so bad that she said something about it.
Zachariah, mercifully, gave the mechanic team a few days off since their work was so well-received at the show.
“CAS AND SOME DUDE SITTING IN A TREE…” Gabriel bellowed as he shut the bathroom door. “K-I-S-S-I-N-G…”
“You going to tell me who did this to you?” Henriksen pried. The fight caused them to move into the dark and Henriksen couldn’t have gotten a good look at them.
He gestured at Cas and Dean stood up, murder in his eyes. He didn’t think Boris would be so bold, if anyone heard what he was implying he was into, plenty of people would have taken issue and he could have gotten hurt.
As much as Dean wanted to take all three of them on, the look on Cas’s face was pleading for him to drop it.
They all looked at him expectantly, especially Dean who was damn curious how he would define what was happening between them.
“Sammy!” Dean called, rushing up to greet him. He dropped his duffel bag and enveloped his little brother in a tight hug. All of his worries and tiredness washed away. At the moment, only the kid safe in his arms mattered.
Dean took a look around the apartment before they went to the huge stadium for graduation. Looking at their picture from high school still above the couch, he had an idea.
He couldn’t believe the brazenness of the guy, lighting up drugs like that near a good amount of people. There also wasn’t a boring answer to his question. Dean liked reading, movies and classic rock. He didn’t want to tell Cas he really wasn’t that exciting.
She dressed like she was trying too hard to be cool and had been generally rude to everyone except Sam. The kid just scoffed and kept eating ice cream.
Inside the mansion after work, Dean went to the kitchen to grab food. There was a commotion in the dining room and it sounded like something broke during the Novaks’ dinner. Yelling rang out and Dean stuck his head in to see what happened. All of the Novaks sat around the dining room table and were silent except for one.
“Why do you care Dean?” Cas said with an exasperated sigh. Dean paused for a moment since Castiel had never called him by his first name and it was weird.
“I…What?” Dean asked. “I’m sorry, I’m still having a hard time grasping the fact that you don’t hate me. You should.”
Cas nodded and carefully lifted his hips before sliding back down, then repeated that with a little more speed.
After she walked away, Cas stood alone feeling pretty shitty. Jo had a point about how Dean usually acted around women but if tonight was any indication, he could turn down his flirting. He hadn’t been lying to Jo about his feelings for Dean, at the time, and it was really shocking how everything was turned around from one kiss.
“Yes,” Dean said with all the confidence he could muster. “I’ve never wanted anyone so bad, I need to feel you, please. Want you to fill me and fuck me, want to feel you for days. I want you to fuck me, please, Cas, fuck me.”
Dean and Cas could both tell by his face that he definitely would tell but only when it would serve in his best interest to use Dean and Cas to his advantage.  Lucifer nodded at them before sauntering off down the hall like the arrogant prick he was.
“Hopefully good things,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. He wouldn’t blame Lisa if she said less than great things about Dean.
It was technically his dad’s but the name wasn’t his. He did apply for it, though, with a fake name since he couldn’t be bothered to hold down a real job too long. Dean was sure his father wouldn’t miss this one. Charlie and Benny didn’t question a free meal.
, Dean thought again. A few quick phone calls confirmed that Sam was not at school or with Ruby. Crowley had no idea either, but that wasn’t a shock.
It was a sore subject and Dean was glad to have an excuse to duck away. Since they were out of sight of the mansion and its many windows, Dean gave Cas a quick kiss before going back to work.
“A demerit is like a warning. They build up and you…. You don’t want that,” Benny explained without Dean asking.
“Unnngh,” he groaned, knees digging painfully into the tile and elbows braced on the porcelain seat.
Cas looked grateful to hear that and was maybe going to say something but Dean leaned in and gently pressed their lips together.
In the morning, Cas woke up by himself. Immediately, he started to berate himself for being so stupid. Dean was gorgeous, why would he…
Dean was released from the hospital two days later and when he was home, the healing process was fairly quick, or at least Dean pretended it was, since the bullet went almost clean through Dean. He stopped wearing the sling sooner than he should have as per Doctor Sexy’s orders and always insisted he didn’t need Cas or Sam’s help, which was crap. So they both did little things to make it easier for him without him knowing.
Sam, as he did every year, had everyone go around the table and say what they were thankful for. He had a long list from school to his new friend Jess and then passed it on. Bobby gave a gruff one-word answer of ‘family,’ Rufus mentioned his Jewish faith and John said, ‘Jack Daniels,’ but Bobby glared at him until he mumbled something about his boys and family coming over and a nice meal.
Cas turned around and repeated the curse. Dean made eye contact with Sam who looked guilty and mouthed “sorry.” The kid must have said where he went but Dean didn’t blame him. His dad probably could have figured it out eventually, the man wasn’t that stupid.
They returned to sitting under a tree. Cas, with his third forkful of the creamy dessert, caught Dean off guard and swiped some of the strawberry sauce on Dean’s face next to his lips.
“I…what? You’re serious?” Dean stammered in reply, looking up to meet Cas’s eyes. The tone of the conversation had changed dramatically.
Their now regular group of five was studying together in the library for an upcoming math test but Dean couldn’t focus. Raphael had stopped by to steal Castiel’s notes and Castiel had let him right before Michael had critiqued his new choice in his friends. No one said a word against the big, bad company leaders even though Dean wanted to.
Dean followed them to throw out their garbage, still trying to regain composure after what happened. The guy seemed to look right through to his soul and Dean had never felt anything quite like it. The guy…
Dean let out a soft laugh, thrilled he could be the one to kiss Castiel Novak for his first time and leave him speechless.
“Yeah. But that doesn’t mean that it wasn’t nice. I mean… I missed that. And you. But we just have to slow down,” Dean explained. “I just need time.”
“Dad, please,” Dean said as his father grabbed his arm roughly and pulled him out of the coffee shop. Cas was following them, a panicked look on his face.
They had been dating for seven years and lived together and maybe Cas didn’t feel the same as he used to and didn’t know how to say it. The thought was so crushing to Dean that he had to excuse himself to the bathroom to catch his breath.
Dean walked back to his room and ran into Cas. Almost literally since he was so preoccupied with everything he learned.
There were countless times when Dean wanted to bring it up but didn’t know how. It was hard to ask what Cas was going to be doing when he knew he wouldn’t be going with. Dean wasn’t about to break up with Cas but it was hard to picture how the college thing would fit into their future.
Dean’s hand tangled in Cas’s hair while the other pressed back against the bookshelf. Cas lowered Dean’s pants and underwear and Dean’s breath caught.
Dean closed his eyes as he remembered being stripped slowly and kissed all over by Cas. The adoration and intimacy as Cas practically worshipped him before sucking him off was unbelievable. Well, the whole night had been unbelievable. With Dean’s help, Cas was a quick learner and very enthusiastic. In Dean’s young life, he hadn’t received many blowjobs but that was definitely the best one. Those perfectly pink lips of Cas’s were seemingly made for it and maybe it was so great because of who was giving it.
It hit Dean what Cas had said. The only thing that he clearly remembered from their conversation now was that Cas said, “You can’t just break my heart and then do this, Dean.” Then maybe he mentioned a relationship? Like he was in one? Wouldn’t that just be Dean’s luck, bother an ex who was married or engaged or something.
Dean stood pacing in his room with his phone in his hand. He still had Lisa’s number and was hesitating to pressing “call.” This was going to be a messy conversation.
Spinning the dial on the safe in a few combinations of the mansion’s address, Dean thought about how his whole life could change soon. With the debt settled, they could make a clean break. In a stroke of genius, he tried the address backwards and the safe sprung open.
Dean hadn’t been able to make it into town since his demerits always piled up and he didn’t want to inconvenience Benny to use his phone again to call Sam. He really wasn’t expecting Sam to call him.
a distraction, Dean. I’ve wanted this since the night in your car that my idiot brother interrupted.”
That hung in the air and Dean kept his eyes down, shame eating away at him. He hated disappointing his dad, as frustrating as the man was, and he hated lying and saying Cas meant nothing.
“Last time was great but it felt rushed. I’d like to take my time,” Cas said, eyes blown wide with lust.
Without questioning it, Dean did. Cas’s hand never left his leg and he immediately whisked them away.
Outside the precinct, Cas smelled cigarette smoke and immediately thought of Dean and the way he always smelled like it. The smell would always remind him of Dean now. He turned to his left and saw the black V-neck wearing gang member from Michael’s crew smoking and froze, anticipating a fight.
Dean laughed a little and ran a hand through his hair. It was funnier when it was a dream. Now, he just kind of felt like a dick.
“Thanks,” Dean cut him off and broke the embrace. There wasn’t any point in talking about what Cas had done. It was over. Benny nodded again in understanding and they split up.
The room got quiet, people stopped talking and Cas was pretty sure the DJ turned the music down. Cas and Dean broke apart but stayed close. Dean’s hand moved to hover over his lower back where his gun always was.
“Wow. Fucking crazy, you are just full of surprises,” Dean said with awe, looking at Cas with his intense eyes. Even in just low streetlights, they were magnificent.
Castiel finally managed to get a good look at Dean, despite the lack of light. Dean had a black eye and blood on his face that was hard to tell where it was coming from. His shirt was torn and there was blood on his arm that was slowly drying but made a line down to bruised and bloodied knuckles.
Cas had something in his bedside table to act as a lubricant which caused Dean to raise his eyebrows. Dean pictured Cas stroking and fingering himself, which was hot, but he refocused on real-life Cas.
Henriksen walked him into the dorm and into the stairwell, starting at the first floor to check for lights out as Dean continued up to the third.
Dean went right to the kitchen to grab a bottle of whiskey. He took it the couch where he sat and drank, thinking about Cas and trying to figure out what the hell he was going to do.
Dean hurried out to the porch and took deep breaths of the hot September air before he realized someone leaned on the railing having a cigarette.
Dean let Cas give him room to reach down and pull his socks off. Cas followed his lead and then took his own shirt off. Dean’s mouth went dry, taking in the muscles and skin and nipples and…
At least Castiel was better to look at, Dean reasoned. The guy’s dark hair was all over the place and his blue eyes were magnetic. Dean had thought about Castiel like this before, how hot he was, but it was impossible to do something about it since they worked together and now Castiel was Dean’s boss. Plus, the guy was a prick.
“How could I forget?” Dean mumbled. The flowers were on their living room table, Dean had picked them up after work and he grabbed them on his way out of the apartment.
Dean steered clear of Anna until Cas suggested he just talk to her after they had stopped at a convenience store. As their big group walked along the sidewalk, Dean dropped back to walk with Anna when he was done talking to Charlie about their latest crazy Star Wars ideas.
It really had been a good week. He woke up with Cas every morning and spent pretty much every minute with him. It was going to be a long week until they could sleep together on the weekend and Dean couldn’t wait. By some miracle, Cas still hadn’t gotten sick of him. Yet.
Cas got to the marriage stop first and Dean caught that he put in another little blue piece in his car instead of a pink one. Dean brushed it off as nothing but it could have been a hint. He was getting used to being more open about his attraction to men as well as women but he still tread a little lightly with men. It didn't go well in the past when he misread situations.
“And why do you know Dean?” Gabriel changed the topic, gesturing at Dean and practically spitting Dean’s name like it was a foul word.
Dean found the tiny room Sam was sleeping in and gently woke him up. Sam jumped awake from under a big plaid blanket and was very clearly shocked to see Dean.
A stern look woman with her hair in a tight bun and her mouth set in a disapproving line stepped forward. Dean could have sworn he knew her from somewhere, the intimidating presence was familiar.
“You sold on OUR turf!” Crowley shouted. Crowley’s guys were getting angrier as well and started yelling and cursing. A few guys on each side were stepping closer and closer.
Cas refrained from letting out a gasp. He knew they were coming but what was Lucifer doing here? And where were the cops?
The three of them continued the Star Wars marathon with the next two movies. That meant the last one from before and then the first prequel. After, they went to bed where Dean and Cas did the same thing as the night before, quietly moving together until they came together.
“Well, now you know. And I would like to hide in my room now,” Cas said, attempting to pass by Dean and escape the situation.
“Those always sucked,” Dean laughed. “Never had one but definitely went to a few. Eat shit pizza and sing ‘happy birthday’ to a kid you don’t really know? What a joke.”
“He won’t know it’s mine, I don’t think he pays that much attention. Besides, you own his ass in eight days when you turn eighteen.”
“Come on, we have to get you inside, it’s freezing,” Cas said. Dean already felt very cold. Cas gently got a shoulder under one of Dean’s arms and helped them both up and inside. It was a painstaking effort to get to the elevator and up to the apartment but they managed.
By the time he finished, all in one breath, tears had welled up in his eyes and Dean couldn’t believe how selfish he had acted.
“So,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his next, “Benny couldn’t make it but I, uh, decided something. I can trust you. I mean, after last night… not many people I hang with would help me like you did, you know?”
Instead of overthinking what the kiss meant and how Castiel felt, Dean decided to enjoy the moment. He could think tomorrow. With a dopey grin, he went up to his room with dinner. He meant to stop smiling when he walked in but found it impossible.
Right away, Cas was all over Dean and had him back against the closed front door. Dean tossed his soaked leather jacket aside and got his hands back on Cas.
Without another word, fists were flying. Michael landed a punch to Dean’s gut and received a solid right hook to his jaw in return. Raphael tried to grab him from behind so he threw his head back to head butt him. Dean heard a solid crack and hoped he broke his nose. Lucifer got a hold of one of Dean’s arms which allowed Michael to get several solid punches in as Dean tried to wriggle away. Raphael gathered himself and grabbed Dean’s other arm. He twisted, trying to get out of their grip as Michael kept punching but to no avail. He kept using his feet to kick at all three of them but it didn’t really have any effect.
“It was my fault you were there, I couldn’t just let you get in trouble,” Dean said, trying to shrug it off.
Cas lifted his head up and took Dean’s hands to pin them both down above his head. The display of dominance and fierceness in Cas’s eyes had Dean’s dick even harder.
For the next week, he asked to be alone a lot and only left his room to go to the bathroom. In his room, he could pretend it didn’t happen. He could pretend it was all okay if he ignored the rest of the world. The world that took Cas away. He couldn’t stomach a lot of food, either and just stayed in bed.
They ate, sitting on the counter, in comfortable silence. Dean licked his plate clean to get all of the apple pie filling and Cas made a face at him. Dean made a face back and Cas set down his half-eaten pie.
“All right. But you can always talk to us even though you’re running the show. Benny and I are older and will noogie it out of you if we have to,” Garth joked.
“Nothing,” Cas sighed, smacking Dean lightly on the arm when he laughed. Dean was still very close to Cas and could hear the entire phone conversation.
What if Cas woke up and decided it was all a mistake? Maybe his grace was acting up for another reason and he regretted sleeping with Dean and took back the “I love you?” For another matter, why was Cas sleeping? He had his mojo back.
“You’re infuriating and I can’t stop thinking about you,” Castiel admitted. “When we first met, I just wanted to punch you…”
A week later and Cas still had no plans of any grand love confessions. He and Dean got back from a movie and Cas agonized over holding Dean’s hand the whole time. They could have grabbed dinner first, gone for drinks after… The scenario in his head of their fake date was consuming enough that Cas couldn’t even name the movie if his life depended on it.
“Again with the laughter. I didn’t know I was such a comedian,” Henriksen said, stopping his lecture and the boys’ muffled chuckles who tried to turn them into coughing.
At Cas’s front door, he tried to stay calm and cool and it seemed to be working because Cas didn’t seem to think Dean was nuts. Well, any more than usual.
“Hey,” Dean said, guiding Cas’s face up with his hand as they watched their movie on the couch in Dean’s living room. “What’s going on?”
The summer was wonderful and passed quietly and blissfully. The lack of gangs, drugs and violence was a welcome change to their lives. They almost didn’t know how to handle their stress-free lives.
“Sammy, what’s wrong? You look like you saw a ghost, man,” Dean observed, heading to the little kitchen.
They sat in Dean’s car, technically his father’s, in front of a loud, large and crowded house. It was only because Dean said he was going to the library that John had even let him take the car since he always behaved.
They sat hand-in-hand on a square concrete bench that was around a huge flowerbox. Cas leaned over to whisper his thanks for a great day in Dean’s ear and then kept leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder as they enjoyed the music.
Cas tried not to laugh as Dean kept getting more frustrated trying to win the damn game. Many dollars later, Dean finally won and did a dorky happy dance.
“Be careful,” Charlie cautioned. It was past lights out but Dean didn’t care. He just needed a moment by himself.
When they got back to the school, the two of them went to Dean’s room so he could hang up the poster.
“Seriously?” Cas asked, not entirely surprised Gabriel had gotten arrested but extremely annoyed at his timing.
Cas’s jeans joined his shirt on the floor and Dean took his own shirt off. He crawled back up above Cas to kiss him, just roughly enough, and ran his hands up and down as much skin as he could touch. Dean kissed his way back down and finally got to Cas’s cock.
Cas’s mouth went dry. It hurt to hear him say his name like it tasted wrong and he wasn’t sure he wanted to know.
Dean remembered thinking how selfish he first thought Castiel was, but he loved how kind Castiel could be and he liked Castiel even more than he already did for doing that. Dean knew it must have made a difference to Jo for someone in the Novak family to apologize, even if Castiel hadn’t been the one screaming at her.
It was Cas’s turn to get on one knee and it was lucky that Dean wasn’t eating cake or he would have choked, too.
Dean paused and inhaled, deeply. Cas couldn’t see his face but he guessed he was narrowing his eyes at what he smelled.
Dean nodded. This was one of the first fantasies he had of Cas, being on his knees in front of him, but the real thing was much better.
He hung out with Sam briefly as he would be flying back the next day. Jo and Ellen offered to take Madison to lunch, which meant interrogating her since she was now dating Sam, so Sam came to Dean’s alone.
Gabriel’s response was his signature eyebrow wiggle. Castiel rolled his eyes and exited the apartment. He walked down the street towards the address he was given with a weird mixture of excitement and fear. This was new territory for him and he didn’t know what to expect. Anyone could be at this party. Maybe Dean and Benny didn’t have dangerous records but other people might.
“Well, since the electricity is already blown and those two won’t come back for a while, what do you say we go again?” Dean offered.
“Yeah, well, I hope you’re glad you made me fall in love with you,” Dean said, his voice getting softer as he looked at the ground. “How could you do this, Cas?” His voice had gotten so diminished Cas almost didn’t hear him but the heartbreak was clear.
The door opened and Castiel walked in. Dean’s stomach did a flip that he chose to pretend didn’t happen.
The guy looked up and tilted his head to the side. Dean found it hard to believe how blue the guy’s eyes were. He had dark brown hair that made it look like he had just gotten up from a nap.
When Cas arrived at the corner, only Dean was there. He was in the shade under the store’s awning again in a black t-shirt and jeans.
Finally, Dean texted and made plans to officially take Cas on a date. Cas had seemed to respond quickly and eagerly and Dean was interpreting it as a good sign.
“You could have told us,” Benny said. “You’re like family to us and we support you. What held you back?”
He got back to his thankfully empty room and got dressed before throwing himself into his homework. With Cas’s explanation earlier, Dean could handle it. As long as he didn’t think of what came after.
“Yes, sir,” Cas answered. He gave Dean a prodding look. He proceeded to grab his stuff and followed Cas to his room.
Cas climbed back into bed and over Dean who realized the bottle was lube. Dean’s mind went to anal and how he wasn’t ready for that, and the panic must have shown in his eyes.
Crowley had a smug look as did the rest of the gang, like they knew all along and couldn’t wait to use it against them. Some older relatives of Benny’s and Andrea’s had looks of what might have been disgust, being from the South and all. Cas didn’t care one bit. He only cared about Dean.
Dean let out a small sigh of relief. He felt guilty enough that his dad drove because he let him get his keys and couldn’t stop him leaving. If anything happened to that other family…
Dean had almost forgotten that entire exchange. He couldn’t think of words to say because he couldn’t defend himself now. He had lied to Cas and did hurt him.
“We warm up, do some exercises. Nothing too bad. March around a little sometimes or drill,” Benny explained.
Once they got started with that, there was a comfortable routine they fell into. Dean drove Cas as much as he could when they went to work at similar times and would pick him up as often as possible, too. They never missed a class with Pamela and they were both doing well.
“Dean, it’ll be okay,” Cas reassured Dean, kissing the knuckles of the hand he had been holding most of the day.
He wasn’t one for heart-to-hearts but if Cas needed to talk, he was there because he genuinely cared. He wasn’t just saying it to get in his pants. Mostly because he already did but also because this was different.
“Holy shit, I’m so fucking sorry man,” Castiel said, a slight slur to his words, “I thought you were someone else. Oh my God.”
Their faces were close and they only needed to whisper. Dean wanted to ask what the nightmares were about but he figured Cas would tell him when he was ready. He was surprised Cas was letting him comfort him after what happened before they went to bed.
“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me,” Dean said out loud and with a slight slur to the empty apartment. Dean really wasn’t in the mood but he had drank enough that he answered.
He had a panicked thought about Castiel going right to Zachariah and claiming Dean did something unwanted, but he shook it away. Castiel had reciprocated, kissed him back and meant it. Dean knew Castiel could have pushed him away or left earlier than he did but instead he had kissed Dean more thoroughly than he had ever been kissed.
The two dressed in the best clothes they brought and went farther from their motel than they had before.
Cas was back kissing Dean and kicking the door shut behind them. Without separating their mouths, Cas had them back on the bed and only stopped kissing to work Dean’s shirt off.
He did find something useful called a Kinsey scale that stated Dean was at a two. It meant more hetero than homo but absolutely bisexual. At least that word he had heard of before.
Benny thought about it. Dean clearly hated this place and wasn’t here voluntarily. Charlie could be right about that much. But his roommate and Castiel? Although it would be one reason for Castiel to become a more consistent presence.
Chuck left and Henriksen came back in the room. Henriksen led Dean into the same cell Cas spent the night in months ago. Dean turned to face the wall and immediately fell asleep.
Dean was rubbing sleep out of his eyes when he saw Cas on the couch and paused. He was still wearing his clothes from last night, a black T-shirt and jeans. His leather jacket must have been in his room somewhere.
Dean spent Sunday under the hoods of several cars, getting good and dirty until it was quitting time. It was a small help to clear his head for a little bit at a time. Cars were easy to understand and sometimes Dean preferred them to people. It was a problem to solve and then another came along and it was simple to Dean. They made sense to him.
It was nice being on the same page as his roommate so quickly. Home was a tricky subject that Dean would avoid talking about if he could. Dean knew he came off a little rough around the edges when he first met people so friends weren’t always so easy to come by. As the new kid, friends could come in handy but he never needed them before. But Benny was a good guy and not a dick like their neighbor. Plus, there was a lot Benny knew about this place Dean didn’t. The kid could be a valuable ally while he was stuck here.
There was a vague recollection of Cas driving and he didn’t mind. Normally, he’d be furious if someone other than him or Sam drove the Impala. Hell, he barely let Sam drive it.
His mood improved after talking to Castiel. He turned in his half-completed assignments the next day and didn’t care about the teachers’ disapproving looks.
Cas got a flutter of excitement through his entire body that he hadn’t felt in a long time. God, he had missed that feeling. Even if Dean was mad, Castiel got to sit across from him and have dinner with him. God, just to hear his voice would be amazing.
Starting the second semester, Dean and Cas met a couple of new friends from their classes. They now had a guy from Louisiana named Benny and a girl named Meg who Dean forgot where she was from. Dean had class with Benny, another engineering major, and Cas had class with Meg. Dean and Cas didn’t have class together this semester but Cas still insisted he come to the library with him to study, keeping it their time to spend together.
Dean’s jaw dropped just a little and he had no idea what to say. He was particularly distracted by the tattoos peeking out from Cas’s black short sleeve T-shirt.
Dinner was at the nicest place in town. Apparently, as part of his improved self, John had worked extra hours and made a reservation a while ago. The place was packed with other families celebrating the graduation.
Up on the second floor where Zachariah’s office was, Dean again picked the lock. Benny stayed at the end of the hallway as a lookout while the other four got in to the office. Garth stayed by the door in case Benny needed to signal that someone was coming. Dean, Cas and Charlie went over to the desk that had Zachariah’s computer on top.
It didn’t take long for their movements to falter before coming, a low groan from each of them that wasn’t too loud. The last thing they needed was anyone hearing them and finding out.
Dean could only nod as he palmed over Cas’s cock. He was in a room, alone, with a boy and they were almost naked. The exhilaration of that alone made Dean even harder. Dean’s hand was only separated from another guy’s dick by one layer of fabric. He knew he could stop Cas, put his clothes on and run, but he didn’t want to. He needed to feel Cas against him without clothes this time.
