Sherlock takes John’s hand as they continue out into another hallway, following the breadcrumbs. The detective feels like he’s shaking… but he’s not nervous. No, not shaking... bouncing, especially in his bu-
He brought his haul back down with him and started squirreling it away around the sofa, the tape sitting innocently on the cushion before him, waiting.
John isn’t certain if he screams as he comes or if it is utterly silent. His vision goes as his eyes roll back, Sherlock digging his fingers into his plump and fattening middle, the man’s cock grazing his prostate deliciously as he feels the man’s huge gut shudder against, Sherlock’s own climax spilling hotly inside John. Pleasure radiates through the good doctor as he splatters against the wall and his own protruding belly. He collapses after, but Sherlock keeps a hold of him, squashing him into his gut.
"You want to leave out Father Christmas's favorite cookies so he'll come visit and bring you a present," John reminded him, smiling at his lover. He fetched a plate and laid several cookies out neatly on the dish.
"C-cookies. We still have...have so many batches I..." Sherlock trailed off, biting his lip with a small moan as his eyes ate up John's form.
"Shame I never considered eating interesting before, this might have happened sooner," murmured the detective, leaning into John's affections.
"Oh God!" John groaned, then huffed a laugh. "We won't be able to move after." He grinned at Sherlock and reached over to rub the other man's belly. Sherlock sighed happily, slumping down further as it gurgled.
John swallowed, looking up at his detective, at his lover, at his Sherlock, his life. The question on his lips was all at once so simple and so profound.
"So-fuck-ing- huge! Fat! God, you're such a hog, Sherlock. I should have guessed! And now - hah- you're too- la-hah-lazy to lose any of it, you're just going to be my fah-fucking massive fat hog!"
"John! John!" the detective calls, grabbing the man’s arms to stop him, three of the imps are dead, the last two desperately trying to get away.
"Come on, Sherlock. I think it's this way. We've got to be getting close now." John’s foot nudges a small box. More bullets. Okay.
John goes back to the bundle on the floor and withdraws in shock. It’s a soldier's uniform, dusty as the floor, the head in the helmet only a grinning skull. John swallows and rolls his unfortunate predecessor over, rummaging in his pockets for clues about how he could avoid that same fate. He is certainly in a war zone, and somehow he has little doubt that Sherlock’s here too.
John smiled and pulled out a large two-liter bottle of soda from the bag along with a pint of the fancy French vanilla bean ice cream Sherlock liked and some crispy wafers.
“J-Joh-oooh yes!” Sherlock responded, flattening himself obediently against the wall. “All yours. All of me!”
Sherlock moves down the staircase, the cheery music turning a bit louder, and since it’s on repeat he feels like he knows every note now, and can’t help but hum along.
In the corner of Sherlock’s new room, there is a small hole, and through it hop about half a dozen, toddler-sized chocolate bunnies. Sherlock doesn’t think to try to knock through the door, or to try and fight them.  He does what any six-year-old would do when they’re scared.
There’s a loud "Booooo!" behind them as Moriarty continues to shake and wobble angrily against the floor.
“So fucking rude, Sherlock,” John rumbled, jabbing at his bloated belly, and the detective shivered and nodded.
John notices that Sherlock has snapped back to normal and he pulls his hands from the man’s belly quickly. He helps haul Sherlock to his feet, feeling the detective’s new belly brush against his own toned one. The two of them are suddenly quite close.  John steps back.
John gives the tape player a bit of a nod, as if to salute the man who met his fate before them. He looks at the large book before them and swallows. There's a new name, the ink shining against the more faded names above it: Sherlock Holmes. The weight category is smudged, but getting clearer. The doctor purses his lips and looks up at the detective again.
"Go on. You can do it. I know you can," he murmured. Sherlock gave an odd hiccup that sounded more like a burp, his belly sloshing slightly, then he nodded, and accepted it, throwing his head back to gulp down the last of it.
The room is dark, except for one, single, illuminated television hanging out...but actually it appears to be more part of...the wall. Its edges look...like gingerbread, decorated as if to make a child's eyes go wide with wonder, and some - some very small part of our hero - actually feels that way. The frosting is intricate, riddled with gumdrops and little, chocolate-chip smiley face. Sherlock feels his mouth water ever-so-slightly, but then re-focuses on what's on the screen - John.
The room was dimly lit in a soft red glow. A fire crackled and popped in the grate, leaving the room almost too warm on the rather mild summer night. It seemed to invite the removal of clothing, sweat, and sin.
John laughed and gave Sherlock’s belly a few pats. “Sorry,” he added, “For getting jealous like that.”
John trailed off, rubbing the back of his neck. He was getting hard. Why the hell was he getting hard? It was disgusting wasn't it? Sad? Seeing how the man had let himself go? How the other kept feeding him. It couldn't be healthy...
"The amount of times you've let me prattle on about bees and honey. The month you let me think we were actually going to keep them in the flat?" He laughed, standing and muffling a small belch, moving to get two more teas, returning and finishing his slice, lost in the memories of his best friend....so many of which seemed to revolved around food.
"Fuck!" the soldier shouts, furious with himself. That was a mistake. Several more sets of antenna rear up and scuttle towards him. John takes aim carefully and fires. He doesn't have many bullets to waste. He backs into the door, slamming his shoulder, damnit always the bad one, into it.
"You're fat," Sherlock returned, waiting on the bed on all fours, gut hanging lower, brushing the covers as he crawled across them, settling down across from John, gut pouring out before him, wide hips arching up into the air.
"You okay?" he pants, still feeling rage burn through him, "Let's go. Don't you fucking eat another bite. Got it?"
"Fuck! Fuck yes! John you'll look tiny by the time I'm done gorging, we'll be the fattest men in New London! In the world!" He growled, belly snapping open his trousers, the buttons of his shirt, flooding it against John's enormous, caramel mountain. His bony chest swelled to budding breasts, then full, fat tits, short falling to the floor in tatters around him
Moran tapped the glass again. "Make a round of the block. Stop anywhere that sells food and buy more."
Sherlock moaned, then felt a pressure building up inside him. He tried to move away, but ended up unleashing a chocolaty belch with force enough to ruffle his doctor's hair.
He swallowed and took the wine, placed it on the mantle, then trailed his hand back up over those straining buttons.
"Mm too," Sherlock grunted, breathing rather shallowly, his fingers trembling as they cupped his overfed middle. He felt ready to explode. He looked over at John and found him smiling lazily at him.
Colonel Moran clicks his tongue. "Safe? Oh, I doubt that very much, Watson. Just look at the state of your affairs." He nods at the tent, then his cold grey eyes fix back on the ex army doctor. "No one could be safe in your care or guidance, why, you've been heading in the wrong way. Haven't you noticed things have only been getting worse?"
the detective arched his back, keening softly, then burping once more. He smiled lazily down at John.
"And what about you? Think you can help me, officer? Or did you stuff yourself so full you can't even move?"
There’s a small tearing sound and then a hiss, followed by an agonized scream from the girl and a terrified scream from Mick
The detective shakes his head again then manages to speak. "Ok, ok. We we’re kidnapped by Moriarty, made to find one another...and we're in a candy house where we know at least one person has eaten until they’ve exploded." The panic starts to rise again, but I tamp it down.
"Sherlock," he says gently, softly, as to not disturb the room, but also to try to coax the detective out of hiding. "Don't let him get to you. It's not true. He's just saying that to upset you. You're fine. Really. We'll get you out of here and back to normal. Promise. Look at me. Please?"
anything related to this awful holiday!" The curly haired skeleton growled, stomping toward the kitchen.
"Come and see," Sherlock replied, placing the last of the dishes out on the small kitchen table that was creaking with the weight of all the food piled onto it.
"N-nothing," Sherlock spluttered, swallowing as his mouth watered inexplicably. He felt he should avert his eyes, but couldn't bring himself to.
"How many questions? Shall we make an amendment to your deal? For each question, you will owe me one course of a meal. I do hope you have enough to feed me, enough questions to give me a feast. And then yes. I will gladly take your body..." His eyes roved the mortal's hungrily, eyes shining blue.
He spread his hand across Sherlock's chest, feeling the buttons strain beneath his fingers as he pressed him back against the wall, crowding into him, their middles brushing. He slipped Sherlock's jacket off his shoulders. That neck. For a moment John only heard the other man's heartbeat pounding in his ears, his thirst screaming. But… all the better to wait.
He licked his fingers clean, rubbing his overfilled middle as he looked at the clock. He had time for a quick nap, surely. He wiped a bit of the chocolate from his face, leaning back into the sofa, his domed middle pouring into his lap, and felt his eyelids grow heavy, drifting off to his sugary coma.
Sherlock opened it with a snap and lifted it to his mouth with both hands. Then he began to drink... And drink.
The detective then immediately forced his trousers down, gripping himself and imagining John tying him to that chair, imaging him tying John, letting images of food and fat flood his over-aroused mind and finishing with a desperate cry
"Just keep moving, Sherlock. You're alright," John says, giving the detective’s hand a squeeze. He fires a single round behind them as something wanders a bit too close. The gun clicks. Shit!
His sim cock was all the remained of his former body, the dark swirls of his crotch now springing from padded softness, cock pushed outwards by snogging thighs which curved to meaty calves. His fine socks and leather shoes grew tight, Sherlock kicking them off to give room to the newfound chub of his toes, fingers plump sausages as the sunk into John's love handles, two mountainous guts kissing with almost equal fervor as the man and spirit who owned them
“Oi, don't knock the man that kept my neck from being broken," John replies tartly. He takes Sherlock’s hand and squints at the footprints.
"Oh yes, frightening stuff for a mother to read. Sometimes I'm glad I don't find out about those cases until they're over," said Mrs. Holmes, doling out fried potatoes onto her husband's plate. "Tuck in, boys. You must be starving."
"Oh, er, yeah. Here, let me just... help you up." John lets his arms slide from Sherlock and backs up a few steps, then offers the detective both of his arms to heave the man to his feet. John checks his gun again and brings it out.
"Don't you think you've had enough?" he asked, clapping a hand on Sherlock's arse and delighting in the way it caused ripples to dance through the new flesh.
Someone requested a sequel that explored what the two of them have gotten up to know that fattening Sherlock is a collaborative effort. ;) enjoy!
“Naughty,” the taller man growls, his eyes alight with a spark of danger, a smirk curling his softened features. He should look cherubic with those round plump cheeks and a thick ring of chins around his jaw, but somehow he only looks more dangerous, his dark curls like the halo of some dark prince of gluttony; a heavy rhino about to charge. Unstoppable.
The dining table stretches long down the middle of the room, overstuffed with every type of sweet imaginable. Pastries upon pies upon cakes. A giant, sugar-crystal shines above the table, illuminating the entire room in warm, welcoming light
Sherlock leaned over, taking a bite out the piece and letting out a pleased hum, snatching the rest from the man's hands as he set down another fattening, sugary, heavy tea, sipping at the one he brought himself. He looked over the spread of jams and slathered one with more butter than John had, then a thick coating of apple jam, Mrs. Hudson's canning phase leaving them with almost a dozen types
He was getting hard. Fast. And so full. So very full. He shifted carefully, but accepted the pizza as it was offered to him, eating it and pretending to watch the movie. He could feel his shapewear growing tighter with every bite.
The cockroach scuttles past and stops. As soon as it faces them, John fires right into its ugly face.
Nearly every meal he ate lead to a quick trip to the loo for a wank, imagining how his belly would bulge out, round and fat, if he undid his underclothes.
Then there’s more clicking behind the two of them, coming nearer, and Sherlock points to an open door near the end of the hall, it looks like... like a spa room.
"Oh, bugger, almost forgot about the gingerbread. They'll need icing." He stood and stripped off the rest of his costume, then went to the kitchen. He stood before the large tray of undecorated gingerbread. He looked down at his middle, prodded the muscles, then ate each and every one of the cookies before him as he iced them, his stomach protesting and gurgling by the time the next batch had been baked.
"Dinner?" he asked, feeling hungry already. He'd missed his usual dinner hour to visit the scene. Now he could really do with a good Pad Thai... or two. Maybe even three if he was feeling up to it. He rubbed his belly idly and didn't even notice that John's acceptance came as an odd stutter. John insisted on getting their meals to go and bought Sherlock an extra portion of chocolate mango mousse. Which was quite nice.
"Fuck off," John mutters, turning away from the wall and looking around the room again. A door, which looks like solid chocolate, catches his eye. He steps towards it and his foot nudges a small box that rattles.
From there, word only spread. As did various parts of Sherlock’s anatomy. Several members of the Yard began offering Sherlock food at every opportunity, apparently only having gotten half the story. Still, the no longer quite so lanky detective ate the offerings happily even as John frowned a bit in the background. Even Mrs. Hudson had picked up on the secret. Now whenever Sherlock was being particularly stroppy or destructive, she baked him a cake. Granted, he didn’t have to eat the whole thing in one sitting. He often did, though. John would come home to find his lover snoring on the sofa and covered in icing and crumbs, hands folded atop a now quite expansive belly that slowly rose and fell with his deep breaths.
"Oh well...if you want to," Sherlock said, trying not to sound too disappointed, "Maybe I could order a pizza or something for when you come back? Watch one of those spy films?"
The journey was rather quite. John's fingers tapped incessantly against his knee until Sherlock's long warm fingers settled on top of them.
He smirked as Greg grunted and groaned, leaning against the wall to get to his feet, his belly clearly pulling him off balance, his soft barrel of a chest looking even wider as he stood, his chubby face scrunched up with effort. Greg reached down to help Sherlock, his other hand supporting his own gut. It still flopped and jiggled tantalizingly against his cock.
He smiled at his flat mate and best friend... and perhaps something more that he couldn't say just yet.
"Hm," said John, chuckling even as he immediately missed the weight of Sherlock on his shoulder. Maybe it was for the best. Easier to hide his weight like this. "Some might call that madness, but no, you've got it too. Something about us is just... right. I guess."
"So, that's a yes then?" he teased, drawing his arms around the lanky man, his round belly bumping into Sherlock's. He willed himself not to blush.
"I'm glad we understand each other," he murmured, undoing the man's collar, his fingers cold against Sherlock's hot soft chest.
John threw the other man a dark grin, then slipped a hand down to pump at Sherlock's erection, reaching under flab  and jerking him off in time to his thrusts which grew more and more erratic until-
"Turn over," he murmured, shifting off a little bit so Sherlock could move, his hand moving down to rub at Sherlock's side in return.
Sherlock waddles over to the wall behind the throne-fit-for-his-fat-ass and gives it sharp whack with his wide hip, and a panel flies open, revealing a hallway illuminated by soft light at the end.  The sounds of an angrily squeaking chair and a "Wait, where are they?!" are heard, along with a soft chuckle from a female voice.
"Well you...if you’re going to run you might as well. I’ll have a pizza with your name on it and whatever those Q films are you like by the time you get back," he said, giving the man's hand a pat, desperately wishing he could just lean forward and kiss him.
"Sherlock?" He breathes, voice barely above a whisper. John’s hand goes automatically to his belt. He’s surprised, but relieved, to find his gun there.
"How's it going fat arse? Don't you want more? A big gut like that, well. I'd wager you're still hungry," he said, turning back to Sherlock and tearing a chunk of candy floss bedspread off the nearest bed and holding it out to the detective.
Meanwhile John hand moved back, rolling the cheeks of Sherlock's gigantic arse in his hands, causing each snowy globe to ripple and shift, fall heavily as he dropped them. He growled and leaned down to nuzzle into the soft flesh, licking and kissing, biting ate the soft fat flesh. He unbuttoned his own shirt quickly, did away with his trousers. He dug his fingers nails into that pristine white arse, marking it further as he took another bite and sucked until there was a bruise.
"Gorgeous, yes! Fuck yes! Oooooh Sherlock, Sherlock you prince among men," John groaned, feeding them both, his cock hard and slick with precum between their bloated bellies.
"Yeah, you two," she replied, then went to buy a drink at the other end of the bar. Just in time too. The next date was slated to meet in just five minutes. Sherlock swallowed a growl when the clock ticked steadily past the allotted time. Honestly, was punctuality dead? He got up to use the loo. Damn all that water.
John turns around as a cheery voice hails him. He looks back  to Sherlock, who nods with mild annoyance, his brow furrowed, chubby cheeks slowly working as he chews through a large bearclaw. His eyes flit all over a rather gruesome triple homicide, his big brain clearly puzzling out the hows and whys of it.
He swallowed and murmured, "There's no need to thank me... We're friends. We look out for each other."
Their mountainous guts jiggling madly as they squashed, the flesh letting out a loud slap as they came together, navels meeting as Sherlock's moonlight skin crashed against John's fuzzy gut.
He pushes against the door but it doesn't seem to shift.  He tries pulling. No avail. John taps on the glass.
But it was...odd. Thinking deeper, his "brother" had never seemed to age a day as he grew up. Always the same portly man with a high hairline and a nose like a beak. His round, fat middle straining his waistcoat. His wide bottom swaying up and down the halls of Holmes manor to berate servants that displeased Mummy or Father in some way. The same wrinkles of his forehead folding up in exasperation as Sherlock wrapped himself like a snake around his pot-bellied bodyguard and hissed for him to go away. It was almost if Mycroft was...ageless. Eternal. And perhaps all younger siblings see that but...
God, he'd never felt...better! His mind was so...empty. He just wanted to eat and sleep and...his mind trailed off. What had he been thinking about?
So familiar a name for so foreign an entity. And a Baron at that. The Holmes were far lesser nobles than he-
"Sh-hah-fuck!" he came harder than he had in his life, his vision swimming for a moment as he slumped against the stall. He panted and set about cleaning himself up, shuddering and shaking still.
"Oh, yeah. We can try. And Yeah... Greg could come," said John, feeling slightly concerned. Well... he could surprise Sherlock in the morning then. The others were bound to notice. Harry would have a field day if she came and saw her brother gone all soft like this.
John chuckled, "No, I'm afraid I don't know anyone by that name. Least not since the 1800s." He smiled and Deliah laughed. Sherlock turned subtly to get a better view.
"Sure thing, boss," Moran purred, trailing his fingers along Moriarty's chin. He tapped the glass of the car and the driver slid the hatch open.
"JOHN’S supposed to be the pig not SHERLOCK! YOUVE RUINED EVERYTHING!" He slams his fists on the table repeatedly.
That didn't stop him from imagining Sherlock joining him however, eating until those stupidly tight shirts sprang off him and that lanky figure and skeletal face were plumped and rounded. Until he looked more like a blimp than a detective.
His entire body felt like it had caught fire. Like it had been struck by lightning. He was drowning in pleasure. Being reborn a fresh, new creature.
Sherlock hurried down the stairs of 221b, having been hiding away in his Mind Palace for the past several hours, finding everything to be...
Sherlock swallowed. "Slipped passed as Duchess De La Marché made a scene about losing her invitation. She's quite the fury when scorned." He gulped, not sure if the kiss was an invitation. Or a threat.
"You're amazing," he murmured, then gave Sherlock a nudge with his belly to get him onto the bed as he dug out the ice cream and the spoon.
John sat down with his tea in his chair, ruffling a newspaper. It was a quiet Sunday. No cases. No surgery shifts. Just tea.
"John what is? This can’t be real,” he says, prodding a finger into his firm, taut gut and letting out a hiss when it hurts. "This doesn’t make any sense." He moves his hands from his stomach to the sides of his head. He tries to take deep breaths, but simply ends up panting, his overfilled stomach making it difficult to breathe.
"Pity, I was hoping you was him. You fit the description all right," she continued still smiling warmly. Yes, there was no doubting her interest, but John's? No... That was just his polite smile. Somehow, although it ruined his chances for data, Sherlock couldn't help but feel relieved.
“Closer to four actually,” Greg answers proudly through a mouthful of sugar and bacon. “What about you?”
"John, you are wearing far too many clothes." The chubby noble grinned. He rolled his wide arse, daring to puff out his pudgy middle.
"Yeah. Really fuckin hungry," John agreed, still rubbing, one finger drifting to his navel and circling it. Sherlock found his mouth positively watering. How would John feel like this? Warm, definitely. Perhaps even soft? More likely springy... that light dusting of gold hair was pulling a growl from the detective's throat.
"Thank you, everything looks amazing," said John, nodding and scanning the table again. The smells had been driving him mad, making his stomach clench and growl in interest. But where to start?
John chuckled and gave the man a bump back, groaning softly as his sensitive nipples were toyed with.
The music seems to be getting louder as John walks through the dim hallway. His eyes have adjusted, but there's little to see. There's a door up ahead, though, so John walks carefully towards it, gun still poised at the ready. It seems forever away, as if all his walking isn't bringing it any closer. Frustrated, he breaks into a jog. Then finally, when the doctor is panting and gasping, he reaches the door. John peers in through the glass window and sees another sugary colorful room. And there's someone in there.
It lets out a small whine, then starts quietly crying, holding a little arm over its dead, black, button eyes as it runs back up the stairs and its cries echo down the hall.
"Hm, then maybe love is blind after all," says Moran, his hand moves to draw his own pistol, he's too quick and now they’re at a standoff. His other hand still dangles the sweet cotton over Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock laughed. "You're absolutely right, I'm mere seconds from fading out of existence due to malnourishment." He gave his huge soft gut a smack that sent the flesh jiggling.
“Of course you are,” Sherlock replies, opening his eyes wide and blinking at John innocently. “I’m merely looking after my captain.”
There's no response from Sherlock, just sniffles, so John turns back and catches the detective hiding in his sleeve. The doctor’s heart breaks a little, seeing that those words somehow got to Sherlock.
He nearly falls over Sherlock as the door gives way, crushing one of the chocolate bunnies. Then John sees Sherlock struggling with the one in his mouth. He grabs at the remaining chocolate and tosses it aside. He grabs the detective’s face in his hands. "Sherlock, are you okay? We have to move." John looks down. Oh God, his stomach.
"N-Now without sound," he said, not looking back to either man, simply watching those guts jiggle and shake soundlessly, hearing some breathing in the room go ragged, most likely his own.
"Maybe you should try that more often," John teased, prodding the bit of pale skin he caught sight of between the man's buttons, "Put some meat on your bones."
"S-stop? Don’t stop." Sherlock smiles dreamily, but the music cuts out for some reason and he snaps back to reality. The man blushes, totally unaware of the weight he’s gained.
John grinned lazily into the kiss, then began on the second burger, still moaning at Sherlock’s treatment of his navel.
"Oh, yeah. Thanks," said John, taking the opportunity to cram down more of the butter slathered bread before his flat mate returned. He gulped down his tea, humming softly and rubbing at his belly, feeling the roundness that was pushing out against the tight spandex beneath his jumper. He found his navel and prodded it, then quickly stopped before he was tempted to travel further south. He ruffled his newspaper again and awaited his tea.
And one taste was all it took. At least, Jim assumed, in seeing two of his 130 pound lab techs blow up enough to pop out of their coats. It just took one, tiny drop to get them addicted enough to eat themselves
He grinned, grabbing the ocean of vanilla that was his gut with both hands. He wobbled it against John's own caramel Dream, purring with nothing short of lust.
Another six months into their game, and John is very proud of his piggy’s progress. He tells him so as he is taking his measurements, kissing soft fat padded shoulder blades as he draws the measuring tape tight around the man’s soft flabby middle. He’s moved past potbelly now, into the territory of a proper belly, a
"F-urp- fuck yeah," John belched, then chuckled, laying back with a moan, his overfull belly arching high above him. He reached for Sherlock's belly as well, groping and squeezing at it.
Then he clears his throat and answers, "I love you too. Now lets get out of here. We need to find you some new trousers I think."
The detective frowned, noting the pine tree strewn with lights in the small living room, bows and tinsel covering damn-near everything in sight, and that
"Off home then," he said, following Sherlock out of the Yard. He hailed a cab, still not looking at his flatmate, his mind still spinning. Somehow he still felt flustered and hot.
The detective looks at John again and laughs.  "John, this has been... I nearly popped... I ate a bed... I’m fat and... and I think that-"
The two piggies roll about, grunting and moaning, kissing the spilled sweets from each other’s softened bodies, exploring each other with eager fingers and tender lips. The dishes rattle as their two soft bodies crash and squash up against each other, bellies kissing and breasts slapping. Finally Mycroft steps in, rapping the table with his knuckles.
"J-Jawn!" he whimpers, his tone scared, at least four of the creatures running out from under the table now.
It wasn’t a fear he had faced in a long while, living in the same flat for years upon years, and knowing the streets of London like the back of his hand had left Sherlock essentially immune to this fear. But now, in a strange house made of candy, nearly engaging in the forced vore of a living gummy bear, the detective was shaken, and that childish fear had taken root in his head once more. The music turns louder, and he begins humming along with it more loudly, his mind turning fuzzy.
John purred, groaning softly as the man folded into him, as if his touch were the most perfect thing in existence. He pressed his soft plush pillow of a belly into Sherlock, leaning but not following as Sherlock stepped back. He cocked his head slightly, his triple chin folding and squashing under his jaw.
"Y-Yes! P-Please, John, teach me a lesson! I'm so...Jesus John!" Sherlock stammered, getting onto all fours and feeling his belly still press against the ground
Sherlock chuckled and reached over, rubbing a hand over John's middle as it gurgled around the mass of food being stuffed into it.
"They can be," John agreed, frowning and feeling sad for poor little Sherlock being mocked for still believing in Father Christmas when all the others had had that snatched away from them.
Greg had just polished off his midmorning snack, his feet up on the desk. He brushed crumbs from his shirt and stretched comfortably. It was such a quiet day. He was savoring it...
“Y-yes Captain! Such a hog! A rude and greedy hog!” Sherlock wailed. Molly felt herself blushing bright red but her feet seemed pasted to the floor.
"What? W- did you bring those for me?" He asked hopefully. They looked marvelous. "That's so sweet of you."
“Yeah,” huffed Sherlock, eyes falling closed as he pressed himself into John with soft moans. He tugged at John in return until they were both panting and gasping. Their fattened bodies shook and trembled then fell still as they came on their two bulging bellies which were still pressed together sweetly. They succumbed to sleep soon after, still holding one another, dreaming of future feasts to come. They had certainly developed a taste for this sort of thing.
The two, younger officers brought their prizes to the staff, break room, handing them to two others. All four men smiled, brewing up a pot of coffee, they fit bodies on full display under tight, pressed uniforms. They laughed and joked amongst themselves - talking of football and rugby
"The tie," said Sherlock, plucking it as if it were a string on his violin. "We're having dinner with my parents, not the Queen."
John jumped as Sherlock ran past. Then he disappeared with a few bags of takeaway which he hardly paid any mind to. He was too busy trying to hide the crisps.
"Hah! You liiiike it," John sang, still grinning in a sloppy drunken way that somehow managed to look smug.
"Sherlock?" he called, tugging off his jacket and hanging it up as he came in, "What are you up to?"
"Uh, sure, why not," said John, checking his blanket yet again and still stuffing down his meal. Half gone - Christ- normally he'd be eating it all but-
"And what about you, hog? How exactly did that fit body go to pot?" he purred breathily, taking up the burger and moving it to John's lips, scooting closer.
"Moran!" John snarls, and he looks up. There's a moment of dawning fear and disbelief. Moran raises his weapon as well but isn't quick enough this time. John’s bullet hits him right between the eyes and he crumples.
Sherlock hadn’t simply gotten chubby or even fat off of all the food everyone in London was suddenly shoving in his face. No, the detective had positively ballooned. Slim arms and legs had puffed up until they made his seams scream. A narrow waist had expanded into thickly rolled sides, complete with love handles that sat atop new voluptuous hips that seemed to be constantly spilling out over his trouser band in a truly ample muffin top. His poor tailor hardly knew how to fashion trousers that could contain, much less minimize the giant quivering arse that bowed out behind Sherlock wherever he went, jiggling with his steps. Sherlock’s concave little tum had swelled and swelled until it became a proper gut that hung over his waistband, rippling gently with any quick motions. And it was always hungry for more. A bony chest had suddenly bloomed into two soft malleable breasts. His chin had doubled. His cheeks plumped. The most astonishing change, however, was arguably Sherlock’s disposition. He was growing almost jolly as he continued to gain and soften from all the treats. Though, he was still rather blunt or rude from time to time.
"Hey, it's okay. Shh just stay quiet," John murmurs, trying not to alert whatever is in the room with the two of them. It sounds like more of those insects.
Sherlock’s  stomach is aching, and he moves to say that, but a fear rises up in the detective and he closes his mouth. He gives his head another shake, just trying to get back in the normal, rational brain, but it’s... very hard.
"You're not ready to leave me, are you baby? I know a man with an appetite when I see one," she purrs, pressing a long lithe body up against the detective’s rotund one.
He had watched it until he had it memorized. Until he closed his eyes and saw it playing on his eyelids, until he could envision Sherlock and himself in their places.  He wondered how close to a big gut like that he was. He wet his lips.
While John had been focusing on the roach, Sherlock had pulled up his tight, tucked in shirt, leaning his head  forward to take a mouthful of the red velvet bookcase.
He quickly stomped to Lestrade’s office, putting the box down for a moment to open the door - long enough for two, younger officers to grab a handful to share with their friends
Sherlock giggled at the touch, the new skin sensitive, "Jaawwwn! Where were you? You missed the *hic* doughnuts!" He grinned, rubbing his face into Greg's chubby cheeks
"I'll be on the sofa, re-organizing my ash samples. If you need me - don't need me," he spat out, stomping over to the sofa and settling into a deep sulk.
John chuckled. "Pizza? Well, might as well not bother then," he joked, secretly thrilled. "And sure, I'd love to."
"See good aren't they?" Said Greg, smiling and picking up another for himself as he leaned back to eat it.
"We need to find Moriarty." John says it as if he’s just remembered that they need to pick up some shopping on the way home. He looks around the room, but the imps are gone, likely crawled off somewhere to nurse their wounds. The doctor realizes he is still in Sherlock’s arms, pressed up against him.
Sherlock pushes open the door lightly, the loud, now-overly happy music following him into the hallway. In almost a daze, the great detective puts on an innocent, childish smile and reaches for the tray.
The monsters appeared because of John's addiction, not necessarily Sherlock’s own - because he would eat himself to death with or without them.
"Sherlock," John says warningly, grabbing at the man’s wrist again, "Don't wander off. Let's just take it slow through here.” He does his best to tug the man with him as they walk past the table. There has to be another door here... somewhere...
The detective tries to vomit, but something in his throat won’t let him. Sherlock’s eyes widen in fear as he can’t stop himself from shoving in his tenth cinnamon bun
The detective sits up, not enough excess fat even make tiny rolls as he bends forward to help himself stand.
"Mmm... oink, oink," he teased, smirking around his next bite. His breath shuddered as Sherlock palmed his crotch. He began rocking into the man's hand lightly, his belly quivering and shaking. He ate between gasps, hungrily, even as his gut was stuffed full and so very round. Jesus, he was fat.
"Oh, did you?" asked John, most definitely hard now. He huffed and belched, tugging the blanket into his lap further. "Good. I feel better now," he joked, even as he was certain his eyes went dark with lust. He couldn't see the man's middle sadly, but he imagined it would be round, bulging and full, adorably so.
Sherlock hummed happily, eagerly accepting the creamy treat with a squeal, gulping it down and excitedly opening his mouth for another
“I’m hungry,” Sherlock interrupts, buttoning his trousers with some difficulty over his tucked in shirt, his belly spilling over the waistband as he relaxes again, the buttons pulled to the edges of their holes.
I hope you enjoy this fic as much as I enjoy rping and chatting with you! I am endlessly glad you exist.
"Oh he's gooood," says Moriarty conversationally, popping a few crisps into his mouth. His belly and hips are spilling out over the poor spindly chair he's sat himself in. "See?
The music stops suddenly and he shakes his head. Looking down, Sherlock spies a small trail of blue...bread crumbs?  He follows them out, finding that they lead to another room.
Moriarty beamed, hurrying out of the car and up the stairs, placing the box on top of the coffee table with a small note
John let the groceries and his burger bag fall. He stepped closer to the mound of white fat flesh, taking in the crumb filled plate. And oh- oh God!
"I um, think I’ll have that kip now, enjoy the sweets," he breathed, swallowing and moving up the stairs, letting out a massive belch of his own as he reached the top.
"I did. A lot," John murmured, his hands sliding down Sherlock's sides and cupping that round bloated belly in his hands. Sherlock gasped softly and leaned into John, their too-full middles adding even more delicious pressure.
"Hand over the extra takeaway I had you get," he said, then retrieved the heavily laden cartons and presented them to Jim with reverence.
"Neither did you," John retorted, smiling softly as Sherlock loaded the deliciously starchy golden things onto his own plate.
The tiles on the floor are white, along with the walls, but give off such a gritty, yet dazzling, sheen it’s clear they’re pure blocks of sugar. The tables are again decorated gingerbread - details becoming even more intricate, as if the house is trying to impress the detective... or lead him into its web.
"You like that, do you?" he teased, drawing his hand back again to slap Sherlock's doughy arse once again. The sound was incredible, the sight even more so as the fat shifted and jiggled.
John shakes his head. His drowsiness is quickly wearing off, but he’s still none the wiser about where he is. John looks around, confused. There's a bundle, a dark bundle laying there.
"I don't know-hurp- why I let-urp- you do-hmmph-this to me," he murmured as his stomach sloshed and gurgled between his doctor's gentle hands.
"Fitting" Sherlock said, sounding all too pleased as he bit in with a moan, 'You really know me more than anyone, John Watson"
John watched as Sherlock emptied he bottle, gulp by gulp, his belly rounding out further and rounder each time, the skin around his navel growing a bit splotchy.
"I've put on a bit weight I think, all that baking you've been doing," he chuckled, scratching at the back of his head, "I...like it. The weight. I hope that's alright." He offered, hands moved to snake around John's back, then laughing.
“Look at you, Sherlock. Rude and greedy. What am I supposed to do with a complete hog like you?” Another loud smack, and something that sounded remarkably like a squeal. Was that? It had to be John but… oh dear. Molly had seen John angry before but she never would have thought him capable of-
Sherlock stood, trying to make his coat puffier, demanding Lestrade to leave the windowless room and to have no one disturb him.
Still, Sherlock could tell that John was suffering as the first anniversary of Mary's death approached. If there was a sure way to infer on the doctor's well being, it was through his eating habits. Food was important to John, Sherlock knew. The man hounded him about it constantly. A happy John ate merrily and took seconds and softened under that jumper. A tormented John picked at his meals or had to be reminded of them. As it was, John seemed more and more agitated as the day approached. The tumbler of scotch replaced his evening tea. His appetite faded. Sherlock could feel the man's stomach growl as he held him at night. Sometimes he persuaded him to have a couple of biscuits. But a couple of biscuits wasn't enough to sustain his John. Fortunately, Sherlock had an idea.
"Does" he panted, falling forward onto the ocean of John's back, kissing at johns padded shoulders, burying his nose into the fat-softened duvet of John's spine.
One bullet left. John can only hope there aren't any more of the bastards around. He takes aim and fires at the last one, then walks past where it lays twitching and dying in a squirmy tangle of legs. He can hear music from somewhere. It's oddly muffled, coming through a wall. He presses his ear to it, feeling the brick hard gingerbread go soft at his touch. John pulls away, frowning. The bricks he touched have become beautifully golden, as if freshly baked. He can even feel the warmth radiate from them. The rest, untouched, remain solid, old, and dry.
Greg too was singing Sherlock's praises. His fingers clenched, tugging at Sherlock's curls, his eyes falling shut. His hips canted lightly, causing his belly to jiggle and press further into Sherlock's face.
"I...y-Yes. Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes." He said, trying to smile, looking over the miles and miles of enormous, gorgeous blonde before him, imagining tasting every inch of his lard, his hands spreading the man's monstrous arse and-
The demon snorted. "Ah good. That's the appetizer for me at least. Good boy," he purred, rubbing his belly further into Sherlock, his own cock hardening and now pressing against Sherlock's thigh.
Molly realized her mouth was open and that things were likely to become very personal and private very soon. She closed her mouth and hurried off as quietly as she could as soft sounds of rhythmic grunting and thumping signaled Sherlock obtaining his reward.
John belches, feeling slow and full but not done eating, then he spies a dribble of caramel running down Greg’s chin to his chest and he seizes his chance. He bowls the man over and pins him to the floor, humming as he sucks it from Greg’s skin. Greg squeals at first but then those sounds become moans and he lays back and relaxes. He belches and John groans, daring to kiss the DI. Greg hesitates a moment, but when neither of their lover’s step in, he reciprocates hungrily, grabbing at as much of John as he can reach, sucking at his lower lip, gasping as John presses his tongue into his mouth.
Sherlock grunted in annoyance as he completely missed the test tube and sent the irreplaceable sample dribbling to the floor. A week's work! Wasted! The tall, slim detective let out a low growl and then dumped a weak base over the spill to neutralize the lost sample. He would clean it up later. Right now, Sherlock needed to have a word with John, who by the sound of it, was currently demolishing the entire kitchen.
"It’s alright, I’m alright." Sherlock tilts John’s chin up to look into his eyes, they’re 100 percent detective, even though Sherlock can barely hear himself speak over the music.
John had relieved himself of his coat and was pouring more wine at the bedside of a towering four poster bed, draped in rich fabrics. His waistcoat looked all the more strained, himself all the rounder and plumper, his waistband moments from snapping open and letting all of him spill out.
"John, eat," came Sherlock's voice, low and warm as it gusted against John's ear, his lover leaning into him as Sherlock also served John potatoes. "You hardly ate anything all day."
"I don't see anything," he snapped finally, sounding angrier than he had intended. Truly, he had been more than a little distracted. But if he had to watch that one more time he might just burst. It was almost worse with the sound off. He kept hearing Sherlock's voice repeating the words. What the hell was that about?!
"How could one possibly find a comfortable way to question a romantic interest about taboo kinks or fetishes?"
John was hiccuping by the end of it, his stomach clearly outlined by even his loosest jumper, his trousers biting him even with the button undone. John groaned and pressed a hand to his middle, grimacing, his breath coming out rather shallowly.
He grunted and reached under the blanket to undo them, gasping as he felt his belly round a little further. He felt... good. Heavy, well fed. Content. He rubbed at his belly, imagining it as big as those on the video. He groaned and shoved down more, eating until he felt a bit sick from all the sugar and salt and grease.
He hurriedly re-did his pants, grabbing a copy of the tape and wandering toward the restroom in search of his flatmate.
This area is brightly lit, colorful to the point of being nauseating, and there's happy, childish music playing over some sort of loudspeaker. The "bean-bag chair" in the corner looks to be an enormous cinnamon bun. The happy-face clock on the wall, a sugar-cookie with icing. The table - made of what seems to be fudge - has small bowls filled with gummy bears and peanut-butter cups. Something flutters in the detective’s heart, a sense of childhood he’d never allowed himself. Then something gurgles in his midsection. The stomach he had denied all these sweets growing up wanting just a taste of all the happy treats around it.
"Sorry, boys! Change of plan! Greatest weakness you know, but I like to think it can work well in certain evolving situations!" declares a bright cheery tone with only coldness behind it.
Stuffed to maximum capacity, belching loudly enough to shake the flat, stained with sweets, surrounded by emptied plates, tins, and crumbs, John Watson is finally in his element.
Sherlock, having a touch more room to spare dug in with gusto and cut himself another larger slice of the pumpkin pie before John had finished his own portion. Sherlock felt his stomach groaning and straining against his buttons as it bloated with all the food. He undid them, a soft pop accompanying each one as it sprang away from the hole. He rubbed at the pale belly that blorped forward, walking two fingers along it wonderingly even as he ate more of the pie. Dessert had always been his favorite after all.
He keeps a tight hold on John’s hand, bringing up his other sleeved arm to his face, trying to cover it so John won’t see Sherlock Holmes like this - crying and... fat.
"What happened to yours?" the piggy responded, leaning in to bite the roll of fat flubbing over the other man's side, sucking a deep mark onto the love handle. The other man moaned.
"Come on then, Tiger, back home, I’ve a big meeting tomorrow, and we haven’t much time to waste" He grinned, hurrying back down the stairs
Sherlock uses the opportunity to launch himself forward, tackling the two army men to the ground, using his weight to knock them off balance.
"Oh-John I-hurp-ooh!" Sherlock groaned, pressing the back of his hand to his mouth, his eyes closed.
"D-do you realize what you've done?! I-" Jim doubled over, then quickly snatched the doughnut, stuffing it into his mouth, "M-more! Now!" He yelled, then looked at Moran, eyes wide, "P-Please?"
He gave his flatmate a grin, willing himself not to think about what all that food might do to the skeletal man's middle. Probably make it bulge out, round and plump and- No!
Greg looked at the box sadly, then jumped up, grunting and stumbling a moment. His eyes widened as he took in the pile of takeaway boxes outside his office.
The least amount of conversation one had with them - the better. If one wanted to hang onto one’s soul.
"Oh... Well, maybe they're just from Mrs. Hudson. Seems like the sort of thing she'd do," said Greg, reaching out to examine one. It looked perfectly normal. And completely delicious...
Ok- Facts. Sherlock’s weight is skyrocketing, there’s no stopping that now, and it appears the more often he eats the more quickly it’s converted into fat.
Well impossible or not, it's coming towards him. And it’s not looking remotely friendly as those pincers open, a mouth gaping behind it. John raises his gun and fires coolly, the bullet soaring true through the creature's maw into its brain. It makes an odd shrieking noise and falls, many legs twitching.
He seized meaty handfuls of his flat mate, greedily grabbing at everything he could reach, kissing back wantonly.
"A railing? I don't think so. I think he's been growing a bit of a balcony," Anderson replied, doing his best to keep a straight face. Donovan muffled a cackle. John turned around, about to go talk to Greg about some hallucinating officers under his command, when he saw. His jaw actually dropped because Sherlock was... bigger. He suddenly went quite red in the face and went to talk to Lestrade, but all the man said was "Sherlock's looking well isn't he?" Which didn't help matters for the doctor.
His waistcoat strained and bulged, the buttons tight against their holes, the fabric skin tight against a great round orb of belly and the subtle swell of soft tits behind it.
John returned home, belly feeling full and stretched and so very plump. He rubbed it idly, wishing he could just set it free, let it spill out proudly, wobbling, in front of him as he walked. He hiccuped and then broke into a slow run to ensure he was out of breath before climbing the stairs up to the flat again. He groaned and huffed, his belly straining against the unforgiving material.
“Every inch of this big fat arse,” John agreed, giving one of Sherlock’s rippling buttocks a solid smack that made the detective keen. He hadn’t minded the weight gain, in fact both Sherlock and himself absolutely adored it, but seeing someone else dominate his lover. No. Absolutely not.
The barricade recedes, but just as Sherlock is about to go down the stairs, he feels a figure move behind him. He spins about, but his assailant has tackled him at the waist and they fly backward, Sherlock’s bony bottom leaving a sharp, but tiny, imprint on the soft stairs.
"Just as many online cases as I can take, murder always seems to go down around this awful holiday, and I've barely heard from Lestrade. I do believe my brother has finally decided to
"Leaving so soon?" she coos, batting long eyelashes that are an unnatural teal color. Large fishy lips pout. "But you're both so thin... you can't possibly leave now."
"I can help, darling," said Mr. Holmes, also standing and helping out. He smiled warmly at Sherlock and John as he followed his wife to the kitchen.
Sherlock follows the trail of breadcrumbs a bit farther. He hears a voice come over the intercom and actually smiles.
"Good," said Sherlock, still rubbing the man's belly softly as it expanded out roundly underneath that jumper, pulling up the edge and forming creases around his swollen middle.
Mrs. Holmes suddenly reemerged and John quickly jolted up, trying to suck in his belly, his abdominals aching after only a few seconds. Sherlock followed, a touch more slowly, wavering as he hauled himself up and closer to the table. John watched his lover's belly clench slightly. A hiccup? Sherlock was blushing now, his mouth still covered by one hand.
When he returned, John was speaking with a tall blonde woman in a tight black dress. She was smiling, and John was clearly the cause, however, she soon walked away to buy a drink as well. Sherlock was astonished. A tall, busty blonde. Wasn't that supposed to be the pinnacle of male fantasy? He glowered and went to rejoin John.
Sherlock gently brought "Father Christmas" into a warm hug, his plump tummy squashing against the man's huge gut.
He chuckled again, so very kindly. "But yes. You were very good this year, Sherlock. I'm not surprised in the least."
Christmas Eve's dinner was a rather elaborate fare, John trying to swallow down every calorie he could muster before the next morning. And eating a lot at Christmas was expected so John went completely to town. There was a huge honeyed ham, mashed potatoes mixed with cream and butter, gravy with more cream in it, vegetables doused in butter, beer, and of course a monstrous rice pudding for dessert.
Therefore, it took until the pair of them had been called to a crime scene for anyone to comment on Sherlock's changing figure. And many were happy to. All the officers stared. Donovan looked like Christmas had come early and Anderson had a superior smirk plastered on his face. They wasted no time in commenting on Sherlock's altered physique, not bothering to keep their voices down. John was about to ask them what the hell they were on about, he had that steely captain's glint in his eye and that dangerous smile that usually meant someone was about to be torn a new one. Sherlock didn't pay them any mind. The dead body was far more interesting.
He sat down next to Sherlock and helped himself to pizza, looking over at Sherlock warmly as the man ate.
"But you have a look about you... the younger Holmes boy? Charmed," he said, offering the glass for him to take, eyes never leaving the holes in the other man's mask.
"Children can be quite cruel," he concluded, slipping away into the living room, sitting on the sofa and hugging a pillow.
A video - specifically a distinctly kinky video, had caught shadows of their suspect through the windows of the couples' flat. The camera over the man bound to a dining room chair revealed a tall figure in the flat across loading items into a bag, and the gentlemen had been kind enough to give said footage to the police.
The first things to pop loose were the now definitely fat detective's perky set of breasts, grown past the softened peaks they were before, which sat below a softened neck and plump shoulders, framed by thick, sausage-like arms that jiggled as he continued letting out straps  that allowed a pillowy back to bloom free.
Sherlock squealed again, moaning as John grabbed at his massive gut, pressing his thick, hard cock against the detective's pillowy, sensitive ass
A glimmer in the corner catches his eye and John steps out of the circle of light to get a better look. A camera. Okay. So very not good.  The ex-army doctor weighs his gun in his hand, uncertain, then walks over to inspect one of the walls. His hand come back gritty.
"Mm, great. We'll have plenty to snack on," murmured John, stalking towards his lover and grabbing a couple of the cookies. He stuffed them into his mouth, one after the other, then took a long swallow of the thick and rich milk. His belly grew a touch rounder, a bit heavier.
Moriarty leans his arms back to stretch them above his head, his chair creaking noisily. The eyes in the wall focus in as every button on his white, buttoned, shirt goes flying without the master criminal even noticing.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, are you okay?” John wraps hard at the door again. Thank God he’s okay, and hungry? Something… something’s off. He pushes into the door again and this time it lets him in. He stumbles but catches himself, watching in some sort of horrific fascination as Sherlock keeps eating.
Sherlock noted the flush in his flatmate's cheeks when he returned and cast an eye around, wondering if there was an officer who'd imbibed a few too many doughnuts around. That seemed the most likely solution. He then lazily told Gavin the solution that had been so very obvious and turned to John.
He cheekily stole his own bite of ice cream and winked at Sherlock, then pressed a cool kiss to the detective's belly, teasing him with his tongue.
"John!" Sherlock shouts again, spinning the ex-army doctor towards him, wrapping soft arms around John and just letting him sink into his soft gut.
"I'm going to go lay down a bit," John called, as he waddled to their bedroom and flopped down. He massaged his belly, marveling at how tight the skin felt, how much it arched up under his chest. He grabbed a handful, jiggled it a bit. His finger slipped into his navel and drew small circles. John's breathing grew rough and uneven, the weight on his midsection somehow... God...
"Hug,” he demands, sniffling, tears still going down his face. Sherlock wraps his arms around the doctor, squeezing him into his soft, fat middle. The crying subsides as they just sit for a moment in silence, the clicking skittering away. Then Sherlock giggles softly in John’s ear.
Sherlock tears off a piece of the fluffy pink bed and stuffs it into his mouth, where it melts almost instantly into pure sugar.
Sherlock moaned happily and obeyed, flipping over and arching his back up, presenting his rounded arse to John.
Sherlock was frustrated. As far as he could tell, despite the man's constant proclamations of "Not gay!", there was plenty of data to support alternate theories as to John's sexuality. He'd even succeeded in getting John drunk and wheedled a couple of confessions out of him. He'd called Harry who was surprisingly amiable to sharing. So the data was clear. John had taken interest in both male and female partners. Several times. But then, why never Sherlock? He'd admitted his admiration often enough, always praising his prowess at cases (Which was admittedly awe-inspiring), but never anything... more. He must be missing something. He had to be. Wasn't it said that familiarity bred admiration? That was how he'd fallen for John after all, but the response had not been identical. He needed more concrete data, maybe to formulate an experiment rather than a simple observational study.
“I… know. I was being stupid. I guess I thought the feeding thing was our bit,” John admitted. Sherlock gave him a squeeze.
The door shuts between the two of them and locks with a loud click. The childish music blasts again, loudly, and Sherlock feels his brain go fuzzy.
John’s belly aches. But he finishes a full baker’s dozen of the sugary, fatty, bacon-covered things.
John grabbed his jacket and shoes, pulled on a hat. "I'm heading out to the shops for a bit. Be right back."
John huffed a small laugh, and Sherlock knew it was there to try to steady the ex army doctor's emotions.
But then Sherlock is kissing him, rolling him onto his back and letting that heavy full gut crash into him, and John can’t be bothered to worry about that anymore.
"You like eating until you're a great fat hog, a real squealer, too," John murmured, before he drew back his hand again to slap the voluptuous globes that were starting to grow slightly pink at the treatment.
His appetite had groan voraciously over the past few weeks, able to eat more and more. His arms had gone soft and jiggling, his pectorals more like soft mounds of fat than rippling muscle. And he had a true and proper gut. Luckily, his face had only softened a little so it was able to be hidden under looser clothing. Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed. Or at least he hadn’t said anything.
He held it out to the man, "We could...save this. If you ever want to join Greg and I" He offered, "We...never have to work again. Every day could be eating and making love" He kissed the top of the man's head, "The choice is...yours." He huffed, leaning back, looking up at the smiling copper above him
John grabbed a handful of that huge bloated gut, kneading the flesh in his hand. "Still? Fuck, what happened to you lot?" he asked, laughing again, though... he wet his lips again. "Just /look/ at you both..."
He quickly forced himself to focus on the program. "This-this alright?" he asked, his voice oddly gruff.
"That makes two of us, posh boy," he growled, then kissed him hard, hungrily, pinning him against the wall with his own huge round middle. He stepped back and tore off his waist coat, his belly spilling forward, the buttons on his undershirt gaping. He toed off his shoes, kicking them across the room, before turning around and marching towards the bed, dropping his trousers as he went. His wide soft arse jiggled and shook, thighs rubbing together richly. He flung off his shirt with ferocity and his belly at last hung free, wobbling and bouncing in the open air. It settled into his lap as he sat back on the bed to tug off his socks.
"Christ, you're heavy too, love. You've made quite the pig of yourself, fattened yourself into a proper hog, haven't you, glutton?"
He groaned and reached for the next carton. There was a loud pop and his trouser button failed. Greg only hummed in relief, rubbing the belly that was pinning him down as he continued to eat and eat.
John swallowed too, then quickly straightened up and pulled his bathrobe around himself more closely, worried that Sherlock might have caught a glimpse of the growing belly that was peeking out between his pajamas. He had just eaten rather a lot of cookie dough. Again...
Just in time as well, several officers with bloated middles and straining buttons were wandering in looking panic stricken. They fell on the boxes with glee, stuffing piping hot chips, fish, and fried chicken into their mouths with gusto.
The detective felt color rise to his cheeks. Of course, it couldn't be true. Just the angle at which John was sitting, the amount of tea sloshing about in that... that
The detective practically purred as he sucked the ice cream from the wafer, licking a few sweet tendrils from it before biting into the wafer with a crunch. John quickly prepared another, which Sherlock ate just as eagerly, one hand already drifting to his middle, rubbing slow tantalizing circles over it, motions he knew would drive John wild.
is the kink you call yours," purred Sherlock, giving his belly a jiggle. John gave an odd little yelping noise. "Anyway, this experiment has proven itself endlessly more fun."
Sherlock didn’t have the time to reach out a hand and take the carton, so he just dipped his head into the trough of food and dug in, his gut pressing further into the floor, round ass ballooning behind him. He pulled his head up with a grunt, getting to his knees, huffing and puffing, managing to get his now, essentially nude body over to Greg.
"Oh, I'd love to see that," he said, still rubbing his own soft belly idly. He too reached over to play with Sherlock's belly.
He drank down soda, then burped and hiccupped. Ah, Fuck... so fat and tight. His arousal was persistent, but  his belly ached in protest. He ordered another round to go and then caught a cab home. He was a touch early, but that should be alright. He bought some ice cream at the small shop on the corner and then hauled his bags from the cab, still burping lightly, breathing heavily and panting as he hauled himself up the stairs to the flat.
The detective smirks at John’s  light blush, then grabs his hands and moves them to his fat, slightly bare ass.
There’s a recording tape and player on the ground below the photos - Sherlock picks it up and presses play.
"Of course," John says, nodding and doing so. He takes Sherlock’s hand again. Somehow, John doesn't think he'll be able to stop doing that once this is over. Or even want to. But first: Moriarty.
"We gotta goto bed...Father Chris*hic*christmas iz coming," he smiled, tugging John towards their bedroom.
He texted Sherlock to be sure, then sat sipping at his tea and forcing himself not to think about the video. He stood and opened a few cupboards, then began gathering some... snacks, for later. Brainfood.
His chins folded, round cheeks swam into view, and those piercing blue eyes that seemed to almost glow remained fixed upon the detective as the rest of his features solidified. He was blonde. Tanned. and endlessly soft. But no part of him was angelic. His thin lips curled into a smirk.
Sherlock swallowed hard, "A-An excellent idea, John! But we need to check for any sort of radiant noise, the windows in both flats' are open, so if anything was dropped, or if the burglar was humming to himself, we need to hear it. Play it again, Lestrade!" he said, shifting his coat over his legs and watching the man before him swell and groan
His times at Bart’s were always spent in back rooms, Molly once coming in, concerned with Sherlock's  distressed cries and his apparent lack of interest in corpses, only to find a fat-gutted, soft-chested, massive-arsed detective surrounded by empty Chinese take-out boxes furiously wanking with one hand as the other near assaulted his navel, moaning and squirming and belching. The young woman found her thoughts drifting to the sight the rest of her shift, never telling the voluptuous detective of her knowledge, but giving him a dozen cookies the next day with a cheeky wink.
"He's not m-" and John stops himself, oddly alarmed at how fast that phrase just rolls off his tongue. He looks to Sherlock
“Go on, Piggy. Eat up. I want you properly fattened in time for market,” the ex-army captain purrs, dilated pupils roving over the growing bulge beneath his hog’s ever tightening button-up shirt. The buttons are beginning to strain now; John feels his arousal burning at the thought of them springing free, soft white fat spilling out between them to flub gently onto thick fat thighs and then to only grow further as it gurgles. John groans his encouragement, dipping his head to suck a love bite onto Sherlock’s long pale neck as he feeds him another sugary doughnut. The detective gasps, a deep baritone groan following only to be muffled by fatty pastry.
Sherlock's gaze flicked back to the truly jolly man before him. Thick, meaty arms framing a set of fattened pectoral muscles, shelved above a massive gut, one that arched out of the shorter man's frame and truly shook like a bowl of jelly when the man laughed.
"Whacha lookin' at? Hm?" John asked, taking a huge bite of the mince pie he was holding. Mrs. Hudson had brought them up yesterday. Now it appeared that John had eaten- no, demolished the whole half dozen.
"Been slipping on the training I see," he murmured, chuckling to himself. He knocked on Greg's door.
Sherlock bolted up, looking around desperately for the sound. He hurried to the back hall and- No. No it-
John groaned in response. Another swallow and he might burst. He came wetly against the other man, shuddering and shaking, choking on a belch. He moaned and pulled away, gasping. He barely remembered to to seal the wound, dipping his head and licking away droplets of blood. He was so full, so incredibly swollen with his gorging. His arms trembled and he shifted to his side, collapsing onto it. The mattress creaked in protest. He belly spilled out before him, part of it still resting on Sherlock, heavy and so round it was nearly spherical, the navel stretched tight.
