He hadn’t lost my number. But he hadn’t ever asked. I’d made it a priority to keep the old phone number when I’d switched my plan the prior Autumn. I told you, I’m somewhat pathetic.
, and I was irrationally upset because Jack and Fabrizio made an obviously better couple- and that they could have just shared the damn piece of wood, or kept swimming until they found two bigger pieces of wreckage. That’s a love story worth writing.
But Dean turns around, and then it’s just them. The roar ebbs like it were the sea, the sound of crashing waves and conversation dulled, pulled so far out of his mind he couldn’t reach it if he wants to.
“-Wait,” Dean’s still stammering as they run, “Wait, are you joking, or are you actually serious?” He turns to face Cas for just a moment, and his eyes are full of the hopeful blooming greenery of first spring- a break in winter hibernation, a rejuvenation of life, and it makes Cas suck in a breath again. For a moment, he doesn’t remember what they’re talking about.
His art project is finally coming together in his head. There are two runners now, bounding and bumbling toward simple freedoms, hand in hand and smiling. And it’s breathless, and spring is blooming all around them as their surroundings pass them by in a blur. Flowers sprout at their feet, the world forming around them, but they only see each other. Their new beginnings are not in the flowering blooms and stretching vines, but within each other. It’s beautiful. It’s liberating.
Before my broken heart could say a word to that horrible statement, Lisa interrupted, “Dean, we need to go, we have a meeting with Ben’s teacher.” Forced politeness. She definitely knew.
Books are meant to be held in your hand with a good cup of tea in the other.  They’re meant for highlights on passages that meant something, a dozen or so bookmarks, or even spills...they give them character. And then, of course, there’s the smell of books- new or old. You just can’t get that on a Kindle.
And Cas can’t help but wonder if that’s what Dean’s been doing all of these years. Protecting him from some invisible foe that he never noticed. Just like he always had in their games. His chest tightens and constricts. Idiot.
, we’d finished the pizza and he’d gradually scooted closer, until he had an arm wrapped around me and my head was resting gently on his chest, against his heart.
But the blush is brilliant, and it makes Cas smile, if cautiously. He’s aware that they’re looking at each other like two idiots in love, and he can’t bring himself to care.
Well, not everything. He can already smell breakfast wafting in deliciously tempting scents up the stairs. There’s definitely bacon, and biscuits he thinks. There’s that, and, really, Cas hasn’t changed either. Half of his backpack is full of books that have all been opened at least once in the past couple of days, relationship change aside.
Dean’s full of guilt every time he looks at the pure white roses on his nightstand. A Valentine’s Day gift from Cas, in front of Sam and Jack, at that.
“You’re talking about the night at the cafe,” Dean guesses, a level of coldness creeping into his voice despite good intentions to be more open, because he’s already reacting to the memory. His brain is replacing happiness with doubt, and there’s fear of rejection, and discomfort, and hurt. And, Cas catches on.
Nobody asks Castiel what he wants, because what they're talking about is food and Castiel doesn't eat food anymore.  The Winchesters have this conversation a lot, because they spend a lot of time on the road, and negotiation around food seems to be one of the most inescapably irritating parts of the human experience.  Castiel does not miss it.
accounts just for bread.  I’ve been around for the entirety of human existence, and I can tell you that people have never paid as much attention to baked goods as they do now.”
No one says anything for a minute.  Dean stares down at his hand, still gripping the driver’s side door.  Castiel can tell Sam is glaring, but he can’t look away from the breath puffing out of Dean’s mouth and turning to condensation in the brisk night air.
“Probably most of the same things you do now,” Castiel says, even though he understands that the question was rhetorical.
“Okay, maybe I don’t,” Sam says, throwing his hands up.  “So if there’s nothing wrong, why don’t you ride with Cas back to the motel and I’ll follow in his car?”
“Dean, I know how to hotwire a freaking car, it’s dead.  Why can’t you just come pick me up?  I’m not even an hour out of town.”
- Castiel can handle that.  He’s been catering to Dean’s needs for as long as he’s known the Righteous Man.
“Screw you,” Dean said, because that was the safest answer.  He finished filling the gas tank without a word, torn between being grumpy and relieved, and ignored Sam’s little smirk from where he was leaning against the car looking at his phone.
“Lube,” Dean said, because he was an adult and could use adult sex words with his adult sex partner.  “We don’t have any.”
“Soup’s on,” Sam said, coming through the door with a plastic bag full of tacos like everything was completely normal and he hadn’t just walked in on his brother getting a facial.  “What are you doing on the floor?”
"I'll let you sleep," he says, because he doesn't want to be outside but he can tell from Sam's pillow and Dean's silence that they don't want him here either, and if he can help ease them at all he'll do it.
There was a tap on the window, and Dean resisted the urge to jump.  When he looked over, Cas was pressing his nose against the glass and raising his eyebrows.
?  What the fuck does he need to try out Apple pay for?  He doesn’t buy shit!  He doesn’t even have any money!  Why does he care?”
“What else is new?  Ohio sucks,” Dean says, his voice a little further away through Sam’s speakerphone.  “Think you can take care of it without us?”
,” Sam says, his voice heated, and Castiel tears his eyes away from Chelsea to look at Sam.  Sam looks
“Took you long enough,” Sam said when he slid into the seat Cas had vacated for him.  They gave each other shit all the way back into town, and even Cas weighed in from the back seat with some overly technical but still hilarious commentary on Sam’s failure to choose a car that could make it 50 miles before crapping out.  They stopped for gas and Dean made Sam pump it in exchange for the ride, which Sam bitched about, but Dean kinda felt like everything was all right with the world anyway.
Dean knew he wasn’t even an hour out of town.  But they’d been on this hunt for almost a week and he’d been horny as fuck for
He opened the door to his room and released a breath he didn’t even know he’d been holding. It smelled like old paper and dust and some other smell that Dean had recently begun to associate with the room itself, something that must be his own sweat and shampoo and dirty laundry, and it coulda been kinda gross but it wasn’t, really, because he’d never been somewhere long enough that it could smell like
the vamp and dragged Sam out okay, at least until he’d dinged up the passenger side door of the Impala throwing his brother’s concussed ass into his seat; he’d wait until Sammy felt better to complain about that, but mark his fucking words he
Castiel turns to see Dean with his hand on the small of a young woman’s back, guiding her toward the table.  “Here’s your beers,” Dean says, dropping two on the table and then grabbing his jacket off the back of his chair.  “And I’ll be taking this.”
"Cas," Sam says.  "Listen.  I can't read Dean's mind.  But I just... can't see it being a one time thing.  With
Dean snatched the toilet paper out of Cas’s hands and stormed down the hall, yelling back over his shoulder, “Send the rest of it back!”
“Yes, but you and Sam do,” Cas pointed out.  “And I’ll have a beer.  Louisa’s Tavern has a highly regarded selection of microbrews.”
, and he thought he’d done okay by human standards.  Maybe not, though, since now Cas was looking uncomfortable, almost a little stressed out, and crap, Dean was gonna feel like an asshole if he’d missed some major component of angelic orgasm.
But Dean isn’t listening, or at least not closely, because his eyes have tracked down to Castiel’s lips and he’s leaning closer, and Castiel has the entire history of film in his head, he knows what happens next, knows that when it’s raining and someone’s drinking and they lean in close, he knows it’s -
"The Ewoks are stupid,” Castiel says, parroting an argument he’s heard Sam make several times previously, and Sam bursts out laughing.
No, what makes him unsure, right at this moment, is that for all the time he spends thinking of Dean, he suddenly realizes that he has no idea if Dean spends any time thinking of him at all.
what's going on right now, but I don’t know that talking to Dean is going to change that," Castiel says tiredly.  He's
They call in an anonymous tip to the local police, then trudge down the dark street in silence, a quarter mile back to where they left their cars outside the bar, Castiel’s Continental tucked right up against the back bumper of the Impala.
There’s a long silence.  Dean signals, gets off the highway, pulls into the motel parking lot.  The Continental pulls in behind them and drives to the other side of the lot, and they sit quietly and watch while Sam gets out of the car and turns the key in the lock, glances back at the Impala and then closes the motel door behind him.
“Guys?” Sam says, appearing in the doorway, and that’s that; Dean jerks away, rubbing his throat and picking up his dropped knife, tucking it into his waistband and looking around at the bodies.
Castiel considers not calling back, but ultimately realizes that he will, of course, speak to Sam again at some point, so there's not much point putting it off.  "Cas!" Sam says after five rings, and he's a little winded.  "Sorry, I just had to go outside the bunker, Dean was - anyway.  How's it going?"
Dean watched him.  Cas actually looked like he felt bad, which made Dean feel kind of bad, because it hadn’t been
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Dean says.  “Chelsea, you wanna wait out front?  Let me talk to my brother for a second.”
“And the husband’s clean, if he was a demon at some point he’s not now,” Dean said.  “Some kind of wraith?”
to say something, now that he’s alone with Dean for the first time since they - well.  But the truth is that Castiel does not know how to have this kind of conversation.  There's obviously no angel equivalent, and nothing from TV or movies seems quite right either.
“Fuck,” Dean said, and kissed him.  “Holy shit, you are a freaking maniac, Cas, you are seriously - wait a second.  I don’t - the stuff.  We need.  It’s back at the motel.”
Cas tilted his head.  “They do seem to be somewhat influential.  Why is there a teardrop over her - ”
Dean kissed him back, sleepily, and then burrowed back into his pillow.  “I mean it.  I’m sleeping.  I haven’t slept in, like, a million years.”
“You can do a favor for a friend of mine,” the man says, nodding toward the door.  “He’s just around the block.  Won’t take more than a minute.  We’ll have another drink, even.”
They stayed like that, bent over the hood of the Impala, kinda catching their breath.  “Holy shit,” Dean said, when he felt capable of speech again.  “That was - ”
“Well fucking forgive me for trying to be a gentleman,” Dean said, getting a rhythm going.  “You good?”
The humans take off, and there’s a commotion down the hall - Castiel hears a crack and a scream, the sizzle of holy water hitting a demon, a muffled grunt that sounds like Sam - and he loses a second trying to sense how many there are, trying to figure out if Sam needs him.
, Sammy,” Dean said, scrolling his way through a series of images.  “Wait, now it’s just cats.  How do you use this thing?”
“ - kind of op you running here?” Dean’s saying, his voice still exaggeratedly slurred.  “What’m I gonna be signing for?”
“Fuck it,” Dean says, and then he’s pushing Castiel against the closed door and kissing him fiercely, and Castiel opens to him immediately, and soon their clothes are slipping to the floor, and then Dean is underneath him on the bed, and Dean’s head is thrown back as he gasps curses and blasphemies and the name he alone gave Castiel.
“Jimbo’s Bar has only two stars on Yelp,” Cas said.  “Maybe if you ate at better-reviewed establishments, you wouldn’t have to complain so much about Sam’s indigestion.”
to feel, but now that the adrenaline had worn off and it was just Cas, standing right in front of him looking earnest,
It makes sense.  Dean is a man of need.  Lonely, discouraged, drunk; he needs the warmth of someone’s lips, of a body against him, the motions that make humans feel less alone, make them feel loved.  The fact that it’s not Castiel that Dean wants, that it’s just something he
“It does,” Cas interrupted.  “Dean, I can’t promise that nothing will ever pull me back to Heaven, or into the fray of some fight where you can’t join me, but - ”
end with him getting some ice.  And possibly something else.  Not that he was counting on that - he wasn’t the kind of guy who sent up heavenly booty calls or anything - and he tried, usually, not to do shit like this, to
“Ffffuck,” Dean hissed between his teeth, truly trying to keep his hands at two and ten because he did
His phone rings twice that night and then he turns it off, drives until sunrise and then goes into a Biggerson’s and buys a coffee and reads the paper.  When he turns his phone back on, there is a voicemail from Sam.
“Good,” Dean imitated, rolling his eyes and pressing a kiss to the back of Cas’s neck.  “Understatement of the year, Cas.”
“Fu - no,” Dean admitted, gritting his teeth because look, at this point he had nothing to hide.   He was fucking an angel over the hood of the sexiest goddamn car on the planet and dreams really did come true.  “Not even close to the first time I’d - fuck - thought about it.”
This, Dean had been practicing; it was still kinda new, doing it in the daylight, and sober, and with somebody he hadn’t just met, but he was getting used to it.  And Cas fucking
“Cas,” Dean said.  “I told you.  It’s not that I don’t want to, but I’m wiped out.  It ain’t personal, all right?  Eight hours.  Hell, gimme six.”
It’s a short walk to the mostly abandoned office complex down the road, and Castiel’s not surprised it’s close to the hunting grounds - this operation clearly isn’t the work of one of Hell’s top talents - and he watches from the shadows as Dean follows the man into the farthest office, ignoring the “For Lease” sign hanging near the glass door.
Castiel knows that humans use the word “thing” to mean a wide variety of topics, but he has a feeling he can guess what Sam’s referring to this time.  "Did Dean tell you that?"
“If we - didn't talk about it.  That way, I figured, if you regretted it, it could just - not come up.”
trolls, just - they’re people who just want to cause trouble, all right?  Not everybody online is a good guy, I know you know that.”
much of a hardship getting an amazing blow job in exchange for twenty minutes less sleep, so he reached out with the hand that wasn’t covered in peanut butter and slid it around Cas’s waist.  “You coulda just stayed, you know,” he said, without totally knowing where he was going with that.  “In my room.  Or whatever.  It doesn’t - it’s not just sex, you know.  You can stay even without sex, is what I’m saying.”
Castiel doesn’t usually sleep, but he does rest at times, when there is no work to be done and no one calling out for him in Heaven or on Earth.  He likes to sit outside, in deep woods or beside rivers, on bustling streets in view of bright neon signs, leaning against his car on country backroads watching headlights going by every half an hour.  Resting is usually pleasant, or at least neutral, but now he finds it aggravating, because the moment he is without purpose or plan all he thinks of is Dean.
But Castiel isn’t listening, not when Dean’s eyes are wide and he can’t draw breath, and he breaks the demon’s hold and raises his blade, drives it through the demon’s back cleanly and watches the light burst from his eyes.
“Definitely don’t need the details,” Sam said, trudging out of the kitchen.  “I’m going back to bed.  Think you two can keep it down?”
They eat their burgers in silence, in the parking lot, watching the rain hit the windshield, and nobody seems happy about it.
“We gotta keep educating you on comedy if you think Hallmark cards are the height of the art form,” Dean said, flashing a smile at the cashier.
“No one can see.”  Cas looked up at him innocently, and Dean thunked his head back against the ice machine and groaned.  “Or hear.”
expected out of the night was to bitch to Cas the whole freezing three mile walk home from the bar, maybe burn off a little of the post-salt-and-burn booze he’d consumed on his own before Cas had turned up.  He hadn’t expected that, two miles in, Cas would turn to him on the sidewalk and say irritably, “Is there anything I can do to get you to
Castiel nods and leaves Sam to his work, and finds Dean in his room with his music on so loud that he doesn’t hear Castiel’s approach; instead Castiel catches him facing away, nodding his head and folding up a black undershirt that’s seen better days, and Castiel watches him silently for a few seconds before he says, “Hello, Dean.”
Things are quiet.  It should be a good thing - of course it’s a good thing, but as he sits at a diner and watches the coffee he’s not drinking get cold Castiel thinks that he wouldn’t mind if there was
, Dean thought as he yanked his face back to kissing distance and gave him some of the heat right back.  He was shameless, because
“Then I’ll buy some more,” Dean says.  He takes the bottle back and stares off across the drenched parking lot.  It’s extremely ugly, so Castiel ignores it in favor of watching Dean.  “Cas.”
- Jesus, had he raised a man or a fucking rabbit, he couldn’t tell sometimes - and his side just said
Dean grunted non-committally, filled a cup with water and downed it, then started on his own peanut butter toast.
.  He’s always tired, has essentially been tired continuously since the years he spent fighting through Hell to reach the Righteous Man, but right now he feels tired in a specifically
“I am no more human than I was last month,” Cas said.  “And significantly less human than I have been in the past.”
“Yeah, there,” he mumbled in Cas’s ear, grinding down as Cas’s grip tightened around him.  “Harder, Cas - ”
Castiel worries as they stand in the room, lit only by the moon and the cheap bulbs of the motel hallway, that moving to a second location has broken the spell.  Dean isn’t even looking at him, he’s looking around the room, at the table, the chairs, the one large king bed, and Castiel regrets ever getting off the cold cement ground -
damn hard to keep your eyes on the road when you had a lapful of angel going down on you, but Dean was a man of his word so he did his best.  There had been a little bit of sorting out, keeping Cas’s head away from the steering wheel and the one moment where Cas had kinda kicked the dash that had made Dean flinch, but now that they’d gotten going Dean was into it.  So into it that his mouth started running, like it did sometimes; he couldn’t help it.
Dean runs a hand through his hair.  “Cas, about the woman from the bar - you know that didn’t mean anything, right?  I was just - I was being - “
“Yeah, that.  And I was trying to show you I didn’t need you.  You know, that I didn’t - expect anything from you.”
.  Dean didn’t usually like to think about big important shit during sex but suddenly all he could think was that he wanted Cas here, and he wrapped his legs around Cas’s waist like he might be able to make it permanent.
“Unbelievable,” the third demon says, his eyes flashing black.  “It’s impossible to find decent employees these days.”
The town faded away quickly - it was like three blocks in every direction and then nothing but farms and scattered houses, just pinpricks of light in the moon-baked landscape.  It was fine, being in the car with Cas instead of back at the motel.  Dean was totally fine with it.  It was
"Call it a hunch," Sam said.  "I know my brother pretty well, and I know you okay too.  Look, if Dean told you not to tell me, you don't have to - "
The minute the door shut behind Sam, Dean was out of his chair and leaning across the rickety table to grab Castiel’s tie.  “Up,” he said.
.  It felt like he was glowing - like he couldn’t see or think about anything else besides whatever it was that was warming him from the inside, connecting him to Cas like a physical tether in his chest.  Neither of them were talking but it was like he could
"It's raining," Dean says, and Castiel ignores him; humans often say things that do not require responses.
“I lied.  I do know what Tinder is,” Cas said, and gave Dean the slyest smirk he’d ever seen cross that angelic face.  “But after a few uses, I realized there was only one person I would ‘swipe right’ for, and they are not on the app.”
“I have significantly more dangerous enemies to worry about than the American government,” Cas said.
He knows, of course, that he will never be Dean’s priority the way Dean is his.  Dean’s first priority has always been and will always be Sam, and that is one of the things that Castiel knows and loves best about him.  After that, Dean cares for humanity as a whole - something he and Castiel have in common, a shared thread that has held them together when others have snapped - and somewhere below that, Castiel imagines, is where he himself falls on the list.  Castiel doesn’t mind that, not at all, would never mind it; his love for Sam and his drive to help people is what makes Dean who he is.
“Sam’s been using a rubber band to close his pita chips,” Cas said knowingly.  “It’s not very effective.  This should help with long-term freshness.”
“Okay,” Dean said.  “Good.”  He chewed thoughtfully.  “I think I still feel the effects of that trick.”
“Me neither,” Sam said.  “Library turned up nothing - no violent deaths in the house going back to when it was built, and nothing suspicious in the whole neighborhood.”
It’s a crossroads demon gone rogue, Cas determines.  He’s running a whole scheme, paying lowlifes to bring in desperate people willing to trade their souls for anything, an eternity in hell for next month’s rent or a couple hits.  “We’ve seen shit like this before,” Dean says under his breath when they figure out which bar one of the lackeys frequents.  “Scumbags.”
; they drive him the same way early men were driven by hunger and cold.  Wants don’t impress themselves upon Dean the way they do among other men that Castiel knows. Yes, sometimes he wants a cheeseburger, and so he gets one; sometimes he wants to listen to Led Zeppelin, and so he overrules Sam's arguments; sometimes he wants the attention of a young woman, and so he goes up to one at a bar.  But he doesn't
“I’d never really thought about it,” Cas admitted, but Dean didn’t really give a crap anymore because he was too busy crowding Cas up against Baby and unzipping all over again.  His dick, which had flagged a little bit during the whole confusing interruption, was back in the game and he needed Cas to be wearing about a thousand percent less pants
Dean looked around.  Yeah, his clothes were back in place, including his boots (which he’d taken off hours ago), and Cas was across the room, sitting calmly in the chair he’d been in when Sam had left.  His tie was askew.
The bed rustled beneath them as Cas rolled them over, got Dean pinned beneath him, kissed his way down Dean’s jaw, across his lower lip, so fucking
aggressive considering ten seconds ago Dean had been standing there alone trying to get some ice but he definitely wasn’t going to complain.  Cas was basically fucking his mouth, his hands pinning Dean’s hips against the brick wall of the motel like he was trying to devour him, maybe rough him up a little, which was new.  Actually, Cas seemed to be trying out something new every time they did this, which wasn’t that many times but Dean could already tell he’d never get tired of the variety.
Castiel leans forward.  “Dean,” he says, trying to show Dean everything with just that one word, and it must work because then Dean is staring at him, leaning forward, his hand coming up to rest on the side of Castiel’s neck like he can’t stop it.  “What,” he says, his lips so close to Dean’s he can almost taste them, “do you
Dean seems annoyed when he and Sam join Castiel at his table, but he takes the beer and drinks half of it in a huge gulp that leaves Sam rolling his eyes.  “I’m just pissed I didn’t get to kill it,” he explains when Castiel raises his eyebrows.
“Sam,” Castiel says quietly, even though he has no idea what to say next, no idea what to say at all.  “It’s okay.”
“I know,” Dean says, glaring out the windshield.  “So. I’m guessing this is about what happened last month.”
Castiel glances at the bottle, at Dean’s hunched shoulders.  “You’re upset because we missed the second werewolf.”
, like Dean was precious, and usually Dean hated when Cas looked at him like that, made him feel human and fragile.  But tonight Dean had felt something in his chest rear up when Cas had tried to trade his life for Dean’s and he
Castiel can hear the disbelief in Sam's voice; Sam is, after all, very smart.  "There was... one thing.  One time."
Dean tapped his fingers on the steering wheel while they waited at a red light.  “Goddammit,” he said, and flipped a u-ey as soon as it turned green.
“I want my own room,” Sam said.  “You two are either gonna fight or - whatever - and either way, I’m out.”
“Yes,”  Dean said immediately.  “Look, it’s - it’s not a problem, you can do whatever you want.  It’s just - does it mean you’re staying?”
“Maybe a ghoul,” Cas said from the backseat.  “We should check to see if there have been any grave desecrations lately.”
“Dean,” Cas said, his eyes blown dark, just a ring of blue around the edges, his hair a mess and his lips swollen and he was
Sam shrugged.  “I don’t know.  What does he do with anything?  Just adds it to the millennia of knowledge, I guess.  He figured out Snapchat filters the other day.”
“It’s just business,” the guy responds.  “Why don’t you take a seat and wait for - oh, here he comes.”
Dean put down his coffee and shouldered up next to Cas and the boxes.  “Hang on, don’t tell me you got shit delivered to the
Castiel isn't sure about that.  Addiction is complicated, for one thing, and for another thing Dean is a man of needs.
Dean snorts, squeezes Castiel’s shoulder one more time and then releases it, shaking his head and looking down at the cement as his smile fades.  “I don’t know about that, man.”
,” Dean said, zipping his aching dick back into his pants and wondering if Cas was about to smite him for the sin of lame dirty talk or being distracted behind the wheel, and followed Cas around to the front of the car.  “What the hell are - ”
“Then why are they there?” Cas said.  “Aren’t these people reaching out for human connection?  Admittedly, they’re being a little crass if what they’re looking for is companionship, but - ”
, but sure,” Dean said, and he wanted to kiss him, was just about to stand up and do exactly that, when he heard the turn of a key in a lock.
“You’re overthinking it, man,” Dean said, not for the first time.  “People don’t actually want to say that shit to each other.  And nobody reads it either.  It’s just generic bullshit.”
It’s a second he regrets when he turns back around and sees the demon, still pinning Dean halfway up the wall, but now with a hand around his throat, squeezing the life out of him with inhuman strength.  Dean is scrabbling at his hands desperately, and when Castiel takes a step forward, the demon throws his other hand out and stops him.
There was a pensive silence.  Dean remembered the first time he got turned down for sex; it sucked, but Cas would live.  Dean considered falling asleep while Cas went on his personal journey with it.
“But why not compose it themselves?” Cas asked.  “Or if nobody reads it anyway, why put anything in the cards in the first place?”
“Well, Cas, we don’t always get what we want,” Dean said, crossing his arms over his chest.  “What the hell were you thinking?”
.  Castiel isn't entirely sure what Dean thinks he's saying when he says this, and even less sure he likes the idea of being something on the list of things Dean Winchester needs, because more often than not, the things Dean needs are the very things that destroy him.
,” Sam said.  “You think I don’t know when you - ?  Come on.  And he has the look too, for the record.  It’s like you taught it to him.
“I do,” Cas says, immediately, and Sam chuckles but Dean isn’t paying attention.  He’s looking around the bar like he’s searching for something, and Castiel can’t imagine what it might be - he would sense if there was something demonic or otherwise dangerous in the establishment - until he follows Dean’s gaze to a group of women clustered across the room.
"He said he didn't need me," Castiel says.  He feels uncertain, like he's stepped to the edge of a cliff and isn't sure he'd be able to fly if he stepped off.  "That's all he said."
“I am, dude,” Dean says.  “Look, like I said, payday’s tomorrow so why don’t I give you my number and - ”
Then he thought about it for a second, went back around to Sammy’s side, leaned in close, and said, “Actually, we did it on the
, Cas, you’re - just seeing you, and the car - god, I want to do everything to you, Cas.  Everything.  One of these days I’m just gonna - I’m gonna pull over, I’m not gonna wait, I’m gonna pull over and throw you over the hood of my baby and just fuck you, right there on the side of the road.  God, Cas, don’t
, couldn’t catch a damn second to get Cas alone and he thought he’d finally found it: Sam, out on the edge of the county investigating the farm the first vic had visited before he kicked the bucket.  Dean figured he and Cas could go back to the hotel, grab a shower (hopefully together) and have a solid hour, maybe two, before Sam tramped his big giant feet back through the door.  He’d been looking forward to it all day.
“Bite me,” Castiel says, and Dean laughs out loud, throws his head back with it and bobbles his whiskey and claps a hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
Which is why it makes no sense at all that when Dean pulls away, Castiel absolutely cannot stop himself from leaning forward to kiss him again.
“Yeah, hiring seems like a real bitch,” Dean says, and then the demon flings him up against the wall.
The cashier, clearly used to seeing little family dramas play out in front of her every day, simply took the card, scanned it, and handed it back to Cas without comment.
Castiel leaned forward and said seriously, “Sam, they have a kale chicken salad that a recent reviewer called ‘transcendent.’”
Castiel rubs his thumb along his angel blade and watches as Dean walks clumsily up to the bar, knocking into both a man and a barstool before slumping up against it.  “‘Nother round, please,” he slurs to the bartender.  “Put it on my tab.”
“Uh huh,” Dean says, but he’s already turned away, eyes on the TV, and Castiel leaves without a word.
“Ain’t that the truth.”  Dean throws back the last of his beer, musses his hair, stands up from the table and shoots a fake grin at Castiel.  “Catch you on the flip side, Cas.”
Cas followed Dean into the first room quietly, waited while Dean did his usual checks and drew his salt lines and dropped his bag by the bed.  He said nothing while Dean went into the bathroom and washed the blood off his hands and face - his and Cas’s mixed together, who knew whose was whose - and then threw his stained flannel on the floor to go into the laundry bag later.
But Cas, who swore up and down he didn’t read minds these days, seemed to know anyway.  He took Dean apart with his hands, sure and steady, and when Dean thought he was about to lose it Cas slid inside of him, and he was inside and outside and all around him, fully
“But it’s the first time you’ve done it,” Cas said.  His voice was starting to get more gravelly, like it did before he came, and Dean was starting to wonder if
“Hoo, boy.  You’re something, you know that?” he says, his eyes bright.  “Honestly, what the fuck would I do without you?”
Castiel looks between Dean, who looks mutinous, and Sam, who looks insistent.  He hands over the keys.
“It’s not just bread,” Cas said, scrolling mindlessly.  “There are a lot of women in various states of undress.”
Dean’s in the Impala immediately, and Castiel exchanges one last glance with Sam before he goes around the car and gets into the passenger side.  Dean waits until Sam’s in the other car before he pulls away from the curb sharply and heads back toward the highway.
And then he stood up and walked away, leaving Dean to goggle after him.  “What the hell does that mean?  Cas?
“Hey,” he said, watching out of the corner of his eye as Cas looked at him.  “You heard of road head?”
Castiel knows Dean doesn't know.  He feels bad about asking, so he takes the bottle from Dean’s hand and drinks deeply in an attempt to demonstrate companionship, or maybe apology.  Dean watches him, then takes the bottle back and raises it to his mouth.  He barely even seems to notice the way it tastes, which Castiel knows cannot possibly be a good thing.
It’s not unusual, his thinking about Dean - he is aware that he thinks about Dean a lot, because it is, of course, part of why he rebelled against Heaven - but there is a new twist to the thoughts now, a fresh uncertainty, an
things, Cas.  Not after everything I’ve done.  I think this is a pretty clear example of how much I fuck up things I - ”
“I think I could spot you a round,” one man says, sidling up to Dean’s side, and Dean grins broadly and claps a hand on the man’s shoulder.
“It’s unbelievable that they make recycling so time intensive,” Cas said, shooting a dark look at the overflowing bin.
It’s nice, actually, Castiel thinks, in that imprecise and mostly meaningless way humans use the word “nice”.  Sam orders nachos, and Dean actually laughs when Castiel tries a jalapeno and declares it “molecularly aggressive.”  When Sam goes up to the bar and brings back three shots, he thinks of Sam glaring at Dean's half-empty bottle of whiskey a few weeks ago and wonders why humans constantly do things that are absolutely counter to their best interests, to their
“He’s not inserting himself,” Castiel says irritably.  “It’s Sam.  He’s part of everything to do with you.  And he’s my friend too, you know.”
Dean doesn’t pull away then; he surges forward with a soft noise, opens his mouth and hesitantly swipes his tongue against Castiel’s, and Castiel has kissed people before but he knows now that all of those were just practice so that he would have a chance to get this one right.
Castiel thinks of the hours he spent a week ago sitting by a bubbling stream in a park and considering the shape of Dean’s hands.  “Not much.”
them, he grew to understand.  To sympathize, even, with wanting something you didn’t have.  It is the natural state of humanity; they can’t help it.
He looked up at the sky.  “Hey, Cas?  You busy?  We’re at this motel on route 80 outside Elkton, Econo-something, if you wanted to - ”
that, seeing that he’d turned Cas from sitting-at-the-table-debating-with-Sam-about-translations to dirty-sweaty-desperate so fast.  He’d seen Cas a lot of ways but this was one of the best, strewn out on the bed under him, trenchcoat balled up under him and head thrown back, his lips parted around Dean’s name, and when Cas looked him straight in the eye and repeated it, breathless, “
- a mission, or an angel in need, or even just a basic salt and burn.  He remembers, in the past, spending decades, even centuries of time doing nothing at all but standing guard and preparing for battle.  Now, the length of time it takes the Biggerson’s waitress to get his check feels interminable.
“And then in addition to the macarons,” Cas said, like he hadn’t just been talking about his preference for big-screen, high-definition fucking, “there are whole
Sam closes his computer eventually, gets into bed and puts a pillow over his head, and Castiel glances at the window.  On these occasions, when the Winchesters have to sleep and Castiel doesn't have anything to do, he often drives around, visits crime scenes and searches for omens, but tonight he has no car of his own and would have to do it on foot, and it's freezing and raining and he realizes he doesn't
“I don’t think we’re looking at a vengeful spirit,” Dean said, pulling away from the curb with a jerk.
Castiel watches while he pays for a second, then a third; Dean drinks them quickly, talks about sports and the weather until they’re empty, and then he turns to the man and says, “Well, it’s been real, but I should get going.  Don’t want the old ball ‘n’ chain getting worried, am I right?”
And Cas heard him, because it’s soft, the most loving and gentle question Dean thinks he’s ever heard. And it does things to his heart.
This wasn’t any of that, and I wanted to understand, “Then how is it?” I asked, finally lowering my voice. I choked on my tears and I hated that. I fought them, and they still won, seeping out of control down my cheeks.
The panic sets in. This drawing is due tomorrow. And sure, there are people that don’t have the ability to make things move and who just take the class for fun. That’s not Cas. He’s serious about this. He’s not his older brothers or sister, already trying to make the Forbes list.
him. For putting Cas in any sort of position to let that happen to begin with. It was. It was his fault.
It’s poetic in the best ways, which are also the worst, because he still can’t believe what he heard. It’s a cruel joke. Dean flirts with everybody- guy, girl, the non-binary kids- it doesn’t matter to him. It’s just who he is. He’s the type of guy who gets really into kissing in games like spin-the-bottle, or who cuddles with his friends during the movies and then says it’s platonic.
He smiles, holding out the movie, and I feel my face heating up. I stare at his pinky for a couple seconds before realizing that I’m actually
And instantly he knows what Dean’s going to see. Months of subtle sketches. And horror sets in at the thought, and Dean’s still grinning.
Castiel watched his father build the world from a burning spherical mass of hell, into the beautiful blues and forest-blanket greens that seem like they were custom made  for he and Dean.
I smile to myself. It’s the first time I’ve heard those words and not taken them as an insult, “No. I guess not.”
There’s warmth, and beauty, and Cas feels like he’s floating. When Dean pulls away, he’s absolutely breathless, and still clinging.
In silence, though, Castiel’s found that he rather likes to read. Not all books are dusty grimoires with dull accounts of hunters day-to-day encounters with the supernatural. There are books full of hope- love stories and tales of triumph that have inspired humanity for hundreds of years. They inspire him, too.
Great. Now he’s thinking about Dean Winchester’s messy hair. He feels the rubbery, chalky taste of his eraser as it snaps in his mouth. He grimaces and spits it out, noting all of the teeth marks in it. Ugh.
Castiel’s facial features change like seasons, harsh winter to a pleasant spring with his eyes closed, that intense blue lost somewhere to a world of blissful dreams. Human dreams.
He dares look back at the table only to suck a breath in and immediately turns around. The hairs on the back of his neck are standing up, and really, he’s lucky he spit the eraser out and eliminated any possible choking hazard.
Nothing about what Castiel wants from Dean is platonic, not anymore. Sure, he wants his best friend back. He’s wanted that since Dean vanished that summer and came back to school completely different. But he wants new things, too. Doesn’t think he can have one without the other and not be somewhat broken-hearted about it.
The moon beamed full, cold and bright in the center, a dangerously beautiful glass orb on a crystalline surface.
And every ‘hello, Dean’ from the times that they were so young comes back to him, and every ‘hello, Dean’ he wishes he would’ve said when Dean walked past him in the hall for the past few years. The number of times he wishes he’d asked ‘why?’ Because now, it feels like such a waste of time.
“I’m proud of you,” Cas affirms with a kiss to Dean’s forehead that coats his lips in a light dusting of glitter cannon glitter.
“You’re a weird, dorky little man,” he says, smiling as he shakes his head, “I like it. Come on, let’s go.”
“Okay, I’ll stay right here,” Cas reassures, wrapping his arms gently around Dean and holding him, “Not going anywhere.”
He’s reached that level of 4 AM tired that equates to about the same brainspace as having more than a few too many cups of whiskey. They’ve been laughing at nothing for the past hour. Dean doesn’t even think Cas gets half of the jokes he tells, but he laughs anyway- as if Dean’s laughter is just contagious. Doesn’t matter to Dean how it happens- Cas’ laugh is beautiful and elusive and he could bask in it for hours without wanting to fall asleep and miss it.
“Dean,” Castiel blushes, cutting off Dean’s nervous rambling before reaching across the console to hold his hand, “I think I can squeeze you in.”
“Let me see that,” Dean said, snatching Cas’s phone out of his hands.  “Wait, so girls just post this stuff for no reason?”
He wonders, sometimes, what it means that the human he knows best is the one whose wants he understands least.
Dean’s eyes go wide with surprise and then laughter, and Sam snorts, because this is a familiar debate; Dean genuinely thinks Return of the Jedi is a good movie, and Sam is fond of giving him a hard time about it.  Castiel thinks that sometimes the Winchesters forget that he knows about their jokes, keeps track of the things they care about.  He wonders how often they think of him as their friend, and how often they think of him as all the other things he is or has ever been.
“I’m at a bar already,” Castiel says, which is not quite true, but he’s sitting in his car across the street from one that he identified as the type the Winchesters prefer.  “I’ll order you both a beer.”
"You know I’m not an expert at the implications behind colloquialisms, but yes, I believe so," Castiel says, a little bit helplessly.
“Yes,” Cas said, and Dean could feel his hand moving in time with their bodies.  “This wasn’t the - ah - first time you’d thought about this.”
.  He's not going to like it, hell, you're probably not going to like it, but do you like what's going on right now?"
“If you didn’t buy so much shit, you wouldn’t have to deal with so many boxes,” Dean said, very reasonably in his opinion.
“‘S okay,” Dean says, vaguely, not quite able to concentrate on Cas in the present, because now he really is thinking about it again. And he wants to be okay with it, wants to be able to talk about it like it’s no big deal, but it’s becoming obvious that he’s not there yet, no matter how much he trusts Cas, or how much he wants it to be okay.
“Oh, sorry,” Dean said. I wasn’t sure whether he meant to me, or to the girl and little boy (who was also dressed in leather and sunglasses). “Cas, this is my girlfriend, Lisa, and her son, Ben. Guys, this is Cas...tiel,” he added the last half on quickly.
Things that maybe he doesn’t deserve- but that Cas deserves. Feelings that Dean wants to give back to Cas.
“Sorry!” Castiel clumsily offers to one of the guys that he bumps into. It’s short lived, because then he’s laughing again. And he finds that no matter how much his lungs burn, it’s hard to stop.
I told you, this is my fifth copy of this book. I can nearly quote it front to back, and still, I find myself mesmerized and looking for something new every time I turn a page. Sometimes, I get a little discouraged. I want to believe in soulmates, in the red string...more than anything- the entire concept is romantic beyond my wildest dreams. But, somewhere amidst the mess of my life, I guess the Japanese left me out and spared some poor guy the misfortune of being attached to me by some piece of thread. I’m clumsy. I’d probably knock him over, if he hadn’t taken one look at me and cut the thread himself.
For weeks, I lied to myself. I told myself he was coming back. After all, the thread can get knotted beyond recognition...but you still find your way back to each other, right? I just had to have a little bit of faith.
“Aesthetic ass?” Dean asks, raising a brow. But, for once there’s no bite to his words, only a gentle amusement and a beautiful smile to match it.
Baby rolled a touch over eighty down the empty desert highway. It seemed like something straight out of
He held me as I cried, just like he had when it was over simpler things- like a character death in a movie, or a hard day at work. There’s nothing that can adequately describe the anguish of the sickening comfort you still find in the arms of someone that you still love that’s fallen out of love with you. It hurts- it’s as close as a heartbeat, and as distant as a thousand oceans.
“Boys will be boys my ass, Winchester!” he explodes, and now the entire lunchroom is staring. Because Castiel Novak is quiet and usually buried in his sketchbooks or otherwise preoccupied with pretending the outside world doesn’t exist. “You’re just an asshole!”
I started to hyperventilate as the reality of the situation came crashing over me like a tidal wave, after which, wave after wave just pounded against my chest in form of a heartbeat. He tried to touch me, to lead me to the couch, “Breathe.”
And it’s late, and Dean’s honestly falling asleep more and more by the minute as his fingers continue to trace Castiel’s feathers, and he notices small goosebumps have formed on the angel’s arms. It’s late, and his filter and walls are in standby and sleep mode, respectively.
They fought for moments like this, and something about this life is simply breathtaking. Exactly as it is. It can be the kids’ turn now. He’s good with that.
All of this happiness and good from something that was never supposed to be his. Heaven’s prophecies be damned. The righteous man is right where he belongs.
Real love. Not the kind that lasts for two minutes on a high, and comes down, gets dressed and leaves- or, in Cas’ case, tries to stab you with an angel blade.
The world swirls around you- destructive and violent. But just for a moment, every turmoil in your being ceases. And there’s light, and there’s quiet. There’s a mutual understanding, and a peace between you and the universe.
Cas has known that there’s something off for so long, and so far, he’s been true to his word and hasn’t pushed. But it’s becoming very real in Dean’s mind that what they have now, the relationship that they want to build together, that that is gonna want to tear down that wall in Dean’s head.
He’s tracing shapes and beautiful words on Castiel’s shoulder blades, things like ‘I love you’ and ‘stay with me’. Once in awhile, he’ll say them aloud.
“But for now,” Dean shoots a roguish smile back in the direction of their pursuit, “Basically, run.”
His blue eyes look worried, and Dean can’t for the life of him understand what the hell he’s done to warrant that look and everything good intention behind it.
There’s just no way that that feeling’s returned. Dean, beautiful, sunshine-and-freckles Dean has no room in his glorious light for Castiel’s softer and more subtle shades of darkness. They meet when one rises and the other sets, glimpsing each other in passing, but never together- not anymore.
The graphite slides into the white space of his pages, scarring his work, which doesn’t seem to entirely matter, because seconds later, there’s
So, that was it? It was just over? Nine months of happiness...one moment of fear...and that was just...it? No, that couldn’t be it. I wouldn’t let him.
. Time has completely stood still. All that’s missing is some floating popcorn, and a field full of daffodils (which, coincidentally, happen to be my favorite flower).
?” I spat, slamming the door behind me before he could even get in the door, “Are you kidding me, Dean?”
They weren’t incredibly close, then. There were no random visits to the coffee shop, no park bench. Cas was this shy, awkward and really cute guy that kept coming to D&D night, even after his friend Meg dropped out.
Dean’s a natural leader. Always has been. But he’s always had this almost innate ability to make sure that Cas is never trailing behind him, but always beside him. God, he’s missed being beside him.
Cas deserves more than this. Cas deserves him when the sun’s risen, and he’s not hiding this in the shadows. Cas deserves reassurance that Dean wants this, too. Not just tonight, but every day. He deserves safety, and he deserves to feel like he means something. And those things don’t happen overnight. They also don’t happen in years of silence in one moment of vulnerability.
“None of that, you’re welcome any time, honey,” Ellen promises, hugging Cas after Bobby’s finished, "We're all one big patchwork family here and you've got a space if you want it."
When I woke up, I was in the bed, but the spot next to me was cold. I panicked for a moment, jumping out of bed, only to find Dean asleep, curled on the couch with one of the smaller blankets. I covered him with the comforter and sat in the recliner opposite, taking the time while he slept to memorize each of the features that were part of the man who had my heart.
One runs out of normal things to talk about when they’re trying to fall asleep beside a cosmic being who doesn’t understand the meaning of the word tired.
Dean knows that, too. But one memory, one thought of John is all it takes. It’s gonna require a lot of effort to get to a place where he can talk about it. It’s gonna take even more to be okay with anyone seeing him without a painted smile, cracking jokes all the time. Anything else makes him feel weak, and vulnerable- a crack in the wall that could send the whole thing tumbling down.
But then, there’s the way Dean play-flirts with him. It’s reminiscent of a preteen tugging on pigtails as a means to express affection. It’s like they speak two different languages now. And to Cas, that makes him kind of an asshole. Not just for the snark, and for the jokes that aren’t funny.
Dean bends his head, and Cas is leaning up to meet him without having to think about it twice. There’s that subtle height difference again. He likes it. Dean pauses just before, and Castiel recognizes the question in his eyes ‘is this okay?’
He never imagined a grin would be plastered on his face after his first pride parade, or that he’d be half painted in hues of magenta, and purple and blue.
This is an RP response I wrote for @waywarded and thought it was too perfect not to be this week's prompt. It's a bit over 100 words but I loved it, and I wanted to share it.
He pays for my movies, even though I insist, and he holds the door open for me. I’m not used to this. Is it weird that I’m noticing these little things? I mean, I hold the door for people often, and never even really get a thank you...and here I am, heart beating faster because a cute guy is holding a door open for me. I’m really getting in too fast. What if this isn’t even a date? What if this is like a ‘bros hanging out’ thing?
“I’m talking about everything, Dean,” he says gently, “I won’t push you for anything you’re not ready to tell me. I just want you to know that you
The ocean toys with the senses: you smell and hear it before you see it. Once in view, there’s nothing on Earth quite as breathtaking...save for watching your loved one’s pupils dilate, tears brimming, just at the edge of falling. The man has saved the world, but he’s never seen the sea.
But there’s a reason John Winchester’s memory is confined to the drawer Cas’d been about to open. And it can stay there and rot for all Dean cares.
It was a perfect beginning. It was like the ‘happily ever after’ most people dream of. We were probably the couple that other people hated because we were so obnoxiously cute together, but, we never really noticed anyone else. We were inseparable, and the months blew by so incredibly fast. Nine of them, to be exact.
“Hey, Earth to Cas,” he hurries, stepping in front of the drawer protectively, trying to pass his panic off as a joke again, “You here with me, sunshine?”
He readjusts to face Cas, but Cas doesn’t move. He stays still on his back and Dean can’t help but to roll his eyes, taking Cas’ arm and guiding him onto his side. He doesn’t let go once Cas has readjusted, but rather, slips his hand down into the empty space between Castiel’s fingers. And it’s the most goddamn intimate thing he’s possibly ever done with someone. And yet, it’s not nearly reassuring enough.
He feels the feathers jerk a bit beneath him, and he murmurs into Cas’ neck, “It’s alright, you’re safe. You’re loved, I’ve got you…”
“Hate to ruin the moment, Cas, but…” Dean side-eyes one of the teachers, coming toward them with a gleeful look that likely means suspension, or at the very least a stern talking to. “Grab your bag, and let’s go?”
There are good things ahead for them, Dean is sure of it. Things to look forward to, that maybe hadn’t been there before in the same way. They’re things that’ve always been there that now exist differently, rejuvenated, and full of promise. Like, they’ll hold hands on that bench in the park where they sit and talk for hours. And, when they part, Dean’ll make sure to kiss Cas goodnight. And he won’t be ashamed, or hide, cause he’s the luckiest guy in the world and he’s gonna make damn sure that Cas knows that.
Dean tilts his head, examining one of the pages of Castiel’s work, “But, I’m glad to see that my ass is a good muse for your...creative talents.”
The day you bury him, a rainbow spans the sky. You think of the colours he brought to your world, none of them quite so beautiful as the shade of green in his eyes. There will never be a colour that perfect again.
Dean’s found it doesn’t matter. Pain is pain. Doesn’t matter if the bandage comes off quickly, or tears at the skin- it still scars.
“No. No, no, no, no, no…” I started panicking, pleading, “Please don’t do this. Please. Dean, we’re happy. Look, I’m not even mad anymore, it’s okay. It’s okay, you can take your time...you don’t have to tell him until you’re ready.” I wrapped my arms around him as though he would disappear in an instant.
The movie ended too soon. I didn’t want the moment to end, or for him to get up. I was content to stay exactly where I was, until he tilted my chin up, and he kissed me.
“It’s just a little further, Dean,” Castiel assured the sleeping hunter, his grip tight as he raised the most beautiful soul he’d ever seen out of perdition.
But there, too, are the less simple cravings: his fingers fumbling to weave with yours, his breaths hitching, the smallest of sounds escaping his trembling lips, your fingertips against the raised bumps of his skin, the way he breathes your name --- “
. I like it, but, sometimes I feel like people here are judging me. I just...I don’t really like being the center of attention...and here...well, it grabs attention. For some reason, I decide not to care, and grab
But Dean’s already laughing, cause his childhood bed isn’t really big, and in retrospect, he should’ve expected it.
“Shall we begin, then?” There’s something about that look, and the power and intent behind it that says Cas knows exactly what he’s doing
Since Castiel’s crash course into the world of popular culture, Dean’s been trying to teach him the greats- classic Western movies, high-stake action thrillers, the likes. Castiel sits through them all gracefully, learning about Dean through his favourite movies and characters.
There was a long pause. A long, unbearably quiet pause, where all I could hear was the blood rushing in my ears.
It was a realization I had to come to pretty much on my own- my parents never mentioned that there was a chance that I could think about kissing boys the way most boys want to kiss girls. Then, I saw
Cas’ grip on him tightens, dragging him closer until the warmth of their bodies beneath the covers are touching, and Cas presses a gentle kiss to Dean’s temple, his breaths still heavy and groggy.
A subtly pointed question from the man who knew how many times I’d reread the book. He meant the string.
One day, they’ll write something for people like me. Until then, I’ll stick with my ritual of a couple movies from the movie store and unwinding with some popcorn and pizza. Maybe if the movie’s good, I’ll cry about how alone I am- and if the movie’s bad, well, there’s always my book about the red thread.
That was years ago anyway. Neither of them had known then what it meant to have the tiniest hint of a crush, so, there’s no way that Dean knows that Cas is harboring the teensiest, tiniest little flame for his former friend and has been for years.
And then, because Dean has no idea how much Cas loves him. How much he regrets that they were too young then to understand. It was always love. It’s just grown. At a distance. And, worse, one sided.
“I might not ever be able to stop loving you, Cas. But I’ll never love you like you deserve. I’ll never be able to give you what you want.”
It shouldn’t be this hard. He’s said it in his fantasies, and in his dreams a hundred million times.
Castiel fits his fingers against the scarred flesh of Dean’s arm, fingers fitting perfectly in the raised flesh. Dean shudders, gripping tightly back onto Cas.
Dean nods. He knows that. He’s known that for a really long time, and for the first time, Dean feels like he might be ready to talk about it. Not yet, but one day soon. He really does know he’s safe with Cas, and that Cas is safe with him. It’s really kind of beautiful all the way around.
I knew Dean. He was good, and kind, and loyal, sometimes to a fault. He was hard on himself, and liked to put a face on for the world when his own was falling apart. He listened to 80s love songs when he was upset, and would shut the door so no one would see him cry.
There are plenty more firsts for Dean to share with Cas. He wants them to be right. And they will be. Because they, the two of them, together. They’re right. He thinks maybe he’s known that for a long time.
He looks introspectively at the hunter as he shivers just a bit, and he decides that something is missing.
Dean straddles the angel with a smirk. He doesn’t have to hold his wrists in place, but does anyway, appreciating his handiwork before moving to Cas’ arms and neck, teasing the opened fabric of his button-up before tracing over his bare chest, meeting touches with kisses.
I have an impressive collection, but, sometimes I want to watch something I don’t have- and that’s when I walk a few blocks to the video store.
I only noticed it as he walked away. The red string...he’d tied it to the keys, like a keychain. It was everything I could not to chase after him.
“Hello, Dean,” I couldn’t help but smile at how real he was, standing there. At how well my memory had preserved him. I was still dying inside, and at the same time, I felt overjoyed.
He’s pretty sure that his CEO-dad and psychiatrist mom aren’t going to support his decision to go to art school, judging based, of course, upon the fact that he’s had to fill out applications for only Ivy League schools. Those are the only ones coming to the house. The others...those are his and his grandma’s little secret. He’s gotta get a scholarship. Which means showcase at the end of the year here, for his portfolio.
His lips are heavy enough that they’ll leave bruises on Dean’s jawline, his collarbones. He wants it. Wants to be claimed, marked.
Their second kiss lasts longer. Is more. It’s full of time- years waited and lost, years that they try and get back. Love that’s battled uphill over rocks and mud to get to this moment. Regret, pain, loss. Passion, tenderness, devotion.
There’s silence. It’s dark, and Dean can’t see the mesmerizing shade of blue in Castiel’s eyes- but he can feel the connection, present as ever, darkness aside.
Flames rolled in like waves, consuming the cool tones of the angel’s skin, licking at and singeing his beautiful, dark wings.
He wants to learn how his fingers fit into the space between Dean’s. He wants to pay more attention to those old rock ‘n roll songs that he loves so much. He wants to learn what makes Dean’s heart start and stop again like a clock. He wants to brush those stray hairs away from his eyes so that he can memorize that shade of green and maybe someday perfect it himself into art. He wants to know what it would be like to be held in those strong arms, Dean’s hand on his back pulling him closer, closer.
Frozen. The world is frozen in the moment, and it’s every romantic cliche of every sappy, unrealistic chick flick Dean claims not to love. Cas is okay being a romantic cliche. It’s beautiful, really. Nothing else matters, or exists. Nothing’s fluid, and there’s no need for motion. There’s just the gentle chemistry when their eyes meet, ocean colours colliding and finding that they’re at home within one another.
That didn’t help. I cried harder. I wanted to tell him a thousand things, but the tears wouldn’t even stop for one.
They sprint past the cheers and good-humored laughter of their classmates, they dart through the lunchroom doors toward their freedom- the main door at the end of the hall.
“Make sure he drives safe, Cas, okay?” Bobby says, bringing Cas into the hug, which appears to have Castiel a bit surprised before he accepts the affection. The thought that the Novak household doesn’t hug makes Dean sad. Cas deserves love and affection.
I must look pathetic to this beautiful guy. I’m holding a stack full of chick flicks in my hands, stammering like an idiot, and unable to form words.
“Bi? That’s never been a problem until now. What does it matter that I’m not some girl you found at some bar? We’re happy- doesn’t that matter? Don’t I matter? Are you ashamed of me?” I couldn’t believe it. Nine months of darting around his family, and now I knew why.
“Dolphins are capable of enjoying sex, too, Dean. It came highly recommended by the woman at the counter. She said she uses it with her wife.”
Angels don’t dream. Angels don’t sleep, though Dean’s wondered what it might be like to shut off reality, and escape. He has no concept of the notion.
And on the one hand, that scares him to hell and back, but on the other hand - he’s built walls because he’s used to people walking in and taking pieces of him without his permission, and leaving. And he doesn’t think that’s what Cas or their relationship is all about.
The cassette-tape memory of the greatest love of his life skips now, it warbles, and sometimes won’t play. But the tears still come. They always come.
Sure, Dean flirts with Cas. But Dean flirts with everyone. And the flirtations are just in passing. Dean’s serial-dated popular kids. But he’s never dated someone like Cas.
He’s about to give Dean Winchester a piece of his mind, but Dean’s already walking away, strutting that very same ass toward the exit.
Smoke fills the room. Cas’ eyes are lidded, and he’s smiling. It’s a sight that Dean’s never noticed himself missing, probably because Cas doesn’t do it enough.
“I’m uh...I’m sorry, were you talking to me?” I ask, shaking myself out of my daze, glancing around a bit as though there’s anyone else here. Who am I kidding? It’s pretty much like
He took a few somewhat shaky breaths, “I can’t do this. You’re gonna find someone, okay? Someone great. That someone isn’t me. I’m not your red thread, or whatever. I’m just the guy that was tangled up in that knot, okay? I didn’t deserve you anyway. You deserve to be so happy, Cas.”
They go back to the motel after dinner, and Castiel trudges into the room behind the brothers, not realizing until he’s closing the door behind him that he has no reason to be there.  The case is over, Castiel has his own car, and the Winchesters won’t go to sleep for a few hours, probably, so Castiel is about to turn around and leave when Dean says, “Want a beer, Cas?”
“Long day,” Dean grunted while Cas pressed kisses down his throat.  “Sam got hurt.  Baby got dinged.”
.  Dean backed him toward the bed with a snarl and pushed him down on it, mouthing at his neck until Cas tilted his head back and sighed, giving Dean more access.
It opens for him easily, and he steps inside.  The place reeks of sulfur, and it’s dark in the front lobby.  Castiel isn’t sure what it used to be - a real estate agency, maybe, or a tax preparer - but it’s empty now, just desks and chairs and frosted glass offices branching off in several directions.  Down one hall, Castiel can see lights, and he follows them, stepping carefully on the carpeted floor.
Dean spent the vast majority of his post-pubescent life sharing a room with his brother, which meant he had a lot of experience messing around in places where he knew he might not have a lot of time.  He knew what it took to be efficient: getting naked was cool and all, but clothes just kinda pushed out of the way for a minute was hot too, and it was one thing to take your time but a totally
“Because they’re bored,” Dean said, throwing himself down in the chair across from Cas and taking a sip of beer.  “Dude, you’re not supposed to read the comments, it’s a dumpster fire.”
“What?” Dean said, irritated, when Sam seemed like he was finally calming down.  “Come on, man, this is serious - ”
“The messages are absurd,” Cas said cheerfully, putting the card he was holding back in its slot.  “There’s so much variety!  I can’t believe people just give them to each other and say nothing.  They let strangers do the talking on these sacred occasions.”
“You have before,” Dean said, and immediately realized he sounded like a whiny freaking baby.  “Look, it doesn’t matter - ”
“Oh yeah,” Dean confirmed, holding Cas’s hips firmly and murmuring into Cas’s ear.  “Never done this with anybody - never - oh, god, Cas,
“They can track you through that thing, Cas,” Dean said, handing him his phone back.  “Sam tell you that?”
.  He wanted to show Cas all the things that were conceptually hot in the known universe, and so he pulled back, one hand still wrapped around Cas, and said, “Hey, before you come, pull out, okay?”
“No, I mean why do you care about why people post YouTube comments at all?  Why do you care about any of this stuff?”
Dean felt like his brain had melted out of his ears.  “Cas.  That was just - that was just something you
Castiel meets them in Tennessee to help investigate the mysterious deaths, and they discover a small coven living in an apartment building not far from the river.  The leader of the coven is inexperienced, her followers barely out of their teens, and after the one in charge takes a hostage and Dean is forced to kill her, the others beg forgiveness and pile their hex bags and books for the Winchesters to burn.  It’s open and shut, by their standards, and Castiel suspects fairly quickly that Sam did not actually think Castiel was necessary for this particular hunt, a suspicion strengthened when Sam says cheerfully, “Well, now that that’s taken care of, should we get dinner?”  Dean shrugs like he doesn’t care either way, but they leave their cars at the motel and walk to a bar.
Surely enough, the ink is starting to disappear as though there’s a drain in the paper, almost like magic.
Castiel cradles Dean’s sleeping form after his storms, placing a hand against Dean’s chest and whispering softly, “I will keep you safe.”
Dean runs his fingers over the photographed mess of Castiel’s hair. He thinks the color is wrong. He doesn’t remember.
“It’s nice,” Castiel replies, surprisingly without retort that he’s an angel of the lord and doesn’t need protection, especially from things that are over and done. Dean expected that. The fact that he doesn’t hear it throws him.
They slow to a halt that nearly has Cas crashing into Dean, who says with more seriousness than Cas can recently remember hearing out of his maybe-boyfriend, “Please be serious.”
But, there’s more, too. Something more pronounced than simple anger. Guilt, maybe? Regret? Definitely sadness.
He refocuses a moment later on the drawing. It’s a good line. It moves. It feels. It breathes, like he’s bringing Dean’s body to life. Of course, no one will ever, ever know that these legs are Dean’s. He’s made adjustments, they’re not slightly-and-ever-so-adorably bowed, like Dean’s are...
I take too long thinking about it again, and next thing I know, I’m realizing he’s still holding my hand, because I can feel it as he leans in, nearly whispering in my ear, “So, what do you say? Wanna get out of here?”
Sam snickered at Dean, who was staring in abject horror at the litter of bunnies casually leaping and bounding across the floor, making new burrows in their shoes, and the pockets of Cas’ trenchcoat (which was, admittedly, kind of, maybe slightly cute, in an annoying way). One had even made itself comfortable atop Cas’ head.
“He would have been happy for you! If he were any kind of brother at all he’d be happy for you because you’re happy,” I ran my hands up and down his arms reassuringly, “Aren’t we happy, Dean?”
The lunchroom is at a dull roar. Castiel Novak has pushed aside his tray- which still contains whatever mystery meat was being served (looks
strong. And he promises to himself in this moment that he’s never going to make assumptions again. If Dean allows him to stick around- Cas will ask questions, he’ll try to understand. “I’m pretty badass, if I do say so myself.”
Laughing turns into kisses, interrupted by bursts of unfinished laughter, until they’re just kissing, and Dean seriously begins to doubt that they’ll make it back to campus on time. He’s oddly okay with that, although he could do with a bit of privacy away from the family, and he’s sure Cas has to get back to American History papers. Maybe he’ll take a history elective next semester so he understands a little more when Cas is geeking out. He’d like that. As long as it’s not one of Cas’ classes. Or…
Cas deserves tender kisses and gentle touches so that when the rough stuff happens, he knows it’s from a place of love and mutual consent- not a place of danger or anger. Deserves to know that when Dean looks at him, he’s looking at his entire world.
Dean had been in the dark alley behind the coffeeshop when Cas found him, tears burning and staining his cheeks- tears that made it worse cause they reminded him how his dad dealt with crying.
Castiel’s heart is erratic against his chest, and the butterflies of anticipation in his stomach are so out of control, he almost can’t help but to squirm a little.
Dean misses the first time. But he has to give him credit for his persistence. The move from the space between Cas’ nose and lips to capturing his lips in his own is damn near breathtakingly flawless. Cas’ hands search for something to hold onto, and he’s more than pleased to find Dean’s shirt in his grasp, grounding him.
“I told you before. I’m fucked up, Cas. You don’t get it...you can’t, and I’m not gonna put you through that. If he would have found out today?”
True, they’d been neighbors once. Friends. No...best friends. They’d been best friends. He’ll call it what it was. What it could have been if maybe Dean’s dad hadn’t lost his job, and moved them to the other side of town. No more window sneaking at night, no more video games or shared secrets.
Tiny as in the fact that there are easily more drawings of Dean sketched in the book than any other of his muses. In his defense, Cas has to stare at the back of Dean’s head for three classes, and he’s...he’s
The word ‘no’ pulled at Dean’s lips, but Cas looked so...so freakin’... happy. So instead, he rolled his eyes, turning to walk out of the room.
Castiel drinks in the sight of the most beautiful human ever to grace the earth: hands tied behind his back, on his knees, torso flat against the bed, forbidden to collapse further or receive any relief where he needs it most.
He runs his fingers through Dean’s hair. His human has exhausted himself again. The concept of being in bed without sleeping seemed strange at first, and honestly, the angel’s still not certain he understands it. But he likes it.
Instead of offering his services as a bed or a couch, instead he gently tips Castiel back, letting his head rest against the couch they’d been sitting on, plotting what came next in the hunt.
When the pizza came, we finally started the movie. He stayed focused, not like those weird people who ask ten thousand questions about the movie when they could just be watching it. I liked that.
“It makes me very happy, Dean, to be your moon, or your sun. But you are light, you are good, for me, as much as for you, as much as I am for you.” It’s soft, and Dean’s having trouble focusing. And he has a tendency to shut out praise anyway.
,” he teases, knowing it’ll drive Castiel’s practical mind crazy. His lips crease in a small smile, and a breathy laugh.
He could fall asleep, here, surrounded by warmth, and more importantly by love, in a space that he’s come to accept as home- unsure whether that’s because he’s got his own room with his own things and his own bed, or if it’s more to do with the sleeping beauty beside him. He thinks it’s a little bit of both.
Dean Winchester would know what it meant to be an athlete. To have his knees kicking high as he ran in full fluid, beautiful blurred motion. He’d know how to close his eyes and breathe in the cool air as it swept his perfect chestnut-coloured hair into a windblown mess.
Usually, the feelings portrayed in his sketches are things he feels passionate about. And, well, not all of those things are exactly meant for the public eye and that’s beside the point anyway.
He looks thoughtful a few moments, and I worry that he’s going to say ‘nice meeting you’ and then walk away, and that I, unsure of what to say or how to really even human, am just going to let him, and then, never see him again. Instead, he surprises me.
He liked classic rock, and old cars, and we even talked about men. He said he realized he was bi when he developed a crush on Luke Skywalker...I told him my first crush was Aragorn. It was basically a match made in heaven.
It had taken time. Time that had built trust, and dare the angel say even love? Dean would never remember. Still, Castiel’s handprint seared into Dean’s flesh, willing him, ‘come back to me soon’.
