He forces his voice to sound flat, bored. “I have a
Tony has never been good with awkward silences, but apparently Steve isn’t either.
“Of course I did baby.” Tony whispers, lips ghosting his neck, and he feels a flash of warmth through his whole body
“You’re late,” Howard says as he walks out of the elevator, and Tony keeps his expression neutral. They’re the first words he’s said to him in a month.
They start to eat, and he is so glad for the distraction, for something to occupy his hands while he thinks.
it hurts.
here.”
“Obadiah, let me introduce you to Nick Fury. He’s certainly not as nice as I am, he’s got all the necessary evidence, and he will be in charge of your trial. Or lack thereof.”
“I thought the coffee would be a good peace offering.”
The storm is ebbing and flowing, slamming against the last defences he has.
Halfway down the alley, he realises just how dark it is. But honestly, that’s the last thing on his mind, because he would literally kill for chocolate right now.
He forwards Rhodey's number to Nat, because he can’t talk to anyone right now, doesn’t want to wake Tony up but doesn’t want to leave him either.
To his surprise, Steve holds his gaze steadily.
Steve shifts backwards, twirling Tony, and something in him feels so
word works, and the quicker you understand that, the better!”
These are the things he knows.
Howard’s voice is low, soft. Tony doesn’t answer. Whatever he says, it won’t make a difference. He tugs slightly at his father's grip, and Howard releases him, turning back to Obadiah, who’s pretending he hasn’t heard all of that.
feels like.
“Yeah?” He lifts his head, meeting Tony’s gaze, and he gives Steve a look that is so similar to the one he had given him when they’d kissed. It’s happy, open, and so very honest. A part of him knows that not a lot of people will ever see that expression, so something warm lights in his chest at the sight of it.
because there isn’t a single place in the world that can hurt more than here.
He thinks something cracks, but he’s not sure. Red-hot pain lances through him, but he grits his teeth, turning to face his father again, and lifting his chin because that’s all he has the will left to do, all he
“Oh really? I didn’t take you for an art lover Mr Stark.”
Steve pulls his hand away, and when Tony looks at him again, the calm expression has tightened slightly.
As far as shitty field trips go, Tony thinks as they follow the tour guide through the Met, it could be worse.
“We don’t need to do anything, I just don’t want to be-”
“Agree.” Steve says, biting back the anger, pushing back the rage that he can feel down to his
Tony.
There’s silence for a second, and Steve can feel every pounding beat of his heart. After a thousand years, Obadiah exhales, sliding his hands into his pockets.
“You know I will.”
“You-” His voice comes out low, wet with tears. He swallows, tries again. “You look like shit.”
for Steve. He’s dangerous, because powerful people are dangerous people, and Obadiah, no matter how much Tony hates him, is
The newest voice is layered with a quiet, subtle sort of amusement. Tony knows who it is before he even turns, but looks anyway.
Steve never fights back, never defends himself, just apologises again and again. The guilt doesn’t leave his eyes. He wonders if it ever will.
Now that he’s closer Steve can see the damage on his face in a lot more detail, and wishes- he doesn’t know what he wishes. That it hasn’t happened? Of course. That he had been there to stop it maybe, even though he still doesn’t know
It doesn’t matter, not now.
“Well Rogers, I didn’t know you had it in you. You were hiding a secret talent it seems.”
There’s a kid crying somewhere now, a kid in a Spiderman suit. He doesn't belong on a battlefield like this, no one so young should have to see it, see the pain and the death and the hero who’s finally fallen.
“They would probably cut me from the company, leak it to the press, and then the New York tabloids would come and camp out on my doorstep for the next year. Then they’ll drag you into it, and you’ll have no privacy for… a long time.”
“Yes.”
“You haven’t been answering my calls, I needed you in a meeting this morning.”
Steve had felt in him earlier. It’s gone in a second, his expression hardening again.
He can hear the frown in Steve’s voice. “What?”
“Your ‘uncle’ actually. Well he invited my father, and I was asked along too.”
He blinks, tuning back in, and realises with a sort of intense mortification that he’s been staring at Tony for a few seconds in silence.
There’s a heavy silence apart from the machines. He can feel himself drifting between a state of awake and asleep. The voice filters back to him, his brain taking a second to process the words.
He rolls his eyes, shoving his friend in the shoulder, and tries not to feel guilty about walking away from Steve.
“Breathe with me.” Steve says, voice breaking through the panic, and the pain, and
He reaches up, kissing Steve gently.
He can hear Rhodey’s smile. “Love you too. Knee Obie in the crotch for me.”
“Team? He makes it sound like some super secret boy band.”
When Tony’s hands move down to his waist, fingers trailing across his chest, Steve stills for a second.
Neither of them have their shirts on, but it hadn’t gone any further than that. He’s not sure if he’s relieved or not.
“I love you.” He says into the quiet, because Tony makes him brave, and Tony makes him smile, and Tony- “I’ve loved you for years.”
His thoughts are moving too fast, everything is racing. Stark Industries is his now, it’s his to do what he wants with. Obadiah will want the power. He always does. Howard- Howard he can think about later. Relief is the strongest right now. He doesn’t care. But Maria, mom,
(The same country is a little too close for comfort in Tony’s opinion. He doesn’t say that.)
“Right here baby. I'm so nearly there, just stay awake for me okay?”
Tony spins around fast, feeling too much like a kid just caught eating in class. The Captain is standing in the doorway, leaning against the frame . His face is carefully neutral, but his blue eyes are practically
He’s definitely listening now.
He drags himself out of the spiral, slamming down a lid on the things that he aches to say, the things that he only ever tells Rhodey.
“Baby,” Steve whispers, pulling away to look at him. There are tear tracks on his face, and Steve feels sick. “Not your fault, okay?”
“No rush to decide, but give me a call? Also do me a favour; don’t sell that to the paparazzi. There would be far too much paperwork, and I would much rather spend the time getting to know
“I’m not talking about him,” says Tony quietly, and his ice in his tone makes
Instead, he grabs Tiberius Stone by the arm and spends the night with him, and it’s just bruised lips and teeth and a roaring noise in his head, because anything is better than the numbness.
He doesn’t think he can take it from Steve though.
Tony knows Steve doesn’t believe him. He doesn’t believe himself either.
Once he’s changed, Tony makes his way into the kitchen. A minute later, Steve hands him a mug of coffee with a hesitant smile.
He doesn’t have the energy to move, not now. Tomorrow he’ll fix it; he’ll call Obie, call his father, lie through his teeth and swear he’s never even touched a guy.
“Yes.” he manages to get out, gritting his teeth against the next wave of pain.
“He’s most definitely not interested in a serious relationship. Getting involved with a billionaire isn’t really on my to-do list for the year. Neither is dating.”
He’s never thought of love as something soft, never thought he would be okay with being like this with someone else.
“Good. Tired. Didn’t pull any stitches, and it doesn’t hurt when I breathe anymore.”
They’re away from any crowds here, alone, and they’re so close. He wants to kiss him, because even though he’s scared, he knows that no one with a smile that honest will out him to the tabloids.
“Yeah.” It can't be helped. He has to go, but at least it’s just dinner.
But the patronising edge to Obadiah’s voice makes him want to break something.
“What the hell happened to
Steve looks vaguely uncomfortable, glancing at him through his lashes with those stupid blue eyes.
He feels fifteen again, trapped, claustrophobic, and scared. His thoughts feel jumbled, and everything feels wrong, heavy, terrifying.
“Steve?”
“I see. Then you won’t mind if I borrow Tony for a quick word?”
to have him in his life. So instead he reverts back to the method of getting people to back off he’s actually good at.
“I just don’t want you to get hurt.”
Steve is kissing him, kissing him like it’s the first time, kissing him like it’s the last.
Tony holds up a hand. “One more thing. I found some bank transactions earlier. He’s been making transfers to known terrorist groups, presumably the ones who were getting paid to kill me.” He frowns a little. “I cancelled the transactions, hacked his account and shut it down. He won’t be getting anything else from selling under the table, and neither will the people he’s been paying off.”
“Yep.”
Tony leans forward a little, and there’s no smile on his face.
“Most people I spend any sort of time with.”
He drinks it, and Obie gives him another.
“Drink some water, it’ll help.”
The last thing he hears is Tony saying his name over and over, and then everything goes dark.
“Because I’m an asshole Steve, hasn’t anyone told you that?”
“I thought… I just thought they would have stopped by now.” He hates how weak his voice sounds, he
The shaking hasn’t lessened. If anything, it’s getting worse. Tony’s hands curl into his shirt, gripping tight, tight enough to hurt. He doesn’t care.
“I didn’t mean any of it,” Tony says quickly, because if there is one fucking thing he can reassure Steve of, it’s this. “I swear to god Steve, I was talking out of my ass. It’s the only sort of talk they
Dum-e knocks against his leg, beeping quietly, and Tony gets a stupid,
here and let Tony blame himself for however many more hours.
would be more accurate. He has less than two seconds to rearrange his entire face into the right amount of recognition before she's next to them.
Steve shoves him lightly on the shoulder, and then Tony is laughing, and Steve is shaking his head with a smile on his face that he honestly would pay money to see every day.
“It’s my favourite jumper.”
One day, almost a week after Steve comes back, Rhodey is with Tony in the kitchen when Steve walks in from a morning run. Tony looks away from the clothes that cling to his body, very firmly avoiding his eyes. He feels Rhodey tense up next to him
“Take a seat.”
He’s never heard Steve this angry, never heard him shout like this. “Why the
They get inside, and Obie books him into the room. It’s next to his father’s
and he feels lighter than air.
Steve watches Tony pull the shattered pieces of his grief together in the space of seconds. He wonders if Tony
Tony shakes his head, closing his eyes for a split second and not giving him the answer that he already knows. “I-
“And then, I’m going to see what it’s like to do exactly what he’s been doing to me for the last ten years.”
Natasha clears her throat. “Are you two almost done?”
“I know, I’m not stupid. But why the rush?”
The fact that it sounds so much like Howard’s voice in his ear is what snaps him out of it eventually. Howard. Coming on Friday.
If his mother had been driving, and she was always so careful, then it meant that maybe it hadn’t been an accident.
Natasha laughs, waving at Clint as he leaves, and he blows her a kiss as he saunters out of the door, the shit eating grin never dropping from his face.
“Hi.” He keeps his voice steady, fingers tapping out a beat on his thigh. He hasn’t spoken to Steve for two days, has wanted to a million times, but hasn’t. Because Steve is undoubtedly angry, and Tony… he can give him the space. He
“If you did… if you did, I wouldn’t blame you.”
For a second, Tony just stares at him, eyes a little wide. Steve realises he doesn’t know what he’s thinking, doesn’t know what he’s going to do. The thought scares him a little, but he doesn’t move, doesn’t let his hands drop.
Tony shrugs, faking the ‘
Tony turns around, and Steve watches a thousand emotions run across his face before he clearly decides to settle on neutral as he picks up the coffee.
Tony grins, raising his eyebrows, eyes lighting up.
Steve manages to get Tony into the apartment and then into his room. By this point, he’s barely conscious, eyes too dark, too unfocused. Steve is terrified, more scared than he’s been in a while because he’s heard too many horror stories of things like this and
Obadiah takes another step towards him and he doesn’t move. His heart is beating so fast, it’s a wonder no one else can hear it.
Steve blinks hard, everything that had happened over the last two days finally catching up to him, leaving him drained, exhausted. His arms tighten around Tony and he brings his hand up, gently running it through Tony’s hair.
He laughs quietly. “What’s the point of having all this money if I can’t spend it on someone I’m interested in?”
Forgiveness comes slowly, but it does come.
There’s silence for a second, and then Obadiah slowly looks up.
“Like I said, I like to spend the money I have.”
Steve Rogers has never really understood the concept of a soulmate.
“Don’t be dramatic. I put his number on it. It’s your choice whether to text him or not.” She frowns slightly. “Also don’t sell it to the paparazzi.”
He doesn’t think he’s ever hated himself more in his life.
Tony smiles, and it’s gentle, the amusement a little faded now, but the softness is still there.
gentle. His eyes look really goddamn blue in the light.
Steve keeps his voice soft, gentle, because the last thing he wants to do right now is scare him.
He shifts slightly, blinking, and reaches up, touching his cheek. His fingers come away wet with tears, like he’d been crying in his sleep. But why-
He can’t have this conversation right now, he
He moved into an apartment in Brooklyn the next day. Pepper helped to set it up for him.
. “I was going to suggest we watch a movie, that’s all.”
His friend murmurs something he can’t really hear, reassurances that slowly, gradually, bring down his panic.
“My best friend. He’s in the Air Force.”
He makes a noise that just about passes for an answer, taking a drink of coffee and feeling the pounding in his head ease significantly.
He rubs soothing circles on Tony’s back as he slips, all of his weight crumpling onto Steve.
Tony slowly puts down the coffee, staring at the water again and trying to slow down the frantic pace his heart has just set in his chest.
, who blackmailed Tony, threatened him, made him uncomfortable, controlled everything he could, pushed him into what ultimately resulted in him nearly having his worst nightmare repeated, and finally, tried to have him killed for nothing more than personal gain.
He catches Tony reaching for the fork, but then seemingly change his mind half way there and move his hand back to its original place. A second later, his fingers start tapping out a beat on the table cloth, and Steve realises that his hands are constantly in motion, constantly doing something. It's ridiculously captivating, and he knows that if Nat was here, she would be laughing at him. Somehow, he can't bring himself to care.
“What?”
Three hours later, a car pulls up by the lake. He doesn’t turn around, but knows who it is once they sit down next to him.
advanced. Especially as he’s always had problems with keeping his mouth shut around everyone other than his father. “No.” He finishes, anger coiling in his stomach, making him feel sick. It’s a game with Obie, always a power play. “Apologies.”
let himself give in to this, because
“Yeah.” Steve’s smile is soft, teasing. “Oh.”
“Okay then.” Happy doesn’t believe him, he never does. And Tony isn’t even a bad liar. “Call if you need anything.”
He says sharply, because he can’t deal with Steve’s pity. He
Something flashes across Obadiah’s face and he takes a step backwards. Steve doesn’t move, not letting himself relax, hardly daring to breathe. Tony is still in front of him, unmovable.
Rhodey’s face softens, because he knows
“I know.” Steve says quietly, watching him. “It’s going to be okay.”
“Make sure it doesn’t interfere with your work.”
thank you for reading this far, i hope this last one does them justice
His breath leaves him in a gasp, and he nods before realising his best friend can’t see him. He can’t breathe, he can’t
he’s being ripped apart but Steve is
“Does that not bother you? Or do you not
“Tony?” He says quietly after a while, fingers playing with a strand of his hair.
“Thanks,” he mutters under his breath, grabbing a glass and filling it up with water, and giving Nat the middle finger as he catches her laughing.
Tony just stares at him as Steve reaches out, brushing his thumb along the curve of his cheekbone.
Fury turns to him, inclining his head in a gesture that clearly says
He knows what comes next, especially if Steve has spent more than two minutes on his stupid fucking Wikipedia page.
[6] Please sweetheart
“Steve Rogers, correct? I’m so glad you’re going to make a speedy recovery. Awful, the amount of muggings that happen around this time of year, don’t you think?”
He shouts, and his voice breaks, and now he’s crying too, tears mixing with the rain on his face. He can taste salt. “You fucking do from them Steve!”
He definitely doesn’t go around giving random baristas his personal phone number. Random male baristas. And if one wrong person finds out, then Howard finds out, and then… well he knows what’s next.
Rhodey, right, the one in the Air Force.
Ty shrugs, eyes glittering with humour. He has a bedroom smile. Tony hates it, hates that he used to like it before he knew the monster behind it.
here,” says Rhodey quietly, and even though Tony knows he would never say anything to Obadiah’s face, the look in his eyes says enough.
“Tony?”
He shakes Steve’s (
Rhodey takes a step closer to him, and Tony sees Steve’s shoulders tense, like he’s bracing for impact. He supposes that he is, in a way.
But it doesn’t matter now, because what does matter is waffles, and eating breakfast, and trying to get free coffee off Nat.
That’s surprise he can see in Steve's eyes, and he reaches up, kissing him once, twice.
“Fine. Anything else?”
of, whether she’s playing a role or not.
Obie leads him out of the main room and into a quiet hallway. Tony leans against the wall and folds his arms, waiting for him to speak.
“Mom.” Tony whispers against his shoulder, and his heart is breaking because no one should have to do this and it’s Tony and-
“I’m just… I’m worried.”
A jar catches his gaze, focus shifting as he moves closer. A small plaque gives the name of the piece.
Tony looks at him, really looks at him, and for a second, words don’t come.
He’s so
“Tony.” Steve says again. Softly. Carefully. Like Tony is about to break. Maybe he is, he doesn’t know anymore. “It’s okay if you’re not, you know that right?”
“Hi. I’m-”
“Call me Tony, please. And the same as yesterday, sweetheart, plus a cappuccino for my friend outside, and an extra espresso shot.”
Something in Fury’s gaze softens a bit.
But he did this,
Rhodey stretches. “I’ll get you the warrant. I’m owed about a thousand favours by the NYPD, so I’m sure we can work something out.”
“So I was wondering if I could run an idea past you?”
“Have any of you ever heard of an organisation named Hydra?”
His eyes open, and when Tony turns towards him, Steve sees a second of something terrified in his eyes before it vanishes. In the dim lighting of the room, Tony reminds him of some sort of fallen prince, messy curls, unreadable eyes and a shadow that seems to have etched itself into every pane of his face. For the first time in a while, he gets the urge to freeze time just so he can draw the scene before him.
“I have to go away this weekend.”
is just a tiny bit of an inconvenience, rather than the thing that has guest starred in his nightmares for three years.
Seconds after it stops, the phone rings again.
Tony shakes his head, and he knows that there are no masks up now, nothing hiding what he’s feeling. For the first time, that doesn’t scare him.
The phone rings, and Steve is jolted back to reality.
“Did you punch him?” Tony asks hopefully, and Rhodey just gives him a
Slowly, it gets easier. In. Out. His heart is racing, too fast, too loud. Breathe.
He had laughed, told her to not be dramatic, because he was careful, and anyway, it’s just one boy.
The panic has long since faded, and he wonders when Steve became someone who could make that happen. He isn’t sure. It feels like a lifetime ago that they met in the coffee shop, but it’s been less than a week. A week, and so much has changed. A week doesn’t feel like enough time, but he feels like he’s known Steve forever.
did you do to him?” He's never heard his own voice this angry, has never
the waffles. Or maybe that’s just how hungry he is. He waves at Nat as Tony pushes open the door, offering her a hesitant smile. For a second, there’s no sound in the room, and then Nat is walking towards them, holding out her hand. Tony shakes it and Steve sees something in him relax, most likely out of relief.
If Howard ever finds out-
“Tony, I’m serious. He-”
“I know baby.” He whispers, carding a hand through Tony’s hair and letting him break, letting him give into the endless ocean of grief and loss, hand rubbing circles on his back. “I’m so sorry.”
“Thanks again.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice is quiet, soft. Tony matches his pitch as he takes a drink of the coffee Steve had bought them both on the way.
“Tony! Long time no see sweetheart!”
Steve reaches up, tugging him into another kiss, and Tony pulls away for a second.
“You love me?”
Steve has hurt him, he's hurt him so much. But they've hurt each other, and Tony is tired of the anger, the resentment. It's corrosive, but he's done with letting it consume him.
Obadiah launches to his feet.
Rhodey steps in before Tony can open his mouth and say something dumb. He’s glad their friendship keeps evolving as they learn from past mistakes.
right now, because why is it suddenly the world's fucking greatest shock that Tony Stark can appreciate a piece of art.
“Tony,” Obadiah says with a smirk, stepping into the hall. “You know your father doesn’t like you and Maria saying things he can’t understand.”
The smell of Obadiah’s cologne worms his way up his nose, and his stomach lurches
Obie raises his eyebrows, and Tony fights not to take a step backwards as he stands up, coming round the side of the desk to stand in front of it. He’s not scared of Obadiah, he’s
He remembers the conversation they’d had in the cafe earlier today. It feels like a lifetime ago.
His phone rings, and he laughs slightly, pulling it out of his pocket.
“So,” he says quietly, reaching up to brush a strand of Steve’s hair away from his face. “Dinner.”
Tony doesn’t answer, just taking another sip of his drink. The mix of adrenaline and panic is making his head spin, and everything feels blurry, almost muted.
Now he’s at his apartment again, and it’s silent. Colder than Steve’s room. Dum-e is on the charging port, switched off.
“You didn’t know, no one really did.”
“Is that my jumper?”
Plus, what if Tony doesn’t actually want to see him? What if he’s changed his mind now? Everything swirls around his head, almost faster than he can keep up, and he decides to move before he does something stupid like throw his phone out of the window.
“You have it covered here?”
She gives him a look that has his mouth snapping closed instantly, because shouting at Natasha hasn’t historically been good for anyone's health. He doubts even
“Still no. There’s something missing, not sure what. I keep messing it up.”
Rhodey has gone so very tense, and Tony’s hand closes around his arm, forcing him to stay sitting. He doesn’t need Rhodey fighting his battles, he never has.
He has a missed call from Rhodey. His friend knows, knows everything. Tony can’t talk to him now, because if he does, he might shatter.
.” He sounds pissed, but not angry. “Listen to me. I need you to stay away from Obie. Yeah, I know what I sounds like, but I’m looking into something- yeah of course it’s dangerous. Just stay away from him if you can, and clear my schedule for the next two days. Then stay put. I need you to hold down the fort for the next few hours.” A beat. “Just try Pep. Thanks, I have to go. Bye.”
“You know, teaching doesn’t really fulfill your whole… skill set, does it?”
“Actually, no.”
“Are you okay?”
Tony-
It’s Steve’s turn to laugh, but once the words sink in, the humour fades quickly. Fifteen, and board meetings and hangovers had already been a part of his life.
“When?”
He can’t talk to her, just like he can’t tell anyone other than Rhodey. That’s mostly because he’s incapable of lying to Rhodey, and his friend has seen him bad and helped him through it far too many times to count. So no, he can’t lie to Rhodey, but he can lie to Pepper, or at least withhold the truth until she inevitably figures it out on her own.
“I’m fine,” Tony says, and it’s a lie, of course it is, but he doesn’t care because at this point, it’s all okay, and Steve is
Aside from Peter, Nat and Obadiah, no one has called him Tony in a while. But, the Captain knowing his first name doesn’t mean he knows the truth about his last.
“Obie. I won’t say it’s a pleasure.”
“No.”
“You’re being selfish.”
Anything. Anything to get him
He looks away, going back to the bathroom.
“Tony?”
“You could’ve. I just- ever since I walked into your life, everything has gone wrong.
“Please?”
“Tony?”
“I love it,” Tony says with a quiet laugh, glancing around the room. “It’s personal.” There’s a pause, and Steve can see him looking around, taking it all in.
“Why are you sorry?” He says again, anything to get the image of his lips out of his head.
“You’re sixteen years old.
Natasha is trying desperately to hold back a smirk.
“That’s usually the reason, yes.”
Every part of Tony turns to ice.
bad time to give Tony the upper hand in anything, but the image is there now.
.” Tony says quietly, squashing the fear. He knows that Fury knows, that she knows. But no one else does, and Tony would like to keep it that way
“Yes sir,” he says quietly, because Obie knows Steve’s name, knows what he means to Tony, and doesn’t make empty threats.
“I know you always told me to be happy,” he continues, fingers brushing the faded name etched into the stone, “and I’m trying. I am, I promise.”
one here.”
He’s not going to lie, not going to hide that he’s missed him a lot. Too much.
Tony’s eyes are frantic with panic, wide with a helpless fear that Steve knows too well. It’s a fear that he would be able to recognise from anywhere, even half conscious like this.
Somehow, he manages to get to his room, collapsing onto the bed. The jumper smells like Steve and he’s blinking tears away and
“I wanted to hate you.” He says quietly. “I tried. I tried for so long to hate you. God knows Pepper certainly wanted me to. But I couldn't. I can’t.”
“Um.”
Tony grins. “I’m Tony Stark. It wasn’t hard.”
Steve swallows hard, letting his hands drop. Too late now. The song comes to a close, and for a long moment, there’s only silence.
He wonders if anyone else notices the faint smell of the ocean that follows next, quickly blown away on a gentle breeze.
The cold air helps him to relax instantly, soothing the building headache. Howard, Obadiah, Ty- when one backs off, another is there to haunt him. He still has vague memories of the previous night, vague memories of everything spinning and Ty's hands just-
[5] I love you
She just smiles, and it’s a sad one, but it’s there.
He doesn’t want to leave, doesn’t want to go back to his apartment. He wants to stay and talk to Tony forever. Conversation comes easily, as long as they avoid Tony’s parents, and work, which isn’t hard to do.
“Send me the address.”
Which is bad, bad in so many ways.
“Rushman.” Natasha says with a smile. “Natalie Rushman. I’m one of Tony’s colleagues.”
A minute later their drinks arrive, and Obadiah clinks the glasses together. Tony takes a drink, and it burns a little.
“Tony wait-”
“I don’t know. Never been interested enough.”
“Tony.” He says, and it doesn’t sound worried anymore, just low, soothing, calm. “Are you sure you want to go after him for this? I’m not saying I don’t believe you, but is it worth it?”
“I don’t
“Not what I meant.” He says with a half smile, bringing Steve’s hand up to his mouth pressing a kiss to his fingers. “I’m just not used to all of this.”
“Sorry.”
A child. He’d been a child, and then she’d died, and he’d grown up so fucking fast and it still hurts the same amount, even so many years later.
Tony is already moving, making his way over to the laptop on the other side of the room and bringing it over.
His parents are coming at 3pm.
He feels Steve’s fingers on his chin, gently forcing Tony to look at him.
"I don’t have an
“You did
“I'm glad.” He says, and it's a breath of air, so quiet that Tony barely catches it. Maybe it’s the cold and the light snow that’s started.
Honestly, it’s been a while since he’s been on a date that
Tony hums, lifting his head to nod. “How come you have all the comfy jumpers?”
“Hi-”
“The second one.”
When Tony speaks again, his voice is softer, less defensive, and he reaches for Steve’s hand. Steve feels a tiny tremble run through Tony’s fingers as he takes his hand, but it vanishes almost instantly. He’s trying not to push, he is, but it scares him when Tony closes off like this.
He grits his teeth, not answering, because arguing with Obie about this will do nothing.
Steve snaps out of his own thoughts,
They’ve been spending most days together, even if it’s just for a few hours. Tony continues to go to the cafe for his coffee, and he’s heard nothing more from Obadiah about it. Dinner, movies, just spending time together. They haven’t had sex, and it’s a mix of Steve wanting to wait, and him wanting to wait, and the fact that Tony has only just gotten organised and hired someone yesterday to sweep his entire apartment for hidden cameras.
Ty shrugs, leaning a little closer, and Tony instantly shifts backwards.
Tony laughs loudly, and the tour guide glares at them both. His jaw clicks shut, and Rhodey looks like he’s barely keeping it together.  Five minutes late, their guide calls a lunch break, and there’s a scramble for the doors.
Tony is soft even though he’s iron man, because the suit is the mask, but the man underneath… Steve is terrified of breaking him, even though he would die before he hurts him. He’s never been this close to anyone and felt like he does now. But he would throw away anything,
he wants to.
She rolls her eyes, hopping off the counter and winking at him.
you. You froze as soon as he walked in, and then acted like you didn’t know me. Why?”
Tony smiles humourlessly. “Nope. I just need an hour, an actual police warrant, and a car.”
Romanoff?” He whisper shouts, unwilling to attract too much attention. “Why the hell couldn't you have just
He needs to talk to him, needs to be reminded. His hands are trembling as he hits the call button, closing his eyes as he ducks into a side street and presses the phone so hard against his ear that it’s almost painful. The phone rings.
Tony nods, lips tugging into a smile. “I know. Just… I don’t know. Be careful, humour me.”
Steve laughs a bit, lacing their fingers together. “Don’t join his boy band without me.”
“You’ve been avoiding me,” Ty says, and Obie’s voice rings through his head.
“He’s not an asshole, he’s just got a lot to deal with.”
me, you know I’d pay your college fees.”
to hurt you. I just don’t want you to get your life ruined, and I don’t want to have to deal with all of that other shit right now, because that’s not something I’m ready to do.”
Steve just gives his friend a look that he thinks really gets across how unimpressed he is, despite the fact that he’s laughing. Nat (unsurprisingly) breaks first.
“Cap?”
He remembers the man who had walked into the coffee shop, had made Tony look so uncomfortable, had looked at Steve with such empty, emotionless eyes.
“See you tomorrow,” Tony says again, and Steve manages a smile, despite the sinking feeling that he’s still missing something. He hands Tony the take out cup of coffee with a half smile.
“Still. It was a dick thing to do. So I made up for it by having a few words with the asshole at the party.”
“Why?”
“Yeah?”
Tony is still looking at him with that expression, like this… this conversation, this
“Do you have a name?” Steve’s voice comes out slightly harsher than he intended it to, but in his defence, he is definitely too hung-over to be dealing with someone with a smile this arrogant.
and he's so calm and controlled and- "Just
that it’s a shame we couldn’t finish it off this time. I’m patient though. Oh, and my father won’t be taking that business deal after all.”
“It’s fine.” He says, because it
The Captain is standing in the doorway.
“Do I need to put it anywhere in particular?”
Tony won’t pretend it doesn’t make him nervous, but he’s always been good at hiding things like this.
“What’s the matter sweetheart? Afraid of anyone seeing?”
They look at such a huge range of work, and Tony, someone who prides himself on not being easily surprised, is ridiculously impressed by the amount of talent.
“That
“Nothing to concern you Stark. I need an answer from you both about this mission, yes or no, and I need it now.”
coffee?”
coming out, because hiding such an important part of himself has never been an option for Steve.
“Steve darling, the true light of my life. I know you said
“Can’t-”
Steve feels his heart in his throat, and all he can do is nod, closing his eyes and pulling him close.
“What are you doing here?”
Tony Stark is soft. He’s soft but solid, a constant, so quiet and gentle in his arms.
There’s silence, and Tony realises he’s drumming out a beat on the tabletop. He stops. Starts again. Forces his hands to still. It’s a nervous habit that he picked up in college, and he still can’t seem to shake it.
“After everything that happened with your father, you need to sort yourself out.”
“Evidence of illegal dealings with terrorists, attempted kidnapping, manufacturing of some very unauthorised and illegal weapons, attempting to take a company that doesn’t belong to you by force, attempted murder, organiser and accomplice to the murder of Howard and Maria Stark, and accomplice to the physical assault of Steve Rogers, only a couple of days ago.” Tony smiles, and it’s a terrifying thing. “Did I miss anything?”
Steve can feel none of that content joy now. There’s a numbness in his bones, a dull aching agony that is sweeping over him. It’s almost gentle, how much it hurts, like the pain is attempting an apology as it rips him apart.
Nat shoots Tony a questioning look, as if she thinks he knows anything about this entire situation. He just shrugs in return, bringing his attention back to Fury who’s talking again.
He fights the urge to blush, because Tony really
He looks in the mirror once and is retching again, body aching, head pounding.
Silence stretches between them, and Tony is surprised no one else can hear his heart racing.
He shoves his hands into his pocket, stepping neatly out from under Obie’s arm, and smiling. Steve wouldn’t believe the smile, nor would Rhodey.
Steve rolls his eyes and grabs Tony’s hand, entwining their fingers.
If Rhodey was here, he would be able to help him down from this. It’s a detached sort of panic, he’s not even sure he’s
that for a second it takes Steve’s breath away.
“Thank you again for dinner.”
They’re lying on the sofa, and for all his teasing about Steve actually having to
“You didn’t?”
“Don’t you dare finish that sentence. You were literally perfect. In every way. So don’t think anything else.”
Steve. Killing his parents. He knows it, can
Steve’s breath caught in his chest long ago, but as he looks down at Tony now, he can’t seem to look away again.
Distantly, Steve hears Tony swearing, and a second later, his boyfriend comes bolting down the stairs.
It’s steel in Tony’s voice now. It’s a tone that’s taken down billionaires, the same ice that he used on the nurse before. The same one he used on Steve that one time in the cafe, so long ago. He’s too tired to fight with Tony like this, doesn’t
He’s said too much but he’s- god he’s so mad that Steve won’t just
When Steve had told him that he was displaying art… he hadn’t expected this.
The Captain’s palm comes down, slamming into the table in front of them. Tony jumps a little, Natasha doesn’t flinch.
When he hears more movement behind him, the warning bells go off.
“Don’t. I need- I don’t know. Just… don’t. Please.”
“He's not involved in this Obie, you know it.”
The Avengers sounds like a death sentence anyway.
A second later, Steve sees the walls going up, all those invisible defences sliding into place. When Tony meets his gaze again, he knows the smile the billionaire gives him isn’t real, because his eyes are so, so empty.
“It’s fine sweetheart. I didn’t expect you to.”
“Why are you here Obie?”
“You must hate me,” Tony says, and it’s barely a whisper against Steve’s skin.
urge to cry. He’s a mess, a fucking mess of too many emotions, which just proves the point that he shouldn’t be
. He didn’t think about the other person in the house, didn’t
It’s a lie, and Fury knows it, Tony knows it, and Nat knows it. Tony Carbonell doesn’t do tech, not at this level. Tony Stark… Tony Stark has made billions from it.
“I’m not going anywhere.” Steve murmurs, pulling Tony’s head into his lap and making himself comfortable. He brushes a hand through Tony’s hair, wiping gently at the tearstains that are traced into his skin.
Tony looks in a suit this tailored. But most of him is nervous, so nervous.
Steve blushes again, throwing a pillow at his head. Tony dodges with a laugh, and Steve smiles too, shaking his head because Tony’s laugh will never
Tony shrugs, gently tugging his hands away and twisting them together. He’s nervous, Steve realises, and it’s that knowledge that makes him smile as Tony nods, flicking his eyes up to meet Steve’s.
“You think Howard Stark would have seen the assault before the gay? All that would matter to him would be that it’s a guy, rather than what he actually did.”
Steve smiles despite himself. “I swear I’m not that interesting.”
Not now, not because of this.
“So sweetheart, you’re new here?”
Did he know? Yes, because it was pretty obvious from how he felt this morning, and Ty wasn’t subtle.
Steve runs his hands through his hair, feeling the phone in his pocket like a weight.
He sees the look in her eyes as she recognises Obadiah, but it’s quickly covered by the smile she gives him.
“I-” Steve swallows, and he sees the bob of his throat in his peripheral. “I hurt you. I betrayed you in the worst way.”
Steve chokes on an incredulous laugh, allowing himself to be pulled out of Tony’s apartment. He’d arrived to pick him up at 11:15 and it's now 11:35.
Steve shakes his head, tipping Tony’s face up to meet his gaze. And what Tony sees in his eyes takes his breath away. “I’ve been in love with you for weeks. Probably a little bit since the first time I saw you.”
So obviously, Howard had told him. And now, even though it’s his father's fists that are bruised today, it’s somehow Tony’s fault.
“I mean.” he says, trying to save at least some sort of dignity. Tony is so collected, so smooth, so good at everything he does, so perfect when it comes to persuasion, conversation, making Steve fall more in love every time he sees him. “I mean earlier, you said
Something flickers on Tony’s face as she cuts him off, a fraction of the immeasurable grief and
“I’m Rhodey. James Rhodes. Tony’s friend. He gave me your number s couple of weeks ago just to be on the safe side.”
“I- sorry,
“Rhodey called me last night.” Steve avoids his gaze slightly, looking at the tiles. “He asked me to pick you up because he was worried after leaving. Me and Nat came to get you, found you in the hall with-”
“Yeah,” he says, tipping back the glass, barely feeling the burn of the alcohol. He doesn’t look at Steve. He’s not sure he wants to see the look on his face. “Busy with work.”
It’s his mother, of fucking
“I know. I know love. I’m only one minute away.”
“Tony!” He shouts, and for a second Steve hears something desperate, something human in his voice. “You need me!”
make everything feel lighter and softer.
His friend looks up from the pile of papers he seems to have merged his soul with. An essay, due in a few days, and there’s so many notes on the table it’s making Steve’s head hurt.
Sobs wrack Tony’s body, tears coming faster, and Steve no longer knows what to
. If he falls, he’s going to keep falling until he hits the ground and shatters.
caused it.
The cold remains.
Steve thinks, but he doesn’t say it. How can he? Tony is 18 now, and perfectly capable of looking out for himself.
He smiles past it, grabbing his coat, ignoring the slight tremble that runs through his hands.
Pushing.
He gives Steve a half smile.
everything hurts, and he was so fucking stupid to think that he could be selfish with Steve, that he could have one thing to himself.
It’s a constant amidst the chaos that they’re made of.
“It’s too easy with you Tony. You play your cards too soon.”
“Because of
By the end of the day, his nerves have reached breaking point, and a headache is building behind his eyes. He doesn’t bother letting Obie know he’s left, he’s probably been watching him all day anyway.
“Of course I am sweetheart. Surprised?”
It makes Tony feel small as he stands, wrapped in Steve’s arms. For the first time, nothing else matters except for this. Steve is warm, the rain is cold.
He closes his eyes, giving himself three seconds to pull it together. Get through the day, then call Rhodey, then go and get a drink.
His thoughts drift back to Steve, predictably. Tony usually makes a point of never going to the same coffee shop twice, because god knows New York has enough of them for a lifetime. It also decreases the chances of him being recognised, because dealing with the vultures that write for the tabloids isn’t his preferred way of spending his morning. Happy agrees, which is why the rule works. He’s been here for a month, and that’s the only time he’s gone somewhere twice.
He forces himself to snap out of it. “Nothing in particular sir. It just looked cool.”
It’s a need to know basis, his friendship with Obie. He wants to keep it like that. After everything that’s happened… he wants to keep it like that.
job Steve. I can’t just stay in your bed for the whole day.”
With Pepper, it’s a little less violent, but a lot more dramatic. She ignores Steve for a week, and then shouts at him for an hour when she accidentally bumps into him in the kitchen, her voice echoing through the tower.
She just shrugs, tone faintly mocking as she speaks again. “You’re a genius
He has just finished the first mug when his phone rings. He ignores it, because if Obie wants to fucking shout at him again, he can drag his ass all the way over here to do it.
The look of confusion of Obadiah’s face is fucking
“Nope. You can have insanely good sex, but only when you’re healed.”
Tony ignores the fact that he can feel the Captain’s eyes burning into the back of his head.
Steve’s eyes are locked with his and Tony can see that he’s crying and can see the guilt in his eyes, but they’re both still fucking shouting and Tony feels like the worst person alive but he just wants him to understand-
He sucks in a breath, and when he speaks again, his voice is more steady than it was before.
He pulls him closer, hands coming up to cup his face, and he just touches him because he can, dragging a thumb along the curve of his cheekbones, memorising every line of his face with his fingers, and then with his lips.
with him, his head shifting to rest against Steve’s chest.
He can’t. He
doesn’t have the energy for this.
“Not here.” He doesn’t know if Obie has bugged the place. Probably.
He wishes she was here, the stupid urge of a
Tony shrugs, suddenly feeling like the room is a little too small. “A jacket maybe, pocket or lining. I would avoid putting it near your phone, better not to mess with the signal.”
“There aren’t any problems with it?”
“Oh?” Tony says, and he only half cares. He left that world for a reason, the world of weapons and destruction.
“I went to a board meeting in jeans and a sweatshirt, because I had one of the worst hangovers of my life.”
It’s a test, it has to be. If Tony walks in there and knows Steve, acts like he likes him, any lingering doubt Obadiah has will be wiped away.
“He has it coming.”
He hears his mother agree, gripping his hand before releasing it.
He looks around 18, only two years younger than Steve himself, and
“What-” he swallows, taking another sip of water and pushing himself into a sitting position so that he can turn to look at Steve. Everything
going to fuck this up somehow, he
are the emotions that Steve’s been seeing flickering behind the ten foot high walls in his eyes, now raging across his face.
The last few nights before the storm, he thinks somewhat bitterly, and he hates this. He hates that thinking of Howard provokes this response from him. He hates that it ruins everything. He hates him, he
him.”
He wishes he could have told his mother, wishes she could’ve known more about him, wishes he’d had the courage to tell her the truth about himself.
“What the
He’s not- he’s not really sure what to say to that, not sure how to react to the knowledge that SHIELD’s most skilled agent is
“Excuse me?” He says softly, and Tony’s heart jumps into his throat. He won’t do it though, won’t go
“What exactly is going on?”
“I’m not
Steve is blushing again, and Tony brushes a thumb over his cheek. His eyes are so fucking bright and
An hour later, there’s another goddamn knock at the door, and Steve doesn’t even let Tony move before he’s lunging out of his seat to open it.
“Just- Rhodey
“Well. I think we’ve got enough evidence to sufficiently wreck him.”
Steve. Saying his name, saying it out here by the still water... It makes his heart stumble in his chest for a second. Steve's next words are so quiet.
He can’t breathe. He can’t
“That would- yeah. Thank you.”
“Jesus.” He mutters under his breath. “Okay Fury, start talking. What the hell is going on here?”
By that time, it’s too late.
He’s encased in what looks like a metal suit. It’s beautiful; a work of art in itself, and it immediately makes a little part of Tony want to build one. Armour, he realises. It’s armour. It’s in black and white, but his face is in colour. His eyes look… they look happy. He looks happy, even though he’s not smiling.
He can’t, he can’t fucking tell him this because-
When they reach the restaurant, Tony smiles slightly, because it’s another Italian place, and he’s pretty sure it’s one his mother picked. That’s at least one comfort for the evening.
company… it’s not the most forward thinking.”
Also, warnings for past mentions of dubious consent and assault. It's barely there but it's still sort of in it so just be careful xxx
He forces his eyes back to Steve’s face, and it looks like his brain is struggling to catch up with what Tony is saying, body still half asleep.
Tony’s blushing like he’s fucking fifteen years old again, but couldn’t care less.
Surprise. That’s surprise he can see on Tony’s face, and something else, something almost resigned.
Steve turns back to the other two, crossing his arms.
Needless to say, the smile is a little strained.
Another text comes through.
Steve blinks at him, the haze of sleep finally clearing all the way as he stands up, shrugging the sheets off him.
Tony shakes his head, a smile tugging at his lips. “I would never.”
He smiles, a real one, and hugs her as tight as he can, because he has Pepper, and he has Rhodey, and they have donuts and coffee. They’re alive, he's alive.
“You can keep the jumper.”
“I’m with you.” Tony says, voice curling around the words as he smiles, and it’s not a camera smile, it’s not a flirting smile, it’s a real one. It’s honest. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
When they get to the hotel, it’s too easy to get inside. Natasha goes right up to the front desk and smiles at the man there. Steve has always marvelled at her ability to produce a fake smile this realistic. He wonders how she’s so good at it.
“Can you tell me what hurts?”
“Of course it fucking bothers me! But that’s how the world works!” Tony shouts, and his voice is bitter, awful. He’s awful, he’s shouting at Steve because he’s
“Pep. Book the hotel, okay? Send me the details later.” He hangs up, and thinks about when Pepper’s icy exterior had melted with him. They had met when he had first ended up in college three years ago, and he had employed her as soon as he had graduated. The ice hadn’t lasted long, and she quickly became one of the most important people in his life next to Rhodey.
a little better.” He gives him a once over, and if Steve didn’t hate the expression so much, he would describe it as pretty close to the feeling of having his clothes stripped away.
After a few seconds of silence, she breezes straight past him, folder in one hand, and somehow managing to balance two coffees in the other. She hands one to Steve without a word, putting the other on the table for Tony.
Ever.
Steve is blushing, that much he can see despite the lighting. He gets an almost uncontrollable urge to kiss him. But not here, not with so many eyes on him, not with the bartender who he’s 99% sure is still watching them, meaning that Obie is watching them, meaning that kissing Steve-
“Tony, I’m
“Okay. Lead the way.” He doesn’t bother paying for the drinks. If Obie is spying on him, he can pay for them himself.
“Stop staring,” he says with without turning around, smile tugging at his lips.
“Do you have any reason to believe it’s still happening?”
“What’s going on?” He says again, softly.
Tony gives him a little shove towards the door, laughing a little as Steve glares at him.
Steve raises his eyebrows, taking the phone out of his pocket and turning it over in his hands.
“It’s my fault that he came after you.”
you if I could prevent it, damn the consequences.”
Rhodey looks between them again before sighing. A minute later he’s gone, and Tony turns back to Fury. He's scrambling a little, trying to put up the layer of arrogant confidence that he usually wears around school like a second skin. But the don't care attitude is evading him for some reason today, and it's making him feel jumpy, on edge. It's like Fury can see behind it all and see
If he had to guess what Steve is currently thinking, he would say it’s something along the lines of
Tony doesn’t answer, not sure if he can find the words. He feels familiar hands brush over his neck as Steve shifts their positions, tipping his face upwards and gently forcing Tony to meet his gaze.
It’s not as bad as when he walked in here with Obadiah all those weeks ago, but it’s not good either. He glances over his shoulder, shooting a look at Nat, and she takes the hint, saying something about checking products in the storage section as she leaves.
Tony laughs, and it makes Steve smile because it sounds happy.
“In my defence, I did think he looked familiar.”
“I love you.”
“Yeah, Obie is my... uncle, I guess you could say. Not biologically, but he’s my father’s best friend, and he treats me like a nephew. He wasn’t happy about having to explain to a board of directors why fifteen year old me looked like I had crawled out of hell.”
“You know,” she repeats, and her voice is steadier than his hands are right now.
And that’s not even the fucking worst part because if he ever found out, Howard would-
He blinks back a sudden sting of tears, because Jesus, he doesn’t need to cry about it, but this song, and the fact that Tony is so close but so far-
“He’s already a part of this Tony, that’s no longer negotiable.”
And then suddenly, all Steve can think about is the story his mom had read to him about mythology so many years ago. It had been somewhere in a bedtime story, a random book of Greek mythology with a single purpose to get children to relax. It was essentially Plato but simplified. He doesn’t know why this memory is coming back to him
In the week that had followed the death of his parents, Tony had been next to a stranger, pulling away from everyone a little bit, even Steve.
And then as he turns over to the last page, everything else falls away.
The drive to the cafe is made in silence, and Tony forces his hands to remain still, not looking at Obie. Every turn of the car makes his stomach lurch, and he closes his eyes. There’s something that he can only describe as white noise in his head, and he hates it.
When he wakes up, he guesses it’s been a few hours by the difference in light. He can hear Tony moving around in the kitchen, and smiles involuntarily, because it’s Tony.
Nat inclines her head with a grin, and Steve knows it was the right thing to do, bringing Tony here, however much he's getting ganged up against right now.
“You're sure?” Fury says, and there’s a glitter of amusement in his eye, like he knows something Tony doesn’t. “Because your brain seems to be a little more complex than
A knock on the door, and he takes a deep breath, releasing it slowly before going to let them in.
Tony looks at him, eyes softening for a second, and tugs him down for a kiss. Steve relaxes against his lips, closing his eyes. When Tony pulls away, there’s a slightly sad smile on his face.
He sighs heavily, pushing himself into a sitting position and leaning down to pull Tony into a kiss.
“I never wanted to hurt you. I never
“Yes.” There’s a beat, and then he feels fingers brushing stray curls away from his face. “Do you?”
“I’m not going to just get him arrested.”
“Hey,” Steve says softly, brushing some hair out of his face. “It’s okay. We’re going to work this out, and I’m here.”
“I like him. But I don’t want him to think I’m going just because he’s rich.”
He feels his heart in his stomach, but none of it shows on his face.
. You’ve got twenty seconds.”
“You nearly
He sucks in a breath, biting back a sob, latching onto the sound of Steve’s voice like an anchor, clinging on as the storm rages around him.
“Yes.”
Steve opens his eyes, and Tony wonders if the blue of them will always be this startlingly beautiful, if they’ll ever make his breath stop a little less.
“Shut up.” Tony mutters, tugging Rhodey closer to an empty patch of grass at the back of the group and sitting down. He can
If he wasn’t before, Steve is definitely blushing now.
Dimly, he realises that despite Ty, despite being drugged, despite everything tonight, Tony hadn’t once refused to let Steve touch him.
Quiet.
“Yeah,” Tony says, and then moves to hug him, burying his face in his shirt. Steve hugs back, being careful of the bruising. He thinks he hears Tony breathe in sharply as he shifts, but then again, maybe he’s being paranoid.
He hangs up before he can ask his friend to stay.
Quiet. Away from Ty and Obie and Howard everyone else.
Another smile, and Tony is beginning to wonder if Nick Fury actually has a soul. He’s not a betting man, but he would put money on him being a robot. Or maybe an alien.
“That does make more sense. How are we even going to find space?”
Steve blinks at him, and that’s confusion on his face now.
It’s only because of the noise in the room that Tony is able to shake his head. No one is looking, no one is listening.
He watches as Tony takes the USB without another word, plugging it into his computer. The tiny blue light blinks on, and Steve leans over his shoulder, watching the screen. The first thing up are what looks like missile plans, scrolling across the computer screen almost too fast to see. He hears Tony inhale sharply next to him, and seconds later, realises why. Photos. Photos of these missiles with groups of men that Steve has only seen on the news as America’s most wanted.
The surprise is gone, the steadiness remains in his gaze.
where you two went.”
he’s missed this. It feels safe.
“I told you,” he says, “It's nearly perfect. I’ll stop soon, promise.
Their food comes soon after, and Tony really wants to drop the teaching thing before-
Steve kisses Tony again, hands tangling in his hair. Then he closes his eyes, and lets the rest of the world fall away.
He nods slowly, leaning into Steve’s touch for a second, before pulling himself away.
“Sorry sir, Tony was just caught up looking at the artwork.”
“He’s told you about Ty, right?”
“Oh indeed.” There’s a beat. “Are you going to?”
He doesn’t try and stop the tears this time, and neither of them mention them. He feels like something in his chest is breaking, cracking wide open. There’s no defence to this, nothing he can do to stop it. He doesn’t know why it
The second thing he notices is that he’s in a bed, and he has no idea how he got there.
His chest is heaving, and he bites back a sob, clenching his eyes shut as it tears out of him
Tony narrows his eyes, assessing him with the intense gaze of a businessman. Steve resists the urge to fidget.
Steve nods, not trusting himself to speak as Tony’s hand finds his waist, accidentally brushing over a bit of exposed skin. He doesn’t think he could form a sentence now, even if he wanted to. All he can feel is Tony. Tony’s hand on his waist, Tony’s fingers touching his, Tony’s eyes glittering with a secret amusement, like he knows something Steve doesn’t.
“Then that’s okay too.” Steve’s lips curve into a quiet smile. “More than okay. I just want you to be able to talk to me, and realise that I’m not going anywhere.”
For a long second, no one speaks, and then Pepper comes over with drinks, handing them glasses.
“Tony?”
“Yeah,” he murmurs, kissing down his neck. “That’s a good plan.”
“You’re hungry.” It’s not a question. Steve’s stomach speaks for itself.
Before either of them can react, he steps inside, and Tony shifts backwards so that he’s standing next to Steve. Obadiah nods towards them and steps closer. He’s too close now, right up in Steve’s space, but he refuses to move backwards, refuses to yield a step.
Maria, the one who had been the softness to Howard’s harshness, who had stepped between them too many times to count, who had sat with him through the night, taken him to the hospital, covered for him, protected him, loved him.
Tony has always been good at catching him off guard.
“No one else
grateful.
At some point, the tears leave, and the flash of longing that always accompanies Steve Roger’s touch fades. The numb feeling returns.
He tries to put Tony Stark out of his mind. He doesn’t want to date, especially not this year when he’s only just passing his classes apart from art, and even the art doesn’t seem quite right at the moment, despite the goddamn
to me about this shit, all of it, and be careful, and don’t put yourself into situations where you’re vulnerable like that!”
“Tony, are you listening? Or is your brain doing the thing where it panics instead of being logical."
“Bye Pep.”
“You’re not.”
“Are you even
Happy laughs, and Tony manages a smile. He hired him two years ago, the one thing he’d had a choice on when it came to staff. Obie says he likes to pick people he trusts, but really that’s just another way of saying he likes to pick spies.
not to spend twenty minutes getting ready!” Steve says, exasperation warring with fondness. “I literally remember the conversation. So can we hurry. Up. Please
“Your face-”
And then Tony catches his eye, gaze filled with nothing but love, and the memories slam into him with the force of a hurricane.
“Steve Rogers?”
Obadiah just rolls his eyes.
because he’s still wearing Steve’s hoodie and he feels so damn safe right now.
Tony shakes his head, everything aching, everything tired. He’s so goddamn tired.
He’s out of the bed before he has time to think, biting back a curse as he shoves open the door, nearly colliding with his boyfriend.
“What are you doing here?”
“That wasn’t a request boy. You’ll need to be close.”
“Always am,” he says with a humourless smile, and Rhodey stands, giving him one more glance before leaving. He sees his friend take his phone out of his pocket and dial a number as he leaves. Tony puts it out of his mind
Tony knocks once on the door, pushes it open, and strolls inside.
It’s fucking freezing, and Happy has the heating on full blast.
“If you don’t believe me Steve, that’s really not my problem.”
“Don’t interrupt me.” His father says, and his voice is silky smooth. “I didn’t ask for an explanation.”
He feels the moment it clicks in Steve’s head, sees the emotions cross his face at the speed of light. Annoyance, confusion, shock, and a tiny bit of fear. Steve’s grip tightens, just a little.
It’s a lie. It’s a stupid fucking lie because yeah he’s an asshole but he didn’t want to be one to Steve, never to Steve.
“Jesus,” Steve says quietly, closing his eyes for a second. “What did he say?”
what’s about to come out of his mouth, the judgement flickering in his eyes.
Tony feels his heart shudder to a halt in his chest, as Obie claps him on the shoulder. He’s too close, and every inch of Tony wants to take a step backwards, to
“I didn’t call you.”
Obadiah doesn’t move to take the folder, so Tony opens it himself onto the first page, flipping it over so Obie can read it.
He can feel his heart thundering in his chest, and dimly recognises this as panic, as a goddamn
Tony could get used to waking up like this.
“This is Tony Stark.”
“I should probably get going.” Steve says softly, but still making no effort to move.
Tony is staring at him, and the dim lights of the kitchen are reflecting in his eyes, turning them to molten gold, bringing out the colours that Steve could spend hours looking at, spend hours painting.
“Is everything okay?” Steve says quietly, and Tony doesn’t answer. His eyes are still shut tight, hands curled into fists around the sheets on the bed.
Tony smirks, throwing it at him before sitting down on the bed. “It looks it. Pretty sure Rhodey has the same one.”
Tony doesn’t get out of bed for the rest of the day.
“I love you.” Tony murmurs against his shirt, hands pressing against his back like he’s afraid Steve is about to break. “I really fucking love you.”
It’s Tony’s turn to blink, frowning slightly.
Fury smiles, and it’s really not a reassuring one. “I’m sending you on a mission. You’ll find the rest out in due course, we’re just waiting for the last person to start.”
… It has never been anything his brain has really been able to comprehend.
“Fine.” Fury says after the pause, and there’s no warmth in his voice. “You will receive a copy of it later tonight. I’ll brief you both now, the rest of the information you can get from the files.”
how much I end up ruined to get it!”
to fight with him at all. He releases a breath, blowing out the air slowly.
“Sure.” Tony says, flashing a smirk at the waitress. She blushes, and he feels a flash of nausea. It’s harder around Obadiah, to remember why he stepped back from that life and everything that came with it. It’s not him, it never has been, despite the rumours and stories that had circulated around him like vultures for years.
“I hate you both.” He says, but he’s smiling as he speaks, shaking his head. “I can’t believe you’re opening late just to make fun of me.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry to bother you this late but the tech I gave to you earlier, I was wondering if you’ve had a chance to look at it?”
“Okay,” he says, releasing a breath. If it’s a breakup line, he deserves it. “I’ll be there in half an hour.”
He runs a hand through his hair, trying to slow his heart rate down to a normal I’m-not-interested-in-Tony-Stark rate. He can’t believe he’s having this conversation with Nat, while working, after serving Tony Stark coffee, the same person who just handed over his personal phone number.
Someone’s sitting next to him now, he can feel a tight but not too tight grip on his hand. There’s a shaky laugh, the coldness gone from his voice. Maybe he’s crying, but Steve can’t hold onto anything for long enough to open his eyes and see.
Steve just stares at him, eyes wide, heart pounding in his chest, and Tony seems to take his silence for a no because he starts talking again.
Ty is talking, he’s not sure what’s going on anymore. Everything is loud, blurry, spinning. It’s like he’s drunk too much except he hasn’t. He hasn’t drunk that much, he-
Tony shrugs, pulling out his phone and tapping a few buttons on it. A second later, the doors open, and the room is filled with people in black tuxedos. Steve is
“To summarise. He wanted to sell weapons under the table to terrorists, knew I wouldn't agree. I was meant to be in that car, but I was here with Steve. So he killed my parents as a plan B, and organised with these same terrorists to kidnap me and kill me, keeping me out of the picture so that he would be able to take over Stark Industries. Did I miss anything?”
“You’ve been crawling into bed with a
The waitress is nice. Obadiah tips her for the drinks with a look that lingers far too long, and Tony looks away, resisting the urge to tap out a rhythm on the table.
Steve raises his eyebrows, letting him go and grabbing two mugs, making some coffee. They have ten minutes until it opens.
“Hey, we were just having some fun away from the party.”
Tony braces his hands on the table in front of him, palms flattening, trying to ignore the nerves jumping to life in his stomach. “So you’re saying that I was actually the
with you, and it’s not a goddamn
“Yeah, he’s my father. Doesn’t mean he’d give a shit. Oh, and Obie knows too.”
He always does.
“On what in particular.” Tony says, tilting his head to one side and keeping his expression carefully blank, controlled. He doesn’t bother to hide the annoyance though, not even a little bit. “He likes to push on everything.”
There’s a bruise blooming across his face, a mess of purple and blue, but it’s not too swollen, which
Sam raises his eyebrows, waving a couple of other staff members over, and Steve realises that it’s time for his break. He leads the way into the back room, and Nat grabs another glass of water.
Tony kicks Peter under the table, hard, and the teen shuts up, not before flashing another one of his shit eating grins.
hitting you and Ty tried to- That’s not just
“Va tutto bene?” [1] His mother says softly as they walk outside, and he nods with a smile, something in his chest aching. He misses her when she’s not here, he misses her a lot.
“Well intel suggests otherwise.” Fury snaps, and Tony, jolting back to the present, wonders if the director has always been this bad at keeping his annoyance in check. Unlike Tony, who learnt how to keep everything off his face more than fifteen years ago. Steve sucks in a breath, and Tony watches him relax back into the seat.
“Tony. I was beginning to think you’d never get back.”
“I’m in a bit of a rush sweetheart.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
Alcohol doesn’t make your eyes look like that.
would be a little generous.
red right now.
to his apartment.
“Why are you so scared of him?”
“Hey!”
“Screw the stitches.” Steve says, voice low, and he hears Tony’s breath hitch slightly, but he pulls away again anyway.
“When you’re healed up, maybe we can explore that a little bit more hm?”
“It’ll have to wait Obie. I’m busy right now.”
“As soon as he got into bed with you, he was involved. This is the price you have to pay for that.”
Steve seems to think that changing the subject is a good idea, and Tony agrees, because it’s much less likely that he’ll end up saying something that he’ll regret. So instead, he flashes a smile at Steve that he
He doesn’t know how to live in a world without Iron man.
Tony stands smoothly; handing his drink to Rhodey with a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes.
Instead, he goes into the kitchen, and starts to make a pot of coffee. He wants to call Steve, he wants to explain-
it is, and he listens to her talk at him in Italian for a minute before cutting her off. She’s talking about Christmas, about him coming to Malibu for the week and that is enough to make him swallow down bile.
Steve nods like it’s what he had expected to hear, and Tony’s stomach clenches again.
anger.
“Steve, hey!”
He takes a step forward, forcing Obadiah to move backwards. “You need to go.”
He jolts out of his own thoughts as the first person pushes open the door, and despite the dull throb in his head (less now that the aspirin has kicked in), settles into an easy rhythm. Despite all her teasing, an hour into his shift, Nat places a glass of water next to him with a sympathetic smile.
. He lets himself melt into it, because this is what it’s supposed to feel like, and his heart is pounding loud enough that he’s sure Steve can hear it.
that it’s true.
for her to know.
“You already know.”
“You know that’s happening whether I make it to this store alive or not.”
“Thank god.”
“Are you sneaking out?”
“No,” says Tony quietly. “It’s beautiful. It’s- its fucking beautiful Steve.”
A few seconds later, he feels warm hands curving over his face, tilting his chin up and gently forcing their eyes to meet. Steve's cheeks are flushed, eyes so fucking
anger.
He knows people can’t read his expression, but he won’t risk it, not with Steve.
rude. Funny how that works, isn’t it?”
it. He won’t for himself, not with anything, not even when it comes to his father. But for Steve? “
Tony turns to him, eyebrows raised, but Steve sees that Tony knows what he’s about to say before the words leave his mouth.
“Yeah. Obie said my- said Maria had been driving. She was the most careful person driving. Never drank, never went over the limit. It’s not icy yet. So-”
Tony rolls his eyes, resisting the urge to laugh. How the mighty have fallen. There are moments when he regrets being anonymous when it came to creating Stark Industries, but then he remembers all the reasons behind the decision.
for the majority of my life.” Tony snaps, some of his steady composure faltering for a second. “And you did nothing.”
This is Steve. He can tell him anything.
The Captain sits on Peter’s discarded seat, and it only takes Tony about thirty seconds to realise he’s so goddamn hyper aware of Steve’s gaze on him as he works. So it doesn’t come as a surprise when, a minute later, he hears rather than sees the shifting of a seat. Another beat and Steve is right behind him, watching over his shoulder as he takes the tracker apart, replaces the model of the computer inside it, and then puts it all back together.
Steve pushes himself up into a sitting position, and Tony is
“Just because you’re older, doesn’t make the situation any better. It won’t just disappear because you graduated.”
When Steve pushes open the cafe door, he’s twenty minutes late for work, and he’s met with Nat, Sam and Clint leaning against the counter. They all have crossed arms, are all clearly trying not to laugh.
Tony hisses out a breath, knowing that the kid isn’t about to let it go. “Fine. Fury called me, he needs to debrief me about something. Well actually, Natasha called me, and then interrupted my lunch. Anyway, there’s a mission that apparently they need me for. And no, I can’t tell you anything, mostly because I don’t
“I’ll do it.” He says, meeting Fury’s eyes with a steady gaze. “But I want transparency. Full transparency.”
, just under the surface, but he’s ready for it now. He shoves it deeper. Breathe. Later, he can deal with it later. It won’t help now, even if all he wants to do is let go, give in, and let the storm drown him for a while.
he is.”
“Tony, it’s okay, it’s just a couple of bruises. I’m fine.”
Tony, and it shakes on the last word.
“Hey,” Tony says, and not for the first time, Steve can’t stop a smile appearing on his face. He swears it’s an uncontrollable instinct, especially when Tony smiles back, and it’s a mix between something almost deadly, but unbelievably beautiful.
“Tony.” He says, kissing him, desperate to wipe away the confusion. “I love you. More than anything. I really want this. Plus, I literally spend most of my time at your place anyway, so it kind of isn’t a massive change.”
She shakes her head with a sigh, kissing him on the cheek before going to her room. Just before she goes in, she turns back to him, switching to English.
“You- you’re what?”
him again.
He hangs up. Finishes his coffee. Waits.
He doesn’t say anything, doesn’t meet his eyes.
Tony laughs, and there’s something so honest about his laugh, it’s refreshing. Steve feels his own smile widening, and there’s a part of him that wants to make him laugh again.
for his ass, it’s rare enough to make him smile.
“We’ll work it out.” Steve says. “Okay? It’ll be fine.”
“Then,” Steve says, brushing a thumb over his knuckles. Everything about him is calm, gentle, “explain it to me.”
“Tony Stark.”
“Right. I guess I’m staying here?”
He lifts his chin, walking over to the front. There’s no queue, so he’s got five seconds to figure out how to do this, how to say
Steve shakes his head, face feeling hot.
The art is incredible. Steve patiently explains who everyone showcasing it is, and tells Tony that it’s all run by a local charity that encourages young artists who want to get their work seen. Tony makes a mental note to donate a hell of a lot of money to the charity when he gets home.
When Steve smiles at him, he wants to freeze time, just for a few hours.
He tenses as Tony takes the first steps, leading him into the dance.
“You need to go.” He says as soon as he’s within earshot, and watches the surprise flicker to life on Rhodey's face.
But what happens when the worst parts of the world come with dating Howard Stark’s son? Can he still be selfish?
“Thanks for not being weird about… any of that.”
“I’m only saying this because I’m trying to help,” he says quietly, and Tony looks up at the words. He sees surprise flare in his eyes for a second, and wonders why Tony, after almost two months, is still surprised when people show they care.
This- he’s so frustrated he could break something. He’d been so damn happy because of everything, because of Tony, and now only because he refuses to open up-
“I broke into his office.” Pepper repeats, calm tone never faltering.
by Frank Sinatra. He wonders if it’s a mistake that Tony is playing his favourite song. Probably. Maybe it’s nothing.
He was 13 when he discovered that the real monsters aren’t the ones from the stories, but the businessmen in suits and expensive cologne. He won’t forget it.
But despite everything, he’s not sure he knows how to do that anymore, not sure he can let himself.
It’s Tony, or at least… a version of him.
Tony doesn't allow more than a second of silence before he answers. If he controls the conversation, maybe he can avoid the other questions.
Tony raises his eyebrows, and Peter catches his eye with a
And yet again, the words won’t come.
Steve grabs his arm as he turns away, and Tony guesses it’s to stop him, to just get him to just wait for a second, but all Tony can think about is Howard grabbing his arm less than three days ago, and his head empties of anything other than panic.
“Yeah I know baby, let’s just get you inside, okay? Do you know what you took?”
He doesn’t say anything, just tugging Tony gently towards the elevator. As he glances back, he sees Natasha smile, and sees Ty’s face go white.
“I’m here.” He whispers. “I’m right here.”
He releases a breath slowly, some of the raging panic dimming slightly.
“You alright?”
“What are you doing here?”
right now. But art is something he loves, and he’s not going to fail at something he put half his life’s savings into.
An almost inhuman cry of grief is wrenched out of Tony as the walls shatter, and it sends goosebumps crawling over Steve’s skin. It’s a sound of pure distress, and his grip tightens. Steve feels hot tears hit his neck, and once one falls, they just keep coming as cry after cry is ripped from Tony. He’s murmuring one word against his skin over and over, and each time is like a knife in Steve’s heart.
“I really have to go.”
It makes his chest ache with longing, to see Tony like this. He looks relaxed, happy, his curls that are usually so perfectly gelled still messy from sleep. Steve forces himself to focus.
“I don’t need your protection!”
“Hey,” Steve says softly, kissing him. “Hi.”
Steve just gives him a look, and Tony rolls his eyes.
He doesn’t wait to hear her answer, turning to the woman who’s now waiting for someone, and trying to reassure himself that Tony will be fine.
“I’m sorry for hurting you.” He says quietly, because that’s the only thing he is sorry for, and right now, it feels like the only thing that really matters.
Maybe a conversation for another day.
“What interested you about the piece?” Fury says calmly.
That’s what Rhodey had told him anyway. When he had moved back from MIT after the summer, he had first moved into his parent’s house in New York.
A woman’s voice filters through the phone, and it’s familiar enough that he has to bite down on the urge to smile.
Tony leans back against the wall, tugging Steve into place next to him. “I don’t mind. You pick?” He glances at his laptop. “No offence sweetheart, but that computer looks a little dead.”
right now.” The man hisses, and Steve shakes his head.
“You ever finish that art crap you were working on?”
Her touch hurts, even though it’s gentle. There are definitely going to be bruises tomorrow.
“I know. I know you don’t want that, which is why I’m not going to. But you need to let me take care of you, and you need to let yourself relax, and you need to
“That’s not my problem, is it?”
“That’s a lot of coffee,” he says under his breath, beginning to make it. Tony shrugs, smirk widening.
“Do you?” Says Rhodey, voice hard. “Because your apology was an absolute pile of
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve feels his breath hitch, and tries to ignore the fact that Tony is holding his hand. Tony, who he’s been achingly, desperately in love with for the best part of two years. Tony, who’s only ever taken women to bed, who he doesn’t think has ever been interested in men. Tony, who’s his friend and nothing more. Tony, who has no clue how Steve feels about him.
It takes fifteen minutes for Ty to appear again, which is slower than expected but a lot faster than he would like. He slides into the vacant seat next to him, and he’s just a little too close for comfort.
“Sure Tony,” Steve says gently, and something tense in his chest uncoils. “But if Clint wakes us both up at three in the morning, you’re not allowed to complain.”
Howard’s face is so unreadable, always has been.
Tony kisses him.
There’s a flicker of a smile on the Captain’s usually impassive face, and it’s a secretive amusement, like he knows something Tony doesn’t.
bit nervous.
(of course he does) but it’s more important that Tony isn’t in trouble over it and- Steve searches his eyes, searches his expression, and sees the unspoken words written on every line of his face.
“Thank you.” He says, a tiny bite to the words as he leans back in his seat.
“New development.” Is the only thing he can think of saying, before Fury nods.
“Dating, like…” Steve searches his eyes, but they’re unreadable again. “Like boyfriends?”
“He looked a little nervous at the end there.”
Ty laughs, and the sound makes Tony’s skin crawl.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Remind me why you like this place?” That’s Obie, his voice low and mocking. For a second, Tony’s anger is stronger than any other emotion, but he doesn’t speak. “You need to change up your coffee shops apparently.”
Tony pulls away, and there’s a flicker of betrayal in his eyes before his expression smooths over again. His face is carefully blank, and in the end, that is the thing that tells Steve just how much he’s hurting.
(He doesn’t think so, and Pepper agrees. She said as much when they drank too much at a college party once.)
“That’s okay, just… call if you need anything, okay?”
He blinks again, pulling away slightly, focusing in on Steve’s face.
Tony sleeps more easily than he has in months.
And then it’s December 16th, a year after Steve came back, and for the first time in longer than he can remember, Tony feels lighter when he wakes up. He feels happier than he has in a while. But maybe happy is the wrong word. Maybe the right word is peaceful, calm.
He smirks, leaning back in his chair. Flirting with Steve is easy, and it’s fun, even if it hurts.
He’s not making sense, he’s not even sure his thoughts are making sense anymore, because nothing makes sense and he’s so fucking
His heart rate seems to have doubled in the space of a second, but he’s had enough practice not letting it show on his face.
and he’s a fucking good person and-
“I’m fine.”
That gives him pause for a second, makes a break in the wall of ice that he has been busy constructing in his mind.
Fury’s voice is still that blank calm. “We have it on good authority that the second in command is currently residing at that base. No names are in that file. Captain Rogers will be receiving a digital copy of the updated version later today.”
“You’re overthinking, and worrying. I’m not breaking up with you, I’m not angry with you.” Steve’s voice is soft, and his hands are soft, and Tony is so fucking
He pokes him gently on the shoulder. “Fun fact. I can’t make decisions. You choose, genius.”
“I love you.” He says quietly, touch lingering on the headstone.
“I think he’s out having a drink.”
“For what, exactly?”
even though he knows that the November chill isn’t what the problem is. He feels sick, nausea rolling in his stomach, and he knows that today isn’t going to be a good day, he knows it’ll be worse than it’s been so far.
It’s Rhodey’s turn to turn and give him a look of mock exasperation . “He started talking about how the ancient Egyptian’s used the bathroom. I decided to cut my losses.”
“Let’s get started.”
He knows what will probably happen if he goes back in there, knows exactly what Obadiah means by
“He comes in here often?”
The company can shove it, just for today.
is to grab Steve and run and not stop running until there’s nothing else to hide from. What he
Tony clears his throat. “No, there are no problems. The computer core is a little out of date, I’ve upgraded it to the newest version. Peter is working on an alternate tracking model which is a lot more specific and also reads vitals, but that won’t be done for a couple more days.” He turns around, flashing Steve the kind of smile he enjoys giving to Obadiah, just to piss him off. “But this one is good to go.”
Five years ago, the Captain and Bucky Barnes had gone on the final mission to dismantle the terrorist organisation known as Hydra. Hydra fell, only the Captain returned. Tony had been under the impression that it was a forbidden subject to mention. Judging by the look on Fury’s face, the Captain isn’t one to bring it up much.
“I said no. I’m not going to go and
but supportive, and hasn’t left his side even once. The expression on Rhodey’s face makes him look away.
He nods, a blush spreading across his cheeks, and Tony gets the strangest urge to cry, because
It’s a sad one, but it’s there.
“Yeah.” Tony says, a slightly breathless laugh reaching Steve’s ears. “Yeah okay. Okay. Here goes.” There’s silence for a second, and Steve can see Tony’s other hand tapping out a beat on his leg. “I was wondering, and you don’t have to give me an answer now, or even say yes, and it’s not going to change anything if you say no, but... I was wondering if you wanted to maybe, possibly consider entertaining the idea of maybe living with me.”
“What do you want?”
“Order me a drink?”
he is, how much she’s
He breaks off as Natasha Romanoff walks into the restaurant.
“Because of everything you’ve been drinking?”
Obie shrugs. “It’s not my problem what went on between the two of you. You’re lucky your father still knows nothing about it.”
“I love you too. Waffles are on me.”
“I told you, it was dum-e. Promise.”
kill my parents.” A beat, and Tony blinks hard, running his free hand through his hair. “He killed my mom Steve.” He says softly, and Steve’s chest aches. “He killed her.”
“One more step,” she says, voice deadly quiet, “and I’m going to snap your arm in half.”
“It is fun, I swear. Now pick a film.”
Tony knows how he moves, knows what it looks like before he hits, knows how his father thinks. But when Howard’s fist connects with his face, he doesn’t dodge, doesn’t move because what the
When Steve looks at him again, Tony is smiling like he’s never going to stop, and Steve would do anything, give anything, to see that smile every day, the smile that looks like it’s been lit by the fucking sun.
“I shouldn’t have- I’m sorry, forget I said anything, honestly it’s fine I’m just being-”
When they get to his apartment, Steve gets out of the car first, and Nat grabs his arm as she follows, dropping her voice to just above a whisper.
. Teenagers. Why did he think working with teenagers would be a good idea.
“Anyway.” Natasha says quickly, shattering the tension before it can build anymore. “They're back, no point playing a blame game now. Focus is on how to stop them.”
“You know you love me really-”
He remembers a conversation he’d had with Pepper a few weeks ago. She’d told him to be careful, told him that it was dangerous to only have one thing that can make him fall in line.
okay.
Steve bites back the retort he so desperately wants to give, knowing that it won’t help in the slightest. He had been discharged from the hospital earlier in the morning, and Tony had been fussing over him since. It’s endearing, but also a pain in the ass.
He knows, he’s known since before he’d opened his eyes, known from the tightness in his chest.
“I don’t want to screw it up-”
Unfortunately, his luck isn’t good enough, and he leans over the counter with a smile that Steve is sure people would kill to have directed at them.
“You want to see if Nat and Sam will come out for drinks?” He turns the phone off, sliding it into his pocket. He needs a break from worrying about the billionaire’s son, and he needs a break from the apartment.
This man was so persistent.
“ Behave.” Nat chastised.
Grant shrugged. “ It concerned is a bit the other day.”
Tony chuckled, “ Got to let me take my pants off honey.”
“Well you’re not even second in command so you don’t have a right.” Another man said.
“ I think he was trying to stall at first to see how long my magic would last. He is quite intelligent.” Strange said as they made it back to the command center.
Steve made a face. “ Don’t call it that”
“ And are you married?”
“ I...i didn’t want you to leave.” Steve said softly.
“Nope, never. Not even with a ball gag.”
“ Do you mind not fucking off and getting out of there? It’s movie night and it’s kinda your turn to cook.” Tony turned and glared at Clint who was positioned on the balcony.
Tony’s eyes widened. ‘Holy fucking shit! What the hell did the man have between his legs!’
Nat looked at him. “ Did we miss anything?”
“ No way in hell Tony. If you want coffee you can walk to the kitchen.”
“ I don’t antagonize him, I’m just giving him an opinion of his fashion choices.”
“ Captain,  I didn’t know you could cook. This meat is truly amazing” Thor said.
Tony closed his eyes. This was not going to end well for him. He wanted to go back home.
“ Sam can help me.”
“ So just because he is Commander Hydra he doesn’t have to abide by the laws as the rest of us citizens? Is that what you are telling me? Because not too long ago surveillance   cameras caught him exiting a district attorney house, one of which who was reported to be beaten almost to death. So you are saying he can get away with this?”
“ Get back here you coward!” Howard yelled as he went after him.
Peter recognize that voice. He groaned.
“ So, I have to cut this session short because I actually was supposed to meet my mom today, but I would like you guys to work on some things before we meet again, if you guys want. Grant and Steve I want you two to come up with a date  night for Tony. You two are to work together on this. I also would like you guys to use reflective listening. People often focus on the point they want to get across and forget to listen to their partner. When you guys argue, because it’s going to happen and it’s fine it just a way of communicating, I want you to restate that your partner is stating and acknowledge them before making your point. This way you are listening to them, ok?”
What the hell?
“ Well if you stop being an idiot, then maybe I won’t punch you.”
“ You look good for your age old man.”
They worked in complete silence until Morgan decided to break it.
Sam rolled his eyes. “ Just ignore him.”
“ Will do Peter.”  Karen chirped.
“ so how did it go with Wade?” Bed asked.
Tony sighed and looked away.
The guy pushed a strand of hair behind his ear. “ You’re absolutely beautiful.” He leaned in closer as if he were going to kiss him. Peter turned his head away as he pushed him away.
The man named Bucky went to one of the girls in the line. “ How about this one? She has some nice tits by the looks of it. Do you mind dropping the dress sweetheart? See like I said a nice set of tits.”  The girl had dropped her dress to reveal to naked body as she gave the blonde a sultry look. And Tony got to admit she had a nice rack. Maybe under different circumstances he would have tried to woo her into bed.
Peter made a face.
“ And he speaks!” Clint said as he sat on armrest of Steve’s chair.
“ They definitely didn’t hold back. Steve threw me against a freaking wall. “ Natasha complained as she paced an ice pack on her shoulder.
He opened his mouth to retort when a melodic song drifted through the air. They neither turned and saw Winghead singing.
“ It’s delicious,” Tony was able to muster.
“Have you seen how many kids I have? I get plenty of action.”
“ As you wish,” Sam sighed.
Tony moaned softly as he left something go inside him. He felt it wiggle around and then thrust back and forth slowly.
Tony gave a small chuckle. “ Yeah, and he’s still an idiot.”
Eventually Steve told Tony to follow a servant back to his quarters. The servant opened the door before ushering him inside and closing it, leaving him alone. Well, mostly alone. There were two guards stationed outside that look as if they could easily manhandle him if they wanted to.
Tony gave him an assessing look, “ You sure? You don’t like have the need to like rule the world or anything?”
Steve moaned as he clawed at the shoulders above him trying to get some type of purchase. He adjusted his legs so he can better grip the waist that was over him.
“ No I’m not. That boy is nothing but trouble! I’ve heard about him during the galas. He sleeps around and just got kicked out of his last boarding school in France. I just didn’t know that he would be sent here. Let me call the bastard Osborn and tell him to make sure his son stays away from you.”
A ding quickly followed as Peter took the phone back.
“ Hey, honey, I didn’t forget about you. Want to play catch today? Grab me your ball and we’ll do that. “ He smiled and swam to his Little Rock island in the middle of the water where he kept all of the things Tony gave him.
“ Ok how about-“ Harry was interrupted  when Peter launched himself at Harry, tackle long him to the ground. What confused him the most though was how he as able to jump on him from that far away.
Tony undid the tie for his pants before pushing them down to his knees and getting into position. Steve lifted his shirt a bit to give his lower back a kiss. And just like the night before he inserted himself without preamble and began to thrust wildly. Tony felt himself being pushed forward and probably would have fallen forward if it weren’t for the strong hands holding him up by his shoulders.
“ I can’t catch anything or give anything.”
. He opened his eyes and closed his mouth as  noticed how furious Steve was
“ I’m not. Steve, I really don’t.” Tony leaned forward and placed a chaste kiss on Steve’s lips. He pulled back to assess his reaction. He just stared back at Tony in awe and placed a hand on his lips. Tony smirked.
A sharp cry from the hologram got there attention. The creature was curled up into a ball, his face in his hands and his shoulders shook from high pitches wails.
Steve gave him a sheepish look.
(See the end of the chapter for
He placed his hand in a gauntlet and took the elevator down to where he saw the stones being held from the security feed. There were only two Hydra guards. He could do this.
Hi! Another short update! I’m looking forward to hear your comment.
Steve began to walk away to the nearest gaming station with Tony yelling insults right behind him.
Tony squealed and showered Steve with praises.
“ Direct as always I see. I was just paying my respects to the new addition to the team.”
“ So good baby...love the way you feel...” Harry whispered against his lips. “ Don’t have much time... want to make you... feel so good..”
“ Why not? Maybe I can convince you two to let Dad and Rhodey  out early.”
“ Anyway, these lovely young ladies offered us some wine and little did we know they had spiked the bottle. Bucky here had taken what was supposed to be our equal share of alcohol and the glutton drank it all himself. The man got so disoriented that he had started to make out with a god damn donkey and had even fingered it!” Greg laughed.
Howard glared at him. “ Maybe because every time  you call me that, I can only think of that girl you were banging in my den and who was calling you daddy!”
“ So yeah. I’m here to give you some lube and give you a far warning to prepare with as many fingers as possible because I’ve seen him naked and he’s huge. Makes me a little jealous.”
Tony nestled himself in the V of Grants legs and began to give him the same service. He doesn’t last as long as Steve.
“ What the hell are you three doing here!” Iron man hissed.
Tony turned to him. “ He didn’t hurt you right Tony?” Steve was in front of him now, fingers flexing as if he wanted to reach out and touch him.
“ Do you have lube or something ? We are going to need that. And a condom. It can get a bit messy.”
“ And what makes you think I’ll say yes?”
They all smiled at Tony and gave him a small waved as they were introduced.
“-I know Clint is, but you are not deaf Bucky. I told you no already.”
“ Aren’t you all touchy feely today. I’m guessing last night was fun?”
Steve strifes over to Tony and picked him up bridal style before marching pit of the building.
Peter smiled. “ You do too.”
“ Exactly. I know I’m the cool parent. It will teach you not to go out with alphas like Wade, especially older ones.”
Steve chuckled. “ Yes I do.”
“ I sure as fuck do!” Tony exclaimed.
“ This fundraiser is for the children’s hospital in Brooklyn. Come on Buck, it’s for the local kids.” Steve said.
“ Jesús  we suck! How can we freaking lose to a guy like that?” Tony said, exasperated.
“ What? I’m just asking. He seems to care less about manners when it comes to food. I ain’t judging ya. I even got him some ravioli see?” Bucky’s pulled out a small container of said food and whistled to get Tony’s attention.
He heard a murmur if some of the girls in his class at how cute the boy was and who he was. Was he a celebrity? They acted as if he were one. But They weren’t wrong about one thing though: He was very good looking.
Tony looked up at him wide-eyed. “ Holy shit! Is that you?  Is that natural?”
“ Ok. We can go wherever you want.”
Huh. Maybe he should have asked in the first place.
Grant snapped his hips experimentally, earning a moan from Tony before slamming in harshly.
Steve smiled as he lightly flicked Tony’s nose. “ All of which is true.”
Tony looks down at Winghead, who was snuggled comfortably on his lap.
Steve nodded and cradled Tony In his lap. Tony bit his tongue as Nat lightly chucked.
“ But it’s not the same. I want to make sure you get the best clothing and we can stop by to get your friends. And that will take quite a bit of time. Ugh!”
“ Language!” Peter giggled.
Do this.”
“ Nmmm.....not.”  he mumbled happily. He jumped again and giggled.
“ Dunno. I just found out about this today.”
“ Do you have your medication list?”
“ I wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Tony snarked.
“ Tony are you alright?”
The doors opened and Tony sighed before walking in. He didn’t see any activity or hear anything. Then a head hopped out of the water. It was a man, a boy really, with solver hair breaking through the surface and looked over the railing. He chirped loudly and a second siren
“ I’m coming,” And Steve came with a yell second later. Steve pulled out and flopped beside Tony as Grant undid his cuffs and readjusted his body to were he was spooned by Grants larger body.
Steve cupped his cheek. “ I have to go Tony.”
Tony inserted a second finger and moaned when he rubbed against his prostate. Bucky nuzzled his cheek and began to leave kisses on his face.
“ yes.”
“ Well I know a way to definitely please his majesty without words.” Tony said in a sultry voice.
“ Well I guess we are going to having pizza,” Steve said, he voice painted with disappointment and he turned the TV on.
Tony sighed and threw himself across Steve’s lap.
Tony began to move faster and felt star explode before his eyes.
He smiled and walked to the other end of the bed.  he grabbed a elegant leg and kissed its ankle before pulling of the boot. He repeated the process to the other leg.
Steve just shrugged. “ I think we have to keep him here. Who knows what he will do when he is out there to get Tony’s attention. He is probably going to do something stupid. He did a lot of stupid shit to impress girls. I don’t see why it would change now even if he was turned to a Hydra assassin.”
“ Feels like a super soldier snapped it in half.”
“ No.  both normal kids and super powered kids go there. There are not many segregated schools.”
“ Wh...what happened?”
“ Just give me a chance ok? I like hanging out with you. We can go somewhere today. I’m pretty sure you will have fun.”
“ Umm... ok? I mean congrats?” Bucky said, a little unsure.
Bucky sighed. “ Whatever, I’ll go.” He grumbled.
Peter smiled and gave him a shy smile.
Tony sighed. “ Well to put it simply, these two bas-“
Tony took a bit out of the doughnut. At least it tasted normal in this wacky fucked up universe.
“ Honey this one is like super effective against super soldier serum. We tested it. Now come on, just....”
“ He doesn’t know.”
“ I guess so,” Bruce agreed and began to work.
When we got back we saw that. It turned out they had like a little agreement where they would...”
“ What? I’m just saying, I’m taking the first slot out of this shit hole. I deserve a break.”
“ Sweetheart, we were far from pressured,” Grant laughed as he kissed his shoulder.
Tony sighed as he felt his mom drape the shawl over his shoulders. His dad gave him a sad smile before kissing his forehead. They had lost. They had lost the war against the werewolves and now this was their punishment.  The Stark vampire kingdom had been at war with the Rogers werewolf pack for the past year and it had been brutal. However recently it took a spur turn when they had captured one of their biggest military camps.  The exact same camp where Rhodey and Pepper where stationed. He had cried when he heard it and his father had tried to comfort him, knowing it was a death sentence for his friends.
“ Prove it,” Wanda said as she narrowed her eyes at him.
Steve smiled and slightly cocked his head. “ You’re the smartest person I know. You will find a way. You will make it back to us. I believe in you.”
Both super soldiers closed their mouths after that, not wanting to see if Tony would really do that. Steve aligned himself with Tony’s hole and thrusted in. As per Tony’s instructions in set a fast pace, causing him to rub roughly on Grants groin.
“ Can I put it back in sweetheart? And you do want Bucky to suck on you?” Tony whined and nodded quickly. Bucky kisses his way down To Tony’s pelvis and have no preamble as he swallows him whole. Tony gave a wordless cry as he grabbed onto the back of Bucky’s head. Steve slid easily into Tony and tony whimpered as he tried to turn his head as far back as possible so he could kiss steve. Steve chuckled and began to kiss Tony’s check and nose, purposely avoiding his mouth. Tony whined again. Steve relented and finally kissed his mouth, earning a low moan.
“ ommf!” Rhodey grunted. Tony looked down and saw Bucky trying to wedge himself between Himself and Rhodey. And the other side he saw Steve and the baby come up on his other side before curling himself at Tony side.
The man gasped and gripped the sheets he was on. Steve looked at it in wonder. Can Tony look like this? Would he like something like that?
“ He sounds like he has been following Tony for a while and when Tony appeared out of the blue he probably thought that he was finally reciprocating his feelings even though that the man never met him before.” Sam said.
Tony popped it open and lathered his fingers with lube.
Steve sighed. “ Well there is cereal.”
Tony looked at the two idiots, still in shock.
Steve growled and pushed into Tony roughly. Tony mewled happily.
Tony glared at him. He really hated to be yelled at. He was not a child. “ You’re right. Because he was not a fucking prick like you.” Tony seethed and walked away. He was done with him. Fuck his plan in trying to seduce the fucking bastard in order to escape this place. He would find another way. He was Tony fucking Stark; he would always find a solution. He slammed the door behind him once he got to his room. He grabbed the pillow off his bed and screamed into it before throwing it against the wall.
“ I know, but it doesn’t suck any less.”
“ Peter, babe, it was never going to work out. You need to understand that. I have needs too...”
“ Welp, we just wanted to introduce him to our last wayward member, so... I guess we better go now. We do have s meeting and all...” Bucky said as he ushered Tony back into the elevator.
Steve glared.
“Hmmm.... sounds like a personally problem.”
“ So anyway, we were having fun with these lovely young ladies-“
“ That doesn’t make me feel any better. He’s a shit show of problems and he’s out of his fucking Mind and a mercenary.”
Short update. I’ve been busy with school but I wanted to write something. Please leave your comments:)
Tony smiled as he felt tears run down his face. “ It’s nice to see you too Fri, now let’s get out of here.”
“ Trust I know. I can see the wrinkles from here.”
“ You sure you want this?”
“ Well aren’t you a king? You can order Someone else to do it.” Tony commented.
Steve met the love of his life in a very unconventional way. Steve needed a...physical type of release every some after and Schmidt would always set him up with someone who had the clearance to do so after being thoroughly vetted. But that night was different.
He smiled cheerfully as he cut a piece of chicken and offered it to Tony. Tony glared at him as he ate it grudgingly. It wild toe the Avengers a bit to realize that Tony is missing but at least he could spend some time with his precious little one.
The guy chuckled. He kept his hands on Peters hips and moved with him.
“ Tell! Tell!” Pietro encouraged, a smile wide on his face.
“ I’m a villain. I could get caught.”
Tony sighed and looked back at the camera and Strange who was holding it.
Harry immediately regretted it. Peter looked down at him heartbroken and began to cry.
“ I am not playing. I have shit to do.”
He stopped in front of him and smiled. He Chirped happily and presented the baby to Tony. “ He’s nice.” Tony said awkwardly.
“ Stop you little brat!” Steve hissed. Tony stopped and glared at him.
Tony came with a loud cry and felt himself go limp. He lied there as Steve continued to fuck into him. It felt like hours later when Steve made a choked sound and Tony felt something hot and slick squirt into him.
“ It’s Peter Dad.”
“ Hold up. Why would he think that?”
He just needed Coulson to get here to fix this problem.
“ JARVIS! Call everyone. We need backup. And tell Bruce to grab the tranquilizer gun.”
“Do you remember how many kids we got? Of course it works for my wife.”
“ Me? I’m the friendliest person there is! Are you afraid of me?” He asked Tony.
Tony shook his head. “ Get out,” He said softly.
“ then make more.” The man said as he flopped on the couch beside the blonde.
“ Woah, woah, now. Don’t I get a say? I mean it’s me that’s going to have to do this?” Tony said, affronted.
“ I’m sixteen-“
“ You want to go get some hamburgers later at that place you like?”
“ Get dress. I’m taking out to eat. If you are not in the common room in fifteen minutes, I’m dragging you to that restaurant.”
“ Loki gets mad with me all the time, but he always allows me back into his bed when he has gotten over his anger.” Thor said
“ He has a heart condition my lord. He requires medicine everyday.”
“ Is there a yelp review for that?”
“ Do you think he tops?”
Steve nudged Grant. The man sighed and took out his notebook and pencil to write down the ideas their teammates were giving them. The fucking ridiculously things they were willing to do for Tony.
Tony looked up to see a brunette with shoulder length hair and a string jaw followed by a beautiful African American woman dressed a shimmery red dress that went mid thigh.
“ Damn, are you guys really doing that bad? You could have asked for help,” Bucky said.
“ Nice going Stark, you killed the fish.”
“ I can do it.”
Steve smiled. “ Yeah. And now their monsters who can’t even put their bowls in the sink.” He said as he motioned to  the bowl Pietro left on the table.
“No he isn’t. That whole scene was my idea. I wanted him to tie me up and I wanted him to film it so that we can have something to look at while I’m away with you guys on vacation He didn’t want to do it. The only reason why we did it was because I wanted to do it. He is not taking advantage of me. And if you can’t accept our relationship then I guess you can’t accept me.”
Peter couldn’t help but blush even more. No one other than Wade had openly flirted with him.
“ How do you fit this in your suit? Do you have to tuck it? It must be un-“ Tony was quickly undoing Steve’s pants, trying to take a peek at his erection.
“ I don’t. But he doesn’t really talk back and this is a new field of science really. No one has ever taken care of a mermaid or merman before.”
Steve shrugged and smiled. “ Well a genius like you probably were never good with sports so I thought maybe computer like games would be better.”
“ Fine,” Tony grounded out.
“ What do you want now? I already have Tony.” Steve snapped.
“ Yes very much so. And he seems to only be violent when he feels threatened. So that’s a bit of good news. And he seems to really like Tony. He’s Been singing like this ever since Tony left. Which makes it possible that his kind sings to relay feelings.”
Steve stood up. “ Sam is with Tony. He is a little anxious. Don’t worry I got it Buck.”
Steve gulped and patted Tony’s leafy ass check. “ Harder you Damn pussy.”Tony whined
“ Don’t give me that bull, I’m much nicer than you.”
“ Do you have any other ideas?”
Tony turned to Howard as he stroked Bucky’s hair. “ How did you know them?”
“ Does that sound like a fine plan?”
Tony raised himself to a sitting position, gingerly. He glared at them, causing them to whither under his gaze. This bullshit was going to stop now.
“ Well it’s pretty obvious that they have upsetted you. I don’t want them to hurt You Tony. You’ve been through more than enough pain in your life time.”
Tony scoffed.
Tony opened a bleary eye once he saw the familiar face, the events from yesterday came rushing back. He wanted to punch that face.
“ Right because if your whole sob story that you were some scrawny shrimp from Brooklyn. I’m pretty sure you had quite a few years were you were Mr. I’m-everyone’s-wet-dream.”
“ That is were you are wrong my friend,” Tony interjected, “ He does look familiar. They both do. Ever heard of Alice In Wonderland? This is Tweedle-Dee and his brother Tweedle-Dumb.”
“ I don’t need a condom,” Steve blurred out.
Sorry about the short update. Wanted to get something in before Christmas. Looking forward to your comments:)
“ That feel good?”  Steve’s jaw went slack as if he were going to answer but instead he only released a soft moan
“ Well I gotta say I’ll give that a 10/10.”
Tony looked up at in briefly and turned his attention back to his paperwork.
They all nodded and walked back to their room with much to think about .
Tony felt a hand trail up and down his back sensually.
San was about to answer when the blonde man came barreling in front of him. “ It sounded like Tony was having a panic attack, is he alright?”
Bruce scrunched his eyebrows, but obeyed anyway. “Why?” He whispered.
“ Well you have to wear something. You are half naked.”
“ Yeah...yeah they are. Bucky, the Winter Solider, he...he lynched black people... burned down a church once that was predominately African American. He kidnapped me. I’ve been here for three years now. He has some strange notion or fantasy that we are in a relationship. And I have a feeling Steve thinks the same. That’s Commander Hydra.”
Grant shrugged. “ Things change. So is this a private party” Grant motioned to them with his hand.
“ He started it!”
Peter just nodded. He wasn’t too surprised.
“ Stevie, he won’t be staying long. He has to go to a briefing.” Bucky interjected.
“ You are a fucking ass, and you know it! Have you ever wondered why no one wants to be in a relationship with you!” Tony snarled as they were both now so close Tony could count the white hairs speckled through Strange’s hair.
“ You are obnoxious.”
“ Would you not call me that,” Steve snapped.
“ Nothing I swear! I only wanted to do some team bonding activities with Tony!”
“ This Little whore-“
Tony hummed as he caresses the expanse of skin in front of him.
Thor chuckled . “ How about you two are coming back from a war and Tony is your wife missing her two warriors?”
“Dunno. Never been on a date.”
“ I...I don’t understand. Is it something I did? Did you feel weird that you really weren’t my son? Because I don’t care where you came from. I really don’t. Because you’ll always be my little bambino.”
“Precisely,” Strange replied.
The this he would give to send him packing right now.
“ Guys we really aren’t sleeping together, why would you think that? And you are making Tony uncomfortable.”
The blonde glared at him. “ That’s a bit rude don’t you think? Tony is this true.”
“ Oh my god you’re-“
Before steve could comprehend what was going on, Tony left in a flurry.
“ Sure and I need porn to study anatomy,” Clint said.
Bruce began to walk down the hall and Tony followed behind him.  Bruce opened a door and led him in. The room was completely messy with papers and books littering the ground. The bed was unmade and the small desk in the corner was stacked with a variety of books and journals.
“ Grant, remember Tony can get hurt. The same goes for you Steve. You both are super soldiers and-“
Tony threw the wrench at him and took of. He sprinted to the nearest suit.
“ Ummm... I was wondering how Tony would do with a friend.”
“ Touché, old man.”
“ He is, but he somehow still finds time for us.”
Steve shook his head.
“ Why not? Grant’s cooking smells amazing!” Thor praises.
“ If we toss him in the desert or some tundra he will just try and find his way back.
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. The two idiots had surprised Tony with a getaway trip for the week at a resort and spa in Lake Placid. They had ordered almost everything of the spa and activities package as well as the luxury suite. Tony knew Steve got paid well from Shield in addition to his backpay from the Army but he still didn’t know how he could afford this place especially on such short notice.
I want you to know this as the same will happen with Steve. He is obsessed with you. And I don’t want him to kill you unless you are planning to go out that way. He is going to be crazy. I need you to know that.”
Tony began panting faster and moaned. It actually felt very good. “ Like that! Oh...oh, god. I’m almost there!”
“ You fucking bastard!”
Rhodey chuckled. “ Oh man. This is unreal. You babysitting someone?”
Stony fic where Tony is in love with Pepper but she grows tired of him so doesn’t allow him to court her anymore. So instead he marries Steve to make pepper jealous. Endgame stony. It’s a series. Last time I read it there were two stories. In the end of the first story Tony runs out from Steve to see Pepper and steve becomes sad  as he realizes the Tony may not love him. The second story, Tony realizes he loves Steve and becomes jealous when Bucky shows up after fighting in the military. Tony becomes upset the Steve spends so much time with him and starts a fight with steve regarding this. This is like a two part series. And at the end Steve and tony end up together.
Harry smiled and shook his head. He just needed to get Peter tucked in and he will probably be out like a light. He reached down to take of peters shoe.
“ It’s simple, but it’s nice.”
“ Attention” Steve called. He was in his training uniform. Next to him was Grant, similarly dressed.
Tony nodded.
Tony walked up to him until he could feel his breath and glared at him, “ Some prick who won’t let me see my friends.”
“ I’m an adult and I told you I was Iron man I’m my world, I know how to take care of myself.”
Pietro rolled his eyes. “ I did watch Broke Back Mountain you know. I know how this works.”
“ You said you loved me.” He said in a near whisper.
“ Now come on boy, get dressed. Your mom and I will treat you to that Italian restaurant you like.”
This was the worse punishment. He rather fight Thanks all
“ lean up against the headboard.” Tony Commanded.
“ I told you World War II when I was with SHIELD. There were a few others.”
Also looking for Stony fic where Tony is in love with Pepper but she grows tired of him so doesn’t allow him to court her anymore. So instead he marries Steve to make pepper jealous. Endgame stony. It’s a series.
Steve gave Nat a glare. “ He’s not my friend.”
Tony threw him and glare and turned on the TV.
“ Please enlighten me.”
“No need for your apologies. How much is he?”
“ Hi, Dad,” he said coyly.
Bucky nodded and came closer as Tony sat down and pulled the left leg of his sweatpants up, revealing the white bandages. He undid them to expose the inflamed and bruised area where he had been bitten.
“ Could you not afford anyone else? Was the other Tony broke or something?”
“ Yeah I’m sure,” sarcasm dripping in her voice.
“ Been here all along, jack ass.”  Tony rasped.
Tony just rolled his eyes. “ whatever.”
Steve barely had time to register the request when Tony places his hands in his shoulders and jumped in the air. Steve rocked his hands under his thighs in reflex if catching him.
“ I don’t want you to feel pressured just because you are a slave.”
“ This is not the first time Bucky tried to have me... you know...” he made a waving motion with his hand and blushed. “ And I’ve always hated it. It was an interference to my work, but I’m glad he brought you in yesterday.”
“ Do you still blame me for her finding out about her family? You told me to give her a phone which I was opposed to by the way. Did you really think she wouldn’t use it to check up on her family?”
“ Stark did you find him? Where is he? We are worried here at the base.” Coulson said frantically as if he were really worried. ‘Correction’, Tony thought. ‘You were the one that was worried.’
“ But-“
“ Nat could you help?”
“ Come on then, want to get lucky? Let’s go somewhere a bit more your style.”
The Slave-master swallowed before starting. “ There were other slaves he accompanied regularly. I assumed they could be called friends.” He said carefully.
She walked up to the dashboard and pressed the speaker for Grant’s room.
Quentin really wanted some morphine for his head.
“ And you can’t just because he says something you don’t like. People are going to Always have opinions that are different from yours and that is okay. But I’m really proud of you for turning the other cheek.”
“ I put it there.” He said with a confused look on his face.
“ It means rich boy here has a little crush on a certain omega. Does he walk with you down the hallways and carries your books for you.”
“ Howard! Language please.” Maria admonished.
Peter shook his head.
Tony turned to Steve, waiting for a response and saw that the man had gone completely red with a blush.
Winghead curled around Tony and cuddled into him, with an arm wrapped around his waist like someone who was trying to....
“ He’s acting up again?”
“ Can we do this again? Maybe later tonight you think?” Steve asked quietly.
“ You want to leave.”
Harry: we can go this weekend to this restaurant close to my house.
“ I don’t think I want another kid. I rather face Hydra than have one of those little monsters attack me bescsuse the are hungry. They scare me Tony. And I can’t handle them. They are like maniacs. Peter is our best one and he was about to fuck Wade Wilson. Wade Wilson Tony! And you know what Maria did? She put a fucking steak  knife in my blender because she wanted to know what it will do. Tony we are running a fucking insane asylum and Buck,  you and I can’t get out.”
3) Peggy’s husband was killed.
“ Tony that is not true. Howard tell him.”
“ And you still won’t.”
“ Why do they get food?”
Tony smiled. “ Thought you might have wanted to say hello,” tony started easily.
Speaking of the Commander, him and the rest of the team should be arriving soon. They were all moving to the estate temporarily in order to avoid the press. Those vultures have been prowling  outside the gates since midnight and it was annoying as hell.
“ I haven’t thought about it really. I’m just winging it. I want them to have a better life. All of them. God knows what they had to go through with Hydra. Did you see the scars on Bucky And then that metal arm? I’m not an expert on mermaids but I don’t think that is natural. Who knows why those bastards did to them.”
“ Is this someone hot?”
Tony whirled around to glare at him, tears in his eyes.
“ I still can you prick.”
So when he got back home form work he was pissed off from the fact that he found out I had a tubal ligation done and then this whole anal sex thing. Se we started to argue. I called him a monster and told him I wish Reilly was still alive so that I could have married him. He just lost it. He punched me and grabbed me by my arm until it broke. He then raped me vaginally and anally. He tore me pretty bad down there. I don’t remember much and I’m thankful for that small mercy but I know at some point he was strangling me and Steve came in and pulled him off and called EMS to take me to the Hospital.
“ I don’t like broccoli. It reminds me of Groot and makes me feel guilty when I eat it.”
Tony smiled and continued to watch Winghead play in his new aquarium.
“ He contracted tuberculosis. They promised a cure if we joined. And they did.”
“ Are you sure Steve? I think I should take him out right now.”
“ How is your world like compared to this one?”
Steve leaned down and kissed him, using a lot of tog he hair like Tony liked. Tony moaned against his lips.
That was total bullshit. They weren’t planning a date night this week and if they were they would hire a babysitter, aka Natasha. And said babysitter would be responsible for babysitting Peter as well. He had tried to convince them that he didn’t need one, but his pleas fell in deaf ears especially after they found him in his birthday half dressed with Wade.
“ Spank me.”
“ Howard. Such language is not appropriate at the table” Maria swatted at his forearm.
“ So tight darling. I don’t know how you can be so tight. Its like you were made for me. So precious baby, so beautiful.”
They were both panting and glaring at one another. Tony wanted to punch this guy so bad.
Tony smiled and looks between the two super soldiers, “ We really should make a sex tape.”
“ The report please,” Steve tried again.
Beck chuckled. “ Want something to eat? I can order in.”
Hi everyone! Due to the popular demand, I am making a sequel. Here is the first chapter and I hope to read your comments. Also I have two fanfics that I am trying to find and would appreciate any help in finding them.
“ Look at you my boy, you look well.” Howard cooed. If this universe was not already weird, Tony would have probably keeled over by now. When did he ever coo at someone like that?
Hi guys I’m looking for a Tony x Steve fanfic. Steve gets teleported into another universe where Tony is locked up after being deemed a criminal. The other universes Steve doesn’t want to interacting with their Tony. Steve has to wait until his tony can open a portal to save him. At the end Steve’s Tony opens a portal and rescues him. The other universe Avengers are wary of him. Tony was able to open the portal by using the i dirt stones and with the help of Jane Foster. At the end the other universe Captain America makes amends with the other universes Tony and it can be alluded that they try to start a relationship.
“ You called him Steve.”
Steve eyes flashed red as he jumped up and grabbed Bucky by his neck and threw him to the ground. Steve punched him with a roar and Bucky retaliated by kicking steve in the stomach.
He leaned over and placed a kiss on his temple. Tony was half asleep at this point. It has been overwhelming for him and was undoubtedly exhausted, but he had managed it well. Tony didn’t move at the kiss, probably too tired to comprehend what happened.
Peter nodded.
“ The details need to be fluffed out but it sounds pretty sexy to me,” Clint commented.
Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. This was his family and he wouldn’t change it for the world.
“ As you wish boss.”
No. No, not know.
Tony shrugged. “ It’s everything I could have wanted, but my wife, my daughter and my friends are back in a different universe. I don’t belong here.”
“ I didn’t ask you. I asked him. Can he not speak?”
“Well I told ya’ not to get him. He’s old. And I’m not changing how we eat because he can’t bend down.”
Rhodey faced palm. “ Why did I ever bother to think you needed defending.
Tony felt Steve’s erection slowly grow hard again inside of him as well the Grants erection come back to life below him.
Winghead smiled and wagged his tail.
“ Sir, we caught the imposter.” Natasha said.
“ Mr. Stark we need to come inside for some questioning.”
Harry: he seems pretty nice.
“ Guess I’ll take this stuff to her.” Greg said as he picked up the bags and headed toward the kitchen.
Tony panted as he continued to move.
“ I’m just stating the truth dear.”
Howard glared at him and began to rant.
“ So.... Grant. Will you be amicable if I release and walked you to the kitchen?”
“ A little reward for earlier.”
“ I suggest we hurry out,” Strange whispered to Tony as he hurried away with him.
Steve was pacing the small waiting are as Tony sat on one of the leather chairs. There slave master was coming back from a meeting and was said to be coming back as swiftly as possible.
Tony grabbed the bar of soap on the side of the tub and began cleaning himself off.
Tony glared.
He seemed to buy the lie and smiled and pulled out a small dish of fruit with the package stickers still intact and offered it to Tony.Ok, he knew he stole this. There was no way in hell this bastard went to Publix. Tony put down the fish and took the fruit assortment willingly. There was no way it could be worse than the fish.
“ I’m guessing. Steve doesn’t know.”
Steve grabbed  Tony’s length and gently stroked it. Tony moaned at the sensation.
“ Did you try?” Nat asked.
“ Darling!”
“ Yeah, just like that, baby,” he moaned when Steve gave an experimental grasp.
Anyway, when we came back and he asked me to date him, I told him that my fiancée had died 6 months prior and I was still grieving. So what does the bastard do? He shows up the next morning with a Medal of Honor for Reilly and flowers for me. Even after I told him about Rye, he wouldn’t leave me alone. He followed me everywhere and there were a few close calls. Some day I just wanted to show him that I was black but he probably would have killed me.
“ Let me program it for you.”
“ Are they super powered or something like that.”
“ I’m not your fucking gay experiment, Rogers.”
Tony rises his eyebrow and looked at Steve. “ I’m aware. But what is to for?”
“ Nothing,” Steve said hurriedly.
Steve smiled. “ Go down with the others while I clean the dishes, alright?”
“ I’m saying that I’ll walk away from my family to be with Quentin. It will hurt me to do so,” Peter sniffled. He god he was beginning to cry, “ But I will because I love Quentin. He means so Much to me. And yes he did some things in his past that he is not proud of, but we gave all done that we weren’t proud of and he has done better for himself and I love him.” Peter was sobbing at this point.
“ Tony! Talk to me are you there?” Tony saw the phone on the floor as heard Nat yelling out his name. He crawled over to it and picked it up.
“ Fuck!” Tony snarled as the two super soldiers groaned miserably. Reindeer games was so going to pay.
Tony grabbed Steve and pushed him into a closet. He had seen the super soldier earlier this morning but did not want to make a scene especially after his father took at his hunting rifle when he saw steve exit the SUV from inside the house and marched onto the porch.  He sent out a couple rounds before yelling a litany of curses and threatening to kill and maim Steve if he got close to his son. Thor had exited out of the car and had to fight Howard for the gun. For being human, the old man put up quite a fight.
Steve turned Tony to look at him, man handling him with ease. He looked perplexed. “No. No, I don’t think that. I love you.” Grant was at their Side now looking confused as well.
“ Dr. Banner, I want blood samples and whatever else you think is necessary from this man. Can you get me the results in an hour?”
“ Dude, I don’t even know you.”
“ Either way, we should get Strange involved. He will be an expert on this subject.” Natasha supplied.
“ Perfect.” Bucky groaned as he inserted his finger.
Tony didn’t let go of him even when they crawled to the middle of the bed.
“ Remember I’m picking you up.” Tony leaned in and kissed Peter on the cheek.
Steve smiled and nodded because he loved the brunette as well.
“ No. we don’t get along, but he trusts me to help. It’s more of an ego thing between us. We haven’t been violent with each other in the time we have know each other. So no, I won’t hurt him.”
Tony looked around and saw Steve’s phone on the coffee table. He hurriedly picked it up and dialed Nats number.
“ Let me get it.” Grant jumped up and was trying to pull down the zipper for Steve.
Then all went black.
Tony nodded and felt the sting ebb away to a feeling of fullness.
He turned back to Clint. “ Are you sure he’s going to like this?”
“ You have your finger up my ass and I’m clearly enjoying it. I think we are past that.”
“Who is texting you? That’s like the third time it went off and it hasn’t even been a full minute yet.” Morgan said. He was moving schematics  quickly on the visual display, adding his own input occasionally. They often did this together. It was like their bonding time.
“ Nat, drop back. He’s getting upset.” The creature relaxed after a while and Tony guessed it was because Nat left. The creature lifted up and adjusted Tony to where he was sitting next to him. He purred and began to nuzzle Tony’s neck.
“ Tony this is a bad idea.”
After the bell rang Peter dashed for the front of the school, he didn’t want to be ambushed by Flash and his cronies. When he made it out the doors he saw his dad standing outside his Sprite cars, casually leaning against it and waving at him.
The Commander seemed to calm down, after hearing Tony’s voice. “ To protect you”
Grant sighed. “ The Tony from my world... I... i. Hurt him. I was assigned to capture and gather intel regarding certain weapons....” Grant closed his eyes and hung his head before looking at Tony briefly before turning back to Sam “ I am the reason why he had his arc reactor. Is that what Loki told you? Is that what you want to know?”
I’m looking for a Peter/tony fanfic where Tony calls Peter a slut in bed and has his feelings hurt but doesn’t say anything. He eventually tells Tony and Peter rides him in the end and slaps Tony which he likes.I cannot remember the name of the title. Thanks
A black person, he couldn’t date them the same way.
Tony just shook his head and decided not to argue on the topic.
Sorry about the delay. School and work have been real busy and I’ve been having difficulty keeping up.
Steve just nodded as he tore of Tony’s jeans and underwear at once.
“ She didn’t need to know.”
“ Well Im not bonding with them. I’ll be bonding with Tony.” Clint said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
The best part however was when he finally was able to slide his dick into him. It had been the best feeling ever. Even with a condom on.
The door opened and a blonde omega came in. He was about average height and had a bow aligned across his back with his quiver of arrows.
Peter shook his head. “ No. I miss him. I hope he is ok.”
“ See he’s fine with us. It’s just you.”
Tony wanted to sign. Again with the unattractive dirty talk. Steve thrusted wildly and jostled him with each thrust. If he knew how to halfway work that thing he could be decent, but apparently that was asking for too much.
Steve sat their quietly as he watched the spoiled son of a bitch got fed ice cream.
“ Uh huh.” Tony said nonchalantly as he skimmed over the papers and signed his name.
With that Tony hung up on him.  He sighed again and ran a hand through his hair. He better head back. God knows what those two will do to one another. There was an immediate dislike between the two when they first met. This other Captain America, or a Captain Hydra since he was dressed in a black suit with the Hydra label on his chest and a matching black shield with the Hydra insignia, Just strutted into his lab as Steve and him were discussing some case files that SHIELD had shipped over. All hell had broke loos after that as Steve had taken the offensive and picked up his own shield and charged after the intruder. He dodged easily and threw down his shield and yielded. He looked directly at Tony and told him he would do anything as long as he could talk to him.
Bucky has already made himself comfortable and was already asleep with the baby tucked into his side.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “ What’s wrong with you? You usually like my jokes.”
“ What are you doing here?” Peter hissed softly as he dragged Wade behind a row of books in the library.
Peter wrapped his arms around Becks neck and pulled himself close to his ear. “ I can sweeten the deal for you.”
Means. It’s not like I had something going on.”
“ How...”
Steve snorted. “ Im not really the kind of guy to be in a frat.”
“ I love you Tony and I don’t want to do anything that upsets you ever. You can always talk to me.” Steve whispered as he ground his hips into him.
“ Why him?”
Peter giggled and lightly swatted at Wades chest.
“ About a year ago when they traveled to visit one of their wolf- underlings, His friend, Bucky the one with the brown hair, bought him a whore.”
“ I’m gonna fuck ya good ya know that right? Fuck you so good you won’t be able to walk for days.” He slurred. Tony watched in complete rapture as Steve bent down and nipped at a dusky colored nipple.
“No it’s a big problem. You’re not-“
Tony began walking away to his office. Steve’s eyes opened in horror. “ Honey, I don’t think that’s a good idea.” He began as he chased after him.
“ Boss, I advise-“
Peter scrunched his face. “ I think I left it at home. Dad has a tracker on it.”
“ Is that a gun or are you just happy to see me?”
“ Shellhead! Enough, please don’t fight.” Steve admonished.
Peter quietly jumped in through the bedroom window and noticed no one there. He smiled, he was going to get him this time. He peeked at the door and looked both ways to make sure that the coast was clear. He heard someone humming a melody. He silently scaled the wall, the apartment was old and the floors often creaked  with any weight so this was the best option. A mischievous smile adorned his face when he saw the broad back in front of him,  oblivious to the trickster of a spider creeping up on him. He was so getting him this time.   He crawled up the ceiling so the he could position himself directly behind him when he landed. He let his feet dangle as he held himself with just his hands. This was going to be awesome. He them reales his hands and landed with a soft thud.
“Jesus Christ. Gold almighty. This is abnormal. This is not right.” Steve mumbled.
“ Whatever.”
He looked up.
“Of course your- I mean Steve.”
Thanks for reading so far! I’m looking forward to your comments!
“ I’m here Maria.” Tony saw his father sitting at a small table with an assortment of pastries and drinks presented .
“ Don’t worry. Just ask nicely and I’m pretty sure he will.” Sam chuckled.
Bucky glared at him but didn’t take his gun away from Iron Man’s direction.”
“ So do playboys yet I don’t hear you giving them any shit about it. Yes Tony is different, not just his sexuality. The man lives off coffee and is the smartest person I know. But he is kind and is a decent human being that wants to make a word a better place.”
“ I know it’s a crown. I didn’t ask for that. I asked for...”
“ Ummm.... I think his name was Steve.” Tony said softly.
‘ We need a miracle for that,’ Tony blight.
How the fuck was he related to these people.
Tony placed a third finger in and spread his legs further.
Steve sighed pulled him onto his lap, making sure he’s comfortable before he co to use to talk to Bucky.
“ Fuck...” Tony said softly as he leaned back  against an overly large cushion.
“ How about try being less of an ass”
Tony opened it and began munching on the fruit. Jesus, who did he steal this from? He really needed to reel in his klepto tendencies. He bet there was an agent out there pissed off right now since there food has gone missing.
“ Tony What about Sarah? The little shit is like if Chucky was actually real. She was throwing the kitchen knives at her stuffed animals. We have shitty genes, that’s why they are fucking nuts! And the serum just makes them crazier! Why the fuck you think Bucky’s kids are like little fucking maniacs? Your kids at least want to bang everything that walks by and or experiment. That can be managed with a rifle to shoot away dip shit wayward alphas and a schedule to make sure they eat. But either way I don’t think my heart can handle the stress of another kid. We need to be safe.”
“ there are other restaurants.”
“ Wanna bet Pietro is going to get into another fight,” Clint asked, a smile painted in his face.
“ Right... that’s good and all, but why do you guys still want me here? I’m not apart of your little after school club. I was here to help and that’s all. I did my job and now I’m going home.”
Tony nodded. He started to move his hips.
“ Well That would explain why you are so smart. You solved all those Chester equations like it was no problem.”
“ But you are always around him. Do you think he would like one?”
Sam gave him an uneasy smile and patted him on the chest, “ Hey.”
Peter took his seat in the back and began to take out his notebook and homework. He liked sitting in the back because it was less likely someone was going to throw something at the back of his head.
“ You guys have that here?”
Peter nodded.
Steve finished cutting Tony’s food and turned to his own meal. Tony picked up his fork and began to eat. He heard a loud yawn and saw Bucky enter the kitchen.
They all rose and followed the man out of the room.
Harry frowned and dislodged the girl from his arm. “ Well then i guess Im not going.”
“ Boss I think you should pull over.”
“ If you say so.”
“ So what are you planning to do with all them anyway? I mean that’s a couple extra mouths to feed and they probably need special medical care.”
His phone went off again. He really didn’t want to look at it but he knew he better if he didn’t want to get his ass torn a new one again for not checking in. He understood their worry, he really did, but it was only one near death experience. He won’t have one of those everyday. Well hopefully he won’t.
Hi everyone! Here is the next update. I hope everyone likes it!
If Steve hadn’t been looking at Tony, he would have thought someone else was speaking to him. Who was this timid man who squared something about watching a movie while he fidgeted and tried to look away from him?
They both kissed Tony and snuggled into him, falling asleep quickly.
Bruce was mostly quite and loved tending to his garden on the balcony. He tended to a large assortment of produce which he would cook with. He loved drinking tea and reading.
“ I’ll order him one of those weighted blankets tomorrow it should-“
Tony took the remote and turned it off. Winghead growled and puffed out his cheeks, turning toward to Tony.
“ I don’t know you. If you are trying to pretend to be Tony you are doing a shitty job. He would never call me Legolas, but nice try though.”
Steve gave an exasperated sigh and crumpled into the kitchen chair.
“ Sorry, I mean Steve.”
“ Anyway, how did you get here. We didn’t really discuss that.” Tony said before Steve could retort.
Tony shrugged. “ I guess.” Tony’s mind went to Winghead curled around him.
“ Don’t you fucking dare!” Tony snarled.
Peter blushed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony...” steve said in a gravely voice.
Tony gave him a witty response which Steve replied back in turn.
But was disarmed. Bucky went to defend himself and then Nat threw a small EMP at War Machine. Steve watched helplessly as Iron Man moved out of his reach and jumped in front of the projectile. He screamed and then fell on his side with a thud.
Thanks for supporting my fic so far. Please leave your comments! Also please help me find this fic.
Everyone at this point had bursted laughing as Bucky glared at Greg.
Tony gave him a reassuring smile. “ That would be fine.”
The room was a lot cleaner than when he originally came in. Tony also noticed a Sonography playing in the corner. He didn’t recognize the tune but he knew for sure it would be something one played when trying to be romantic.
“ Why don’t you just jump in and have my way with me as well?” Tony cooed.
“Bucky you too. He’s not going to hurt me.”
“ Whatever, I’m out of here.” With That James stood up and strode our of the room.
Before he knew it he was loaded up in the back of a van and they took off. He wanted to see where they were going but he was far away from any windows and forced into a corner of the van.
“ That would be good.”
Steve turned back to the group and looked directly at Tony. “ Sorry for the mess, I didn’t know I would be having company. Do you want something to drink. I’m sure I have something around here... I got water? Is tap water fine? And I have snack too... I think. I’m pretty sure I bought some Cheetos and some point. I don’t think they’re expired yet.” He asked, a little nervous as he quickly moved around and tried to tidy the area up.
“ What now? Cuddles here doesn’t seem like he is going to let go anytime soon.”
“ Huh?” Steve asked dumbfoundedly.
Bucky looked down at it curiously. He bent his head and sniffed it.
Tony smirked to himself. Maybe he really was the one with the power here.
Before Steve could say anything Tony mouthed the front of his uniform. Steve squealed.
Coulson walked up and stood next to Tony.
Tony turned toward Coulson. “ Really? And where will I keep him? In my bathtub? What the hell? And how the hell did he get feet? Was this how he was getting around Shield? Why didn’t anyone tell me?”
Tony whined and began to rut into Steve when he felt a wet velvety tongue run along his frenulum. He grabbed on to Steve’s hair with both hands to keep him there. His lifts his legs a bit and held him in places
That might Peter didn’t Respond any further to Harry’s texts as they came coming up till midnight.
He was interrupted by a loud snarl. He looked back at Barnes and saw him crouch and raised his back, making himself appear larger. He flashed his large canines at Steve and dug his hands into the couch.
“ Well this one works.”
The man looked at him confused. “ I’m going to lick it.”
Tony looked up to see a large wolf vigorously jumping a pillow.
“ I guess every couple is into something. Like Pepper and I have our own things. Why? Did Tony do something?” Rhodey asked worriedly.
Peter huffed at that.
Bucky. Steve. Nat.
Natasha sighed.   “ Do you know why we call them ‘ your grace’ and Steve ‘ your majesty’?”
“ Fuck!” He yelled and fell off the bed.
Tony heard voices up ahead and saw a large wooden door open as he and the rest of the group were ushered in.
He just shook his head and continued to stroke his hair. He leaned down to kiss Morgan’s forehead. Morgan smiled up at him and tilted his head, hoping he would get the cue. Thankfully he did, but the kiss was chaste. The man pulled the blanket up to Morgan’s shoulders.
“ Well I guess your turned on.”
Tony swallowed the load before popping off.
“ I can make it true you know..”
“ Oh joy.” Tony said sarcastically.
“ If I give you food, will you go to your doctor without any issues?”
Tony already had a baseball helmet in and a bat and was halfway inside the cage.
“ Would you guys shut the fuck up! I don’t want to hear you banging. Jesus Christ!” It was Clint.
Tony looked on in surprise. He Did not see that coming.
“ Hey Peter.” Harry said as he jogged in over. “ So are you free Saturday? You never texted back.
“ Does it look like I know how he got here?”
Bruce sighed. “ You’re going to have to see someone. These are high doses Tony. And Xanax is a controlled substance. You can’t find that just laying around.”
Tony didn’t respond.
“ Yeah... I can assure you I’m not sleeping with your dad.”
Tony began to turn and leave when he heard an excited squeal. He turned and saw Steve flopping toward him, a baby ticked under in one arm but still managing to effectively avoiding Clint.
Harry laughed.  “ Gotta talk to me, babe.”
Strange sighed. “ To be honest, I don’t know.  There is so much going on right now with the general population knowing of your existence and Rogers recent behavior that it could be possible that they may not be able to come at all. The way it looking Steve May be put in jail.”
Tony looked over a Steve who looked back at him sheepishly with a small smile. Tony smiled up at him. Earning a more relaxed and genuine smile.
Steve laughed and swatted Tony lightly on his ass.
“ Yes Steve,” Tony said as he rolled his eyes. How stupid can this man be?
“ But your grace-“ Phil began scandalized.
Grant didn’t turn to look at him.
Peter squealed and clapped his hands. “ I want to go to Australia!”
Steve looked down at him with dreamy eyes and kissed him again.
7) Howard was still pissed off with Steve
Tony nodded. When he walked up to the enclosure, he smelled smoke. He looked toward the beach area and saw Winghead there roasting a couple of fish over a fire. How he made the fire, Tony really didn’t want to know.
Peter nodded and headed toward his room.
Tony just nodded and scurried along as he saw the pitcher of water in his hand was still half way full.
He finally looked up after he snorted a line. He gave an exasperated sigh and glared at Schmidt. “ I thought I told you I wasn’t going to go on a mission,” he snapped.
“ Just saying i am an expert of non-communal relationships and all of mine never included snuggling on the couch and watching some stupid lifetime movie.”
Tony turned away and headed out the door, but not before flicking the archer the bird. Nope he was not jealous at all.
Tony tilted his head as if he were thinking about it before roasting his glass toward him.
“ He’s not lying.”
“ Good evening, My name is Tony Stark. I am not from your universe, but of a parallel one. When I first met the Hydra special operatives of your world, I was scared and no one believed me that I was from another universe.
“ I’m Peter.”
“ Is this mandatory.” The two blondes glared at him. He gulped as that was answer enough.
Steve thrusted forward, making his hard on apparent.
He spread his butt cheeks and gave a low whistle. “ Well is that a pretty sight.”
Also I am looking for a Peter x Tony fanfic. Tony starts talking dirty to him in bed and insults him. It Hurts Peters feelings but he doesn’t say anything as he doesn’t want to upset tony. Please let me know if you know the name:)
Tony just frowned. He about opened his mouth, but decided against it. It was too risky right now.
Pepper smiled. “ You are getting soft in you old age.”
Tony leaned back and tugged Winghead back down with him. Tony felt Winghead begin to grind into him.
Steve has continued to chastise Clint in the elevator. How he was being irresponsible and how he could have gotten injured. Tony just stared at the scene playing out before him. Steve was very much like a stern mother.
“ You’re going right to get us in trouble again.”
Clint and Bucky cheered as they dove into the food.
of the night?” Steve growled.
Steve turned to the smirking man behind him. “ That’s disgusting.”
Steve looked down and noticed something amazing.
“ What Stevie? Did you think he was going to use silverware this time?” Bucky questioned. Steve glared at him. Having a demon and treating him human was something beyond Bucky’s comprehension at times it seems. Steve didn’t understand why people discriminated against them. He is against owning them. The only reason he got Tony because when he was at the market he saw a trader trying to separate the family unit apart.
“ Dad he just gave me his number to help him with school work.”
“ I wish we could always be this way.”
‘Really?,’ Tony thought.  He did not have any fun and the only thing he was compatible with was coffee.
“ I thought you don’t do people.”
Another short update. Thanks for reading so far and I look forward to your comments. :)
“ Yeah. I thought she was going to kill me.”
Tony smirked and sauntered over to him. He could do this. He can seduce this man. “ Is that supposed to be code for anything?”
Tony declined.
“ I guess he wants you to take a blood pressure”
“ Then where am I?”
“ Darling, you can’t really be thinking to fight in something so obsolete. I can at least add some Kevlar to the suit.”
“ Pepper was an innocent bystander! He just went nuts and attacked her. I don’t know why we are even keeping him,” Tony snapped.
And the conversation began like that. He had included Ned too, which surprised Peter, but he was thankful for. However never during that time did Harry’s bright smile falter once.
“ Cover up,” Steve murmured holding out a blanket.
“ Now, now Mr. Rogers are you expecting me to put out?”
“ You two stop bickering,” and see allow voice said Tony assumes was the king.
“ What!?” Tony asked in surprise.
Peter gave a bashful smile. “ Yeah, since I’ll be gone for a few weeks with my parents. I thought maybe you know....” he motioned to the camera.
It was the other Tony’s birthday. He was in a grey suit with a red birthday hat on his head. His head was thrown back in a wild laugh with his hands clasped together in a clap. In from to him was a towering cake with Clint popping out of it in a tiny red thong doing a muscle man pose. Bucky was smiling from the side and throwing confetti at the archer. Steve had an arm wrapped around Tony and was glaring at the two. Of course Steve would be a party pooper. He would be in any universe.
“ Because Nat would neuter you if you tried.”
Steve sighed.
“ Is Stark really that good of a lay?”
He just shrugged. “ I’ll do whatever you tell me. You told me to sit on this chair and I didn’t fight when you tied me up right? Why would I fight you now? “
“ This just shows that neither of you are better than the other and that here are some issues that we need to work on. But you both love Tony from what I am seeing. Let that be something you both can agree on. I’ll be honest and I’ve never done a threesome type couple but since Tony wants you both here, I can only imagine he wants to continue a relationship where the both of you are included.”
Steve just ignored him and continued to look down at the floor.
Peter shook his head.
“ Good body? Jesus Christ I can use it as a god damn washboard!” Tony exclaimed as he Tried to pull the shirt back up.
“ Stop struggling, I’m almost done.”
“ Shut Up.” Steve growled.
“ Well I’m a fast learner. I’m pretty sure I can Have him begging underneath me.”
“ Well I guess there is no helping it. “ Tony went back down to his knees.
“ You are responsible for our current resident or have you forgotten?”
Steve gulped. He only hoped Rhodey didn’t kill him.
“ Good, now get out of my sight before you piss me off anymore. And Phil? Have a room arranged for him and go deal with the Slave-keeper. I’ll take him to the baths in the meantime, he smells dreadful.” The blonde scrunched his nose as if he smelled something putrid.
“ How did you find out?”
The other man simpered out a ‘no.’
“ Who was that?” Ned asked.
He heard Steve audibly gulp before he started to slowly move in and out of him.
Tony picked up another doughnut and continued to munch on it when he felt a soft jab at his side. He turned to look at Clint who gave him his best impression of puppy dog eyes. Tony rolled his eyes and handed him a doughnut. He squealed in delight and happily took it.
He was tempted to use his old Iron man suit to scare the bastards off. Did they not get the point that this was a family affair and they should keep their nose out of it?
“ Can you still break free from this?”
Tony gave him a sad smile, “ That really nice of you.”
“ What happened to him?”
“ What is it now?” Steve groaned.
“ We didn’t know that. Steve didn’t know that. He had been pining for Tony since he came out of the ice. He loved Tony. You could just tell. His eyes would always find him in the room no matter where they were or how crowded it was. In the field he would always watch his six. He always made sure Tony was safe even at the expense of his own safety. He couldn’t imagine a world without him.
Sorry about the late update. I’ve been super busy with school and work. I hope you like the new chapter.
“ Stop it. They’ll eventually come around.”
Hi! Thanks for reading. I’m looking forward to reading your comments:)
“ Protocol? Are you fucking for real? I just want to scare my little Tony not kill him! I made that very fucking clear he was not to be harmed!”
Steve didn’t think anything of it; Tony had more experience then him. He Placed his hands under Tony’s arms and lifted him up. Tony broke away from the kiss and looked at Steve with a confused expression on his face and a well groomed eyebrow lifted.
“ You’re a bit skinny, you’ll need to gain some weight.”
“ I’m Tony’s and Steve’s  friend and you seem to have quite the interaction with them when my team walked in.”
“ Tony are you alright?” Steve was holding him closely, still in his workout clothes.
“ 20 minutes.” Nat replied.
Pepper rolled her eyes.
“ Are you sure Steve? He seems to be a handful.” Bucky asked.
“ It was.”
“ Well it defiantly sounded like that,” Sam interjected.
“ Its kind of pointless. Remember last year? You guys had a lot of trouble helping us with Algebra one.” Wanda said.
“ Just go ahead, Buck make your self comfortable by all
(See the end of the chapter for
Quentin cringed. He hated bringing it up but he needed his meds. He didn’t want Peter to see him off of it.
“ Yeah, what did you think I was?”
“ Do you want me to finger you baby? Open you up with my tongue? I know you said you never done anything penetrative before and it will be too soon to mount you. But I can make you feel so good Peter... do you want that?”
“ What? That’s what I am. A fag. A cocksucker. A fairy. Need any other words to describe me?”
Steve smiled and cupped his face. “ Thanks babe.”
“ So you’re still alive.”
Oh this shit was not going to fly. “If you two don’t get your asses down to medical to apologize, I’m not having sex with either of you for a month and I can ensure you I’ll be just fine.”
“ You have like a magical sense in finding me.”
Peter couldn’t remember where they were going. By the time he refocused he was halfway up a set of stairs.
“ Are you sure those boots are good Stevie? Tony’s a bit older and he probably
Rhodey suggested.
Tony looked back at him.
“ What’s going on Friday?” They had been driving for a few hours now and we’re getting close to the border.
Tony just nodded. he looked up at him. “ I’ve missed you.” He said softly.
“ Why me ?” Asked Steve.
“ Oh my god. What do you think they are going to think?”
“ Ok, get on your hands and knees.”
Tony cowered out of reflex, and further into Maria’s embrace.. It wasn’t because this Howard would hurt him. But the one in his universe would often beat him when he was this mad.
“ Well when I was 21, I was one of the new recruits. I had graduated early from the Academy and got into the division. I wanted to be in that division since my boyfriend of like 3 years had been accepted into that unit that year prior. I wanted us to be able to be together and we were for a time. We often partnered for missions. One mission we were supposed to head out and I got sick that morning so I had to stay behind, he went out with some other person and they ended up going shot out of the sky with some missile. There was no body to recover.”
“ You idiot,” Steve growled, “ we are trying to make him feel comfortable not trauma time him!”
“ You just need to sit back and look pretty, how hard Can that be?”   Clint asked. “ And does anyone know when he will get his ass down here? I only showed up to see some drama.”
“ Sorry dear,”
“ It’s funny! And he gets to meet people.”
Assume that Howard was probably boiling.
“ Turn then off. His voice is dangerous.”
He felt steve lean forward until he felt his breath tickle his ear.
Bucky and Steve walked back into the living room.  They were in comfortable night clothes of pants and t shirts that looked one size too small.
“ So.... have you been banging Sam lately?” He asked with a smirk.
“ So beautiful. ... could write sonnets about ya’....damn...so good for me doll.”
Winghead began to just float on his back.
Grant smirked. He turned to Tony and did something extremely shocking. He bowed and picked up his hand to bring it to his lips for a light kiss. “ Commander Hydra at you service.”
“ And What I’m supposed to sit back and take it?”
“ What? It’s a fruit. And I have it very often.”
“ What the hell? Is that my shirt?
“Shit,” Howard muttered under his breath.
“ Pierre can come back.” Peter whispered softly.
“ Yes you did.”
“ His kind has the ability to sing spells and curses. Often times they are to make others do their bidding. And he wanted you to give Tony back to him. “
“ Well, they could be Loki.”
“ Oh my god! Faster! Faster!” Tony cried.
Steve looked away ashamed.
Steve began to kiss his neck, hands on his waist.
Steve man handled him until they were sitting on the couch with his legs gangling off Steve’s on one side and with his shoulder a giant his chest. Steve wrapped his arms around himself tightly, holding him close. Tony continued to struggle, kicking at him and trying to get his hands free.
“ No. don’t wanna.” Peter whined again but didn’t fight when Harry led him into a room.
Strange closed his eyes and sighed, “ I know.”
Peter turned around and saw Harry running toward him. Once he reached him, Peter noticed how red in the face he looked as he panted heavily.
Peter whined. “ Don’t wanna.”
Tony had to really hand it to himself not to roll his eyes at being told to eat properly at the table like he was some five year old. He turned to glare at Bucky and Clint who were both snickering behind their hands. Natasha and Bruce paid them no mind as they both ate their food.
“ He’s forty-“
Quentin groaned as he came to. His head was pounding and he felt like he had been ran over by a truck.
Tony heard a pained howl. He turned to see Bucky knocking Steve into the kitchen island. Steve slumped down and didn’t move.
Tony didn’t even bother putting up a fight: he was getting his friends back.
“Oh-“ Tony began as he tried to talk with his stuffed mouth.
“ Makes sense.  He probably sees as a threat to his well being and when the only one he feels is Helping him was separated from him, it could make him presume as much. “. Nat concluded.
“ Nothing would Please me more your grace.”
“ Loki, you too?”
Tony smiled. “ Haven’t had enough of me today?”
“ The poor dear.”
“ Well, Yeah. He was very depressed, wizard.” Thor supplied.
Steve sighed.
“ Don’t you think we will be caught,” Morgan whispered to the body pressed behind him. He was answered with a soft thrust. Morgan gasped out.
“ What babe? Like what you see?”
It all happened so fast. First War Machine lunged and Bucky quickly turned to point his gun at the robot a
Tony should have known Wanda would have been in this universe. He didn’t really have anything  her. She had just acted out against him because her family had been killed and she was angry at the world. He was just surprise how many people this universe shared with his own and yet how different it could be.
Tony ignored him and pulled the front of his shirt up. “It’s like your abs have fucking abs!”
“ Shit,” Tony muttered. They found him.
“ Why not? Maybe I can convince you two to let Dad and Rhodey  out early.”
“ But I thought he liked Tony?” Bruce asked.
Peter giggled. “ Language!” He chastised as he stood before him in his naked glory. Harry kept his eyes trained on Peters face. this guy was killing him.
Tony nodded. He would probably be a lot happier.
“ Help with what?” Tony hissed, this time a lot quieter.
“ Yeah because he sure does look lonely right now.”
Not even a second later Tony walks in with a pout on his face. He was in a tank top and sweat pants and his bright blue eyes gleaming with a soft glow like his arc reactor. It had scared Steve at first but now he’s a bit more used to it.
Winghead cooed in response. In dove back in the water as he noticed Tony walking to the gate. Bruce waited behind him as Winghead pulled himself up and onto the beach. It was a strange design. Instead of sloping gently into dry sand, it was more similar to the structure of the pool where Winghead would have to pull himself up and onto the sandy surface. He purred as Tony approached.
“ I’m not going to hurt you. It’s alright. My name is Tony. I don’t  want to hurt you.”  The creature in front of him had stopped hissing, but was still tense.  He would be too if he were locked up in a pen with this hard concrete floor. How did he ever find himself in these situations?
Well he was until it came to the dental pet of the exam.
