The other man returned to the center of the room where there was a basket in full view of the wall. “You are more than welcome to sample and claim any or all of the Omegas in the room if you so choose instead of simply picking one for the night. There won’t be any charge beyond what you’ve already paid. We are aware some Alphas have voracious appetites and dislike the idea of being limited. Supplies are provided and required, unless the Omega has noted otherwise. They are also certified to be clean in every way just like we require of our Alphas so you don’t need to worry about anything that you choose to do. We do ask that you do not cause any Omegas injury. They are here for a night of fun and entertainment.”
Steve started with one finger, pushing the tip in and there was no real teasing with it this time. He kept going until he was buried to the knuckle and slipped it out again, thrusting it a few times to get a feel for the Omega. He was happy with the reactions he could feel, with the flexing and relaxing around just one finger. Steve honestly wished he could hear him just a little better. If he could, he would work him open until he begged for him, but he couldn’t be sure that he would hear it and that would just be disappointing. Besides, it was safe to assume the Omega didn’t know he could hear him. It was, at least, something to think about later.
“Great, I’ll make sure Harrison knows I agree,” Steve smiled as the other man tied his robe and turned away from him. He paused in the doorway and turned back to the Alpha.
He gave the Omega a light slap with his left hand and stepped back to admire the ass in front of him again. There were so many things he wanted to do with it. He didn’t know how he was going to fit them all in one night. He could the whine of protest and the moan from the Omega. He wondered if the man was taking himself in hand on the other side of the wall. He imagined they were more than allowed to touch themselves and were probably more than happy to do so since the Alpha on the other side of the wall couldn’t reach them.
“Slouch down more,” the Omega encouraged and instead of sliding down, he lifted himself up on his knees. Steve shifted forward on the couch to give the other man a better angle and lined back up again. The other man nodded as he wiggled his hips to test the angle, “There we go.”
Steve pressed the head of his cock to the man’s opening and rubbed it up and down, threatening to push in. He could feel the Omega attempting to force the tip of his cock into him but he didn’t have the space. His ass was too perfectly framed by the wall and Steve could hear the whine of protest on the other side when he denied him. He grinned and stepped closer, pushing his cock vertical so it stood framed between the man’s cheeks. Steve took a slow breath and thrust upward, sliding his erection up and down against the man’s entrance. With his hands, he pushed the globes of the Omega’s ass together, tightening them around his cock and thrust several more times. The head of his cock repeatedly poked out the top of that perfect ass, leaking fluid onto the curve of his cheeks and Steve groaned at the sight.
His mind just couldn’t resist comparing all them to one another and the winner was clear. Steve stepped behind the wonderful, wiggling ass in the middle and reached out to squeeze it, testing to see if it really was as perfect as it looked. He wasn’t disappointed. It was exceptionally firm and tight. Clearly, this Omega worked out and probably prided themselves on their appearance.
“Thank you,” Steve responded politely and he opened the door to step inside. It swung shut behind him and he immediately flipped the switch as the man directed. This room was decorated differently from the last one. It was fancier with plenty of plush furniture and tables with baskets full of various items. It also smelled entirely of Omega with a vague hint of various perfumes. Steve stood for a moment and just breathed. It was such an intoxicating scent even if none of the Omegas in this room were in heat. He remembered that being an option on the survey but he declined it. He didn’t need an Omega that was that desperate for someone and certainly didn’t want to worry about impregnating someone. Of course, he also believed, in a perfect world, that Omegas would only share their heats with someone special and maybe that made him old-fashioned but that was the idea he was going to stick to anyway.
Steve tipped his head, hands resting on the Omega’s thighs instead as he looked up at him, “Sounded like you were having fun to me.”
“Yes, quite comfortable. If you’ll come around here, I’ll show you,” Harrison offered and he walked him around back to open the door on the other side of one of the holes in the wall to show him the cushioning. It looked like the Omega would be partially standing and bracing themselves but there were plenty of cushioned supports to hold their weight. There were plenty of different options based on whatever the Omega wanted and no restraints.  Steve was satisfied, at least, that if he chose to go this route the Omega on the other side wouldn’t be straining to hold the position for him. In fact, it looked like they would be probably more comfortable than him with the wall in the way.
“I did, actually,” the Omega replied cheekily. The ego on the man was astounding but also amusing. He wasn’t sure why it put him at ease so much. “Now. I’m going to turn around so I can slide down on this nice big cock of yours and you’re going to sit there patiently while I have some fun with you.”
The Omega actually moaned at the thought, reaching between his legs to smear the fluid against his thighs and his hand moved up to where his hole was winking to empty what it could out of him. “Deal.”
,” the man said and just the idea made his balls tighten. “Like that idea, huh? All warm and wet around you.”
He groaned, unable to help himself and he really wished he could move but the Omega was clearly more than happy to clench down again. “Shouldn’t give me ideas.”
There were plenty of lengthy discussions at SHIELD about how he might be interested in working out some tension but he really didn’t want it to be with anyone he worked with regularly or might work with in the future. There was no need to make things awkward in the field if it went poorly. He needed his coworkers to trust him and be comfortable. So, someone managed to secure him a private invitation to what they called a ‘gentleman’s club’. It likely wasn’t the strangest job that someone was assigned either, probably just another day in the life at SHIELD, but he was grateful anyway.
“I won’t,” he promised. He wouldn’t betray anyone’s trust like that particularly not for the price he was probably paying for this. Steve didn’t know if SHIELD would take it out of his paycheck or if they would just write it off but either way, he knew it wasn’t cheap.
, big boy,” the Omega said over his shoulder and knocked at his hands to push them away. “Remember our deal.”
“Nor should you,” the Omega replied and he stood up to fetch a bottle of lube. If Steve’s lap was anything to go by, he was plenty wet, but he wasn’t going to argue with more lube being involved. “Oh, I forgot the pesky details-- do you want to wear a condom? I don’t care one way or another. This place makes sure we’re all clean before we get going.”
Steve pressed one hand just above the man’s groin and wrapped the other across his chest so he would have the leverage he needed to start thrusting upward into him in firm, hard strokes. At this angle, there was no way he was avoiding the man’s prostate and he was sure he was dragging against it with every thrust which is exactly what they both wanted.
“Understandable,” Steve agreed. It made perfect sense to him. He imagined that some were in positions like his but who didn’t crave a nice, hard round of sex every now and then? Suppressants were only so helpful. He was sure some Omegas just preferred to deal with their heats this way every now and then, so long as the right precautions were taken anyway. He wondered if he should have worn a mask and then decided that no one really knew him anyway. As far as anyone was concerned, Captain America was long dead and SHIELD was going to keep it that way as long as possible.
The man eyed Steve for about two seconds before he said over his shoulder to the waiting assistant, “Yeah, we’re good. Definitely good. I accept.”
He raised his hand to inhale the man’s scent and he let out a small groaning sound. If he wasn’t hard before, he certainly would be now. There was nothing more wonderful than the scent of an aroused Omega. It was possible that Steve was just a little biased given his current situation. His pants were getting to the point of uncomfortable but he didn’t do anything with himself just yet. He didn’t want that to get in the way of lavishing attention on the Omega. He wanted to drive him crazy so he wouldn’t question coming upstairs with him for him to finish the job.
Briefly, he wondered what the Omega on the other side of the wall was thinking. There weren’t many Alphas that would go to their knees for any reason and certainly not to thrust their tongue in and out of their entrance, no matter how perfect the ass around it might be. Steve, however, enjoyed it immensely and found it even more spectacular when the other man was at his mercy. He made a mental note as he lapped again at the Omega’s opening, fluid rushing freely from him and there was enough that his chin was wet with it when he pulled away. He rubbed a hand over his chin to wipe it away and moved to grab a small cloth to wipe his hand on, dropping it on the floor beside the wall when he returned.
His hand slid around the curve of one globe and found it sat comfortably in his hand. The Omega pressed back into his hand invitingly and he squeezed again, taking hold of both sides to feel the weight of the man’s ass in his hand. The man’s skin was soft and smooth when he rubbed his thumbs over it. He released his grip just to poke at the smooth ass, watching it as it bounced back with appreciation and he smiled in amusement as the Omega gave what he could only consider an annoyed wiggle. Impatient, this one.
“Do you have any other questions?” the man asked him and Steve shook his head. “Your invitation gives you unrestricted access to the Omega room of your choosing for as long as you would like. No one will interrupt you.”
“Doesn’t bother me one way or another either,” Steve replied with a shrug of one shoulder. Thanks to the serum, he couldn’t catch anything anyway and to be perfectly fair, he already stuck his tongue up the man’s ass. It was hardly the time to worry about a condom now.
“Maybe next time,” the man beneath him said, wiggling slightly and clenching hard enough to make Steve groan, then tip over the edge again. It pulled a moan out of the Omega as his muscles flexed around the Alpha to draw the warm fluid out of him. “That’s the way.”
“Good, I’d be happy to go again,” the Omega stood up and claimed his robe from where it was discarded on the floor. “Wall and all.”
Scissoring his fingers, he thrust them in and out while he squeezed the cheek of the man’s ass with his other hand. He made a mental note to let the Omega know later just how perfect he looked like this. A third finger joined the other two when he was happy with his progress and the moans picked up again and there was rhythmic jerking backward against his hand. It wasn’t as much movement as the Omega probably wanted but it was enough to tell him he was definitely impatient. No matter what Steve was doing, he was always demanding more and more
He couldn’t resist giving him two or three more hard thrusts before letting him go and watching as the Omega scrambled to his feet, fluid dripping down his thighs and making them glisten as he climbed onto the bed. Steve shrugged his robe off as he stood up and his brain short-circuited when he caught sight of the other man. The Omega was on his knees with his chest pressed to the bed, giving him what he assumed was his best ‘come-hither’ look and oh was it working.
“I don’t know if you know this,” Steve said, squeezing the cheeks in his hand. “But you have an amazing ass.”
“Oh sorry, I forgot you were there,” the man said innocently and grinned when Steve scoffed at him. He was just messing around now and the Alpha was getting impatient. Maybe he could give him some incentive to move to the bed and get this round finished up before they both got too uncomfortable.
sink back onto Steve’s erection with a moan. He dropped his head back with a sharp inhale but leaned it up again to watch himself disappear inch by inch into the Omega. Once the man was settled on him, he clenched around him and Steve groaned, hands shifting to dig into his partner’s hips.
“Come on--” the Omega protested as he tried to catch his breath. The man pushed his hips back into Steve and obviously was trying to help get him over the edge. There was still a desperate edge to his voice even though he must be sensitive. “Give it to me. Knot me. Fill me up.”
“I have this room set up for you, Captain,” Harrison said, opening the door and gesturing him inside. “There are robes for both you in here and again, all the supplies are provided.”
“Firstly, all the Omegas here are volunteers. They have a set a price for their company for the night. Some are here often, some only come once. It’s completely at their discretion,” Harrison began, gesturing for Steve to follow him and he opened the nearest door. The room beyond it was empty but tastefully styled. Clearly, it was set up as a demo room instead of one that was used for clients. Or maybe they just limited the amount of rooms they used when there was only one client present. “The majority of our Omega clients prefer to remain anonymous. Many of them are powerful men and women who would prefer their reputation not be sullied by rumors of affairs with random Alphas.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve replied with grin, echoing the man from earlier and the Omega returned the look over his shoulder. He loosened his grip to let the man feel like he was more in control and was rewarded with him lifting up, then sinking back down on Steve again with a pleased hum of appreciation. He shifted his hips upward and he didn’t see any reason he couldn’t wiggle just like a certain Omega. All’s fair, as far as he was concerned.
“Our selection process is unique. If you turn your attention to this wall,” he pointed and Steve followed his hand to a wall with ten empty circles cut out of it. “There are rooms down the hall where these holes are not empty. An Omega will be presenting themselves in each hole. You are welcome to touch, feel, tease, whatever you desire, to pick an Omega. You then may choose to claim them here or pay for them for the evening.”
portion– but that was the point of this and the only way for them to remain anonymous so Steve couldn’t bring himself to feel bad about it.
“If you wish to purchase an Omega for the evening, simply come to the intercom and let us know,” the man continued. “We have rooms upstairs we can arrange for you so you are more comfortable. Of course, the Omega will have to approve you before they will join you, as the decision is ultimately theirs, but I don’t think this will be a problem for you.”
He didn’t waste anymore time on chit chat and instead lined himself back up to sink into the man one more time. He groaned and leaned over, pinning the Omega to the bed and only waiting a moment before he started thrusting into the man. His pace was hard and faster than anything up until now but his angle was better. Every thrust was nice and deep, dragging the head of his cock against the man’s prostate with each jerk on purpose. It was even better than having him sprawled over his lap. The Omega moaned beneath him, hands digging into the sheets and Steve’s breathing turned heavy as he chased his release relentlessly.
He was nobody right now. He trusted that his Omega wouldn’t recognize him and certainly wouldn’t out him to the world. If they turned that information into the media, they were just asking to have themselves revealed as well and he doubted anyone paying for anonymous sex was comfortable with that idea. However, he could see Fury frowning at the idea that he had the opportunity to cover himself and didn’t so it was probably better to go along with it.
“Thank you, I appreciate it,” Steve said, hoping that he sounded polite even though he was impatient. He knew that they needed to go through all of this and he genuinely appreciated all the care they put into making sure both parties were safe.
Steve was on the bed in a matter of moments and his hands ghosted up over the outside of the man’s thighs and ass. Gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous. “No biting, I promise.”
“Thank you,” he repeated and was relieved when the man finally closed the door so he could strip down. He tugged the robe off the holder and tied it loosely around himself. He inspected the blue mask before sliding it on over his eyes and he found it to be fairly comfortable. It fit well and didn’t move far even with his experimental jostling. All there was to do now was wait.
“I hope it won’t be,” he replied with a smile. Harrison was giving him that same amused smile as earlier. They wouldn’t know his name or occupation but they would be able to see him and he was certainly a great Alpha specimen. He could have easily taken home any Omega he crossed paths with but the anonymity of this was appealing. The thought of someone denying themselves the chance to sleep with him in any fashion seemed rather silly but there was always that possibility. He just needed to convince them in advance that they would have a good time with him. He didn’t think that would be a problem either.
“Nah, I’m good,” the Omega flashed him a grin and wiped up what he could with the cloth. “I’ll make sure Harrison knows you’re mine. That way I don’t have to worry about you picking someone else.”
Steve pressed his thumb back to the Omega’s hole and rubbed around the ring of it once, twice, three times before pushing it in just past the tip of his thumb. He could hear the man on the other side of the wall groan and felt him push against the intrusion, demanding more, but he wasn’t going to find it just yet. Instead, Steve hooked his thumb slightly and just tugged on the man’s entrance, stretching it without opening him the rest of the way. There was a moan of protest that he ignored in favor of tugging the man’s opening to the right and Steve bit his bottom lip as he watched the Omega’s muscles flex.
“Lean back,” he ordered, tugging the man so his back was laying flush with his chest and the Omega straightened his legs out without too much protest to make things more comfortable.
Above him, the Omega shifted one last time and picked up the pace, rolling his hips to impale himself again and again on Steve’s erection. He groaned watching himself disappear in the other man, inch by inch and the Omega didn’t even hesitate to lift up again and again. He was wonderfully tight around the Alpha and Steve was happy to watch the man’s back and ass muscles flex as he slid up and down. The moans coming out of the other man were delicious and he was essentially doing it to himself, which made them even better.
“We have multiple rooms of Omegas ready and waiting. I will warn you that some of the rooms have Omegas that are in heat,” the man said, stepping back out in the hallway with Steve just behind him. “I could narrow it down for you?”
This Omega. He was something else. Something absolutely wonderful. Steve jerked his hips sporadically, heat pooling in his gut and the other man clenched right as he hit deep and that was all it took for him to come. He felt the Omega force his hips higher so the angle was deeper as Steve jerked his hips shallowly, emptying himself and then he yanked the man’s ass flush with his front when he felt his knot start to swell.
“Yes--god yes,” the other man groaned. Steve was impressed that he could understand him around all the moaning that the man was doing. He groaned against his ear as he pumped his hips and the Alpha grinned when the Omega beneath him stiffened, spilling himself on the sheets beneath them. He stroked and squeezed his cock until the man was empty, then focused on himself.
He slid his thumb back out and around the man’s entrance one more time before he moved that hand to his fly to unbutton and unzip himself. He kept the other hand on the Omega’s ass to make sure he knew that Steve was still behind him but he needed to free himself from his pants and he wasted no time digging into his underwear to pull his erection out into the air. He groaned in relief at even the minor amount of friction from his hand and couldn’t resist pumping himself a couple of times. Steve exhaled slowly and dropped his hand from his erection, leaving it to bob slightly now that it was free.
There were chairs and sofas facing the wall so the Alpha - or Alphas based on the mention of the galas earlier--present could sit and admire the view of all the Omegas that were currently presenting to him. It was a wonderful sight. Steve imagined there were plenty of Alphas that sat on the cushioned sofa and took themselves in hand before doing anything else. The thought was incredibly tempting but he wasn’t here to get off on the anticipation of having an Omega. He wanted to find one he could have for the night.
He released his grip entirely to pull back for the supplies mentioned before and he could actually hear the man’s sound of protest from the other side of the wall. Sometimes, it was nice to be blessed with super soldier hearing. He patted the man’s ass lightly in reassurance that he would be back and rummaged around in one of the baskets. He pocketed a couple of condoms even though the sign by the man’s number said he didn’t require them and also grabbed a bottle of lube. Omegas could certainly get slick enough on their own and he didn’t think it would be a problem for this one, but it never hurt to have anyway. He just wanted it on hand before he was too enamored in what he was doing to pull away.
The man on the other side of the wall was squirming enough to be obvious and he grinned, running his tongue over his bottom lip as he gave the man’s opening another light tug. He squeezed the ass cheek he was holding with his other hand as he did and was thrilled by the muffled moan it earned him. He really did love being able to hear the response and thought that maybe they should put in speakers to make it more obvious for those Alphas that wanted to hear their partner. He would certainly make sure to suggest it for next time. For now, he would just have to appreciate his super soldier hearing.
“Would you would prefer a male or female Omega this evening?” the other man asked and he recalled checking the box that stated he didn’t have an immediate preference. “You may, of course, change your mind if you don’t find any that suit you.”
“Yes. Yes… yesss,” the Omega groaned beneath him, going boneless as the Alpha knotted him and twisting his head from side to side as he was stretched to the brim. Steve groaned and slumped over the man’s back, trying to support himself on his elbows on either side as the pressure mounted. So tight. So very tight.  His chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath. The other man was mumbling random words and still moaning if he shifted even a little bit but Steve hardly registered them. He nuzzled the Omega’s hair and pressed a kiss to the side of his head but it certainly didn’t seem like the man needed any reassurance from him.
He laughed in response and it cut off in a groan when the Omega wrapped his hand around his erection without any warning. Steve grunted and leaned up far enough to grab the man’s ass to pull him forward. It made the other man grin but he didn’t protest being pulled forward and he didn’t let go of Steve either.
“You’ll find our rooms to be organized rather well. You filled out a questionnaire upon making this appointment so I have already set up two rooms that will fit those preferences,” Harrison explains and Steve vaguely remembered filling out a survey of extremely personal and specific questions. They ranged from the simple ‘What color hair do you prefer?’ to ‘What size is your dick?’ to the even more specific ‘How much do you enjoy ‘insert sex position here’?’. Steve left some of the answers blank as he didn’t have an opinion and it took him the better part of an hour to fill out.
“Not the point,” the Omega responds, untying Steve’s robe and throwing it open. He leaned back, obviously to admire the view and gave the Alpha a grin of his own. He reached down to rub a hand over Steve’s abs and chest. “It must be my lucky day.”
“Your Omega will have a mask on,” the man continued. “They are generally masquerade style and fit quite nicely so they don’t fall off on accident. Please do not remove it. We have provided one for you to wear as well.”
“I think this room will be the best fit for you. There is a switch to your left as you enter. Please turn it on. It will signal to the Omegas that you are present and the light outside the door will turn on so no one disturbs you. It shouldn’t be an issue since you are alone but it’s still an excellent precaution. Take as long as you would like.”
“The comfort of our Omegas is incredibly important to us. They are our clients just the same as Alphas. The other side of the building works in reverse. Sometimes Alphas prefer to just be serviced, without any expectations on their part and there are Omegas who are more than happy to provide that experience for them,” Harrison shut the door and gave him a warm smile. Steve took it as an invitation to try that out in the future and who knows? He just might. Tonight, however, he was perfectly happy to be in charge.
“The man nodded and lead him down one of the side hallways. “We also take the Omegas preferences into account. They fill out a similar survey and we try to match them with Alphas that will scratch their particular itch as well.”
“If I didn’t have somewhere to be, I’d stay right here all night,” the Omega murmured, wiggling his hips and flexing again. He was driving Steve crazy and obviously on purpose because he moaned when another orgasm wracked the Alpha. “Put that nice big cock of yours to good use.”
Being Captain America did have its perks and when it came to this, he figured it was harmless to use his status to get what he wanted. Was it wrong to want an Omega to share his bed for a night? He didn’t think his current profession or schedule was conducive to having a mate. He was gone on missions at odd hours, sometimes for weeks at a time and he didn’t think that would be very fair to a partner. He might not like the idea of a one-night stand but it was going to have to do. He didn’t have much of a choice.
When he was content with how easily one finger slid in and out again, he made sure to slick the second before adding it alongside the first. The muffled moans from the other side were louder and the Omega jerked back against his hand to no avail. He couldn’t get Steve to move any faster than he wanted to move and currently that was nice and slow. The Alpha was good sized, even bigger with a knot, and he wasn’t going to rush this. The Omega needed to be nice and stretched before they moved on to the real fun.
“Come here often?” the man under him said breathlessly and he couldn’t see the smile on the man’s face but he was pretty sure he could hear it.
Maybe it was egotistical of him but he thought he was well worth the wait. Steve didn’t need to add more lube to add his fourth finger. The Omega was doing well enough with creating his own at this point that it slipped in easily and he was careful with the first few easy thrusts of them, keeping them tight so he could stretch him gradually. It probably said something that the Omega didn’t seem to have much trouble taking four and in fact, continued to happily thrust back against his hand as much as he could in response. Even so, Steve took his time stretching him out and spreading his fingers to make sure he was open enough for him. He bit his lower lip again and pulled his hand out to slick his erection, taking a deep breath to summon the willpower he needed for his next little tease.
“Of course,” Harrison responded and Steve flipped the switch off, opening the door as the man approached with another one tailing him. “If you’ll follow me, my assistant will speak with your chosen Omega.”
One of them stood out and yes, it was one of the ones wiggling but it caught his attention more because of the absolute perfectness of the man’s ass than the actual movement. Most certainly one he would want framed if he was the sort to decorate his wall with Omega pin ups. It was round, appeared wonderfully firm from where he was standing and there was only a slight, but perfect, bounce to it when the man wiggled.
He took the right cheek of the man’s ass in hand and he massaged it with his fingers, kneading the muscles with slow, smooth movements. He alternated the massaging with squeezing and long rolls of his palm against the bare white canvas in front of him. The Alpha spent several minutes on this routine before dropped his right hand to grab the left side and do the same thing. Who didn’t enjoy a nice butt massage?
The Omega clenched hard around him, squeezing his knot and letting out another moan of appreciation. Steve inhaled sharply, a low groan escaping him at the feeling and damn if he didn’t almost come again just from that little motion. It was impossibly easy to come while knotting just because of how overly sensitive he found himself. Of course, the knot was meant for breeding during a heat but that didn’t apply at that moment. All it was going to do right now was fill the Omega full of fluid and make a mess, which sounded delightful enough to Steve.
“Just admiring the view,” he said with a sly smile. He didn’t mind that the Omega was incredibly forward and quite a bit more domineering than he was used to but to be fair, most of his previous partners knew he was Captain America. There weren’t a lot of Omegas that would try to boss around an Alpha and he definitely noticed a difference when they knew his reputation. This was perfect because the Omega in his lap didn’t have any idea that he was in the presence of a living legend.
Well, he would just have to wait. Steve was having fun and entertaining himself. Really, it was the man’s fault for having such a nice ass. It just asked to be admired. He used his fingertips to lightly stroke along the top and down both sides. Another impatient wiggle earned the ass in question a light, playful slap of warning to knock it off. The Omega responded by doing it again and all he could was imagine the cheeky grin he was probably getting on the other side of the wall. At the challenge, the Omega earned another light slap and Steve grinned when the man pushed back against his hand. This one was fun already and they had barely even started.
hair.” Steve squirms, looking at them uncomfortably. “I only gave them nerf guns. And they’re not even the awesome kind.”
“—me to come home to New York for an entire week. Oh my god, Dad. This is what that was about? Because you didn’t want Steve to meet me?”
"Home is…" Steve looks outside again. He remembers the photo of his parents, his mother holding him up. They both looked so proud. And perhaps they had been. Perhaps they still are. "Home is you. And Peter."
Tony once told Tommy and his brother about the time he had spent an afternoon with their grandfather back in Sokovia.
"I had my theories," Tony replies. "I thought it was Pietro at first. That boy really misses Clint. And his sister. But I don't know, it didn't feel right."
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝     H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ       Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘  E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ   Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝      H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
But Tony notices of course. Of course he does. He places a hand on Tommy’s, the one still resting on the top of his own head.
It had been the red nose—hah!—that Billy had noticed first. Then the way Tommy had closed the door when he got back from his exercise that morning. It had been uncharacteristically soft. Then they had locked eyes and it had suddenly been “serve your big brother pancakes, puny one!” He would’ve let it go, if not for the fact that Tommy had kept walking back and forth through the hallway leading to the bedrooms. At first, Billy had thought he was going in and out of his room. But he had let Teddy take a peek, and Tommy had just been standing in front of Tony’s door, feet shuffling and hands flailing.
Tony sucks in a breath through his teeth, then exhales through flaring nostrils. He gestures for Tommy to calm down, evening out his breathing for his son to follow. “Tommy,” Tony says, “let me speak.”
When Steve has taken his leave, one quiet step after another, Tony allows his lips to wobble and his eyes to sting. He waits five more minutes before getting out of his bed and walking over to Peter’s, careful of the wires and the tubes surrounding him. He places an arm over Peter’s chest and makes himself comfortable without jostling the bed too much. As much as he wants to shake Peter awake, he knows there’s no going back from that display of desperation. All the bottled-up emotions will come spilling out, and the rest of the Avengers—whatever’s left of them, that is—will have to deal with the damage Tony inflicts on himself and on them. And Tony doesn’t want to make them go through that again, not when the cost of it is right in front of him.
Because Steve is pushing him to head to bed. Pushing him to sleep. And persistent Steve is one thing. Persistent Steve is something that isn’t exactly a secret to the rest of the team—although Tony does have a slightly altered version of persistent Steve that’s just a little bit softer and sweeter.
Tony has no problem with his sons mentioning their mother. And he has no problem telling them stories about her. Stories that he had been told, stories that he had been there for. She had been a fantastic woman, someone Tony wishes he could have met sooner and became better friends with. Now, Tony can only really see her in the eyes of his sons.
Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPḺ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
He moves on to Steve’s suit, new prototypes for his shield, Clint’s arrows. Hell, even a new gun for Rocket in case they make their way back to Earth.
He is expecting to see their usual nurse, a young woman by the name of Beth, short but lean and a little flighty. She has gotten used to Tony’s unkempt nature in the span of a few hours after being assigned as his son’s nurse, though Tony thinks he should probably take a shower first thing in the morning as to not bother Beth with whatever smell he reeks of. However, as Tony raises his head to greet Beth with a smile, he finds that it isn’t Beth at all.
“I told you not to call me Uncle. I’m not old like Clint.” Pietro places both hands on his hips as he watches Peter unwrap his present. “Well, what do you think?”
All of them have been a target, Tony more so than the rest. All, that is, except Steve. Because in America’s eyes, their darling hero couldn’t have done wrong. So Steve, obviously, had had to prove them otherwise.
"I was just a baby, Pete." Steve chuckles and lets Peter resume eating his sandwich. He kisses Tony on the lips, a dab of mustard coating the edge of them as Tony is in the middle of chewing. A small trace of it transfers on to Steve and he wipes it off with a flick of his tongue.
put us in therapy, so that’s another point for him.” Billy scratches his head in frustration, tousling up his hair and smoothing it back down. He continues, “it’s just...he put off dating for so long I thought he was finally done with it. And I can’t lie, a part of me was a little relieved. I know you know how awful his exes were. How awful Vic...how awful they
"Leave the tablet. JARVIS will run a scan around my perimeter so no-one mugs me while I sleep," Tony says, eyes still closed.
Tony gives the room a quick once-over as he listens to Tommy. Steve, Sam, and Bucky are all keeping themselves busy in the kitchen, putting chips in bowls, mixing a few drinks—none of which are for Tony’s consumption, he’ll have water, thank you—and bringing out plates and glasses and napkins. Steve reheats the chili they had prepared the previous day, and when Tony gets a whiff of it, his mouth waters. “Uhuh. A party. Right.”
“I was just…” He points his thumb in the general direction of their house while the other hand is hidden behind his back. He moves to pull the said hand out. “Here.”
“Holy. Shit. Never change, J,” Rhodey says from behind Tony’s shoulder, while Tony laughs and shakes his head in disbelief.
“The Parkers...ah, hm. Let’s not get into it so much. We were given a choice. They thought they gave us a choice, and I suppose a part of me wanted a choice. A kid is a big responsibility. The letter only said that Tony was to provide you with financial aid, should anything happen to the Parkers. Your real...well, not real. Not any realer than me and Dad. Your biological parents and Tony’s parents, your grandpa and grandma...ah, nothing is coming out right.”
“Yeah? It was a few months later when I went to visit him in Sokovia, as a surprise, that I found out about Wanda and...and Billy and Tommy. Wanda knew about me. Of course she did. She saw me before Victor did, when I got there, and she didn’t...she didn’t
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPŃ̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Partners had been sparse after his marriage ended—his sons’ ex-stepdad (try saying that ten times, because Tony refuses to say his name) hadn’t left a good taste in Tony’s mouth, and it had lingered, no matter what Tony had done to wash it off his tongue. When partners had sprung up, and they had, Tony had kept his bed half-empty, much to their chagrin.
“They… they didn’t, Pete… I—” Except they did. Because Steve isn’t strong enough. And they put him in a chamber, a poor excuse of an imitation of Tony’s technology—and they put him inside and they wouldn’t let him out—
“You can thank yourself for that. You have one too, you know.” He flicks the spot with his forefinger and Steve barely reacts.
“Did you know my bio-dad’s name is Vision?” Tommy tells Steve. “That’s such a weird name, right? And he took my mom’s last name when they got married. Sometimes I think he wasn’t a real person, but photos have proven otherwise.”
That’s the real memory that lingers because it’s what was and is real to Steve. It’s Tony who is real.
“Okay," Tommy says, though Tony can't figure out if his boy is disappointed or afraid or both. "Yeah, fine. Just… if you do that, be careful. Make Aunt Pepper run a background check or something. And don’t go on dating apps.”
Steve shakes his head as he opens the gift from the couple in question. “Holy shit,” Steve exclaims. He gently holds a new set of paintbrushes as if they’re made of precious gems. “These are crazy expensive. They’re made out of
“It was mostly deers and rabbits. Steve said they performed just two or three human sacrifices during his reign as High Priest.”
Peter sinks lower into the bed, settling snuggly under the covers, surrounded by his dads' warmth. "What kind of story?"
“Feeling...distracted,” Tony admits. “But yeah. A little. I feel better. But nothing too different yet.”
Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
Tommy feels suspended in time, and Tony, unmoving, his face in perpetual shock, only locks him deeper into the feeling. They look at each other, eyes wide and mouth agape, the same expression but for different reasons. Tommy isn’t quite sure how that managed to escape his lips, and he can only imagine how that must’ve felt for Tony to hear. Tommy doesn’t realize he has stopped breathing until Tony releases a breath of his own, and Tommy follows suit.
“Tony, please,” Tony replies. He makes a beeline towards the coffee pot and pours himself a full mug of black coffee. He inhales the aroma and that in itself is enough to alleviate the headache if only for a little while. Sitting opposite Noh-Varr, he takes a small sip of his drink. “I’m sorry about yesterday.”
“I should be the one apologizing,” Tony says, pouting. He looks away from Steve and starts picking at the hem of his boxers, pulling at a loose thread. “I don’t wanna hide you away, Steve. I really don’t. Especially not to my sons.”
“Tell me it’s not okay,” Tony says, and with every word, his heart breaks. “Tell me you aren’t fine with it, either of you, and I’ll end it.”
“Nah. Together for only seven months now, but they were close before that. My dad advised him for the majority of his post-graduate thesis.”
When the song played, Steve was able to pull Peggy into his arms, the two of them swaying gently in time. It wasn't like the old swing dancing or even anything above just the gentle steps that moved them in circles. Steve still didn't know how to dance and he's pretty sure there wasn't enough time now for Peggy to teach him, like she had promised.
Steve gave Nat a look, who sighed, squeezed his arm once more, before taking a step back. "I'm pretty sure one of the revisions Tony made first was that they couldn't throw us in the Raft, no matter what Ross says. Hopefully, we'll get to visit."
"Oh no you don't!" Sam yelled at his back as Steve took off sprinting, laughing into the open air as he heard Sam try to catch up. Steve ignored his lungs burning from something other than running, feeling like an asthma attack coming on, and pushed himself to his body's full potential. He made it to the tree that Sam had been sitting at when they had first talked, leaning against it as he watched Sam sprint the last amount of meters to him. He hadn't fallen as far back as Steve would have thought.
Bucky waved him off, his flesh hand coming back up to rest on his shoulder. "None of that. I'm with you till the end of the line, Pal, remember? If I hadn't gone to war to watch over your scrawny, stubborn ass, who would have? None of this is your fault, Steve.
was whispered into his lips and Steve felt like his heart was getting ripped from his chest. He didn't deserve this.
"Hey, Punk, thought I told you to wait for me while I handled the bill. Gail was getting real excited about going dancing with the one and only
Tony's smirking face invaded Steve's vision, clearly knowing what he was thinking about. The man leaned down and captured Steve's lips with his own, the kiss starting chaste but turning dirty soon after. Steve tried to stop himself, tried to tell himself that Tony was with
"I'm Captain America, the Golden boy, of course I'll get visitors," Steve scoffed, keeping his voice light and joking. Natasha just gave him a look, before she was turning away and making her way out of the bathroom.
"I'll see you later, Nat," he watched her smile, nod, then deftly make her way to the elevator. He turned back to stare out the windows.
He walked the couple of feet to Natasha. She was wearing her suit from the last time he had saw her, her hair braided beautiful on the back of her head, half red, half blonde. She didn't look at him when he came to a stop beside her, their shoulders brushing. "You know, I didn't exactly mean this when I said
He let himself drift, thinking about how much more peaceful this time was, unlike when he went into the ice in 1945.
in his ears (even though they were supposed to have caught all of Hydra's people), and shoots him three times in the abdomen. The pain is excruciating, whiting out the world and he can't breathe. He can't suck any air into his lungs, he thinks he's falling. Everyone is yelling or moving, the bullets are still embedded into his flesh, and it hurts to move.
"Megi Halls í Valhalla bjóða þig velkominn, bróðir. Þú hefur verið verðugur vinur á þessum tíma. Það hefur verið heiður að berjast við hliðina á þér, skipstjóri," Thor said, his voice low and his eyes sad. Though, there was no tears in them. Steve assumed that he had seen people fall on the battlefield more than Steve had in World War II. "May the Halls of Valhalla welcome you, brother. You have been a worthy friend in this time. It has been an honour to fight beside you, Captain."
"And what happened in Budapest, Clint?" Thor asked, raising an eyebrow as he looked between Nat and Clint. Steve's eyes never left Tony's face, watching the lose posture and simple way that Tony trusted everyone in the room. Some more than others, sure. But there was that level of trust that was missing in 2023.
"Why don't you give it a little more time," Natasha said, her voice soft. Her hand was still resting on Steve's arm, trying to give him the comfort he desperately wanted from someone else. But, he wasn't just doing this so that Tony could have the team back. Both Clint and Scott had families they had to get back to, and Sam had the VA. Plus, Wanda was missing Vision, no matter how much she was denying it. The two of them had something happening before the fight at the airport happened, and Steve felt the familiar guilt settle low in his gut of dragging all of them into his battle.
Steve watched as Sarah, who had been keeled over from the first hit, raise to her feet and say something about going to the foreman with clear eyes. The next smack was not surprising, but Steve still winced and felt a burning rage settle in his gut, his fists clenching beside his sides. He went to take a step forward but was blocked by some invisible force. He watched in pride as his mom, who had been gripping her face, straightened out, blood running from her nose and lip, answering Joseph's
A second past, another beat of the song, and Peggy used the hand hand that was resting on Steve's shoulder to cup his cheek and pull him down into a sweet kiss. A goodbye kiss. It only lasted a second before Peggy was pulling away, giving him a sad smile. And, as the final notes of the song played, she laid her head on his chest, listening to his heart beating in his chest.
he had said echoing in Steve's brain and then before that in Siberia. Neither were happy moments. Yet, when Tony turned to look at Steve from his phone, probably scrolling through Stark Industries emails from Pepper, Steve could only feel fondness when he saw the motor oil Tony had missed on the side of his jaw.
"I think I lost your hammer," Steve told Thor, trying to go for lighthearted but missing the mark. His voice only came out tired and hoarse, it almost being too much effort to speak. However, he held his hand up, trying to find the will to call Mjolnir to his side. Thor caught his hand to stop him, smiling sadly at him.
"Baby, please talk to me," Tony said gently, his hands trying to be soothing on the tense muscles of Steve's back. It felt like sandpaper scraping over his skin, tearing the skin up and leaving wounds in their place. Steve just shook his head more, clamping his eyes shut even more tightly. "Steve, it's alright, you're going to be alright. You're in the Compound and if you need Bucky or Sam or Nat they're just a shout away."
"No, Tony," he said, maybe a little brokenly. "You don't. And that's-" he wheezed, tried to get a breath in, to finish this before he couldn't anymore. "-that's okay. The world-" a shallow breath, "needs Iron Man." The air felt heavy as he breathed it in, "It doesn't need-" it was getting really hard to breath now, "-Steve Rogers."
Sarah leaned down to the Steve cowering under the table and coaxed him out. Steve watched his younger self throw his arms around his mom and burrow his tear stained face into her shoulder. Sarah soothed her son by running a hand through his hair until he was able to talk, to which he then pulled away and asked between sobs still wracking his tiny body, "Wh-why didn't you j-just stay down, mama?"
Tony comes on the fourth day. He's not in the Iron Man suit, but he is in a three piece and a pair of sunglasses are settled firmly over his brown eyes that Steve knows is a way to hide them. Tony's eyes have always been expressive, and Steve wants to reach through the bars and slip them off, tuck them firmly in the breast pocket of his suit jacket. He doesn't. He lost the right to do that when he slammed the shield down into the armor's chest. Steve's pretty sure that it's now Pepper's job again, if the news is anything to go by. He tries not to let that thought hurt him.
After their hugs and advice, he hefted the dufflebag of clothes onto his shoulder, fixing the cap better over his hair, and sent one last wave of goodbye. Then came the flight back to the U.S., sitting in the back of the plane and keeping his head down.
. "You promised you weren't going to wake up for your run. I have no meetings today, nothing pulling me to the lab or R&D. It's Sunday. I want to sleep in and then have lazy morning sex with you." The next words made a shiver run down Steve's spine, "You're hopefully still a little loose from last night."
again. Whatever it is that has been communicated between them, he knows that whatever Tony is about to do, he can't let it happen. In what feels like a bought of adrenaline, the ice still sitting firmly in Steve's lungs, making it hard to breathe but somehow easier as well, he's closing the distance where Thanos and Tony are fighting for the gauntlet.
On the other side, the shield Tony had repaired propped up behind the same kind of glass, not a scratch nor crack nor chip in the paint.
Steve didn't care about Ross or Nick, just focused on Tony. He was in another suit, all crisp lines and stoic expression. Steve didn't even realize he was stalling, standing on the curb side, to take in Tony in full until an agent shoved at his shoulder and he was forced to take a step forward.
"Cap? Nat?" Tony spoke quietly. Steve saw Nat's eyes flicker to Tony for a moment, before she looked back at Steve. She raised a hand, patted his cheek twice, before pushing him to look at Tony. The man in question was looking at them with a concerned kind of confusion on his face, his eyes expressing the emotion more than his expression ever could. It was so easy to read Tony if you were able to see his eyes. "Please don't tell me that you two have some kind of psychic link, too. I can barely take Clint and Natasha knowing every move the other is going to make."
Zemo's planned had worked. To tear the Avengers apart, all you needed to do was pit Tony and Steve against each other. Especially on a matter that they both disagreed with. The Sokovia Accords had only pulled the tension taunt between them, it hadn't been what broke them apart. They probably could have negotiated and made them acceptable for everyone to sign (as long as Ross had nothing to do with them). No. Adding Bucky into the equation, the only connection Steve had from is past, his best friend, and Steve would lose his mind, be that little guy from Brooklyn all over again. He was fiercely protective of him, especially since he already lost him, and Zemo had exploited that.
"Steve?" Peggy asked, her voice close to tears, wet and disbelieving. Not able to help himself, Steve opened the screen door and stepped into the house, letting it slam shut behind him. He looked around, let her process some more as he stared at the pictures of her husband and her with friends -- even some of the Commandos. There was also loads of more room on the walls and surfaces for more pictures and Steve knew almost immediately that the two of them were planning on having a family.
Tony was using his callused hand to drag his gaze back to his and then pushing their mouths together. Steve didn't have the energy to push him away or kiss him back.
Steve knocked on the frame, waiting to see the brunette, who showed up in the hallway connecting the house to the door and outside world, lips painted that familiar crimson she always had it. Her hair was longer, but Peggy looked the same. Tough and determined, the small hint of softness that you should never think of as a weakness because she'd prove you wrong a thousand times over. She was never weak.
"I'm sorry, Tony," Steve tells him, breathless. But not the good kind, like after Tony's kisses. He can't get any air into his lungs, it's escaping him like the blood is. Tony's shaking his head, yelling at someone to hurry up, to get Cap out of here and to the hospital. Steve doesn't really understand a lot of anything right now, the figures moving around him too fast and the world is too bright and everything is too loud. He feels himself getting tired, his limps getting heavy. "I'm sorry."
But Tony's there. Tony's holding him, pushing his hand into the wound in his chest and begging him to stay still, keep his eyes on him, people are coming. It's all blurring together in Steve's mind, and he wonders faintly why the serum isn't working. He can usually feel his blood pumping to get the skin knitted back together, but he can't feel anything but the pain and the warmth of Tony's solid form holding him close.
"Recovering," Tony's voice is tight. It's to be expected. Rhodes is one of his oldest friends. And all the years he was flying in the Air Force before he put on the War Machine armor can never prepare him or his loved ones for something like this to happen. Even if it was accidental. Especially when it's accidental.
Steve knows something is wrong as soon as he exits the vehicle they drove him. It has nothing to do with the crowd of people that have gathered, half yelling about how he was right about the Accords or about how Bucky Barnes was a prisoner of war and if they only read all of the SHIELD/Hydra files that were dumped onto the Internet, they'd understand. The other half was yelling for him to sign the Accords and then Bucky should be put into jail for his crimes, at the very least.
he had told Tony, standing up, exhausted physically and emotionally from defending Bucky from Tony and Tony from his guilt.
he heaved to himself, his asthma acting up as he ran through the training drills behind everyone else.
A hand landed firmly on his shoulder, bringing his attention back to where he was. Steve turned to see Bucky standing there, looking at him with an expression of confusion. And like everything, Bucky was like his old self. His hair was cut in the short way he had it in the War, his face was clean-shaven, and there was no metal arm. Plus, his eyes were alight with something that hasn't been there since the War, something that made Steve's heart clench hard in his chest. Thinking back to these days always hurt because Bucky had been so young -- they both had been -- but all the pain hadn't been there. Bucky could still look at the world around him and see hope, not like when he was the Winter Soldier. The light that was in his blue eyes was starting to come back in the future, but it would never be as prominent as it was in the '40s.
Steve took a moment to think, looking around the room. He knew it wasn't because he was still in love with Peggy. He still loved her -- he thinks he always will -- but it had faded when he had gotten used to the future. Peggy would always be a big part of his life, his first love, but she had also moved on. He needed to respect that. She was happy here, with Daniel. Probably way more than she could ever be with him.
Tony had went through the battlefield, combed through the whole thing, the find the broken pieces of the shield. It sat up there, whole, not a single scratch or crack on it. The memorial not been a quick thing, had took months of planning and building and each remaining original Avenger had gotten a say on how it was designed. It was sculpted out of some kind of beautiful rock, strong, a square column standing solitary in the new Compound's entrance where everyone could see it and walk by.
As for Bucky, he'd have to figure that out after he was sure the brainwashing had been wiped from his mind. Steve would be forever grateful and in T'Challa's and Shuri's debt.
They put him back into his suit for the trial. It's dirty, the reds turned brown, the blue now navy, the white stained. He peeled the star off of his chest during a bought of anger at himself, as well as anything to do with the Avengers. The sleeves had been ruined during a mission, so he had to shorten them to his forearm, but he still had the leather, fingerless gloves. SHIELD agents surround him, his hands handcuffed behind his back again. Ross, Tony, and Nick stand at the top of the courthouse steps, even more SHIELD agents surrounding them.
Steve had waited until Tony was a little better, but asleep before he entered the room, delicately placed the device on the table, whispered "
"You know, just because I use a bow and arrow doesn't mean you can compare me to Katniss Everdeen," Clint said, faking exasperation as the movie cued up on Tony's once-state of the art T.V. Steve remember he used to watch it with such interest because they never had anything like that in the '40s. And now he hates himself for all that time living in the past when he could have been looking toward the future and the present. Tony should have made him get a life. "She's way cooler than me, that would disgrace her name and the struggles she went through to get to where she is. She fought in a rebellion, I shoot arrows at aliens. She saved Panem, I could never be on that level."
Steve proclaimed, standing up for the younger boy who some bullies had been picking on, directing their harsh punches and even harsher words on to him.
sensation. He stared at Sam's hand, could see the fabric of his short bunch where Sam was squeezing, but his nerves didn't seem to be firing.
Everyone was there. Clint had managed to score the single chair that reclined, smiling widely at Steve as he waved his fingers at him. He was wearing plain blue sweatpants and a regular t-shirt, obviously ready to either pass out during the movie or make it to his floor to pass out after. Thor and Bruce made up the love seat. The Asgardian was wearing pajama pants that had stars and planets on them, his shirt white, his long hair pulled up into a comfortable bun away from his face. Steve thought it was nice to see him taking car of himself, seeing him open and happy. Especially after the last five years. Bruce was dressed a lot like Clint, but was wearing purple pants. They all knew it was a joke between them, because of the Hulk's purple stretchy pants, but nobody made a comment about it. Maybe Tony had scoffed at the sight, but that was really it.
"I don't expect him to forgive me," Steve told her seriously, no matter how much it ached in his chest to admit. He hoped Tony forgave him. It was wishful thinking, but
"You okay there, Cap?" Tony asked, from where he was in the space between kitchen and living room. Steve turned back to him and tried to smile, his eyes checking Tony's body one last time for any hints of pain or tenseness. He looked content, Captain America mug in hand.
When he landed in New York, he took off his hat and glasses, stuffed them in his duffle, ran a hand through his hair, and walked outside with his hands raised. He was greeted with the police and agents he expected, knows they were called the minute he was recognized. Steve let four of them walk forward, take his bag before slapping on the handcuffs and reading him his rights.
Steve stepped forward, holding his hand out and shaking Daniel's hand. "An honor to meet you, sir," Daniel told him, looking a little awestruck at shaking his hand. Steve noticed the crutch, didn't mention it, smiling back at him. He was truly glad that Peggy had been able to find the happiness she deserved.
Steve opened his eyes, his eyebrows furrowing when he was back in New York. And not the New York that he had gotten used to, with the cars and the sidewalks filled with people on cellphones, Avengers Tower in the distance. Instead, there were children playing in the street, one calling out a warning as an old car came slowly down the road. A boy with a flat cap and a fabric sack rushed by, newspaper waving as he hollered about what the headlines were on that particular day.
The world changed back to the Avengers' Tower living room, Nat looking at him with tears flooding her vision and a sad smile on her face. Distantly, Clint and Bruce were trying to explain the plot to Thor about what the Hunger Games was about. He wondered if Thor and Bruce thought about it while on Sakaar (or wherever Bruce and Thor had went in their tale of how Asgard got destroyed by Thor's older sister).
Steve let his own hands roam, feel the expanse of skin that was Tony's back, the lean muscles he has from all the time spent in the lab. He didn't tense when he felt Tony's callused finger trace the seam of his ass or finger at the ring of muscle there. No, what made him fucking tense up was the feeling of the arc reactor sitting in Tony's chest. Tony made a disappointed noise when Steve pulled back, stared down at his chest. Steve felt himself flinch when he noticed it wasn't the removable one with the nanotech built into it. No, this one was the one that Tony used to have when they first met. This one was still in his chest, glowing with life, powering Tony's heart.
"Jerk." Steve blinked, but it took a little longer to open his eyes then it should have. "Don't do anything stupid until I get back," he told Bucky seriously.
His eyes opened and he was in Avengers Tower. He knew it was the Tower instead of the Compound, because he remembered the mug in his right hand was something Tony had thought was funny, a sort of gag gift, but had become his favourite mug. Sure, it probably looked a little weird to see him drinking out of his cowled face, but he wasn't going to let the mug just sit there. He's also pretty sure that if he wasn't using it, Tony was. He took a sip of the coffee in the mug, blinking when he tasted the black coffee made with expensive beans that Tony enjoyed.
Steve knew it was Nat. He was grateful she didn't try to approach him. He had a feeling that if she did, this whole thing would be over for him.
Tony was sat on the opposite side of the couch from Natasha, leaving the space in the middle empty for Steve. He was wearing a pair of sweatpants and a tank top, looking exhausted, arc reactor glowing steadily in his chest. The image of it made Steve's breath leave his lungs in a punch. The last couple of times he saw the arc reactor was when Tony had shoved it into his hand, malnourished, the
Peggy and Daniel exchanged a look, before Peggy was dragging Steve to the living room, leaving him in the middle of the furniture to turn the music back on. The phonograph was off to the side, record already in, ready to play. Peggy just had to put the needle down and return to Steve. With an aching feeling in his chest, Steve missed how easy it was to ask J.A.R.V.I.S to play the old classics he used to listen to back in the day. He used to be able to get lost in the music as he drew pictures of New York's (and then DC's) skyline or just people that came to mind.
The sound of footfalls on the cement were soothing to Steve. It was a familiar route to him, one he had ran a lot when he had been stationed in DC. It was the one he had met Sam at, the one he had went out of his way to pass Sam a couple times with the familiar
It was warm. And not in a suffocating way. Steve felt himself sink farther down into the comfortable bed, the silky feeling of the sheets a caress against his naked body. His eyes popped open, something deeply wrong. For one, he was never used to sleeping on something so soft, even at the Tower/Compound. Tony had been mindful that Steve hadn't been ready for this soft of a bed and then Steve just hadn't asked for a new one. Another thing, the sheets had definitely not been what felt like silk but was probably Egyptian Cotton with an extremely high thread count. He's pretty sure the only person in the Tower to have such sheets would be
flooded his senses and he couldn't believe he had forgotten what his ma had smelt like. Disinfectant from her work at the hospital, but of all the things she cooked that he could eat with his allergies. And when she shushed him, he clung tighter to her, the emotions swarming because her voice in his ear just sounded right.
Natasha took a step in closer, arms still across her chest, eyebrow quirked up. She was blonde now, which had taken awhile for Steve to get used to. He missed the crimson hair she used to sport. Even the slightly more auburn was easier to see her as. The blonde was startling. And yet, it suited her. Which wasn't all that surprising.
Bucky gave him a grin, knocking his hand off his shoulder, "Come on." He started to lead Steve down the street, and the nostalgia of their childhood rammed into Steve, almost making him lose his breath. Bucky gave him a weird look when Steve exhaled loudly, but didn't question. "I know it's been hard since Peggy decided to go back to England, but I think you're really gonna like Gail, if you just stopped brooding."
Steve ran a hand down his freshly shaven jaw, glad to have the monstrosity of a beard gone. It had been itchy and uncomfortable, and no matter how many times Natasha had told him it looked good and was a sure-fire way of getting Tony to forgive him, he was glad it was gone. She also said that he looked good as a brunette, but the weird dye she had gotten was mostly washed out again, leaving the top of his head a dirty blond. It was nice to see him looking so much like himself after all those months of running after the Sokovia Accords.
Tony laughs and flicks Tommy on the forehead with his forefinger. “Do you want your initials on your new socks?”
“That’s two for the birds and two for me,” Tommy teases, his voice the hoarsest they’ve been that day. “What else?”
“Oh.” Tony says through a mouthful of pasta. “He’s a hundred and three. He only looks young because their Red Skull God keeps him young or something.”
Steve had shared the same apartment unit with his friends Bucky and Sam. It had always been that way, Steve had mentioned; having his friends close by had been one of the things he had gotten used to in pre-grad
Tony doesn’t stop smiling even after sitting for what felt like hours and listening to a guy complaining about money. Not even when he feels the sticky, sweaty palm of some stockholder with whom he has just shaken hands.
"See," Steve continues as he plants his feet on the floor, "there was this giant snake. And I thought to myself, if I die here because of a giant snake, you'll never forgive me. Our kid will never forgive me. Captain America has battled all kinds of deadly aliens, but dies at the hands of—ah, no. At the scales of a snake? No siree. Not
Don’t get him wrong, there’s still that fear and resentment whispering anxieties at him, and he can’t say for certain he won’t punch Clint in the teeth the next time he finds the courage to see him again. But he also can’t find it within himself to hold Clint accountable for every little thing, no matter how much he wants to pass the guilt to someone else.
. And I had to watch my dad suffer from the sidelines because I was just a kid, and he refused to let me and Tommy suffer with him.”
Steve mostly smiles in his photos, small shy ones when he’s posing for them and larger, more genuine smiles when he isn’t aware of the camera.
Steve raises an eyebrow, smiling knowingly at the rest of his friends. Sam places a firm arm on Tony's shoulder, mirroring Steve's smile, before heading over to Bucky to give him a quick kiss.
After they say their goodbyes, Mr. Calloway sends them off with a wave of his handkerchief. Steve and his family take a short walk back to their car, where they take a picnic basket and more blankets than necessary with them and head to a nearby park for lunch. They settle on a spot by a tree, a little ways off from its shade. The sun is barely out and Tony needs to warm up. Peter is doing a little better than his dad, but he’s sitting on Tony’s lap and under the two blankets Tony has draped around his shoulders, munching his sandwich and drinking his juice.
Tony is keen on just watching, listening in on their banter to calm himself. He lets them take over talking to Peter as he spreads the different vases around the room. He places Natasha’s vase of bright daffodils on the right bedside table and Rhodey’s tulips on the left. He places the potted sunflower Vision had given him earlier that morning on the window sill, just above the spare bed. Then he centers Pietro’s vase of hydrangeas picked from their garden on the table. Inspecting the newest bouquet, he notices a card tucked in between two flowerheads.
Teddy tightens his grip on Billy’s torso. “Bill, your dad’s last girlfriend beat him up. Maya literally tried to poison him. I think the more protection your dad gets, the better.”
Tony chuckles, biting down on Steve's finger when the fit of giggles doesn't stop. Steve doesn't even react to the bite, merely laughs along with Tony. "That's a fun thought. Coney Island with the frat bros. Maybe I can invite Bruce and Thor, then it'll be a real party."
The master bedroom—Tony’s bedroom—is the first bedroom on the right just beside the entrance to the hallway. Billy and Tommy had stayed there with Tony for the first few weeks after moving in. In front of that is Tony’s old office, which they had renovated to be Tommy’s room after the boys had been ready to have separate quarters, which had taken a few years since arriving in America. Billy and Tommy had been very co-dependent on each other then, so it hadn’t really surprised Tony that they had never brought up sleeping in different bedrooms till they had turned fifteen. Beside Tommy’s current bedroom is said old bedroom, now Billy’s own. And just beyond that is the common bathroom and storage closet.
Steve stops tickling, but doesn't untangle his limbs from Tony. "Thank you. I have a reputation to uphold."
When he opens his eyes next, it’s to the feeling of guilt blooming in his chest. He must’ve dozed off. The pain in his neck is more pronounced now, and his back isn’t any better. He wipes a hand over his face, static and numbers fly by his closed eyelids lightning fast. He snorts, clears his throat, and the quiet of the night and the beat of Peter’s heart swallow the sounds, claiming them as unimportant. Tony moves his chair a few inches closer to Peter as the door to their room opens.
Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝                    Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
They might not have the same blood flowing through their veins, but they do have similar hearts on their sleeves.
“Okay. I’m not gonna keep you any longer then. You should do your interview so you can get the hell outta there.”
“You okay there, bud?” Tony asks. He cranes his neck higher and sees his sons’ heads beyond the counter bobbing up and down as they pick up the utensils one by one. “At least, you didn’t drop a plate.”
Billy and Teddy excuse themselves after that, saying that they still need to catch up on some Christmas shopping. Tony reprimands Billy for not doing it sooner. Both he and Teddy should have known better, how hectic it can get the day before Christmas. And they do know better, but they also don’t have a gift for Steve because they hadn’t known he exists until yesterday. Tommy points out that they have a good point, and that Tony should be ashamed of himself, depriving Steve of presents.
He snaps a quick photo of Peter down the slide. It looks blurry, Peter too small from Steve’s distance, but he still sends it to the Avengers’ group chat.
Steve is huddled up beside him, arms over Tony’s chest and nose nuzzled into his neck. He counts Steve’s breaths: one, two, three.
The door closes. There's a thud on the floor, Peter's heavy backpack hitting the carpet, and Peter is running towards his Pops. Another softer thud erupts as Peter's body hits Steve's. His arms are wrapped tightly around Steve's torso, and he's never felt more at home.
"There's a boy named Peter, with his two dads, living in a tower, in a big and bustling city, about to start his first day at school…"
Steve begins measuring the ingredients and dividing them into the correctly-sized bowls as Peter steps up his stool to watch his Pops work. The flour makes a bit of a mess on the counter and the floor. Peter gasps in childlike wonder and holds both of his hands over his mouth. Steve laughs and gives Peter a pat on the back. “It’s okay, Pete. You think you can give Pops one teaspoon of baking powder while I grate these potatoes?”
It only takes them about a few winces and sounds of disgust when Steve tells them about how Bucky had lost his arm after he had been playing by a set of abandoned train tracks with Steve when they had been teenagers. Steve offers to stop; it’s hardly a story to tell over breakfast, but they implore him to continue, too sucked into the narrative to not reach a conclusion.
Steve blinks a few times before sitting up. He rubs his eyes as he stretches his back and yawns. “Wanted t’surprise you.”
Steve chuckles, brings Tony closer to him. “All I’m saying is, maybe you can tell them you’re doing something other than work. You
“No, no,” Billy says. “I’m just messing with you, Steve. No need to apologize. It just takes some time to get used to, I guess.”
“Stop. I need to let this all out before I get distracted again.” Tommy clears his throat and lays the side of his head on the bed. “I didn’t understand then how you could be with Victor, even after you found out he was still with Wanda. That he was still with
Steve took a few creative liberties with the painting. They have their arms around each other’s shoulders, although they had been far from being that close during their first trip to the MET. Tony even vaguely remembers thinking that Steve had hated him.
And Peter would say happily ever after, but he knows, just like Pops' story, it's only just the beginning.
And it’s in these details where the other half of those standards take place, the tiny details that make up a person. They’re often harder to chart because the rubric isn’t as clear cut as preferences in looks. Billy would be remiss if he derives conclusions about Steve’s person from photos on Facebook, of all places, but it’s a start. It would be downright reckless not to do anything with scraps given, so he makes do.
“Oh, I have no doubt it’s the serum. This isn’t humanly possible. If it were, we’d get nothing done as a species.”
“When you woke up and saw everything, you asked us whose birthday it was. And your dad panicked and blurted out that it was your birthday. And I still remember your small, little voice. You were so shy when you said that it’s not your birthday but you’d
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠                             R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
“Scariest day of my life meeting your grandfather over the phone,” Steve recalls with a chuckle. “Now I have to meet him for real come New Years.”
Billy walks into the room with his back straight and chin high, no doubt trying to assert the last bit of dominance he has left over the situation. Billy begrudgingly hands Steve his own ice pack, then sits beside Tony to place a similar ice pack over his forehead. He inspects the back of Tony’s head as well, but doesn’t see anything to warrant any attention. Thank God for carpeted floors. Billy gives the ice pack a small shake, gesturing for Tony to take over.
It’s also one of the only times he gets to spend with both of his sons at home, especially since Billy and Tommy have moved out and begun living independently from their father.
Bucky tosses a single kernel of popcorn into his mouth. "Watcha doin', Prof?" he drawls as he chews. Sleep lines crisscross the left side of his face, the same side where his shaggy hair is sticking up in different directions. He closes his eyes and opens them up again in a slow, deliberate blink. He stretches his body back and his arms up with a yawn, the prosthetic arm that Tony had helped engineer creaking just a little.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
"It’s just a few independent productions coming up in the year. You didn’t hear this from me the same way I didn’t hear this from Kate, but there should be calls for a few auditions soon-ish.”
Steve continues with his painting. He's allowing himself less precise lines and blotchy colors for the night. It's not like the kid who wanted to look like the sad clown can see, because that kid will definitely have something to say about how uneven the blues are or how thick the yellows are.
leaks through the ear speaker. "Just finished my workout. Thought I'd give you a call. You know, see how you're doing and all that."
Too personal of a question or not though, Steve graciously answers them without a lot of fuss, one didactic anecdote at a time.
“When I first met your dad—okay, I know, you might not wanna hear it. But I promise you, it’s a good one. So. When I met your dad, I never thought my life would end up this way. I was a man out of time, that was what I always told myself, what everyone told me. A man out of time. And I was stubborn, and I didn’t want to adapt to this new world. Then I met your dad, and he gave me everything I needed.
He keeps the letter unopened in the briefcase containing his pajamas, tucked in between a plain black shirt, one of the many he owns in different variations of plainness and blackness, and the gray sweatshirt with an outlined drawing of an anime character he had bought during a trip to Japan with his family. He had realized during a day out that it had been too cold for the two layers he had on.
Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ               Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘      E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
“No, your grandfather is fine. I’m the one who asked them—And they’ll be here before New Year’s Eve—”
They do indeed keep things even more timid with Noh-Varr in terms of physical affection, but their tone offers a more playful message: a quip at his secret relationship with Tommy, then a mention of Kate. Noh-Varr responds in kind, a witty retort about how Kate deserves better than all of them combined. Billy and Teddy give him a fist bump.
"You're making an old man out of me, old man," Tony pats the arm around his belly. "But you're liking this, aren't you?"
“Still doing them. Although, two weeks ago I switched my evening tap dance classes for the afternoon Zumba Moms. To make room for training.”
Tommy wraps his arms around Tony’s shoulder. “Okay,” he whispers into Tony’s ear. He silently cries, schooling his voice just long enough to speak to Tony again. “Okay, but you seriously need to tell me three things you can feel. Or else Billy will have my head because I didn’t do a good job trying to calm you down.”
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
A jolt of pain ran through his right arm like it was being stabbed, electrocuted, torn to shreds. He doesn’t understand. All he knows is that it hurts. God, does it hurt. He tries to scream, but all he can manage is a choked cry.
Billy feels a sense of pride for Steve, that familiar feeling of vindication. It isn’t everyday that he finds an ally amongst his dad’s peers, even if said peer is more his own than his father’s. Not to mention, said peer should be the subject of his doubts in the first place. But Steve is making it very hard to doubt him.
JARVIS clears his throat, another odd quirk, something Tony hasn’t heard before. Maybe Peter had taught him to do that. “If I may, sir,” he says, the sound of his voice vibrating Tony’s sweater, piercing through his skin. It tickles. Tony is enjoying the sensation more than he’s willing to admit. “Young Master Stark has been bitten by a radioactive spider during one of his field trips approximately thirteen months, twelve days, two hours, and seventeen minutes ago. That spider emitted energy similar to what now resides in the Hulk. And in Captain Rogers’ blood.”
It’s not his fault his kids aren’t ashamed of being arm in arm with their father. Although, with current circumstances, they should keep a bit of distance from each other in case Tony needs to make a run for it. Not that he will, because he needs to deliver the news
For now, he has a plan. Well, less of a plan, and more of just wanting to do something, and he'll see where he goes from there.
Steve squints. Tony squints back. They’re locked in a squinting match for a few seconds before Steve softens his expression and gives Tony a quick kiss on the nose. “How about this? We go on an actual trip so you can have pictures to send.”
Steve thinks for a second, watching the greenery fly past them outside his window. The sky has turned gloomy, not at all like the white clouds rolling by earlier. Now, it’s dark gray, a sign of rain. Steve wants to perceive it as an omen, but he knows he’s only putting meaning where there should be none. Instead, he focuses on what’s inside. “This isn’t home,” he finally says. “I thought it was, for a while.”
"We figured we needed to change things up. Instead of you coming to us and doing what we do, we asked you what you wanted to do, and we did it with you. I'd color with you and your crayons, and so would Dad. Then the three of us would build Lego houses together. We asked JARVIS what else you enjoyed doing, which felt a bit like cheating, but we just wanted you to be comfortable."
“Yeah,” Tony says, his chest feeling even heavier now. The truth setting you free doesn’t apply to everything after all. “Wow.”
"Make sure not to get any on your clothes, little guy," Tony tells him, and of course Peter doesn't listen. Or he does, only failing to follow through because he's too distracted by the sugary treat in front of him. The ends of Tony's sleeves fall victim to ganache stains, and although Tony insists he doesn't mind, Steve offers him his coat anyway, practically yanking Tony's jacket off himself when he doesn’t budge.
“Dad,” Tommy says, an air of frustration in his tone. “Listen. You don't have to go straight home. I know it gets lonely sometimes. With Billy coming and going, and I’m far away, and we can’t always call you. But—why don’t you hang out with friends? I get it, your schedules don’t always line up, but. God, do yoga. Go to a pottery class. Just something else. You don’t always have to drown yourself in work just to pass the time.”
Tommy growls, his knuckles turn white from his grip on his phone. He feels silly, desperate and on the verge of tears. The growl turns into a groan, then to a scream muffled by the pillow he holds over his face. He hugs it tight when his throat feels sore, putting his all into squeezing the thing.
“Yeah. He has this…” Tommy looks at Steve, eyes shut as he tries to make sense of his next statement. “...love-hate relationship with Vision. I know they were friends—”
“I should be the one getting you flowers,” Tony says with disbelief. He takes the bouquet from Steve anyway.
Steve is attractive, and he’s glad that his dad has finally increased his standards in romantic partners (in
“The new owners are planning on changing the landscape anyway. I thought we shouldn’t put these to waste.”
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
Peter jumps down from his seat and crosses the length of the kitchen and the stairs in four long strides. He’s still carrying the fork in one hand, while his empty hand itches for something else to grab; anything to throw, really. He climbs up the stairs in record time, and he can hear his dad following close behind, calling out to him. Peter doesn’t stop. He only goes up, up, up.
Except this alarm only smells like fresh breath and aftershave, and has a penchant for smacking his ass first thing in the morning.
“Nothing’s wrong.” Tony tries to wave a hand in front of his face, but he hands up flailing his right wrist around where it’s stuck from under him. He lets out a short growl and makes a disgruntled face as he watches his hand flop on the bed like a fish out of water. “I just miss the sound of birds. The ocean. The way the campfire crackles when were down on the beach. Just...sounds, I guess. I love New York, but we’re smack dab in the middle of the city, up in the penthouse of a tall building, soundproof windows and all. I can’t even hear the pigeons cooing.”
The rest of the day passes with Steve and Tony being dragged around by Peter to see the sights of the town of Monaghan. The buildings are unlike anything the kid has seen in New York: historical, quaint, brick facades with visible chimneys on top. He’s as curious as he’s ever been, so much so that he unknowingly attempts to trespass into several private homes and properties.
That’s twice now, and Tony involuntarily tunes the conversation out, his heartbeat loud in his ears after hearing his sons acknowledge Steve as his boyfriend
There’s that crick in his neck again—no, not a crick, because it feels like if he turns his head even just a quarter of an inch to one side, it’ll snap right off. Tony considers magic for a second. He has never encountered anything that involves petrification before, although he wouldn’t put it past any magic user to know a spell or two. This is exactly why he doesn’t like magic. One morning he would wake up and then—
He talks about the Black Mirror episode. He talks about the dog he saw when they went for a run. He talks about bumping into some old veterans. He talks about his lunch with Bucky and Sam, and Sam’s insistence that pigeons are spies trained by the Russians. He talks about Sam’s implication that Bucky is just a bunch of pigeons inside a skinsuit.
point of contention between him and his sons. Tony would be more skeptical if he hasn’t been building up to a point himself, and said point ties in with Tommy’s perfectly. And the universe isn’t going to be kind enough to give him another segue as good as this. Not that he needs it or even wants it for that matter, but what are the circumstances of his life if not fucked?
"And then I pulled that mask off of you. God, Peter. I wished I was back on your first day at the tower. I wished I was wearing my favorite sweater, and you'd just drool on me, instead of lying bloody in my arms—"
Now, Peter is talking to one of the children on the same platform. They shake hands and the other boy goes down the slide first, followed closely by Peter. Peter almost knocks the other kid over when he reaches the end of the slide, but the other kid sidesteps easily, in part due to Peter extending his limbs to slow himself down the slide. They go again a couple more times, and Steve smiles, observing Peter in action and in making a friend.
Peter finds the strength to face Tony, finally, and says, "I don't think I'll be able to let Pops go if I see him. I don't want to get him in trouble, Dad. I'm sorry—"
“Yeah,” Tommy says, just as quiet. Then in his usual fervor, he adds, “she was awesome. She’d kick your ass no problem.”
With their gifts in tow, they first head to the tree and arrange them with the rest of the gifts. Then they enter the kitchen, where Tony is now loading golden hash browns onto a plate. Steve is frying bacon on his right while Noh-Varr is slicing cheese and ham on his left. Billy and Teddy wait for Tony to finish his task, then Billy gives him a long, tight hug and whispers a small ‘I love you’ into Tony’s ear.
Steve returns later that night, again, just as expected. He stands in the same spot as the night before, by Peter’s feet, where the moonlight doesn’t hit, and Tony sits on the same chair, his arms still, and the pain in his neck and back just as bad.
Tony hums, locking his phone and pushing it aside with his plate. Peter does the same, though his own plate is mostly empty while Tony’s still has a few bites to spare. “You don’t have to meet the cult now, if that’s what you’re asking. And I’m not gonna ask you to invite them to the wedding.”
The day resumes normally, with everyone else none the wiser. The medical professionals do their jobs just so and the Avengers come in one by one to talk to both Peter and Tony, though in Pietro’s case, Vision phases in through the south wall as the young speedster places another vase of flowers on the table by the TV, and a light-hearted argument erupts between the two of them.
“Well, almost everything. He didn’t give me the best thing I got. And I didn’t give him his best thing either. Neither of us did. And I suppose you already know where this is going, and if you were awake right now, you’d be pawing at me to make me stop.” Steve chuckles sadly. “You’d tell me, ‘Pops, you’re embarrassing me,’ because I’d tell you this story in front of all the other Avengers, and Tony would be right beside you, and he’d laugh. And all the others would laugh. But it’s just you and me and Dad tonight, so I can embarrass you as much as I want.”
Tony takes a second, his tongue caught between his teeth. He gives Tommy a once-over and says, “do you miss your mom? Do you—”
Tony smiles despite himself. “I won’t. And no doubt your Aunt Pepper will do that anyway even if I don’t ask her.”
Tony smiles. Then, he hears a honk outside. “I have to go. My ride’s here,” he says to Clint. “Tell him that I love him.”
Tony closes the lid of his laptop and excuses himself from the rest of the preparations. He heads to Steve’s bedroom—his and Steve’s now, for the most part—and plops himself down the bed with a definite thud. He sends a quick text to Tommy and Billy, telling the both of them that he loves and misses them.
“Nah. It’s probably just Kate.” Tommy puts his phone into his coat pocket this time. “You were saying?”
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
The second, while even more of a suspicion than the first, is a lot more pressing. Tommy is a good enough liar, but even the best of masks crack.
"I'm gonna take a shower and brush my teeth," Peter says. He slowly makes his way off the bed. Tony hovers—he has been hovering over Peter's every move since he woke up. "I'm fine, Dad."
He clutches at his chest, practically tearing his shirt open. He feels his fingernails on his skin. He cannot breathe. He needs to breathe. Tony doesn’t want to die. Not anymore. Not since they started fixing things, since they started fixing themselves.
he was cheating on me. But I couldn’t bring myself to be mad at that. What I hated was how he treated us. Like we didn’t exist, like his
Peter watches as she breathes in her first breath since Peter’s birth. Peter watches her smile as she welcomes her baby into the world. The room is filled with his cries and he chokes up at the sight. He has never seen his mother before. So how does he know that the woman in front of him is his her?
Steve lays himself over the duvet, wrapping an arm around Tony’s form. He gives Tony’s hair a kiss, and his lips stay where they are, just hovering over Tony’s scalp.
He greets Noh-Varr, who is preparing potatoes on Tony’s left, a Merry Christmas, to which Noh-Varr says to have a Happy Christmas back, then Steve drags his feet towards Tony, arms slipping through Tony’s middle from behind. He gives Tony a good slobbering kiss on the cheek and greets him a Merry Christmas.
"What?" Steve says and Tony's lips part in shock. Tony sits straighter, posture suggesting he wants to leap out of bed and into Peter's, but he stops.
They get up from the bench and make their way to Tony’s car. They keep idle chatter on the way there, Billy and Tommy mostly talking about their endeavors before the holidays. They steer clear of any mentions of Steve, and Tony doesn’t speak unless spoken to. He already knows all of the information being brought up anyway: Billy’s trip to Europe, Tommy’s wrist injury, and all the other little details Tony likes to pry from them whenever they give him a call.
Bucky shushes him, now miming a telephone with one hand, just as Tony places a finger over his lips.
Steve pulls Tony to a more comfortable position: still straddled on top of Steve, but with Steve now reclined on one of the pillows strewn about the bed, and Tony propping most of his torso over Steve with his elbows to get a better angle of his lips.
What Tony does know, and hopes he isn’t wrong about, is that Steve isn’t like anyone he’s ever met before. He’s sure it isn’t just an age thing, because if it was, he would’ve hit the jackpot before he even hit thirty. The boys would have still had V—their other father with them, and Tony wouldn’t have had to deal with anyone that had come after. But that isn’t his reality right now, and he’s glad that it isn’t. Because now he has Steve, the Steve who has shown Tony that there’s more to a home than a large apartment unit, more to respect than showing the bare minimum of keeping boundaries, more to kindness, more to love.
“Dez said they put you in a box and they took you away. I don’t want anyone to take you away, Pop-pop,” Peter wails. “It will make me cry and it will make Daddy cry and who’s going to kiss Daddy’s booboos away if you’re not there? I can’t kiss it away, I’m not a superhero.”
Billy ushers Tony and Tommy to a more secluded area of the park. A lone bench remains unseated by a tree, angled mostly out of sight from passers-by. BIlly asks the both of them to sit, which Tony obliges. Tommy, preferring to sit on his heels in front of Tony, doesn’t take the seat beside him, so Billy takes that space instead.
“Sometimes, I hear chanting. A lot of it when they just moved in.” Tony tucks his phone in his pocket and pulls his plate back in front of him. “But it quieted down after Steve realized I’ve been having trouble sleeping from the noise. He doesn’t like it when I stay up so late, you know?" he says before digging into his pasta once more.
Tommy takes his place beside Tony again, snaking an arm around Tony’s elbow. “A lot of them are single moms. And you’re a single dad. You’re the engineer, you do the math.”
“Total accident,” Tony admits sheepishly. “When Pietro came for one of his surprise visits. Steve was just lounging at my office when he burst through the door. He immediately called your grandfather for a video conference.”
In fact, they’ve gotten very few stares from civilians and passers-by. Those who do recognize them are young, those who ask for pictures are even younger. It’s Tony who humors most of them, taking the bulk of the spotlight not from want, but from Steve and Peter’s need to remain on the down-low. Whenever Steve gets the subtle nod from Tony, who has gathered the masses off to one side, he grabs Peter, if he isn’t already holding the boy, and walks further down the road, away from prying eyes.
Tony and Erik had spent the entire afternoon trying to be civil. They had broken their bread—so to speak—and drank their coffee, which Erik had pointed out that he had only made because Tony didn’t seem to drink anything else. That had been true enough, at least at the time. Tony had focused on talking about work while Erik had listened intently, asking questions and offering no insight. They had kept the conversation casual, up until the very end, when Erik had walked Tony to their door and had shown him out of his home.
“And we hardly have room for Billy and Tommy. And Teddy. I don’t think it’ll be fair to the four of you not to have any room to sleep in. That is, when they...you know. When we can finally tell them and they can come over.”
Steve goes to their en suite bathroom and fills up a cup he finds on the sink with tap. Going back to his position beside Tony, he gets to work.
But he also knows that there’s a lot more to this than simply telling his sons about a new beau. And for once, he wishes he was wrong.
Noh-Varr jolts back, dragging the chair back with him. The screech makes Tony whip his head towards him. Noh-Varr stares at Tony with his lips slightly parted. “It’s very nice to meet you, Mr. Stark.”
Tony goes quiet. He exits the closet, looks at himself in the mirror again. His eyes only seem to get baggier no matter how much he tries to sleep. “It’s what he wanted.”
Steve feels almost apologetic. He hadn’t given the town much thought since waking up from the ice, too preoccupied with the fact that he had awoken seventy years into the future and then later, preoccupied with his newfound romance and his newfound superhero team and his newfound family. He hadn’t even considered that the small town his parents grew up in would still accept him as one of their own, but meeting Mr. Calloway has proven otherwise.
Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
“Dear, Peter,” Steve says, and it takes Tony a while to realize that he’s reading from a piece of paper. It crinkles under Steve’s fingers. “I decided almost immediately that I was going to write you letters every day. Call me old-fashioned, but I can’t leave my angel just like that, not when the last words I told you as your father were ‘stay home, Pete.’ And the actual words I last told you were something of a similar but harsher nature. It’s a little embarrassing, as your Pop and then as Captain America, that you didn’t even do as I had said.” Steve chuckles bitterly. “But that’s not on you. I see that now.
“Yeah.” Tony doesn’t bother hiding under his blankets when Steve settles by Peter’s feet, one leg folded on the bed propping up his elbow, a small notebook in hand, no doubt his list of plot points scribbled all over it. “Can you pretend I’m not here? Pretend I’m sleeping, or...um. Pretend like it’s the last time.”
"Er…" Peter looks at the eyebrows raised at him. "I think we can all agree that waking up from my coma is the best gift I've gotten."
Tommy’s heart drops to his stomach. He looks back at himself on the mirrors, his shoulders rising up and down as his breathing becomes more labored. He can see his eyes shining, but no tear falls.
Tony and Steve chuckle as they watch their son power walk while holding his behind with both hands. Tony places a hand on Steve’s, places his fingers on Steve’s palm, and drums them on his skin.
There's about a million different ways this is embarrassing. Peter, fifteen years old, is talking to a girl his age, about how he wants to sleep in the same bedroom with his parents, where there's only one bed. He blushes—he blushes so easily about anything—and pulls at the hem of his shirt as he musters up the courage to look Shuri in the eyes and nod.
When he had brought this up to Steve, albeit feeling sheepish as he had uttered the words “do you want me to move in with you?” Steve had laughed. Not laugh like he had thought Tony was being ridiculous, but like Tony was being adorable, because he had said just as much.
“Turns out, his fiancee was worse than Lisa. No wonder he was so quick to take up any and all offers. I took care of him when his fiancee couldn’t.
“I wanted to catch you before you went to sleep,” Steve replies. He takes another step back, closer to the spare bed now. Tony’s refuge.
“Me neither, if I’m being honest,” Tony says with a shrug. “Steve doesn’t really say much about their current practices. You know this household, your other dad and I raised you atheist, and I don’t think I’ll ever be anything else. And then there’s Steve, the High Priest of the Temple of the Red Skull. It’s a lot of religious differences to overcome, but somehow we just…” Tony stares off into the faraway distance of the kitchen counters behind Peter, hand on heart and eyes glimmering. “We just work, you know?”
“Wait.” Steve gets out of the car and takes two of the spare blankets he has kept in the backseat. He lays one over Peter, now dozing off, and hands Tony the other one after he hops back inside. “Thought you might need these.”
Billy eyes him curiously. “Something tells me you can tell us apart without all that anyway,” he says before leaving the room.
“It’s fine, Tony. Now, where were we…” Steve recalls his childhood in Brooklyn to the rest of the table. How his father had died at a young age, leaving him and his mom alone in their derelict apartment with only enough money to spare for a few more weeks. His mom, having to go work full-time as a nurse in a nearby hospital, had had to leave Steve at his best friend Bucky’s unit more than usual. Bucky’s family had only been marginally better off than Steve’s, but they had taken him in without a problem.
"Tell you what…" Steve gets up from the bed, pulling Tony up with him. He looks down at Tony, takes Tony's face into his large hands, drawing circles on Tony’s cheeks with his thumbs. "I'll plan the trips. Discreet trips. I'll bring some of my friends, you bring some of your friends, so it wouldn't look too much like a date to Billy and Tommy."
"Call me if you need help!" Tony shakes his head. He picks up the trash and places them inside a garbage bag. Then he arranges Peter’s gifts, neatly piling them with the rest of their luggage. There’s the Sleeping Beauty doll from Pietro, new shoes from Rhodey, a small spider charm from Natasha, and a very practical but unnecessary envelope of cash from Vision.
The sunrise is seeping through the large floor-to-ceiling windows of the gym’s dance studio. But instead of doing his morning exercises like he means to, Tommy is seated on the studio’s lustrous floors staring at himself on the wall of mirrors.
“Why don’t you take the mashed potatoes from the fridge and hand it to Pops?” Tony says, walking to the kitchen from the living room, if there even is a clear distinction between the spaces.
at a pre-approved for-kids video they're watching on the tablet. With time passing comes Peter's gradual shift in moods. He wiggles and waggles and moves around in Steve's lap. He skips video after video before Steve can even comprehend it.
, as Tony had liked to dub the quiet mornings spent eating cereal and left-over dinner before they all head to work, they had appeared in the evenings for movie nights and game nights and Nerf gun nights and whatever other
“Listen.” Tommy sighs. “It’s just that my dad is dating someone who’s no one like he had dated before. On the young side.”
Tony spares a glance at him once, when the heart monitor beeps, then looks away for the rest of the night.
One side of Billy’s lips raises in a subtle smirk as he looks away from Tony. He places the last pancake on the plate resting beside the pan. “Who wants breakfast?”
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝                                                                                                         Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ
The rest of the day is simple enough. They spend the morning in their respective nooks and crannies. Steve goes back to bed to catch up on some sleep. Teddy is still working by the breakfast nook. Billy and Tommy are playing video games in the living area, while Tony is grading his students’ papers on the dining table and doing mild cleaning around the house.
“He told me reading to you might help. He thought it would be nice if you heard your Pop-pop’s voice, then I told him you might not want to. Then I realized, whatever causes a reaction, Pete. It doesn’t matter to me if you wake up angry, or sad, or feeling nothing at all for me, as long as you wake up, that’s enough.” Steve sighs, and his breath shakes. “I hope it’s not too late to apologize. To you
Minutes later, the door to the bedroom creaks open, and in comes Steve. “Hey,” he whispers. The bed dips, and Tony, still face down and clutching his phone in one hand, crawls closer to him.
Or, say, if Tony was to exit his bedroom with a new boyfriend—relatively speaking—like he’s doing that very instant, with hopes of wanting a normal breakfast with said boyfriend and his sons, like what he really wants for that same instant, he can’t exactly survey the scene before deciding that, yes, it is in fact safe to leave the bedroom.
“Yeah, Dad,” Tommy says, sticking his tongue out. “I’m not derailing anything.” Then Tommy schools his expression to something more aloof. He isn’t particularly upset, nor is he on the cusp of some extreme emotion. He’s been very matter-of-fact so far, so Tony lets him be. “Sometimes, I wish Victor and Vision just swapped places. Not that I want Victor to die instead of Vision, but I guess I wouldn’t care that Victor is my bio-dad if it meant I never got to meet him, you know?”
It isn’t quite bedtime yet. But it isn’t a busy part of the day. Tony can’t decide on whether he should head down to his workshop for some upgrades or take Steve out for some fancy dinner date.
Sometime after midnight, the heart monitor beeps for the 526th time. It keeps Tony company, along with the full discography of AC/DC playing in the background, soft and muted, a complete shift to how it’s supposed to be played, but needs must. His hand feels cold, but it sweats under Peter’s palm. He checks Peter’s pulse with his forefinger and middle finger when the boy takes a particularly deep breath, and he wonders what Peter could be dreaming about, if young boys in comas dream at all.
They finish the rest of their breakfast with a lighter conversation. Billy and Tommy are still not-so-subtly interrogating Steve, but they mostly ask him about his life before meeting Tony rather than how he sees his life with Tony going forward. Tony wouldn’t be too surprised if a question along that line slipped through. Wouldn’t be the first time it happens.
They resume lunch with a lighter conversation, talking about nothing and everything, bringing Peter into the conversation when they can. Eventually, their sandwiches diminish to crumbs on their shirts and the picnic blanket, and it's onwards to dessert: a small chocolate cake from a nearby bakery, divided into three equal parts.
“They’re not gonna hurt me,” Tony says, rolling his eyes. “Or anyone for that matter. They banned blood sacrifices in the 80’s—”
But no one is more surprised than Tommy himself. He punches Steve lightly on the shoulder and gives the excuse that he’s still pretty sleepy, and tired, and
There’s a knock on the door, then a muffled “Pizza’s here!” from an over-enthusiastic Clint comes through.
Tony is a light sleeper. The tiniest jerks, the lowest sounds, and the tamest nightmares; equations he has been trying to solve during his waking hours floating around in his dreams with an accompanying solution; they are all causes for him to startle awake. It has only gotten a lot worse with age, worse so when he had turned forty. He can’t quite point out whether it’s the actual years added to his life or the circumstances he had had to deal with along with those years.
While the profile itself is barren of activity from Steve, there are at least a couple of tagged photos available for viewing. A few are stolen shots of the guy in various places—apartments, the park, bars.
Tony raises an eyebrow. "You really didn't. Should you even still be here?" He looks around the empty corridor. "Someone might catch you."
“Shit, Tommy,” Tony says, loud enough for his son to hear, which doesn’t help the slight throbbing of his head. He tries to get up, but as he lifts his head from Steve’s lap, the pain strikes him. “I’m okay. Don’t come in.”
Tony holds a finger up to Steve's lips. "Wonders of technology. And a few willing people to help me with my gift for my lovely husband."
“Who do you think I am? Of course I can tell you boys apart.” Tony loops his arms around his sons’; Billy on the left and Tommy on the right. “White does suit you, Tommy. But you’re not afraid that it’s going to ruin your hair?”
He tries again, but it sends him straight to voicemail. That’s what he gets for calling incessantly in the last hour. Noh-Varr is probably tired of his phone ringing by now.
Tony grabs on to Rhodey as the other man wobbles, struggling to stand. He lifts Rhodey up to a straighter position but sits him back down on the spare bed when he realizes he doesn’t have much strength himself. “You’re early,” he manages to say to Steve.
Tony doesn’t close the door behind him. He jogs to the intercom just beside their front door and speaks into it. The conversation his dad has over the system goes on for longer than Tommy expects.
“They have keys to your room?” Steve asks in disbelief. He gently pulls Tony up from the floor and back to the bed.
He can't pinpoint exactly when it had begun, but there's no denying that the pregnancy had been the catalyst that started it all. He can't really fault Tony for that. After all, it takes two to tango, whether the well-practiced tango routine ends up winning first prize in some dance contest or whether there had been no plans to join the contest at all; you had only been walking with your partner at a park where there happens to be a dance contest, and then you trip over your feet. The next thing you know, some announcer who you realize is actually your boyfriend is handing you a blue ribbon that says 'we're pregnant.' Except that's a stupid analogy, because Steve doesn't even dance.
“I almost lost you,” Steve whispers into Tony’s neck. “The both of you. I realized I didn’t want that.”
“Did Hydra really get to you?” a man in his 20’s wearing an off-brand, unlicensed Avengers shirt asks Steve, all up in his face, giving him no chances of escape. It’s just him and another woman, thank God. Neither of them has their phones up and the neighborhood they’re in is relatively devoid of other people.
Steve shakes his head. “It’s alright. The kid was probably just curious.” He shoots Peter a smile and the turn of his lips look so kind.
Tony, whose face he sees running towards him, a blanket wrapped around himself and a pair of soft boots on his feet. Tony, who crosses the grass that Steve had just crossed, kneels as Steve had just done, who pulls Steve into his warm hands and leads him back to their cabin.
And he vaguely remembers feeling scared, and he vaguely remembers calming down, and he vaguely remembers believing that there’s a cult in his dad’s attic and he should never, ever climb up there ever again.
Steve takes a big gulp of his coffee and answers, “I joined the military not long after. Quit after a year. Then I pursued art.”
“Well…” Tony doesn’t spare a glance at Billy. “He’s turning twenty-eight next year. So that still makes Steve older.” Even to his ears, the reasoning sounded weak.
fully understanding the concept in its entirety, what has happened in the past to have led to this and what implications it might serve the future—is that Tony
It’s not that it hadn’t occurred to him how Teddy and Steve are basically built the same way: blond hair, blue eyes—
“Did you lock the door?” Tony leaps out of bed just as Steve responds in the affirmative. He presses an ear to the cool wooden surface and hears light chatter outside. Tommy’s voice booms in the hallway—“I’ll wash the goddamn dishes, Billy.” The smell of coffee and pancakes wafts through the space between the door and its frame. He goes back to the bed, Steve still under the blankets, eyes closed. Tony pokes his cheek a few times, and Steve cranes his head to the side to bite Tony’s finger.
Steve lets Tony lay him down on the small couch, where Tony places himself on top of Steve, the weight of his husband the one he’d rather have on himself. Tony’s breath tickles Steve’s neck and Steve focuses on the sensation, breathing along with the rise and fall of Tony’s chest. They fall asleep like that, breathing together, arms around each other, the tea that Steve never got to drink on the table beside them.
“Some water would be nice. I had to run halfway through New York. I might be coming down with a cold.”
to buy Steve a gift. Not really. It isn’t like he owes Steve anything. And Steve doesn’t owe him anything. But two things struck Billy earlier in the day that had compelled him to leave the house and make Teddy suffer the onslaught of late Christmas shoppers with him.
With Tommy, however, it wasn’t so much as one singular thing as it was him just looking up to Tony all his life.
Nothing says Holiday cheer more than trying to beat the worsening traffic the nearer they get into said Holidays. Now, Christmas itself isn’t that much of a big deal as much as it is a catalyst for their family to get together over some sort of notion of celebration. For one, the Maximoffs are Jewish, and while they don’t practice the religion much—or at all—Christmas week has been the only holiday when Erik, Charles and Pietro get to travel to America the same time Tony gets to take a significant break from teaching to welcome his sons’ grandfathers and uncle with a clean unit and good food to spare.
"Thanks, J. Hey, Pete," he calls out. He walks to the bathroom door and knocks. "You okay in there? Come out soon. I have one last surprise for you."
“It wasn't until a month after you arrived at the tower when you first talked to JARVIS. Tony didn't want to spook you, so he asked JARVIS to lay low for a little while. You didn't talk much after we went to the playground. You kept your distance, especially at night. You didn't stay long with us after dinner, and it would worry us, you know? It would worry us that you didn't feel the same connection we did.
“I never met him,” Steve spins the teetotum for his turn. He finally lands on the marriage tile, and he chooses another blue peg for his blue car. “But yeah, I can’t lie. If I ever did meet him I think I’ll punch him square in the teeth.”
,” and it’s no longer a laugh. Tony props himself up with his hands on his knees, gasping for air. He hacks out a sob, once, twice, and Tommy is on his knees, trying to help his father up.
"To save time, yeah." Tony cocks his head to the side, trying to wrack out the details from his brain. "You had to scrub me with soap because I wasn't fast enough. I was still shampooing."
"Yeah." Tony drums his fingers on the back of Steve's hand in thought. "I said something like...not dismissing Clint's washing regimen in the future?"
“Hey,” Tony interrupts, letting go of Steve’s hand and placing both of his on the steering wheel. “Tell me, did you enjoy yourself?”
“That’s what I like to hear,” Tommy cheers as Tony goes for his turn. “Dad, arrange a meeting between Victor and Steve.”
Steve holds it out. The words ‘Los Angeles’ are written across the front in large black letters. The cloth is soft, nothing too indicative of having come from the airport, but nothing that screams expensive either. It’s also two-sizes-too-small, which is par for the course with every other shirt Steve owns. “Thank you, Noh-Varr. I love it.”
“But I thought it was…” Peter spares one last glance at the set of stairs. When the coast is clear, he asks, “How young did Steve become High Priest? I thought he was younger than you.”
“And then Victor, he...when the boys were ten, I could feel him becoming more and more distant. We got into fights because of that. Shouting matches, slamming doors, the works, you know? I just
Tommy detaches himself from Tony and does more breathing exercises until Tony finally relaxes. He’s still shuddering from the crying, but he’s got a hold of his breaths now.
In front of Tony is an array of mismatched flowers from their own backyard. Snapdragons, goldenrods, purple fountain grass. Some smaller ones end up falling under Steve’s grip. Tony finds them beautiful all the same.
Tony resists the urge to join the scene. He clutches at his blanket, still neatly folded on top of his pillow.
“I’m starting a career,” Tommy announces, then backtracks. “Or should I go to college? Mom went to college, right, Dad?”
Granted, there’s a bit of a dynamic shift for his scenario. For one, Tony is nothing like Erik, and Noh-Varr doesn’t have to face Tony alone. But there is also a freshness to his situation that hadn’t in Tony’s, like a band-aid ripped from an open wound. A disgusting, puss-filled, bloody open wound. Tommy internally retches, and he isn’t sure if it’s from the thought of the wound or how much he has been waiting—dreading, more like—for this meeting to happen in the last year.
Tony shuffles his feet. He removes his arms from his sons and places himself a foot away from them. He looks at their faces, worried and confused, all too familiar faces made throughout the course of their lives. Tony wants nothing more than to let them know that everything is going to be alright, even if Tony doesn’t believe that himself. “You know you boys are the most important people in my life, right?”
“Billy had many words with me last night. More than I thought I would get. I believe Steve had alerted him of Tommy’s behavior before they arrived home.”
Tony gasps, raising his shoulders and placing an open hand over his chest. He freezes for a few seconds, a heavy gaze trained on Tommy. Then he laughs. An honest-to-god bending-over-himself laugh.
You’re both being immature. Over a game of Life!” Tony stands up and paces in front of his TV. He stops. “And it’s hostile. He’s being overtly hostile.”
"You heard the boss," Tony says, clapping his hands together. "Party's over. We'll resume the festivities in the morning."
So when he had told them to come home exactly two days before Christmas—no more, no less—that Uncle Pietro and Grandpa Erik and Charles wouldn’t be around until New Years, he had known that they had known something was up. He had only been thankful neither of them had pressed Tony on any further over their respective phone calls, and had only said yes to any of Tony’s whims and wishes.
Tony settles on the floor instead of the mattress. His breathing speeds up. His grasp on Tommy’s wrist tightens and tightens.
“I haven’t opened it yet,” Tony admits. He doesn’t notice his hands are shaking until Steve holds them still. He looks at Steve and gulps.
into his lifestyle as openly as possible if it meant it would bring him closer to his dad. Music, tech, fashion. Hell, Tommy had even resorted to gloating about how his and Tony’s names were practically identical. Just a few letters off and Tommy would be just like his father.
Tony presses the answer button. "Hi, baby." Bucky presses his lips together to hide his smile. Tony flips him the bird.
"Es'cuse me, I need to use the bathroom!" Peter squeals, making his way down his chair and running to the only bathroom in the cabin.
“Dad telling us about partners. Having another step parent was still on the table, you know? And we were teenagers. Very impressionable teenagers. If Dad introduced us to the wrong person, got us close to the wrong influence, he was afraid that was going to fuck us up even more than—more than we already are.”
More shuffling, fabric hitting fabric. “Would it be okay to tell you a story, Pete? I hope it is. It’s the only thing I have planned for tonight. Just wake up if you want me to stop, okay?” Steve pauses, and the silence is unnerving but not unwelcome. No one stirs, especially not Peter, so Steve hums and Tony releases the breath he has been holding.
"So are you," Tony whispers back. Steve casts his eyes down, down to his shoes. Tony grabs Steve's hand and places it on his lips, already missing Steve's warmth on them. "We'll figure something out."
beat a good nap with your supersoldier boyfriend, however, is good old-fashioned shawarma delivered to your doorstep. Tony and Steve eat their meal while watching an episode of Black Mirror.
“Hey.” Teddy taps Billy’s shoulder so suddenly that Billy almost spills some of his coffee onto his lap. “Woops, sorry. But look, it’s Steve.”
“That’s enough.” Tony extends an arm in front of Steve and the man, then taking one step forward, acting as a human barricade between them. “We have our kid with us. Back off.”
"You know, your morning breath really humbles me. It reminds me that you're still only human like us and that you might have the power to keep your cock up for—Steve!"
Making boxty ends up with Tony joining them, much to Steve's pleasure, to help Peter mix and stir while Steve pours the right amount of liquid into their batter. They make a lesson out of it, telling Peter that it’s okay to ask for help when needed and that mistakes happen, but that doesn’t mean they won’t be able to make potato pancakes out of it. Peter nods and hums along whenever Steve asks him for confirmation that he gets what they’re saying. As small and as fragile as he sees his son, the kid is smart and clever, so he doesn’t doubt that the boy is internalizing what they’re teaching him.
Tony checks the digital clock on the bedside table. A few minutes before noon. He exhales, loud and long. He has been checking clocks more often now; wherever he goes he would look for any device displaying the time, and if he can’t find any, he’d focus on his watch. He would closely watch time running, winding down to a particular second, or a particular minute, or a particular hour. So far, it has been doing nothing but.
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕    Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
“Huh.” Peter instinctively grabs his fork. He plays with it, drumming it on the breakfast nook’s granite countertop. Tony has gone back to watching something on his phone, completely unfazed by the fact that the words
“Shh,” Steve says. “It’s okay. I’m here.” He shows Tony how to breathe like it’s the easiest thing to do. Steve talks to him like he is a child.
Tony looks behind him. Everyone on the dining table is looking cautiously at Noh-Varr who is only innocently sipping his milk, completely unaware of the sudden attention on him.
“We’re going around in circles. This conversation is going around in circles,” Tony mutters. He has one hand over his eyes. Tony suddenly looks ten times older than he actually is. “We’re never gonna get anywhere with this, Tommy. I don’t want us at each other’s necks when this is the only time you’re home.”
Instead of answering, Tommy sits down on the floor with his back to the bed. He drops his head to his knees and aggressively ruffles his hair with both hands.
“It’s a modest display,” says Mr. Calloway, the museum’s curator. “Did what we could with what’s given. But that’s all about to change now, thanks to your donations, Mr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers.”
It’s a miracle that he and Teddy are able to find a seat in a Starbucks. His feet are in a world of pain, but Billy wanted them to have a little rest before the walk back to the tower. The traffic outside is even worse than yesterday’s. It’ll do more harm to their schedule to grab a cab back home than simply walk.
“Oh, um—” Before Tony starts to feel even more of a drama queen, he reaches for the drawer on his side of the bed and pulls out an envelope. He takes one good look at it as he sits straight. “Merry Christmas,” he tells Steve, handing him the item.
"Wait." Tony yanks Steve towards him, closing their distance and placing his lips on Steve's. They linger within each other's space, enjoying the intimacy. "I…"
Then again, they had wanted Steve to open up, God knows why—Tony actually also knows why, but he’d rather not entertain those thoughts if he’s being honest. But his sons look more entranced than suspicious now, and Teddy simply looks interested. Tony calms down, although not without feeling a little guilty that he had raised his voice at Tommy.
“I wanted to blame you for Wanda’s death. Which was stupid, because logically that isn’t true. But there was nothing logical about you continuing your relationship with Victor even after everything. All those lies and the bullshit. Victor played with the both of you without a sweat, and instead of running away, you kept at it. My mother just got lucky she died before shit got worse.”
He looks around the room one last time before finally heading out. Passing by Peter’s room down the hallway, he decides to take one last peek inside. The plastic stars and planets are still up on the ceiling. Saying goodbye to them shouldn’t have to be this hard; it’s not like Tony is saying goodbye to them forever. His eyes well up with tears anyway, and his fingertips linger on the cold doorknob after Tony pulls the door to a close.
Tony purses his lips into a flat straight line. He blows a raspberry in the air as he crosses his arms over his chest defensively. He stares at the surface of his coffee, and says, “when I met Tommy’s other father—his
“I was willing to give this ‘cult’ a chance. I thought that was your funny way of saying you live with a bunch of stoners or the local MLM group or I don’t know. People who think they’re stuck in the 60’s raving about John Lennon or whatever. I mean, Wade thought you rented out your place to Mormon missionaries.”
“He was brash, made a lot of jokes when I just wanted a straight answer. I thought he was wasting my time. I was a working student, you see. I didn’t have time to waste on an interview with someone who won’t even be able to help me out. He said I needed to come back some time later when I’m freer. I wanted to decline, but he gave me his number before I could get another word out. When I told my friends about him, they laughed. Said Tony was a good teacher despite his tendencies to talk around a subject. Bucky said, ‘if existential crises and dread were a sense of humor, Tony would be the funniest guy on the planet.’”
“Odd we don’t know about him,” Teddy tells Billy, then to Steve, “I’m half-Halan, see? And his name sounds like he’s from Hala?”
“She threw a microwave at my head—” A flinch from Tony. “—then beat me up with a wooden chair.” Another flinch. “I had to live with the idea that I was never going to dance again for
There’s a lot to benefit from a parent and their child bonding over similarities. Tony had bonded with Billy over stories, reading him tales of King Arthur well into the night even after Tommy had fallen asleep. They had connected, and continue to connect, through the tales and triumphs of heroes in their journeys. Billy had grown up to be a writer. There’s really no question what—or specifically who got him there.
“Good evening, Peter. I...um. I didn’t expect JARVIS. But, thank you,” and the way Steve says it takes Tony’s breath away. “Thank you, son, for bringing us back one of your dad's best friends, and one of yours too. Hm, how about we forget my original story and just go with this one? Good? Okay, then.
Steve hums. “You’re right, though. I should’ve checked in with you first. I guess I just got in over my head, you know? I got too excited that we didn’t have to hide anymore. Aren’t you? Excited, I mean?”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve says, eyeing the scrapbook as he does. A smile spreads across his lips. “What’s inside?”
“Oh, we...uh. Had lunch with this pilot friend, which was cool, but that was about the extent of it. I think his name is Noh-varr, but I could be mistaken.”
"It's a conversation your father and I have had. When you were ten, I think. It was the first time—the first time that we know of—that you had stood up to a bully. Got you in a bit of trouble, but that's fine. You can't expect a child of Avengers, surrounded by other Avengers, to not do what Avengers do. And I was proud, you know? But I always thought I'd be prouder. Instead...I hoped that...I wanted to suspend you in time. To keep you the way you are. No fighting, no avenging, just Peter being Peter. I wanted to suspend all of us in time and keep us the way we were. But that's...I've done that, and it brought me all my best things. But I wouldn't genuinely wish it on someone else."
