But they would flow right after a person or thing, leaving a trail behind them that would last for weeks. If someone was to ask John what it looked like when he saw the light of colors, he would sait it was like someone standing in front of the sun.
John had moved over to a chair while the Dragon slept, he kept a close eye on him. Not sure if he was going to have another nightmare like dream. Or if he was going to wake up and start going crazy. Either way John had some spells and potions with him if he had to use them.
He was not able to get to it though, the wolf had pushed him back down to the ground. Hitting his head on the ground a few times, making the witch go in and out of reality.
getting rather heavy and he unfortunately had no source of light. He hadn't thought he'd need one, even in the evening hours, as he knew these woods like the back of his hands. He had been living in these woods for years, ever since he was 14 and ran away from his family that thought he should use him
Sherlock felt the weeks of sleepless nights caught up with him. “Would you like me to take you to your bed and tuck you in?.” He asked,
The Dragon understood that he was going to have to touch him if he was to get water. But not why he did not want him to choke. He was having a hard time as to why he was worried about him choking. Did it matter to him if he choked?. Or was he trying to make him believe he was on his side and then hurt him to humiliate him. He was just not sure and his head hurt to much to think or figure it out.
"It's utterly mad. Completely dangerous." John stared up at that pale face, seemingly even whiter in the faint light from the Aurors' and spectators' wands. It was dimming now that people had gotten their fair share of the action and were returning to their night on the town.
My eyes shoot to the open door and into the stairwell, and I can think of at least two dozen ways we could be interrupted—all of them ending in various levels of embarrassment for us and the parties who could intrude.
Of course, he was being completely daft and he knew it. There was a huge baby boom after the war and the immediate years that followed were prime for people who had been a few years ahead of him.
John watched in horror as Sherlock dropped his wand and began to do the same rubbing and patting motions that John had been subjected to moments ago.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, noticing that he’d picked up John’s unconscious habit of licking his lips, “I think that would be... good.”
A shiver ran through John's spine as the man stepped closer, and John was introduced to the body of SH, which felt lean and long pressed against him from behind. He was significantly taller than John, and he sported something long, hot, and impressive against the small of John's back.
John clenched his fists involuntarily. Of course, wanting to lash out at someone for lashing out was a bit backwards, but anyone who could hit a child--their own child, a stranger’s child, hell, even a child as ornery as Sherlock had surely been--deserved to be hanged, drawn, and quartered.
“Your what?” the receptionist squeaked. His eyes darted almost comically between Sherlock, John, and his manager.
“About her Alpha?” Mrs. Hudson gestured for Sherlock to sit, and then started opening cupboards, probably in search of biscuits. Sherlock wasn’t sure they had any in, but he let her look all the same. Sometimes she was magic at making food appear.
To anyone else, it would’ve been imperceptible. The faintest crinkle of Sherlock’s eyes--almost a squint--was gone before it had ever even fully shadowed the grey-blue irises. His face was hard as stone, but for that brief moment, it had been like glass that John could see straight through before immediately fogging back into an impenetrable cloud.
John stopped, mid-stride, mid toweling his hair, and looked across the kitchen to where Sherlock was returning to stare down his microscope. There was an open notebook next to it with several hastily scribbled lines, but John didn't see a pen anywhere.
“I assume this is about the fact that your brother is traipsing about London without proper attire? I’ll have you know I fully intend to smother him in winter accessories the moment I can get my hands on him.” John hoped that would be sooner rather than later, though considering Sherlock’s talent for escapism, he was sure he would only find the man when he wanted to be found.
"I'll get you off right here, right now, with my hands, my mouth, and you don't have to worry about me interfering in your life ever again," Sherlock reiterated, cupping John through his jeans. "Or," he said, leaning in to nibble on John's ear the way he'd done in the hall. "Or you could come home with me and fuck me into the mattress so thoroughly that I shout your name to the whole of London, with the offer of returning whenever you like."
"How will you have me, John?" Sherlock whispered. His breath was hot against John's ear. The man had clearly mapped out John's erogenous zones the same way he'd figured out the rest of him.
Now, of course, he could admit that he was overreacting. Annabelle was asleep in her bedroom upstairs, safe and warm. She’d wake up and demand to go outside to play in the rain, and he’d gather her boots and coat and bundle her up for an afternoon of puddle-jumping. No Alpha was going to break down the door and try to claim her, or Sherlock for that matter. There was no precedent that Sherlock could think of--as Mycroft had said, people simply
One of Annabelle’s little hands came up to clutch at John’s jumper, and both men looked at her closed fist in curious study, as if they could see through his clothes to where the scar was puckered beneath it. There was no way for her to know the significance of the man who held her, nor the scar she’d unconsciously found.
No matter. There was a warm, pliable Sherlock in his arms, content to be and to  breathe with him for as long as their bodies could stand it, and John didn't worry further about logistics.
, nearly dislodging himself in the process, and pulled Sherlock’s face back to his own. They panted against each other's parted lips quietly for a stolen moment before John muttered
Sherlock bore down then, his knee knocking against John's ribcage, and the soldier's wandering hands immediately slid back down to spread and cup and
Sherlock leaned into the touch and closed his eyes. “It’s not something I’m comfortable discussing.”
"Come now, John, it doesn't take a genius to tell that her measurements have gone up about the waist--"
Sherlock frowned and buttoned up his coat quickly despite the heat in the room and motioned his head for John to follow. He didn't explain his findings, he didn't chide the detectives on their inability to see what was right in front of them.
He took a deep breath and passed John, not able to meet his eye after the final word. Fingers reached to touch the now-distant professor, but Sherlock evaded him.
He relished the feeling of Sherlock’s body moving with him, the heat inside triggering small spasms through him as he got closer and closer to the edge. One hand moved around to grasp the plush arse as they moved, and his dominant hand drew Sherlock in closer. When his fingers slipped along Sherlock’s skin to rest on the nape of his neck, clearly hoping for a kiss, Sherlock turned away once more.
John wondered for a moment what he'd smell now if he gave it a whiff. When he was sixteen, he'd smelled the leather of his Quidditch gear, the hair of the girl he'd fancied at the time, and the home-cooked macaroni his mother made when he was home on holiday. But things changed, obviously. He couldn't even remember the girl's name, his mother was dead, and he couldn't remember the last time he'd had Quidditch gear that fit him.
“Stay there,” he says when I start to move toward him. His voice is deeper than usual, tinged with lust, and it gives me pause, standing in the center of the room naked with a tube of lube in my hand. He gives his cock two slow, languid strokes to fill the silence.
"Mm," Sherlock hummed, and then he was pulling away, slowly, and drawing up his pajama bottoms so he could walk the short trip back to the bedroom. "You can finish making it."
The idea had come from Molly after Sherlock had gone to her for a bit of unscheduled sensitivity training. John had thrown him out of the flat at four in the afternoon after the teething incident. While he’d gone to the mortuary at the time in hopes of securing a severed right foot, he had to admit that Molly was rather good at fixing his relationship flubs. He’s never given much thought to the fact that it’s probably because she spent so much time imagining
"I had so looked forward to having that cock in my arse tonight," the man whispered into his ear. "I enjoyed it last week. Did you?"
His efforts to sleep alone had been aborted after an hour of reading, followed by tossing and turning.
John swallowed, shrugged in something like defeat. “Sure that she’s... mine. If this kind of mix up happened with my sample, it might not’ve been the first time--she could be anyone’s. Are you absolutely certain that she’s--”
Still, he was intrigued. None of this information was public, nor had he told anyone he was being considered for the positions. He was sure that the dark-haired man would inform him of how he knew in just a moment, as soon as the Holmes brothers were through with their glaring. Those high cheekbones looked positively sharp in the dim lighting, as if he could cut through his brother with a single twist of his neck.
John worked them into a steady rhythm, one that pushed Sherlock’s cock through the ring of his fist with each thrust. He was resting nearly all of his weight on Sherlock’s back, holding him close with his other arm wrapped around the Omega’s chest. This meant that Sherlock could feel every movement--every breath he took, every ripple of muscle beneath his overheated skin. John’s grunts of pleasure as he worked them both to their peak were muffled by the mouthguard.
And then he was pushed off into the spotlight, face to shell-shocked face, fifteen feet from his best friend and six steps from a psychopath.
John had caught Sherlock getting out of bed around one for a late-night snack. It wasn't too uncommon these days, since John had him eating small, frequent meals to keep up his metabolism while also ensuring that he was getting more nutrients than he ever had at any other point in his adult life.
“Oh, fuck me,” he says, and then he licks his lips and peers at me through half-shut eyes. His pupils have almost overtaken the irises, and I fold myself down to kiss him again, pressing our open mouths together, barely coordinated and loudly breathy. The folds of his trousers where the fabric has bunched up around his cock rubs against my arse, reminding me of his state of dress (as if I could ever forget).
A second finger joined the first a moment later and Sherlock hummed around the pair of them, hoping the deep vibration would go directly to his flatmate's cock and serve as inspiration.
A hand splayed over his lower abdomen, pressing lightly before sliding down, forming a V with two fingers on each side of the base of his cock. Sherlock shivered when the hand moved back up, slid back down, and continued to repeat the motion. The only sound in the room was his own breathing and the gentle glide of skin on skin, the light scritching sound of those fingers parting in his pubic hair.
When John got Sherlock to sleep an hour and a half later, he watched his lover's long fingers curl into the covers just above his naval and clutch for a long moment before relaxing.
Again with those eyes. It’s hard to convince himself that he’s looking at dead air. He stops wanting to. Gives up; lets his body take control, logic be damned. Presses upwards with a searching mouth, ready to find himself in a heap on the floor. He deserves it. Expects it.
to his guest and tapped the front page twice when John looked down. "A series of what appear to be suicides, but I believe them to be murders."
Sherlock stretched out his arms to get the blood flowing again, but left the blindfold. He'd let John do the honors there, too.
One hand on his hip, one on his nape, John held a contented Sherlock close in the aftermath, coming down slowly and wishing he could chase the feeling just a bit longer. He was contemplating falling asleep without bothering to clean up--or even willingly removing himself from Sherlock’s body--when both their phones chirped with text notifications.
Part of him was reviewing everything he knew about poisons: would any of them smell damp, like a bit of mould? But there was an undercurrent of... buttered toast?... in the mix, along with an unrecognizable spice like something from the Muggle takeaway curry his parents had always favored.
The room was warmer than it had been in the early afternoon, though John wasn't sure where that extra heat was coming from. No potions were brewing, and the torches on the sides of the room seemed to be dimmer than they had been. The dark stone walls looked more cavernous than he remembered from his childhood; more haunting.
For instance, he still can’t be bothered with the shopping, and you’d be lucky to get him to eat two meals in a single day. It’s difficult to get him to read children’s stories to Hamish without changing the ends, and he loathes having to pick his son up from primary school (too many idiotic parents--honestly, why would Hamish need a “play date”?). When Sherlock had declared Hamish’s cries while he was teething two and a half years ago a “nuisance,” the Nuisance Coupons had been born.
But he knew it wasn’t time. He was weeks away from his next scheduled heat. He hadn’t missed a pill. There was no reasonable explanation unless the Alpha had practically been close enough to touch.
"I spent half the day vomiting and the other half nursing a vicious team of ice men in my head, picking away at my brain with their pointy little tools." He winced when John plucked the pillow off his head so the doctor could feel his forehead.
John stopped himself just then, squeezing his thighs together covertly as he signed the last form for the day. All he needed to do was check in on his patients and promise them he'd be back in the morning, and then he'd be able to go home.
Sherlock moved his hand up to the collar of the Dragon's shirt and softly grabbed onto it. Sherlock held on to his shirt softly as he slowly drifted off to sleep. Letting the strong heart beat of the Dragon lull him to sleep. He then felt the Dragon move slightly, which
John gets up and goes to make an potion that would be strong enough for a Dragon. John had no clue why he did not just heal himself, but then again he had no clue if a Dragon could heal themselves.
“Shhh, yes you can I will protect you and when you are nice and calm we can talk.” John said, slowly shushing him to sleep, by running his fingers through his curls and down his neck.
He sat on his knees holding one of his pillows close to his chest, not knowing what to do. Sherlock put his face in pillow and breathed in smelling that wonderful spicy musk again. But that did not prove that the Dragon was real. He could have just dreamed it all and thought it was real in his sleep.
The Dragon opens his eyes, his eye was blurry and was having trouble seeing where he was. He grabs the pillow tighter and whines out, his body hurt and his mind was going to fast making everything worse.
John leaves his hands uncuffed not wanting him to hurt himself even more. John was sure that the Dragon was not going to hurt him. From what he could see he was just as shaken up about what happened as John was.
He had put a broad hand up to show Sherlock he was not going to do anything, but Sherlock did not believe it for a second. He dashed and grabbed one of his knifes. Dragons had violent tempers. They could just as easily kill and destroy a village if they went into a rage. Sherlock was confused why one was in his house and not only that, but why did he kill the wolf and help him. Why did he not just kill him for his powers like the wolf was going go to do?.
“Uh” He trys to growl at John, but when he tried he realized how thirty he was and how bad he needed water. One of his hands move up and grabs at his throat, hoping the man he remembers from before was there and might take pity on him and give him some water.
“Are you thirty?.” John asked, as he watched the other grab at his throat. John moved to get the cup of water he had there from earlier. He picks it up and slowly moves over to the Dragon, making sure he was not going to try anything.
John can see he must have been tired, but was trying to hide it from him. John sits down next ro him and takes off the cuff. He slowly cleans the cuts, trying not to hurt him anymore then he already was at the moment. Every so often he would whine and slowly try to move, but all it toke to calm him down was soft and gentle works. Along with some slow and gentle stomach and shoulder rubs.
He started to walk out of the room and went to fetch one of his knifes in the other room, and that's when he heard a creak from the wood on the floor. Sherlock knew someone was behind him and Sherlock did not have any weapon with him, because he left them in the other room when he was sharping them. Sherlock knew he should have kept one in each room instead of having them all in one place.
Sherlock also saw that he left the door unlocked to the shack he had his fliter in so nothing would get at it or the seasons would make it dirty and wear it out. Sherlock got up and went out locking it back up and then walking back in side.
John moves to touch his wrist, but the Dragon goes to claw him and bites at him. John see's hes showing his true eyes and flashing his teeth at him. John knew he was trying to scare John off, but since he had been a hunter for all these years nearly nothing scares him anymore.
He had black curls that looked like they were soft as feathers, he wasfar to skinny and the black dress only made him look smaler. More fragile and weak, he looked like he was looking for someone to protect him.
Sherlock went over to take out a mug and walked to his water bucket.This water he had purified by boiling it to remove the germs and materials that he had realized could make local people sick. Which just reminded Sherlock of yet another think that people thought he was crazy for.
“Shh, I know it's ok.” He heard a deep voice and he was not sure if it was the same person as before or not.
John goes to his room and gets ready for sleep, not knowing what he was going to do with the dragon. John could ask it questions and study it, see which tales were true avout the dragon's. But mainly John wanted to make sure he was ok and that he would heal nicely.
John had felt bad, the Dragon was clearly just thirty and wanted water, so he pulled the cup back up to him. “Can you slow down with drinking the water?.” John asked, moving his head back up, so he could try and drink some more water. That time the Dragon heard him, so he nods and waits for the water to be held up for him.
Sherlock thought how wrong the Dragon was. Last night was actually one of the first nights he was able to sleep. Let alone him being able to sleep the whole night with out waking back up. Even then he had not really felt sleepy for weeks, which made it impossible to sleep. But now with the Dragon, softly holding him close to his warm strong body
Words sprang out to him, ‘commitment issues’, ‘meek for an alpha’, ‘pliable’. Mycroft closed the book with a snort, studying the cover as he considered his next move. John Watson was certainly a surprise, and Mycroft was not overly fond of surprises. After a moment, he tossed the book into the brightly burning fireplace.
They had had a good time today hadn’t they? John had felt something spark between them as they worked the case together. Could that really lead to the honest soul bond that John had always hoped for? But, on the other hand, could he really abandon that obviously brilliant omega to his fate with the Committee? What if he was bound to someone who refused to let him continue his career? The man might actually go mad.
John narrowed his eyes at the man. How dare he talk about Sherlock that way? Sure, Sherlock was a little heavy on the drama, and his attitude could use some work, but he didn’t deserve this. “More than you might think.”
John finally looked up at Mycroft, letting the fear and anger running through him fill his gaze momentarily as he dropped his blank mask to reveal a dangerous little smile. They locked gazes for only a moment before Mycroft let his eyes drop pointedly down to rest on the empty seat next to John. Neither alpha said anything more until they finally pulled silently up to the rendezvous point.
“Well maybe, some might think of it like that. But it’s terribly romantic to imagine having your safety and happiness being someone else’s highest priority” Molly defended herself.
For those so inclined, you can skip the entire final scene entirely without missing anything plot wise.
“I woke up yesterday afternoon, right here in this bed.” He started haltingly. Suddenly it was his turn to stare resolutely at the ugly picture as Sherlock turned to stare at him. “I woke up and before I even opened my eyes the first thing I thought, the very first thing, was how bloody stupid I was.”
Sherlock was having trouble breathing as he stared at John. The play of emotions across his face as he told his story was so honest, so open and unguarded that Sherlock didn’t quite know how to react. Everything about John was so far from the stereotypical alpha that Sherlock had never wanted, but at the same time he knew that John could be that person if Sherlock actually needed him to. As John finished he sat quietly back on his bed, letting Sherlock’s eyes roam over him as the words sank in. Sherlock pressed his lips together briefly before saying the only thing that he could think to say. “Come here.”
“Sherlock has been abducted. We will return you to your…home.”  Mycroft looked like that was the very last thing that he wanted to do.
When he woke up the second time, Sherlock was tied tightly to a hard backed chair with a blindfold tightly covering his eyes. His arm and head still throbbed but it was possible now to push it to the back of his mind and think. He forced himself to stay relaxed in the chair and attempted to gather what information he could about his surroundings. All he got in return was a low chuckle and the scent of an unfamiliar alpha.
“The hostile alpha?” Mycroft asked, knitting his brow as he thought through the possible protocols. “Do we have visual on Sherlock? Where is John?”
Sherlock could feel the smile against his skin as John pulled his hand up between them, pressing a gentle kiss against his knuckles. “Thank you.”
John could feel the blood draining from his face before suddenly rising back up with the full force of his rage behind it. “Why.” John’s voice was calm and steady. He stared at the other alpha with a deceptively mild look on his face. If the man had known John at all during the time he was in Afghanistan, he would have had the driver pull over immediately to allow John out. As it was, he had no clue.
Sorry for the cliffhanger lovelies!  I hope you liked it! John's alpha is definitely rearing its head a little.
Suddenly John pulled away with a muffled curse leaving Sherlock gasping a protest behind him. John’s voice was low and rough as he responded. “We are not doing this here.”
“And yet, you have already been solving murders together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?” John wanted to punch the other alpha in the face.  That really hit a little too close to home.
John looked at the clipboard as he pulled it into his hand. The paper attached was a Registration of Bonding, the information on the certificate already neatly filled out for the day before. The only things missing were the two signatures at the bottom of the page. "Don't we need to sign this in front of a solicitor or something?" John asked.
In Which John and Sherlock Discuss Things, Snog in Mycroft's Car, Eat a Sandwich, and also Establish their Bond
His shoulder hit first, barely breaking the fall enough to prevent him from breaking his neck as his head slammed down next. The sickening crunch and instant radiating pain from his shoulder as he hit made his eyes pop open with a gasp. He bit firmly at his lip to hold back a whimper of pain; the shoulder was surely dislocated. Lights swum drunkenly in front of his eyes as he stared up at the brightly lit ceiling above him. He was at the bottom of some sort of loading dock, the car sitting at the edge of the platform above him. Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tightly as he fought off the urge to pass out again. It would lead to nothing good, he was sure.
"This is completely unnecessary John." Sherlock protested, pulling away from the alpha with narrowed eyes.
The man didn’t respond, shooting Sherlock another dirty look before stepping into the hall and shutting the door.
“No!” John sputtered, releasing his sleeve as he jerked to look at Sherlock. “That’s not what I’m saying at all! I just, well, I want you to know that you have other options. I would help you if you decided you wanted to...” John paused for a moment, wracking his mind to explain exactly what he was trying to say. “If you wanted to do something else.”
“Dr. John Watson, this is DI Lestrade.” Sherlock said, obviously already tired of the repeated introductions. “Lestrade, this is John.” Turning back to the room Sherlock absently rubbed his hands together. “Now, back to business; what do we know?”
Roughly fifteen minutes after he woke up, the car stopped moving. Instantly Sherlock let himself fall limp, it was far better to maintain the illusion that he was still soundly unconscious. It did become rather difficult to maintain the deception when the hatch to the boot opened and he was dragged out of the car by his hair and dropped headfirst onto a hard concrete floor.
Anthea took the board back, tucking it neatly under her arm again as her phone pinged a notification at her. "I will file this immediately." She turned to walk away.
“Interested in Sherlock? Why?” John looked critically at the man, “I’m guessing you’re not friends.”
As always I will adore you forever if you would take a few moments to leave a comment to tell me whether you liked it or not and why! Constructive criticism is always always appreciated. Thanks to everyone who left a review on the last chapter, you are all superstars!
Stiff silence descended on the room until a shrill ringing broke through. Mycroft’s hand instantly went to his pocket and pulled out the mobile nestled there. After a glance at the screen he tucked it away. “I’m afraid that I must run. I wanted to take some time to check on you, but duty calls. There’s a bit of an uprising in Egypt; you understand of course.”
“Shit.” He swore lightly to himself, suddenly wishing desperately for his gun. The way he saw it, there was really only one way to go, but no one said that he had to like it. After a few moments, John walked outside.
Another interesting development was the scent radiating from the alpha. Clean cedar over faint hints of bergamot and pine, Sherlock couldn’t help but breathe deeply to take in its nuances.  Sherlock’s entire life was spent around alphas of every type, but he hadn’t ever been so taken in by the pheromones they released. Usually he was able to brush them off fairly quickly as another layer of data before moving on. On the surface, that was a good sign- biologically they would be compatible. Not that that meant much to Sherlock since he had no interest in the process of having pups at all. That would have to be made clear he noted to himself.
The man sat back again, and looked at John with interest in his eyes. “Well, if you were to ask him he would probably say his arch-enemy. He does love to be dramatic.”
John shook his head, something sad playing behind his eyes. "I practically tore the house to pieces looking for you before I ever saw that text. I thought someone had taken you. Maybe I overreacted, but maybe I didn't. If you'll remember, you just got out of the hospital yesterday from your last abduction."
There were several scars across John’s chest, varying from small and well faded, likely obtained in childhood, to the bright red of his wounded shoulder. Sherlock traced each one as John murmured their origins in his ear, until finally there was only the large bullet wound left. Sherlock was hesitant to touch it, gently brushing his fingers along the outer edges as he inspected the puckered tissue. He didn’t miss how John froze as he looked at the shoulder, the alpha holding his breath as if he were afraid of Sherlock’s reaction. Gently Sherlock leaned forward to press a soft kiss to the injured flesh there before moving on.
“It’s the law Sherlock.” Mycroft resisted the urge to yell. He knew this conversation was never going to go well but that would only make it impossible. “You knew this was coming. It’s not exactly a surprise.”
“I’m not sure I really want to get used to him to be perfectly honest.”  John protested, even as he realized that it was a lie. Sure the man was apparently mad as a hatter, but for the first time in a while John felt more than just the muffled depression he had come to know. There was just something about Sherlock that called to him instinctually.
Sherlock stood, replacing his scarf as he looked at John one last time “I don’t think I would mind having an alpha so much, if that alpha was you.” With that, Sherlock turned and walked quietly out of the restaurant, leaving John staring at an abandoned cane behind him.
Mike, damn him, laughed. “Sherlock can come on a bit strong,” Well, if that wasn’t the understatement of the bloody year. “But he is brilliant at what he does. You get used to him.”
John sighed, trying to figure out how to approach the subject. He wasn’t good at these things. He never had been one to sit down and just have a conversation about things; it was probably the reason that ‘Three Continents Watson’ had never managed to have any kind of significant relationship past a few casual dates.
It was softer than before, more careful, Sherlock noticed. John was making an effort to go slow for him, keeping the kiss light and sweet as he moved closer to press himself against Sherlock. The hand at the back of his head lightly moved to play in his curls as the other reached to caress his arm, leaving a trail of fire behind as it travelled upwards. Sherlock moaned slightly as the fingers gently began to stroke his neck and trail softly around the outer edge of his ear. Sherlock had never before appreciated exactly how sensitive one’s ears could be.
The thick tension hung in the air as John stared hard at Greg, silently weighing his words. Greg did his best to convey without words exactly how relieved he was that the other alpha had shown up, and how little he truly wanted to submit any kind of claim. Thankfully John's presence as Sherlock's alpha made the pheromones hanging in the air much more bearable, and Greg was able to think much more clearly.
Sherlock leaned forward, pulling John’s lips back to his in deep kiss as the Alpha’s hands played along the waistband of his trousers. The cool air nipped gently at his chest in perfect contrast to the warmth of John’s skin.  Sherlock realized that he hadn’t even noticed the alpha taking off his own shirt. Sherlock pulled back suddenly, needing a moment to breathe as he took in the sensations washing over him. John seemed to understand, leaning back calmly as he let the omega’s eyes trail over him.
The alpha snarled- the voice so cruel and surprisingly unfamiliar. Sherlock hadn't known the man could even sound like that.
John had learned more about the hidden inner workings of the English government in the last few minutes while listening to Mycroft bark orders over the phone than he had ever thought to know. However, he honestly couldn’t focus on the man, the orders, or the buildings flying by outside the window as they raced closer to Sherlock.
After a few moments John carefully manoeuvred them down until they were lying on the bed together, spent and exhausted. John was murmuring in his ear, but Sherlock couldn’t quite understand the words through the haze surrounding him. Eventually John stopped in favour of pressing a kiss to the tender mark on his shoulder, setting off another round of trembling aftershocks. They stayed there, lying quietly together in the aftermath. It wasn’t long until Sherlock’s eyes slid shut with a satisfied sigh. John reached to pull the thick comforter over them, and together they slipped into contented sleep.
Sherlock moaned and arched his back into the bite, at once pressing into the pleasure and trying to buck free of the other alpha. His blood was singing with the need to regain control.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” he says, suddenly breathless. His hands move to my naked waist below my dressing gown, pulling me closer. I can feel the cuffs of his shirt and the metallic chill of his cufflinks against my skin. It makes me shiver a bit with pure anticipation.
The sound of all the air being sucked in his chest and the dull thud from the other side of the building played for him whenever his chambers got too quiet. It didn't matter that he'd been able to fix cracked ribs with a wave of his wand, and it didn't make it better that he'd been able to stop the bleeding and guarantee that no scars would mar white skin.
My right hand, which would normally curl against his cock and golden pubic hair to keep everything steady, is instead pressed into the groin of his suit trousers, occasionally meeting the bottom hem of his jacket. The trousers can’t contain the smell of him, the smell of his sex clouding my head and making me want to pull him even closer.
He hated thinking about such things--the what ifs, data that couldn't be proven or disproven by science. They took up too much space; haunted him in the daytime when he couldn't force them to delete. Everything was there, reminding him day in and day out that the people in his life had worlds of their own when he wasn't there--and when he wasn't
The doctor crept up behind him (well, not actually, surely Sherlock knew he was there) and slid his arms around the other man from behind. He pressed his lips to the bit of skin just above the hem of Sherlock's neckline.
When he went to Sherlock a moment later and crouched down next to him on the cold tile, hand pressed to the small of the pregnant man's back, he couldn't help thinking how brilliant it was to have this knowledge; to know that they were one step closer to the more they'd been seeking.
He'd asked the salesperson at the sex shop for a pair of leather cuffs he'd be able to tie himself into.
His cock was in John's mouth before he had time to think about the fact that he hadn't come from John's orgasm alone. Those lips were now wrapped around him, pleasuring him as they'd done in dreams. The dreams didn't compare to this--to the knowledge that they'd both remember this as a real event, that John was dipping his tongue into the slit as his lover rather than his dreamer. And--
"Well, thank you. Unless I shouldn’t be?" John asked. The Headmaster looked up from his desk and gestured to the seat in front of him, which John took.
sentimental, had needed nothing more than the reassuring warmth of the other man in his arms. Only for a moment, only long enough to end their shouting and put it behind them and simply calm themselves enough to sit down and drink their tea. Talk it over; work it out. End the shouting.
And as he watched John reverently press his lips to Annabelle’s curly blonde head as she slept on in his arms, he decided it might not be so unpleasant to take a step into the unknown if John Watson was by his side.
“I was roughly the size of a juvenile Orca,” Sherlock said, remembering how distinctly unsexy pregnancy had felt; how he’d constantly been told how he was
“Please,” he gasps into my mouth, thrusting up as much as he can to meet me, and I know he wants it harder, faster, rougher. I’m riding him leisurely now, slow enough that I can feel the tantalizing stretch every time my body comes close to releasing him. I’m memorizing the way his thighs tremble in his suit, how his shoulders feel when I wrap my arms around them, fully clothed and quaking. There’s sweat on the back of his neck, making his collar moist under my fingertips. “Please,” he says again when I stop, leaving him buried deep as I shift my hips in a torturously slow circle.
I look up when he calls my name, crossing the threshold into the kitchen like he expects to find something corroding, and that’s when I see him for the first time today. It gives me pause, and time slows to allow me a moment of visual exploration.
“John,” Sherlock says again, a bit louder. As his lover hums into consciousness, Sherlock shakes his head to dispel his curls from his eyes, kisses John’s unmarked shoulder. “Good morning. Happy Christmas.”
John huffs a laugh and attempts to kick off his shoes where they’re buried under the pile of clothes that has fallen haphazardly. “I guess that makes logical sense, mm?” He leans forward for a kiss, now clad only in his socks. When he draws away, he leaves his hand on my chest, tender, so different from the man who bruisingly dug his fingers into my hips five minutes ago. “I didn’t hurt you, did I? I got a bit enthusiastic at the end there.”
John looked down the hall, noting that four doors down was the room Mycroft had said contained the wardrobe with the Pensieve.
“Of course not, John, you know as well as I that we just barely made it through that heat without giving in to a bond!” Sherlock realized their voices were raising incrementally when a woman walking by eyed him, scandalized. He lowered his voice, keeping the intensity: “It’s not a matter of settling. We wanted--we want each other. It was just like in your daydream meet-cute, except this isn’t as clean-cut.”
John was kneeling behind Sherlock, almost flush against him, thighs to thighs, and when he began to move inside him, Sherlock realized that they were creating a pace, a movement not unlike that of the ocean's give and take. They fell into it easily, and Sherlock found himself tugging at his restraints to help John with the strain on his thighs.
No luck. The warm liquid slipped along the back of his throat, sinking down into the pit of his stomach like drinking lead.
It’s surprisingly simple to push my first two fingers inside, scissoring a bit to ensure a sufficient coating of the lubricant. My body is still primed from the muscle memory of a good seeing-to just yesterday morning, when we’d rolled over from sleep and had a slow, blissful morning of lovemaking.
For a long moment, Sherlock wonders if John has fallen back asleep, but then his sleepy partner peeks out of one eye to observe his curly-haired bedmate.
One of the attending nurses knocked on the doorway of the staff room, stepping in cautiously. There was a strange look on her face, like she was confused and sympathetic at the same time.
He was three blocks away, enjoying the smell of spring in the air, when he was grabbed and pulled sharply into an alleyway. He was about to fucking kill the man when he realized the placement of the hands. One on his hip, one on his shoulder.
Not kill the man, maybe, but they could certainly ship him off to America or somewhere on a special assignment. Anything to get him away from London. If he was wandering through Regent’s Park on a Tuesday, his life unknowingly orbited that of his daughter.
John unzipped his jacket and pulled his jumper and undershirt over his head. Sherlock was laid out for him and apparently willing, but that was about all John could say for the picture presented to him. Sherlock's cock was soft, nestled in a coarse tuft of black hair, and his legs were slightly spread.
He didn't want it to be over, but he did want to experience John's orgasm. He didn't want that sleeping form upstairs to wake a moment before climax and leave them both unsatisfied.
They had taught him this in Dumbledore's Army--how to fight the Imperious Curse was an important aspect of surviving the Carrow reign.
He heard the voice again while he was filling out some paperwork by the nurses' station, and again, he had to bite his lip to keep himself from shouting for the man to wait when he heard him walking away.
“I woke up and now I can’t sleep,” that deep voice rumbled against his neck, licking up to John’s ear with a pointed tongue. “I tried masturbating, but I can’t do it comfortably.”
John raised a surprised eyebrow down at the frying egg, but he didn't say anything. Sherlock hated doctors--he hated being a patient. John had told him he'd be willing to perform a physical for him to determine if he really needed to see a reproduction specialist, but Sherlock had insisted on keeping John's work separate from the bedroom.
But the man crawled up Sherlock’s body and let their cocks align for a moment, pressed together and leaking. Sherlock’s was significantly smaller--as was normal with male Omegas--but when the sensitive head rubbed up against the smoldering knot at John’s base, he thought he might die from the anticipation.
They had an agreement of sorts. Sherlock wasn't supposed to deduce John if he could avoid it. And by "avoid it," they had decided that he would keep his observations to himself.
John sighed and dressed again. He didn't like wandering about the castle in his night robes--had always considered the professors who did so to be just a tad unprofessional--and set off for the seventh floor.
He didn't even know the man's name, but he'd taken it up the arse for him more in the last year than his husband had.
There were a dozen thoughts that probably should’ve been going through John’s mind--most of which involved some level of concern for his impending children and also questions of his own sanity for choosing this man as the bearer of his children.
The strangest by far, though, was meeting the Weasley children, which brought him to his second point of anxiety: his first emergency as Hogwarts's Healer.
“Careful of bees, Annabelle,” Sherlock called as she took a few steps further into the space between two rose bushes. He hadn’t seen or heard any bees so far that morning, but he knew she got anxious around them. He wasn’t keen to find out if she was allergic just yet, and he was making an effort to keep her fearless. The longer she stayed curious about the world and open to new experiences, the better.
My right hand slips up from his elbow, curls over his shoulder and around to the nape of his neck, where the starched collar of his dove-grey dress shirt ends with the neck of the suit jacket, and then there’s just a flash of skin before his hair begins. It’s gotten a bit long in recent weeks, but I like it as my fingers brush through it and take in the many textures—cotton, wool blend, skin, silver-gold hair—and then I pull him toward me, giving him a moment to back a way (but also knowing that he won’t).
“What are you looking at?” Sherlock got down on his knees and leaned in close to the roses. “Can you see the veins in the petals, just here?”
One of his hands found its way into Sherlock’s hair, not pulling or pushing, just resting as a point of contact. Sherlock tapped one of his hips--a signal for him to lift so he could pull down his jeans--and when he lowered himself again, the pants remained.
John wanted to tell Sherlock that it wasn't an experiment, but he understood the need for comparison. There was something in the way he was looking away rather than at John, the way he was fidgeting rather than holding his ground. He actually
Sherlock nodded. John wanted him to speak, but he wasn't sure what he could say to bring a conversation into the mix.
"As soon as the Aurors were sure they'd get no further words out of him, he informed us that you had been given a potion that would leave you incapacitated for several days--something just short of the drought of living death." The Headmaster paused and tapped the feathery end of his quill against a bit of parchment on his desk. "You would need looking after. With his determination to leave the castle, he hand-picked six house elves to administer your care."
There wasn't much of a question there; no hint that Sherlock was looking for his partner to agree or disagree.
He felt like he’d been waiting years for John Watson to get undressed and get inside him, but he hadn’t even been in the flat for a quarter hour.
. But John Watson was different, wasn’t he? Sherlock had been in his physical presence for less than three minutes, and he could already tell.
And it wasn't even that he'd walk around with the knowledge that he'd let another man suck his prick, it was that he knew he'd use this blow job as wanking material until the next time he got laid.
Sherlock found it fascinating that John’s eyes had dilated slightly and his voice picked up a certain growling quality that belied his alpha nature as he spoke on the subject. He found himself looking at the man in a suddenly very different way. “Exactly.” He murmured in agreement, before giving John one of his rare genuine smiles. Yes, he suspected John Watson would do nicely. Now Sherlock just had to convince him that he
Just as the man opened his mouth to press the issue, his phone began to ring. Without breaking eye contact with John, he picked up the call. “Mycroft.”
Sherlock’s mind was moving hundreds of miles a minute. As soon as a thought formed he was already moving on to the next one as he tried to fit the puzzle together.  Who was John Watson? Where had he come from? Sherlock could read the obvious bits clearly enough, but what exactly had made him who he was? Sherlock was suddenly desperate to know what made John Watson so captivatingly different from other alphas he had known. Sherlock wanted all of his secrets, wanted to take the man apart and see how the pieces fit together.
Wetting his lips slightly with the tip of his tongue, Sherlock considered what he could possibly say. “I’m rather nervous.” He eventually responded. There, that was obvious enough to start with.
“Well, hello there!” The voice was high and nearly screeching in an affectedly childish manner. The woman who walked up to Sherlock was slender and dressed to kill in a skin tight red dress. He bit back another groan as she poked him none too gently in the ribs with the toe of her high heeled boot.
After walking for a moment through the familiar halls, he entered the study. Reaching up, he chose a slim book with the name John Watson on the cover. It was a recent addition to his library, and apparently much of the information in this book was wrong.  Paging through, he viewed the various reports he had gathered over the last several hours.
John raised an eyebrow as he looked incredulously at the other man. “Is that really the argument you want to go with here?”
John's face burned as red as he took in the picture that he must make, kneeling on the floor in the midst of a panic attack. He really hoped that Sherlock was right and that Mycroft didn't have cameras in the house. John would never be able to look the older alpha in the face again.
With a dirty look and a snarl of her own Sally Donovan spun and stormed into the house, leaving the two men to make their way in on their own.
“Good.” Suddenly John was leaning across the bed. Sherlock expected him to immediately go in for a bruising kiss, and was surprised when John reached out a hand to touch Sherlock’s cheek, fingers trailing down to cup his cheek. “You are beautiful, do you know that?”
“Doubtful.” Sherlock responded with a snort and a toss of his head as he crossed his arms and slid down the seat in an obvious sulk. “Mycroft’s people are generally annoyingly loyal. He will take us wherever Mycroft wants us, and that’s it.”
Everything from Sherlock’s dark curls to the long tapered fingers of his hand, was uniquely interesting to John. The alpha had had been with his share of people, omega and beta alike, but never had someone commandeered his senses like Sherlock. He really should have suspected something sooner; the man had captured him entirely the moment he had stalked up, riding crop in hand, and asked John where he had served. The omega’s brilliance was incandescent, and John was a moth drawn to the flame.
"If you didn't need me then you shouldn't have asked for my help." Sherlock hissed as he tucked himself further into that ridiculous coat.
Straightening up, Sherlock turned fully to the man with interest. “Elaborate.”  Damn, there was always something.
“Oh. Of course.” She looked away.” I just thought I would offer. It can be good to talk about things that are bothering you. “
John was up in second, hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. “Lay down Sherlock!” The alpha hissed, pressing him back into the mattress. “Omega healing or not, you are still injured!”
John tapped the number on the phone to call the omega. It rang exactly twice before forwarding to voicemail. Swearing softly, John tried again. This time it only rang once. Sherlock was ignoring his calls.
“One does not enter a knife fight without expecting to be cut John. I’m fine, it’s a surface wound.” Sherlock dismissed, staring at the alpha with narrowed eyes. “Now what did he do?”
The car was silent for several moments. John could again feel Mycroft studying him intently for a moment.  “Well then,” he eventually spoke up thoughtfully, “it’s a good thing we have a Doctor with us, isn’t it?”
Disclaimer: if you are presented with a knife to your neck, Sherlock's plan to get out of it is likely one of the worst things you can possibly do. There are ways to break the hold in that situation, but none of them were available to Sherlock at the time. Do not use this story as any kind of recommendation for any self defense purposes, it will not work.
The man smelled fantastic. John had been around other omegas before of course, even a few unbonded, but he had never smelled an omega that affected him quite like the faintly spicy scent of oranges and cloves wafting from the man in front of him.  John was so distracted that he almost missed it when the man finally spoke, “Afghanistan, or Iraq?”
Mike nodded with sympathy. “That’s rough Johnny boy,” he said, even though it sounded slightly odd from a man who was actually a year or 2 younger than himself. “Have you thought about setting out your shingle somewhere? Surgery isn’t everything, and I always thought you would make a good GP.”
“Yeah, I like to come here after work now and again when I want to relax with a pint before heading home.” He handed John his drink, and surprised him by handing over a basket of chips as well.
John felt a sharp tingle along his spine when the car finally slid to a halt outside of an impressive townhouse. “So this is the safe house then? Not quite what I had expected.” The house was large and covered in frothy decoration with a flower filled garden surrounding its walls. It looked more like something John’s grandmother might have coveted than any kind of government bolthole.
“Mmm.” Mycroft hummed, bouncing lightly on the balls of his feet as he leaned against his umbrella. “I would rather like to think that I’m a bit more than ‘just’ his older brother Doctor Watson. At the moment, I’m his legal guardian and alpha as well.”
The bright light pouring through the window was blinding. Burying his face into the plush pillow, the scent of oranges and cloves slowly stirred John’s senses towards wakefulness.
John couldn’t just sit here and do this, knowing that Sherlock was watching. He stood up and began to pace as he spoke, using the careful steps to keep time- to keep his nerve. “I haven’t done anything but pine for a pack since I came back from the war. Then here I was, just going about my life, trying to avoid biting a bullet for at least one more day when a perfect opportunity fell into my lap.”
“There are clinics all over London.” Mike pointed out. “You are a damn good doctor. You will find a place.”
“No, don’t worry about it.” John looked at the younger man through the corner of his eye. Sherlock was staring at his lap, face still carefully blank.  He looked almost calm, if you could ignore the tension radiating from his shoulders and the harsh grip of his fingers buried in the sheets. “I understand.”
In which John wakes up to an Unwelcome Surprise, has a Moment at a Crime Scene, and Pisses off Anthea Royally.
The plan would have gone perfectly, if not for the woman in red’s appearance in the doorway just as Booth and Henderson moved in. Everything froze for a split second before all hell broke loose.  John couldn’t tell where she had been hiding the pistol in that tiny outfit, but she was obviously used to handling it without hesitation.
“Exactly.” John looked away. “I’m not upset about it though. Clara has been doing great things for Harry, she always had a bit of a problem with the bottle but she’s been doing well. She’s a lot younger than me too; she just turned 21 this year. I was 17 when Harry was born and people always assumed she was my daughter; it was hard for her. I’m happy for them.”
"I don't want you to stop taking cases!" John slammed his hand on his leg for emphasis, startling Sherlock and causing the taller man to pull back slightly.
“You did go to prison.” Sherlock shot back which only resulted in another laugh and a promise to bring their drinks soon.
“Why wait?” Sherlock asked. “If no one was answering the door, why not call emergency services immediately?”
The part of his mind that belonged to the soldier, well trained on the battlefield, knew that the angles of the cut and the lack of arterial spray meant that nothing critical had been severed. The doctor in him knew that as long as his jugular and trachea were intact, he had every possibility of surviving this with quick medical care. The other part, the darker and more instinctive part, just saw Sherlock lying on a cold and dirty concrete floor, bleeding out at his feet.
“An undue hardship?”  John felt something in his chest twinge slightly. “Is that how you feel then?”
The omega only hummed in response. After a few moments he looked up at John. “I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work.”
“Anything thing on the menu, whatever you want, for free,” he boomed in that deep voice. At John’s look he continued. “This man got me off of a murder charge. He cleared my name!”
“Um, Excuse me.” John looked up in surprise at the interruption, they young beta women stood awkwardly behind him. “Sorry to interrupt your- this. Sherlock, I brought this thing you asked for.” She held out a familiar length of metal; John’s cane he realized with shock. “Anyway, I have a dinner date so we’ll catch up later okay?” she said into the awkward silence before setting the cane down and hurrying off, obviously relieved to escape the tension between the two.
“Oh God, no,” John realized that his hands were shaking, and his leg was in agony. Slowly, he sank to his knees and fought the urge to vomit as every cell in his body screamed at him to go now and find the omega.
Sherlock leaned forward to trail his hand along Johns arm, fingers tracing the vein that flowed from elbow to wrist and back. John sucked in a breath as Sherlock’s fingers danced over the sensitive skin. Sherlock lifted John’s hand, tracing the lines of his palm as he inspected it carefully; these hands had saved lives and they had killed for him. Acting purely on instinct, Sherlock brought the fingers to his mouth, gently pressing a kiss to each fingertip.
"I don't feel like joking right now Sherlock." John sighed as he followed the omega into the car. "I'm still angry with you. What were you thinking?"
Was this a test? Sherlock looked at John evenly for a moment. “In the course of a conversation I was able to deduce not only your military history but also your medical and familial history as well. Yes, I am very good.” There was no point in being falsely modest.
It took every shred of will power John had not to immediately run across the floor and rip him away from Sherlock with his bare hands.  His inner alpha was screaming in rage as he took in the sight of the omega, cataloguing the obvious injuries and the almost professional grip of the man holding him.
The inside of the house was beautifully understated. Warm woods and colours created warmness even as the expense of the contents let you know that someone very successful lived there. It was all very impressive until they stepped into the study and the smell of death hit their noses.
“Dull. Boring. Unnecessary.” Sherlock fell to the couch with a petulant expression. “I can think of 47 things that I could be doing at right this moment that would be more useful than this conversation.  Fix it now, so I may return to my Work.”
Silence stretched for a few moments before John slowly answered. “I would say a private detective but…” the sentence trailed off.
At Sherlock’s decidedly sceptical look John turned his entire body to the omega. John leaned forward
he told himself as he left the bedroom. Deep down, he knew that the house was far too quiet for that.
“A trait that has served me well in the past brother mine.” Mycroft pointed out mildly. “And you as well, if I recall.”
The conversation stretched into silence for several minutes as they each became lost in their thoughts. Eventually though, Sherlock spoke again. “You said several, what was the other mistake?”
“Hm.”  The man began prowling around him like a large, deadly cat. John suppressed his natural urge to keep his back away from the strange man. What was going on here? “Do you have any particular feelings about the violin?”
Sherlock heard the gunshots outside and thanked every deity he could think of. Faintly he noticed an odd feeling of resentment that he needed someone to get him out of this situation, but it was pushed away by an overwhelming tidal wave of relief that they were finally here. Robert looked up with a mildly displeased frown, as if he had been interrupted while reading an interesting article in the paper rather than doing his level best to see exactly how much pain he could inflict on his prisoner without having the omega pass out on him again. Sherlock was fairly certain his nose was broken, blood dribbled down his face past his split lip. His body ached everywhere beneath bruises and cuts.   Apparently, both Robert and his mate shared a penchant for torture.
“There is nothing wrong with my legs. Besides, if they can’t even trust me to be able to walk to the car on my own then why would they discharge me at all?”
Sherlock's eyes were angry slits as he stood to look at Mycroft. “You know what I want. I want to live my life. If you can’t fix it for me, I will have to find someone else.”
“Now wait just a second.” John sputtered rounding the table as he gave in to his instinct to put some distance between himself and the omega. “Who said anything about bondmates?”
Henderson hadn’t wanted to let him come in at all until the dust had settled, but with a few words from Mycroft she had backed down. John could feel the pressure of the gun they had handed him digging reassuringly into the small of his back; it wasn’t quite as familiar as the army issue hidden back in his bedsit, but it felt good to have.
“If you would simply answer my calls then this,” Mycroft gestured mildly around the room, “would be unnecessary.”
Sherlock turned back to the body. “The woman was tortured. There is no bruising around the mouth so she wasn’t gagged. She would have screamed; quite a lot I imagine. More than likely she was tortured for information. I’m sure that if you check on the victim’s business contacts you will find that not all of her treasures came to her in the most ethical way.
Sherlock forced himself out of the memory and back to the present. He wasn't in an alley; he was in a bed with John. Carefully, so as not to wake the sleeping man, Sherlock pried the fingers from his wrist before slipping from the mattress.
“This cheque is yours, Doctor Watson,” the man continued “under the condition that you take Sherlock Holmes as your bondmate before 48 hours are up. You may then proceed to break all ties with him if you so wish; the money will still be yours.”
He could feel the knot began to swell as John moved inside him, each movement bringing a fresh wave of bliss crashing down over him as he hit that spot over and over. An endless stream of incomprehensible pleas and moans poured from his mouth as John set the pace. It was all he could do to keep his hands knotted in the sheets as the feelings rained down on him.
“Colleague?” he asked, incredulous. John thought it was rather interesting that that was the only noteworthy part of the sentence. What exactly was Sherlock’s role here?
“Well, that’s comforting.” John looked around the house. The grandma chic theme continued inside as well. There were vases of flowers and doilies on every table. Expensive looking knickknacks were arranged neatly on shelves and tucked into alcoves. The sofa was a rather alarming shade of pink and covered in plastic. “This is not what I would have pictured for Mycroft’s house either.”
There you are lovelies, Chapter 4! I hope you liked it! Love it or hate it I would ADORE you forever if you would just shoot me a quick review to let me know what you think!
Finally he felt the pressure of John’s cock pressing against him. Sherlock gasped, instantly trying to rock back onto the alpha until John pinned him against the bed with a low growl. “Be still.” Sherlock froze instantly with a deep groan; at this point he could no more refuse his alpha than he could walk to the moon.
“Why?” She was getting off on this, John realized. Pushing her weight around like that was far even for alphas, something was going on between the two and he didn’t like it.
Blinking slightly John took in the room. The kitchen was enormous, the commercial grade appliances and counters were gleaming stainless steel. He could have cooked for an entire army in the huge room.  Sherlock padded across the floor as if it was a completely normal kitchen, and John supposed that for him it must have been.
Sherlock was bleeding from a wound on his neck, the fresh new blood mingling with the old that still painted his skin. In that moment, John would have happily brought the alpha back to life just to kill him more slowly. John ripped off his shirt, using the absorbent fabric to press against the wound, trying desperately to stop the bleeding.
His hand on the back of my neck creeps up into my hair, gently, regretfully pulling me away even as I willingly retreat. I give his cock one last kiss, wetly, holding his eyes once more as I let my tongue snake out to collect the bead of moisture at the tip.
If Sherlock was happy to see him, he didn't show it, though that could've been the woman's presence.
“You picked me up from an escort service, obviously.” Sherlock stood, stepped away from the bed. John upped himself onto his elbows and scooted back to watch as his husband started to unbutton his shirt slowly, spreading the shirt open as he went. “The website would have had pictures, of course. Maybe some of the men were too young for you, others too breakable, some too posh.” John scoffed at the idea that
And there was so much to enjoy. There was the way Sherlock's skin seemed to burn against John, the soft jump of muscle and unbidden twitches of limbs when John touched a new expanse of skin with his lips and tongue. The soft sounds from both of them (once Sherlock stopped trying to boss John around), sighs and breath and little queues that said "Yes, more of that, do that again" without needing to speak.
His hips surged upwards, seeking solace from the intense pleasure that was bordering on pain, only to sink deeper into the doctor's waiting mouth.
John scrubbed his hands over his face. He wanted to reply back that the cycle would still be continuing when he got home, but there was something about the fact that he was getting a text in the middle of the day that was urging him home for sex that was especially tempting.
"Sherlock--" John turned and watched as the other man bent, picking up his wand from where he'd dropped it before their kiss. His stomach turned when he found himself under the wand's aim. Sherlock was approaching him slowly with the wand pointed, his face looking pale and torn. "What's going on, Sherlock?"
He could feel his balls drawing up and he pumped into that tight hand-and-mouth combination, grappling with the wall for anything to keep him on his feet, something to get him through the wall and closer to the other man. He was so close, but he needed just a bit more. The stranger had gotten everything right so far, had worked him so well, he just needed to--
Each professor was assigned different wings and floors to patrol, though it was generally closer to the professor's own quarters, so that when their shift ended, they would be free to retire. Not to mention that the castle was so large, there were still parts of it John hadn't had chances to explore.
John was torturing him, though; he refused to fully seat himself without a few tentative thrusts, thrusts that made it feel like he had half the length on him that he did. Knowing full well what John and his cock were capable of, Sherlock let himself push back against John’s prompting, begging for the itch to be scratched.
The O-brand was still present in the air, but it was becoming less and less effective with every moment. Their bodies were giving off more and more of their own pheromones as the peak grew closer. Sherlock could sense that John’s self-control was dwindling, and he took advantage of it in the only way he knew how.
John looked back at Sherlock, who had straightened and was considering the people around him with one of his silent, observant gazes that made John wish he could share some kind of telepathic uplink with the man just to understand what went on in his head, even for a minute.
A warm swarm of butterflies took off in his stomach at the thought, not completely unwelcome. He could only hope John couldn’t feel them fluttering away beneath his fingers.
“I’ve put away the shopping. Apparently your experiment wasn’t all that....” John trailed off, his eyes dropping to Sherlock’s fore and middle fingers, which had been absently moving in and out of the fleshy silicone hole he held in his lap. “Is that--”
The head of John's cock pressed insistently against his body and Sherlock held his breath. He hadn't known he'd wanted this so much until four days ago. Now he doubted he'd ever avoid sleep again if John regularly had dreams such as this.
Shuffling closer on his knees, Sherlock snapped the cap shut and tossed the lubricant toward the head of the bed. He guided John’s hand to flip the toy over and scooted a little closer. If they started on their knees, things could progress naturally.
Sherlock would’ve thought this, but he knew with absolute certainty that he had interpreted the flinch for exactly what it was: an involuntary reaction, something Sherlock Holmes probably never imagined his body capable of with all of that discipline and mind work.
At the slightest upward push from the antagonistic alpha’s hand, John was pressing him harder into the mattress, dropping down on top of him like a stone. His hips moved at a slower, more commanding pace with a certain ferocity behind each thrust. Teeth grazed his collarbone and the toy dug into his stomach and the lack of control was so positively
With a twist of his hips, John hit something inside of Sherlock that sparked a renewed need. He panted through his teeth, nearly there. Just--
“No,” John said quietly, shaking off the temptation and instead tearing at the buttons on Sherlock’s chest. The first two were already done, but moving down while Sherlock thrashed against him was enough of a distraction from the bared neck. His fingers tightened around Sherlock’s wrists, pressing and squeezing so he couldn’t tell whose pulse he was counting.
John's right hand tapped twice against his right thigh from behind him and Sherlock took it as a queue to spread his knees. He did as requested, wondering if this was another instance where he wouldn't hear John speak until climax.
They were in Sherlock's quarters and it was nearly dawn, but John was too high-strung on adrenaline to be worried about the fact that he'd be knackered all through his Monday morning duties.
Because John--John Watson was having something of an attack in his head. He'd imagined a thousand different ways this test could go wrong. The heartbeat could be dim, or gone. They could see nothing, even though he'd slept spooned against Sherlock with his fingers on the barely-there baby bump just the night before.
“You’re covering yourself up because you think you’re different--and you are, but not in a bad way. I know you’re a vain man, Sherlock Holmes. No one dresses themselves in fine clothes and poofs out their hair like you do without a level of vanity. And I appreciate every single tousled curl--not to mention my admiration for the man who tailors all those trousers to fit your arse. But you don’t have to have a tailored waistline for me, Sherlock--your body is growing and changing because we’re having a baby--fuck, we’re having
“Just one night?” The receptionist asked. He had rather untidy hair and looked a little out of place in such a posh hotel. But the place was on Mycroft’s tab while the flat was inspected and de-pinkified, so John couldn’t complain.
“Two names can’t be that hard to choose with all these options.” John paused on the letter E, noticing Edith and--Early? Who would name their child “Early?”
"You're very loyal, very quickly, Professor Watson," the Headmaster said. It didn't sound like a warning or a threat. An observation, that was all.
John edged up the bed a bit and rested his hand on Sherlock’s arm. “Where’s this coming from, then?”
"Another volunteer, please," he said, eyes scanning along the classroom as Rose Weasley returned to her seat, looking defeated. God, she was just like her mother.
John looked up at the ornate statue that guarded the office and said "Lemon cake" to make it spring to life. He ascended the steps mindfully, wondering why he still felt sleepy, even after sleeping in later than he'd usually be allowed.
Sherlock met John’s eyes over the candlelight and empty wine glasses, and a warmth spread through his stomach, reminding him of schoolboy crushes before he’d ever completely understood the dynamics at play with Alphas and Omegas, before he’d presented and come to resent romance entirely.
Yes, it was only for a few brief moments, but those moments were enough to attempt to sever his connection to his other half.
Sherlock clenched his teeth, his entire body tensing with the movement. It was another moment of small circles being rubbed into his back before he relaxed marginally. “I was fourteen.”
“Yes, because she was the older twin by an entire fourteen minutes and yet she was the less-loved Watson child.” Sherlock drew a large black X on three pages of names, but John wasn’t going to ask about it. He was sure he’d see it in his own copy when he went to browse later. “Our children won’t be quite so untamable, but if I didn’t expect a certain level of rebellion and outspokenness from them, I wouldn’t be giving our respective genetics enough credit.”
A gentle squeeze to his silk-covered elbow would suffice, and he knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that his own touch would never stain Sherlock’s skin with more than a flush of pleasure.
John closed his eyes, waiting for the kiss, waiting for the aforementioned lips to press against his. He was suddenly lost in this fantasy, and he could see it clearly. Could feel the apprehension in the pit of his stomach, the same way he’d been nervous about taking his friendship with Sherlock to another level. First kiss, first time, marriage. All of those nerves were back.
Sherlock felt himself slowly being pulled in to the Dragon's wide lap and a hand on his lower back rubbing in small circles. Sherlock let
“Ok, you just sleep a little and in the morning I will get you something for your pain.” John said, moving his hand a round on his lower back.
He move and claws at the air, not sure if he was hitting whoever was there. John moves back and grabs the calming potion. He takes off the lid and puts a drop on the palm of his hand. John whispers the spell and blows it to him.
John slowly walks over to him and sits down next to his waist. When he sat down the Dragon trys to move away from him. Which made his wrist even worse. Now John could see the bruises on the other and on the cut wrist.
No, John was just trying to live his way through what they call a world or a life. With all the monsters and supernatural beings out in their world, you have to fight your way through life and survive.
“There all done, now don't you feel so much better?.” John asked, moving his hand slowly to his stomach and lightly rubbing it.
Plus John had always wanted to see and touch real dragon wings, so this might be his chance to do so. John lays down and closes his eyes falling a sleep rather quickly. The last think he thought before he fell asleep was how beautiful the boys body looked in the light of the candles.
And after some hours and a few exploding potions, which filled the room with thick black smoke. John thought he found just the right potion for his pain. Before John goes back in the room he goes and makes some bread and broth for him to eat. John  hears the chains moving around as he walks to the door, so he must be awake.
Dragon's spit it the most powerful healing substance in the whole world. It could heal any kind of injury in just a few licks. Once he was done he goes and gets his herbs for him, setting the basket down next to him.
His big brother, Mycroft, however, did not want his baby bother experimenting with Science. Sherlock was going to rebel and not listen to
He seemed to stop hitting himself, so John walked over and sag down on the edge of the bed. He lays his hand on his head a softly rubs the curls on top of his head. John then moves his hand on his shoulder and softly shacks him to wake him up.
But become their so powerful no one has ever got their hand on a dragon, There were only tales of someone getting one and using them for their own good. But they were just tales or thats what John thoght.
Sherlock woke up to the sun hitting his face. He opened his eyes and looked out the window watching the trees move in the wind. After a few minutes he got up and walked, got dressed, and walked out of his room and to his kitchen table.
The wolf looked up to see where it came from, he stood up looking around not seeing anything. He looked up in the tree's, seeing glowing red eyes staring right at him.
Even if his mother was a witch and a very powerful one, John did not believe the tales about the Dragons magical bodys. John would have to see it to believe it, his mother had taught him to not believe in everything you hear.
John is filled with anger not wanting any harm to come to the boy, even though he was a dragon. No one should be put through that kind of pain, not even a supernatural being.
Once the wolf was confident enough that he could get the drop on the witch he transforms in to his most powerful form. Most wolfs had three forms, human, full wolf, and one that was half human and half wolf.
“Right. Good.” John’s fingers rubbed absently at the cuff of his too long sleeve as he tried to figure out how exactly to ask the question on his mind. “Do you really want to do this?”
“Of course I did.” John snorted. “I couldn’t believe that he had even thought that I would agree to that.” John watched as Sherlock winced slightly at his words. “He seemed under the impression that that was the only way someone would agree to bond with you.”
“Well that’s not totally fair, little brother.” A coolly amused voice spoke up from the doorway before John had a chance to answer. Sherlock jumped at the unexpected interruption, cursing silently to himself for missing the sound of the door opening. “You
"You were not fine Sherlock!" John growled. "Even Lestrade was trying to convince you that you needed to go home!"
The plan was an almost laughably simple one. The agents would move in and incapacitate the guards before moving on to the man and woman in the room with Sherlock. After the threat was eliminated, Mycroft would call in the clean-up crew and run interference while John would be able to care for any injuries that Sherlock had. In practice, it went a bit differently.
“This isn’t a very good example of a locked room Lestrade. I really expected better of you.” Sherlock said as he removed his latex gloved. “This is a four- five at best.”
In which John meets a Dangerous Lady, has a Conversation, and They embark on The Rest of their Lives.
“I cleared it a bit.” Sherlock responded, but without bite. Turning to John he added, “Three years ago I successfully proved to Lestrade that at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder, Angelo was in a completely different part of town house-breaking.”
It wouldn’t do to bring John into Mummy’s room Sherlock decided as he considered his options. It wasn’t so much that he objected to the idea of her room for her sake, most likely Mycroft was planning on replacing whichever bed they chose anyway, but the garish flowers and such only got worse in the privacy of her inner sanctum. In the end Sherlock brought John into the largest guest room, the colours a much more neutral combination of midnight blue and gold. It wouldn’t make Sherlock retch anyway.
They sat quietly for a few minutes, each taking careful measure of the other, and unwilling to break the silence.  Eventually, Sherlock licked his lips and continued. “So, Mycroft offered you money to bond with me?”
“The Omega Protection Statute may be a relic of a bygone era but it is still very much in effect. Every unbound omega must be registered for bonding by the time they reach 21 years. You are 32 years old Sherlock. I gave you as long as I could to find a suitable Alpha to bind to; you have had ample time to pick a mate of your own- a full decade more than most. Despite what you seem to think I'm not happy about the situation either, but I am being far from unreasonable here.”
“Perhaps.” Sherlock allowed with a slight nod. “We are nearly there in any case.” His mind, usually spinning so quickly in so many different directions seemed suddenly focused on exactly how much time it was going to take to get to the safe house.
“I am largely unexperienced in the realm of physical intimacy. Historically I have very little desire to experience sexual relations.” Sherlock responded flatly, still refusing to look at John. After a few moments where John stared blankly at the omega, completely unable to think of what to say, Sherlock did continue thoughtfully. “Based on my earlier experiment in the hospital room, it shouldn’t prove to be an undue hardship.”
“Good.” Sherlock responded shortly. “Now that that’s sorted, John, look at this and tell me what you see.”
“I would be surprised if you had.” Sherlock responded easily. “I created the position myself; I am the only one in the world.”
John saw Mycroft’s eyes widen slightly and a muscle begin to twitch in his jaw. “What do you mean you don’t know where he is?” His tone of voice before had been practically pleasant, compared to the venom dripping from the words he spat into the phone.
"Right." Sherlock snorted in disbelief. "Then what was the point of chasing me halfway across London this morning?"
"Great job, John," Sherlock drawled as he opened the door to the car. "I'm impressed. I can't remember the last time I've seen anyone piss Anthea off quite that neatly. If I were you, I would keep an eye out for venomous snakes in the bed."
Sherlock jerked upright with an indignant gasp before he even realized he had moved. “He did what?!”
John winced. "That was not my best moment," he acknowledged, "But Sherlock, I had no idea what was going on. You just left me. Do you have any idea what I thought?"
“John.”  Sherlock’s voice was rough and low; he ached everywhere. He was surrounded by the gentle beeping of the machines but didn’t seem to be connected to any of them. There was an IV pole sitting abandoned by the bed and a piece of surgical tape and cotton on the back of his hand where it had recently been attached.  He was in a hospital. They had gotten him out of the warehouse. “What are you doing here?”
Sherlock stared at John blankly for a moment, realizing that he hadn’t properly looked at the alpha since he woke up. John looked like he hadn’t slept in days. Stress was written in the dark circles around his eyes.  Even his hair was mussed on the sides and sticking up at odd angles, as if he had been running his hands through it. John was wearing a fresh shirt; however he was still wearing the same trousers from before. The fabric was wrinkled and stained here and there with Sherlock’s blood.
John's alpha immediately raced to the forefront of his half-awake mind. He needed to find Sherlock and he needed to find him now. His mate should be there, next to him and he wasn't.
He heard a voice yell his name. “John! John Watson!”  Turning around he saw a red faced and rather portly man attempting to flag him down.
“Exactly. Good Job.” Hopping up, Sherlock walked back to Lestrade and left a bewildered John behind him.
“No, no one else from my regiment was sent home with me, and I'm grateful for it. I’ve tried to talk to the others at the house but it’s no use, the guys there aren’t in the best of places either and I'm not going to push.  Maybe it’s just better this way.
There you have it, the second installment. I did my best to sew up a few issues that were pointed out to me and i hope you enjoyed it. Please let me know if i did well (or not) in the comment section. Constructive criticism is always always welcome!
Mike laughed, wheezing a little from the unaccustomed exertion as he cuffed John on what was thankfully his good shoulder. “Good as always, they are keeping me on my toes. How about you? Last I heard you were off getting shot at. What happened?”
“The only thing I needed from you, Mycroft, was a certain bit of legislature repealed. As you seem to have been unable to do so, I have taken matters into my own hands.” Sherlock glanced significantly towards John, who was watching the conversation play out with a slightly bemused interest. “Your interference was unnecessary.”
“Of course there has been a murder,” Sherlock suddenly grinned, a disturbingly gleeful expression under the circumstances.  “A particularly gruesome one judging by the blood clinging to the side of your shoe; omega was it?”
Inching towards the window, John finally picked out the small shape of the camera above the door of the chemist across the street.  “I see the camera.” The camera slowly turned to stare directly at him through the window.
There was another bed in the room, blankets askew, but the slightly darker patch of wall between the beds and the lack of second side table indicated that it had been added to what would typically be a private room. They must have added the bed for John, likely worried that he would go into another haze if he woke up separated from Sherlock after everything that had happened.
Agent Booth gestured for John to stay put as he and Henderson split up to take the four guards down.  The guards obviously didn’t expect any trouble; they were almost relaxed as they leaned against the rust covered railing with their backs to the lot behind them. Their joking laughter made John’s blood boil. How dare they sit here and joke around when they had delivered Sherlock to this place, with God knew what happening inside?
The next chapter should be out by this weekend, if not sooner depending on how everything goes. Keep an eye out!
“I do, you know.” Sherlock spoke up impulsively. He reached out to lightly grip John’s hand as he stared ahead with a slight frown. If he looked over now he would never finish. “Trust you, I mean.”
“We can talk on the phone, just like we are now. I’m not getting into that car so they can find my body in the Thames tomorrow.” Slowly, John began to edge backwards. There had to be another way out of this shop; a delivery entrance at the very least.
In the end it was the work of only a few minutes to make sandwiches from the well-stocked fridge. John sat across from Sherlock at one of the gleaming counter tops as they ate. Sherlock had even managed to find a bag of crisps that they split between them. Neither said much as they ate, each too caught up in their own thoughts and occupied with their food. It wasn’t until John finished wiping up the last of the crumbs from the table that Sherlock reached out to take his hand and pull him up the stairs.
“Maybe if your officers weren’t more interested in fighting my colleague than showing me to the scene, we could have shaved a few minutes off of the time?” Sherlock drawled.
Sherlock looked past John and his immediate surroundings to observe the rest of the small room. It was obviously a private facility. The early morning light streaming over his bed hit warm cream coloured walls, and the tastefully understated décor screamed ‘money’.
The colour leeching out of Sherlock’s face had John reaching forward, half expecting the younger omega to pass out again. “Steady,” he patted Sherlock’s hand awkwardly as it clenched the sheet above his thigh. “Just breathe for me, yeah?”
"You shouldn't be here! Don't you know anything? Where's your alpha?  You smell like a brothel for Christ's sake." Even with the cloth, it was hard for Greg to focus on anything other than the instinctive desire to attempt to claim the newly bonded omega as his own.
"John was sleeping," Sherlock replied carelessly as he turned away from the body. "Honestly, he probably won't even notice I've gone."
Molly Hooper was always one of the first to know when Sherlock was in a truly foul mood, even if she didn't know quite what brought it on. He tended to sweep into the morgue like a rabid bat, ready to commit all sorts of atrocities on her poor corpses in the name of scientific inquiry.
No, the thing that had Sherlock’s attention was the conundrum of the man sitting next to him. The idea of throwing himself on the tender mercies of the Committee was simply unthinkable. John did seem like an excellent solution to the dilemma, though Sherlock didn’t like the idea that he would come with his own set of issues. He simply didn’t have enough data about the man to understand his intentions beyond the obvious.
John’s eyes crinkled slightly around the edges, Sherlock had noticed he only did it when he was worried about something, but what could he possibly have to be nervous about in this situation? “Well, that’s understandable.” John started slowly. “But I’m going to do everything I can to make you comfortable. If you decide you want me to stop, you just have to tell me and I will.”
“The bonded alpha feels threatened by the blood ties that you share with her omega.” Sherlock mused, nodding. That made as much sense as the idea that John’s sister was still overprotective of her new wife.
“I am the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having,” the man nearly hissed as he leaned forward slightly to look John in the eye, “an enemy.”
Sherlock was fascinated by John. After a few moments he reached forward and began to trail his fingers across the other man’s chest, exploring John’s past with the tips of his fingers. John sucked in a breath at the contact, but seemed content to watch Sherlock with heavily lidded eyes as the omega caressed his skin. The most obvious thing that Sherlock noticed was that John was still very fit despite his injuries; the smooth lean muscles spoke of practical strength versus the intentionally bulked out look that some alphas tended to prefer.
“No, I’m just not interested.” John answered, fingers flexing against his knees. “You should let me out of the car now.”
Shit. This wasn’t good.  The tight grip on his arms and the knife at his neck didn’t leave Sherlock much room to manoeuvre, and he was pressed too close to the alpha for John to get a good shot in. As he considered his plan of attack John realized that Sherlock’s lips were moving.  What was he trying to say? John fought to keep his eyes focused on the threat of the alpha. He needed to decipher Sherlock’s signals without drawing attention to the fact that he was trying to communicate.
A small huff drew John’s attention back to the man in front of him. “Don’t be dull. Answer the question.” He paused for a moment, adding almost as an afterthought, “please.”
John looked up at the tall man. Biting his lip briefly he opened his mouth to respond just as someone burst loudly through the morgue door.
"I've already solved the case. Were you paying attention at all?" Sherlock frowned disapprovingly at Greg, an expression that he knew well.
John growled in warning, but before he could take a step towards the Sargent he was stopped by a hand on his arm. “Let it go, there is work to be done.” Sherlock threw an appraising glance at the other Alpha. “She’s just in a snit because Anderson’s wife came back early; doesn’t particularly like the idea of hiding in closets, apparently.”
Looking at him evenly, the man eventually replied, “Military history is the easy bit, from the hair on your head to the way you hold yourself you scream soldier. However, you are also obviously familiar with the hospital; you have been in this room in particular several times before based on your reactions. That says student; so doctor then- far too obvious. You are still sporting a tan but not above the wrists so you were in uniform, not on vacation. That also indicates the shortness of time since you have been home, much longer and the lines would have faded away entirely. You move stiffly favouring your shoulder, that must be where you got shot, sending you home early. All of that adds up to two possibilities, one of which you confirmed when you answered Afghanistan.”
A testament to John's preparedness: Sherlock's opening was already slippery with lubrication when that finger pressed inside him.
Sherlock was at his microscope refusing to come to bed? John would kiss his neck with the obvious implication of further appreciation and Sherlock's clothes would practically melt off him. Sherlock was high-strung and more of a prick than usual? A quick suck to the spot below his left ear would have him purring like a kitten and appropriate for civilized conversation once more.
She watched with wide eyes, glancing back up at him before turning his palm over, letting him make the choice. He could go in and try to remain impartial, meeting the love of his life while she lay on a table a beat away from cardiac arrest.
He looked down at the toy, wondering how he should prepare for John’s arrival. The man would be hesitant about just hopping into bed, but was there a way to ease into it? They couldn’t try the toy individually; it would be too large internally to be comfortable for only one of them. It was meant to be used together. He pressed the pad of his thumb inside the inner lips of the fleshy opening and stroked it slowly, sinking into thoughts of thrusting in and out with John moving against him.
Most of his interactions with her outside of the infirmary had doubly involved Sherlock, so he knew that she was quite enamored by him. However, now she was walking toward him, arm in arm with a skinny fellow wearing a set of night robes and brown slippers. Molly was similarly dressed, only she was mostly in pink.
"I don't know," John said. "Could be that's why I became a Healer rather than an Auror. Not much into the mysteries, me."
John approached him without a word, draping Sherlock’s coat and scarf into his own armchair with a quiet thud. The floorboards creaked faintly beneath his weight, but Sherlock didn’t move beyond the slow, deliberate rise and fall of his chest.
As that body worked him, John gave a few feeble thrusts, reaching down and holding the condom on with two fingers until the other man pulled away.
There had even been a very memorable experience with a riding crop that had fueled fantasies for Sherlock every time he'd run his fingers along his arse and felt the fading welts; every time he sat down without thinking about it and had to readjust his weight.
It continued on like this for some span of minutes that John couldn’t count, until he realized he was pulling his lover up and back down again with growing urgency. The swirling heat throughout his body was making it harder to focus on the fact that he had other plans. Spilling into that talented mouth became a pin-sharp focus, and the next time he opened his eyes was when he knew he wasn’t far from the brink. One last look, just to have it permanently embedded in his mind for every other time Sherlock was too wrapped up in a case.
Sherlock got into the bed first while John watched from his side. He felt unsure about how welcome his presence would be just then. Even if Sherlock just wanted his companionship for a little while, it was still probably a bad idea to do much touching. The living room had probably been too feely in the first place.
"Just looks a bit like those buttons are fighting more than they usually do," Lestrade said. Upon seeing John's "And your point is?" expression, he quickly added, "I just mean that I've known him for years and I've never seen him take a bite. He's always been a stick. A brilliant stick, but a stick."
But no matter how strong willed he may have been, John was out of practice with it. His body was straining in every direction, his fingers fumbled as they lifted the goblet, praying he could spill it some way or another, anything to keep the unknown concoction from touching his lips.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” he gasps, letting out a bitten-off moan that sounds wonderfully filthy when paired with my name and a wheeze. He reaches out to grasp at the wall, holding me close with the other. When I’ve almost stayed down for too long, John pulls me back, letting me take in a deep, shuddering breath through my nose before guiding me down for more. I let him take his time with each thrust, building slowly. I’m not in a rush—if anything, I want this to last.
"God, I've wanted this," Sherlock whispered against his neck, arching his hips upwards into John's. It sounded like a confession. Quieter than the rest of Sherlock's words, like he was ashamed of himself for having such desires.
It took a few tries before they managed to figure out a proper angle, and when John finally slid home, his thighs were straining. He knew just how much his body could handle. The heated stretch was uncomfortable, yes, but as he adjusted to the sensation, he knew it would get better. And then there was the sheer knowledge of it--of Sherlock inside him, moving with him, filling him--which seemed to be enough to bring his wilting erection back to life.
The delivery was scheduled for the following morning, a C-section at half nine. Like scheduling a cleaning for one’s teeth or having a cast set, they’d set the time and date for the birth of their children.
He excused himself wordlessly and headed for the Great Hall, considering Sherlock's state of mind as he did so. They had been working on a case for Lestrade for several weeks, a case that had so far nearly gotten Sherlock killed on six different occasions, the most recent being the fall from a rooftop in Diagon Alley. Three suspects had thus far been apprehended, but John could tell Sherlock was getting reckless in his frustration.
“I kept her from him, Mrs. Hudson.” He was more forceful than he should’ve been to the woman who was currently plying him with tea and biscuits. “And...” Sherlock trailed off as she poured him a cup. “John, the... ‘My gentleman,’” he said, quoting Mrs. Hudson’s own title for him back at her, “he’s not just... mine.”
"How's your chart coming?" John rested his towel over a chair and went to the fridge. He'd been successful in getting Sherlock to eat breakfast on three out of the last five days and was hoping he could get the detective to eat some eggs.
"Freshly brewed tea," Sherlock said slowly. "Old library books." Sherlock looked at the door murderously. John just felt more confusion. Eyes met his for the briefest lock before Sherlock finished his nonsensical list with: "Wooly jumpers."
“I want it slow. Building.” Sherlock pulled back and then turned himself onto his right side, reaching back with his left hand to pull John against him to spoon. “Just--I want you.”
John, who had never been particularly keen on the workings of reproductive health beyond his annual checkups at the andrologist and his sexual habits, was happy for the curtain the technician erected, which separated that half of Sherlock's body from view. Of course he was fond of Sherlock’s body--in fact, “fond” was an understatement--but, well, he preferred not to think of him in such a clinical light.
And while Sherlock Holmes has lied to John Watson an almost infinite number of times, just this once, John believes him unconditionally. He has to. Wants to.
“Yes,” John said, shuffling on his feet to dislodge Sherlock’s fingers from where they’d snuck up under his jacket to play at the waist of his jeans. Randy as a teenager when cases wrapped, honestly. Absolutely no regard for the fact that they were being blatantly discriminated against. “I reserved a room earlier today after an absolute
About an hour into staring down the walls, John decided to venture toward the East Wing in search of his friend. Logic said that the house elves probably would’ve told their master about the presence of someone else on the estate, but when he found Sherlock, the professor was... surprised, to say the least.
He was rewarded with two sharp thrusts that almost knocked him into the bed with their force, finally getting the depth he needed.
“Six names.” Sherlock finally looked up at him, sliding a piece of paper with three sets of paired horizontal lines. “We need a set for a boy-girl pair, a girl-girl pair, and a boy-boy pair.”
John kissed every extra bit of him, let his fingers linger on the new curves at his hips, slid his lips along his almost-fuller cheeks even after it was over, and then he rolled Sherlock over and curled behind him, the ever-protective big spoon, arms wrapped around him in a way that would surely leave his shoulder screaming in the morning, but all the same, their hands joined silently, pressing against a spot just above Sherlock's abdomen and squeezing in mute reassurance.
I roll my eyes at his wheezed attempt at sex humor and grab the lubricant from where I’d dropped it on the couch upon my return. It takes a moment to properly lubricate him without getting too much onto his suit jacket, but when I lift myself onto my knees to wrap my slick hand around his cock, my own erection rubs itself against the silk of his black tie, leaving a wet spot of its own in stark contrast.
And then Anderson had to go and open his mouth in a falsified whisper. “Guaranteed. I’d have been out of that flat before he could finish the unfortunate announcement--”
John took it from Sherlock and the detective watched as his would-be lover inspected it. Sherlock nearly bit through his tongue when John pressed two fingers into the hole, stretching it around them, followed by two more fingers, and then his entire fist, just testing the internal promise of the toy.
He'd never had a girlfriend who was adventurous enough to try--and he'd never asked explicitly, just left hints that were in turn explicitly ignored--and oh, oh it was incredible when his cock finally slid all the way in and--
Soon, they'd worked into a rhythm, a soft panting of John's name into his ear when the other man thrust against his backside and simultaneously squeezed John's cock. It was going to be over soon, John was sure of it.
"John, this is my boyfriend Jim," she said with a bright smile, looking up at the bloke like he owned the world and was offering her a key. "Jim works for the Ministry. He took a few days off to come see me."
would come with an answer John didn’t think he wanted to know just yet. He settled for shedding his bathrobe and wrapping it around his lover. The thin material clung to pale, wet skin on contact. It wouldn’t do much good at all, but the effort made John feel like he wasn’t useless.
"I think you might be able to gain eight," John said as he spooned some fried rice onto each of their plates. He was so unused to serving Sherlock. The man usually stole little bites from John's plate and then claimed to be full. "It'll take commitment, but I think we could plump you up a bit."
The other man didn’t humor him with a reply, simply lowered his mouth to John’s navel, just above the button on his jeans, licking a teasing trail to his belly button. John sucked in a gulp of air as practiced fingers undid the button and slowly slid down his zip. With his jeans open, Sherlock was free to press his lips against the cotton pants that housed the growing erection presented to him.
“No, Sherlock, getting shot is a lot. Being invalided home from a military career is a lot. Finding out the Omega you’ve been sleeping with is secretly raising your child is a
The sound was low when the porn picked up partway through a video of a very enthusiastic blonde head bobbing up and down on a thick, veiny member, shot in a lovely point-of-view range. He could hear the slick slide of her mouth on that cock, her moans of pleasure as if she could actually come from the sole pleasure of having a cock down her throat, but he could also hear the steps outside his booth, the occasional orgasmic cries of a man down the hall.
But the end of it was the part that had John gripping the back of one of the kitchen chairs, digging his fingers into the uneven textures of the wood. They’d never had it out like that before--and Sherlock had certainly never walked away first.
Even though it was barely eight, he stripped down to his pants and got into bed behind Sherlock, the test perched on the sink in the bathroom, a bit unimposing, but looming with possibility all the same.
“How do you propose we tell Hamish he’s going to get a little brother or sister?” John asks a few minutes later.
Sherlock's smile faded quickly, a small shadow passing over his features. "We've gone over this before, John. I've not done any mind reading here."
The professor settled himself into his high-backed chair the same way he always did: feet on the cushion, knees under his chin, fingers steepled. He was off in his own little world in the span of a breath.
"Effie has a note for Professor Watson," she announced with a small curtsy. Her wide, grey eyes looked up at him expectantly. When he hesitated, she held out her note again.
Sherlock let John push him backwards onto the bed, only protesting when the toy got trapped between their two bodies. He pushed it aside for the moment and clutched John to him, rolling half on top of him before being slammed right around onto his own back.
“My point--My point, Sherlock, is that you’ve deleted everything you don’t think is relevant to you. But you know fairy tales and nursery rhymes. Why do you think they survived deletion?” John threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s. The detective opened his mouth to speak, but John didn’t let him. “Some part of you thought you’d need them eventually. Whether it was the carrier’s instinct, a deep-seated hope, or a conscious thought, it doesn’t matter. You knew. Someday. And--well, that someday is approximately seven months away. We’re going to be ready. We’ll be great parents.”
He was late. He cursed himself the whole way to the shop, because he'd let one of the nurses ask him for a favor and he'd checked up on a "family friend" and had realized the fellow needed emergency care.
"How did you know about Father's affair?" The thirteen year old had cornered his brother in their father's unoccupied study. He was at work, and Sherlock had announced his news to the entire lunch table only moments prior.
"Some couples try for years and don't have much luck. Low sperm counts, bad diets, general infertility." John sat down on his side of the bed and crossed his legs, facing Sherlock, who sat down to mirror him. "You'd have to make a lot of changes if we were going to be successful at even conceiving."
They’d somehow come to be laying diagonally on the bed, Sherlock spooned up behind the Alpha. They hadn’t bothered with blankets at all--their bodies were working overtime, practically radiating heat like human furnaces. It was nice to be able to just... look at him. All that warm skin, the occasional scar or freckle. His flushed cock, which was soft for now, but Sherlock would soon take care of that.
How obscene it looked behind his closed eyes. He spread his legs further, wantonly, practically begging for it with the answering silence of a man who had agreed to unspoken terms.
He looked overwhelmed, but in a good way. Sherlock stood, keeping some space between them so John could continue to revel in the obviously profound moment he was having. There was a bead of moisture at the corner of one eye, and Sherlock, who was typically useless with emotions, was quick to remind himself that John wasn’t sad. There was a quirk at the corner of his mouth, a subtle curve up that told Sherlock he was content, even happy.
John watched Sherlock sleeping, the gentle rise and fall of his belly with each breath, and let his fingers splay across the pale skin there, sleepily entwining with the hand he found and closing his eyes. As he slipped back into sleep, he mentally chided himself for daring to think....
But just because he now has the knowledge of how to change nappies and how to comfort a feverish child doesn’t mean he’s better at
He spent several long minutes pacing back and forth, trying to remember every face in the park, every stranger who walked by. A woman with a small dog pulling on its lead; a man in a long coat with a paper tucked under his arm; a female Alpha and Omega couple pushing a pram. No one had caught his attention, even in his mind palace. No Alphas looking predatory, not a single person paying them any mind. Whoever the man was, he was just as ignorant to Sherlock and Annabelle as Sherlock was to him.
He'd put his head to the pillow when he heard John fumbling about in the toilet in the middle of the night. There was such a small window there for him to fall asleep and hope to end up in Mrs. Hudson's dreamland, but he'd had to take the chance. The case he'd been on had been a brutal one mentally, physically, and emotionally. The happier tones of Mrs. Hudson's hopeful dream had been the odd, welcomed respite to his daily life.
John’s hand came forward to splay across Sherlock’s stomach for a moment, just barely lingering over the scar he found there before trailing down to take his cock in hand.
"Professor Watson, thank you for calling by so early," the Headmaster said when John stepped into the office. "How are you feeling this morning?"
Sherlock's fingers slipped through John's, entwining them tightly. The only sound in the room was their breathing and the rustle of skin on cloth, skin on skin as fingers stroked the backs of palms and thumbs passed over flesh.
"I can't read your mind, John, but your thoughts are written on your face. You don't see how anyone could force three different people to take a deadly potion. Neither do I, but I'm going to figure it out."
John closed his eyes and counted to ten, trying to replay the last few minutes in his mind but failing to remember any of his words. There had been a heat in them, a passionate desperation that was fueled by the duality of his feelings for the world’s only consulting detective and the terror he felt when faced with the chance of losing him. He knew there were things he regretted, but they weren't written; not cemented in his mind enough to know
“Please,” Sherlock gasped, baring his neck and upping the tempo. The closer they got to the peak, the less John would be of mind to refuse. He'd be exactly where Sherlock wanted him.
John's mouth fell open and he rushed to come up with some sort of excuse, but he found that he had none. He didn't remember anything past Tuesday evening, when he'd gone on patrol. Hadn't he just come back to his chambers? Or had he been dragged off somewhere with Sherlock? There was nothing.
All he'd succeeded in shooting was his Potions grade: it skyrocketed downwards and barely recovered prior to Professor Slughorn's reign as Potions master.
even with a pair of children growing inside his body, Sherlock had been more comfortable. He’d stopped wearing thick t-shirts to bed, he’d stopped getting fully dressed before coming out of the bathroom.
In the last three months, their want of a child had become something they needed to give to each other, like an ultimate gift that would keep on giving if they could just get it right.
"Is there still a scene or just photos?" he asked when he'd sat up again. His voice was rough and low.
“Mycroft said you might need company during the holiday.” The lie didn’t sound even a little bit backed up, but Sherlock rolled his eyes and muttered something under his breath about his brother meddling unnecessarily. “I was also hoping you might tell me what happened in the Room of Requirement,” John added, taking his own slow step forward.
. John could temporarily override his most basic instinct to fight if it meant he could get closer to the tantalizing flesh of the other alpha. He nipped at Sherlock’s nose and arched his back, thrusting into the other man and letting his eyes close against the sensation of being pressed together.
Then blatant disrespect from Anderson--something about Sherlock’s baby coming out with scales or other, John didn’t remember, he was too angry to pay any further mind to it. Insert some cliche about smoke coming out of ears and you’d have an accurate depiction of John Watson at that moment.
"And of course you wouldn't be able to cherish it for very long." He paused, giving Sherlock a moment to consider the implications of his words. When he was still alive after five seconds, he simple said "
There was nothing wrong with wanking to the thought of a friend, John reasoned as he slowly stroked himself. As long as he had no delusions about anything happening between them, it was harmless. He wouldn't be throwing himself at Sherlock anytime soon. He couldn't help it if his mind was wandering toward the infuriating professor.
The man's hand slipped into Sherlock's shirt and pressed a few times with three fingers, smoothing along the skin, watching Sherlock's face for reactions. Was he looking for tenderness? Cysts? John didn't see any reaction--didn't expect to, had no idea what he was feeling around for--and Sherlock was likewise watching the doctor for even the faintest of tells. He had his deducing face on.
"The weirder the case, the more interested he is," she continued. Her voice only grew louder as he walked down the empty hall toward the open door of light Sherlock had disappeared into.
He’s been fully hard, but now I can taste a steady stream of pre-come seeping from the tip when I run my tongue over his head. Stabilizing it with my hand once more, I lick my way from base to tip, curling my tongue around the glans before dipping my tongue into the bead of moisture waiting at the crown.
The Headmaster had been right in his prediction that it wouldn't be long before John met Hugo and Rose Weasley. The fifth year had practically been attached to her brother when he was levitated into the infirmary by a shocked looking Charms professor named Molly Hooper.
“Mmhmmm.” Still denying John the kiss he wanted, Sherlock began to slip back down John’s body, placing lingering kisses to his heated flesh as he went, occasionally letting his tongue glide. “Luckily for you, I know exactly what you want. I’ve
Maybe Sherlock’s hormones had addled him a bit, making him more prone to caring about what people said about him where he’d previously paid no mind. He’d been avoiding taking on cases, and John suspected that it had something to do with public reactions to his newly acquired girth. But the Yard had been stumped and Lestrade had all but gotten down on his knees and begged Sherlock to come to the scene.
His hips arched up into the other man, and he spread his legs even further--absolutely, shamelessly wanton--so John could fit better between them. They’d done this nearly a dozen times; it would only take a quick rearrangement down below for John to slide home. It was funny how quickly his heat could overtake him. Mere minutes ago, he’d been deducing the armchair by the door, and now the only deductions he could think of were the calculations of the angles it would take to get John inside him, how thick the knot would be when it fully expanded, and how many times they’d be able to drive each other mad with pleasure before his heat ended.
“It’s becoming more obvious,” John offered. At thirteen weeks, Sherlock’s bump was a bit more pronounced than it would’ve been if they were having a solitary child. It was still easily hidden under Sherlock’s coat, and with the weather, it was perfectly normal for him to wear the great coat at all times. But the bump would eventually start to show even through the thick wool.
Still, he looked at Stamford, praying for some sort of elaborate prank, but the man in the colorful tie just smiled as if he was expecting John to understand it all someday.
“God, it’s going to be so good, Sherlock. You smell divine,” John said, voice close. His teeth pulled at Sherlock’s left ear, tongue tracing the shell. “I knew the minute I caught your scent changing--I knew we’d do this. I knew you’d want this.” He thrust, quick and dirty, just enough to give a tease and Sherlock found himself grabbing at John’s arse to hold him down, gripping and pulling and praying that somehow,
"Honestly, John, changing the password from the already-unimaginative 'badger' to 'honey badger' should not actually count. It was insultingly easy to begin with, don't make it more so by tacking on identifiers." Sherlock sat up, robes righting themselves almost too fluidly, and tapped his fingers against the arm rest of the sofa.
“Is that a yes?” He gives a little nudge with his cock, a hint that he’ll give me what I want if I just give him a verbal response.
There was no reason for John to suspect anything. He just thought he was telling a casual anecdote about an accidental Baby Watson that was out there somewhere, probably getting pushed in a pram or tripping over wobbly feet and skinning knees.
They sat in a resoundingly absolute silence and John let his tea sit on the coffee table next to Sherlock’s untouched cup and saucer. He didn’t know how long it was before Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath startled him, sounding entirely like the man was coming back to life with all the air the room had to offer.
Instead, John had sat himself astride Sherlock’s hips and was looking down at him with an air of confidence radiating about him. He looked
I have a child,” he said, sounding defensive and a mite petulant to his own ears, but: “I haven’t done this since long before the Mandate--I’ve never had to--”
I throw my head back as his cuff link accidentally grazes the tip of my prick, and when he gets his fingers around me, it takes almost nothing before I’m shaking apart beneath him.
"I think the Weasley girl fancies you," John noted, leaning against one of the work stations. It was nearly lunchtime, so Sherlock was through with classes for the next two hours. He had been hoping to convince the Potions master to replenish some of the stock for the infirmary.
"You didn't, Sherlock! You saw nothing!" Mycroft grabbed his brother by the shoulders, shaking the skinny bag of bones harshly. "You're making things up again, and lying isn't good, Sherlock. It's upset Mummy, and you know how delicate she is about these matters."
Sherlock’s mind was starting to swim in a chemical bath of heat and hormones and the smell of John, but he couldn’t help thinking that even outside of this moment and this room, he might just love John Watson.
The manager’s dark eyes flashed like they wanted to glare viciously at the receptionist for bringing on the awkward situation, but rather than giving in, he simply looked at John and Sherlock and made a monumental effort to answer without too much offense.
But John’s mouth surged upwards and the other man nearly knocked him off his feet. The only thing keeping Sherlock grounded was the hand that immediately cupped the back of his head and pulled him forward, lips crushing against his own.
“I was thinking,” John said, and he punctuated the sentence by letting his tongue peek out between his lips. “I thought I might write up one or two of the cases you’ve told me about. Just--a quick thing, on my blog. Sort of a writing experiment.” He looked pleased with himself for using the word “experiment” in relation to Sherlock.
Mycroft had said that it would be just John and Sherlock for the duration of the holiday, including their extended two weeks. The Headmaster had brought in a temporary Healer from St. Mungo’s, citing a family emergency as the reason John was needed away from Hogwarts.
John's fingers were withdrawn with a final slow pull, the pad of the middle finger  purposefully grazing over his prostate. Sherlock's body shuddered, gooseflesh popping along his thighs as his hips jumped forward.
It was a ridiculous sight, and both of them knew it. Sherlock, kneeling on the bed with his cock hanging from trousers that were barely shoved down his thighs while John knelt opposite, palming himself with the heel of his hand as he breathed the mixed scents in the air.
Sherlock swallowed hard. He wasn’t sure what he was meant to do. Should he wake her? Introduce her to her Alpha? How would he explain who the man was to a three-year-old?
The morning of his ultrasound--one with an internal probe to get a closer look at the baby--Sherlock wasn't allowed to drink anything, because they needed his bladder as empty as possible. Thankfully, his morning sickness was mostly gone (or at least at bay) and he wasn't quite as miserable as John was.
“I wouldn’t trade any of this for anything, John,” Sherlock said. His voice was quiet, almost grumbly as he began to drift to sleep. Before John could think of a suitable reply, he could feel Sherlock’s belly rising and falling with each sleepy breath beneath his fingers.
The other man began to clench around him rhythmically on John's upward thrusts, making John's eyes roll back and his neck stretched backward over the arm of the sofa, a clear offering which Sherlock took advantage of within seconds.
I kiss him once more, sliding my tongue past his lips and over his front teeth, moving on to slowly fucking his mouth in small thrusts of my tongue against his, letting him taste himself. It’s a difficult kiss at this angle, but I manage to swallow his groan before pulling back.
“Patience, love,” John said, pushing the fabric of Sherlock’s aubergine shirt aside. His hands skittered down the over sensitized skin on his ribs, stopping at the curve of his hips. “I promise it’ll be so much better if we can just wait a few more minutes for your heat to come on completely. I can smell it--it’s almost here. I promise.”
"I'm fine," John said, grabbing at the shoulders of the other man's robes to keep himself on his feet. His knees were weak, though whether that was from the situation or Sherlock's sudden proximity remained to be seen. "Fine. I'm fine. Sherlock."
Rather than rubbing the water away from Sherlock, John began to cocoon the other man in all the towels and blankets he had on hand. By the time Sherlock began to look like himself again--still pale, but less of the pallor kind and more of the “my skin rarely sees the light of day” kind--John was about ready to fret himself into a state.
“I thought ‘One to be the control,’” Sherlock spat. “My brain is hardwired for experiments, John, so much so that when I was seeing our children on that monitor for the first time, when I was holding your hand and worrying about a heartbeat or miscarriage--as soon as those fears were unfounded, I thought ‘I’ll have a child to be a control now.’ What kind of parent am I, John, that I would jump to thinking about testing a child?”
Sherlock crouched down in front of his daughter, who immediately reached for the lapels of his coat and latched on.
The Headmaster knocked twice on the door before waving his hand to open it without being invited. The lighting was dim as John remembered, and the heavy stench of mould was just as strong as ever. He'd never understood the appeal of the castle's dungeons, but that was neither here nor there. He supposed they were solitary when one sought out the quiet.
, John thought, curling one arm up and holding Sherlock in place. He couldn’t promise he’d never shout or be cross with him, but he knew he could promise this, even if it’s to himself and never spoken out loud. All it took was thinking about Sherlock’s mind--ripe and flurrying with numbers, facts, and priceless data--and he knew that he was protecting something precious, something one of a kind.
John and Sherlock, who had been sharing yet another look at the word “husband,” immediately turned their attention to the screen.
Sherlock's mouth pressed more insistently against his own, teeth knocking uncoordinatedly, tongues pressing for entrance at the exact moments and instead finding resistance where they meant none.
Long fingers covered kiss-dark lips while pale blue eyes scanned the room in bright torchlight.   John stumbled forward, trying to figure out why he had gone from desirable to rejected in the span of a heartbeat. His knees felt wobbly and it took him a moment to come to terms with gravity again now that Sherlock's body no longer supported him.
Sherlock took a breath, quirking one eyebrow as if to say 'How am I doing so far?' before continuing.
My microscope and the blood sample I’m scrutinizing are proving to be equally uninteresting as the rest of this godforsaken afternoon when I finally hear the downstairs door open, followed by John’s dress-shoed feet on the stairs. The fancy shoes provide significantly less traction, so he always takes the steps slower than he would if he were in any other footwear.
“I don’t know how you’d think I could sleep through this.” John smirked at the stutter of Sherlock’s hips when he started to stroke in time with his movements. “You’re a goddamn sight, Sherlock. Is this what you needed?” A swipe of his thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock spread the wet bead of precome that had gathered there, making Sherlock groan and drop his head back on his shoulders.
I press myself against him from chest to groin, marveling at the feel of his shirt buttons leaving an imprint on my belly where his tie has shifted away in invitation. The obsidian silk of the tie rubs against my left nipple as I move (somehow both warm and cool at the same time, an erotic experiment for another time) and I groan into his ear, barely restraining myself from biting down on the collar of his shirt where it peaks out of his suit jacket.
“Let me get you a fresh cup.” John reached for the saucer, but Sherlock held it out of reach with one hand while grabbing his lover’s wrist with the other.
John did, too, but he was trying to keep from getting Sherlock down about it. The man had never been particularly patient, and John was sure that Sherlock would be annoyed enough by the waiting between conception and birth.
John thought, snaking up a hand to pinch a peaked nipple between thumb and forefinger. He hadn't had a fantasy he couldn't control since he didn't know when. But every thought just brought more obscenities than he could imagine, more scenes he wanted to play out. More impossibilities.
"Sex is your favorite part," Sherlock protested. His fingers dug into John's hips, pulling him down while simultaneously pressing upwards. Words were contrary, but his body was certainly telling John that he was agreeable to the situation.
"You know better than any of us how he likes to do things on his own, John. If you remembered what had happened, maybe you'd be the one telling us. But you don’t have that ability. We can’t let him go at this alone. If he does, there’s no saying if he’ll come out of it alive.” The Auror fidgeted with his robes a bit and stood straighter. “The Ministry wants to work with us on this, they want Sherlock to come forward willingly rather than resort to using a potion to get information from him.”
before embarking on their four-month shag fest. Nothing was going to change this, though. In seven months, there would be two little people who would need their love and attention.
Every Thursday night, John showered at Bart's and then headed to the porn shop, where he'd have maybe two minutes in his regular booth before he was invited into the talented mouth of his stranger--the ever impatient SH--until he was worked to a fantastic orgasm that would leave him shivery for hours, always anticipating the following week. It wasn't quite the relationship John had been looking for, but it was a regular occurrence in his life and he was enjoying it.
John looked between the two men from his chair, but said nothing. Sherlock’s relationship with Lestrade was more involved than John could attest to--the men had known each other for years, and if Lestrade wasn’t a bit offended by Sherlock’s refusal to share his news, John would be surprised.
. Reaches out. Face cupped in palm. More warm sparks under his fingers. His knees are threatening to crumble under him as those eyes--ethereal, like an angel--bore into him. Searching. Permission? For what.
Sherlock could see the exact second that the Alpha caught his scent--just a fraction of a change in the lines of his face, and a quick lick of his lips. The hands that had caught his upper arms relaxed, but the Alpha didn’t immediately release him.
John slowly slid back, pulling all the way up until his lips pressed a closed-mouth kiss to the head of the shaft, lightly teasing at the leaking slit before suddenly sliding back down with unmatched fervor.
Sherlock Holmes felt drawn to John Watson like a moth to a flame, and while it was concerning from the soles of his feet to the curls atop his head, he found he was unable to deny himself this man. This man who had
Resisting the urge to say something biting, Sherlock repeated the question. “You clearly have something on your mind. We still have several minutes until we arrive, now would be the obvious time to get any tedious questions out of the way.” Well, he was only human after all.
"Everything is about control," Sherlock responded flatly, arms crossed tightly across his chest as he regarded the shorter alpha.
Warnings in this chapter for past domestic abuse (Not graphic) and for graphic descriptions of panic attacks.
“Did you really abduct me just to ask about a man that I met for the first time this afternoon?” Was this what every day would be like if John decided to get involved with the younger omega?
Sherlock seemed completely unconcerned, which only served to make John angrier and more determined to get his point across. "You could have woken me up. You could have watched the telly. You could have done literally anything other than wander around London alone, the day after our bonding."
Shaking his head John responded. “Yeah but I know how it is. Everything is still so new with her and Clara. There’s not really a place for another Alpha right now. Maybe if I hadn’t gone away...” John let the sentence trail off.  “But anyway, that’s not happening anytime soon.”
“No!” John surprised them both by yelling. Taking a quick breath to regain his composure slightly he continued “It’s not that at all. Any idiot could see you would be brilliant at it, but the police don’t go to private detectives.”
Only the rapid tapping of the phone broke the silence as John considered his options. He could get into the car with the beta woman, who was obviously a member of Mycroft's staff.  He could try to find Sherlock on his own. John didn't even know where to begin to look; Sherlock could be anywhere in London. It really wasn't a decision at all, was it? After a few tense moments, he cut his eyes angrily at the car before turning to climb inside.
"Then why are you so upset?" Sherlock asked suspiciously, feeling like he was walking into some form of trap.
Sherlock was silent for a few moments as he stared into the middle distance. If John hadn’t been watching carefully, he would have thought that the man was ignoring him completely. The way he was worrying his lip ever so slightly with his teeth gave him away. “No.” Sherlock finally admitted as he stretched his legs out in front of him with a slightly weary sigh. “Not really. My apartment isn’t exactly… conductive to going into a heat. And I have very little desire to go back to whatever government bedsit they set you up in. The walls would be far too thin for one, and I don’t particularly want to drive everyone out of the building.” John suppressed a smile at the very faint slight pinkness that brushed across Sherlock’s cheeks, even as his voice and general demeanour suggested that he really couldn’t care less. “I suspect that wherever Mycroft is sending us will already be prepared with anything we could ever possibly need, and more besides.”
Turning back to Sherlock, John gave a small smile and sat quietly on the side of his own bed. “Yeah.”
To his credit, Sherlock did seem to pick up the subtext as he busied himself slightly displacing everything in the room. “No, it’s been at least two years. She hates the city.” Sherlock’s voice clearly showed what he thought of anyone being anything less than completely in love with London.
“A team that won’t work with me, Lestrade.” Sherlock retorted with a slightly bitter edge that made John want to growl at the Inspector.
“Didn't you have some kind of special dispensation? I thought for sure with your brother...” Molly let the sentence trail off.
John thought about it for a moment. Did he? Was the man really worth all of the trouble that he had gotten into today? “That’s really none of your business, is it?”
“Locked room; quite bloody yes,” Lestrade jumped right to the point, knowing his audience. “She’s in pieces.”
When John leaned forward to press his mouth to Sherlock’s fresh bond mark, Sherlock couldn’t hold it back anymore. Wave after wave pulsed through him as his body tensed and he came with a gasping shudder.  John only gave a few more strokes before he was coming as well, the alpha nearly collapsing beneath the weight of his orgasm. Sherlock felt the knot swell between them, binding them together as they shook slightly with the aftershocks.
“Even those dunces down at the NSY could tell you are unbonded, no bond marking on your neck and a distinct smell that says that you are still available. You are holding your phone, I can clearly see an inscription on the back to Harry from Clara, so that implies that there is a bond there; most likely it was a gift since your name is in fact John. It’s a newer model and expensive but the screen is quite badly cracked. Not badly enough to render it unusable but enough to make replacing it worthwhile. If you were expected to join your brother’s pack then he would have made an effort to buy something new.
The man’s movements were like molten metal. Gone were the bumbling tells and nervous fidgets; John had lowered the deceivingly awkward shield he held up between himself and the world at large. Here was the soldier on a mission, the panther stalking its prey, the alpha hunting for its mate. He was fucking beautiful. Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off of him.
Sherlock felt a shudder rip through his back as the unknown alpha rubbed his fingers on the unmarked scent glands hidden there. He forced himself to calm down before responding flatly. “Robert, I presume.”
An awkward silence descended heavily on the car as it began to move. After everything said already, neither man knew what to say as the vehicle began to roll slowly through the city. John was struck with the realization that for the most part, Sherlock was still a mystery to him. It was strange, John felt as if he had known the omega for weeks or months, certainly much longer than the handful of hours that had actually passed.
“Sorry,” John replied easily, more relaxed now that the threat was gone. “I didn’t like her attitude.”
“Harry, short for Harriet actually.” John corrected with a cheeky smile. “And she’s an omega, not an alpha. Clara is the one who isn’t all for me moving in on their pack.”
“Just as perceptive as they make you out to be.” Robert said in satisfaction. He finally stepped back from the chair, removing his hand from Sherlock’s neck as he went. Sherlock drew air deep into his lungs, feeling almost as if he had been underwater in the too close presence of the alpha.  “My pregnant mate Samantha,” Robert continued after a pause, “who you had arrested today.”
Sherlock glared at the older man’s slightly mocking tone, but John either didn’t notice or ignored it entirely as he responded. “No harm done.” His words were mild and his smile bright, but something in the way he was holding himself indicated that he was not quite as sincere as he appeared. “If you hadn’t picked me up, after all, then I might have missed out on the rescue,” he paused a moment before continuing, “But also getting shot of course- for the second time I may add.”
Sherlock was in his usual fine form, Greg noticed as the omega drew himself up with a haughty sniff. "There was a murder!"  As if that was an explanation for everything. Maybe, to him it was.
As the two men rushed out of the room without a backward glance, John turned incredulously to Mike. “What kind of maniac are you trying to get me involved with?”
The heat descended onto him suddenly and with an intensity that he had never felt before. Sherlock whined and pulled desperately at John’s trousers. Why did the man still have them on at all? John pulled back suddenly, and Sherlock almost howled in frustration. Then just as quickly John was there again, his hands tracing cool paths across Sherlock’s burning skin.
Sherlock stiffened, feeling the bite of bricks digging into his back as he was tossed against a rough wall.
Mycroft pressed his lips together as he mulled over the information. He had allowed John to go in with the team on a whim, more curious to see how he would react than anything. He had trusted the man’s training with the army to keep him in line, and this was unexpected. “Does he appear to be a threat?”
“What about your army mates? Surely there must be a few around to form up with, at least for a little while. You know it’s not good for an alpha to go without a pack for too long. It starts to mess with your heads.”
Fingers drummed on the handle of an old fashioned umbrella. “An interested party,” he answered eventually.
“Sherlock,” John let out an incredulous little laugh, “I’ve known you three days and it’s happened once. As far as I know, you’re due another.” Had it really only been three days? John felt like he had known the strange and brilliant omega for so much longer than that.
John sighed. “Yeah,” he responded. “Probably so. But I'm just having a hard time remembering the point of it all. It’s not like I really have anyone out there waiting for me.”
be a shame,” noted a rather dry voice from the door.  Whirling back, John saw that Sherlock had returned. The man was leaning in the door frame, studying him with apparent interest.  “You are a doctor. In fact, you’re an Army doctor.”
“Wait just a second.” John broke in, eyeballing Mycroft. “Sherlock is your brother then? After all of that toss about enemies, and arch enemies, you’re just his big brother?”
“I play when I’m thinking, sometimes for hours. I often don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you?”
Sherlock’s eyes cleared slowly as he came back to himself. He could feel his breath coming fast and an odd ache between his legs as he whined lightly at the sudden loss of contact. John didn’t look any better off, flushed and with pupils blown wide open as he knelt over Sherlock.  He made no effort to hide the obvious bulge in his pants as he looked down at where the omega lay in the hospital bed.
The thought brought him up short. Somehow in the last three days the idea of bonding had gone from a vague distaste at the thought of some shadowy unknown alpha to interest or even excitement at the idea of bonding with John.  It was an unexpected turn, at the very least.
“Well. I mean.” Molly could feel her cheeks burning. “That’s a bit of a personal question isn’t it?”
The pub was off of the beaten track; laid back and with the kind of atmosphere that instantly put John at ease while he waited for Mike to bring their drinks.
“Where?” asked John with a bitter laugh. “I live in a halfway house for injured soldiers because my commission won’t even cover the cost of an apartment on my own. I certainly don't have the funds to set up a practice from nothing.”
“If it was so easy, then why don’t you let me in on it?” The detective asked with obvious irritation.
“What do you notice about our victim?” Sherlock asked, never looking up from his inspection of the corpse.
“I never wanted an alpha John.” Sherlock said, looking evenly at him. “I would not lie to you; If circumstances weren’t what they are, I wouldn’t be asking you to do this for me. But if you say no, in two days I will be bonded to someone that I have likely never met. You don't have to agree to be my mate; you have no obligation to me at all. But now you do know me, you know what I do. If you decide that you want to get in touch, you have my card and know how to reach me.”
“I actually asked you here to offer you quite a lot of money.” The man responded with the slightest roll of his eyes.  He reached into his suit jacket to pull a folded slip of paper out of the breast pocket in a move that seemed eerily familiar to John. “I have a cheque here for twenty eight thousand pounds with your name on it. And I just need you to do one very small favour for me in return.”
Sherlock brushed roughly at an imaginary bit of fluff on his sleeve as he pulled himself back together.
“Apparently our victim was extremely private by nature. The housekeeper didn’t feel like it was worth her job to call the police if there turned out to not be anything wrong after all.”
There was something about the alpha that seemed familiar, even as John was sure that he had never seen him in his life. The man was immaculately dressed in an expensive bespoke suit, and obviously a few years older than John. His slightly ginger hair was thinning on top and he had a rather unfortunate nose under his critical eyes.  For a few minutes they said nothing, each trying to stare the other down, each refusing to be the first look away.  Eventually though the stranger seemed satisfied by whatever he saw.
As they finally approached the morgue he noticed an odd sound. He was still trying to identify what it could possibly be as they entered the room; therefore he was completely unprepared for the sight of a sweat drenched omega, apparently doing his best to kill a cadaver with a riding crop.
“I don’t think that you really want to go into a heat in your brother’s car, in the middle of London, where anyone could see” John pointed out with a low chuckle as he allowed his forehead to rest against Sherlock’s shoulder. After a few moments to gather himself, he awkwardly crawled off of Sherlock and settled back into his own seat. Sherlock decided that he found it extremely attractive when John was flustered.
“Thanks. What are you doing up this way today anyhow? Saturday classes?” John busied himself with his food.
“You misunderstand.” The woman paused before continuing, obviously trying to put together the best way to explain the situation. “The hostile has been removed. Sherlock appears unconscious but we are unable to get close enough to see the extent of his injuries. Every time we try, John lashes out. We can’t get through the alpha haze to reason with him.”
The alpha inclined his head slightly and smiled another bitter little smile. “You’ve met Sherlock. How many friends do you imagine he really has?”
“Order whatever you like.” Sherlock said as he broke a breadstick in half, dipping it in the olive oil on the table.
Stepping forward, John put himself between Sherlock and the woman. “You have a radio there.” He pointed out, gesturing to the other alpha’s hip. “Why don’t you call the inspector and find out for yourself.” The woman looked at him, narrowing her eyes as she took in the clear challenge on his face and sized him up. John was ready for her to try to start a fight, but after a few tense moments she grudgingly reached for the radio.
Apparently tired of waiting for John to say something, the other alpha continued his taunts. “He has a stubborn streak, but I think with a little more time I could break him. Maybe I won’t kill him. Maybe I’ll just kill you and take him with me.” Carefully keeping his eyes on John, he leaned his face in close to Sherlock’s neck and brushed his lips across the sensitive skin there. John could see the shudder that raced through Sherlock’s body at the unwelcome contact. “He could keep me company since he cost me my mate. I do get lonely.”
John looked around the shop and spotted the sales assistant in one of the aisles shelving books. He was just moving towards her to see if there was a back door he might be able to use, when his phone began to ring. He looked down at the small device in his hand; there was no number on the screen. Against his better judgment John answered the phone, turning to keep an eye on the silent car as he spoke. “Hello?”
they. He didn’t spare a thought for the idea that he was reacting so strongly over an omega he had only met this afternoon. He ignored the narrow eyes and the heavy looks of the alpha across from him, who certainly wasn’t acting very much like an enemy at the moment. He even pushed away the voice in his mind raging for the gun that they didn’t have time to fetch. John was rigid with anger, barely containing it within himself at the thought that someone had been stupid enough to lay hands on Sherlock.
“The Omega Project.” John looked back at Sherlock with a sudden intensity that Sherlock was not expecting. “You assumed that I was on my way there for a mate.”
As it stands, he feels obligated to help but wants to make it clear that another alpha would not necessarily be welcome at this time. This also implies that the bond is fairly new, they aren’t secure enough in their pack dynamic to consider an alpha from even blood family ‘safe’ quite yet.”
“You wouldn’t.” John agreed fondly as he crawled off of the bed. Funny, Sherlock didn’t remember when John had gone from the floor to literally being on top of him.
As they approached the car, John noticed the beta woman was waiting once again just outside the door. She still stared intently into her blackberry, but now she held a clipboard and pen as well. She carelessly held them out to John as soon as the man was close enough to reach it. "Sign this."
“Well,” Molly started with false cheer, trying desperately to find a bright side, “if you have to register at least you know that they will find the perfect match for you. People like me… we have to make the best go of it we can.”
“John, come here. Please.”  Sherlock reached his hand towards the other man, apparently breaking the spell as John jumped up and walked to the bed. Sherlock reached for his hand and used it to pull John closer still, until he was all but in the bed with Sherlock. Barely a handbreadth was between them when Sherlock whispered “Thank you,” Sherlock licked his lips nervously. “Thank you for everything.” Tentatively, he pushed himself up to gently press his lips against the alpha’s.
“The housekeeper,” Sherlock murmured to himself with dawning realization. He hadn’t actually met the woman, he remembered suddenly; he had put the case together from the crime scene and the information provided by Lestrade. He had had no idea that she was an omega, and certainly not that she was bonded and expecting.
to grasp Sherlock by the shoulders; desperately trying to show the other man how serious he was about this.  “Sherlock, if we were already in bed with my teeth on your neck and you changed your mind, I would stop. I would help you however I could, even if that meant helping you leave. I swear.”
"Sherlock! What in God's name are you doing here?" Greg's voice was muffled slightly by the heavy cloth covering his nose and mouth. The heady scent of recently bonded omega hung cloyingly in the air; it was absolutely impossible to ignore as Sherlock swanned around the crime scene. Greg had already dismissed the other alphas on the team; their reactions had varied from absolute disgust from Sally to begrudging attraction from Jones.
“And why is that?” the officer asked, maintaining her stance and blocking Sherlock’s path into the crime scene.  John decided he really did not like the woman, and subconsciously moved closer to defend Sherlock if necessary.
“People like you bore me to literal tears” Sherlock snapped. “What do you know of bond mates? Nothing. I have no desire to be bound to some random Neanderthal with more between their legs than their ears.”  Sherlock began to pace back and forth as the words flowed out of him.
“That was not quite what I had in mind,” the older alpha snorted. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
"What's gotten into me?" Sherlock yelled, gesturing wildly around the car, "you showed up at a crime scene, reeking of alpha pheromones and ready to challenge Lestrade in a dominance fight, just for daring to touch my elbow."
The room apparently disarranged to his liking, Sherlock dusted off his hands. “Yes, the kitchen should be stocked. Mycroft is annoyingly thorough about these things.” He turned and walked through an archway into what appeared to be a formal dining room. John hurried behind him, just in time to see him walking through the swinging door and into a large kitchen.
John was silent for several minutes before he let out a deep sigh, and slumped slightly into his seat. "Do you have any idea how I felt when I woke up and you weren't there? I was terrified. I panicked."
“Well,” John mused as he peered through the glass. “I‘m sure we could always ask the driver to take us somewhere else.” John couldn’t really think of anywhere in particular they should go. He didn’t know Sherlock’s situation but the halfway house was the last place they needed to be.
Sherlock’s hands raked across John’s back, feeling the tautness of the muscles rippling below his fingertips. John’s lips danced over his as the alpha’s arms pulled him closer, moulding their bodies to each other like they had been made for each other. The cool shock of the leather against his neck as John pushed him back against the seat of the car made him whimper slightly. John effortlessly swung his body over to cover Sherlock’s as he deepened the kiss.
“Mycroft is one of the most dangerous men you will ever meet, John.” Sherlock supplied with a scoff and a dismissive gesture of his hand. “He’s also never been particularly good at keeping his rather large nose in his own business.”
Sherlock had been called quite a number of things in his life, most of them unpleasant, but he had never once been called beautiful. Opening his mouth slightly, Sherlock wasn’t sure if he wanted to protest the unexpected compliment or not. John didn’t give him a chance. Slowly leaning forward he pushed his hand back to cradle Sherlock’s head as he leaned in to kiss the omega.
“Right.” John leaned back in his seat, and wondered how much of the thought was sincere and how much was just trying to reassure him so he wouldn’t change his mind. “Can I be honest about something?”
With a furious growl, John began to pull on the rest of his clothing. The moment he finished pulling on his shoes he stormed down the hallway and straight out of the house.
"Ah, Anthea." Sherlock drawled. "Still wasting yourself on running petty errands for my lazy brother, I see."
"Yes, great idea! Have your little domestic literally anywhere else" Greg motioned towards the woman lying on the asphalt, "This being an active crime scene and all."
"Of course you can." Sherlock looked up at John's the bemused expression on John's face. "You've been doing it for years, Sherlock. I know you are capable of taking care of yourself."
