“Please more,” stammered Castiel, reaching around and gripping Dean’s hip, pulling him closer still.   Castiel could feel Dean’s erection hard against him, and the firm pressure that Dean applied to Castiel’s cock was getting too much.  He began to jerk his hips into Dean’s hand.   “Yes… Please…. I want …”  Castiel began to become incoherent.
Dean nodded once, unable to trust his own voice.
“You like that?  You want more?   You like being gagged, don’t you.” Dean was saying in a soft voice.   “Want me to mark that lovely neck of yours again?  Come on, let me hear you moan.”  There was a pause, then “God, the things you do to me, the things you make me want to do to you.  Gonna make you feel so good.”
Charlie and Sam had between them, been sharing the duties of accompanying Dean to his appointments. Charlie had put a positive spin on it, by positioning it as ‘omega supporting omega’, and being able to show that Dean had more than just Sam in his corner. This placated Sam enough to not make a big deal about it.
John asked to speak to Gabriel privately, and at Gabriel’s insistence, John agreed the boys could stay with Gabriel for the rest of the week.
“I’m not sure if I should commend you for bravery or condemn you both for being so reckless,” she said shaking her head.
Just when Castiel thought he wouldn’t be able to take anymore, Dean bottomed out, and Castiel could feel Dean’s heavy balls against him.     Castiel was grasping at the bedsheets still staring at Dean.
“Nothing’s wrong.  I just had a moment of realisation, about how special you are.  How much you mean to me.”  He squeezed Castiel slightly.  “Sorry it took me so long to realise it.”
“Let me know if that changes, OK honey?” said Missouri. She was still watching the monitor. “When you wrote your birth plan, you said you didn’t mind an epidural. Are you still happy with that?”
“Why, what about him catches your eye?”
Gabriel stood up, “Uriel.”   Gabriel was at least a foot shorter than Uriel, but Dean got the impression that Gabriel was ready to throw himself at Uriel if he moved so much as an inch towards Castiel.
Waving to the officer, Dean unwillingly turned the car around and headed back the way they came.
The next few days at school passed in a blur for Dean.   He had repeatedly tried to speak to Castiel, but the boy was fast, and often was out of the classroom before Dean had a chance to see him.   Castiel was definitely avoiding him.   Dean thought that perhaps he felt bad for oversharing at the coffee shop.
There was a moment of uneasy silence, that Castiel broke by saying, “I’m sorry about earlier.  I honestly had no idea about the necklaces and ...”
Flipping open the bottle Dean squeezed a reasonable amount of the liquid onto his fingers.  He gave the lube a moment to warm up before reaching down past Castiel’s cock, nudging one of Castiel’s thighs, pushing it out the way to make room, and then massaging the lube into the sensitive area around Castiel’s hole.  He gently rubbed at the skin for several minutes before Castiel’s squirming beneath him told him Castiel wanted more.   He added a touch more lube, throwing the bottle onto the bedside table.    He kissed Castiel gently on the mouth, as he applied pressure and permitted one digit to carefully push past the small ring of muscle.
Dean would swear to his dying day, that Cas smile at that moment was brighter than a supernova. "I think I would like that Dean." He paused for a moment and then reached up to kiss Dean's ear before breathing into it, "However your brother has returned home from a run, and is likely to want the shower, perhaps we can relocate to your room?"
That was enough to send Dean over the edge with him.  Dean’s orgasm hit and he thrust hard and deep into Castiel, “Cas,” he gasped and shuddered as the waves rolled over him.
Castiel held up his hand, not touching Dean, but enough to stop him moving. “Dean. You are tired, cold and need the bed more than I do,” Castiel said. “I am not your Alpha, and I can’t do much, but let me take care of you, as best I can within the realms of propriety.”
Still panting Dean said, "are you going to say thank you every time we have sex?"
TW: There is an extremely brief mention of Abortion services.  But it's like for 1 line, and it's gone.  I hope that doesn't upset anyone.
“We have a good shot at this,” said Sam. “Crowley isn’t placing bets, but he’s reasonably confident. Crowley said Doctor Gabriel agreed to attend as a medical expert, and to explain about PFGR and Hidden Heat to the Judge.”
“Gabe!” whined Castiel wincing as he tried to move to swat his brother.
“Shit,” said Dean.   “He mentioned something about that.  I thought he was joking.”
“That’s one word for it.  Frightening is another,” said Gabriel.   “Well I’ll let you folks get on.”  He shook John’s hand again and pulled Dean in for a hug.  “Take care Dean-o.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Less talking, more fucking,” said Castiel with a moan.
““Люблю тебя, как ангел бога, как розу любит соловей,” said Castiel kissing him again and again.  (**I love you like an angel loves God, like a nightingale loves the rose.)
“Do you carry guns?” asked Gabriel, brooking no nonsense.
Cas slipped on a pair of soft deck shoes, and gathered his stuff. “I couldn’t sleep either, and thought practice session might help. Now I am human I need to take care of this body.”
“Thank goodness for that,” said Dean quietly, gently running his hand down Castiel’s arm, before taking his hand.
"ome," Castiel muttered, trying to sit up.    "Gabe."
“Well, didn’t you think it odd he kept calling you, ‘Sir’?” said Castiel defensively.
“Really – that’s how you’re going to start this conversation?” said Castiel as he pulled back the covers on his bed.  “What’s eating you?”
He looked at the handsome face staring back.   Eyes bright and just a hint of a smile on those soft lips.  Dean thumbed the magazine to a random page, opened it and groaned.  Another photo of Cas.  This time standing under a shower head, his muscular back facing the camera, water rivulets tracking their paths across the broad expanse of naked skin down across a bare ass and strong thick thighs.   Dean felt a surge of warmth and an uncomfortable tightness in his jeans.   Glancing around, he sighed in relief as he realised no one was watching.
Let's see who bids on Castiel.
“OK.  But…”
Catching it on reflex Dean looked down bewildered.  Dean knew it was a gun case but wasn’t sure why he was being given it.
Looking surprised, but pleased, Henriksen smiled.  “The class started it just last week.” He cast a glance over the class.  “For the benefit of those who didn’t complete the homework to read the first two chapters, perhaps you could enlighten us on who Rebecca of the title actually is?”
Dean had always thought Castiel’s lips looked dry and chapped, but as they touched, he realised they were soft and yielding.  Castiel tasted of honey and cinnamon.   Dean felt like he would drown if he released his grip.   He never wanted this moment to end.
When Dean pulled the Impala into the school carpark the following day, he was elated to see Castiel waiting for him.    Hurriedly saying goodbye to Sam, who just laughed at him, he walked briskly toward Castiel.
Sam and Doctor Brown left the room, and Dean sagged wearily against the pillow. He rubbed his stomach, and murmured to Jack. “Can’t wait to meet you kid.”
Castiel reached out to Dean and entwined their fingers.  “That was….” Castiel gave up.  “Words are hard.”
And so began the slowest, gentlest relationship that Dean had ever had.
Castiel shook his head, “I told you, too weird.   But I have thought about you a lot.   About some things I want to try.  I also did some technical research.”
By the time they were finished the local police, who Sheriff Mills had called, had arrived, and a coroner had turned up to take Alistair’s body.  The local police were initially unwilling to comply with Sheriff Mills, but when they found out that it was the Chief of Police’s son, they were happy for her to take all the responsibility, despite it not officially being her jurisdiction.  Sheriff Mills sent one of the local officers with Azzer in the ambulance.  Azzer was under arrest, for aiding and abetting a kidnapping.  The Sheriff hoped to add to add the list of charges later.
There was a pause, Dean could hear it in Gabriel voice, he’d picked up on the use of Gabriel’s full name, and the change in Dean’s demeanour. “I remember.”
“A friend friend?” said Castiel suspiciously.
John turned to look at Castiel and Sam.  “Spare cache’s gone.  He’s taken the shotguns, and the flashbangs.”   Walking back to Sam, John laid a hand on his shoulder.   “Sam, I am not angry.  I am however very worried.   I need you tell me where Dean is right now.”
Cas acknowledge the sentiment with a small inclination of his head and left the kitchen.
“Not sure, I hadn’t decided.”  Castiel looked uncomfortable.  “I guess I was too focused on getting the grades I need.   I’ll do some research later.”   Picking up his coffee cup, he opened the door to the patio.  “It’s such a lovely day, why don’t we sit out here.”
Castiel supported his own weight on one forearm next to Dean’s head, as his other hands continued to caress Dean’s face and neck, whilst Castiel gently bit and sucked Dean’s lips.  His teeth scraping Dean’s neck and collar bone, sucking gently at the soft flesh.   The care and skill Castiel demonstrated as he reduced Dean to a panting, gibbering wreck did not compute to the inexperienced virgin he claimed to be, but Dean was beyond caring about that.   Their chests were barely touching, and Castiel was clearly trying not to press down onto Dean.
“Yes, Dean,” Sam sighed.
“Why do they bully you so much over it?” said Dean confused.   “It’s not illegal anymore.   Or is it just you?”
Dean felt his ass tense for a second as his rim was stretched and he experienced a pronounced burning sensation.  Dean gasped loudly and clutched at Castiel’s thighs, halting his progress.
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
(See the end of the chapter for
“Least I could do, considering everything Dean did for Cassie,” said Gabriel shaking his hand.  “It’s been a genuine pleasure having them both here.”
Suddenly Dean had a recollection of that voice and that wink.  “No way!” he exclaimed.
Cas’s movement sped up, he could feel Dean unravelling, “Do it,” Cas said roughly, “cum for me Dean.”
Dean spotted a coffee shop and suggested to Castiel that they should grab a couple of chairs at one of the tables out front.   It gave them a good view of the street and the passing pedestrians.
“Well perhaps I don’t want to talk to you.”
She nodded understandingly. “I’ll get it set up. Be back shortly.”
I know you are all desperate for Cas and Dean to meet again.   2 more chapters!   I pinky promise.
Castiel released the breath he’d didn’t realise he’d been holding and removed his hand from Dean’s cock.   The tight spasm of Dean around Castiel was enough to push him over the edge, and he called out Dean’s name, driving into Dean once more as he came with a shuddering groan, grinding down hard and heavy into Dean, filling his ass with cum.   He fell forward over Dean, supporting himself on his arms, so he wouldn’t crush him.   They both needed a moment before either could speak.
Lee shrugged, “I’ve never had anything to do with Cas before myself. I know he was always an active member of the church before his family kicked him out.  He always helped at the community centre, and I used to see him help this deaf old lady there.  He’d take her shopping and sign to her what the assistants were saying.”
"Very probably,” said Castiel.   “Night then.”
“No.  You know what it’s like at school.  I just can’t … I don’t want anyone hurt.”  Castiel swallowed hard and blinked back a tear.  “You know what happened to Kevin,” he whispered, “and he was just a friend.”
The foyer of the hotel opened into a large open plan seating and dining area.  Dean could see several tables already set out for dinner.   The whole place felt warm and inviting, with two unlit fireplaces, stone floors and chunky wood furniture.  Lots of arrangements of flowers surrounded the room, softening the hard edges of the wooden panelled walls.  There was a large stuffed buffalo head mounted on the fireplace.  Dean got the impression that 100 years ago this would have been a cattle ranch with a dozen cowboys wandering around.
Sam supported Dean, and waited for the contraction to pass. Guiding Dean to the front seat of his car, Sam slipped into the driving seat and helped Dean adjust his seat belt. Ensuring the lap belt was below his belly, across his hip bones, and the shoulder strap was across the centre of his shoulder and chest away from his stomach. It barely fit. “You good to go?” Sam asked.
Watching carefully, Sam saw Castiel look at Dean. Nothing was said verbally, but Sam got the feeling that a whole telepathic conversation occurred between them, in the space of a few seconds, which ended when Dean reached for Castiel’s hand and grasped it firmly.
From Castiel, Sunday 6.55pm.             You know I do. But exams start tomorrow.
“Didn’t you get enough fresh air at the ranch?” asked Gabriel.  “Or didn’t you leave the room?”
It had been a surprise to find that John had given Dean access to a small saving’s account.  John had been steadily saving small amounts over the years, as a college fund for Dean.   It was nothing to rival Castiel’s inheritance, but it helped cover the cost of basic equipment and books that Dean required.
Gabriel covered his ears with his hands in mock horror, “La la la!  I’m not listening.”
“Take a look, son.”
“You guys have a very strange life.”
“Cas, listen to me.  Cas, you need to know that you … us…. This is not a casual thing for me.  I don’t think I can walk away without trying for us.   When I leave, would you willing to believe me, to trust me, that I’ll find my way back to you?  It might take a while, but I swear I
“Same, but with diet coke,” said Castiel.    He looked at Dean’s raised eyebrow.  “What?  I prefer the taste of diet coke.”
“Yeah.  That should be good,” said Dean removing his jacket. “Oh and an old towel or sweatshirt.”
Dean pulled them into a classroom and explained how he and Sam had found him and taken him home.   “Obviously I can’t prove it, but I am fairly sure it was that asshole Alistair and his side kick Gordon,” Dean said.
Constructive criticism is always welcome.
"You seemed to be enjoying doing it the old fashioned way," murmured Cas.
"And do you know that if you ever intentionally hurt Dean, you will have a lot of very pissed off people hunting you down, and we will kill you?"
It took a couple of attempts, but eventually Castiel was seated in the back of the Impala with Sam.  Sam had picked up Castiel's satchel and placed it on the front seat.  Dean was about pull out the car park, when he realised, he wasn't sure where Castiel lived.
Castiel reached up and touched Dean’s cheek.   Dean turned his head to meet the touch and welcomed it.  “I always have Dean.  I’ve always loved only you.”   This time it was Castiel that reached towards Dean, kissing him slowly, and relaxing against Dean.  Allowing Dean’s lips and tongue to taste and own him.
Looking at Dean, Sam smiled and nodded. “OK. But call me right back if you need me.”
“I remember.”
“Sure Cas.”
Sam nodded enthusiastically and returned to his homework.
“Do you find me attractive Dean?” Cas asked boldly.
“Wow.  That’s both really sad and really supporting too,” said Castiel.
Suddenly the light bounced back striking Dean, momentarily blinding him. Dean realised that the flashlight’s beam had been reflected by the mirrored surface of a headlamp low to the ground. It was a large black motorbike, lying on its side. Crap. Had he hit a motorcyclist? Surging forward he quickly shone the light around the bike, and saw the shape of a body lying under the bike. It looked like the bike had fallen and trapped its rider.
Dean and Gabriel made quick work of helping Castiel out of his cocoon of blankets and getting him up on his feet.    He shuffled slowly to the kitchen with Gabriel providing a gentle grip at his elbow.
Castiel was beginning to look like a deer in headlights.
There was an awkward silence for a moment, then Castiel suddenly said, “I can’t thank you enough for what you did.   If you hadn’t been there…” he paused, “I think they really would have killed me.”
“Sorry Dean, Gabriel forgot to tell me he had invited company,” said Castiel after the introductions.   “Zar is kind of like our distant cousin, maybe two or three times removed.”
The taller boy looked over at Dean.  “Oh yes, the new trailer trash.”
Zar threw back his head and laughed, “Oh gosh I haven’t thought of that for a while.”
The lights in the room were already on, Dean assumed Ma must have shown Castiel the room first. Dean was expecting an abundance of chintz and lace but was pleasantly surprised to see the room looked relatively normal. Soft green painted walls, pine furniture, the ensuite bathroom had a huge shower, but Dean only had eyes for the enormous king sized bed. Dean groaned as he walked to the bed, shrugging off his jacket and letting it fall to the floor, before face planting right into the middle.
“I want to come with you,” said Castiel standing up.
Dean leant back in the seat.   “I don’t understand you.”
Noah nodded happily and dashed off to find them.
“Oh!” said Castiel suddenly understanding Dean’s statement.  “Um, maybe we should head back?”
Backing away quickly he returned to the library, and went to the stereo to turn it off.   He picked up Cas’s phone, and flicked through the playlist, shaking his head.
“Well I don’t think the police would do much, considering this was probably Alistair, or one of his goons.   And I didn’t want to go to the hospital, because my older brother Uriel works there,” said Castiel quietly.  “Don’t worry, Gabe has a Doctor on the payroll of his film company.   He called in a favour, and had the Doctor come round and check me over this morning.  Doc said I’ll be fine.”
floor, Castiel darted ahead to unlock the door and hold it open for Dean.   Dean stopped as he crossed the threshold.   “Holy crap!” he announced as the took in the room.   “This is awesome.”  The room was painted in warm browns, with dark red leather chairs and chunky pine furniture.  There was also a double sided fireplace, that Dean assumed connected to the bathroom.  There was a large king size bed as well as a full-sized bed under the window.  The whole effect was very masculine but also comfortable.    Dean put the bags on the table at the end of the bed, and looked out the window, which had a breath-taking view of the surrounding countryside.
“Sit down Cas,” said Dean, as Castiel stood there unsure whether he should be there or not, despite Dean having called him over.
Lee refused to let Dean stop, and with a jerk of his head at Benny, Benny and Lee practically frog-marched Dean out of the building and over to the sports field.
“Do you want me to get anything for you from school, like homework or something?” offered Dean.
Dean lay back down next to Cas, facing him, their bodies pressing against each other in complete harmony, their cocks gently nestled together. "I trust you, and I hope you trust me. I read up a whole heap of information about this, and I need to know if you're ready to try, and what you want. I have condoms if you want them."
Another contraction was building and Missouri watched the monitor, rubbing Dean’s arm as it passed.
The request made Castiel smile.   Dean leaned against the wall watching as Castiel quickly removed his socks, stripped off his T-shirt, and then his trousers and boxers in one go.   There had been a joking comment made one night, about how unsexy it was to stand there in socks after taking off their clothes, and now they both made a point of removing their socks first, when undressing.
“You’re dating him,” Benny deadpanned.
“Left and Right.”
For Dean the world exploded into a sensory overload. He could feel Cas's gentle pressure, on his lips; the tender caresses as Cas teased his scalp with his fingernails; the slight cold of the buttons of Cas's raincoat press against his chest; the powerful density that was Cas pulling him closer. He saw stars and flashes behind his closed eyes as the desire to hold Cas built within him. Dean heard a moan come growl, and was stunned to realise that sound had come from himself, as he discovered his own hand in Cas's hair, pulling him closer.
Dean chuckled slightly as he turned to look at Castiel.   “Because I can tell you’re the brainy one, and I need to copy your notes.”
“One, I am not sure if you are happy or sad about that.   Two, he’s way too young – I only work with 21’s and older.  Three, Ewww.   Four, Ewww again.  But let me assure you, Cassie isn’t the exhibitionist type.  Fairly sure he’s still a virgin.  Although…” he looked Dean up and down again, “I bet he’d make an exception for you.”
“I’ve not seen Cas this morning Gabe,” said Dean quickly.   “What time did he leave for school.”
The red Converse high tops gave a pop of colour against black jeans.   Dean had paired a plain black T-shirt this time with the black jeans, and a plaid red/black overshirt.  An embossed belt with silver studs and buckle completed the outfit.
“Can I reserve the right not to answer?”
“Oh yeah,” said Lee.   “I think I saw the film with my sister a few years ago.  Charles Dance was in it.”
Dean sat back, in his chair. “What are you thinking?”
Rather than taking Dean to a ward, as he expected, he was transferred onto a standard hospital bed, and taken to a small area with just 4 spaces. Unhappily it reminded Dean of the small ward at Kansas City Hospital, where Benny was treated. Two of the four beds were already occupied with other expectant Omega’s. One female and one male.
There was another muffled thump and what sounded like a cry of pain.   Dean reached into the glovebox of the Impala, and quickly grabbed the long thin knife he kept there.  He deftly slid it into the purpose-built pocket in the sleeve of his jacket then he signalled to Sam in American Sign Language, "Stay here," and ran silently towards the noise.   He took a moment to freeze, back against the wall of the building, before he glanced quickly around the corner to see what was happening.
Dean:
"Yes, but you were always clean regardless." Cas nuzzled at Dean's neck hiding his face, making his deep rich voice even deeper. "Dean, tonight I don't care how or what position, or whether there is penetration or not, but make me cum for you. Make me yours and only yours."
Walking towards the right side, Dean stood and looked over at him.  So far both of them had taken the lead at different points in time.  Castiel in bed earlier, then Dean in the bathroom.   The natural give and take between them worked so far and suited them.   After having seen Castiel’s submissive behaviour when they first met, and his general embarrassment around Gabriel, Dean would never have thought that bedroom Castiel would be as assertive as he was.  It was like Castiel had a self-confidence that only Dean got to see.
She stood up, “I received a call this morning from Alistair’s father.   For all his faults as a father, he’s still a police officer.    He told me that Alistair had left the house.  He was planning to skip bail, and run,” said Sheriff Mills.    “I was already on my way to speak to you, when I received a call from Gabriel Milton.”  She looked at Castiel, “Your brother?”
“Yes, please,” murmured Castiel incoherently.   “Want it.  Want you.”
Shaking his head, Castiel focused on Sam.   "Talk me through what you have already done."
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
Dean groaned and sighed as Castiel used a single finger to stretch Dean. Castiel worked him gently for some time, letting Dean get used to the feel.  “I’m going to add another now,” said Castiel giving Dean a chance to stop him.   Dean grunted acknowledgement.
I am so sorry!   Please don't shout at me too much in the comments - seriously not sure I can take it, even if I deserve it.
Dean stood several inches taller than Cas, but at that moment he felt like Cas was the larger, taller man. "You mean love like friendship Cas, because I value our friendship….."
Dean’s hands roamed over Castiel’s bare chest and down his biceps before he placed his right hand directly over Castiel’s angel warding tattoo.  His left hand resting at the back of Castiel’s neck.
“Gonna have to move Angel,” said Dean urgently.  “Need you to move.”
“No one should have to, Cher,” said Benny.
Gabriel suddenly realised that Dean didn’t have transportation at the hospital, as he had come with him.  “Given they’re keeping you in overnight Cassie, how about I run home and grab a few bits for you.  Washbag and PJ’s?  I’ll take Dean-o to collect his car.  We left it at ours.”
“Patience,” said Castiel, as he bent his head and kissed the inside of Dean’s thighs.  “We’ll get there.”
“Well, I just wanted to hear the full account from Dean,” said Gabriel.  “And to give you this.” He passed Dean a small white business card.  “Cassie contacted his lawyer this morning and told him about what you did.   He offered his services pro bono to you, Benny and Lee, should you need him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean smiled at the certainty Castiel had them, in their relationship, for the future.  “I think I could live with that.”   He let go of Castiel’s hand and groaned as he moved to stand up.  “I’ll grab a cloth.”    He quickly moved to the sink and grabbed both a washcloth and towel.   After carefully cleaning and drying Castiel, he attended to himself before getting back into bed.
Dean nodded wordlessly, and then staggered slightly as Cas whisked them magically to Dean's bedroom.
Castiel turned carefully and let Dean reach down and finger him again, and soon that pleasant feeling of fullness, of something he couldn’t quite express in words returned.    Adding yet another finger drew a loud groan from Castiel.
Dean rested his hands on Castiel’s hips and pulled him closer, “Possessive much?”
“It was a surprise.   But I kinda like it.”
This chapter is unbeta'ed, as real life seems to be crushing everyone and taking up too much time.   But I didn't want to keep you waiting.
There was more kissing before Castiel rumbled again, deeper than before, “May I make love to you?”
“Like Kevin,” said Benny.
“We are not discussing that, Gabe,” said Castiel firmly.
Keeping eye contact, Dean adjusted his position.  He moved his legs so he was kneeling in the bath, and then leaned forward, walking his hands up the bath by the side of Castiel, coming to a stop either side of Castiel’s chest, boxing him in. Holding his nerve and hoping he looked confident, Dean pushed into Castiel’s personal space, hovering his face just above Castiel’s, “We could do that, or we could try the other stuff you asked for.”
Dean meets a stranded motorcyclist.
“Yeah.   But that is a good thing,” said Dean.  “You’re ready to spread your wings Angel.”
On his way through the halls of the bunker as he headed to the kitchen, out of habit he stopped by the door of Sam’s room and heard the rhythmic snoring of his brother, indicating deep sleep. He smiled fondly and moved on.
“Home James,” said Castiel in a mock posh accent with an airy wave of his hand.  “And don’t spare the horses.”
Dean appreciated Benny’s silence on the room contents.  He figured he would have to explain later.
“Wow,” said Dean once she was out of earshot.  “You put on leather jacket and I am invisible.”
“Did I say it wrong?” said Castiel uncertainly.   “How about, I want your cock?”
Dean was suddenly fearful of hurting Cas, and took extra care to ensure that Cas was well lubricated with his saliva, before starting in earnest to suck and wank Cas.
“That sounds good,” said Castiel cautiously. “I sense a but.”
Alistair knocked twice on the side of the van with the handle of his knife.    There was a muffled knock of acknowledgement. The rear door of the vehicle opened, and one of Alistair’s other friends, a tall muscular boy called Azzer, that Dean recognised, but hadn’t actually interacted with, climbed out the van with Castiel.   Azzer was holding a knife to Castiel’s side, just below Castiel’s ribcage with his right hand, his left holding on to Castiel’s arm to stop him running off.   Castiel’s hands were tied in front of him, but it appeared that his feet were unrestrained.   He still had his blindfold on though and was now gagged. He looked like he’d been thumped a few more times than the picture previously showed.  There appeared to be a fresh bruises to Castiel’s arms.
She stopped and looked expectantly at him.
“Sorry Gabe,” said Castiel hugging him back.   “I promise it is not intentional.”
“There’s a razor blade concealed in the heel of my shoe,” admitted Dean.   “And a machete in the Impala.   I don’t tend the carry the folding knife except at the weekends, and the other blade usually stays in the car when I am in school.”
Although it was early, the sun was up and it a pleasant morning. There was a freshness to the air that made Dean smile as he lowered the window and let the air and a light breeze play across his face. He realised it was still very early to get anything from the local bakery in town, so he decided to let his mind and car wander, taking the longer more scenic route from the bunker into town.
“Good,” said Dean with a soft smile. “His leg’s getting better from the trip wire, but he’s going to have a scar there.”
Sam opened and closed his mouth several times, before finally stuttering out, “I’m good.”
“Tell that to the woman at number 36,” said Castiel dryly.
When he felt Castiel relax into the feeling of being fingered, he asked quietly, “Ready for more?”
“Hey Gabe,” Castiel called out, “we’re back.”
Grimacing slightly, Gabriel said, “I wish it was just sleeping, and I don’t really want to hear my brother, shall we say ‘active’, but yes.  If you want to stay here with him, you can.”
As he was dressed enough to be decent, Castiel open the door, and looked at the range of men’s bracelets that Noah had in his hand.   They ranged from a simple set of beaded bracelets to more intricate woven leather ones, and a couple of broader ones.
To Bitch: 8.37pm     If it is Benny doing his ‘elephant’ impression – nope!
He was surprised to hear a deep rumbling chuckle from behind him. He’d forgotten Castiel was there.
“Thank you, I’ll make sure to pass on your comments.”   Mildred handed Castiel his receipt.  “I hope you come back and stay with us again soon.”
Dean stood in front of the Impala, tears now streaming down his face, allowing Castiel to hold him as he watched his family disappear from sight.
There were several beats of uncomfortable silence before Gabriel said, “Well there’s rather a lot to unpack in that tale,” Gabriel said, glancing at him. “Firstly. You made love? Not just had sex?”
Many thanks to MalicMalic for the mention in
Although Dean knew the song, he had never actually considered the words before. Dean’s mind flashed back a time where Castiel had literally given his life
Dean had been dreading that particular conversation.   In fact, he wondered whether it would be better to not mention it at all and wait for him to arrive back on Saturday.  Dean knocked the back door to let Sam know he could come back in.   Then took out his phone.  With a heavy heart he dialled his Father’s number.
Missouri completed the scans on Dean herself, in her consultation room. The room was a lot bigger than the ultrasound room, containing an examination bed, desk, chairs and a long line of kitchen unit style cupboards for storage. Like with Donna, Missouri liked to complete a scan in silence initially, and then explain what she was seeing and would show Jack’s ghost-like form on screen. Missouri seemed a little less animated than usual as she looked at the screen, and clicked the mouse to take her measurements. Finally she pushed the screen around to show Dean. Jack was swallowing, and Dean could see his jaw moving. He also felt a solid kick as he watched, seeing Jack move as Dean felt his side stretch.
“I’m on my way.  Have it ready.”
Focusing back on the dark road in front of him, a large black mass of a thing appeared briefly in front of the car, as the limited range of the headlights bounced off it. Dean had only a fraction of a second to react, yanking the wheel left to avoid hitting whatever ‘it’ was, and cursing as the Impala fishtailed under duress even at low speed.
Lee looked at Benny, “He’s been ranting like this nonstop since he heard Lisa talking to her friends.   I had to drag him out the cafeteria to stop him from finding Alistair and beating the shit out of him.”
“I really hope that’s Russian for ‘pound me into the mattress Darling’,” Dean said as he rolled his hips against Castiel.
“Shit.  Do you even know what you’re saying, what you are asking for?   What you are offering?”
Once they were safely out of Gabriel’s road, Dean gripped the wheel and floored the accelerator.
Dean heard his morning alarm beeping, and without even opening his eyes, he tried to reach over to turn it off. He flailed his arm, but couldn’t find either the alarm or his bedside cabinet. Groaning, he tried to open his eyes, but he felt like someone had super glued them closed. He tried to roll onto his side, but he felt sluggish, and his legs wouldn’t cooperate.
Small guttural noises were Dean’s only response.   After another 30 seconds or so, he finally said between pants, “Need. You. Yes. Do It.”
Dean tried to think back to where they were during that time.   “Hang on, you weren’t around this morning.  You came in at lunchtime.”
“Weird, but OK.  I guess the whole suit and trench coat look might suit you when you’ve graduated or you’re some dusty old professor, probably not the look for High School or college you really want to go for.”   Dean paused. “I did have a thought about self-defence.  Sam and I might be able to give you a basic primer on that.”
Castiel meets Jack, and sees Dean again.
Castiel raised himself above Dean, and slowly began to trail kisses down Dean’s body.   But as he reached Dean’s stomach, Castiel stopped, seemingly unsure.
Castiel’s whole body spasmed as he came untouched.  He cried out “Dean!” in a choked sob, and clenched around Dean cock, his cum spilling between them in a hot and sticky mess.
Cas leant forward and stopped Dean speaking by covering his mouth with his own. Dean responded placing his hands on either side of Cas's face and kissing him back. Eventually he stood up and Cas fell backwards until he was lying on the bed looking at him. "Fuck, you are gorgeous," said Dean hoarsely.
For the first time in what felt like days, Dean could breathe again.   He could do this.  They would do this.
One of the boys crept up to the porch and looped a length of rope around the door handle, before tying it to the porch rail, so Dean would be unable to open the door from the inside.
“все для тебя, любовь моя.”     (**Anything for you my love.)
"Trust me, that's a surprise to me too," said Dean dryly.
Dean’s entire focus on was the situation in front of him.  Refusing to allow the distraction of his concern for Castiel to unsettle him, Dean calculated, planned and discarded a dozen options in the blink of an eye.   The knife at Castiel’s side was an issue.  Dean could handle two attackers, but he would have to factor in the possibility of Castiel being injured again.  Dean was pleased he hadn’t taken the chance to launch himself at Alistair on sight.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll just take a blanket then,” said Castiel, as he reached for the comforter on the bed.
Dean nodded dumbly, as though he had just realised they were still in the car.   “Yeah.  I mean, you
From Dean, Sunday 6.55pm.               R u always gonna b the sensible one?
Cas looked at Jimmy with wide eyes.   “Excuse me?”  he spluttered.  “A skin mag?”
Cas gave a little smile. “Thank you Dean.” He suddenly looked puzzled. “Why are you here? Did I disturb you when I left the bunker?”
Dean shuffled his feet.  “I don’t think so.  I think Cas is saying I had one.”
Hearing the door click, Dean looked across at Castiel, who looked both mortified, and concerned. Perhaps it was the look on Castiel’s handsome face, the fact that he offered sleep in the car, the caring look from a woman he didn’t know, the smell of hot chocolate, the extremely loud gurgle from Dean’s stomach, that Castiel has not only paid for the room, but negotiated food as well, or maybe it was that Dean had been barely holding it together all day and he was just too tired to make any further decisions.  Maybe it was any one or all of those reasons, but Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He felt so tired, helpless, and overwhelmed that he just wanted to shut out even the simple act of making a decision about whether to go to sleep or to eat. A quiet sob escaped his throat, and he closed his eyes, as tears started to fall.
Kudos to anyone who got the references to another TV Show Mark Sheppard was part of.
“Perhaps we shouldn’t be influencing Cassie here with bad ideas,” said Kali.   “After all not long now, before you’re off to Berkeley.  What’s your major?”
Dean moved on, sucking light marks across Castiel’s abs, before reaching the happy trail of soft hair that led down to Castiel’s cock, which was already hard.   Dean eased himself over Castiel and glanced up at him before licking gently at the bead of salty precum leaking from the slit.
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
“I always will Angel,” said Dean.  Dean hissed as Castiel unwittingly touched a tender spot on his back.
“Will you really teach me some self-defence moves?” Castiel asked.  “I mean my default has been running from trouble.   But as I found out, that doesn’t work when they ambush you.”
Taking a deep breath, Dean focused, his voice became hard and cold.    “Gabriel.   Listen to me.   Do you remember me telling you what my Dad does?  What he trained me to do?”
“Hey, did Dean tell you about his big plans for tomorrow night?” said Lee conversationally as they boys walked the pathway near the sheds.
Dean signed contentedly draping an arm over him, “I don’t know what technical research you did. But I think you aced the practical.”
Dean's baby arrives, and Dean reaches out to Charlie for help.
Glancing up at Castiel, John shook his head.  “No Sam.  Enough.  No secrets.  Sit down and tell us both what’s going on.  What doesn’t Dean want Cas to know?”  John led Sam to one of the kitchen chairs, and indicated for Castiel to take another.   John stood at the sink his arms folded, whilst he waited for Sam to speak.
Pausing to look at Castiel, Dean reached out and rested a hand on his chest, just above Castiel’s heart, “How do you want me?” he breathed.
Dean nodded.
Extracting Castiel’s overnight bag from the trunk, Dean carried it for him, as Castiel unlocked the door and entered the house.
“OK, Castiel. What do you say we put up with each other for the next 30-40 minutes until we get to town?”
“Way worse,” said Dean angrily.   “The - he could have broken his neck being shoved down the stairs - type stuff.”  Dean stopped walking.
“Touch yourself,” said Dean.  “Let me watch you.”
“He’s alive, but he was badly injured,” rushed Benny.  “They’re taking him to hospital.   The caretaker found him. Looks like he’d been there a while, unable to move.”
Castiel glanced over at Dean, as he drove.   Dean was clearly relaxed, enjoying the sunshine, his window wound down, letting his left arm dangle outside the car, whilst he gently maintained control of the wheel with his right hand.    Dean hummed along with the song currently playing, Nothing Else Matters by Metallica.   It wasn’t Castiel’s usual style of music, but he found he enjoyed listening to the words, joining in a little towards the end with Dean.   Dean grinned, as they sang together, Cas slightly out of tune.
Dean groaned as he moved, trying to adjust his legs as he pulled himself up to sit next to Cas.
“Smooth,” teased Sam.   “Getting his number like that.”
“I’ll be fine,” said Dean turning back around.  “What about you?” Dean touched the dried blood at Castiel’s temple and checked the wound on his side from Azzer’s knife.
“I like some of her stuff,” said Castiel.
“Straight people can be friends with gay people Cas,” said Dean interrupting him.  “It don’t mean anything.”
“No way! I can’t believe it, the one time I’m out of town. Are you OK? Is he OK?” questioned Charlie anxiously.
Link to a calendar, showing the time line of events.
It didn’t take long for the door to be opened, and Castiel quickly disappeared inside.
“I’m taking him shopping tomorrow, in Topeka.  I thought I might be able to update his image a bit,” said Dean.
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
“Do you know why they attacked you?” asked Sam.
“One of each.”
Turning at the sound, gun at the ready, he saw Castiel running towards him from the direction of the campervan, his hands now free and the gag loose around his neck.   Dean moved away from Alistair’s body, and towards Castiel.  Castiel slammed into Dean gripping him tight in a hug, which Dean returned with equal measure.   Dean felt Castiel stiffen in his arms and realised that Castiel was probably looking at Alistair.   Dean deliberately shifted and turned Castiel so he couldn’t see the body.    “Hey.  Look at me,” said Dean steering Castiel’s face to his own, and letting his forehead rest on Castiel’s.    “It’s OK.  It’s over. He can’t hurt you anymore.”
“Why do I have a feeling there is something you aren’t telling me,” said Castiel tilting his head on one side and studying Dean.
“OK,” said Gabriel.  “You’ve obviously got something you want to say.”
Dean twisted pulling Castiel with him so they both lay on their sides, facing each other, still touching, kissing and caressing.
The stranger looked over at Dean. “No, you didn’t hit me. My bike broke down about a mile back, I couldn’t get a phone signal to call for help. I was pushing it, slipped and fell, about a minute before you arrived.”
Gabriel indicated the sofas, “Sit down, guys.   I was just about to get Cassie some soup.   There’s plenty to go around.”
… ~~~ …
Out of reflex Dean also looked at Cas, and blinked rapidly, "Wow there Cas. God was mighty generous with you. Trust me no one will ever call you deficient." He shook his head slightly, "I can't believe I am having this conversation with you."
Dean turned to say thank you but was struck dumb by the intensity of the guy’s blue eyes.  He had never seen a shade of blue like that before.   The guy blushed slightly and quickly ducked his head, breaking the eye contact.  Dean’s brain stuttered.   The guy was good looking, in a geeky kind of way.   His hair was very dark, nearly black, it was short and neatly combed – although it did look like it might take a lot of effort to keep it like that.   He wore what looked like a school uniform combo of purple sweatpants and hoodie.    Swallowing to try to return some moisture to his dry mouth, Dean turned back to face forward.   He saw Henriksen pause and look up at him.
Castiel looked up and stared at Dean, as though he was searching his soul for an untruth.  “Is everything OK, at home?”
Hearing Castiel’s deep voice, pushed Dean over the edge. He arched his back and intensified his grip on Castiel, his mouth tightened, and he grunted through his orgasm as he came hard against Cas’s cock, his body going from rigid to shaking and spasming.
Eventually Dean drew back enough to focus on Castiel’s face.  Blue eyes were shining, his lips wet and swollen from their kisses, his dark hair dishevelled and messy, and he wore a smile that could power Las Vegas.
Glancing around nervously Castiel returned to his book, ignoring Dean.   “Go away,” he hissed, not looking at him.
“I don’t want you go either,” confessed Castiel opening the front door quietly.  “But I get the feeling your Dad might be timing your return to the minute.”
“Now don’t you fret,” Missouri said to Dean. “We’ll get the epi in place, and we’ll monitor the situation.”
Benny looked sad.  “I don’t know the specifics, but Jesse made a comment.  I shut him down.”
Missouri quickly prepared a little tray of the supplies necessary, and slipped on a set of gloves. Before Dean realised it, she had sterilised the back of his hand, and inserted the cannula, taping it into position.
As Alistair approached the door, he listened momentarily, and could clearly hear Dean, speaking to someone in the cabin.
“What’s the problem then?”
When they broke apart, Cas could see the wheels in Dean's head turning. "Am I acceptable to you?" asked Cas quietly.
“Encounters sounds better than blowies or hand jobs I grant you,” said Dean dryly. “My only other experience is myself and several porn movies.  Although I confess that very bendy yoga pose you did has featured more than once in my dreams lately.”
Castiel listened for a moment getting a feel for the timing, before moving slowly in time to the song.
“Not really.”  Castiel walked towards him, and they fell naturally into each other’s arms, hugging gently.   “I won’t make a scene when your Dad gets here.   But I am really going to miss you.”
“Seriously.   Are you OK?” said Dean.  “I still think I should have taken you to the hospital or called the police.”
Unable to rely on his voice, Gabriel just nodded.
Castiel gasped, and then cast a look over his shoulder, “Gabe.” He complained, “you’re supposed to be on my side.”
Dean laughed "and your voice is like liquid sex." He reached for the whisky bottle.
"I hope you are not going to admonish me about personal space?" said Cas with a smile as Dean assessed their current position.
“Don’t get too used to this.  I am not your chauffeur,” admonished Dean. They stared at each for a beat and both dissolved into fits of giggles.
Hugs to you all.  Please stay safe and well.
Dean laughed out loud, “you know, I say that Cas about his life, all the time.”
Using a couple of scaffold boards that Gabriel had the foresight to bring with him, they were able to manhandle the bike onto the back of the pick up truck and strap it down.
Sam had snigged at this, and Dean kicked him under the table.
“He carries a disease, which I bet you have now.   We don’t want that in our town.   People like that shouldn’t mix with others,” said Alistair.  “We make sure they don’t.  We want you gone.  Leave town now and no one will get hurt.”
“I know the plan,” said Gabriel.  “I just wish…. Wish things had been different for you.”
“Gotta prep you Angel,” Dean said breathlessly pulling back and looking into Castiel’s lust blown eyes.   “It might feel uncomfortable at first, but I promise it’s so worth it.”
Sam wanted to smile at Cas's first thoughts immediately being about Dean, and tried to school his facial expression into a serious one. "I need to talk to you about Dean," said Sam slowly, "and about your relationship."
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
"Son of a bitch," Dean gasped as his clothes miraculously disappeared, and he suddenly found himself still kneeling but now naked next to an also naked Cas. "Couldn't wait could you, Angel?" questioned Dean smugly.
“Excellent,” she said. “Enjoy your stay gentlemen.”
They kissed again, but this time the touches between them was softer and more delicate.   Slowing down, Castiel smiled, and kissed Dean gently on the forehead.  “Do you want to go inside?”
Castiel heard his name being called, and saw the group, hesitating for a second.  Dean calmly held his stare, transferring his own confidence to Castiel despite the distance.  Castiel adjusted his shoulders slightly and walked over to join them at the table, carrying his tray, ignoring the whispers of the other students around them.
“He twisted his ankle in the ditch,” said Dean.  “I think you might want to bring a car up for him.   But you’ll want to protect the back seat with a blanket.  Or give him a diaper.”
Wiping his hand over his face, he refused to give in to the rising tide of emptiness that he felt. Nothing about today had been good, this was yet another bad day in several long months of bad days. Dean tried to be grateful that it was only rain lashing the car, and not the freezing snow the weather forecasters had predicted for early December.
Castiel nodded and drew Dean back to him.   “OK.”
Castiel whined in disappointment and frustration, as Dean continued to push and stretch his rim.   Just when Castiel thought he wouldn’t be able to stand anymore teasing, Dean removed his fingers, and raised himself to his knees between Castiel’s thighs.   Looking down at the dishevelled man, lying open and exposed to him, Dean felt an immense wave of desire rush through him.    He nudged forward slightly, gripping his own cock, and gave it a couple of strokes, to add some lube from his fingers to it.
“But you won’t.”
“Да, любимый мой,” said Castiel with a smile.   (**Yes, my beloved)
Castiel groaned weakly, and thrashed, trying to push Dean away, thinking he was one of the attackers.
Dean lowered the weapon and grimaced in repulsion at the miserable excuse for a human that lay in front of him.   “You aren’t even worth a bullet.”
“I don’t need no audience to take care of filth like you,” shouted Alistair.
“I guess we may have to find out,” said Dean smiling.
Lisa lowered her face to look at him coyly through her eyelashes and moved closer to Dean resting her hand on Dean’s arm, “That is so hot,” Lisa breathed, as she crowded into Dean’s personal space.
After Ryan returned with their drinks, they ordered their food, and Dean leaned back to look at Castiel meeting his gaze.  Castiel often looked at Dean like he’d hung the moon, the stars, and even a few planets, but now the look was softer.   Maybe it was the strings of lights reflecting in his eyes, maybe it was that the weight of the constant bullying had been lifted, maybe it was the exams were finally over, and the next phase of his future was now a step closer.  Castiel was not the same scared young man Dean had first seen in that English Class almost three months ago.   Castiel seemed broader, taller, stronger and sexier.   Some of that might be change in his clothes and hair, but most of it was Castiel himself, Dean thought.   He’d been through so much recently, the attacks, hospitalisation, the accusations at school of drug dealing, let alone the years of living with Gabriel, but he was still true to himself.
Dean grasped it, interlocking their fingers, allowing Castiel to pull him onto Castiel’s lap. "Always. My Alpha."
next week’s lesson.”  He glanced at Dean.   “Winchester.   I think it might be useful for you to borrow some notes of the previous topics.   As there will be a test at the end of next week. Novak?   Your notes are probably the most extensive and most legible.  Would you please arrange a copy with the office, and give them to him?”
Castiel gasped slightly into the pillow, “Oh!”
Henriksen gave him a genuine smile and indicated the book.   “Winchester?” he asked, just for clarification.
Dean was frantically wiping down the kitchen surface of their student flat for about the hundredth time.  Castiel was sitting at their kitchen table trying to write an essay in Russian for his language module, as Dean ran around straightening and tidying every article in sight.
Sam rubbed his hands together gleefully. "OK. So I want details – not too many details. But how long have you two …." He broke off at the look of terror that passed over Dean's face. "Oh hell. When you said last night, you meant last night." Sam suddenly realised something. "Dean, I am not going to pry here, but I am well aware of most of your hook ups. I've seen you with ladies, even a couple of ladies, but, I don't think I have ever seen you with a guy before. Are you bi? Have you ever…?" he trailed off unsure how to continue.
Alistair thumped on the door hard, and the sounds in the cabin stopped immediately.  He took several steps back, standing about ten feet from the cabin, the sneer on his face hidden in the darkness.
“Hey! It was that or ‘I smile because you’re my brother, I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it,’” said Gabriel patting Castiel on his head and standing up.  “Seriously though, just think about it.  You might want to give Dean-o a chance – let him through that armour of yours.    Call me if you need anything.  Night Cassie.”
Slowly he reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out his folding knife holding it with two fingers, the rest of his hand making a fist.  Dean turned to throw that down to the ditch as well.  Unseen by Alistair, Dean also threw a handful bullets that he’d concealed in his fist over towards the blowtorch.   He was reasonably sure at least a couple had hit the pan.
Dean rolled his eyes, but quickly focused on Castiel who was lying in the hospital bed.  The right half of his body, and most of his lower half was covered by a blanket, but his left arm, and left leg from thigh downwards were uncovered and heavily bandaged.  He was shirtless and had several monitoring electrodes attached to him.  The lack of clothing showed off several new bruises and abrasions across the left side of his chest and ribs.  His eyes were closed.  Dean glanced at the monitor above the bed, which was showing Castiel’s steady heartbeat and oxygen saturation.   “What happened?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t want you to go either, but I know it’s what you need.  And I will always be here, as your annoying, better looking brother, whenever you need me.”
The intensity of Castiel’s eyes on him, made all hesitation melt away.   Dean knew everyone had nicknamed their intense mutual staring, “eye fucking”.  But he knew it wasn’t that.   It was soul gazing.   Every single time Castiel looked at him, Dean knew he wasn’t seeing Dean the man, Dean the screw up, Dean the borderline functional alcoholic.  Castiel, the Angel, saw his soul, and deemed it worth saving.
“A combination of reasons,” said Sam.  “We learnt ASL because we had a family friend who is deaf.  We both spent some time with her, so she taught us a lot.  Then Dad taught us the military hand signals and other codes for when we went on jobs with him.  Dean and I kind of developed our own shorthand, so we wouldn’t bother Dad by talking when he was driving.  We also have a few emergency challenge and response codes.   Both the codes and ASL comes in handy when we don’t want anyone else to know what we’re saying.  Most people can’t understand us.”
“Gabe, you’re on speaker.  I’ve got Benny with me.    Check his shower, is it wet or dry?” said Dean still pacing.
“Yeah,” said Dean.   "But I like the idea, Lee."    Dean thought about it for a moment.  “If we do it, you know there will be a massive fall out from this.  Alistair and Gordon, actually most of the school are going to treat you like you’re his fuck buddies,” said Dean.  “The shit storm from this, it’s gonna be epic.”
Reaching out his hand to Gabriel shoulder, Dean said quietly, and with absolutely sincerity, “I’ll trust you with my brother, if you’ll trust me with yours.”
“I see.   OK.”   John knocked back the rest of his drink and stood up.    He patted Dean on the shoulder.   “Night son.”
“Seriously Cassie,” said Gabriel with a laugh.  “I never thought you were a biter.”
Dean worked quickly.  He grabbed a couple of the kitchen knives and placed them on the ground between where he’d parked, and where he hoped Alistair would park.   He covered them with gravel and placed a larger than average stone at the handle end as a guide.   Dean removed the gun from the back of his jeans and consider his options.  He’d like to hold on to it, but it was too risky.  Instead he placed it on top of the rear tyre of the Impala, where it would be mostly hidden by the wheel arch.
Castiel blushed slightly.   “Claire sent me an invitation to her college dance, with specific instructions that I must ‘dance’ with her. For the Father/Daughter dance.”
Dean staggered back.  “What the fuck?”   Dean looked at Cas as though he was looking at stranger.
“Not yet, Angel,” said Dean teasing.   “I think you need a little bit more.”
“Just tell him…. Tell him, I’m sorry,” said Dean. Turning away quickly before Ma could question him, he forced himself to run back to his car and climbed in. Before he could convince himself otherwise, Dean turned the key, the engine roared to life and he pulled away, refusing to glance in the rear view mirror, or acknowledge the tears that fell.
“Cas,” said Dean firmly, looking into his eyes.    “Don’t you even fucking dare think about leaving me. Not now.  Not ever.”
Apart from the occasional moan of pleasure about the quality of the burger, they ate in silence until Dean eventually sat back and wiped his mouth on a napkin.  “Look, about the money, it doesn’t make a difference to me.  You’re my friend.  You’re helping Sammy.  Guess I am surprised.  But also happy for you.”
Carefully rearranging himself, Dean laid back, resisting the urge to cover himself with the sheet and looked towards Castiel.  Even in the subdued light, he could track Castiel’s eye movements as he looked over Dean’s body, as though he was committing it to memory.
Sighing, Castiel started walking home.   It was better this way.  He could put some distance between them, for their benefit.
“OK then.”
Rubbing his neck Dean grimaced, “Yeah, well I’ve been grounded, so I don’t think I’ll be able to come round for a while.”
Feeling a little like he was putting on a show, Castiel turned giving Dean a non-reflected view of his rear.  Dean pursed his lips and stood up, appraising Castiel’s appearance from every angle.   Taking one the leather jackets Noah had found, Dean came close to Castiel, and offered up the jacket. “May I?”, said Dean holding it up to help him put it on to avoid any unnecessary strain on his ribs.
Regretfully they separated and Dean grabbed his bag and looked around the room.   “This is probably the weirdest place I’ve ever stayed, but it also felt the most like home.”
“Alistair and Gordon?” asked Dean.
Suddenly a bright meteor burned across the section of sky in front of them. "Make a wish," said Dean gripping Cas's hand. "That one is just for you."
Exhibiting a level of control that Castiel never knew he had, he slid into Dean at a pace that would almost have been consider glacial.  Dean keened as Castiel finally bottomed out, relishing the feeling of fullness that he received.
There was muffled thump, the sound of a bolt being drawn back, and then the door of the cabin opened.  Dean stepped out barefoot onto the little porch area, pulling the door shut behind him.    He looked around in confusion, before spotting Alistair.   “Alistair, is that you?” said Dean. “It’s like 2am Dude, what the fuck are you doing here.”
Unable to take their lack of response any longer, Dean cracked, “Well say something!” he exclaimed finally.
Sam appeared around the corner, his mobile phone in hand.   He ran quickly over to Dean and swore as he saw Castiel lying there.   "Ambulance?" Sam asked.  “Police?”
Quickly making their way to the door, Dean shouted a goodbye to Gabriel in the kitchen and Sam waved.   They climbed into the Impala and backed carefully out of the drive.
Dean sighed.  “Cas, I’m not messing with you.   I appreciated your help with the notes, and I thought we might talk a little.  That’s all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He made his way to the main library area, before he spotted Castiel standing by the modern music system that Sam had installed there.  Castiel had his back to the door way, his whole body swaying gently in time to the music.
John grimaced.   “We’ve only been in town a week, but I’ve already heard stories from people.  Richer than Croesus, and more powerful than the Corleone’s.”
Their kiss was gentle and sweet.  It promised things to come, and a future of happiness. It was both too little and too much.  Castiel felt Dean moving his lips, and relaxed into the kiss, letting Dean lead.  Dean didn’t push, he kept the kiss soft, and light, feeling the warmth of Castiel reciprocating.
“Jack?” repeated Dean.
“Look at the people here,” said Dean indicating the passers-by.   “What do you see?   Who stands out?”
“I don’t care,” said Dean.  They rested their foreheads together, lips barely apart, just breathing in the same air.   “Take care Cas.”
Carefully Dean unzipped it.   Inside was some paperwork, the spare key to the Impala and a beautiful stainless-steel Colt M1911A1 .45 handgun.   Dean looked at it slightly in awe.   “Dad?”
Feeling another contraction himself, Dean gripped the sheet and breathed his way through it.
“Love you too, Assbutt.”
There was an awkward moment when neither said anything, they were just looking at each other, before the sound of a passing car made them both jump.
From Castiel, Sunday 10.10am.          True.
Dean was no push over, and rolled pushing Cas down as he gained the upper hand. “No fighting dirty,” he said as he kissed Cas back, grinning.
“Distant enough for it not to be weird,” said Gabriel with a smirk, passing Dean a light beer, and Sam a bottle of 7Up.
“Thank you,” said Dean with a contented sigh, stroking Castiel’s hair.
Chuckling Castiel added a touch more lube and as Dean thrust down again added a third.
"I'm commmmming," sing-songed the voice behind the door.   The front door opened, and Dean was faced by a sandy haired man, a few inches shorter than himself, who was probably six or seven years older than he was.  He was sucking a lollipop, which he removed from his mouth as he made a huge show of looking Dean up and down.    "Well hello handsome stranger.   What can I do for you?"
A noise resembling a whimper escaped Castiel, and Dean smirked.  “Turnover for me,” he asked.  He sensed Castiel tense up.  “Just while I stretch you,” he reassured him.  “Tell me if anything hurts, and I’ll stop right away.”
The other two carrying petrol cans began to liberally slosh the flammable liquid around the cabin’s walls.
Dean wandered to the kitchen to grab a couple of bottles of water for himself and Castiel, returning just in time to see Gabriel waving the purple bag in front of Castiel.
Make You Feel my Love – Adele
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean loved the effect that he had over his Angel, and knew instinctively that Cas was not going to last long. Dean gently moved his other hand to cup Cas's balls, and then gently squeezed at the same time as he grazed his teeth across the large vein on Cas's dick. The effect was immediate and powerful. Crying out Dean's name again, if not louder than before, Cas stiffen, his buttocks tighten and his whole upper body lifted as though he been zapped by a defibrillator, taking Dean a little by surprise, as he ejaculated forcefully into Dean's mouth. Dean swallowed hard, taking as much as Cas as he could. Once the initial release was over, Cas continued to shudder and pulse. Dean eased up a little, but continued to hold Cas, and take his offering. It took Cas a moment to gather himself, but as Cas came down from the massive high he was experiencing, he pulled Dean off his cock and up to face him.
“Good?” asked Dean concerned.
“How far apart are your contractions?”
“I understand.” said Castiel stiffly. He glanced quickly at Dean, and then said very formally, “Alpha Winchester, as Dean’s Family Alpha, I would like to request a private conversation with you, as soon as possible.”
"Dean saved me," explained Castiel wincing as he moved.
From Castiel, Sunday 7.00pm.             Night Assbutt
Castiel released a long-held breath and raised his head, a quizzical look on his face.   “Yours?”
Dean was hopeful that the worst of the situation was now behind them.   It seemed that many teachers were positive about the changes in Castiel, and even a few of the students would occasionally talk to him.
Gabriel whispered to Dean, “I had to say you were his boyfriend to get you in here.  Family only.”
Following her through the double doors, he quickly spotted Gabriel standing by the side of the curtained booths.  “I see Gabe.  Thank you.”
Cas calmly looked at Sam's serious face. "If I ever intentionally hurt Dean, I would let you."
"Don't laugh Sammy," said Dean over his shoulder. "You don't get pie, you don't deserve any."
It took Dean a second to process what Castiel had said, but then he pulled Castiel in for a deep open-mouthed kiss, that stole what little breath Castiel had left.   When Dean finally released Castiel, Dean said, “Yeah, I am.   How about you?  I mean that was your first time?”
Dean flinched slightly and looked up into concerned crystal blue eyes. "Cas, I shouldn't have these thoughts about you." He indicated in the general direction of his crotch, "this, this isn't …." He caught himself. He wanted to say, it was wrong, it wasn't natural, he wasn't gay, but somehow he couldn't force the words out, because it felt like it would be lie.
There were several gasps from the rest of the class, and the sound of desperately flicked pages.   Someone towards the back coughed loudly unsuccessfully covering the utterance of the word “nerd.”
“Throw it,” said Alistair.
From Dean, Monday 12.16pm.            Lunch.   Did Gabe leave you feed, or should I bring you something
“Also, it’s store brought, but I have an Apple Pie for dessert,” said Castiel hopefully.
John passed one of the beers to Dean, then took a long swig from his own bottle.  Dean just sipped his carefully.   The silence continued for what felt like forever to Dean’s rattled nerves, but he knew John would only speak when he was ready.
Castiel shouted a single word in Russian.  Even without Google Translate, Dean was fairly sure he knew what it meant.
“Are you OK?” Dean shouted above the rain. His teeth were beginning to chatter. “I’m so sorry, did I hit you?”
Straining his neck to turn and kiss Castiel back, Dean gave him a small sad smile and indicated for him to take a seat.
From Bitch: 8.36pm     You gotta see this.
Gasping at the intensity of Dean’s embrace, Castiel returned the compliment by grabbing Dean’s thighs and lifting him, turning to brace him against the wall.
**  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL  **  SUPERNATURAL **
“Will do, Bitch.” Dean confirmed.
“OK son,” said John.  He looked at Dean and his friends.  “You going to drop these guys home?”
“Will you need the car?” said Dean anxiously.  He really didn’t want to be without transport in town.
Castiel led the way upstairs and Dean followed without complaint. Dean tripped on the last step of the stairs, bumping into Castiel, causing him to turn and raise an eyebrow in concern. Dean waved off Castiel’s worry, and pulled himself upright.
This time it was Castiel that groaned as he slowly started to roll his hips.   The friction of Dean’s tight walls against Castiel’s cock caught Castiel off guard, and too soon Castiel could feel his entire body responding as he made love to Dean.  But he was determined to hold back until Dean came first.  It might be Castiel’s first time, but he wanted that first time to be for Dean’s pleasure, not his own.
For Dean, the idea started as a mere possibility.   But Dean had thought about it, refined it, added, customised and expanded that possibility into a full-blown strategic plan.  He’d let it stew and percolate in his head for a full 4 days before he felt ready to share it with anyone.
“Are you asking what I think you’re asking?” said Charlie quietly.
Lots of hugs and thank you's to everyone who took the time to leave me a comment.  I genuinely appreciate every single one.
“Uh oh,” growled Benny to Dean quietly.   “Incoming at 9 o’clock.”
Gabriel raised an eyebrow and started to laugh.  “No secrets between brothers, right.”
“I was informed that Castiel was being admitted,” said Uriel.
When Sheriff Mills was happy that she had everything she needed, she called them all, including John, into her office.   It was a tight squeeze.   “I wanted to let you know that two of the five boys arrested last night were under 18.   Now that makes them minors but, given the severity of the charges, I intend to prosecute to the maximum extent of the law.”
“Aw that’s sweet Cas,” said Dean happily.  “I’m glad you two are on good terms.”
Still watching Dean carefully, Castiel gave a small nod, “OK.”
After leaving Dean with Castiel, Gabriel had explained that in the week leading up to John’s return, he and John had exchanged a few phone calls.  Ostensibly John wanted to check how Dean was doing after the shooting, but it soon became apparent that John was also checking to see exactly how serious the relationship between Castiel and Dean was.    Gabriel had explained the impact Dean had had on Castiel, and vice versa.   It had been John who asked Gabriel’s opinion on whether separating the boys was a bad idea, and if Gabriel would mind letting Dean stay and help him with a college or job application.   Gabriel had agreed wholeheartedly.
Dean laughed at Castiel’s enthusiasm.  “Sure.”
"I kinda hoped you'd want to …." He glanced around at the preparations he had already made. God he felt as nervous as a virgin on prom night – then realised that pretty much summed up the situation. He wiped a hand over his face, and wished for the 100th time he'd had more than 1 beer at dinner. But he also knew he wanted to be sober for this, sober for Cas.
At this, Castiel let his finger rest on Dean’s hole, and gave a very small push, slipping it past the ring of muscle, about half an inch.
The out of body Dean, watching the events from afar, saw that Castiel was satisfied that Dean was warm enough, gently guided him out of the shower, patted him dry, and escorted him to the bedroom, where he carefully put Dean into bed and ensured he was covered and warm.
"North Eagle Pass Drive. North end of town," Castiel muttered
“The beads on the multi colour ones, can be added or removed as necessary,” said Noah.
Dean shook his head, "I will probably screw this up like everything else."
Castiel couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped, “You have no idea how many times I have been accused of not being a typical Alpha. Maybe it would help my reputation.”
When they arrived back, Dean left Sam to show Castiel some of the Latin books borrowed from their uncle, whilst Dean quickly turned on the oven, set the lasagne he’d prepared the previous day to cook, and set the table.
“This is on you,” yelled Alistair.  “We gave you a chance to leave.”
“Absolutely.”
Emerging into the kitchen, Dean found Sam waiting at the breakfast bar.  “Thanks for the cream,” said Dean taking the tube from him.   “I think I got the dirt out, but gonna need your help putting the cream on.”
“I have no idea what you are thinking,” said Benny confused.   “Adopt him?  He’s 18.”
“Yes, Sir,” replied Dean.
Dean watched as the Castiel carried the bags and walked towards an empty table outside the restaurant.  Something looked different, and it wasn’t the just the clothes Castiel wore.  It took him a moment to realise that Castiel was now walking more upright.  Gone was the hunched, cowered figure, hiding in a hoodie that had started the day. The newfound confidence Castiel had from something as simple as a new outfit made Dean happy.  Whereas before Dean always felt he was looking at a much shorter man, now their eyes were almost at the same level.
“It’s OK Angel.  I made my peace with it a long time ago.   But I wanted you to know, this ain’t my first time with a man, but it is the first time with a man I want to be with.  Someone I trust.   Someone I love.”  He kissed the back of Castiel’s neck, and buried his nose into Castiel’s hair.  “I want you Cas.  I want to be with you.   We don’t have to do anything more than this, if that’s what you want.   But I want to be honest with you.  I want everything.  I want to taste you, I want to kiss you, I want to make love to you, and hold you, and be with you.”
“I was thinking of coming out here.  Just so he’s not on his own.  Apparently, no one else is out at the school.”
“Maybe I like weird,” said Zar toasting Gabriel with his wine glass.
“I see from your notes that Doctor Moseley gave you a steroid shot yesterday, is that correct?”
There was a choked sound from behind John, a cross between a cry and gasp.  Castiel had turned white.  He put his hand over his mouth and turned to stagger back to the road.  He couldn’t face Dean.  They had tried to kill Dean because of him.
“Yeah.   I finally caught up with that guy at school I was telling you about.   He’s had it tough.   He was outed, and his parents didn’t take it well, and he had to leave.   Well, it made me realise how great you were with everything.  I just wanted to say thanks.”
Dean laughed, “Yeah, not happening.   Let’s just say my companion is a little tied up at the moment.”
Dean lay back, and pulled Cas in a for kiss, “fuck, no.”
“I had fun too,” said Dean honestly.
Dean stopped and stared up, fixing his gaze on the brightest point of light. "At first it was always that Dad would find old Yellow Eyes, and kill him. Then it became that Sam would go to College, and become a lawyer."
As always, thanks to my beta readers, Breezeranger and Sailor_fujoshi.
Peering through the windscreen, trying to see the road ahead, Dean sighed, wishing he was already home. The weather was abysmal. The intense rain had reduced visibility to almost zero and made the road treacherous. This would have been a dangerous combination at 2pm in the afternoon, but it was 9.30pm on a Friday night. The darkness didn’t just make everything more difficult, it also made it a lot more hazardous.
It was clear Dean had a strong idea of what he was looking for.   The first few shops he paused in the doorway, glanced quickly over the racks, checking a couple of price labels, and then dragged Castiel to the next one.
“Really?” questioned Castiel.   “I see you checking your phone.  Are you waiting on a call from someone?   Maybe a love interest?”
Everything came flooding back in rush.  Jack!!!
“Please what Dean?”
There was a sudden disturbance from down by the road.  A loud voice was calling for Dean.  Turning to look, Dean was amazed to see Sam barrelling towards him at full tilt.   Sam threw himself at Dean, and Dean caught him in a hug, “It’s OK kiddo.  It’s all over.”
“If this is to be our last night together for a while, I want to feel it for days,” said Castiel, kissing Dean.   “I want to feel you.   I’d really like you to top tonight.”
Castiel must have understood his message, because everything happened at once.
“I think you may be biased.”
Dean’s stomach dropped.   Standing up, disrupting the class, he grabbed his bag and started moving towards the door.
“Thanks Leese, but I need to catch up with Cas,” said Dean.   Dean could see the look of disapproval on her face but gave her a flirty smile and winked in her direction.
"Seriously Cas, stop right there. Too much information." Sam shook his head, trying to remove the mental image. "OK. I will ask a question and you will answer with either Yes or No. Do you understand?"
Dean appreciated the spin that Gabriel was trying to play.  “You got my phone Cas?”
From Castiel, Sunday 6.59pm.             Maybe both?
“Words Dean,” said Castiel resolutely.  “Do you understand?”
Castiel withdrew his finger, and Dean whined at the sudden loss.   Hearing a soft click, Dean looked up to see Castiel had taken the bottle of lube, and was squeezing a large glob of the fluid onto his fingers.  Carefully recapping the bottle, Castiel started rubbing Dean’s hole again, this time with a lot better lubrication and his own saliva.
Dean nodded, “You too.”
“Wow Cas.  You weren’t kidding.   This is really good pie.”
Dean took a deep breath.   “I don’t want to take advantage of you, of all of this.”
"I don't need to wish for anything," said Cas confused. "I have everything I want right here."
Cas silenced him with slight squeeze on his shoulder, and stood to face him. "Dean Winchester, you are my friend, and always will be. But I confess I feel more for you than any one I have ever met. Your strength, your courage, your determination amazes me every day. More than any of my brothers and sisters, you make me want to be a better a person, for you."
This story is complete, and I intend to upload a new chapter every 2 days.  (8 chapters and an epilogue.)
He spotted the “clone girls” as he called them immediately.   In every class there was a clique of girls that all dressed the same, wore the same make up, had the same ‘I’m easy, but will pretend I am not,” look.  Dean also spotted the jocks, again easy to recognise by their football shirts and macho stares.   There were also the nerds; alert, attentive and scribbling notes like they were scared to miss a word.   Dean’s musings were disturbed by the one student he hadn’t looked at, the student in the seat behind him, tapping him on the upper arm and handing him a copy of the book being discussed.
Carefully watching Castiel for any sign of discomfort, Dean gently moved his finger in and out, allowing Castiel to adjust.  “You OK Angel?” he asked with concern.
The evening passed quickly, and Castiel was surprised to find he was actually extremely tired. He’d deliberately only consumed non alcoholic drinks, so was able to drive his car home, ready for his trip to the hospital the next morning.
“I just wondered how you became a film Director.”
“Always Cas.  You never have to ask.”
The waitress smiled and departed.
“If you help, I should be OK.  I don’t want to spill soup over the bedding.”
“Dean,” she exclaimed with relief. “We were getting worried about you.”
Dean nodded understandingly, quickly assessing the situation. The bike was a large sturdy Triumph model that looked like it would be at home on a race track. Dean wasn’t into motorbikes as much as he was into cars, but he recognised a powerful expensive one when he saw it. Standing on the other side to the man, Dean placed the flashlight on the ground as he took hold of the rear of the seat with his right hand, grabbed the hand grip on the handle bar with his left and braced his foot against the front wheel to stop it sliding. “Ready?” Dean shouted.
“Sorta,” said Dean. “Probably about 75% done.” It was probably nearer 50% but he thought he still had plenty of time.
From Dean, Monday 8.45am.              r u OK
Dean was at the library with Sam when his phone rang.   Apologising to the librarian, he quickly accepted the call, and dashed outside to take the call in the carpark.   “Cas,” he said quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Sheriff suggested they should all relocate from public view, and Gabriel willingly complied.  Always the host, Gabriel quickly got cold sodas from the fridge for everyone, and unwilling to be cooped up, Castiel asked them to sit outside in the back garden.
“Great.  What are you doing this Saturday?” said Dean, keen to lock Castiel into the idea.
