2 hours later in the kitchen.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/17720402
With the cell plugged into a solar charger by the window,he saw that it was 2am. Still dark outside, but more should be added to the fire to keep things warm, at least until many such as the man in his chair liked getting up. Will likely get back to walking around with his cell, worrying about a signal and contact again.
John held him close and moved his forehead to Sherlock's.
Hand holding, tucking him in bed, helping with the house, cases and laundry....fine, he might as well take that with a grain of salt too. Things have never been the same or anything close to normal since he met this man, but he no longer saw any harm at all in not really wanting things to be any other way.
They had laid out everything that needed to dry by the oven, but the bags were able to keep much of what was left inside of them dry.
It was over part of his right shin, because he was on the floor. That would explain the sharp pain and stiffness...
He kept up with Sherlock and Rosie when he had time to make phone calls, and when the phone seemed to be lost,later that night, he video called his laptop with his phone.
There were streetlights that could be seen on, but at 221B, Speedys,and businesses very close by, the city had those temporarily powered off. This was due to a call in and email to the mayor with pictures showing signs of a possible gas leak in the building next to them.
He watched Sherlock closely for a while,then went to stir the fire up in the fireplace.
Sherlock was in his chair,distanced in what seemed like his mind palace when he looked over as John closed the door.
Soon the metal from the candles and trashcan radiated enough heat that they were able to cuddle in comfort, even with the rain,then ice, pounding outside.
As the door was unlocked, both men stumbled in,winded as the door was slammed behind them. Reports were given, paperwork had been signed, and thier work on that case was finally over!
John was soon passed and followed behind, watching and grinning at the sight.
He went to the break room and took his coat off before going to where he could fix himself a foam tray of lunch. After getting individual servings and a roll,he grabbed a sleeve of silverware and a carton of juice before sitting where he had set his coat.
Excited,he hurried over to limp body of Sherlock,but then took a minute to calm himself.
"Is that what that is for?" Sherlock smiled and pointed at John's hand.
Still,by the time the ship stopped in Ireland,a helicopter arrived and set down nearby for fueling.
He smiled. So the boss over his heart often makes him tea and coffee? Doesn't matter. He could still get many around him to fall in line and go where thier needed when necessary.
" This is an old building John. The fire is very much appreciated, but I'm sure it did not get old if it couldn't handle this and worse coming from London" Sherlock said, wrapping his housecoat tighter around his neck.
"Hasn't been used in years, but the solar is doing fine," Sherlock said, then pointed in a far corner. "We can get anything rained on dry if that's started, and we should lay clothes on the floor near it and they should be dry by morning. Mycroft should have a closet where we can get dry clothes to sleep in, and yes!" he said as his eyes went to a corner, "there is a bathroom that he likely has installed with luxuries the locals here, all 28 of them of course, would consider just frivolous! There's wood stacked in the corner in front of the kitchen. You can get the wood stove started and I'll help arrange everything that needs to be catalogued and dried."
They stepped inside and went towards the lift.
"I gave her a decongestant right before bedtime, but the cold weather is harsh on everyone's sinuses. I'm sure you've been reminded of that fact at the clinic" Sherlock said, " but this shows that it may be true"
"I will, Sherlock is in room 442, but I guess he isn't answering the phone?" John said, eyes closing. Is Mycroft taking them to a place by Tyler street? Has Sherlock been talking to everyone but him?
John looked closely at the uncut,polished wood he saw earlier.. Yes, after living with him for any time,some things stop surprising you he thought.
This nephew was born long after John and Sherlock had gone through the change,where they stopped staying dead. By then,it was easier to cut ties to families they could not share this ongoing life gift with.
"Nevermind, we'll be leaving now, sorry to waste your time.No need to even look for anything here now. You can go back to your convention or whatever you were doing." Sherlock looked down and waved his hand in a shoo motion."John! Say your goodbyes and let's go," Sherlock finally turned away and John gave Mycroft a strange look as he politely apologized for interrupting, and suggested that they all go back to what they were doing before Mycroft gave Sherlock a more solid stare.
The skull had quietly sat over the fireplace for...it had no way to keep track how long.
The eyes were soon open, and he moved and popped shoulders and joints that had been stiff too long. John checked his eyes and responses, and was happy to see the child seemed back to seeming like an average 3 year old.
What he had found on St. Patrick's day was tempting to delete out of his mind soon after finding it, but Sherlock knew John was planning on getting into the same messes with excuses often heard afterwards by many. It was past time for John to get out of the tendencies and habits he has kept since they first moved to 221B years ago that only upset him.
John sighed. He knew when people, usually young children had this happen to one ear or another, things were very fussy and uncomfortable until it healed.
"I don't understand what you're talking about" John whispered.
"The children that have been treated for snakebite might not agree. Or thier parents. Or adults that get bit." John said,watching one of the larger floats get marched further down the street.
John opened the box and poured a decent amount of oats in each bowl before turning and looking up at Sherlock. "Your bowl is on the left."
"At this hour? Your brother?" John asked
Or more precisely,an ankle that had been run over with a truck.
Sherlock grinned surly over his cup looking back at Mycroft,then looked over at a stretched out, facedown John.
Do let me know if this is off the walls cheesy!
He had told John where he kept the plastic, sealable test tubes and sterilized syringes by his microscope.
"So,where will we be tonight? Doing what?" John asked, giving Greg a confused and squint look.
He pulled the wrapped up sheet up and over his head,and had the same tight swim shorts of John's he must have pulled from the dryer.
Oh yes,John thought,mind palace again. Hopefully this will not be an unwelcome intrusion.
John still had 2 days off before he had to clock in for a shift at work. He cooked dinner for both of them,which Sherlock seemed to inhale before going to bed for 15 hours.
John had not known if Sherlock would be up for a cup of tea or not after his shower, but he was so used to making two and Sherlock was not known for sleeping much while he was working. Keeping the habit worked out.
"John!" Sherlock shouted"catch her if she runs" he said before tackling this bulky, armored person to the ground.
He heard the pounding of steps as soft,bare feet from the room next door came to his in a hurry. A soft beep as a card was slid before the door was opened
" Now now you two" the woman said,making a down motion with both hands. "You can see we're in good luck!You can't get a good negotiating piece if he's too upset". She looked at Sherlock and down " this one we could get a great price on in a side trade."
Mycroft turned and walked towards the elevator to get back to his room. The room was dark,but was that a blush on his brother? He should definitely keep an eye on him. Such weaknesses could easily be used against him,even after years of seeming to understand what Mycroft thought he taught him early on.
He curled up to a Sherlock in thought. His hospital work had its emergencies and routine, but he  could never leave this work either.
Sherlock dabbled heavily at the whiteness before he was able to get a small chunk of it,held by the q tips before placing it all in the bag John gave him.
"He is a Doctor Anderson, and if things like dead tissue is enough to make you shove your work in his hands for HIM to do,then maybe you should find a job we don't have to do for you either" Sherlock grumbled, glaring at Anderson as he then focused his attention on John.
Sherlock once again, seemed quite excited and it sounded like he was skipping down the stairs before running to his room.
"Just chasing after more family members,to see where they end up. Of course no one saw or recognized me, but it still hurts being a doctor and knowing I can't save or do a thing about saving some" John said,a bit too stoicly.
John unfolded the dishtowel by Sherlock and looked at him. " Lay down here,on your stomach"
"A case! and access I need has been blocked off by the police, so I was seeing if everything in the air was in current use. Also wanted to see if I could return something to you until we get back."
They embraced on the floor by the empty bed, stripped of blankets,sheets, anything.
"It isn't a get rich quick blog,it only keeps getting more readers,which easily become more clients, and it keeps going" John said calmly, "so, have you done well with what you do with video games?"
"I think of you too often. Don't believe what many like to think. I know about human behavior and the hormonal surges that often guide it. We've solved murders over such. We've known those who keep blackmail checks and power control by knowing how to use it." Sherlock looked into John's eyes,with occasional jerks,but keeping his gaze steady, even as his own eyes were getting a wet sheen. "I should be long above THIS. I don't want you used against me, or staying away from your dates because your by me,but sentimental, frustrated and bored."
"I have to have to prepay if I call and arrange for a taxi ride, so I gave the number to Mycroft's card because WE ARE IN A HURRY," Sherlock whispered in John's ear.
John called him,but he didn't respond. Oh yes, adrenal come down,he thought with a smile. He put a hand on the back of his leg. Sherlock was still a little overheated for now, and should be fi-
Sherlock's eyes went to a rolled black  jacket on John's chair.
John started to grin. He used to feel like he had to remind others regularly that those two were not a couple. Didn't matter,others always seems to think they were together.
They disconnected from the rope, and Sherlock led with the maps, directions and observations in his head.
"I know, and the pattern has still been...I know we've worn them under our shirts, and it's almost a year,but are you not worried about the rings at all?! John said, exasperation growing.
Sherlock pointed at each one as they walked by and mouthing words before stopping at one in the middle and hitting the button.
"I'll have the crunch mash mix with chocolate milk" Amber said,then looked at John." Do you still want coffee?"
"After Rosie getting so upset, I got out and made another blanket on her bed. She should sleep pretty soundly now unless noise picks up again and the ice starts hitting hard. Tea?" John asked.
John felt anger begin to bristle. With living through others doing things like that to Sherlock,no wonder many around him assume he's asexual!
He walked behind Sherlock's chair and leaned over, lightly blowing in his ear as he nearly dropped his cup.
"Hard not to, she was black with very dark skin as well. Why would a woman you worked with so long ago,look you up and call you now? What do you know of her family?" Sherlock asked, walking towards the kitchen.
Of course.
Sherlock then lightly blew where the saliva was, quickly cooling John off,one small bit at a time.
John had the latest blog typed up titled Murder in a fashion, and was flooded with talk and replys as many readers saw what was put on the news. Neither John or Sherlock made time to talk in front of cameras,so they could not be seen.
Sherlock stopped and started smiling, "That will not be a problem. I'm sure the suspects were factoring in this bureaucratic paperwork mess with the storm that will be hitting there soon," he said.
" I'm happy for you and John you know Sherlock, but you need to keep an extra eye on your things with her running around" Mrs. Hudson eyed at Rosie going to the scones as she talked to Sherlock.
It was soon seen chased by something larger and light, silvery grey. None of the ones below the scene thought it worth much looking at for more than a laugh before leaving themselves.
Greg showed up a few minutes later, and everyone talked over case details. Sherlock over details of a solar meat dehydrater,used for bodies,that could be made portable, and John insisted that the sand,while found in different countries he's been to,could not have come from anywhere but suvenier stops. No layer of anything explosive was found, even in countries that should have something from different explosive elements the army had taught the history of different areas that had been bombed and radioactive tests done. (So troops were not completely fighting blind in areas that had levels of danger)John and Sherlock mentioned looking for anyone who travels a lot, but mostly works or is around many tourist shops or the restocking of such.
This was not at all like the clearly defined exchanges he's done in his past for drugs when Mycroft saw to that he couldn't access his own funds.
" Yes it is doll! You've been taking the blind murder case too far afterwards.It's winter now,as your doctor,I shouldn't have let you out. As someone who has lived with you more than enough years to know,take ten steps to the left and follow the fishing line." An amused John talked back. If you can't beat them,at least get them someplace warm using what they have been doing often lately in 'learning more on getting clues'.
"Carl's a woman?!" One of the men shouted.
"Hello Mrs. Hudson, we didn't wake you did we?" John said. To hell with it, she had long thought they were together in the beginning, as long as-
As the recordings said,in Sherlock's own voice, how does someone 'indirectly arrange' someone to be knocked out or slipped and tied? If he was able to quickly get the wife in handcuffs soon soon after she was 'out',then they certainly were not where Mrs.Hudson had teased about them being long ago. That was only the tip of what John wanted to know directly! But he had to be there for someone who just went through what sounds like a kind of hell!
"Hopefully a long time" Sherlock walked up beside John and said. "It didn't take long to overhear the grapevine you have in your office Lestrade. Even among them, there's a difference of opinion on how much of a crime this really is. Like if the perpetrator is a woman,it's not as bad  Like everything is and revolves around the same ideas about sex. You could use some eyes and observation to get her turned in, Anderson fits none of those qualifications"
Eyes,looks,say quite different
" Go to your room and get dressed if you're getting people over to help! What will they think with you like that!" John said,waving Sherlock at the door.
By the time John had made it to the front door, Sherlock was darting out of his room, fully dressed in his more waterproof, outdoor wear.
"Wake up Sherlock!" A hand slapped his face, and he looked up to the face of John,as he sat up on the couch.
Sherlock smiled and sat up.
"Get dressed"John said, looking at his phone,"Lestrade will be here soon, and Miss Hudson will not be up yet. It's about robberies that leave something behind. I'll finish with the omelettes,eat, and get ready for work. Would you like help before I get back to cooking?"
John was happy his shoulder quit bothering him, and during a check up,no bullet hole or injury was found to have ever existed.
Rubbing the head of his cock against the radiator, Sherlock gritted his teeth at the oversensitivity, his penis flushing a bright red at the stimulation.
“Christ, Sherlock. I bet your small lil' cock can come like this,” John said as he resumed stroking him with only two fingers, swiping them teasingly near his tip and making Sherlock’s mind stutter even more.
!" The detective was completely flushed, when John bowed down and tried to pull the zipper of his pants down.
“I-I think so. Yes.”
“John. This is too much,” Sherlock breathed hard as his eyes also took in the sight. His cock –
“It aches, John.”
He turned away, and flung himself into his chair with a grimace.
The detective sat back in his chair, tensely staring at John moving around in the kitchen.
Grinning at the thought, John possessively patted at Sherlock’s testicles as he wiped over them once more. Examining the rest of him, John quickly gave the shaft a wipe, before looking at the spot where the hot tea had landed. The burn was still visible.
"Then repeat what exactly you want me to hold."
He shook his head.
And so they spent half their evening pleasantly snogging one another, with John sitting on the couch and Sherlock planted on his lap with his legs wrapped around John’s waist. Despite the gypsum covered arms between them, they managed to find a comfortable position to kiss.
! He needed to-
His head and neck
He was stuck with the unrequited love bit. Really, what had he even been thinking in the first place?
Although John liked to maintain some healthy modesty, he wasn’t really the type to feel embarrassed at his own nudity. It was partly because of his days in the army. Though having
door and those stupid stupid arms. “John, I’m about to urinate and it will be your fault entirely. If you don’t. Open. The door. Right this instance – ah, god!”
Because, well. John wanted to be helpful, seeing as Sherlock was gradually hardening underneath his gaze, cock wet with water and soap, it was only sensible to ask.
There were 20 stairs left.
Christ, yes.
A bit not good?
He cleared his throat as he indicated to Holmes that he was about to touch him, needing to check if nothing was out of sorts.
“I... No that I was not aware of. But perhaps, that is, given your blatant interest on this subject, perhaps you’d find it of significance to learn that I prefer taking my time whilst urinating.”
“No, I wanted this,” Sherlock corrected him, sighing when John touched his hair again. “John, I’m . . . I think you should know that I--, I wanted this. For so long. I didn’t think you’d be interested.”
“Christ, Sherlock. Mind if I…,” John trailed off, gesturing down to himself and dropping his gaze to Sherlock’s softening prick, seeing it all glistening and wet. Fuck.
His mind was positively buzzing by it all, still trying to process how easily John stole himself into Sherlock’s soft-pounding heart. John interested him and wrecked him in all the right places. And Sherlock simply loved John –
He licked his dry lips.
“Open my trousers, John,” Sherlock demanded impatiently, angling his hips forward to draw attention to his bulge. “
“Yeah! For science, yes. Just for a few seconds maybe?”
Trying to keep quiet, he gripped his laptop and furiously rubbed it against his clothed length, closing his eyes as he intently payed attention to the noise behind the unlocked bathroom door.
And peeing in the shower was out of question, John would not permit it. And if he caught Sherlock.....
“JOHN!” Sherlock shouted at the top of his lungs as he came in spurts all over John’s hand, twitching and trembling as the hand kept gently rubbing his glans. It was – g o d – Sherlock barely could stand, he felt limp from pleasure. B l i s s. He felt so incredibly good. His penis felt so good, he thought he was about to-
Eventually, he’ll work on it.
Having not foreseen John’s action, Sherlock jolted with a torn sound between a whimper and a yell at the unexpected touch, knees buckling at having his hypersensitive glans touched. With a hot flush on his cheek, Sherlock panted, “Not that procedure, John. Do-
Blessed relief spurted into Holmes’ hand and into his shirt, eyes clenched shut as he spent himself.
Sherlock blinked his eyes down at him, looking unfocused. Exhausted. Blissful.
Drawing his attention back to the matter, John can’t help but admire Sherlock’s penis. While the detective is certainly not a shower, he is definitely a grower. And god does he have a lovely cock between his legs, it makes John all the more hot. Cursing himself for wearing a jumper, John quickly rolls the sleeves up his arms, before leaning down once more.
Stroking, teasing, squeezing in minimal touches, Sherlock always withdrew his hand the moment John even moved an inch. It wouldn’t do well for him to find out about this.
John halted and stared at the wall, stared at the tiles that he knew Sherlock had--
“G-God, John.”
“But John-“
But John lay next to him without another reaction, eyes fluttering closed and drool running down the corner of his mouth.
“But where? You do know your arms are not fit for any cases, right?”
“Fine. Your hands. I appreciate them. They’re… good. Your use of them is excellent—
Despite the experiment, Sherlock is still wearing those bloody fine dress pants, looking unnecessarily fancy for the occasion and John doesn't know what to make out of it. If Sherlock expects him to make sure no mess is done to his clothes then he is well bloody mistaken.
At hearing this, John’s steps faltered almost immediately. “Oh. I…see.”
At once, Watson leaned back, looking up in alarm. "Holmes? What- oh!" He instantly felt heat surge into his face at realising what the matter was. Carefully, he let go of the stiff prick in his hand.
. But no, he just-
Feeling his own cock ache in sympathy, John agreed. “Alright, let's open them…
True to his word, John dutifully tied the dressing gown around his waist, making sure that it covered Sherlock's groin before moving the frozen peas underneath off of him, seeing a pained grimace forming Sherlock's face.
Not particularly liking the way the detective pretty much glued himself to his side, John exhaled heavily, refraining the urge to shove the git off. He took a step backwards, refusing to look down for the sake of his sanity.
The excuse of the day was: Sherlock just couldn’t use his hands.
Sherlock looked like one of those bloody greek statues. What, with that slim body of his, pale, long slender legs and elegant fingers. John was doomed from the very beginning. And then there was this
Hope some of you enjoyed this chapter as well!
“Feels good?”
“Dressed, I’ve got a date,” John said, sliding a hand through his hair, looking hesitant. “Well, it’s a lunch date. She said she can’t do evenings because she has to get up rather early. Wish me luck?”
The doctor raised his eyebrows at Holmes' uncharacteristically red face, and licked his lips daringly. "It is not? Pray tell, whatever do you mean, old boy? Surely, the great Mister Sherlock Holmes can tell that he's got a small stiff pricklet on display, yes?"
With the long lanky legs, John struggled with putting on the trousers; it was more than a tricky hassle. But once he had them up the slim hips, the worst was over. Pausing, he gently pulled the zip up, realising then that Sherlock probably never needed any tucking; he supposed it must be rather practical having a small and compact cock down there.
John had a vivid picture in front of his eyes of Sherlock smelling his chair and of Sherlock stealing his pillow from upstairs, face smashed into it as John attempted to get it back. Even the few occasions came to mind where all of John’s favorite jumpers have disappeared and John had to strangle Sherlock to tell him where they were. (“
John shook his head.
Opening his shampoo bottle, John quickly washed his hair before closing his soap coated hand around his shaft, pumping it.
Surprised at the sudden request, Watson shared a heated glance with Holmes, and undid the front of his trousers, never breaking eye contact. Holmes’ movement picked up as the doctor drew his member out, showing his well endowed length.
“Hm, Sh’lock?”
“Apologies, old boy. Here now, let me,” he said as he settled his body next to Holmes’, leaning his head down to come face to face with the man.
With a dry mouth, John swallows thickly, half frozen where he is. There, underneath the table, is
Thanks for leaving Kudos
Watson started drumming his fingers on the seat, and attentively looked at his friend. “Holmes, can you describe to me where it exactly hurts? For when we are home, I can immediately see what I can treat you with; laudanum shall help with the pain as well…”, he trailed of when Holmes tried to shift in his seat and suddenly gasped at the movement, his entire body looked tense.
Sherlock leaned back, eagerly tilting his hips forwards to let John undo his trousers.
His hands were more than big enough to cover the whole length, and it fitted just right; nothing –
John didn’t know what he was saying, his brain felt befuddled and his own cock was so very hard from seeing the great detective like this; wet and dripping and naked with his desperate prick in John’s bare hand, pissing helplessly.
"Please make yourself comfortable, Holmes. It'll just be a moment until I'll examine you."
Gently, John cradled it in his hand before curling his fingers around it, beaming down at it.
John did NOT think about anything in particular after this.
. He massaged his temples. A few days earlier he had worried his mind about how one could possibly keep someone with two broken arms entertained. It wasn’t an easy task to find anything suitable, especially when this someone concerned Sherlock Holmes. John had been so devoid of ideas that he had even looked up various parenting platforms (mumsnet) where a rand of activities were suggested for injured and bored kids. But to his exasperation nothing overly helpful came up. And there was the fact that John had to consider his own involvement in those activities, somewhere he simply had to draw the line. The idea of playing football or any kind of kick sport with Sherlock seemed more than just a bad idea. And bringing video games into 221b didn't seem any better. John was sure that if he were to buy one of those Playstations, Sherlock would only make a scene of shouting at it before throwing it out the window. Besides there was this issue of his fingers being partly broken as well, so he wouldn’t even be able to press the buttons. It was a good thing then when Molly came up and suggested she’d set aside some good odd samples for Sherlock to look at.
“John! This is not nghh-,“ Sherlock pursed his lips with a hint of a pout as his legs started to dance around on their own accord, moving hurriedly from one side to the other. The doctor refrained from looking down to see what was happening between the frantic movements of Sherlock’s legs.
He buckled his hips. “So good when you’re, ah,” he rasped, hands becoming rougher every second, “desperate to piss and having me wank you,“ he continued hotly, bringing up one hand and licking at the stickiness that had remained there. “Wanted this for days, y’know.”
With an angry flush on his cheeks, Sherlock huffed dramatically, his eyes narrowed when John raised his eyebrows expectantly.
He wondered if he didn’t stop now, the level of perversity he was moving on to would rise up to such a level that sooner or later it’d be written all over his face. And people would undoubtedly notice.
. John’s professional and moral codex would suffocate from the lack of decency. It’d put him on the shame of walk, and that was simply not on. He couldn’t and wouldn’t allow it. There was no way it could happen again.
Sherlock still kept on wishing.
’, John realised what his hand had done. Without having been aware of it, he had started squeezing the length in his hand, breaking the graduate flow of urine that was rushing out of Sherlock’s tight little urethra.
The first blur of light that seeped through the curtain settled right over John’s face, blinding him as he blinked his eyes open with a groan on his lips.
Abruptly, John let his raised arm sink, suddenly frantic to know what was on Sherlock’s mind. “What? You’re not serious, Sherlock, are you?”
Sherlock looked as if he was going to pass out.
Finally finished, he took a step backwards, admiring his work. He barely heard what Sherlock was muttering, his voice sounded somewhat hoarse.
Choose 2) with the risk of burning himself further and John questioning him
“Git. You watched me shower, y’know I can’t smell bad,” John said, pausing when seeing the look on Sherlock’s face. “What?”
His thoughts were abruptly interrupted by the unmistakable sound of a soft stream hitting the porcelain bowl of the toilet.
Sherlock definitely liked to be kissed – as long as it was not below his collarbones. He even seemed to like their snogging sessions more and the attention John kept giving him when he indulged the detective.
"Right. This has to stop, Sherlock. I'm a doctor and your friend, you know I agreed that I'd be here to help you," John said calmly as he turned towards the counter, pouring himself another cup of tea. "But clearly it seems you'd rather neglect yourself than to ask me for my sodding help."
Sherlock seemed reluctant to open his legs as he let out distressed, "The zipper. Open the zipper of my trousers first, John! Make it quick! Oh god, I need to,--
“John,” Sherlock then let out, still catching his breath as a dark curl fell into his face.
Because it was so so extraordinarily sensitive to touch.
But of course, he thought wrong.
“That’s not the point! I know you think emotions are beneath you, but that doesn’t mean they are for me!”
Sherlock’s frown deepened as John kept avoiding the point of the discussion.
“Does that mean you enjoyed it then? All of it?”
Mortified with the doctor’s horrid choice of words, Sherlock made an affronted face, grimacing at the word ‘wee-wee’.
“I, y-yes. That sounds...um, good, John.”
“If you stop moving so much, I’ll be done in a minute, Sherlock.”
“Do get on with it,” Sherlock said somewhat impatiently, eyes flickering down as John hesitantly brought his hands down his waist, unfastening the button of his trousers. He couldn’t quite remember how long it’s been since Sherlock last needed the loo. John had actually been thinking about starting a journal to document the minimal drinking habits of his flatmate; he was determined to prove how neglectful Sherlock was being to his own ‘transport’. Tilting his head down, John was struck by the fact of how close they were standing next to each other, shoulders almost touching as his hands brushed the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers.
“Oh, and why is that again?”
. All of him is, and all John wants to do is touch. Not being able to restrain himself any longer, John leans down and finally cradles the sensitive flesh in his hand, eliciting a startled gasp from the detective.
No interesting cases.
“Different variations for ‘small penis’. Your drunken mind has helpfully supplied me with words such as ‘wee-wee’ and ‘little one’. I don’t mind.”
He dreaded them already.
Well, it had been months and years in a way he supposed.
right here and there felt nice, John could stand rooted here for a whole day if it weren’t for the fact that he was starting to feel cold from the lack of clothes on his skin. Sherlock felt perfect in his arms and John had to allow himself to linger on in the moment for a bit longer. With his fingers twirling at Sherlock’s nape curl, John moved his arms so they were wrapped around the detective.
, he thought fondly as his chest started to swell.
“Watson! It’s too much! I can’t, I simply can’t!” Holmes cried out, overcome by the sensation, a great trail of sweat ran down his forehead and Watson yet again pulled away.
Looking over his shoulder to check for any sign of John and (obviously) seeing none, Sherlock sunk back into the couch, irritated that today apparently was not
“Mm. Yellow.”
Pressing his lips together, the detective nodded stiffly.
Standing there stupidly, mouth agape, Sherlock felt his heart rate pick up, hearing his own blood rush through his system, pumping through his veins, downdowndowndowndowndowndown,--
, he needed to stop thinking.
Because
“Don’t be obtuse, John. My penis.”
------ JW POV ----------
He just needed to sort this out before figuring out how to hide his erection from the world’s most attentive eyes.
It was just lovely.
He had promised Sherlock he’d not leave his side. Having been incredibly vulnerable during his hospital stay, John had promised him he’d be there for him, acting as his third pair of hands and making sure to keep Mycroft’s meddling out of their flat.
Sherlock only gave him a grunt.
----SH POV-----
It was an early morning, calm and somehow domestic. Sherlock was in the kitchen with his goggles on, peering into his microscope while John was settled in his chair with his laptop on his lap.
Arousing thought was needed.
Right here, right now.
"What? What plastic bags- oh yes," he remembered now. He had to cover up the gypsums with the bags if Sherlock wanted to take a shower. He also had to put his dressing gown away and unbutton the shirt he was wearing.
Risk of burning: eliminated.
Sherlock paced with a pen in his mouth. He needed to message Mycroft that he required after all some professional assistance that would help him with the tedious, inconvenient tasks.
- then he'd be damned if he doesn't take it.
Gathering them under the table, he attempted to loosen the shoelaces before bending down to put them on Sherlock’s stretched feet, his thoughts meanwhile drifting into dangerous territory. Thinking of their previous talk, John was overcome by a sudden flame of determination and couldn’t help but take a chance.
– finding at once the soft length of his cock resting inside.
Watson withstrained a grin, nodding as he fixed his gaze on the rosy member, leaning down to give the shaft a tender kiss, feeling how it jerked impatiently.  He scarcely could believe it was Holmes, Holmes' bare prick on display for him to kiss. Wetting his lips he moved up, eager to touch the pink, glossy head with his mouth.
Watson took a moment to study what he saw, abandoning for a second what he was supposed to be doing. For once, he was allowed to openly look at Holmes' most intimate parts.
The detective swallowed, straightening his back as he blinked at John, analysing the situation.
John quickly caught on, wondering if he’s got this right.
John shifted in his seat when the detective strolled into the living room, a scowl was on his face and John raised his eyes at him.
the sight of Sherlock’s cockhead. He loved seeing it bare and exposed. Those few times he had indulged Sherlock, he had done his best to explore this incredible sensitivity with careful little touches, he had teased the detective and made that beautiful brain go absolutely mad with lust; Sherlock’s soft cockhead was just fantastic to play with.
Forcing himself to pull his wits together, John stood and shook his head. If he had his way with the madman, he would have leaned against the door and patiently waited for Sherlock to lose it there and then, watching and seeing how he started pissing himself in the middle of the kitchen, wetting the silky pants underneath and destroying them in the process.
That was John’s drunken doing then.
"John? John, what," he paused. "Just what do you think you're doing?"
He halted, frowning. Sherlock knew that he liked to clean up after dinner, it was almost a sort of a ritual of his, and surely he could wait a bit.
And make sure nothing like that was repeated.
John stared at the detective, feeling confused what just happened. He bent down without further due and gently put the shrivelled cock back into his trousers. When he was done he pulled the fly up and left Sherlock alone in the bathroom.
John stared straight across the wall, fixing his eyes determinedly on the dresser that stood in front of it, noting how the wood gleamed in the morning light. He shook his head at its overly posh look. Sherlock was all for the nice and expensive look.
Washing his hands and drying them, he opened the door.
Looking back, it should have been obvious to him that Sherlock had looked downright mortified,
And John’s heavy heart had sunk even deeper at the blatant rejection.
John’s stare made his legs involuntarily twitch with the need to move again. “John, do keep up with my lack of clothes already. Now, I really do require you to open the bathroom door. Can you
Hello readers! Yes, it's another update, can you believe!? I try to post something at least once a year lol (No, but I'm doing my masters, I'm a busy busy bee, I'm afraid).
“What use? Alright, stop, Sherlock. Just stop and let’s go back to what you asked me. You asked what we are, and I said we are the blogger and the detective. Do you not like that then?”
Sherlock’s eyes darted away in an almost shy way.
lather Sherlock up like that.
“God, John, please – do that again,
“Hold on. Did you just say ’Thank you’ or am I going bonkers?”
After a breathless moment the detective continued again, looking flustered, “-not a request! I’m not begging for this!”
The detective frowned as he relaxed again, not understanding what the doctor was so embarrassed about.
Without warning, his bladder spasmed and Sherlock hurriedly crossed his legs, methodically holding himself. He needed to-
Sherlock kneeled down, making it easier to press himself against the radiator. He carefully moved his hips to the side, caressing himself against the warm source. He tried to nudge his tip and his testicles against the radiator, hissing at the sensation.
, listening and hearing how his urine rushed out of his tight little piss slit, hearing how it hit and sprayed the bowl with a loud hissing noise.
And: the great detective had a very
Alarmed, Sherlock remembered his bladder, but he was 490 milliseconds too late. Despite his immediate effort to hold the light trail of urine back, it still escaped his urethra and dribbled down to land on John's foot.
He is still unconvinced if this is not a horrid idea after all. But there he is, sinking down to his knees, his kneecaps touching the hard floor as he makes his way under the table to meet the long lanky legs of his flatmate.
Salty.
Or an experiment.
“John,” he let out, voice rumbling as he recognised the worry etched on John’s face. Sherlock blinked as he seemed to ponder on his words again.
John checked the cup and saw it being almost empty, he moved it back to Sherlock, determined to make him drink more. The detective stared unimpressed at the cup in his hand, "It's enough for now, John. My transport doesn't require a lot of liquid."
"Watson!," Holmes grunted in slight warning.
, it suddenly halls in his mind.
“Watch me,” he warned.
Sherlock stared at it blankly and nodded. He uncrossed his legs when John sat down on the bed.
“Alright that’s it. I’m grabbing some coffee, anyone want some?”
He unbuttoned the top buttons, exposing one by one the sheer beauty of the skin underneath, a glowing ivory chest, looking all too smooth and milky in the bright light of the bathroom. Despite himself, John ran his eyes over Sherlock's torso, lingering briefly over the ribs that were showing, making a mental note to keep an eye on those. But aside from that, it was the most beautiful and perfect sight John’s ever laid eyes on. His breath nearly stuttered as he stared at it, stared at the flawless skin, stared at Sherlock.
And indeed, Holmes' prick seemed to have perked up, its tip peeked out of the foreskin as it twitched once more before shriveling down from the cold. Watson found himself throughly bewildered at the sight.
With steady pets of his open palm, John was slowly bringing off Sherlock; he could feel it in the way his hips started shifting, breath coming out ragged and the muscles in his pelvis becoming tense. Sherlock was close.
John paused the head caress.
- Sherlock was only now able to comprehend
"Um, you must be Mr. Holmes then. I'm Belinda and this is Atticus. Your brother, Mr. Mycroft Holmes, suggested you can choose whoever you prefer from the two of us. We'd be pleased to help you with anything that you'd need help and support with, 24 hours that is. We're very glad to make your daily routine easier for you!"
Aware John had caught the movement; Sherlock looked up at him doubtful. “I don’t suppose, you’d mind opening my trousers now?”
Unable to look away, John stared down at him, eagerly watching as Sherlock tried to keep his stream clean and graduate, careful to not let his little cock spill the material of his precious Dolce trousers.
"Watson, please! Yes, but you...you …mustn't tease...me so!"
he thought contently as he began tracing his fingers alongside his growing bulge,
For the first time in his life he came untouched in his pants. It was nothing like he thought it’d be like. An audible groan passed his lips as he pushed Sherlock’s prick against the wall, rubbing it vigorously against the tiles, and coming at the sight of it; coming at seeing Sherlock suddenly spurting and smearing the wall with his own essence, making a complete mess, penis twitching in his fist.
.”) John had
And John smiled, waiting patiently for him to recover, to register what this meant. They were going to finish up and talk and John was sure it was all going to be fine, he was certain he was going to move out of his room to instead move into Sherlock’s. There would be no tension after this, he was sure.
Oh, God.
“Sherlock, stop it, you will not-“
Swollen – almost – almost completely red.  T w i t c h i n g.
Forcing himself to look away from Sherlock, John went on and tossed the menu card at him. “We’re ordering some Chinese. What do you want to have?”
Of course, he never minded small cigars, and the fact remained, Watson actually liked them very much.
As if on cue, John abruptly stopped and put his tea aside, facing the detective with a strange expression, his eyes were dark.
Exasperated, Sherlock scowled at the doctor, annoyed that his gesture of appreciation wasn’t recognised.
“Me? Fine, yes. Fine.” Hastily, Sherlock pulled at his dressing gown that had slipped down his thighs and draped it over his groin, covering himself.
Thinking about Sherlock’s penis, John couldn’t come up with any other words besides lovely and small.
He blamed it on John and the fact that he kept indulging Sherlock’s
John swallowed, his own cock aching in his pants when Sherlock started to stiffen in his grip, feeling him quiver as he continued to piss with some difficulty. The detective seemed flustered at how responsive he was, occasionally muttering to John with a warning undertone, “Don’t squeeze.”
Choose 3) with high risk of still being...small
Holding the shaft with two gentle fingers, John tried not to stare; instead he forced his gaze towards the urinal in front of him, feigning indifference whilst his pulse raced all the same.
Sherlock requested John to do the same. Delete that was. Only he didn't say much to Sherlock after he had disappeared upstairs. Clearly, the doctor was uncomfortable with the whole situation and as Sherlock deduced, he wasn't up to help Sherlock with his transport's demands after all.
If it weren't for the fact that he had enjoyed it so much, having seen Sherlock's self composure slip to such an extreme level; how desperate he had been, and how needy he had been for John's help. And then John had held his cock and watched him lose control.
Blinking, John raises his eyes up to meet Sherlock's, suddenly realising that he's been staring not too subtly down the length of Sherlock's trousers.
. Wanting to tease Sherlock through his last aftershocks, John leans down, accidentally dipping his tongue into Sherlock’s weeping slit making the man jolt and cry out from the overstimulation, more ejaculation suddenly hits the roof of his mouth.
“Look at you, you can’t even control that prick of yours.” He said, looking at it intently, he couldn’t help but add, “And it's so small and lovely.”
He cleared his throat and went back to the bathroom, looking for the hydrocortisone cream to put on Sherlock later. He took a deep breath and tried to calm down. This day was really getting a bit overwhelming for him.
A blowjob under the ruddy table.
,” he gasped, voice low, “It’s brilliant, just brilliant.”
. John didn’t even have to do any nagging. Surely, he thought, it couldn’t have been because John had spoon fed him again -
“Much? John, don’t be obtuse. Of course if you like it I’ll engage in it.”
Feeling bad for phrasing it so clumsily, John cleared his throat as he shook his head, quickly adding, “It’s not that, Sherlock, god no. You did nothing wrong. It’s just, I think I would like to talk about ...something, well. Something more intimate.”
Letting out a breath, he admitted, “Look, I’ve got a libido, Sherlock. Just, the sight of having you naked, seeing you… it does things to me.”
out of all people didn't seem to mind that he was being spoon feed by someone. If anything, John would have said that he actually quite enjoyed it. The detective was humming here and there as if wanting to convey his pleasure, eagerly staring at the spoon in John’s hand and almost purring like a cat. It was all a bit odd really.
Let me know how you liked this chapter! I'm honestly not too sure about it but I figured it was time to just throw it out there before I spend another hundred years editing it.
, he’d almost forgotten.
Looking down, John did the same to the glans: eagerly dragging the edge of his crown right against Sherlock’s overly sensitive, exposed flesh, circling him in little lines, teasing him and paying special attention to the little slit, rubbing it until Sherlock cried out in ecstasy, hips rocking forwards as he ejaculated in thick spurts; his semen landing on John’s cock and shirt.
Frowning, he waited for a snide remark to emerge, but the detective remained oddly mute. Well, not that it was an entirely unwelcome thing. John grabbed the plastic bags and wordlessly wrapped them around the gypsum.
He licked his lips.
Thanks KittieHill for giving it a read over!
“He made quite a racket this morning, I’ll have you know. I had to see he didn’t blow up anything with those gypsum covered arms. It was quite a handful to make him lay down on the couch, he was just so- oh, John. You are making sure he gets what he needs, aren’t you?”
. John inhaled deeply as he snapped his eyes wide open, head swimming full of pictures of drunken scenes from last night.
“Really, Watson. We have waited long enough, will you kiss me properly now?”
His sensitive prick slapped against his belly, and Watson only gaped in silent fascination. He looked at Holmes who had his hands covered over his flushed face, and the doctor was overcome with a sudden feeling of wonder.
The door bell rang, and Sherlock heard how Mrs. Hudson let the assistants in.
It was over.
Initially, John would have thought it an impossible thing to simultaneously feel delighted whilst also have one’s nostrils flare up, but there he was. And why again was that? Yeah right, because he apparently liked to scold his flatmate for having a god damn wee in the shower.
His mind stuttered at the thought of seeing Holmes expose his stiff prick in his presence, the very thought brought an overwhelming hotness to his face and neck. Watson urgently pushed the improper picture out of his mind, and loosened his tie.
“Oh, Doctor. Will I be fine then?”
. Admittedly, he did not fancy using any of them, it was far beneath his dignity. And Mrs. Hudson was of no help either, seeing as she went to her sister’s after having found out that John and Sherlock were having sex (“
“J-John!” Sherlock yelped helplessly when John kept his hand curled around his vulnerable testicles, not doing a thing to stop Sherlock pissing over himself and down the floor.
But his transport needed to-
John’s smile fell from his lips. “Oh. Well, that’s up to you, I guess. I wasn’t exactly open with what I told you. It’s – ah – well. I just can’t concentrate when you...y'know.”
! Need to urinate.”
Sherlock scowled. “Precisely the point why I’m going out, well done John.”
At once, he forced himself to pull away.
Sherlock nodded.
Huffing like the drama queen he was, Sherlock pursed his lips as he braced himself for the cold water again.
Sherlock of course deduced him hovering around his closed door, informing him that he was unable to open the door himself and then bloody adding that John ought to stop thinking so loud about his prick.
Sherlock exhaled loudly and cleared his throat, frowning down at the floor.
Or what he could possibly hear him doing, knowing the detective had a handful of empty cups gathered around his table, it wasn’t a difficult guess.
“John,” Sherlock halted suddenly, pulling away with a longing look at John’s lips, “Will you still want a
“Because if you say that again, you will definitely be doing that next time. And if you’re backing out by that time I’ll gag you.”
Without really thinking about it, John snapped out of his thoughts as he quickly tightened his hold and firmly pinched Sherlock's foreskin between his fingers, determined to stop any urine from escaping. Gently he tugged at Sherlock, hoping to get him to the bathroom as John started to move towards it.
Adding a noise for dramatics, John sighed in obvious relief when his gushing stream slowed down, letting the last drops drip into the toilet bowl, before giving himself a little squeeze and flushing the toilet. He quickly tucked himself away and turned to look at his frozen flatmate.
Fuck, hell no.
He was a doctor for god's sake! He ought to be more responsible, especially when it came to his irresponsible friend!
“I thought you didn’t want any coffee.”
“Look, I get that this is in no way easy for you, Sherlock, but can’t you at least give yourself a chance to do something? Keep that brain somewhat busy? It’s not like I can’t do the microscope adjustments for you, you know?”
Because as he craned his neck to the side, trying to stretch the tense muscle, not only did John wonder why he was fully clothed in bed, shoes included, he also wondered why his pants felt so familiarly sticky. If it weren’t for the fact that a head full of dark curls met his gaze, John really would have believed for a split moment that he was back in his teenage years, right when he was just fourteen.
“For science?” Sherlock asked, eyebrows drawn together in apparent confusion.
Sherlock's eyes were wide, unblinking, neck somewhat flushed. He looked as though he wanted to say something, but nothing went past those cupid bowed lips. The detective exhaled loudly, shoulders stiffening before a sudden turmoil of words escaped him in a rush.
That’s when John realised that he had actually been really knackered yesterday.
"Jesus! Just bloody drink up the water!"
He smiled up at him softly; sure he could never get quite enough just from looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock with his legs spread and the ice between them, only mumbled, "Obviously." He seemed to struggle to sit still, and looked altogether far too uncomfortable in his chair.
“Yeah, I reckon those bloody trousers are not helping, with how tight they are and all,” he said, keenly looking down at the bulge Sherlock was sporting. Seeing the material cling on him, John could even make out the shape of him, seeing how the tip of his cock strained right against the zipper.
, pointing towards his belly with a slight curve. And John wanted to keep him right there. Tilting his head down to see, he took hold of the zipper and dragged it down only for a fraction until, ah —
Taking pity on him, John quickly aimed Sherlock’s cock towards the toilet and let his hand trail down the shaft before relaxing his grip, finally letting Sherlock piss.
The detective looked tense.
“J-John-“, the detective struggled to find his words, “I need- oh, J-John!”
Against his better judgement, John made a telling motion with his hand as he continued helplessly, “I mean, it’s impossible for me to not care about you. It’s not--, none of this is in any way clinically appropriate.”
His cock twitched in his jeans.
came to be. Did his hand actually slip down like that in his sleep? Because that definitely wasn't something that's ever happened before to him, at least he wasn’t the type to do something like that without asking. He
When the two assistants had walked in a few moments ago, and John had seen Sherlock's tense face observing him, he knew that this wasn't right, that Sherlock had called them because he thought John didn't want to deal with him and his bodily restrictions again.
have done this unconsciously while asleep. Because that seemed to be the only sensical explanation that came to mind as John wondered how or why the bloody hell–-
Gasping, Sherlock moved his lips back, tentatively, hesitantly kissing John.
No John doing things for him.
Sherlock groaned painfully when he was forced to move, and simultaneously expected to control his tense bladder. With his trousers half undone and his cock out, he awkwardly managed to enter the bathroom. However, upon the sight of the toilet, he couldn't hold it anymore, it was simply too much. His self control over his transport at once slipped out of his grasp as he helplessly started urinating the floor.
It felt quite small and soft in his hand…
Christ, he also wanted to toss his bloody pants away and go for a shower.
There was nothing in this world he’d rather do than give love to this poetry-worthy, absolutely perfect and gorgeous creature.
Closing the wardrobe again, John sighed. There would be enough time to move his things, but today was not the day.
Right.
in his mind. If this is the only chance he will ever get to touch him -
Suppressing a smile, he reached his hand up, bothered by the wet curls that were hanging over the fluttering eyes of the detective.“Here, let me fix that…”, he said, as he carefully stood on his tip toes, brushing the dark strands of hair away and pushing them back on top. Even wet, the hair underneath his finger tips was unbelievably soft and John couldn’t help but slide his hand once more over the scalp.
There was a split pause. John quickly looked at Sherlock’s face, finding that the detective looked somewhat speechless if not slightly flustered.
Not even bothering to control his stream anylonger, Sherlock threw his head back in bliss as he let it all go, piss spraying everywhere while he trusted John to handle it and take care of the transport. It. Was.
It was a bit unfair, he thought.
God he hadn’t had the slightest idea how much this turned him on.
"John, John! John!"
******************************
And John liked it. John especially liked seeing the rosy flushed glans peeking out from between the foam; the foreskin was almost fully retracted behind the head. Just.
Never having minded John’s close proximity, Sherlock had allowed him from day one to break his personal space rule. Sometimes it happened that John leaned towards him or brushed his arm in a way that made Sherlock’s breath stutter, in rare circumstances Sherlock would even lose the train of his thoughts altogether as the stir of arousal clouded his senses.
It looked red! The spot on the shaft was flushed crimson, and the rest of him was bright pink as if it had been furiously rubbed or something. John forced himself to not comment on it and instead put more hydrocortisone on his finger.
“Oh god,” John cursed himself, suddenly wanting to punch himself. “Sherlock, wait. I didn’t mean that-“
Wait. Shit-
. The fact that he didn’t want to cuddle was just something John had to get over with.
“God, I think I know what you’re on about,” John smiled at Sherlock, longing to kiss this ridiculous man at once. Sherlock hectically turned away as if John had caught him at something forbidden, dressing gown swirling in the air.
Blinking, John turned his head, seeing Sherlock standing a few feet away from his chair with a nervous expression on his pale face.
Because Sherlock was simply unable to suppress John Watson.
? What did John say?
"I'm waiting, Sherlock."
Usually, after these incidents, Sherlock had been able to draw his wits back together and simply reclaim control of his transport again the moment John stepped back. This, however, appeared to be impossible now.
"Can you walk on your own? Or perhaps take my arm, Holmes."
The reaction was immediate.
So wonderful. So beautiful.
enjoyed his penis.
And with a distressed hitch of breath, Sherlock thrusts so hard that he knocks the back of John’s head against the underside of the table and – god yes – it is good.
Sherlock blinked as he shuffled the towel, moving it so that it covered him fully. He hesitated.
Something unexpected was happening to John Watson. His heartbeat suddenly raced with excitement and it set off some deeply buried feelings within him. Seeing the great Sherlock Holmes, all flushed up and desperate for a piss, was not something he thought he'd ever come to witness. The fact that the man wasn't even able to grab himself with his hands, only inflamed John's hunger to see the detective so helpless and needy for relief.
are you doing, Sherlock?"
“Ask nicely, Sherlock.”
The image of Sherlock's cock stuck with him while John made dinner, it kept popping up, frustrating him even more.  Sherlock had more of a tapered foreskin, he thought, and such a small, dainty penis. The ancient Greeks would have worshipped him to bits.
“Sherlock, are you desperate?”
But John’s touch -
Fuck.
John had been anticipating
And what? Watch how the great detective took a wee in their bathroom?
“Will you kiss me again?”
Almost.
Looking somewhat disoriented, John watched as the detective recovered from having his hair rearranged, shifting somewhat away from the running water. His breath was shaky.
The question abruptly elicited a whimper, and Watson flickered his gaze down, feigning great concern. "They do appear unusually tight, Holmes. Are you quite all right?"
The Captain leaned next to him, watching him desperately stroke his sensitive penis, chuckling, "What a small cock you have! How endearing! I just might take a picture of it!"
“Forget it, John. You’ve made your point clear, I’m going to-“
John hasn’t done this in ages, not since his days in the army and it should be easy enough to remember because he’s done this often enough, but this is Sherlock. And currently he is holding Sherlock’s cock in his hand, so really, how is he supposed to focus on anything else?
Reluctantly, John stops and forces himself to let go of Sherlock’s penis, letting it rest on the thigh with the flushed head still prettily exposed. Seeing it now all small and soft again, John wishes he could coax it back to hardness.
Letting out an ‘
. Heart hammering in his chest, John found the sight, for lack of a better word, utterly intoxicating.
Hearing this made the corner of his lips twitch. Just as he had thought: Sherlock was needy, desperate and restless when it came down to stimulation.
A BIG thank you to KittieHill who hugely gave me some glorious ideas for the shower scene and who also took the time to proofread the whole lot so quick! You're fab!
The sensation of it all had his pulse hammering wildly in his throat, Sherlock barely took notice of it as the relief of letting go overwhelmed him, his stream hitting and spraying everything within its aim.
And John could have cried out, yelled at it, stomped his feet on the floor.
Sherlock started rocking his hips, "Ngh, John! Hold me! I have to piss, I have to piss!"
“My… what?” Sherlock spluttered, taken aback for a moment.
“John,” Sherlock gasped; grimacing as the movement caused his cock to harden even further. “What are you- ? Oh!”
was telling enough. It was quite decidedly
Having always been hypersensitive for touch, it was a helpless battle to fight the trembling results of his transport – sexual activities in particular had this effect on him. As for such, it seemed John had taken an interest in this sensitivity that Sherlock kept attempting to hide; with only the most minimal touches he had discovered just where his buttons were. (
He felt him stiffen in his hand – felt his stiff little cock.
Unconsciously, John stepped forward and--
Normally, Sherlock didn't spare a second thought on his transport, but the thought of John seeing him in this particular state bothered him more than he'd like to admit. He had to warm himself up. 540 seconds left, before the possibility arised that John entered the room.
Needed to hold it.
“You didn’t lock the door whilst you …took a piss.”
“Oh, the dear tried to set up an experiment of his but ended up with smashing all those tubes. I don’t know what went on in that head of his, but he was just so out of sorts, quite upset I should say. And that hair of his! They do need a good washing from the look of it.”
“Well, really sorry to say, your majesty, but you don’t exactly have a choice. C’mon, up you get.”
John could just go on and swipe a thumb over it and Sherlock would quiver down the floor, knees buckling and everything. If John as much as grazed the slit or went on to scrape a fingernail over it, he was sure he’d have Sherlock
Noticing the shift, John darted his eyes away, clearing his throat in a casual way. “Right then. Trousers only … er, bit of help?”
While he would never admit it, John enjoyed watching Sherlock struggling to urinate without making a mess. It was a hell of a sight. With his lovely cock-head exposed, John hungrily stared down at it, hoping to get a better glimpse of the slit.
“For God’s sake, John!”
“You know, er, about that holding hands thing.  What was that?”
John's hands were shaky and cool when he realised that Sherlock's cock was just a garment away from him, about to be exposed. He licked his lips when the fine material in front of him fell open.
He found he couldn’t complain about it much. After all, John Watson was in a bed with him, what was there to possibly complain about?
------------SH POV ------------
This was two and a half hours ago.
"I'm inclined to admit that I'm eager to return to a warm place again, my dear fellow," he said as they walked along the road, leaving the park behind.
, his mind automatically supplied.
Unfolding his long legs, the detective gasped, trying to stand still for John.
Sherlock’s chest was heaving, and John looked back up at him to see his face.
He was surprised- no, absolutely shocked- that
"Careful, I beg you! I'm near my-...Watson!," Holmes warned with a strangled voice. Watson was hotly exhaling his breath on his cockhead, watching as another drop of fluid welled up from the slit, spilling over the ruddy tip. Pleased with what he saw, Watson darted his tongue out, cleaning the head from the essence, tasting it.
– was good.
"Oh god," the detective gasped, "Watson, take it off! I can't stand this!"
But Sherlock decided differently when the kiss melted from one second to the next into an overly hungry and eager snog, cupid lips moving insistently against his as if their life depended on it.
Before he knew it, the streaming sound of urine hitting the porcelain bowl, slowly became lighter until it finally came to a halt. John watched transfixed as he shook Sherlock's prick, slowly letting go of it.
The doctor returned with his medical bag in his hand and a bowl with water. He pushed a chair towards the bed and sat down, telling Holmes in an assuring voice, "Alright, Holmes. You must part your legs, so I can have a proper look. It will make this much easier for the both of us."
He looked....irritated if not deeply upset.
“This?” Sherlock prompted, an unspoken request left in the air.
“Of course you asked, John. You always ask. Quite insistently so,” Sherlock replied, eyebrows drawn together at the question as though he didn’t understand what John was getting at.
So, Sherlock Holmes was after all self conscious about his small penis, John realised.
John paused at the word, eyes widening as it suddenly dawned on him.
“Jesus, are you all right?”
For once and all, John is sure he has finally lost his mind. With Sherlock having put on his irresistible puppy face, John has no idea what he has been thinking saying 'yes' to this whole nonsense. Right before Sherlock's lips turned into this ridiculous pout (the one that always seems to test John's self-control to not plunge himself at the detective and snog him to bits) the word has just slipped out of his mouth, and so it happened that John has come to agree to 'participate' and 'help' with this bloody stupid 'experiment'.
Why was John frowning?
Carefully, John moved his hand down and trailed a finger over the shrunken length to get a better sense of the size, looking and estimating.
“Yeah, I know. It’s bit inapprobiate—uh,” John halted as if sensing something was wrong with the word. “I mean, y’know.” He flailed his hands before cupping himself through his jeans again, groaning as his eyes rolled to the back of his head.
Shifting clumsily on his feet, Sherlock desperately tried to control his lower muscles as he started pissing all over himself, his penis aching and jutting up the ceiling now.
Must be a sign of his desperation. Christ, what John would have given to know what was going through that big brilliant head at the moment. Just imagining the turmoil inside that great mind palace, when all attention and focus was forced down to this one pressing matter...
“Christ. Sherlock, please tell me you actually like that,
“Oh, right.”
with his legs spread, the black material of his dress pants is almost glimmering, looking ridiculously inviting. It leaves John teetering with the desire to just leap towards and unzip those trousers.
Sherlock, who turns around to arrange his microscope on the table, halts in his motion, back visibly tensing. "I- Excuse me?"
Yes, something was
It seemed he would sleep the fourth time in a row with John in the same bed.
Entering the men’s rest-room, John cursed under his breath at finding nothing but sinks and a wall full of urinals. He had hoped for at least a stall, so he could have avoided the embarrassment of anyone walking in on them, seeing how he--
He could hear Sherlock’s breathy pants as he chanted his name, shifting his hips helplessly.
"I'll have you whipped and tied up, Holmes! How dare you rub yourself on that radiator, making it all dirty!"
He recalled their earlier conversation, when Sherlock had been just released from hospital and asked him if he could possibly help him with his 'tedious' transport.
“The procedure, John! What are you- -
John concentrated on the healing creme, putting some of it on the tip of his finger, and feeling the coolness of the transparent liquid. He tried not to think about the fact that he'd be touching Sherlock again.
John shrugged. “Nothing, continue. I’m just very flattered by your love for my hands.”
About to move his hand over the dainty length of the detective, he couldn’t help but run his thumb over the wet head, seeing as droplets of urine clung to the slit and wanting to wipe them right off.
length.
. Despite his efforts, the results have been minimal so far -
Sherlock makes something of an approving noise, still holding on to John’s left hand, which John at last discerns as a yes. Feeling more than confused at what the hand holding has to do with the experiment; John finally shrugs at it as he puts his attention back on Sherlock’s cock.
A gasp went past cupid bowed lips, and John immediately darted his eyes down, watching long legs dance around hastily, knees and ankles wiggling, accidentally bumping the tiled wall across. And- oh. Sherlock’s rosy-flushed penis looked  lovely – and – somewhat swollen – between his thighs – it was so very -  o h.
“Yes. Gently however if you please.”
Giving Sherlock another affectionate kiss on his shoulder, John’s hand trailed up towards Sherlock’s chest to collect even more soap, gathering it up like lost stardust before pressing the palm of his hand to Sherlock’s hardening length.
Sherlock straightened his back as he quickly nodded his head, eyes wandering from John’s mouth to his eyes. “John. I’m not…ah, good. In this,” he started, tone quiet as he looked away.
The cab driver had turned around to stare at Sherlock’s hidden gypsum. It wasn’t exactly surprising that people would raise their eyebrows at him, but nevertheless it took one icy glare from Sherlock to shut up the driver. Exhaling and leaning back in his seat, John gave the address and before he knew it, they were at Barts.
Having brought his hands up to steeple them beneath his chin, Sherlock feigned disinterest as he counted the amount of seconds it took for John to go back to his newspaper. It’s been days since Sherlock last had the opportunity to indulge, he felt the heat of his anticipation simmering low in his belly as he took a deep breath to relax and calm his impatience.
John's eyes immediately snapped down to Sherlock's crotch, thinking he spotted something of a wet spot there on the front. Was he-? Christ, he was. Drawing a deep breath, John tried not to think about how the detective was on the verge of sullying one of his dress pants. To say that this sight was getting a bit too much for John Watson, would be a vast understatement.
Gaping, John shot Sherlock a stern look. “Absolutely not, Sherlock. I’m not sticking my hand down your pants while we’re in this cab, passing half of London’s CCTV’s.”
John couldn’t have any of that; he absolutely loved the sight of Sherlock’s shriveled up cock. He rushed in to assure.
, repeat this -
"Holmes! That is out of question!  I saw hard that damned cane hit you! You might have severe injuries!", Watson fretted. "Look at you, Holmes! You can barely stand on your own."
Husbands, eventually.
And Sherlock refused to give him the benefit of the doubt.
His lips were pressed against his.
“God, Sherlock. That’s brilliant,
For one, John would heavily disapprove of what Sherlock was doing, possibly forbid this behavior altogether. It’d likely be classified as one of those things that were ‘not on’ in a flatshare between two flatmates. And secondly, Sherlock withered the game would be over if John knew, and that was near too intolerable for him to consider.
John’s hand froze. Adjectives?
Bloody hell, his cock – Sherlock’s cock - so desperate that it was swollen.
He wanted to touch him, touch all of him. Christ. Sherlock – his cock – everything.
“Sherlock?” John coughed. The detective looked positively hypnotised. Christ, why did he look so - so-
"Absolutely not. I'm in need for a shower. Now if you please," Sherlock interrupted, apparently having snapped out of his daze as he sprang up and turned to the closed bathroom door, foot tapping impatiently. He seemed to be in a bit of a hurry. Blinking, John scratched his neck, wondering. Surely Sherlock wasn't yet -?
critical in fact.
John considered for a moment to drag the pissing detective out of the tub and scold him, refusing to let such behaviour go through. But as he watched him, watched him piss with his vulnerable prick slightly swollen up, he couldn’t help doing quite the opposite.
No. Quickly, he shook his head, hoping to push the occurring thought away, whilst hastily looking for a sponge to clean the table up.
Gently cradling the side of Sherlock’s face, John’s eyes flickered down the pink lips, leaning in closer and closer until—
. And Sherlock was restless, so intolerably restless with want that it made him fidget –
Standing up, half-recovered, John looked down at his bunched up pants and bared cock. “Well, we should clean up a bit, don’t you think?”
"Ah. Thank you, John. Would you...tuck me back in?"
“No, but I do! Since I can’t practice my clinical detachment around you, I’m unable to give you the best possible support you deserve, Sherlock! I get distracted and hurt you! There’s not a single barrier of privacy left, I see you and I just,” John drew a deep breath and instantly stopped speaking.
Completely undo the detective.
His heart pounded as he nervously scrambled to find the right thing to say, stumbling and stuttering like a fool, because John Watson’s hot, disapproving gaze was pinning him on the ground.
He couldn't do anything of use. His activities were limited to an obnoxiously high degree. No violin, no chemicals, no microscope, no scientific research, no wall shooting.
“I love you.”
"John?"
he really wanted them to work this out. “Look, from what I remember, this was me overstepping things. I wasn’t… I know I was bloody drunk, but did I ask you, Sherlock? Because I don’t know if I did,” John said, unsure who he even was in the first place. “I shouldn’t have-, none of this I should have done. It's really bloody embarassing that I returned like that.”
. Well, not until Sherlock.
“Holmes, I think it best you hold this against you. It ought to ease the pain and prevent any further swellings."
The detective stared at John’s hands before jerking his head in a half nod, eyelashes fluttering closed. “Yes, alright.”
He was holding Sherlock - holding his prick -
- Sherlock’s general sensitivity. It certainly made things more interesting.
It probably was mahogany.
wrong, John realised.
The words rang in his head, and John licked his dry lips, taking a moment to gather his thoughts, distracted at feeling Sherlock’s penis jerk in his hand. Absent-mindedly, he gave it a gentle squeeze, aware that Sherlock was still not done peeing.
Throwing a glance to his side and then down Sherlock’s crotch, John felt a sudden tension grow between them.
Glancing at his watch, he figured it was best to leave and make their way back to Baker Street; Molly was probably clearing the slides away anyway, not to mention, John didn’t want her to see what he and Sherlock looked like at the moment.
Holmes made a grimace as he held one of his hands silently up for Watson to place the wrapped snow in. Watson noticed that the detective still wouldn’t look at him, and fleetingly wondered if he was perhaps embarrassed to be in this situation with him.
Trying to swallow it down, John coughs with some effort, grimacing. Pulling off him, he wipes his hand on his shirt, heart still racing from his high. He still can’t quite believe that he’s under the kitchen table, kneeling between the spread legs of his flatmate, seeing his cock beautifully spend. The taste of it is still on John’s tongue.
But apparently, he had been mistaken.
John thought of the tea and went back to the kitchen.
John looked back up at his face, breath catching in his throat. Oh.
“And the, er, pissing?”
“You like that, yeah? Me calling your prick small, and praising it?”
Murmuring to himself, Sherlock moved in quick strides, mind racing as he calculated the capacity of liquid absorption of his trousers (rather unsatisfactory). The numbers flew behind his eyes in rapid twirls making his lips press into a thin line. It was a tedious result:
Sherlock makes a noise between a whimper and a wail, hips arching forward. “John please, I-I need..” long clumsy fingers suddenly appear underneath the table, blindly searching for something.
John wanted,--
Because when John got their food and went back up the flat again, Sherlock was as aloof as ever. Instinctively, he sensed there was no use in rephrasing the question he’s asked. He won’t get an answer. So John let it go, for now.
“John, do hurry, I really need to-,
Holmes nodded with a tense jerk of his head.
His eyes found John’s within a second, looking unsure. “There is. A chance,” he slowly clarified.
However. John would conduct an experiment of his own now, namely one in which he was going to find out how desperate Sherlock Holmes needed to be until he'd say something, anything to John.
Blinking rapidly, Sherlock felt rather than saw John grasping his penis, holding it between his fingers as he attempted to open the door with his other. Shifting restlessly on his feet - anxious to control himself - Sherlock let out a hiss when John’s hand gently started tugging at his foreskin, playing with the sensitive head underneath.
"Sherlock, drink this. And don't make me force you, I know that you haven't nearly drunk enough today."
It made John frown. “But…why not? Just, let’s try it at least once, Sherlock. Please?”
Finally, John made sure to leave the door open before he bolted from the room, escaping to his own and making it a point to slam his door shut.
Sherlock frowned.
Perfect.
J o h n!
So. There was that. Sherlock just really disliked being kissed below the chest; it was so blatant and obvious that John didn’t even have to ask him about it.
He stepped out of his trousers and laid on the bed, feeling very self conscious with his privates obscenely displayed like that. Although confident that Watson would make it a quick procedure, Holmes was concerned he would betray his affections for the doctor during the physical. He took a deep breath as he mentally prepared himself for what was about to happen. Watson was going to touch him, and dear did he hope that he would remain uninterested, limp and soft under Watson's close proximity.
, he realises.
Less pressure. Too sensitive.
Sherlock scrambled for words. “F-Fine, yes. If you could just….ah, keep going.” He said, feeling another wave of heat travelling up his face as he hastily added, “B-But slower, perhaps.”
At realising what Sherlock was talking about, John quickly averted his eyes, still feeling horribly guilty about the tea incident. Of course Sherlock wasn't going to be wearing any damn pants for a while. This was going to be more difficult for John. And definitely more distracting.
But god, this,
Hell, a blinding bliss.
?” He stressed the word anxiously, broaching the topic of the care givers again.
Sherlock suddenly shifts in his seat as the front of his trousers gapes open; John's face is nearly at eye level with it. And leaning further down, he--
Watson counted in a soft tone while massaging Holmes' back with his thumb. The detective had his gaze intently fixed on the ground; his face was a mask of pained concentration until he seemed to gradually gain control of his breathing again.
He could pretend that he and Sherlock are-, that they’re together and holding hands while being intimate. He could pretend so easily now. Pretend that they’re always interlocking their fingers while bringing the other one off, signalising that this is so much more than just about pleasure.
Pointing the shower head towards Sherlock, John was reminded for a split second of a hissing wet cat ready to scratch him.
And Sherlock apparently didn’t seem to mind.
, the prat knew already. John was much too obvious with his fixations to keep it a secret for long. He never was good at taming down his likes.
“Yeah, absolutely stupid,” John added, nodding to himself as he dropped his hand and gazed at it intently. He really was stupid, so goddamn stupid.
Blindly, he grabbed the first thing that appeared to be a dressing gown and swiftly returned to the bathroom to put it on on its owner. Being extra considerate of his flatmate’s nudity he tied it closed around his waist.
Surprised at the words, John looked up.
“They were too tight anyway. I did you a favour there.”
Right.
“But –“
"I think it's best we take a carriage back to Baker street, I must examine you. Can you stand up, Holmes?" Watson put his arm around Holmes' waist, and tried to help him up.
And well. It had turned out Sherlock kept them only because he needed to smell them –
John went to the living room, stumbling over his words as he tried to apologise. "God, Sherlock. I'm sorry. Really, it wasn't-...I mean...It was an accident," he said lamely.
They went to Sherlock's bedroom, and John straightened the bed, making it more comfortable for Sherlock to lay on. The detective eyed the cream that John was holding, while arranging himself down on the bed, not realising that his dressing gown was slightly parting during this process and giving John more or less a whole eyeful of his groin.
“Oh,” John cleared his throat, “I thought-, er, sorry, you all right?”
He turned to his fidgeting friend, reclaiming his professional side once more.
“Yeah.”
Breaking apart with a wide breathless smile, John slid a hand through Sherlock’s dark curls, musing them up ever so slightly.
"Holmes...oh dear Holmes, do forgive me, but may I kiss your prick?"
And vulnerable.
Sherlock sighs in exasperation, curls bouncing with the shake of his head. "You know how I abhor repetition, John. Yes, should my set of data remain inconclusive, then I do require a repetition. But I'll judge this once I’ve examined the results."
“It was fine, John. You asked, I gave my consent. Obviously you liked it as you so blatantly informed me. It was…” Sherlock seemed to struggle for a moment, eyes flickering over John’s clothes as he continued, tone somewhat quiet, “It was good. I didn’t mind, John, and if I did, I assure, I would have been more than capable of having said no.”
Ah, John wasn't pleased, at all.
Ah, already?
John was not having it.
He carefully freed Sherlock’s arms from the plastic, and then made to hurry out of the bathroom, but then Sherlock called out his name, voice small.
"A miscalculation on my part. Won't happen again," Sherlock tried brightly, hoping for John to return to his happy mood.
“Alright. How about we go for a shower and watch a bit of crap telly afterwards?”
Christ no, he was not about to lose his grip once again.
And John was barely doing anything. Just. Little tiny rubs, little circle like movements of his hand, nothing more, nothing less. There, with the flat of his hand pressed to Sherlock’s lovely and stiff cock.
“Looks like we’re out of warm water, Sherlock; sorry, I’ll make this quick, okay?”
With a hot face, John’s pulse gradually slowed down as did the tickling noise in the bathroom, at last coming to a halt. Despite himself, John couldn't help but imagine how the detective shook his cock, watching how the last drops of urine dribbled from the foreskin down the bowl, before moving on to tuck himself back into those damned pajamas, flushing the toilet.
His doctor mod was switched on, on full force.
Not a moment went by before his phone pinged.
G o d.
John leaned further back in his chair and slowed down the movement of his hands, not wanting to finish before the detective had fully relieved himself. Though now that John heard the first decrease of the steady stream, John was anticipating to soon hear the familiar tickle of the last drops hitting the porcelain bowl.
. Grasping the shaft, John bit his lip as he held the edge of Sherlock’s red rimmed foreskin, careful to keep the plump head exposed to the air.
small now.
So he decided it was about time. Besides he was a doctor, he shouldn’t let Sherlock hold it for much longer.
He wanted to close the distance between them, trail his hand down Sherlock’s back, follow down the line of his dress shirt, and just squeeze that beautiful pert arse. Or pat at it gently – just, getting to feel that rounded swell. He was sure it was firm and tense with muscles.
Includes Sherlock's military kink
"Er, yes. As you said multiple times, the ...pace is important and what not."
Sherlock craned his neck to the side to look at John; his sulky demeanour was replaced by confusion. And John stared at him puzzled.
"Watson!" Holmes gasped, his eyes were wild, pupils dilated.
Bitting his lip, he stifled a moan.
Sherlock shuffled on his feet, his tone urgent as he spoke. “Pull my foreskin back, John. I can’t urinate like that.”
Perhaps-
. “As I’ve made it clear by now, it’s good. However, there’s something I’m unclear about. What are we, John? What am I by definition to you?”
Nodding, he put the cream over the red spot, massaging it. Feeling tempted to lean down and kiss Sherlock’s penis on the covered tip, John bit his cheek as he scrambled up to his feet, ignoring the urge.
Turning his head distractedly, John immediately regretted it. Looking at Sherlock, he saw him squirming restlessly in his chair, legs spread apart with a pained grimace on his face; it took John a second before his gaze rested on the still tented trousers.
The sound of the toilet lid being lifted was heard; John stared transfixed at his black keyboard, barely breathing. He thought for a split moment that he could make out the snap of a waistband, but it seemed an impossible thing to hear, after all, the walls weren’t that thin.
John picked up the empty boxes and tossed them back into the bin, watching as they nearly toppled down the overfull plastic pile again. Frowning at the sight, he hadn’t even noticed the rubbish  was so full. His mind was much too focused on the lunch he’s just had.
Startled to have been caught, Sherlock snapped his head up, finding John fondly gazing back at him.
“I… I liked it when you stimulated me while I urinated. Given the lack for more data, I have no objections for a possible repetition. And I’d appreciate it if you continued adding adjectives when addressing my penis. Obviously, you enjoy that plentiful.”
Fact was, John was anything but good with not thinking about-
-------------
“Oh, no. You are not! Sherlock Holmes, you will not do that in our shared space!”
Only one way to find out.
Licking his lips, he grew a bit wary with how still the detective remained; his eyes were closed, chest heaving, probably having an inward battle of some sorts.
– just – just perfect. He feels him in his mouth, feels how his hips shift restlessly, feels  S h e r l o c k.
Pressing his eyes closed, Sherlock let out a long-suffering breath. This
With a tentative nod and smile, Watson laid his hand on Holmes' thigh, feeling overcome with happiness and a sense of disbelief. He scarcely knew what he was doing when his thumb started drawing little circles on the pale flesh near Holmes' heavy sac.
Sherlock interrupted him.
Sherlock Holmes was about to piss his goddamn trousers. Christ.
“Right, so…partners it is. How about you tell your partner what you like, yeah? Because I for one would really like to hear it.”
. . .
- was Sherlock peeing, peeing at this very moment, vulnerable and despreate as he relieved himself; unaware that John was eagerly listening to his gushing stream becoming more and more steady.
It was far beneath his dignity to approach the possibility of John seeing him lose control over his transport. On all accounts, Sherlock found it quite unacceptable. All the work would have been for nothing, and that simply was not on. His pursuit for seducing John would invaribly become
Christ.
“Sherlock,” a quiet voice suddenly said, making him shiver with its strict undertone. “If you want to use the loo you can go right now, but in here you’re going to hold it, do you understand?”
Humming more vibrantly, the detective thrusts with a distressed cry on his lips, cock jerking and then – oh -  then bitter fluid fills John’s mouth.
He blinked the memory away as he heard a gasp above him. John felt a racing heartbeat underneath his fingers and instantly woke from his daydream, realising what his hands were doing. Staring stock still embarrassed, he had the palm of his hands plastered all over the detective's chest, feeling the warm and smooth texture of the warm skin. The treacherous tips of his fingers were drawing little circles over the ribs and John cursed himself as he quickly withdrew his hands, slightly distracted at the two nipples he was seeing.
, in a state any more.”
Letting out a huff, he stumped around the flat, loathing the natural call for relief his transport demanded.
It made his head spin.
Clearing his throat, John shook his head and blinked away his wishful thinking, suddenly having the urge to pull his hand away from the detective but not quite having the heart to do so. Instead he dips his head down, putting his lips back and behind his teeth before sucking down the top of Sherlock’s cock.
The detective seemed scandalised at Watson's suggestion, and shook his head in clear refusal. The tips of his ears were turning bright red, and Watson raised his eyebrows in slight surprise.
“No. The fabric of my trousers will stain if I ignore this process. You’re familiar with the concept, John.”
On the table waited a steaming cup of tea that smelled of Earl Grey. John took a careful sip from it, feeling at once glad to have something warm run down his throat. Wary of what Mrs. Hudson had said, John peeked into the living room; indeed seeing the detective in his blue piled mess of a dressing gown. He was sprawled across the couch, faced away from John.
John blinks in surprise.
. John barely registered how aroused he was.
Sherlock, apparently wholly unprepared for this gesture, stiffened at the touch, rapidly blinking as his brain struggled to register what was happening.
He felt the softness of the shaft and the veins on the underside, and moved his fingers further up to lightly pat his thumb around Sherlock's foreskin, caressing it and suppressing the ridiculous urge to pinch it close again, and watch his urine spray everywhere.
John hurried to the kitchen and refilled the cup again, wanting to ensure himself that his patient drank enough, he felt guilty for neglecting his duties like that. Sherlock must drink more.
Painfully turned on, John at once unfastened his own trousers, making quick work of it as his prick jumped out, hot and rock hard. Giving himself a couple of firm strokes, he felt Sherlock’s attention shift down on him, hearing how his breath hitched.
John's eyebrows shot up. Sherlock had to go more urgently than he initially had anticipated. Whenever the detective started off with the periodic table it was usually an indicator that something stressed him greatly out.
“J-John!” Sherlock almost cries out, voice raspy and choking. The sound instantly makes John's eyes roll to the back of his head. And –Christ - he hasn’t even properly started yet.
Thanks for your comments - I love them !
,” he had said).
Once it did, he made sure that Holmes was able to get inside the carriage and make himself comfortable on the seat. Watson quickly went out to fetch some snow and carefully put it into a tissue; he hoped it might soothe Holmes.
He really hoped Sherlock's bits weren't too traumatised.
Needless to say, John ended up leaving the flat.
Sherlock looked up at him, his expression dazed, eyelashes fluttering. He looked almost love-struck for a moment.
Grunting, Sherlock shrugged, seemingly not having much of an opinion on that matter.
But all he could think about -
Stupid!
“You sure? You look rather flushed, now that I notice it.”
Jesus, Sherlock was needy for words.
Sherlock had lowered his eyes down his gypsum covered arms as he quietly murmured a word that John didn’t quite catch.
Straightening his back, Sherlock stared at him puzzled, processing John’s comment.
Did Sherlock like that?
Mrs. Hudson paused, looking at him for a moment before patting his arm. “I think he’s asleep now, maybe let him doze for a bit. But you go and have that nice cuppa I made; I think that’ll do you some good, John.”
"None of that, Holmes. You are much too sensitive, see?" He demonstratively flicked his thumb over the flushed tip, making Holmes moan and thrust with a cry.
Almost as an afterthought, he goes back onto Sherlock’s softening prick, carefully keeping the foreskin back and cleaning the sensitive tip from any left drips. Meanwhile the hand in his grip loosens, falling lax from his fingers, at once reminding John that it is all over now.
A tousled mess of curls were standing up on all ends, half of them smashed against the union jack pillow. John silently approached the couch and peered down, confirming after a moment that Sherlock really was sound asleep.
Sherlock almost tumbled down at the realisation, knees weak at the commanding tone.
Sherlock immediately sprung up from his seat, scowling at the gypsum around his arms. This time John stifled the urge to look down at him, instead forcing himself to concentrate on undressing the detective. He carefully reached out, touching the fine material of Sherlock's blue dressing gown, feeling the silk between his fingers as he pulled the sleeves off him until he was free of them.
felt like unparalleled bliss and his penis couldn’t agree more as it started jutting inside his pyjama bottoms, tenting the thin fabric.
It made Sherlock gasp.
– no, it must have been because Sherlock didn’t have much of a choice but to either chew or talk.
He stared longingly at John's chair which promptly induced something in him to smell said chair, to breathe in some of John's scent. He wanted to draw John into his lungs and keep him within his senses. Kneeling down, Sherlock pressed his face into the cozy material, deeply inhaling the fragrance.
Feeling the tips of his ears turn red, John pinched the bridge of his nose, staring at the gaping dressing gown. He hoped Mrs. Hudson didn’t find Sherlock in this state of nudity, as of currently the tied belt around the waist dangled loosely on the floor; it was a far cry of a closed knot.
Johnjohnjohnjohnjohnjohnjohn-
Despite not meaning to, Sherlock’s eyes drifted shut as he listened to the sync of John’s breath and his own, sighing at the feeling of contentment.
“Right, okay.” John was not sure what he should make of the information, so he let it go for now. Staring at Sherlock for a moment, he couldn’t believe they were having this conversation in the first place.
“Jesus, Sherlock! That’s not- bloody hell! Stop it,” he warned as he tightly held his gushing penis, watching how urine continued to escape the tip. “Sherlock!” he exclaimed.
“Right. So you knew I was listening to your rather long er, piss?”
John for one really hoped this would change. He sometimes thought he caught Sherlock’s longing looks at him when he was lounging alone on the couch, watching telly.
As he got closer,he could see a dark spin of a coat and hear a gasp as someone being shoved against the wall.
After they were both inside with their bags, Sherlock gave the driver an address.
"No need to hurt"Sherlock said,"just arrest and discredit him. Make him where he would not be able to have a life in front of cameras or gain any good publicity. For show,or for trade knowledge"
"Do any of your staff know a thing about watching a sleeping infant?" Sherlock said in a quiet,but rushed tone.
Edwardo was given lifetimes in prison, and was never seen out of it again.
DNA was found among much of the grinding,and liquidizing for the fertilizer.
You can drive me mad
The kettle started whistling and John went back towards it. He got the tea down, and put one bag in each cup before getting the heated water over them. He then got the milk to finish his.
========================================
Getting dressed (or while he was busy, going through various wear Sherlock had for disguises and long term stake outs he had crammed in the bottom of his wardrobe. Seemed a childish mess at first, until John started picking up on order within the chaos. Having a child of his own DOES make seemingly strange things clearer, especially since he still had to go through times of picking his battles with Rosie) in very durable and mostly waterproof wear was only the start for John.
John started arching into the kiss as Sherlock pulled back a few centimeters and smiled. "I drank enough to only have focus where it was needed for now. You don't need the same. As you said,you need stress relief, and I hope I can make you less sad" he said before he resumed the kissing and his left hand had never stopped working.
Sherlock started to stir and turned around in John's grip before starting his own hold there on the couch.
John dug around the bag, easier said than done when anyone getting near this scene had to have gloves before they even got too close.
Usually he had done what he could to crouch and talk to her face to face on a similar eye level, but they both knew in a hurry,he had to look down.
John had lifted Sherlock's bound arms, and had dove to sit on the floor between them. He held Sherlock's face in place with a palm on his left cheekbone until his gaze was no longer looking down,but locked with John's. John then closed his eyes and tugged Sherlock down for a long kiss that was quick to get heated, which he then backed out of.
"It will go quicker if we work together, I'll get the ropes, and you keep the crank going on your side."
He sat back down and was surprised when Sherlock tried to stand up, but had to stop and only got on his knees before oddly sliding over towards John.
" Well,you have been married before me, and I know it means a lot to you. Even when it was a mess, it's past and we have Rosie now and you've always had me. Whether you or even I have always known it or not. I'm not going anywhere, and if you want a big,crowded celebra" Sherlock started.
John backtracked his cleaning,and got to the new box of detergent. It still had oxygen cleaner,still had baking soda,but then
The suspect's alibi checked out, but the janitor with obsessive compulsive issues and unusually clean shoe laces with stained shoes.....
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This did not go at all like I had planned,but it's very late again,and once I started typing,they just did thier own running. Did not mean for this date to go like this either,but another case of what is planned vs what happens. Still our silver haired soldier boy looks like he should not be in charge of picking his own dates. Still making the same mistakes, still not seeing who actually takes care of him....
Or,The Woman still thought dead in some circles.
"Is it safe to shower now?" John shouted.
He looked sadly into John's eyes and placed his right palm over John's chest.
John was at work, and it had been days without a case! DAYS!...so the same repetitive memories kept going through his mind, haunting him.
The money gathered through venmo, paypal,patreon, bitcoin and others on the donation page the husband had set up to help search for the murderers and help get his business back was to be handled by some of the desk workers at the Met,not them.
tilted back and upwards, looking worn out.
"So,let you lead the dance?" Sherlock smirked.
"You men and your big fusses! No need! We did not know the one we were meeting up with had a brother who looked...well"she said, looking Sherlock up and down,"there are other outlets we can use for our daughter's missing person report. You look even better in person than the pictures we've seen! No worries, getting a missing persons going for you would not be hard with the meeting we have coming up with your brother in a few days! You can come with us calmly,or you,like so many others that now work for us, can try to fight".
I hope I didn't mess this up too badly!
Sherlock inhaled through his nose,slid all the way back down and swallowed John's tip three times.
"We need to get out of here!" John whispered harshly,"this is high level tranquilizer used for horses or cattle.Several IVs and fluid pills could flush this out of your system if we get out fast enough".
"Your still small enough we could get in trouble if you don't wear it" John grumbled, grabbing the car seat in the hand he was not holding hers with and headed towards the stairs.
Memories of what he went through in his 'death' to keep those he cared for safe. Memories of John's short, disasterous marriage soon after he had returned. The anger. Many times feeling like he had to remind others that he was 'not gay'.
"It will be done in a few minutes,but your up early" John said.
I looked up chemical properties of salt and thought of what I've used it for. Not hard to fit the prompt I guess
John shook his head. This was oddly sentimental coming from... Sherlock?
The rain only poured and lightning kept up before it seemed to lessen and the wind slowed down.
================================
Sherlock tried not to give Moriarty the satisfaction of hearing pained noises come from him as the man in scrubs took out his catheter. Last he remembered, he was chasing a suspect found guilty for being given cash to 'arrange' murders via operational procedures to turn into fatal accidents.
"We will just pay with this, if we can," Sherlock said, holding the card by the cabbie's shoulder while John stared at him with a stern look.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
This was something that seemed downright mystic. It wasn't just the same actions he had done often before, but back to the fun of testing, learning,experimenting...he was fully himself, right when he had his mind fully immersed in someone else's needs.
No,not everything needed to be put online.
"It's obvious, your the one of us that has become too human. I've been here, working through the latest cases in a mess, because people never change. I let one of the Irregulars set up the shop below so they can raise money for whatever they might need,and I don't have to wait to get more coffee and tea since you have been gone." Sherlock then leaned back and looked John in the eyes. "It's just a luxury, I can have them move if you want to move back. I'm not the same when you're gone so long, I lose track of what to do!....I don't even care if you made more descendants you'll be tracing down over the decades, I just can't have you gone for so long!"
With the simultaneous gaze, Sherlock was feeling more and more daring, like one that can't afford to look away from the gaze of a predetor. He was feeling shrunk, almost shivery,but even when the kettle started to boil, he felt he could not back down.
" There you have it!" Mycroft said,waving both men towards the stairs." Both of you come with us then,but YOU will be tested" he nudged a finger at Sherlock as he walked by.
A bit of google,and not much time and only a few clues of what to do,so back to rolling the dice
"John! I thought those steps sounded familiar!" Sherlock had looked over as John came in,with case files and paperwork in a mess on the table beside him.
He looked Sherlock up and down. Oh yes, the old black swim shorts that were a little small on John fit Sherlock...too well, but he turned and looked straight forward. Getting distracted got nothing done! Nothing with the case,OR the nightmares...And Sherlock would never understand anyways. But the shorts were nearly a pair of speedo's on him...
"Oh they've been best friends before we got engaged,why are you looking through Matthew's phone?" the wife explained,with a smile that soon turned to a curious look.
He shut his mind away from thinking about the way Sherlock moves, like when he's playing violin.
Well,this is Katanity's suggestion,but there are many ways to it. Many reconnections,a case or two,we can throw in some jealousy...see what happens with the boys
It was morning, and though Sherlock had reached for John's hand, John held it tightly, studying. Sherlock's hand didn't have much grip now, and not much pulse could be felt. Oh yes, the nerves and adrenaline was crashing hard. Sherlock looked at him in a dazed almost sleepy look and went to pull away.
As he stripped down, leaving his clothes neatly by the bathroom door,he stepped into a shower he had set to cold.
Sherlock put a hand over his shoulder, preventing John from getting up. "No need to go, drinking too much will hinder you as well,we both don't want that" he said. "You've had the rest of the wine,and I've just had a good sip of what YOU fixed me!" John shouted in frustration..
Sherlock went up to 'deaf man's in armored costume and looked at his arms. Made to be puffy,like the legs had been, and the footsteps. The weight was very centered, and the toes of the feet barely sank in the step.
Oh crap. This time it had fresh scent as well.
After hearing steps get off the elevator,come get the bag, and walk back, Sherlock got a hot shower.
He pulled him closer by his belt loops while John let his wooden sword fall through his fingers.
Sherlock lifted two of the rods up enough to lift the trashcan,but not enough for the third rod to fall out of place.
"I would like that very much" Sherlock said, blushing slightly before rubbing his hands on his face and getting back to his normal,blanked look.
He wanted to solidify John being by his side in his life. Not just a flatmate,not just as someone to work with, Rosie made things close,but John had made it clear to many. He wasn't gay,they were not a couple,kept dating boring women, kept getting angry with little frustrations that would build up throughout the day. Playing with Rosie helped a little. Cases got frustrating,but by the end,he would be much calmer. They would get home, he would make a dinner or order take out for both of them. Then he would put Rosie to bed,and use the downstairs shower to 'clean up'.
Sherlock got out of the doorway and closed the door behind him looking down. He could soon be heard throwing himself on the bed.
Even start out quite domestic
They were taken back home,where Gerald was on the couch rocking a sleeping Rosie wrapped in a blanket.
John smiled, remembering the warmth from the fireplace always rose up on cold nights.
When John came downstairs shortly afterwards with still wet hair and clean, proper slacks, a button up shirt (more stylish than his collection of sweaters!) and a green cloth folded and easily seen in the small front pocket of the shirt.
"No!... you're just looking at it out of context" Matthew said as he smiled at his wife.
He then made use of the bathroom and looked through everything dry by the now much cooler oven.
"Mage magic? Well....I just follow what I read myself! No one taught me a thing!" Anderson said,proudly.
"You have a ride here sent from a Mycroft Holmes to the local police station, he said to bring someone by the name of Sherlock with you"she said
After going to court for attempted bribery,she verified that she finally got the funds to have a child and give it a life better than hers had been. She was going after conventions to get pregnant by a smart guy,but could not even keep up with talking to them much. A smart baby would grow up to find ways to keep her in her wealthy habits,or even make them better. A smart baby would keep out of the poverty she almost didn't escape. She didn't need a man to do it for her since none she found would.
John thought to years back. Then, he knew and missed that he would never find a mind as quick,to the point as Sherlock. Never as frustratingly correct about all the wrong details at all the wrong times.
He turned the water off. He must be exhausted if his head is going back to where there was no chance of being wanted there.
"So you choose NOW to not follow basic orders when I just made and brought us TEA!" John said,as he stepped in front of the table. He looked at Sherlock with a straighter back and a stern look, before it was followed with an almost grin and a gleam in his eyes .
John scrunched his face,but if he stayed quiet maybe he wouldn't give anything unnecessary away.
John held his hands by his head and parted his legs, "We are not trying to cause any trouble and are willing to co-operate," he said calmly glaring at Sherlock.
"I work late,come home, and you couldn't find someone who is actually a professional in this to help you fight 'safely' to expose a wrestler worldwide who has crippled his wife?" John had to ask, to try and make sense of any of it.
"A few micro drives should have everything, and have you forgotten about the emerald jewellery?" Sherlock replied. He hated repeating himself.
John shook his head as Sherlock grabbed one of the bags from him and ran outside, soon to be followed by John. No time to be distracted by thoughts that should not slip out of, or even BE in John's head at this time!
"You said you solved these kinds of cases for years before I showed up?" John asked, looking at Sherlock and trying to be non threatening.
John was soon lifted up and set carefully down,laying back in front of the fireplace. His eyes were glazed, and he wimpered as Sherlock slowly lifted his mouth off of his cock,toungue swirling the whole time.
"Cooking?" John asked.
Sherlock could tell John was withholding information,but when pestered he simply told Sherlock not to worry. He was welcomed to stay or leave whenever he wants,once the paperwork is done.
"I'll just warm up mine then,it won't be used for direct drinking anyways. Don't glare at me like that, I know where you keep the crop..." John said, marching in the kitchen, taking a long drink from his cup before grabbing the rest of the kettle. He quietly got a piece of ice from the freezer to put in his cup before taking the same sounding steps back carrying one in each hand.
Next morning, Lestrade was at thier door with breakfast to go for all of them. They tried to look through underground abandoned tube stations, but even through an area that seemed oddly familiar to Sherlock, nothing was there to be found except for a spot of red under a pile of sand, and what looked like the remnants of gauze. Or,what was left of it, still attached to some white tape.
"No,you don't"John said, and pushed him back in a sitting position."I'll be working on your back, and I need you flat for that"
"I don't think that's necessary if they will dry on thier own. We have a stake out within a convention to get to and try to blend in. Let's see how we're getting there and get started" Sherlock jerked away, almost too quickly before adjusting and standing up.
John gave Sherlock a smile and a challenging glare. "As long as you don't want me to change any of it, and as long as you know better than to insult the one serving you tea. You HAVE poisoned me once long ago, so it would only fit".
John walked out of the shower, toweling himself off. The doctor mindlessly walked into his room, wrapping a clean, dry towel around his lower half. He stood in front of the desk, looking down at it. The last time John had been here, he'd kept his gun in the right drawer, underneath his laptop. He mechanically opened the drawer, looking for the item he knew wouldn't be there. It was empty as expected, no gun, no weapons, nothing. John had come here with no plan and nothing to carry him over to the next day. Hell, John was even running low on money- wondering if he could pay for the suit itself. Still, it was the very, very last thing that was on his mind. John needed his gun. He needed clothes, something, anything.
He had lost John.
I wrote this little continuation of my oneshot for greysnowflake1212. Thank you for requesting it! I didn't really know howww to end it, so if it falls a bit flat, i'm so sorry.
The doctor held his breath, a sudden pain in his chest making it impossible to breathe.
Sherlock hurried to close John’s bullet wound. It would be an ugly scar without any doubt, but he wasn't worrying over that right now. He just needed to close the injury before John would bleed out. "I can't lose you, I can't... John!" He felt life leaving his love, as well as his oxygen. His mouth pressed against John's in the least romantic way, and he shared his breath, tears rolling down his cheeks and falling all over John's.
"I'll stay the night at Sarah's if you want-," John thought to himself, his eyes lighting up excitedly for a minute. "She's gotten married, hasn't she? That bloke- her fianceé, nice couple. We should visit soon." And as soon as the words slipped out, John frowned to himself. There was no
The sight of the mug on the kitchen sink ended up burning what was left of joy inside him. His mug.
Mycroft knew. And so did Sherlock. It had been the first time that John had broken down in front of his addict, tears running over the backside of his fingers and his mouth being clamped shut to prevent sobs. They'd just been texts. But it had been cheating, anyway. John sat back heavily on his bed. He hadn't full out fucked her. He hadn't allowed her to touch him. And he sure as hell didn't shag her as soon as Mary had left the flat- which was exactly what Sherlock had done to John. John Watson had made a mistake in the past, his loyal streak being broken over by silly little Eurus. John sighed, falling back on the bed, not having any energy left to sit up.
It joined him, dragging its tail across Sherlock’s trembling body as its large figure circled him, reading him.
Sherlock was growing worried as he didn't get any answer to his texts. Slowly, he walked toward Baker Street. There was no point in pacing randomly in London's streets, without any clues about where John was. "Don't do anything stupid. SH" He climbed up the stairs to his flat. Max was dressed, his clothes rumpled from the hurry. He tried to kiss the detective, but Sherlock shook his head. "Thanks for the biscuits. SH" Swallowing thickly, he sat down in his armchair, looking John's. "...You can leave for now." He said softly to Max.
Max glanced down to the bleeding doctor, shivering. He knew what would happen if he disobeyed Moriarty, he had seen enough snipers, spies, assassins, etc being destroyed, crushed, burned alive. He wasn't scared of being killed nor of being in pain, but he was afraid of being sent to Hell.
-x-x-x-x
-x-x-x-x
The biscuits are in the rubbish bin if you need them. JW
again? Sherlock huffed again before standing, ignoring the way his chair fell back. Being dramatic was an art— one that had to be practised even when there was no one around to witness it.
John was bleeding out too quickly. There was no way he would survive if it continued to this pace. "...I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." He whispered, broken, as he grabbed the needle and the vodka. "It's going to hurt. Forgive me…" he said, his voice breaking and cracking with emotions he didn’t bother to hide. As he slid the needle into John's skin, Sherlock found himself unable to breathe any longer.
-x-x-x-x
John sat on the bed, nodding to himself before crawling under the duvet and looking up, glad that he'd turned off the light before he’d gotten in the shower. John looked up at the clear, empty, boring ceiling, afraid to go to sleep, wanting to stay clear of the nightmares. Tonight, memories of the war wouldn't haunt him.
meant a lot to Sherlock, and who was John if he wasn’t purely loyal- even if it got him killed. He forced himself back to his feet, up into a crouch while using his right hand to steady himself, back against wall- uncaring of the grime that was swept into the wide wounds.
The detective didn't know if the worst was that John had noticed it was Max's, or that he had removed the last marks of Max's existence. It probably wasn’t the man’s real name.
Sherlock understood what John was implying. Max was still here, between them. And he would always be, because there would always be a sock of a habit Sherlock would have forgotten to delete. Like the man's number, that the detective hadn't erased yet. "John." He said softly, carefully, to show he was sincere. "I don't want you to leave." He felt panicked, thinking about the doctor away from him again. "And.. I'll clean the flat up. I hadn’t had the time to do it yet. But I will. I'll put everything in boxes." He preferred a very alive John over a dead Max. But he couldn't bring himself to get rid of his stuff. Only tidying it up in a corner, to take dust. But at least, there would be something left from the man. He noticed the difficulties John had to drink. The doctor had lost weight, but Sherlock hadn't imagined... hadn’t imagined that it would be a problem to such an extent. "It's your home. It will always be. Please, John.”
Do you guys ever forget that armadillos exist?
But what if it wasn't.
-x-x-x-x
It wasn’t even raining outside. The doctor looked closer, using his right, useable arm to nudge his unbuttoned shirt out of the way.
Oh, there was that threat of Sherlock turning into a serial killer as well, but to be fair, hadn't that always been there?
The criminal glanced to the doctor then toward Sherlock. Silently.
(See the end of the chapter for
But then again, Mycroft was a Holmes. The Holmes men were a force that John wouldn't wish on his worst enemy, much less his best mate.
The point was that- even though he was thought to be an idiot and very much not clever by the detective- John had never missed little bits of information. He'd noticed the barefootedness of his ex-boyfriend. And if Max was any sort of human at all, he would rush to Sherlock's side in rescue.
Camile has inspired me to pursue my own art. So here, I present to you, a spider.
Max had, indeed, made his way to the detective with a pair of shoes. But what he found on the ground wasn't pretty to look at. It was more a corpse than anything. What was once a brilliant detective looked just like any divorced man, his head in his hands and regretting every mistake he had ever mad.
to all of you who are still reading this craziness of an rp: thank you. here's a flower and some chocolate to get you through this chapter.🌷🍫
(See the end of the chapter for
-x-x-x-x
Minutes passed and eventually, the wolf moved closer, circling the fallen man a few times while he watched it with half-lidded, cast away eyes. No need to give it any look that it might consider a challenge. John continued to watch his breath whitening in the cold air, now too afraid to even make his eyes follow the creature as it slowly approached him. The doctor flinched as he felt the first brush of soft, barely-curly hair, his muscles more than ready to run-- but before he could, it nuzzled the side of the doctor, forcing him onto his back before it placed a large, steady paw on John to keep him there. Instinctively, John whispered a small, "Brilliant," into the air, watching the animal as it cocked its head, its intelligent eyes lighting up in a... familiar? way. Before John could think too much of it, the creature placed one leg on the other side of the doctor before its back leg joined it, successfully creating a cage of animal limbs, making it impossible for John to escape. This fact was only further heightened when it moved down, its lithe body covering the man-- who had a sudden fear of being crushed by the thing. Still, it supported its own weight, nuzzling into John's neck before letting out a content sigh-like thing, though the erratic heartbeat of the man didn't slow.
-x-x-x-x
-x-x-x-x
John fell.
A hissing noise came from Max's agony, but Sherlock didn't hear. He would always hear John’s heart. John’s life.
Mycroft Holmes. John closed the door without a word, deciding that moist pants and trousers were better than no pants and trousers. He pulled on the vest as well, not wanting the British Government to see his mangled shoulder. John didn't have the energy for another piteous look. He opened the door agin, but didn't allow the man invitation to enter in. "Mycroft." The other man smiled dryly and pushed his way in anyway, "Hello, John." He pulled out a box from his pocket, handing it to John. "The sim card's been miraculously saved, Doctor. I'd recommend not to throw it in a river again- not sure it will stand." John took it, staring down with hate at it before chucking it onto the bed.
What's your favourite day of the week, dear reader? I'll update the chapters, then.
Written with Camille--who is the most brilliant contradiction i've ever met.
(See the end of the chapter for
"A...Alive." Max hissed, unlocking the door, half collapsing against the bars. "T-There. Go." Sherlock couldn't leave his lover alone. He slid his arm around his shoulders, and half carrying him, hurrying toward the room that he’d been taken originally- John still was.
(See the end of the chapter for
this last year was just an illusion.
I think.
Dog tags.They were dog tags. Sherlock let out a harsh breath, trying to make sense of anything, though fear was still clouding him, making it nearly impossible. He slowly reached up, flinching as the thing growled, freezing as it continued before continuing his actions as it stopped. He read the words and numbers on the metal, his mind fighting and racing against the thick emotions that surrounded him as it attempted to register the information.
He could grieve and move on after Max, even if it was going to be horribly painful. But not for John. For John, he'd actually go mad with pain, and he would possibly go through with his “faux” threat to kill. Including himself.
-x-x-x-x
He came back with a bottle of vodka, threads, and needle. He held everything, looking to both men he loved more than himself, and understanding he couldn't live without John nor live with the guilt of Max's death.
Delete my number. And consider yours already deleted. JW
Sherlock felt asleep eventually. He couldn't know when nor how it happened, but the exhaustion won and his body relaxed as it reminded the endless happiness he had shared with John. Vaguely, he felt he was moving, but the sleep, as a heavy pressure kept him limp. Without knowing why, he had the instincts that his dreams were easier than the reality to live.
In the end, it had turned out to be another Holmes. John considered naming a curse after them. The Holmes' Curse. Follows anywhere and makes your life hell.
Sherlock didn't wake up, but he felt something wet and hot on his face. Tears. He had been crying from happiness.
John slept restlessly, despite the drugs that were running through him. He shifted, head moving from time to side and limbs slowly and resistantly flailing. Moriarty, Sherlock, Max. He felt the sheen of sweat forming over his forehead as he moaned silently, eyes scrunched together. Mistake. Sleeping was a mistake. John had nightmares combined with the war, Moriarty grinning, leaning over him as their bodies pressed together unwillingly, John’s wounded back pressing into the desert sand as a line of men waited to take the soldier’s arse . He the groans were louder, now, the smallest of tears running behind his eyes. He was trapped in his head once more, and it felt as if he wasn’t ever getting out again.
John tearfully ran his fingers through dark curls. They were definitely tangled,but he had missed this too.
"Our clothes have been brought back to us, after I had the hotel clean them" Sherlock said, sitting his cup on a counter and picking up the bag before sitting himself in the chair.
"Your not second best" Sherlock said, placing a hand on John's head. "I don't know why you keep chasing dates that would bore anyone. I've seen it many times myself, some think they love me, want to see me, love what you write of me,but somehow it doesn't take much for me to get them to run." He backed up, held John's head in his hand,and looked him in the eyes.
on top of a folded towel.
They had stopped looking outside and held onto their bag straps looking, then smiling at each other.
"Run down? Not too much, I'm just not used to going after criminals that are that small and this limber. We should keep an eye on her in case she decides to become one,she could give them a run for thier money" Sherlock said with a smile.
He should know she was a big girl, and not happy staying in a seat while Dada and Poplock were running around.
John sighed,"I guess you're right. We do have cases and we do have Rosie. I don't have to lose anything while operating on anyone or showing the wrong people what could be stolen.... because we're doing a good enough job on our own." John sighed and leaned his head back "I was just hoping the meaning behind it wouldn't be so easy to lose. Especially because hardly anyone knows."
John was doing another night shift again, to prepare to be off for his anniversary.
Sherlock had his small, lined bag that was already beginning to bulge as he zipped it closed, looking at John up the stairs.
"Not odd so much" Sherlock put his cup down and stepped closer to John,placing his hands on John's hips." Fights come when people keep being so stupid when they should know better. I have this salt that,as typical,raises the boiling point for a few around him. Times past when other moods have been risen out of me. Recently I thought such a thing was completely under my control. Yet you know how to bring me under with a touch of your control" Sherlock said with a sigh.
"I'm sorry John" Sherlock said in a slurred voice.
"I don't know, I was asleep with Rosie upstairs and felt like coming down to see to my laptop. I have a spreadsheet for when I can get back to work...I don't need to look back to the blogs, you are right here!" John hugged Sherlock and started to talk quietly. "It's been after the weekend and you don't...I don't care! We can go explain things to Lestrade later and...I almost don't care if I am dreaming" John said as he buried his head in Sherlock's chest.
He had found a maintenance hole in a janitor closet on the first floor of an old, condemned office building (with a caved in roof)following the map.
John had long put the furniture back where it belonged, and had changed out of the right,skimpy costume and washed the oily,sweatproof make up off.
John eventually,as time and fighting,both physical and mental,kept going,shot the home made explosive. That was enough to blow up the room, and anything built on the ground above.
Going back to,and up in the elevator,he went to the room that had been 'arranged' for Sherlock and John. He walked up to it, and was about to knock when he heard grunting in a familiar pitch. He then started to grin and got the hotel master card from his front pocket.
The right person was found and detained. When the M.E.T arrived, the leader of the underground group and associate looking to trade were detained by John, who kept them cornered by turning the laser on his gun, but soon had fallen out of a corner of the ceiling. They were kept in place by the glare in his eyes and march over, gun still aimed at them. John talked through his earpiece and had called the police. There wasn't much of a chase to get the main ones in the human trade off cuffed and questioned.
With Sherlock rubbing along his arms,John took a few breaths and tried to keep quiet enough to not risk waking Rosie. Tears however, were still falling down his face.
"You know we have Rosie staying out of London with my parents until this mess clears. It is known and celebrated worldwide, but mostly used as a reason to get drunk and have excuses for bad choices. You don't need anymore bad choices,or the sadness they bring you." Sherlock said slowly.
"It's about time to go now" Sherlock said, getting up and getting out of the tub.
He did what any soldier did, and rolled in the trenches, away from danger for now. Another shot heard, then things quieted down.
He heard John's voice nearby.
"I think that's the point" Donavon said with a scrunched face."Be happy you can't smell right now. I think they called the freak in on this,so he can feel free to take credit,look closely, whatever to take care of this mess".
To hell with it, John knew the sound and vibrations would bring the nightmares back, whether it came from the floor or the wall. Sherlock, much as he argued it, needed to sleep somehow.
Soon, John was stirring as the living room was warmed up,and he peeked from the quilt.
Looking up definitions of heels, I shared some of what I found. Since no one else has used what I've found, I'm going to....
John was covered in chunks of concrete, boarding from whatever was above. As he moved,a cracked floor tile slid past him.
He had been asleep much longer than he  usually rested, and though Sherlock might be wearing the silk undergarments and clothes inside out until the bruising and marks healed,but it would be nothing that would stick out to anyone.
Soon the door buzzed, and they stood on either side of the door watching the cart of food and glasses of juice be wheeled in as John held the door open.
Soon,as if on cue, Sherlock was seen holding the tape up for John. They both came closer to the scene, and Anderson and Donavon were only too content to step back as Sherlock and John went to the scene and seemed unfazed.
Sherlock thought quickly over what he had observed. John was back from work, and had plans to head out. Not unusual with much of Baker Street having been decked out in green,foil decorations for days, but he didn't ask or encourage Sherlock to try to get out with him.
Sherlock did not like getting into a cot and into an ambulance. He could barely hear,but the siren's and car sounds on the streets HURT.
"Well,thank you,but there was-" John started
"Hello John,how did I get here?" Sherlock smiled, and was happy to feel more solid.
"What is a landing for drones doing HERE?" John asked
I also cannot sleep without coffee. Started drinking when I was 3-4, and it calmed me or put me to sleep. Things like ADD, Asperger's, different mood disorders or different reactions to caffeine can make people act,or react very different to coffee,energy drinks,medicines...the frustrating fact everywhere that those least qualified seem to have the most kids...
Sherlock rolled his eyes,but that did help verify a few things for him. Fortunately,he pays very good attention to detail, and was taking notes in layers during his last feeding.
"You’re in the right direction, but we must look further. If something is taken from or delivered here, what would be hidden here, and what might be better locked up in the housing area further up?" Sherlock said as he looked closely among all of the lights that reflected as lightning flashed.
Sherlock was already in his chair, staring ahead and thumping his foot. He did not change his gaze as he accepted his cup.
The building was surrounded, and no one was left to leave until everyone was checked by what was recorded in Sherlock's phone, and in the microphone recordings in Sherlock and John's ear sets. Many were found, and while a map or list of the missing were not found, there was a lot of talking and deals made while Sherlock was sweeping up a mess near the discussion during the meeting.
"Please come in, I was expecting you. Now just head up those steps" Sherlock said,as he closed the door behind Gary.
It wasn't until they were dropped off at 221B and inside before Sherlock started talking, and only then not until their ride was going down the street.
"I don't have anything to do with his work, and would like it if he would quit trying to get his fingers all over mine. What are you really here for?" Sherlock said, frustrated and standing up.
The cups were on a tray he carried and set on the dining room table. He gave Sherlock his cup,then grabbed his own and while slowly sitting in his chair.
She had woke up earlier than her parent's, and wanted to see if she could do something before they woke up. They would be so surprised and didn't think she could do it, but she did
Walking in the apartment,John closed and locked the door behind him before he went upstairs. Again,to close and lock the door before shedding shoes,coat, and going to the kitchen to start tea.
He looked over at Sherlock's now curling,but still peaceful looking form as John cleaned a splatter mess with a washcloth and a bit of peroxide.
" You want to risk it this close to a crime scene? What if someone sees us?" John said, worried.
Sherlock stirred lightly and rose to a sitting position, watching as John settled down and resumed a light snore.
"So it's finished, and you are going to eat now before I leave for work, Rosie gets here, and for all we know, you'll get a case you need energy for" John said, shrugging his shoulders as he set thier plates down in the dining room.
He then heard rustling between two nearby buildings. Those two always seem to have trouble close behind. Why did Lestrade tell them to leave them here on this side of London? Now no telling what's here to get anyone! He didn't want to be the next case,but if either one of those two were killed, he would be left with the hard cases no one could make sense of!
Yes, details like hearing the verbal sparring and insults to others, watching him go in disguises and walking with ever changing poses and mannerisms (but still being very much Sherlock if you knew what to look for), and other details were nice,but they were only details of a whole Sherlock.(That wasn't entirely gone so much...)
Here's something I found randomly a while ago
"When we get home,your getting a shower,soap, and a scrub down as soon as you walk in"John said.
"No!" John interrupted,"this is us,and crowded social events are not you. I don't want to drag you down or slow you down to stay with me"
"The coffee just finished over there,and I'll start on the eggs. Think I'll make omelettes with what's leftover,and if Rosie hasn't eaten when she gets dropped off, there's oatmeal to fix for her."
John had Sherlock shirtless and both were very winded
The diagnosis given was barotrauma. John was given plenty of wash to use on a daily basis, and told to come back if the swelling gets too far,or there are other issues with healing. John knew it would be a few weeks at the least before everything healed itself back up.
Myconos! He put one hand over the other, and pushed with his fingers. Yes, he started out tense,but like lots of little hidden out of the way places,he was able to unwind knots that wouldn't be seen or noticed without further pressure work. They were not treasures themselves by any means,but so much felt more balanced once they were gone.
"We must have moved out of them while we slept" Sherlock said," we can check the mattress at another time, but that doesn't worry me right now. Three women John! Very different backgrounds, different families, but all exactly the same age...."
Sherlock refilled his coffee,got the sugars and walked over, pulled a chair out, and sat down carefully and stretched before John handed him a fork and they had breakfast.
John admired the pilots ability to keep the helicopter steady when the wind was built up to nearly a scream. As they climbed down the rope with the bags, John saw the glint of reflection in the windows as they came closer to a spread out mansion of a building they were descending in front of.
"You're not near as boring as I had feared"Moriarty said in a hiss,"not as mindless as most, and you can be a bit fierce when you let yourself" he ended, with a small grin.
"See who might work a job or for a company they are very overqualified for. That's a start,see if there are any forges or other means to an art,used by someone not known for it at all." Sherlock said before adding," they must be from a large, open area near,but not in London"
"When the lab results get back to you, you'll see it is an old suicide. Wrapped up in the delusion of drama and celebrity fame. Check the finances to see who all was paid off in this charade" Sherlock explained.
It was a case,many centuries ago, where Moriarty found an ancient artifact,found help with getting it translated,then used what he had found to get a small,stone box to open itself.
"Think nothing of it, a man with those resources has a solid credit insurance on it,so any workers will be reimbursed in cash credit. Any hardware proof he likely keeps somewhere close to him,to "find" or add to anything since created to pay for the next business venture. Of course this will be done long after making a show of revenge.Pretty simple really"
There were too many wrecks and injuries, and it was decided he would stay several days and nights. There were no accidents with buses,which was reassuring,but several staff knew about where John lived.
He took the buses home, and loudly mumbled about his frustrating date while Sherlock listened. Still looking at different slides in the microscope.
"Oh,these are fancy and made from microtia. Hold still and keep sitting on your heels. This isn't any different than the prosthetics we have to get and fit some children with as they grow." John said, trying to get Sherlock's ears set right.
Going down a forever set of stairs, he got to what seemed like a floor,(although with subway tunnels and underground trains around him,he wouldn't bet his money on it) he started looking around, seeing where a door might be on what looked like a wall.
"No need,it was free of charge for several reasons. We have this room for a few more hours,and I would like to at least wait out the ones staying here for the government meeting and anyone working to snoop for Mycroft to have left. The pamphlet there " Sherlock said, pointing to the hotel advert on the table by the bed "shows what breakfast we can call and have delivered here,so no one can get back to Mycroft with gossip. I may have them bring more coffee samples to use. Didn't know when you would be up,so I left one for you to make. Please John"Sherlock said, putting the bag of clothes on the bed by John "I know you want get dressed before we call anyone over"
As they were. He sighed as Sherlock rubbed his eyes,walking out of his room.
After locking the door, John turned to see a cab pulling up their driveway.
I'm busy with several things, but I'll see if I can't get pics posted later
Sherlock smiled,then moved in his seat again." I already have an idea what's going on with the couple, but they won't want to hear it. We're actually early, but I want to stretch out some before sitting with a couple we're about to disappoint." Then with a fidget,he sighed."I want to go back home and get out of these clothes and back to the sheet. Did you wash many of my clothes last night?".
I hope this did not come out as a disaster as well. I'm having fun with leaving some things hanging when I can, because I know many minds will fill gaps themselves. And making a group as large as this on AO3 is impossible,so at least maybe this can be a fun disaster?
He dug out a wooden spoon and stirred the mix, adding in bits of different spices before cutting the end of a stick of butter and letting it fall in to melt in the mix.
Sherlock had long made sure all of the toys were in the playpen,and part of the experimental fun he showed Rosie earlier (vinegar and baking soda. Made lots of bubbles, but also helped clean out one of the sinks with a mix that could be made to have a neutral coating)
"Yes,it is. I want you relaxed and at least taken away away from this. Now,take your shirt off and get down. No arguing"
Sherlock slapped on another nicotine patch as Rosie slept in her room upstairs.
"*Gasping* I can't....no... didn't know..." John tried to say.
They were there however, investigating royal scandals that had suddenly appeared and was hinted at in different news channels.
With a bit of coffee in his system, Sherlock was acting more himself. He smiled and looked into John's eyes.
The torch shone on a square that flickered back. Things looked confusing between odd, random gaps that trickled light into the cave and the flickering reflection on different small streams and waterfalls. But the symmetry stuck out right away, and getting a closer look only made both curious.
John set his cup on the counter and grabbed the collar of Sherlock's housecoat and pulled him into the kiss.
If someone had told him years ago he would be married to, and solving cases with,a sexy man he could not stop thinking about (and blogs about!) he would have laughed, unbelieving.
He them rubbed his face hard, until he was left with his usual blank and unreadable look, and walked Mrs. Hudson back to the stairs and closed the door.
They co parented well, even though they went about such differently.
"I should get that before she wakes up" John said, getting up and keeping the gaze until he sharply turned and dashed for the kitchen,not looking downwards.
"Hello is this Mr. Watson in room 441?" a ladies voice asked.
Usually Sherlock did not bother with the steps taken to be mannerly according to others, but his hair did make a crispy noise and a layer of dried sweat over his skin did bring a light itch.
Sherlock wasn't the best at such,but he understood how the heavy sounds of...now it was hail? Hitting the roof,thick windows and along the walls of the building could bring on bad thoughts and dreams from someone very unfamiliar with it all.
" I don't even mind spelling things out for you, because you do learn, remember,and notice more than most. Now observe"
He smiled and walked the boy over to the phsych evaluation team, holding his hand.
He opened the door and tried to give a smile as they walked in, giving him an odd look.
"I don't think it's a good idea to drink much before I get to the bar. I appreciate the sandwich,as bar food will not be cheap the day before St. Patrick's, but this drink is a bit of a heavy start to a bar hop" John said before taking another bite.
The lucha libre competition went on, filmed in the giant, underground done near the trains. The "hero' of the match was arrested, and latee found to have several wives and a husband in different countries,along with finances from international illegal trades.
Have also been writing this while helping someone who ate something that had one of his allergies mixed in it. Food allergies are not fun, and it's not something that can just be slept off.(even though he is exhausted. Puking all night will do that to anyone)
