interesting.  Which floor are they on?  Should be quicker than tracking him through London.”
.  Sherlock sent an affronted look.
“But it was here,” John said, swinging towards Sherlock.  “You know it was, I sent a photo.”  This defence was not only for Sherlock’s sake but also to prove to himself that he wasn’t losing it.
“I need to go back to the club
“How do you know this is the correct arm?” the Fallen asked as he placed it onto the lab table.
“You’re dismissing the idea that I’m a Beta?” Sherlock scowled up at her.
“Are you sure?” Lestrade asked cautiously.
“You have time for a quick word?” Lestrade said, pointing towards his office.
“So long as you’re happy John, that’s all that we care about.  Ah, here he is, I’ll just pass you over.”
Now just to plant a seed of self-doubt.  John felt his palms sweating as he concentrated, felt the magic shake as it kept a tenuous hold.
get someone to help with you with transporting them to the station, they’re not worth getting injured over.”
“Hello Healer Watson.”  Or not.  The voice, a perfect example of Received Pronunciation English, was male, perfunctory and chillingly cold.
“Shut up.  Your advice is rubbish, I’m thanking you for confirming that you’re a sappy idiot.”
“For me, it feels like I’ve been here about two months? Ish?” John seemed surprisingly fine with this information. “So I’ve had a lot of time to think, about a lot of stuff.  To think about what I was missing.  So I thought about us.  How, before I met you, I was just bored with
He glared out the window, refusing to meet Molly’s increasingly pitying gaze.
“You gave this to me.  If anyone’s a suspect it’s you.”
So, because actions always spoke louder than words, John stood up, stepped forward, and kissed him lightly on the lips.  He kissed him slow and soft and slightly scared.  Sherlock froze up and John thought of backing off and apologising but then Sherlock was leaning into him and they were kissing and John couldn’t help but smile.  He brought his hands up to cradle Sherlock’s face as he felt Sherlock’s hands land on his waist.  He backed away slightly, just enough to say “That answers that question don’t you think?”
“That was your original excuse of course.  But answer me this, why would you choose to trust a 19 year old you’ve never met to investigate this when all instincts should be telling you to talk to the police?”  Jake floundered, looking like he was about to bolt from the table.  “Answer, you have something to hide which would be as incriminating to you as it would be to your attackers and so, to hopefully distract your friends from worrying, you agree to let their inspiring detective friend to have a look round while simultaneously knowing they wouldn’t find anything.  But I’m not what you were expecting and if you carry on, your friends and family will be the next targets and that certainly will get the police’s attention.  So let me ask you again, who is trying to threaten you?”  Sherlock finished his monologue with more emphasis, as if the power of his voice could physically force the words into the others thick skull.  Jake had visibly paled with dawning comprehension of just how screwed over he was.  Victor and Oli looked shocked.
Sherlock frowned.  Party’s weren’t exactly his thing, too loud, too many people, too much input, but this was Victor and Victor had said he was a friend and friends go to parties their friends invite them too,
Lestrade knew that John was not big on trust as a general rule and he had assumed anyone trying to get close to him would simply have to stick it out and break down the walls one by one, slowly but surely.  Then Sherlock swept in like a hurricane and now here they were, snuggled up, despite John’s protests that nothing had happened between them.  He still didn’t know what to make of the Fallen himself.  Brilliant, like John said, yes.  But there was a dangerous edge too, that John seemed to be running towards, one which Lestrade didn’t know if he could pull him back from.
Lestrade cut in.  “So, you think another Fallen’s within the Council’s limits,” he said cautiously.
“It’s fine.  I can still work,” John said tersely.  He wasn’t incapable just because his shoulder seized up sometimes.  All they were doing was staring out a bloody window.  The shared body heat in the car would help.  Hopefully.
“Yes really.  For a quite a while actually.  Now are you going to invite me in?”
“Ow!  I only answered your question,” John grumbled into his takeaway coffee.
“John said you were picky about taking things from crime scenes.”
Sherlock knew he wasn’t going to last long with the dual sensations scattering coherent thought and spiking his arousal even higher.  His hips shifted and rolled and there was the tightening of his stomach and breath was growing erratic and-
“I can tell you’re trying to avoid my sceptical look.  Acknowledge it.” John stared until Sherlock glanced at him.
“John.”  He jumped as Sherlock appeared at his shoulder, dropping from the air.  A phone was shoved in his face.  “John,
“Quiet John.”
Well obviously, Sherlock thought.  He then struggled to think of a reply.  Although not used to receiving compliments himself, he was always grateful to hear praise for his hound (especially when they were entirely truthful).  He really was an excellent dog and to know people recognised that was somehow important to him for reasons he didn’t want to question.
Sherlock thought that it wouldn’t be the worst thing that had happened that day, but wisely chose to keep it to himself.
“No, just outside.  Why would he?” she asked.
“Look, we both know who actually does the work around here and it’s neither of us.”
“So, photography,” Sherlock prompted.
“Sherlock?” Victor said, just as Sherlock said in the same confused tone, “Victor?”
“To wake you up,” John explained.
“Tea.”  It was less of a question and more a statement but he nodded anyway as Sherlock swung into the kitchen.  He went and settled in the other chair, red, squishy, and a bit ragged, and sighed, for the first time in a long time in contentment.
The Fallen,
“Hey, I could know cool people. I don’t but I could!” John replied and Sherlock laughed.  However he couldn’t drag out signing things for much longer (didn’t this usually take approximately 19 hours?) and reluctantly handed everything over to the receptionist.  He turned to John as John turned towards him.  There was a pause and Sherlock couldn’t help but hear Molly’s voice yell at him “To say something you idiot, just say something while he still thinks you’re cool and interesting!!”  He wasn’t quite sure what he was going to say but that didn’t stop him from trying to start a sentence.  However John had also tried to speak at the same time.  They both laughed nervously and looked away, John at his shoes and Sherlock at the poster on the wall.
And just like that, John found himself irrationally angry.  Because yeah, he might not be what Sherlock wanted, he may not be a stupidly well-toned ballet-dancing supermodel type or
“You’ve just missed them dear.”
John had turned, said a perfunctory “Hello, nice to meet you,” and turned to Sherlock to ask “What do you mean
“Not guessing if it’s based on past precedent.  They’re idiots.”
He thought about the experiment he wanted to run and got as far as dragging out the materials but found it didn’t have the same hold on him as he was hoping.  However, it was either this or stare at various spots around the flat with growing intensity, so he got on with it anyway.
“Maybe you should stick to using your Powers for the greater good than being nosy then.”
“Yeah, fine,” John said, leaning back on the desk, just to the right of Sherlock.  “So you were undercover huh?”  Sherlock started to panic.  Hadn’t dodged the bullet then.  Would John think he was a liar?  Admittedly he was a
realising.  Then, out of shock he added, “Really?”
When he went to work the next day, he expected questions from Lestrade, yet no grey-hair appeared in his vision.  Apparently there was a lead on a case or paperwork or something capturing his attention.  Whatever.  John didn’t care.
“Hmm?” he said innocently.
“What would you like?” he asked.
That was all Sherlock’s mind could supply when he rounded the corner to be confronted by the kitchen.  The kitchen which was looking newly cleaned.   The kitchen that was devoid of all experiments and equipment left there only hours before.
“Behind all this, yes,” he said wearily.
Mike looked over his glasses again.
“What a conversation I must be missing.”  Sherlock and John both jumped.  Lestrade had retrieved the car and was leaning out the driver window, grinning.  “Good to know you’ve both been keeping watch.  Now get in, and stop talking about wildlife.”
“John,” Sherlock whined involuntarily as he threw the shirt onto the floor and John felt his breath stop for a beat at the sweetness of the sound.  He then pushed Sherlock off him slightly, much to Sherlock’s displeasure and pulled his t-shirt off before crawling back to rest on his pillows.  Sherlock followed him as if they were magnetised together and stretched out over him, realigning their hips, which John took as an opportunity to alternately kiss his lips and his neck and basically any bit of skin he could find.
“No no! Everything’s fine.  Just thought you might need a blank background.  What with you only needing “my face” I believe was the exact job description?” Sherlock teased.
Sherlock blinked.  He had assumed Lestrade was calm and he still appeared relaxed, but perhaps some moral support would not be unwelcome.  However, moral support was never really his area.
There was a knock on the door.  For a split second, both considered ignoring it.  If they were quiet enough, maybe the person would take the hint and leave.  Maybe-
pissed.
Everyone was relieved with this news.
“It rather depends on what he thinks of me.”
"Isn't that your solution to everything?"
He was faintly aware of the eyes levelled at him.  He should probably be making his way out the car now.  Normally he would leap out as soon as the car stopped moving (and on some notable occasions before) but this time, he couldn’t. His body wasn’t co-operating with his mind, his legs were glued to the car floor, his eyes still transfixed on the window.
He tried to focus, tried to answer, but his eyes slid past Lestrade’s shoulder, to the gap.  Guards were already circling the area, taking notes, putting together the paperwork already in their minds.  How could he explain that he wasn’t physically injured, but he was certain his chest had been cleaved open and his insides removed?
, the voice in his head replied snarkily and not for the first time John wished he could turn it off like a radio because
“Look, keep your voice down.  People could hear you,” Jake panicked.
“Are there actually people like this in real life?” John had questioned as Sherlock joined him after slamming the door in Mycroft’s face.  He sat on the floor with his back to the sofa, resting his head on the cushions so he was watching John rather than the film
to wear.
“No.  It’s our job.”
missing, something important and that’s why Jake had run?
“You should.  Your secretary just hospitalised him.” Sherlock was using his “casual” voice.  John hated the “casual” voice.  It always ended badly.
“These two buildings are unoccupied, under construction.  The next street over’s closed for repaving works.  It’s a quiet area of the city and so far, no one’s come forward.  Only reason we knew something was happening was because of an anonymous tip but the trail on that’s pretty cold by this point.”
He also looked hopelessly in love.  Was he really that obvious?  More importantly, did John
*Creeps out of the woodwork* sorry about the delay on this chapter- a busy week followed by an ill week did not a lot of writing make.  Hopefully have C8 up soon to catch up a bit.
Someone bumped into him.  He half-turned and watched someone’s half-apologetic hand wave.
“I’m supposed to be doing work.”  If you asked him, John would have no idea as to why his brain was still making him talk.  He would have very much liked for his brain to stop ruining this for him and to go offline for a bit.
“There’s nothing wrong with it,” John hurried to explain and then stopped, unsure how to proceed.
Sherlock started, and paused, pulling him mind from racing ahead to concentrate on John.  Eventually he replied “Must have cleaned it.  No tracks.”
So far this was turning out to be a naive assumption.
“I don’t believe it,” Sally stated as they twisted to watch the odd pair enter the shop.
Every moment spent in their sketching sessions was spent trying to not think about the back of the sketchbook, thinking about it, getting annoyed at himself for thinking about it, and beginning the cycle all over again.  It was so pedestrian.
him.  As if to emphasis Sherlock chose that moment to whisper in his ear. "I think you should take me to bed John."
Lestrade began shaking his head.  “Sherlock, you can’t think-”
Mr Holmes had sat very patiently through Sherlock’s speech but the mocking look in his eyes suggested he was listening to a child throwing a tantrum.  His reply, “Oh does it?” an indulgence.
“You knew he was an Omega?” Sally interrupted Lestrade.
“Oh yes,” Sherlock said smugly.
John was
“Why would they care about tracks?  We know they’ve been here.”
John was still a bit lost.  "Oh?" he tried as it sounded like Sherlock stopped.
He hadn't always had powers; he was made, not born.  It had happened in Afghanistan.  The official story was that a mission gone wrong had led to a bullet wound and infection in his left shoulder which he was lucky to have escaped from alive.
Lestrade simply nodded.  Of course that’s what he was meaning.
should be the model?”  He didn’t sound annoyed so John glanced up.  Sherlock was looking at him curiously, his brow furrowed.
“Alright.  Who would you...set up with Sherlock?”  John froze.  He didn’t want to hear the answer but his feet were unwilling to co-operate with his brain.
“So which backer is trying to get to you?”
"Because if this is about last night..." John began, thinking it was the most likely reason for Sherlock acting so...Not-Sherlock.
but some of his favourite moments were not, as everyone always suspected, filled with imminent danger, but the quiet ones, the ones with John absentmindedly running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair while they watched telly or when he would spy John, accidentally asleep in his chair and Sherlock would look at him and feel his heart squeeze (
“Of course we need two,” John immediately replied.
They were close.  They were always close.  Personal space was not really their thing but this was different.  Sherlock had his head tilted down to look at him, and he was there, in the dim glow of the lights, wings blocking out the people behind, an angel even if he didn’t believe it, and the beat of the music was rocking through him, and the heat of the dance floor was burning through him, and he wanted to reach out, to get those fingers back, to interlock them, and to move closer, to tilt his head up, wanted to be closer, and Sherlock’s hand ghosted over his again, and he wanted to touch, wanted to feel, wanted,
"You're paying though."
“Surprised he noticed me leaving.  Seemed to be pretty happy with you from what I saw,” John said, his jaw twitching.
Which is how he stumbled across an open lab door.
“But they can’t have removed everything overnight!  They’re a Council member, not a bloody superhero.”
) or someone would report a sighting.  John tended to ignore them after quickly checking there was nothing tracing back to him but did find it amusing he apparently had at least 16 love-children from 13 different women.
“What’s the use of CCTV when you have an almost unlimited number of guises you can pick up, if only your immoral enough.”
He propped himself under the closest street light, and waited, one eye on the alley to see if anyone disappeared through it.  The image of the cracked pavement from a day before (two days before technically- could it really have been so recent?) was still evocative.  It suddenly hit John that there were very few people he could trust.  He wasn’t one for trust before, but at least it was an
“But he’s-”
“- And you relinquish your powers.”
Lestrade shrugged.  “Well, I’ve had time to think.”
“But I
And in front of him- nothing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  Before he could launch into his “I don’t like repeating myself speech,” John marched over to the offending patch of wall.
221B finally came into view.  Sherlock launched himself out so John paid and walked slowly upstairs.
“Hey, they’re trying their best with no prior training.  You think criminal masterminds are paying £25 a head for cocktail-making sessions?”
After hearing there might be a chance of John being alive, Lestrade had jumped up and pushed past Mallory to the scene, falling back into leadership mode.  Mallory scuttled off to assist, yelling at an idiot putting weight on a flimsy looking balustrade.  Sherlock had to admit he was not entirely insufferable, as far as Guards went.
“But the effort to get here, just to commit a
“I think we should get out of here don’t you?” John said, his voice husky.  Right, yes, restaurant.  Priorities.  Get home.  Get
Sherlock sighed, clearly loath to leave their clue behind.
Sherlock didn’t sound worried though.  “Ugh, not our problem right now.  Hang on, did he offer you money to spy on me?”
“It might never be relevant!”
"I study in London.  St Bart's if you want to ring up and check my credentials," he said smirking.
Now there was a lovely thought.  Not helpful right now though.  Concentrate John.  His head was resting on something soft yet too solid to be a pillow.  Smelt good whatever it was.  Earthy.  He could feel the occasional rumbling noise under his left ear.  Like a tractor.  Was he in a field?
“Dance floor.”
The lift dinged.  The floor was busy and most people looked up at them, throwing a wave or greeting at Lestrade.  Mallory’s desk was near the back.  Whereas the desks surrounding him seemed unoccupied, the angels working at them not visible behind piles of folders and papers, Mallory’s was pin neat, with even stacks of documents and a meticulous filing system.  Sherlock was impressed, to a very minor degree.  Maybe when this was over he would explain about his sock-index.  Mallory may be more receptive than John, who had struggled not the laugh but on seeing the hurt look in Sherlock’s eyes, asked some polite questions and allowed his own to be sorted appropriately.  The memory made something twist inside him.  Best not think of these matters.
“Okay.”
Denying something does not make it true however.  It would appear his second mistake of taking the case had just strolled through the door.
“Morning sleeping beauty,” John said, smiling.  Sherlock made a noise of disgust as he stuck the kettle on.  John had woken with his own banging headache, had promptly taken ibuprofen and was sat quietly drinking tea at the kitchen table in an effort not to aggravate it anymore.  He now shoved the packet of painkillers in Sherlock’s direction and went back to his tea.  Sherlock seemed mesmerized by his mug before blinking rapidly and turning to John.
“You can stop lurking.”
“Something like that yes,” Sherlock agreed, not entirely sure he knew what was going through the canines mind.
People were definitely staring now.  They locked eyes for a moment before Sherlock’s lips twitched and John laughed at how ridiculous they must look.  Sherlock looked away, as if blocking his own huff of a laughter.
Lestrade stared at Sherlock.  All their lives would be made much simpler by him believing Sherlock’s story but he believed his work was about more than taking the simpler option.
stage, and in desperation Lestrade had roped a very reluctant Sally Donavon in to help as well.
) through the door and into a very still living room.  He couldn’t work out why the stillness was important but it was as if something was missing.
.  Sure there were times when he and John were what his 17 year old self would have called disgustingly domestic but recently, yes, he’d been busy and the case and his work had been distracting him.  But he had to put this right somehow.
There had been a fraught conversation in the early days (if you can call two weeks ago “the early days”) about Sherlock’s deductions.  They had set up camp by the windows, John pointing out passers-by and Sherlock revealing small, quirky details, and some long-held secrets about them in the safety of their flat.  Sherlock was complaining most of them were predictable, boring, mundane, which made his deductions predictable, boring, mundane but John was, as ever, enraptured by it.  It was warm and cosy and he knew Sherlock was secretly enjoying himself, his mouth fighting against a smile.  This is perhaps why he made a mistake.  It was an innocent one, as far as mistakes go, but still, a mistake.
is it?”, Raz simply opened his palms in a ‘If that’s what you think’ gesture.  It was the most expressive answer he gave.  Past that point, there were the merest hints at shrugs, eyebrow raises, and the occasional lip quirks.
He glanced over to the wall.  The graffiti was fairly simple as far as graffiti went, just a circle with an upside-down triangle within it, with block letter over it.  However, the sight of it sent a chill down his spine and his military senses kicked in to tell him that this situation was not merely ‘Bad’ but ‘Highly Dangerous and Possibly Outright Malevolent’.
"As you might have guessed, I am so angry at you," John growled and he kept his grip in Sherlock's hair tight, commanding all of his attention with ease. "You- you left. You left
Sherlock seemed to fighting against a sigh, as to do so would derail not just their conversation but their entire relationship.  “To investigate the car.  I-” he struggled against the next words, forcing them out as if evicting them from his body.  “I want you to come,” was the quiet, determined addition.  His gaze had now flickered to his shoes, and John didn’t know if it was this or the hunch of the shoulders, or the expression of innocent confusion which clouded Sherlock’s face, or simply the fact that he was feeling like shit and it was nice to be wanted.
“Yeah, I spotted that. Now shhhh!  I’m
"Are we sure this guy wasn't you?" Sherlock teased.
There were also the everyday things like his preferred cereal, how he liked his tea, not to be offended if he didn’t reply straight away, how to fend off the annoying older brother.
“What are you doing here?”
The man spluttered, “But, he”, he stabbed a finger in Sherlock’s direction, “and in front of”, he pointed in the direction they’d just run from.
Sherlock stood in the kitchen doorway for a few seconds and took a deep breath.  Then he turned and
"Pleasure I'm sure.  Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective," he said, springing up, hand outstretched.
Annoyingly good questions.  “There must be a reason, I’m just not seeing it.”  Not-John made a face.  Sherlock ignored it, shaking his head.  “We need to review the data we have, look at everyone that’s been obliterated, see if there’s a pattern I hadn’t noticed before.”
“Hey, what are you doing?” John yelped, as Sherlock shoved his hand in his pocket. To do so, instead of walking round, Sherlock leant over so his front was solidly on John’s back.
).  One thing he hadn’t factored in was latecomers.  It was 10 minutes into the lecture when Sherlock noticed a slight breeze tickling his ear.  Curious, he risked a peripheral glance and saw that the door behind him was being gently pushed open.  The lecturer, thankfully, seemed blissfully unaware and kept wittering on but Sherlock turned himself slightly so that he had a good view of the door, without drawing too much attention to it.  The door hovered between open and closed for a few seconds.  A head popped round.  Sherlock took a quick assessment.
"So it's a criminal spot-the-difference puzzle, great."  Sherlock chuckled next to him and their arms brushed.  John's entire left arm light up like sparks of electricity were in his bones.  He stifled a gasp.
Stamford merely smiled, as if this was not entirely unexpected.
He mused for a second.  “A Healer first, a soldier a close second.  And with any luck we might make a detective of you yet.”  And, as was his want, he flounced round John and through the shield, leaving John to trail after him.  He was trying not to grin too widely as he stepped through the shield.
“Not the killer.  Obvious.”
He scrambled out of bed and followed John into the bathroom.
“It might be all I have left.”
John laughed.  “Me as well?”
It was a picture message of Gladstone sat in Regent’s Park, head cocked to the side and a smile on his face.  Sherlock smiled instinctively at the thought of him posing for the picture.  His brain tried to remind him that a) dogs don’t smile and b) don’t know what pictures are but he managed to shove those thoughts away easier than he would admit to anyone else.
“Hey!” Dimitri said.  “Why come talk to me in the first place?”
It was at this point the moment was completely ruined by a man bursting through the double doors into the studio.
amount of steroids’ stashed in a broken panel behind the back of the locker which the lab confirmed was the drugs they were looking for.  Now it was just bringing the culprit into custody which the police had reassured Sherlock they were fully capable of on their own.
John was about to point out that an effective way of making photography his career would be simply to take photos and that a degree didn’t matter as much but as he looked into his mother’s earnest face, he realised that wasn’t quite her point.  She only wanted what was best for him and this could be a way of meeting her half way.  Also there was a small part of him that wanted to go back to a university setting.  He’d enjoyed the bit of social life he’d carved out and the routine of it and he wanted to prove that he could do it dammit.
The first week was spent running, through streets real and imaginary, tracing and tracking to see if he had any luck on his own.  He didn’t sleep, didn’t eat, and chain-smoked manically .  All his energy was consumed by being ready for the call, spending hours sat in his chair with his eyes trained on the door.
“Yeah, but I should have.”
“Shut Up!”
Jake walked over while Sherlock was still contemplating a few ideas, measuring up their likelihood against the sparse evidence he had.  He couldn’t dismiss any of them just yet but hopefully that was about to change.
“I’ll have to get changed then,” John said, tugging his jumper down self-consciously.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock said, attempting to shrug him off.
“What is the project?  You seem reluctant to talk about it so I’m assuming it is personal which then makes me question why you would need
His brother looked offended.  “I-”
“You’d think it wouldn’t be comfortable,” Lestrade said, tilting his head to indicate.
“Larry?” Victor looked behind Sherlock’s shoulder and sighed, “Oh for God’s sake, just go home.”
John never hid his drawings.  Until one day, he did.
John stepped forward into the light.  No outward injuries, steady step.  Unharmed.  Sherlock’s heart stopped.
“And who’s we?”
The door swung shut with a barely audible ‘click’ behind him.
“You can’t run off and do your own thing.  I
The door slammed shut behind Lestrade.   Sherlock flexed his wings in frustration, and John half expected he would just whirl out the door anyway, but to John’s surprise, he simply flung himself into a plastic chair.
Jake glanced round and then leant in, whispering hurriedly. “They’re going to destroy Brecknell Lane, targeting the old social centre.  They say it’s to create more offices but others said they’d done this before.  What they actually end up doing is building huge flats like the one I lived in where there’s no room and essentially screw everyone over in the process.  That social centre’s the only thing left but it’s important.  It’s the only part of the community that’s left.  If they destroy it, there’ll be nothing left and we need more space, not more people.  So I’m persuading them to leave my street alone.”
He glared, as he had done yesterday, into that pale, sculpted face, daring it to look back.  Sherlock had the decency to look away, across the street.  He was about to move on, to ignore the Fallen completely, but Sherlock sensed this and put a hand on his arm.  He shrugged it off and stepped back.
“It’s possible but most people don’t get to blow up secret underground bases on a regular basis.”
Sherlock arms remained curled round John’s hips as John gently pulled his head down to kiss his forehead, relaxing the grip he had on Sherlock’s hair to cradle his face. In sharp contrast to the fierceness of earlier, these kisses were feather light caresses, sweeping over his brow, down to his cheekbones, over his jaw, and then skimming over his nose back up to his forehead. Down, Over, Up, Repeat.  Down, Over, Up.  Down.  Over.  Up.  Sherlock felt his body unwind with each repetition, but he soon got restless. He shifted slightly and tilted his head to capture John’s mouth but John moved out the way.
“Shit,” John said, causing Sherlock to start.  They had been quiet for a while, John flicking over a few of the photos to see what his options were.
“Where did you get this from?”
“There were a multitude of factors,” John began before Mike cut in.
“Yeah.  It is linked to your Powers in some way, right?  I worked it out.”  The worst thing was he was genuinely proud of having pieced together the key to Sherlock’s knowledge.  He’d shown he was powerful with the display at their first meeting and it made sense, this quirk being related to the myriad of ways an angel could enhance themselves.
The Fallen who was currently holding a severed arm in his hand.
John woke up slowly. Warmth was radiating from somewhere and he snuggled closer, chasing the heat and sleep that was slipping away.  However as his mind began to stir, he became aware of feeling...sticky.
“Yeah.  Well I’m paraphrasing but that’s the gist.”
“You’re very welcome.  Now go and get your beauty rest Holmes.  You’ve got a big day tomorrow.”
, John started his medical studies to become qualified as a Doctor because apparently one could not just say they already had several years experience on the frontlines of the biggest war known in the cosmos because “they won’t believe me Sherlock, now go away and stop distracting me.”  This meant that any moment John was not helping Sherlock on cases or filling his time with human concerns like shopping or laundry, was dominated with pouring over textbooks and muttering processes under his breath.
Sherlock’s next words did not help the situation.  “There’s been a murder.”
“He’s not lost keys Jas.  He doesn’t remain in one place if you leave him there.”  Although she may have a point; where had he last seen John?  To Sherlock’s despair, thinking hurt.  A lot.
“Yes, fine.  I’m going to need to do some research, I’ll contact you if I find anything.  Look after your friend.  He’s going to need it when reality hits him.”  Sherlock stood up slightly too quickly to be entirely natural and left.  He could feel Victor and Oli’s stares but he chose to ignore them.  Victor would blame it on the case.  Oli didn’t know him well enough to disagree.
Without an object his mind spiralled, switching between a twitchy need to be doing something,
Fuck everything.
“Oh, yes umm, thanks. Thank you. Yes.”
He knew his name was Victor.  Victor Trevor.  Victor Trevor from Kent, Chemistry student, had a cat named Mittens at home, did ballet on the weekends, liked apple crumble and rugby union.  There had been a weak moment on Tuesday afternoon but he would have to somehow mention Victor needed better security settings on his social media.
He wasn’t alright because he’d just solved part of the case and he needed to tell John.  He wasn’t alright because he knew John was definitely in danger, he knew that from the beginning and now he’d worked out where the danger was coming from, the highest source danger could be coming from.  A danger he couldn’t fight alone.
“Be better than all this waiting.”
, a display case of moths, and some candle sticks.  A glance into the kitchen showed another table, quivering under the weight of...science equipment?  Cupboards from the 60s but perfectly serviceable once it saw some bleach and had things in it.  It was bigger than the space he had now, closer to the heart of the pretend city, Mrs Hudson seemed nice.
“Look, I have put a lot of effort into trying to be your friend Watson, and it would pain me to see all that effort wasted because you go and get yourself injured or worse by moving in with a guy you barely know, and a
Ah, they were waiting for a response.  He locked eyes with John and said the first thing that came to his mind.  “Yes.”
He was hung-over, sleep deprived, had a million other things to be doing but no, he was awake at 9-bloody-am, wandering around Regent’s-bloody-Park looking for a runaway- bloody- boyfriend.
“And I reserve the right to yell at you for it,” Lestrade said, equally as seriously.  Sherlock couldn’t help his lips quirking into a smile, just for a moment.
“Hey,” John said, squeezing his knee.  “You alright?”
“Obviously,” he sniffed, primly straightening his mat.
“Alright fine,” he huffed.
“So who’s they?”
He was looking directly at John.
“But why not cut it immediately after stealing the car?”
“I do not
“You been?  To war?”
This then set a precedent.  Every time Sherlock had a case, he would text John Watson, who gradually was promoted to simply John in his mind.  Later a text would arrive with a picture of Gladstone and a message from John about his walk.  Sherlock denied he was the sort of person to have a million dog photos on his phone but the way he jealously guarded it begged to differ.  There was an entire sub-section dedicated to walk photos.  Some of Gladstone on his own, sometimes with other dogs, many of him posing on rocks or on the move (like owner, like dog), and memorably, one of him halfway across a duck pond.  That one was accompanied by an apology message and a picture of Gladstone wrapped up in a fluffy towel looking especially pleased with himself.  John did not appear in any of the photos.  Sherlock ignored his disappointment because
their new landlady was nosier than Mrs Hudson and kept flittering about the flat at the most inopportune times, and yes it was lovely she was helping keep the space clean but John had a day free and there were no cases and please for the love of everything, woman, take the hint.
“Yeah, well neither were you.”  Sherlock tilted his head to the left.  John debated something, opening and then closing his mouth before his expression cleared into a blank mask.
He didn’t rush, didn’t run.  Sherlock was always in his sight, he couldn’t drag his eyes away.
“How do I know?”
“Tidied up for me?” John said, nodding around them.  Even more of the room had been restrained, and John could see his books had been piled onto the shelves, Fleming leaning on Antoine Lavoisier, old medical journals falling onto Newgate novels.
He was surprised (and happy) to note he didn't feel any panic and it was almost worrying how not worried he felt.  Though, it was difficult, he supposed, to have a sexuality crisis when your fantasy for the past few months was wrapped around you after, well, after that.
John had stupidly let a bubble of hope rise up at finding out Mr Perfect was not the boyfriend, only to be crushed a little again by the revelation Sherlock liked someone else.  What he missed in his pity party was the fact Sherlock was
Sherlock’s mind supplied and he nearly face planted the floor from the plank he was supposed to be holding.
yours,” John said, despite the uneasy feeling he was about to be proved wrong.  Sherlock was the only person with black wings here
“So, who is trying to threaten you?  And don’t bothering saying you have no idea, everyone has enemies of one kind or another,” Sherlock asked directly after Jake had sat down and Victor had introduced them.  Jake gaped at Sherlock, turning to Victor who nodded in confirmation that, yes, he was always like this.
“Excellent.  You’ll be able to verify this.”  Sherlock said, as he produced a vial from a coat pocket.
For love of all in the universe.  Hadn’t he suffered enough?
He was ignoring Sherlock for other reasons, namely that he was still pissed at the Fallen for being a complete arsehole which he hadn’t forgotten about but had set to one side for the sake of the case.  Also, maybe because when Sherlock had laid out his sparse plan, both him and Mallory had said “brilliant” at the same time. Sherlock had only smiled at John though and given Mallory the job of run around which mainly involved him bringing coffee and pens to the room and then sitting quietly in the corner watching everyone else work.  John swore to himself he was not in competition with anyone else for Sherlock’s attention and so denied that he was happy about Mallory being relegated to the side-lines.
There were positives and negatives to the situation.
When he looked down, he gasped.
It was then John played his ace card.  He leaned in so he was whispering in Sherlock’s ear.  “And maybe if you’re really,
“You wanted to talk to me about something?” John prompted and Sherlock realised he had been staring.  How attractive.
“I thought you had work today?” Sherlock said, his curiosity getting the better of him as he reluctantly pulling back from where he was nestled.
Of course that was the moment John winked at him and his mind went into full-meltdown.
He closed his eyes and breathed deeply.  Shoes were kicked off as removed as he could be.  Too much thought could kick him the other way.
John swallowed.  “Yes.”  Of course, there was one place that he saw F.A. every other day, although his interactions were tinged by grief rather than the clinical precision Sherlock was showing.
“Don’t be like that with me young man or you won’t get any tea at all,” she said, hand on a hip with the other brandishing a dish cloth at him.
“John,” Sherlock began hesitantly which had the effect of making John feel even worse.  Sherlock sounded scared.  Sherlock, who would run after criminals, jump over buildings, had gone and fought Moriarty without even knowing what had happened.  Yet he, John Watson, was scaring Sherlock and for what?  His own failure to let go of Moriarty was simultaneously hurting himself and Sherlock and that needed to stop.  Sherlock was better than that.
“Then enlighten me.”  Both froze.  John knew he had the power here.  He could walk away, refuse to explain and ignore it all and strangely he thought Sherlock would let him.  He sighed and looked towards the ceiling.
John couldn’t say it didn’t hurt a little that Sherlock didn’t want his help on the case but it was probably for the best.  He felt weak again, as if he’d suffered a physical blow.  Once again, he was too fragile to be relied upon.
Now John spent most of his free time flicking through the channels, either finding something he genuinely wanted to watch while Sherlock was out or, if Sherlock was in, something he would like to see torn apart.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but Victor just smirked at him.  They followed the mystery boy up to the 3
John glanced over at him.  If he turned his head fully, he could rest his forehead on Sherlock’s.  It was a tempting idea.  Instead he simply smiled, and said, “I’m fine.  Really.  I’ll let you know if it gets bad.”
Sherlock snorted at that, then paused.  “Thank you.  For trusting me.”
John was the first to pull back and Sherlock swayed slightly, his lips trying to follow John's.  They didn't pull away entirely, their bodies still close and their hands on each other, and Sherlock rested his forehead against John's and kept his eyes closed.
Just a few streets away.
He slumped forward, careful not to collapse onto Sherlock or the mess currently decorating Sherlock's belly.  He crashed next to Sherlock instead and hazily came down from his orgasm.  This was not helped by the sight of Sherlock running his fingers over his stomach and then bringing them up to his lips, his tongue flicking out.  John groaned at the sight and buried his face in a pillow.  Sherlock was going to kill him, right then and there.  The man in question reached over the side of the bed and swiped at himself, grabbed the blanket that had somehow ended up on the floor.  He covered both of them and then snuggled down next to John, who simply watched from his face-down position.
He wasn’t even mad they were cuddling in the back-seat anymore.
The dream, as usual, was as  frustrating as it was fascinating.  The beginning was hazy, as it always was; swirls of black hair and strong hands and piercing eyes, intoxicating, drawing him in.  It was always the eyes which brought things into focus.  Sherlock stood before him with his comfortable self-confidence and smirk, the only difference being that he was naked, glorious stretches of pale, unmarred skin, staring at John with an expression of hunger and want.
Lestrade smiled at him.  Why the brothers were constantly bickering may be a mystery but Sherlock’s childish insistence the he was
So he was procrastinating by going to the shops for Mrs Hudson.  He was brave, he wasn’t
Sherlock sighed and turned back to his experiment.  “Fine.  Be ready by 9.”
“Where are we going?”
“Sister!  There’s always something,” he said exasperated, shaking his head.  Obvious.
might happen.  In fact, it was quite nice that something
Lestrade laughed.  “Took us a damn long time to get there but I reckon he does.”
“You sure you haven’t misplaced the folder?” Lestrade checked.  Mallory looked wounded.  He may be many things but sloppy was not one of them.
“No dust,” he said.
“How did you know I did photography?” John said, looking at Mike who continued to smile but shook his head in denial.  Sherlock ducked his head.
“I have no time for games Mycroft.  Last name specific.”
She looked as if she wanted to ask questions but something was stopping her, and instead the pause was interrupted by a shout of “John.”
Sherlock was silent for a while and John was about to give up when he deigned to answer.  “They’ll be DNA in the car.”
Sherlock sighed dramatically. “There are many benefits of moving in that you’re overlooking.  Rent will be cheaper, it’s closer to your work, and you’ll have someone who actually knows what they’re looking for around.”
“John,” he shouted and the winced, his voice about four times too loud.  He scrambled to his feet and inadvertently caught sit of himself in the mirror.  It looked like Gladstone had dragged him through a hedge backwards.  In a wind tunnel.  Set to tornado mode.
“Sherlock, what-” John sounded panicked, as he tried to twist Sherlock round to expose his back to the dim light.
Sherlock felt the side of his head, where his curls were defying gravity.  He sighed and stuck his tongue out at John.
“Well you’re the one that insisted on lying down,” Sherlock grumbled, not slowing down his light, steady pace, pressing their foreheads together.
“Only if you’re lucky,” John said, giving in and pressing his lips to Sherlock’s.  It was sweet to begin with, more hesitant than their earlier desperation.  The adrenaline of seeing each other had worn off with his brother’s intrusion and the road-bump of the wings issue.  Now they were both fully aware of the choice they were making and neither seemed to want to push too far too soon, to ask for too much from the other.  In fact, it was oddly polite.
John didn’t realise he had made a mistake.  It was the day of his photo shoot with Sherlock and he was pleased that his excitement was out-weighing the nerves.  After their coffee stop (John had to stop himself from calling it a Date because that was
Molly clapped her hands in between their faces.  “Anyone want to fill me in?  Who’s Moriarty?  And John’s on Earth?”
Glass shattered.  Metal and wall bricks fell and smashed.  People were screaming, shouting.  The building rocked, as if it was tilting on its axis, inverting and spinning.
Up close, John saw Sherlock’s cheeks were vivid red.  Must have been a hell of a run.  The windswept look suited Sherlock, scarf askew, hair wild, eyes bright.  Suited him a lot.  John shuddered to think of what he looked like himself.
Sherlock moved his hands up to cup John's face.  He tilted John's head up before pulling him into a passionate kiss, swiping his tongue into John's mouth and making John gasp.  He pulled back quickly to say "You idiot," which John felt was unnecessary but he couldn’t reply as he once again was locked into Sherlock's embrace.  John let Sherlock lead for a while.  Although he had initiated, there was still a hestiancy about his touches and moves that suggested a lack of experience.  John could not wait to be able to give him experience.  Sherlock's hands had migrated back down to his hips and were slowly edging lower. John guided them onto his arse which made Sherlock hum and grab slightly, making John groan in turn.
“I just accused you of cheating when I should have known that isn’t you.
was not that kiss.
“And he wouldn’t listen when you threw a strop about it?” John hazard an educated guess.
So really, John reasoned, everything could be blamed on Sherlock for wandering off.
Lestrade was politely nodding understandingly on a two-seater sofa, while John made tea.  Sherlock for his part refused a seat and was restlessly pacing behind the aforementioned sofa.  It was not creating a calming environment for an informal police interview.
“Victor’s got a case for me,” he said with a smile.
John was oddly touched.  “Greg, seriously, don’t worry.  I can look after myself.”
“-Now that’s a lie.” John cut him off.
?” Lestrade cut in, face blank.  John looked at Sherlock and raised an eyebrow.
“I’m not questioning it.  I’m just curious as to where you got these from,” she said primly, but moved to start up the computer software and grab some gloves.
Sherlock had to concede the point.  “I’m sure you can still get into a host of trouble without the ability to magically pick-locks.  I’ve always admired how resourceful you can be.”
“Okay, so you’re definitely telling me the story behind that.  It sounds wonderful.  Meet at 7?”
“What?” Oli and Victor said in unison.  Sherlock heaved his ‘I’m surrounded by idiots’ sigh.
He rolled his eyes and threw himself onto a stool, shoving his head onto his hands.  “You know what I said.”
time, he was told to walk the same beat he always did, look out for trouble, report anything suspicious, and for fuck’s sake John don’t do anything rash.  Bessy on the front desk raised her eyebrows for emphasis.  He could have laughed but merely saluted and swung back out the door.
Of course this was the moment the door burst open.
“Yeah, well I should know better than to try and hide from Sherlock Holmes.”
He remembered Sherlock had been working on case.  He remembered Sherlock sighing for most of the afternoon and dramatically flouncing about the flat, sulking about something.  He remembered Sherlock acting like a dick.  He remembered telling Sherlock this. Sherlock huffing and telling him to piss off.  Watching telly pointedly ignoring idiotic flatmate.  Idiotic flatmate being purposefully loud to cover tv noise.  Giving up and going for a shower.  Going to bed.  Dreaming.
John who had taken to these practicalities like an angel to flying, flaunting his ability to fit in to the mundanities of humanity with ease.  He wasn’t jealous.  Jealousy was too strong an emotion to be feeling over someone’s ability to have a functioning sleep pattern, instead of veering wildly between sleeping an hour every three days to needing sleeping fourteen over an afternoon.
The unnamed boy slid into room while the lecturer fiddled with his laptop, crouched down, half-ran to the unoccupied chair next to Sherlock and sat down and grabbed a pen out of his pocket, creating a look of casual innocence.  When the lecturer looked up, he did a double take, scowled at the boy as if unsure whether he’d been there all the time (
Sherlock pressed himself nose first into John’s neck, making sure that he’s surrounded once more by John.
He was going to send the photo with the message, ‘See anything you like?’ until the
Which brought them to yesterday.  Yesterday was Gladstone’s birthday.  Sherlock realised it was illogical to celebrate a dog’s birthday as they had no concept of what a day was, never mind the date of their own birth.  But then Mrs Hudson arrived with a dog birthday cake (and some human birthday cake for Sherlock) and fussed over both of them for a while and it seemed a waste of perfectly good cake to do nothing.
“What so we can go play hero?” John asked, trying (and failing) to look serious.
“Not impossible.  Very difficult, highly unusual but not impossible.  After all, you can kill angels, why not the same for humans?”
“If they suspect anything they will burn the whole system. Do you really want to be starting from scratch?” he had asked Lestrade, who looked visibly ill from the thought.  Leads in cases were precious things and so they had set to work just shy of pinky promising not to say anything.
“Raz.”
Sherlock did not reply and continued to peer at the victims eyeballs (which would be odd if they weren’t a foot away from the victim’s body).
Jasmine laughed.  “Yeah that sounds about right.”
John shrugged.  “Well we hadn’t got there yet.  Bit busy.  I didn’t you weren’t interested anyway.”
The day crawled by.  It was possible time stopped all together at one point.  For example, once he checked his phone it was 12:33.  Approximately twelve minutes later it was still 12:33.  He threw his phone on the table in frustration and then lunged across it in order to stop his phone flying off the other side.
“You knew that already.”
“Right.  I’m assuming John has not miraculously turned up in the last few minutes?”
It’s then he remembered what had happened.  The fact that this was almost an inevitability did temper some of John’s anger as he cast a wary eye around, and sighed loudly.
John had headed to the kitchen and so missed the curious look Sherlock was giving the package in his hand.  He replied, “Don’t eat them all at once, you’ll be sick, but yes, I did buy you biscuits.”  What he also missed was the small smile Sherlock gave the biscuits, as he heaved himself upright, perched his feet on the seat of the chair, blanket still swaddled around him.
A bouncer came through, maybe on his break.  John suspected he looked ridiculous, less deer-in-the-headlights on a dark road and more elephant-under-spotlights on the brightest day in the year.
, an entity that deified all the labels regular people ascribed to social relationships.  In the same moment Sherlock was contemplating his uniqueness, the John in question looked up, smiling softly.
“Because you said he was.”  Now there was a sentence that needed unpacking.  His therapist would have a field day.  It made Sherlock smile though which counted way more than any eyebrow raises.
“I will be winging it, as I have done for every project.”
Something was off with Lestrade’s tone.  “You’re upset you didn’t know about him aren’t you?”
“Ah.  Well with the current state of governance in the Above in a less than ideal state, I will be returning to oversee matters personally.  You will, of course, be welcome to stay here but I have a feeling you would rather lay down roots elsewhere.  Options can be arranged as soon as you are feeling better Sherlock, although you appear to have made a startling recovery already,” he said, pointedly.
.  It’s
Sherlock sighed. “It’s as if you think I would just bring anyone to a crime scene.”  However, while his voice was frustrated, his face turned an odd shade of red.  “He’s my Alpha,” he muttered, as if embarrassed.  Apart from Sherlock was never embarrassed so that couldn’t be right.  Could it?
Mycroft sighed.  “Here.”
“Yeah, well, it’s good to run him out every so often.  Make sure he comes back for the ones we can’t do,” Lestrade said, only partially joking.  Sally turned to greet their visitor, only to have her biting words die in her throat.
in case, I think we should try that again.”
Sherlock didn’t want to ask the next question but at this point, it wasn’t really about wanting but needing to know.  “What about?”
“Crime scene.  Aerial view.”
“No uncertainty about that?  Because it’s fine to just go back to work.  And please ignore Sherlock scowling at you.”
Of course this was the point when John decided to move away.
“Are you laughing?”
was covered by the fact John had started the class.
It was perfect.
“Thank you.  Both of you.”
“Raz’s name is
"Oh god, lads, he's spiralling! Quick before he can make a run for it!" Johnson shouted and Mike lunged for the doorbell.  John turned round to protest and sound his very reasonable concerns when the door opened and he whirled round.
And if he spent the next few hours even more focused on Sherlock Holmes, well, that wasn’t unusual anymore.
It had been five days since they had been unceremoniously kicked off the case.  Lestrade’s words were on the line of “If I see either of you near this case again I’m going to murder both of you and leave your heads on spikes outside the building as a warning to others.”  John recalled being both horrified and impressed.  Lestrade could create very vivid imagery when he wanted.  However their dismissal had the knock-on effect of infuriating Sherlock who, after chasing around London for a while, declared the entire thing hopeless and retreated to the sofa, muttering darkly about Guards and portals and how idiotic and annoying the universe was.
“I’m just not sure what this is.  Whether you want to stay or-”  He couldn’t make himself say the word leave.  John shook himself awake properly, sensing this was a serious conversation which a sleep addled brain would not handle well, and sat up a little, so he was hovering over Sherlock.
It was also true that a small part of him didn’t want to leave.  He looked around at his collected life, displayed on the mantelpiece and the bookshelf and, well, any flat surface.  He had moved in when a successful case had turned into having a pseudo-mother who insisted he should take the flat.  And then John had arrived and made it home.  He was still uncertain of how he had done this in such a short space of time but from the moment he had arrived the entire building seemed to settle into its foundations.  This was where
John was, of course, the most fantastic thing about his new life.
“Not the driver John.  That would be useful but the taxi would be easier to find.”  And suddenly, John wasn’t following anymore.  “Or-” Sherlock gasped and shook his head.  “Slow,” he muttered to himself, thoughts coming out in stops and starts, flickers of thought patterns, matched by movements on the keyboard.  “Only an idiot- but would they- must- ah maybe...”  Until finally he smacked the desk, frustrated in his plans.
Sherlock’s hands flexed but he kept the rest of his frame slouched.  “From who?”
John was slightly stunned.  Sherlock rarely stumbled over his words, as if he’d already planned out a conversation in his head and was simply going through the motions to confirm your answers.
“Off we go then,” Sherlock turned to Victor.
"Your feelings?"
“I could work it out myself,” he said.  He tucked his feet underneath him.  “Up here I mean.”
“Why?”
“You didn’t know,” Sherlock dismissed flippantly.
“You do realise this makes you the coolest person I know right?” John said, smiling back.
“I never told you I loved bees and yet you chose this mug,” Sherlock said, smiling down at it once more, but with a puzzled crease between his eyebrows.
“Yes, he is.  Has been the entire time I’ve known him.  And the wings, they don’t change any of what I said.  I would still choose to be here.”
John nodded.  All he wanted was to spend more time with Sherlock and so he'd pretty much of agreed to anything that kept them together.  They were quiet for a moment and John was just about to doze off when Sherlock added, sleepily:
"You know you're a lot less fun since you've had this crush," Bill groused.  John didn't reply because they'd reached the door and it had just hit him that this was Sherlock's house and he no longer had the safety blanket of the coffee shop to calm him.  He knew where they stood in the coffee shop.  Fun, vaguely flirty if he was feeling brave, no-one else to distract them.
Sherlock stayed perched on his chair, whereas John leaned back against the wall.  As Sherlock had predicted, Raz was less than forthcoming with his answers.  There was the small problem that Lestrade did not have masses of information to go on.  Transferring what few records the Other Place kept from there to the Council limits was a nightmare which could last weeks and even then was unlikely to yield anything the Council didn’t already have on record.  So, from the few scraps that the Council kept from before the Fall, Lestrade attempted an interrogation.  The other spanner in an already tool-saturated works was that, as soon became apparent, Raz knew they had absolutely nothing to go on and so was keeping quiet.
“They’ll have taken on another personality by now.  We need to know if there’s been another murder, see if there’s a lead.”  Sherlock looked ready to run off again and John was determined not to have a repeat of yesterday.
He did not check his phone every few minutes.
There.  Done.  Nothing to worry about at all.  A wet nose nudged his hand.  Gladstone then rested his head on the sliver of sofa next to Sherlock's head.
He wasn’t alright because John had gone to work but wasn’t at work.
“Sherlock, your phone’s buzzing.”  Molly had crept closer but her voice was faint, miles away.  He slipped his hand into his pocket and produced his phone.
“Morning John.  I was- Is everything alright?”  Sherlock paused in the doorway, looking concerned.
“Oh shut up John,” Sherlock said and leant back in for a longer, deeper kiss.  John’s hands slipped from his face to trail across his neck and hang over his shoulders and he hummed in satisfaction.  Sherlock parted his lips slightly, allowing John in as he traced John’s waist with his thumbs.  God, he’d missed him.  Texting and Skype and obsessive social media following couldn’t capture the solid intensity of this man; how they fit together despite all evidence to contrary; how treasured he felt with every touch and kiss and caress.  John sucked slowly on his top lip and then the plump bottom one and Sherlock shivered.
“Yeah, that makes sense,” John said smiling but for why Sherlock couldn’t work out.  When Angelo took their coats and showed them to the window table (“Out of the way, I’ll bring a candle, romantic no?”), John placed his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back.  It felt like electricity was emanating from the spot, sparking up and down his spine and he was reluctant to move away to sit down.  As a compromise he happened to make sure their legs were touching lightly and smiled slightly as John pressed back.  Angelo went to fetch wine and then finally left them to it, promising to bring out Sherlock’s favourite carbonara for them.  It was not the best date food, but it was delicious, and Sherlock had been craving it recently.  There was the slight issue of what to do with his hands.  Clasped together seemed to be working to make sure John didn’t realise he was shaking slightly but under or over the table?  Under seemed weird but on the table made his shoulders feel strange.  John saved him from his own mind once again.
As he alighted on the walkway, the glow of the lights flooded to full power and left him blinking rapidly.
an angel did not necessarily mean it was difficult to harm one, as he was acutely aware.  His shoulder was patched together but reconstruction was only partial, and his wing was, for want of a better word, fucked beyond all measure.  What hurt more than the lack of flying ability though was the loss of his healing powers.  He retained some of them, but they would never reach his pre-war levels, never mind the strength he had in the glory days.  So at the end of his hospital stay, he was told he was lucky to still be in a physical form, lucky his soul had not been shattered on impact, and simply lucky to be alive.
trap sober.
“Oh you mean Sherlock.”
“Oh Hi!” Molly answered, sounding much happier.  “Yeah, I’ll just go get him for you.  How are you anyway?”  John could hear her movements through the phone.
“Yes, yes I did.  Now can I finish making breakfast?”
“Oh no. No no noooo no.  Terrible Boy Scout.  Accidently set fire to everything.  And tried to keep the frogs we found.”  John couldn’t help laughing, imagining a mini-Sherlock, all riotous hair and pleading eyes, trying to smuggle his quarry back to camp.
forgot to buy some but then I remembered that you did actually buy some yesterday as an apology for nearly ruining my notes.  So that means it was nearly a full bottle and it’s highly unlikely that we used an entire bottle on 2 cups of tea, meaning either you used it in an experiment yesterday without telling me
“Sit down,” John ordered and Sherlock found himself obeying without conscious thought.  The authoritative tone was new and judging by the smug look on John’s face as he wandered over, had the desired effect.  “There you go gorgeous,” he said, titling Sherlock’s face so he could kiss him deeply, hands sliding up into his hair.  Pre-occupied, Sherlock let his legs be nudged wider so John could stand between them and he moaned a little at the feeling.  John gripped his hair tighter at the noise, creating a feedback loop of pleasure that Sherlock lost himself in.  All he could do was grip John’s hips and hold on.  John broke away, swearing.  “Shirt off?” he said, dragging his fingers down Sherlock’s collarbone.  Sherlock nodded so rapidly he nearly headbutted John which, although showed enthusiasm, may not have been the sexiest thing he’d ever done.  John tried not to look amused.  “Go on then,” he said, taking a step backwards to pull his jumper and shirt off.  Sherlock tried to copy but was scuppered by buttons, uncooperative fingers, and the fact that John had leant back in to gently kiss his neck.  At some point, Sherlock admitted defeat.  He couldn’t be expected to do anything when there was a partially naked John Watson between his legs.
As a precaution he also disconnected the doorbell and the TV and hid John’s phone.  Short-turn annoyance would be over-taken by long-term gain.  He hoped.
“No reason,” John said, backing off.  “Should we call for back-up?”  Sherlock’s only reply was to scoff.  So not entirely out of sorts then.  Perhaps he was projecting his own worries onto Sherlock.  Although John was glad the case was open for business, he had not failed to notice that this all looked like a trap.  What sort of criminal pressed pause on an on-going investigation?  What sort of criminal then tempted the investigators into an abandoned building and then nothing untoward happens?  And why?  Were they close to catching them?  If so, why would Sherlock listen instead of going in for the kill?  These questions didn’t have answers for the moment, but this did not stop them from buzzing around John’s mind, every moment of relaxation tinged with a slice of worry that
After all, hope is the thing with feathers.  But things with feathers could fall.
Sherlock knew in his own mind that he’d been attracted to John, wanted to touch and taste and feel everything. But John hadn’t given any clear sign of reciprocation and so he’d dropped it and hoped it would go away. Of course it hadn’t but that was beside the point. To be confronted with a reality where John did want something
Lips on his throat, near his ear, brushing over his mouth.
He cleared his throat but his voice still came out hoarse.  “Where’s John?”
He hated it, the sunlight.  Just like he hated everything.  Well, nearly everything.
“And the fact he’s an unregistered Fallen wandering around has nothing to do with it at all,” John added and Lestrade shrugged again.
“Do you have any sulphuric acid?”
“I don’t know.  Just, might explain about the car?  And there might be footage I guess,” he said, shrugging, unable to pin down his exact thoughts other than the tiny part that was flashing
“My, my what?” Sherlock looked vaguely scandalised.  Shit had they been keeping it a secret?  Well, too late to back down now.
.  I merely pointed out- John.”  Sherlock’s speech flipped from annoyed to concerned.  John, who was busy pulling off his jumper, flung it off.  Sherlock was staring unblinkingly at his midriff.
“Work?” Sherlock asked from his curled position on his chair.
“It’s just until we’ve found the other Fallen’s.  Then we can re-open it and you can go find them.  We can even get the system back up.”
There was a pause .  “Did I start ranting?”
he was bored- Don’t think about it.
“You’re getting slow.”
John hadn’t changed, the simple plaid shirt and jeans making him part of the memory.
“Once again 71, not stupid.  Anyway it’s not that difficult.  Honestly I don’t know what you think of me!”
He turned to the entrance of Speedy’s café and some of the tension in shoulders relaxed slightly as he spotted Mrs Hudson propped against the doorframe.  She looked mournfully at her front door.
.”  Sherlock’s head lolled back slightly.  It had the unfortunate effect of squishing John’s already tender skull, dulling the impact of his sweet words.
Moriarty cackled.  “Oh yeah?  And what are you going to do?”
“Victor?” Sherlock had gone to fully scandalised.
.  However there were two other things which were even more distracting.
Sherlock was not known for his filter and did not intend to start now.  “No, I think you’ll find it was the illegal steroids and their unfortunate after effects you were dealing which has caused that.”
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world,” John smiled and Sherlock felt himself replying.
“I came to find you,” Sherlock said, an entry to stay.
He opened his eyes, looking down at Sherlock’s comically horror-stricken features. John couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s hair, who ducked and snuggled into John’s chest.
“Thank you.  Good...instructing.”
“John, you can’t hide forever,” he called as he started upstairs.  John better appreciate this, stairs were not easy when every step felt slightly like he was going to throw up.
Lestrade sighed.  “You were out of it for a while and when I knew you weren’t going to hyperventilate, I started thinking- don’t.”  He cut off Sherlock’s snide remark before he could even form one.  “John always seems to trust you and your deductions, and you’ve not led us wrong yet, even if it does get you locked in a warehouse basement.  Plus, I’m not on shift today and I’ve got nothing better to do, so why not entertain a spot of vigilantism?”
The usual feeling of feather and bone was curiously absent.  He experimentally tried to move them but there was nothing.  Not a pain or a numbness but a nothing.
“It’d be damn unlucky if it wasn’t.”
This did not satisfy the Senior Guard however.  “And Raz?  How does he fit in?”
“As far as I’m aware, it’s just us.”
“I know that they’re going to have messed up the crime scene.”  John jolted back to the present, Sherlock’s petulance requiring even more damage control.
Well it couldn’t be that.
But this was different.  This was important.
“Ow!” He glared at the innocent looking dog in front of him.  It was a face that said he had no regrets.
“Nope,” John whispered in one ear and Sherlock could hear the smirk rather than see it.
“You should call him.  It’d be quicker.”
“Still feeling jealous?”
He carefully set the coffees down by his feet.  He rang Sherlock.  Sherlock, hating phone calls, did not answer.
Sherlock nodded, wishing him to stop talking.  “Understood.”
“Sherlock?” John whispered.
well hung, wrapped a hand around the base and sunk down.
Sherlock shrugged.  “I like puzzles.  I don’t want someone telling me that I have to solve one over another and I like taking cases they can’t, especially international cases or ones where people require discretion.  Jewellery theft in manor houses, blackmail in Ukraine, a locked room murder in Paris.  Also, if I had to fill out that much paperwork I’d jump from the 6
.  Not a revelation, or an epiphany, but somehow it seemed important.  He must have been staring at it intently, as Sherlock stopped mid-planning with Lestrade to follow his gaze.
“Fascinating” he said, with an arched eyebrow.  “But I fail to see how it’s relevant.”
It was a fact that trusting a Fallen based on their word was a stupid idea that could only end in disaster.  John knew this.  John understood this.  John had been
tagger?”
“You’ve got an Alpha?  Since when?” Sally raised her eyebrows at the two of them.
“Oh my god.”  He could hear Molly’s rolling her eyes.
"Are you sure? I mean, are you sure this isn’t just adrenaline talking?  I would hate for you to do something you’d regret."  He tried to pull back a little and give John some breathing space but the iron grip in his hair stopped his efforts.
afternoon.
Sherlock was hiding a smile behind his coffee cup.  John was looking forward, ostensibly not noticing anything, but he could still see Sherlock out of his peripheral vision.
“And no one’s been here since?”
“I do not strop!”  That was a yes then.  “And I think your graffiti theory is off.”  Well now he was just being childish.
Sherlock looked like he was sucking a lemon.  “Unfortunately.  He’s awful.”
“Great.  That’s great.  Thought we might have lost you in all that.  Look, I know it’s a lot, but I need you to tell me what happened,” he said, even tone, hands hovering by his shoulders.
“Come on.  Do me.”  This was not the way Sherlock had hoped to hear those words, but the challenge proved too tempting.  Well, he was being given permission to look at John intently without it being odd, who could blame him?
“So never then?”
Which was why he was outside 221 Baker Street.  Sherlock's house.  For a party.  A party at Sherlock's house.  With Sherlock there.  In attendance.
Sensing they were in dangerous waters again, Lestrade asked “Do you know of anyone who would want to harm Mr Faber?”
“You do realise you could have had lighter weights?  No one’s going to judge you, we’re all too busy focussing on our own thing,” Molly said casually as they put their equipment away.  Sherlock glared at her.
He was fairly certain Sherlock was not going to apologise for last night.  He was to be proved correct in such an assumption.  However, they could not spend the next however many hours in silence because John felt he would surely go mad.  But he wasn’t going to break the silence first.  Oh no, let Sherlock do that.  It’s the least he could do.  It was right he should talk first.  John hadn’t done anything other than his job.  No, he wouldn’t speak first, he wouldn’t.
“Go on then, how did you get that one?” he called in the living room’s general direction, pausing to fix a tuft of hair that was reluctant to lie flat.
About two weeks after they had agreed to taking it slow, there was a chase.  In all honesty the Met couldn’t understand how the boys managed to always need to be running after their suspects but so long as they caught them in the end, they would let it slide.  Of course, this time was no different, and they managed to corner him only a few streets away from Baker Street.  After dealing with the necessary questions (“Yes this is the right person”, “No we didn’t steal your badge again”, “I’m so sorry, but you know he pickpockets when he’s bored”), John jokingly suggested a race back.  Really he should have seen his mistake.
John stood scowling at his section of the wardrobe.  At the peril of sounding like a melodramatic teenager, he had absolutely
“I don’t like repeating myself,” he said, gliding past with a wink.  A goddamn wink.  And then he was gone.
“He’s quite a good model actually,” John argued.  Victor simply tilted his head with a small smile on his face.  John completely missed Sherlock blush behind him.
Technically, this was all Sherlock’s fault.
Finally John opened it.
“What would you like me to say?  That you were right?”  It was difficult to sound angry when one was bed-bound but no one could say he didn’t try.
wants to impress him.  I have no idea why-”
knocked on the door and said in
A small knock on the door was John’s only warning before the door opened.  He turned with a smile, a joke about how it was nice to see him again after so long, what was it 6 hours now, on his lips before he froze.
and not tell us?" Bill whispered furiously.
John tried not to smile.  It was not funny or cute.  He did not want a bright pink sofa.  The quirk of Sherlock’s lips told him he failed.
Happy New Year's everyone- I hope you enjoy this chapter and I promise we will get to the end of this thing soon!
Mallory seemed to take this in his stride.  “Right.  And how can
“I will be as safe as possible.”
“There’s a group chat?
Sherlock frowned.  “Who?”
“So there is something to know.”
Trusting her was a risk.  Trusting anyone at the moment was a risk.  However, he was running out of options and there would have been easier marks for the Fallen to swap.
“Yep.”
Comments, as always, are greatly appreciated :)
Sherlock considered for a moment, picking at the bed sheets.
“It’s not my fault he believed me!”
“Hi,” John replied.
John had to say he was still curious, both about the car and about Sherlock’s plan to get him speaking again.
After that he couldn’t stop himself.  Everything was documented, every small image helping focus him, keep him in this moment rather than letting his thoughts run wild.  He had been up in his room, looking over some of the skyline shots he had taken of the city after not-so-legally gaining access to a roof terrace of a flat block, when his mother knocked on the door.
“Yes.”
“I’d say so.”
This didn’t stop people from trying however.  Some employed the use of the police’s extensive record collection but to no avail.  All records of Sherlock had either disappeared or were heavily censored so that not even hacking Lestrade’s account could help.
Sherlock looked up to glare at him.  John wasn’t sure what he was trying to achieve but he glared back because, although he was willing to admit the Fallen intrigued him, he wasn’t willing to be dragged into this odd conspiracy.  Staring gave an opportunity to look at Sherlock properly.  He had nice eyes.  Although they were clearly trying to make John disappear, they were still nice.  An undefinable colour.  Ice blue blending into green-hazel.  Piercing.  Eyes you can see patterns in.  That was an odd thought.
"Well I do like a challenge," John smiled back, taking a sip of his coffee.
There were 12 Council members.  One was clearly absent so 11 to investigate.  Despite ostensibly having control over the entirety of the Above, their identities were slightly mysterious.  Names were available but gaining access to the building was a challenge, never mind meetings with members themselves.  That’s why he preferred using the fire escape and slipping in through the door on the roof.  Then, simply walk with confidence.  Some knew who he was, or more accurately who he was related to, but for those that didn’t, setting a brisk pace warded off any questions about his presence.
“Hang on,” said Sherlock, as he shuffled over, one hand stabilised on the floor, the injured one still raised in the air.
“Kitchen destroyed?” John asked, wrapping one arm around Sherlock and using it to manoeuvre him so he could both cuddle (
“Ha!” he shouted as the system spat out the correct answer.  He turned to Lestrade, eyes shining.  “It’s obvious, blindingly obvious.  If I wasn’t so addled then I would have got there much sooner.  ”
“That was...amazing.”  Sherlock’s head shot back up and Mike’s smile somehow widened.
“I’m really glad to hear that Molls.  You deserve it, you really do,” John said with sincerity.  He did think that Greg and Molly made a very good and sweet couple, although he often questioned why it took them so long to get together.
And with his thoughts rambling down the lovely tangent that was his flatmate and current pillow, he fell asleep.
“No need.”  John’s eyes were bright with unshed tears.
“What were you thinking about then?”
“You’re bleeding.”
types.  Beta’s aren’t as dramatic, less hormones to deal with.  So you’re a Beta then?” Sally said, looking triumphant at Sherlock’s supposed confession.
“That was you,” Molly said, wanting to get back to more important topics.
the energy reached it’s peak and flooded him and it was
“Well he does love his own appearance.  A bit like a parrot come to think of it,” Victor swivelled to look at Sherlock thoughtfully.
Sherlock sighed.  “Fine.  But I reserve the right to take any action necessary.”
However, being a human, Sherlock was finding, was incredibly, amazingly
Before he could react, he felt Lestrade push his back, so he had no choice but to tip forward into London Below.
“Good instinct.  Maybe leave off the question mark at the end.”
Sherlock considered this.  “If you count chasing serial killers through dark alleyways then yes.”
“Yep.”  Sherlock paused.  “You think so too.”  By his tone, it sounded more like he was feeling out a hunch than providing a theory.  John did not know when he became an expert on such differences in tone.
He was going on a date.
, encircled Sherlock’s aching cock and start stroking in earnest, flicking his wrist at the head.
Sherlock’s mind had wandered elsewhere and perhaps this is why he did not think his next sentences through.  “There was a gigantic yellow sign outside our window inviting us to look into the building opposite 221B, leading to the address for the club and everything after.  Oh, and if you’re investigating a break in, don’t bother.  Me and John had to find an alternative exit.  People can be so sensitive about using their properties as a cut-through.”
When they arrived at the disused station, clattering down the stairs, and successfully passing the bouncers, John found himself pleasantly surprised.  There was a dance floor sure, in the pit where the tracks would have been, and the lighting was dark.  However, his feet were not suctioned to the floor and it was pleasantly bustling rather than overwhelmingly busy.  There was a beautiful bar running along one of the platforms, dark mahogany wood, which somehow had managed not to get too scuffed up with use.  They moved towards the bar.  No point going into
Sherlock frowned.  “Just like that?  Thought we made a rule.”
“Oh only a few of us.  Me, Molly, Greg, Mycroft-”
“Greg!”
“So, what does a Consulting Detective do exactly?  Apart from getting into knife fights and wearing stupidly short shorts to distract unassuming instructors in?” John asked with a cheeky grin before taking a sip of wine.
“Hmmm?” John tilted his head.
to tell me that you could be a liability in this case?”
“Lestrade?”
But he was a practical man and when he wanted something, the logical conclusion was to go somewhere, find the thing, get the thing, go home.  Instead he, and approximately the entire population of the City of London were winding their way through a labyrinth of fabric, wooden finishes, and bloody Tupperware.  All this with a man who could disappear in a Tesco no bigger than 20ft square.  That being said they had done it.  They had navigated bedrooms, and kitchens, seem thousands of options for soft furnishings, and there it was: Living Rooms.
“But you didn’t.”
John had to admit, these idiots knew how to pick a location.  They were in an abandoned industrial park, though he had no idea where, if they were still in London even.  A smudge of pink sunrise was visible in the distance.  The appropriated phone stated it was nearing 4:30.  No wonder Sherlock was so out of it, they’d been out for hours.
Luckily John was oblivious to the lengthy pause (and the decidedly
“Pretty obvious isn’t it?” Oli muttered.  Victor nudged him with an elbow.
just put everyone in danger and may have ruined the reputation of John’s place of work.  Not a great start.
It was time to get in contact with his brother.
“With your shoulder, I would call in back-up to help take them away.”
“You have a
Silence descended again from the phantom behind the sofa.  At least the pacing had stopped.
Admittedly he should have seen it coming.
Sherlock sighed.  "She sent me over because she knew I fancied you. Her and Victor have been scheming to get us together for weeks.  Victor walks by the café when he knows we're in there which is why I sat facing the window, so you wouldn't see him,"  Sherlock said this hurriedly and sounded as if he was making a horrible confession instead of making John's dreams come true.
was a little bit hard to believe.
“Do we have somewhere less busy to speak?” Lestrade said, glancing round.
“What assumptions?” John said, confused.
help with that?”
at you.”  He saw it right?  He had to see it.  John looked at Sherlock’s confused expression, the cutest little head tilt and furrow of his brows.
That fucker.
“What do you mean there’s only one?  One what?” Lestrade asked, voice hollow.
I would do something for the next issue and I meant to do it last week but, you know, stuff happens, and now we’re here.  It’s an issue about identity so I’m taking pictures of anyone who’s willing and I’ll put it together somehow,” John said shaking his head.  He stumbled a little as he hopped down from the counter and Sherlock instinctually put out a steadying hand.  He hadn’t noticed it in the corridor, but looking directly at John’s face he could see bags under his eyes deeper than they had before and a tension in his shoulders which refused to relent.  John flinched away from Sherlock’s touch on his arm and played it off as just reaching for his camera, with a muttered thanks.
When they arrived at Scotland Yard and were delivered to a waiting room, Sherlock overheard the officer who had driven their car saying to Molly that she now knew what she meant with the “lose it” comment.  He felt offended but was uncertain as to why so simply threw himself into a plastic waiting chair.  It did not have the same dramatic effect as when he was in his sharp suits and long coat.
“Hmmmnnnnn,” was all the shape said.  However, after a pause, it said “Biscuits?”
“Come round here,” John said, tugging at Sherlock’s sleeve until he’d manoeuvred round the bench and was stood in front of John.  “I want to kiss you properly,” and if there was ever a thing to say to take Sherlock’s brain entirely offline.  He had things he wanted to say dammit, but then John’s lips were back on his and his hands were cupping his face and the only thing he could think of was attempting to not to whimper embarrassingly from a simple kiss.
It wasn’t until much later that Sherlock remembered he had news.
“If only we could harness your wit as electricity, we could power the national grid.  Alas, a loss for us all.”
“Glad to know I'm accepted.”
But before Sherlock could get any further, John interrupted.  “Thought you’d be spending time with your boyfriend anyway.”  He regretted saying that immediately as the ache he had been ignoring for a week suddenly hit him with full force.
"A go on your cock," Sherlock said casually.  Okay it was official.  Sherlock Holmes was going to murder John Watson through the medium of sex.
, and John almost thought of leaving it before realising it was the only way of getting a blog post written today.  His highness was nowhere to be seen.  He set up station on the desk and aimlessly doodled on his notebook while the laptop switched on and Google loaded.  No wonder Sherlock always stole his, this thing took forever.  At the cheerful chirp that registered the thing was finally ready, his eyes flicked up and he froze completely.
“Sherlock.”
“He looks ordinary.  Though I guess that’s the point.  There’s something…” John struggled to find the words.  Strange?  Weird?  Icky?  “There’s just something about him that’s off.  Not exactly a stellar legal attack by the police.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and was immediately greeted with the sight of his knees.  This was a surprise.  He was sat on the floor, back slumped against the wall, barely upright.  The cacophony of his Mind Palace, currently in disarray, was ringing in his ears.  His eyes flickered as he tried to establish what was reality.  He kept his head down for a moment, vision swimming.
“No I’m not.”
“And why did your ‘client’ give you these names?”
John laughed at him.  “Yes really, you idiot,” he pushed his arm lightly.  “Thought I made it pretty obvious.”
“We have movement,” Sherlock interrupted softly.  Both Lestrade and John followed Sherlock’s gaze to the Underground entrance.  A figure had emerged, shrouded in a hoody and tracksuit bottoms.  From this angle he looked like an ordinary guy just making his way home which would be entirely plausible if the tube hadn’t stopped running an hour earlier.  No one in the car dare move.  The figure had paused and was looking at a phone.  Orientating.
"Yeah, definitely agree with that."  He ran his fingers lazily through Sherlock's hair, liking the way the curls clung onto his fingers until the last possible second.
By the time he remembered he was supposed to be quizzing Mrs Hudson on the fact his personal life was apparently gossip worthy, she had already disappeared back downstairs.  He briefly considered following her but decided it wasn’t worth the bother.
moved out of Mycroft’s house.  This took a ridiculously long time (how difficult was it to fabricate documents for two adult males?) and while sharing a house with his brother, him and John found it difficult to find any time alone.
“Um yes, yes I did, I.”  Sherlock's throat was closing up, his palms becoming sweaty, his heart pounding in his chest.  The words were stuck, his body rejecting saying them, violently trying to keep the vulnerability at bay.
John stood up and threw Sherlock’s coat at him.  “Let’s go and get chatting then.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself.” John sniped back, and Sherlock stuck out his tongue.  And things were right again.
He kept waiting for her to talk but she seemed happy to just sit.  It was a test of wills.  A battle.  The rock vs a hard place.  He wouldn’t break.  He had a lot of things to think about.
“Oh for the love of-” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“So you didn’t freak out and swoon like an 19
“Okay, because he’s your brother, and because he called me cryptically to question me about our relationship the day we met, and because I thought he was part of the investigation this whole time, and because it’s the sort of thing a person might want to share with another person they’re living with.  Are any of those good reasons to tell someone about your relatives?”  It wasn’t fair that John had time to plan his attack so Sherlock tried to switch subjects.
He was also ignoring that problem.
Sherlock looked him in the eye.  “Mind what?”
“Connected more like,” Raz grumbled.
What they were attempting was not a small task.  For, despite the tube being a relatively recent invention in the history of the universe, humans were tricky bastards.  There were multiple underground railways in use across the world at any one time, and they were constantly updating the bloody things, so each new section of city had a new part of the tube line.  These were dated according to the year any major updates took place, meaning the entire London side dated back to 1863, New York to 1904.  More tubes, meant more tube stops, meant more monitoring, meant more of John wanting to bash his head against the opposing wall.  Sherlock insisted on a small team however.
Something lodged in John’s throat as Sherlock sat carefully and faced the Fallen.  His nerves screamed
On the way over John’s fears only grew.  Sherlock was quiet while they walked (John refused to get taxi’s unless absolutely necessary- they weren’t made of money).  John hoped he’d become more sociable once he was surrounded by his friends, otherwise this was going to get very awkward, very quickly.  Unless, of course, his new friends knew of his habit to recede into his own mind.  It wasn’t like he, John, would know if they knew.  He mentally shook himself.  Gods, he had to get a grip, these people were probably lovely.  Probably.
“Go on.  Technically it’s for you.”
He didn’t realise he was doing it at first.  It was only when Mrs Hudson complained about the amount of sweeping, and then went curiously silent, that he looked in a mirror to find he had huge bald patches across his usually luscious wings. It was a habit from childhood he had thought he had tamed, a nervous tick that manifested under extreme stress like biting fingernails or the clicking of a pen.
Greg shook his head.  “Yeah, so did I.  Florence checks out, as does 1920s Manhattan.”
Sherlock waved his hand expressively.
“This is why we print things out,” Sherlock muttered darkly.  Lestrade shot him a “shut it” look and typed in address of the last known sighting of a symbol.  Nothing, just the regular grub of an outside wall.
“Tell me you did not put that in your mouth,” John demanded.  Sherlock looked vaguely guilty but was masking it with a haughty ‘
I may waffle on a bit here so please bear with me.  I started this fic with the image of John falling through a portal and Sherlock's reaction.  60k words later, this is the result.  This is the longest fic I have ever written.  Actually it's the longest thing I've ever written full stop and for that, I have to be a little bit proud of it.  I am fully aware it isn't perfect and could have probably been improved by writing the full thing out and then editing it in on big go.  We live and we learn!
Fallen, simply blinked a few times.  John was beginning to worry that perhaps there was something wrong, maybe something had happened when he was out of view, when Sherlock replied.
He was immediately grabbed before he could run.
“Stop staring at me.”
“Where the fuck have you been?”
Moriarty looked amused.  “That’s the trouble with you Sherlock.  You’re all business.  I am disappointed you haven’t worked it out though.  I mean I’ve given you everything you need.”  Moriarty slung his arm around John’s shoulders, who winced slightly before locking his limbs and standing perfectly still.  Sherlock felt his jaw flex as he restrained himself from running forward and breaking Moriarty’s arm.  “I guess I have you to thank for that,” he whispered in John’s ear but with his shining black eyes locked on Sherlock.
“When have we ever been good?”  Sherlock said with a smirk.  He had never heard anything as sweet as John’s laugh.
thing.  After the ‘Fall’ of Moriarty, as people were calling it, he had wondered if he was a fully fledged human.  His wings were gone and for a few days he couldn’t perform any magic whatsoever.  However, a small bit had gradually returned, the odd spell here and there, mostly healing ones but he had nowhere near his old powers.  This meant learning
Actually he was ignoring that one more than the secret problem.  Somehow secret powers were easier to deal with than actual feelings.  Go figure.
“Pray do tell how.  You say it like a disgraced secretary is a going to be a ground-breaking revelation.”
Neither boy could meet the other’s eye, each trying to control their blushing so the other didn’t see.
“Why do you keep following me?  Because hopefully you can see how unnerving it is to follow someone around and then ask them to move in with you.”
“John, can we talk?”
Sherlock walked two doors down and then turned on him.  “This is a pointless exercise and you know it.”
Sherlock sighs and clicked through a few time signatures.  At about 10:30pm, dot registering where the car was began to move out, down a few streets into traffic, then flickered and disappeared.
“I imagined you, and that damn luscious mouth of yours, god have I thought of that mouth, and you crawled down and you sucked me down,” and Sherlock’s mouth was actually watering now at the image of it, and he wanted to, fuck he wanted to, so he pulled John’s jeans down and he paused a minute to admire the fact John was
“You never asked.  Plus I couldn’t deal with you doing the whole protective-Alpha routine.  I can look after myself.”
“Been busy.”
“I do not appreciate being used as a glorified map service John,” Sherlock retorted, but the gleam in his eyes showed his approval.
“I think that would be a stretch but I guess, in a way,” he said, smiling at the paperwork while sneaking smiles John’s way.  Because John
“And what the fuck are you doing?” the Senior Guard asked.
“That’s what you want to focus on?” Molly asked incredulously.
“Meaning?”
When he had been asked about clubbing, John’s mind had filled with visions of sticky floors, cheap shots, and
Sherlock’s explanation that
“John,” he said, taking her hand.  “Full disclosure, I am actually a Guard, but I’m also his flatmate.”  Molly tilted her head to the side.
“You noticed me following you?”  Did he sound impressed?
“If you go, I’ll follow.”  To John it really was that simple.  Even when he was angry he wouldn’t have let Sherlock voluntarily walk into danger on his own.  He still cared for the idiot after all.
“Yeah well it was you who was late.  We’re in there,” he nodded over to the graffiti covered door of the building.
, it said, in an untidy scrawl.
John blinked.  Straightened up a little.  “That was amazing.”
It was amusing then, with these warnings ringing in his ears, that the actual move in day was fairly anti-climactic.
“I don’t want to pretend anymore.”  His voice, which John expected to be filled with anger, was instead so quiet and upset that John couldn’t help but run his hands through Sherlock’s hair and put their foreheads together.
“Hmmm.  No,” Sherlock agreed, taking a sip of coffee, as if this was a regular conversation starter.
Sherlock’s eye twitched.
“I will be here giving moral support.”
“Ah.” Mycroft, momentarily, looked uncomfortable.  Mycroft had not looked uncomfortable for about three decades.  This was not good news.
"Would it help if I said they went in via the roof?" Sherlock said, his voice slightly deeper than it was a moment before.  John took a calming breath and stared at the photos.
“I’m not jealous!  I’ve never even met him.  For all I know, he could be one of Sherlock’s experiments in human nature.”  Apart from he wasn’t, John was sure of that, but Greg didn’t know that and the less he appeared jealous the better.  Because he wasn’t.  Not really.  Just a little bit.
Sherlock kept quiet as John spoke.  There had to be a work-around, he just had to think of it.  Unfortunately, Mycroft saw this and quietly interjected.  “The only way for a human to get into the Above is the traditional method.”  John deliberately trained his gaze out of the large windows.  Sherlock couldn’t see his expression and so couldn’t correctly work-out what he was thinking which meant he couldn’t solve this before it spiralled out of control.  His brother was not helping.
John had got past the part where he even asked.  “Even more reason to be safe.”
“This is important I promise,” Sherlock said, his voice quickening with excitement.  Molly looked like she was about to interrupt, probably having heard many things were ‘important’ but Sherlock kept going. “No, seriously important.  I’m working with the Guards,” he said, gesturing to John, who waved for lack of anything else to do.  “There’s been a murder Molly, a real one, and not on a battlefield or on earth, but here, now and I’m going to find the killer.”
“Can we do it again?”
He shakily went and sat across from the man.
Warm.
They did talk sometimes, obviously.  It would have been weird to sit in silence
“Still amazing though.”  Sherlock smiled shyly, looking away.  Not the usual reaction.
Molly frowned.  “The Council?” she asked but the others ignored her.
“Ugh,” was the eloquent reply as all the blood rushed from his head.  He scrubbed a hand over his face and hair.  Hair Sherlock had been stroking.  Probably an automatic reaction.  “How long was I out?” was what he actually asked.
He armoured himself in his coat and didn’t look back as he left the building.
There was a crack of sunlight spilling through the curtains.  It was directly in his line of sight, taunting him from where he was curled up in his chair.  More accurately, he had sandwiched himself sideways, with both his knees and his chin curled to his chest, as close to a ball shape as he could manage.
Their eyes flickered to the glittering substance at the epicentre.
“I can’t go back,” John repeated softly.
“Err, yeah, fine.  Just haven’t seen you so dressed up before,” he said, flashing a grin before turning back to the camera, pretending to fix something.
“Gross?” Sherlock supplied
“What, with this wing?” John pointed at it.  It was a delicate thing and being crumpled up would hurt at the best of times, never mind every other week, and he grimaced at the thought. “Are you jealous?”
As soon as the lift doors opened into the foyer, Sherlock watched a similar revelation descend onto John.  The crowd gradually filtering into the ballroom was immaculate and elegant, a stereotype of beauty and elite.  They had barely walked into the room and already they could feel several pairs of eyes watching, some lingering a longer than a casual gaze.
“Can,” Sherlock said, pouting.
“No, no backing out.  You sleep on my sofa, you owe me.”
,” Sherlock said disdainfully, unable to stop himself from the correction.
His eyes snapped open and he glanced up the stairs warily before making his assent.
“Nearly three hours.  If Marsden hadn’t once slept through an eight hour raid then I’d say you were on your way to setting a record for stake-out napping.”
“Stairs!” Sherlock shouted a few minutes later, pointing to a small set of steps, which John would have walked straight past. Maybe not entirely without direction then.
considered staying and fighting him but all John had to do was raise an eyebrow and tilt his head slightly in a ‘
He had to ring Molly.
John’s hands came up to bury themselves in what was left of his hair, slowly as if to savour it, his eyes looking up to follow as the curls flowed around his fingers.
“EresJwn?”
“Would be a damn sight easier if you did though,” she grumbled.  “And why aren’t you doing this yourself?  Odd for you to ask permission.”
It was impossible to miss the way Sherlock’s eyes lit up and although his tone didn’t change, he leaned in excitedly while explaining.  “When the Guards are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me.”  He was clearly very smug about this.
“Anyone want anything?” he asked as he turned and stretched.  Sherlock glanced over at him but quickly turned his attention back to the map.  That was a no.  The others all muttered something that could be construed as a call for coffee and so John went in search of the cafeteria and thus the shitty self-service machine.  A shitty self-service machine which was not working and, being as it were about 11pm, there was no staff around behind the counter to help out.  He weighed up his options.  Either he left to go and find coffee which would cause Sherlock to kill him, or he return empty-handed and cause a riot amongst the others, causing him to kill Sherlock for not following work-day hours.  He could probably take Sherlock- the height would only go so far in being an advantage and John was sure he could turn it into a hindrance.  His quest continued.
"John Watson," he smiled again, trying to keep it restrained to 'polite' rather than 'adoring'.
4) As ever I hope you enjoy this chapter! There's not a lot of action but it was as if Sherlock wouldn't stop!  John will make an appearance again next chapter, don't worry!
Sherlock grinned.  “Spectacular isn’t it?  Come on, we don’t have long.  We need to get there before they ruin it-”
“Yes probably,” John admitted.  He was not stupid and did not think Miss Lincoln could help with the case.
“What?  Technically I’m on time,” John said, pointing to the clock above the door.  Mike only shook his head but couldn’t respond as the lecturer walked in yelling about how she was going to murder whoever set her lessons up so she had to run from the Graydon building to Barts.  But apparently the administrators thought it was fine to throw the photography class any old place, travel time be damned.
Self-conscious, John’s mind supplied.  Stupid.  “Oh, no, these are fantastic,” John reassured.  “It’s just were nearly out of time and I have to put all this back.”  Although he would deny it if John were to ask, he could see Sherlock’s shoulders relax slightly.
“Well I hope we didn’t scare you off and you’ll be back next week.” John said, grinning up at him.  Hmmm.  John was stood very close.  And that smile looked like it would taste lovely.  Wait, there was a pause.  Shit, what was he supposed to be saying?
Sherlock clenched his fists to stop them shaking.  “You put John in danger on purpose.  For this?”
John broke off just as harshly as he had started.  Sherlock gasped again as he was released back into reality, finally feeling grounded. They were both panting but refused to widen the small distance between them. Sherlock stared at him, wide eyed, lips swollen.
“I can check.  Mallory?  Any further on id?”
agreed to work with him instead of shutting down and replied “I would love to.”  Like a normal person.  His insides felt impossibly light, almost like he was going to explode.  His heart was hammering and he was blushing and he couldn’t stop smiling even if he tried.
“So you know why you’re here.”
“Oh I’m not using the secretary.  He’s already in police custody. Forgot about the CCTV you see and I know someone who has access to all the feeds so it was child's play in the end. Also, a tip for next time, at least get someone who won't run to their mother's house at the first sign of trouble. No, what I’m using is the destruction of a community centre in the heart of the town, several local politicians with an election to win, teenagers that can influence millions in less than 140 characters and the fact that you abandoned your entire family when your youngest son was 6.”
he had thought a lot about Sherlock before he even knew he was called Sherlock, but this was getting ridiculous.  Every lecture was spent trying to concentrate, accidently letting his mind wander to curly hair and silver eyes, and soft lips and surprisingly strong hands, trying to stop thinking about those things, ending up thinking about them more, and then the lecture was over and he had to ask Mike for notes.
There was approximately 7 seconds of silence where John thought he might get to enjoy his coffee in peace when Greg asked:
A small part of Sherlock’s brain registered the fact his brother was sincere in his concern. He frowned. It wasn’t the response he’d been expecting but that didn’t mean his worries were untrue. He nodded his thanks before sweeping out the car.
“Tea?”
Their new sofa was fabric, dark navy on John’s insistence.
This was also a difficult question for John to answer.  Because he
Before Lestrade could yell at him for destruction of property, Mallory appeared at the door.  “Sir.”
Sherlock glowered.  “You can’t tell anyone.”  Intriguing.  John nodded.  “My brother bailed me out.”
He hesitated too long.
So John wasn’t nervous.  Yet.  He’d arrived early to set up the big white backdrop screens and to mess around with the lighting.  For this initial image John wanted everything in stark contrast, emphasising Sherlock’s pale skin and black riotous hair.  Sherlock had suggested that he could wear formalwear and John had agreed.  They would leave off the jacket for more of a solid contrast and both had agreed to no tie.  John had said it would leave a suggestion things were not as put-together as they first appeared, leading into the rest of the set.  Sherlock had said he would rather strangle John with one before wearing it.
“Surprise baby,” John replied.  Irene and Victor exchanged a Look as they backed away from the door.  “Baby?” Victor mouthed but Irene could only shrug as they retreated to the kitchen.
They were silent on the way out of the building and John’s mind had wondered onto a shower and some breakfast when he was suddenly enveloped in limbs.  He brought up his arms automatically, palms flat on Sherlock’s back.
At 3:10, the door to the university hall’s corridor slammed open with a huge bang, and a harried John Watson came barrelling out of the stairwell, a satchel and camera bag flung over one shoulder, staring at an image on his digital camera.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock!” John shouted.  The Fallen stopped dead, drew himself up, and stalked out the door.  John followed closely on his heels, with an apologetic grimace to Lestrade and Miss Lincoln.  He was sure Lestrade could handle the fallout.
Lestrade sighed.  “Duly noted.  Now, I have to go talk to some people higher up, they’re still blocking our evidence request for the Tillbury case.  Can you go and talk to our contact Stamford about any miscellaneous body parts that may have shown up?  His office is on the third floor, although he might be in a lab somewhere.  Can never find anyone in this bloody place.”
“He kept to himself,” she began.  “Quiet you know?  I find it very strange.  I was telling this to Gladys, she lived next door, lovely woman, moved in with a man last summer-”
Sherlock thought of the experiment he was going to try involving different blood samples and shower curtain fabrics.  What he said was: “Not really, you?”
As they secretly hauled the guilty into holding, with the help of Mallory, he was itching to move on to the next target.  All he needed was access to was the right data.  He was scouting in Lestrade’s office when he was brought even more bad news.
This notion had not stopped him before.
Avoiding looking in the mirror, he shrugged off his jumper and t-shirt, noticing absently that he was growing a slight tummy in his new student lifestyle.  But that was a problem for another day.  He turned on the shower, allowing the room to steam up before he took of the rest of his clothes and could safely put them in the hamper next to the sink without his own reflection staring back at him.
Once again, he was ignored.  “I would advise you to stay away from Sherlock Holmes.  Also take Portland Street to work, it will take less time than Broadgate.”  And then the line cut off, leaving John confused, on edge, and with a nagging feeling that he should text Sherlock about what just happened.  However, Portland
“Piss off Mycroft.”  Ah, there it was.  Suddenly he felt settled.  Apparently at the absence of all other senses, insulting your brother was a fast-track to orientating yourself.
Sherlock wanted to shout that, no, he wasn’t fucking
It's unedited and it may feel a little rushed in terms of wrapping things up but it's finished and if you've got any questions about it, ask or I've made some glaring errors, please tell me.
Sherlock looked at John expectantly.
John scrubbed a hand over his face.  No point thinking about all that now.  Maybe later.  Maybe never.
, and the feeling of power and strength that came from the enhancement of his abilities was overwhelming and exhilarating.  During the war, John felt he could do anything, be the angel he was destined to be.  A few times he even thought it might be the reason he was called into existence in the first place.
“Guards.”
And in true Sherlock fashion, the younger Holmes simply nodded, swept himself upright in his stupid coat, paused long enough for John to get to his feet and strode out the room.
“Mrs Hudson, John.  John, our landlady.”  Then Sherlock turned to practically bounce up the stairs.
He stayed in the shadows until he was sure the emergency services were called and went to wait around the corner to see everything was cleaned up.  Then he went home with a buzzing feeling in his veins, making his teeth chatter and breath quicken and heart pound and hands still.  He simply carried his cane, his leg not bothering him for the first time in months.
“Very odd John.  Very odd.”
“I shouldn’t have kissed you.”
“You said you were busy,” Sherlock said yawning.
“Okay,” Victor said, looking slightly more relaxed, “Sherlock, meet Oli.  Oli, this is Sherlock, the guy I told you about.”
and so the transition to being human
Sherlock rolled his eyes and mirrored John’s pose on the sofa.  The sun once again surrounded John with an ethereal glow, highlighting his soft, blonde hair, and his deep blue eyes and the not-terrible jumper he was wearing.  He looked beautiful.  Sherlock leaned over to kiss him again, just because he could, and the thought that he was allowed to thrilled him.
John went to follow, before he turned, not being able to help himself.
“John’s my neighbour from across the hall,” Sherlock jumped in.  Victor’s eyes lit up at that and turned to John with more interest.
The disaster moment happened after dessert.  As people started moving around the room, the lights were dimmed, and a new round of dancing broke out.  Clarissa moved away and Sherlock relaxed slightly as he noticed John’s eyes kept skittering back to him.  But then John asked if he wanted another drink and Operation Drunk Sherlock was still go so he said yes.  John got up and went to the bar and Sherlock remained sulking slightly at the table and flickering an eye over the party for anything illegal that could turn into a fun case so this party would just
“Aw, you mean you didn’t stay just for me?”
“Oh yes, he’s normally very quiet though.”
“I love you too,” John saved him.
his wings for not working). Walking up the road.  Outside the door.
Raz started, momentarily surprised. He pondered for a minute and then carefully held out the paper.  “Because you’re a mate.”
“Distracted you though didn’t I?”
He stopped.
“Never said you did.”
He smiled softly and said “Yeah, I reckon so.  Seems a lot better, within himself, these past few weeks.”
“Confidence John,” Sherlock said as he began to stride across the floor, as if that answered the question.
“Big Day,” she said as he approached.  He shrugged.  He was also not expecting her to punch his arm.
“Coffee,” the barista said, and John jumped.  He realised he must have looked strange focussing on across the road, like a cat getting ready to pounce on thin air.   Nodding thank you, he tried to pretend that he was a normal angel just getting coffee.  The barista responded with an ‘It’s above my pay grade to care’ shrug and turned back to their phone.  There were some perks to living in a replica capital city.
But now that couldn’t be avoided and it was starting to freak him out.  Because Stamford was nice and was kind and would almost certainly want to talk about it and be nice and kind about it all.  This was perhaps why John did not exactly hurry to find Stamford’s office.  Lestrade hadn’t said it was urgent.  It was heavily
“Hmm, and what were we imagining I wonder?” John asked, and Sherlock was about to answer with something suave (probably) when John flicked his tongue over a nipple and Sherlock swore instead.
“Just remember this moment when I ask you for a favour you don’t want to do.”
The Underground entrance to St James Park station.
“Well they aren’t the weirdest couple I’ve ever seen.  Maybe their good for each other, you never know.  Plus, there is a silver lining,” Lestrade said, looking pleased and a little bit proud.
“Well now you’re just pushing your luck.  Anyway Sherlock helped you get with Molly and I’m the one that started seeing Sherlock so by proxy I helped you get yourself a girlfriend so there.  That was your birthday present last year.”
Into battle.
“I don’t think you need to worry about numbers.  Think you have a new convert here.”  Molly nudged him with her elbow and for a moment Sherlock was confused as to why.
“Michael Stamford, if you weren’t going to be incredibly useful in a few minutes time, it would be my turn to stab you with
Lestrade frowned, but answered.  “Molly said you’d left in a hurry.  Messaged Mrs Hudson to see if she’d heard anything and she said you’d gone this way.”  He paused, choosing his next words carefully.  “We didn’t get a good look down here, but you didn’t seem to be alone?”
“You must excuse us a moment,” Sherlock said in a tight voice, hand curling around John’s bicep and pulling him away towards the foyer.  John tried to give the woman an apologetic look but it was difficult considering he had apparently lost his privilege of choosing where he was headed and they were walking at pace that meant they could probably outrun a London bus.  In fact Sherlock didn’t slow down until they were in a quiet, shadowy corner of the foyer where they couldn’t be seen.
“Why would I need to remember it?  Anyway, you should ring him.”
Raz had his answer prepared.  “Immunity.  Across the board.”
you promise to discontinue this one man crusade to personally ruin your future.”  Jake looked ready to protest but Sherlock spoke over him.  “If you continue with this, once those people you blackmailed realise they are being coerced by a 19 year old, if they don’t know already, they will bring you to the ground and crush you as if you were an insignificant bug, which to them you are.  They already know where you used to live, it wouldn’t be difficult to find you again or to find your family.  Your social centre is doomed; even if you succeed in this endeavour, there will always be someone else willing to take their place and they are going to get harder and harder to push around.  A better use of your time would be finding some legal ground to prevent them from destroying it, which you would have thought of, had you not wasted your brain cells on watching action dramas and spy movies.  Now agree and give me a list of names.”  Sherlock finished imperiously, producing a pen from his pocket.  Jake looked between Oli and Victor and, upon finding them both glaring at him, sighed in defeat.
He had frozen up at the idea of talking but she had already walked into his room so there was no avenue for escape.
When he was finally released from the centre, he took up digs in a flat with some other veterans, although slowly that had started emptying out as people moved on with their lives.  In order to enforce the peace, guard patrols and an actual justice system had been set in motion, and so John joined a unit as a temporary place-holder until he found another job.  This job had become a lot less temporary as the months wore on but John could barely bring himself to care.  It paid the bills.  It helped the Council.  It forced him to leave the bed-sit.  That was the most important thing right?
“Sherlock what? Oh, that,” he said, remembering the gash in his side.  It looked a lot worse than it actually was.  He had acquired it yesterday after one very angry burglar was not all too happy about being tackled to the ground and John had suffered for his second of distraction looking for the other guy who was taking off down the alley.  He’d caught them both in the end but even his healing abilities were struggling with this one.
Sherlock shook his head.  “I find it highly unlikely.”
century heroine?”  Well that was just mean.
“I’m not asking you to.  In fact, the decision has already been made.”  John looked like he was going to argue again when Sherlock played his closing card.  “You said you made a decision to follow me.  Now I’m making the same choice back.”  He paused, looking away, before guiltily adding, “Also, and not that this makes a huge difference to my choice, bu it appears my wings are also gone.  A side-effect of being a former Fallen according to Mycroft.  So odds are I cannot return either.”
“I can assure you he is not,” Sherlock said indignantly.
“You’re down here.  Therefore, my entire life is not up there.”
Sherlock was loathe to admit it but he had missed his brother in an abstract way.  This was not to say he wasn’t annoying, pretentious and a pain in the backside. Sometimes, however, his omniscient protection was useful and at the depths of his solitude, he was willing to admit to himself that his brother’s company would at least alleviate the boredom.
“Very.  I don’t know what happened this week, but I hope it gets sorted soon otherwise they are going to take me out next week.”
John didn’t even know where to begin.  What did Sherlock think it looked like?  Why was he blushing?  He was a detective and so investigating was in his nature.  Apart from there was something-
“We need to get the rest of these clothes off,” he panted, as Sherlock started rocking forward and back and if they didn’t undress immediately this was going to end
“Let me just check that for you,” she said, smiling.
for once.  Lives depend on it.”
“At work.  He said he didn’t want to come back anyway.  Feels like he’s being watched.  They wiped the CCTV feed so that’s useless, before you ask.”
“Hey,” John said, pressing another kiss to Sherlock’s cheek which made him blush madly.  “You look amazing.”
“Hmm.  Unfortunately you cannot ply him with biscuits.”
With that, he twisted the handle and threw open the door.
“I’m fine.  Just a bad dream,” he said in an approximation of his normal voice, even attempting a swift smile.  He rolled himself off of the sofa, stood up and walked to the bathroom.  He felt clammy, the residue of both sweat and sleep clinging to him and trapping him back in the dream.
"So this is where your lover boy lives huh?" Bill began as they walked down the street to Sherlock's flat.
“Instead of medicine?  Well my shoulder was kind of fucked, for want of a better word, so I couldn’t be a surgeon anymore.  The idea of being a GP made me want to tear my hair out from boredom, but I nearly ended up doing it anyway because it was either find a job or move out of London and I couldn’t do that.  The gym kind of happened by accident.  My doctor suggested some exercise to help with my shoulder and my leg, went to the gym, never looked back.  I had to do some training but after boot-camp it was like a holiday.”  John’s face had closed off when he mentioned surgeon and Sherlock wanted to push, god did he want to push, but he didn’t.  If John didn’t want to mention it, it was a touchy subject and he would find out eventually.  Sherlock was determined to keep John in his life as long as possible and he would know everything.
Sherlock had simply looked away, as if the book shelf fascinated him.
“And so obviously the logical thing is to ask me to move in with you.”
“I assure you I have perfect vision.”
“Yes, well a man named Damien Russell would be very pleased if you returned it to him. Also-”
John huffed a laugh.  “Just a little bit.”  A pause.  “I like you too.”
.  Sherlock didn’t do long winded sentences or unnecessary descriptors, but he also demanded precision and no detail was too irrelevant if he had a hunch.  It was a lot of information to sift through.
It was only because he liked mysteries, his natural curiosity taking over.  Surely it wasn’t weird to want to know what your dog walker looked like. Especially when he was so complimentary about your dog. And texted you pictures of the dog with funny captions.  And seemed genuinely curious when you
“Duh, Victor.  They’re like so cute together and they like the same stuff and yeah, it’s just obvious.  And look at them, they’re like together already.”
Then Sherlock above him, hands all over his body, nuzzling his neck, letting his own hands come up to tangle in curls. Whimpering as the hands trailed down over his belly and up his inner thighs, teasing but not touching. Normally this was when he woke up, hard and ashamed of the thought of Sherlock finding out about his fantasies  but unable to stop himself. But this ending wasn't as clear. He vaguely remembered waking up but he couldn't quite-
“No, I’ve been calling into the void instead.  Do you think I’m an idiot?”
He nodded but his eyes were already unfocussed, the pieces in his mind already interlocking and connecting.  It appeared, the game was still on.
He was feeling good as he made his way over to work, head full of the new flat and its mysterious but handsome occupant.
“You go in, try to get to Jake if you can.  John and I need to go deal with something.”
“It happened in Afghanistan.  I wasn’t just shot at random, like everyone assumes.  They, they gave me something.  I don’t know what it is so don’t bother asking but all I know is that now I can do things.  I’m stronger, faster, can heal quicker...”  He trailed off, unsure how to continue.
Life with Sherlock was amazing at times, the erratic unscheduled chaos being reminiscent of his time on the force and making his body hum with adrenaline.  However, sometimes all John wanted was some peace and quiet, something he rarely got with Sherlock around.  Now though, Sherlock as going off out every five minutes with his new set of friends and John couldn’t help but loathe the silence around him, too still, too quiet.  It reminded him of his time with Sherlock at school and, when it got really bad, life without Sherlock altogether.  Also, he couldn’t help feeling possessive.  Sherlock was his, everyone else could back off and leave them alone.  At times he felt more of a flatmate than a partner.  John never mentioned this to Sherlock though.  Whenever he tried to, all he could think about was the lonely boy trekking through the woods or the boy that had spent most of his time skipping school to avoid other people and who hadn’t mentioned a single friend in the history of them being together.  Then John felt guilty.  Who was he to try and demand Sherlock give up something which clearly made him happy, just so they could spend a few more hours together doing much the same as they had before?  Although Sherlock would never admit it, John had quickly worked out all Sherlock wanted
“You’d have thought they’d have hidden it better.  CCTV will pick them up,” Lestrade said.
Sherlock stared at him.  What was John talking about?  “Explain your reasoning for this theory.”
“No, that was John.”  Lestrade raised an eyebrow.  “He was provoked.  There was a portal, to Earth, and the only way to stop it was to destroy it.  He was wrapped up in some destruction spell anyway, so he used his powers and-” he waved in the direction of the crater that now contained them both.  A lump stuck in his throat and he felt his lip wobble.  Delayed reaction.  Shock.
“Well everyone has to have a hobby.”
Sherlock opened his eyes, mouth open as if to argue, but under John’s pointed glare he glanced down.  He looked shocked as if only just realising he wasn’t magically dressed and groomed.  He snapped his mouth shut, making a conceding grunt and rolled himself off the sofa before stalking into the bathroom.  John sighed, though he wasn’t actually annoyed.  If he allowed himself to be irritated every time this happened, he would be in a near permanent state of exasperation which was too exhausting to even think about.  That being said, John was still worried about his budding detective.
“Where’d you get it?”
“Ooh, that s’easy.”
“Yeah, yeah, army and all that, I know.  Just if you need anything, or anything looks suspicious, tell me alright?”  The investigation into the symbols appearing at crime scenes was still ongoing and Lestrade was growing desperate for a lead.
Not-John shrugged.
This man was going to kill him.  He had been sent from heaven, a gift from another world, and he was going to be the death of him.  His thoughts were apparently taking too long however.
There was only one solution.  Complete avoidance.  Because although Sherlock was a master of self control, pushing his body to the absolute limits, it didn’t actually mean he enjoyed it.  Also, unlike what John liked to believe, he was actually aware some limits were not made to be pushed.
“Why?”  He had no patience for pleasantries.
He sprinted across campus and launched himself through several doors before throwing himself down in his seat with only a minute to spare.  Mike gave him a Look.
After officially being signed to the case he’d sulked all the way home, supposedly to read through the case file again to check if the police had missed something.  If Mrs Hudson was also there to face up to her betrayal, well that was just coincidental.  He noisily slammed every door available on the way up to the living room but it only earned him a tut and shake of the head as she washed some dishes in the sink.  He huffed and flung himself into his chair, resisting the urge to knock everything off of the table surface and onto the floor.  She’d only leave it for him to deal with again and that not only defeated the purpose but also was a headache to reorganise.
“Just caught him boss,” the guy with a death-grip on John’s arm said.  Later he would find it odd that the manager didn’t look surprised to see him but his attention in the current moment was focussed on the thuggish man, making sure he wouldn’t get a chance to get a punch or kick in.  The other bouncer marched forward, clearly looking for others.  He hoped Sherlock had the sense to hide or run.
Uncomfortably so.
contact with, but also deigned to work with the Guards and won himself a flatmate who has a military background and a clear penchant for danger. Along the way he insulted many people in leadership positions, managed to be kidnapped, illegally broke and entered into someone’s home, and destroy a tube station causing a level of damage which is frankly astounding even by your standards.  I was wondering if you had anything to add.”
“John-” Sherlock warned.  (What he didn’t realise was that this was the same voice everyone had used on him at least once and so couldn’t relish the idea of being on the opposite end of this conversation.)
They fell quiet as the car moved through the empty streets.  In the back of the car, lulled by the movement, Sherlock fell asleep again.  His head still rested on John’s shoulder, face slack, snoring softly, totally at ease.  John looked out of the window but his hand remained a comforting presence around Sherlock’s middle, wing still protecting him.  Lestrade pretended not to notice how similar this was to another scene he viewed recently.  Idiots, the pair of them.
John sighed and carefully took a photo of the sign, tongue stuck out in concentration. He was grateful he was hidden from view for that part and that the streets were empty enough no one walked past.
“Incorrect.”
Suddenly John’s feet were willing to co-operate but only to turn him so he could follow the direction the girl’s where looking towards.  He didn’t hear another bit of their conversation.  He didn’t hear anything in fact.  All he could hear was the pounding of his own heartbeat because there, on one of those stupid, squishy sofas, was Sherlock-
“Ow!  Why?” he asked bewildered.
“You’ve talked to Sherlock about them right?”
“What is this place?” John asked.  He really could not wrap his head around it.  It seemed miles away from Baker Street.
“In here.”
The colour choices were spread out on his bed: dark blue, aubergine purple, jet black.  The blue would match John’s eyes which were one of the few things he could focus on without wanting to hyperventilate at the moment, but would it wash him out?  The black would be dramatic but
Another breath and then he swung open the door.
“Seriously I’m fine.  I’m going to take a shower, okay?”  He didn’t bother waiting for a reply.
“Sherlock?!” John shouted.  “Sherlock are you alright?”  The detective had been thrown back by the blast and was laid out on the floor.  He was, however, still conscious, as proved by his head rolling over to look at John.  The grey eyes looked up at him, a little dazed, but soft around the edges.
“That's just because you have dog treats in your pocket.”
“Well it needs cleaning up,” he said at the same time Sherlock admitted “I moved some things in.”
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock insisted.  Victor made to reply but was interrupted by Sherlock’s pursuer appearing at the end of the alleyway.
Mallory recoiled, as if to bolt out of the room.  “As in they’re not where we last saw them?  The information I collected appears to be gone as well.”
“I said thank you.  What more do you want?  Confetti?”
However, the place wasn’t entirely neglected.  The walls were not crumbling, no damp sprawled over walls and ceilings.  No sign of squatters which was unusual- this should have been prime real estate.
getting at is the heart eyes you two were sending each other,” she said glancing over at him.
John paused to let his brain catch up before saying “Nothing.  Everything’s...good.”
be broken down.  As fun as it would be to play hero, he didn’t want to do so by throwing his back out.
“A little.”
"Can I ask what the hell just happened?" John said, taking the opportunity to snake his arms around Sherlock's back.  He thought he could feel Sherlock's spine through the material of his shirt which they were definitely going to talk about at some point.  (John did not think about the fact he was already planning out an 'after this moment'.)
Apparently did not stop him from being a twat though.
The mental checklist was not very long, as their search was quite niche.  Is there a symbol?  Can you see who tagged it?
Sherlock nearly screamed and he suddenly was not especially sorry that his nails were digging into John’s back because it all wouldn’t matter in a moment when he
“It’s complicated.”  John cut him off.
“I didn’t know you danced.”
...”  John felt his temper rising and his heart beat quickening as if he was panicking.  Oh gods was he going to have a panic attack?
“Tore them off.  It’s difficult and painful, but not technically impossible, and if you’re willing to destroy for your day job self-mutilation wouldn’t be that far-fetched.  The feather under the seat would be a residue of that.”
“Maybe he thought you’d already left.”
"John," he said quietly, eyes locked on John's lips.
They wouldn’t care if he just left then would they.  John spun round and stormed towards the bedroom, grabbing his coat.
“Murder John!”
“People?”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered between him and the laptop before landing on the laptop and the images on it.  To John’s surprise, his cheeks reddened.  Was Sherlock...blushing?
“No.  I just-  I’m going to need a minute,” John muttered, looking unsettled.
“John Watson,
Victor Trevor would definitely be deemed
“Why?”
Sherlock did not come home that night.  Or at least, John didn’t see him.  This may also have been because upon coming home, John went straight upstairs and pretended he wasn’t listening for the door slamming downstairs.
The route the mystery-Fallen was taking must have been written down for him step-by-step as no map would ever take them the twisting route he seemed to be following.  Sherlock, at ease with such diversions, seemed to follow easily, even when they lost sight of the hoody for a few moments, and John trusted him to keep them straight.
“Right, where are you then?”
You see, although he’d avoided detection himself, the Victoria Vigilante had gained some traction in the media.  He was by no means front page news anymore but every so often someone would credit him with a rescue (most people embellished the story a bit;
“No. I-“
Sherlock allowed himself a smirk.  John looked puzzled and Sherlock watched the cogs turning in his brain a while before replying.
Sherlock Holmes, the Sherlock Holmes,  was curled up against him, head pillowed on John’s chest, one arm curled wrapped loosely around his waist, legs pressed against John’s under the covers. His features were slack with sleep, almost alien in its vulnerability and openness and it was possibly that which cause Johns heart to hammer most.
Lestrade sighed.  “No one tells me anything at that bloody place.  Would have been useful to know we consult outside the force but no, I’ll continue to muddle on thank you very much.  Anyway, if he does alright with this, maybe I’ll let him have a go at the symbols thing, see if he can crack it.”
Sherlock pouted.  Suddenly all the nervous anticipation had seeped out of him and all he really wanted to do was snog his boyfriend and have a cup of tea.  He might even be tempted to watch a film.  “Well this way I know I have your full attention.”
John shook his head.  “Sherlock Holmes.  Go to your class.  I’ll be fine, won’t take me ten minutes.”
Another result that also stated ‘No results found.  Please contact Guards immediately.’
“Ta-da!” Sherlock said, leaping to his surprisingly steady feet.  He was now just in John’s vision.  The hope that flared in John was soon extinguished however by the door flying open.  Again.
“Donavon.  Yeah, we’ve got something.  Yeah, nesting protocol.  Alright thanks.”
To put it bluntly, it had been three months since they’d found themselves permanently in the land of the living and if Sherlock Holmes didn’t get into John Watson’s pants he was going to spontaneously combust.
“He didn’t go in?”
“-Which means you have an idea but don’t want to share it yet,” Mike cut in again.
There was an awkward silence from the other end.
“You just...jump.”
“Thanks.  We’re going to be fine aren't we?  Whatever he says?”  Gladstone whined, though whether it was in agreement or disapproval he couldn't tell.  Sherlock returned to his thoughts, wondering what the hell he was going to say.  He'd told John it was important because it was but now there was the added pressure of admitting it was important to him.  That he cared.  He really, really cared.
“Alright, but if all you need is a registration, can’t the Fallen’s in the Council’s register their souls and use it to funnel the other Fallen’s through?” Molly asked.
“The why doesn’t Jake just call the police on them?” Victor asked.
waiting for the Fallen, John took the car back and meandered his way home, and if he took the longer route, giving ample time for any certain person to arrive back in his flat, then that was just good luck.
.  He attempted to creep around the back to get a good look but a rouge tree branch cracking underfoot scuppered his plans.  Damn wildlife.
“It’s not a trick.  Its observation.  Its learning about people and the way they act and the way they present themselves and using it as a code, as a guidebook.  People think they can hide things and some get very close but there will always be a tell,
January.”
Sherlock was confused when he woke up.  He was aware he was hot, mainly because the body under him was like a furnace.  It was also comfortable however and as his limbs were unwilling to cooperate he nuzzled in and let himself doze.
He shouldn’t.
“Well I’ll settle for you instead,” she said, pushing the selection towards him.  He ignored the offering until she busied herself with glaring pointedly at the dust on the bookshelf before swiping the digestives.
“Hey what’s that look for?” John said sleepily, stroking a thumb across his right cheekbone.  Sherlock hadn’t realised his worry was quite that obvious.  He couldn’t help but push into John’s hand, the movement reassuring and gentle.  John would look after him, he knew that on some level, no matter what this was.  Which speaking of-
Fallen’s, the actual under-world Fallen’s had taken the Council.  And somehow he was supposed to rescue John from all this.
There was still one pressing thing John wanted to know.  “So why do we need the car?”
John's mind was made up.  To be fair it had been made up the first time he'd seen him so it wasn't that difficult a decision to come to.  "Okay then."
.  He still likes you though.”
"I don't think my girlfriend would be as keen on the idea," Irene said casually and Bill's face blushed bright red.  John considered it karma for the lover boy comment.  Also Bill had never worked out how to be quiet and this might just teach him something.
Raz sighed.  “To get your attention.”  Then he glared at the ceiling and said “Oh shit.”
Later, Sherlock would wonder what he would have said in reply, how he would have freed them both as well as ensuring evil did not descend to the world of man.  Perhaps he would have let Earth fall in order to protect John.  However, that would be later.
Luckily for John he had time for these thoughts as the other occupants of the alley were busy.  “Going somewhere?” rumbled the Fallen’s deep voice.
He was halfway down the corridor when Lestrade shouted back at him “What do you mean you know people?”
The good news was that Sherlock was amazing and interesting and fascinating.  In fact John was running out of adjectives to describe him.  It turned out they could of run into each other sooner.  Sherlock was studying Chemistry at Barts and used the labs at will when he wasn't running after the police correcting their mistakes, whether they wanted his help or not.
“Yeah?” John said, shrugging off his jacket and walking forward to run his hands over Sherlock’s arms up to his shoulders.
Sherlock’s smile was the dictionary-definition of smug.  “Who else indeed.  I think this might have just proved my theory John.”
“To interrupt my work?” Sherlock glanced over the lab desk to the doorway, then pointedly returned to whatever he was doing before the interruption.
“Yes.  Why do people keep asking me that?” he snapped, still eyeing the portal warily.
Hello! Sorry about the delay on this chapter.  Last week got a little crazy and so here's an extra long chapter to say sorry about that (plus actual case work!).  On the other hand, it was my birthday last Friday so I'm finally 18 which in England means it's time to party :P
Lestrade tried to speak but John held up a hand.  “I’m going home.  Just leave it alright?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “I’m sure I’ll do fine.”  His occasional runs around London were good for something at least and he still remembered his boxing training from school.
“What is all this?”
At the end, he and Mike wandered over to the cafeteria area, along with the general swarm of other students.
“No,” Sherlock shouted, his head snapping up.  “I’ll take it, though I still don’t see what you want.”
Sherlock looked at him then, with a small, lopsided, genuine smile.  “Thank you, John.”  Because there was the mystery of Sherlock Holmes that John felt he had to unravel and
John nodded wisely.  “It’s your age.”
“Ah good morning sleeping beauty,” Lestrade’s cheerful voice sounded from the front of the car.
“OH MY GOD!”
“We’re never going to fit on that.”
Phone Call Number 3:
Raz shook his head.  Sherlock kept staring.
Sherlock smirked slightly and playfully said, “You worried people will talk?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Despite the fact he should have replied with “We don’t always get what we want,” he instead replied “Alright.”
would be there- No. He had to keep his control, just for a while longer. Just until he knew where he stood.
Lestrade smiled.  “Friends Sherlock.  Me and John are friends.  I know you know this.  And, like I said, I trust you because he trusts you and you care about him.  We’re going to find him and he’s going to be fine.  Call it a hunch,” Lestrade said as Sherlock went to protest his naive declaration.  Instead Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Plus, John is not exactly a wilting maiden.  I’m sure he can handle himself until we get to him.  Now, repeat after me: He’s going to be fine.”
to someone.  I’m merely surprised someone is actively looking for it.”
John saw Mrs Hudson try not the laugh as Sherlock quickly covered by saying “I was going to tidy up,” and picked up a stack of papers on the floor only to leave them on a desk, as if that made them sorted.  Perhaps it did.  Well it wasn’t like he had a lot to move in anyway.
“By who?”
“Nothing spectacular I should warn you now but I’m sure we’ll have a good time,” Sherlock smiled up at him, the one, rare, genuine smile that betrayed his happiness.
Molly stared at him, concerned, but decided it wasn’t worth the fight.  “Fine.  Keep us posted okay?”
Raz was taken into custody and set up in an interview room.  Behind the one-way mirror, a conference gathered.  Lestrade was pacing.  Sherlock still looked bored but had moved his hands to their steepled position, fingertips resting on his chin which betrayed his interest.  And John was ignoring both of them and started looking at their suspect.  Surprisingly, John realised this was the first opportunity to get a good look at him.
“Like Elmer.”
“Well there’s a second bedroom.”  His inner voice of reason had given up chastising him at this point.  Clearly, he was beyond hope and the only cure was to hit his head against a wall and pray he wouldn’t remember being so damn
“Morning sleepyhead,” a grumbled voice said in his general direction.  Sherlock tried to get his eyes to focus.  It was difficult with one of his eyes covered by a cushion.  The form of Jasmine sprawled on the opposite sofa merged into view.  He attempted to say “I feel like I’m dying.”  What actually came out of his mouth was “nugh.”
The doorbell rang.  Gladstone barked on instinct and skipped to the door.  In contrast, his master froze next to the mirror and looked a mixture of terrified and excited.  Everything was still upstairs for a moment as Biscuit Lady went for the door.
John giggled before replying “Yes?”
“A murder John, a real actual murder.”
“Yeah, this is Watson requesting back-up.”
“I have a feeling,” Sherlock spat out the word, hating the notion that he didn’t know something, “that something…bad is going to happen.  And I think you are being targeted.”
“And he caused the roof to cave in.”
The rugby crew had also noticed.  Some of the lads were walking a different way back from practice and happened to walk by the café at John's peak pining time.  They had not embarrassed him there and then but the ribbing he got at the next practice was fairly brutal to make up for their kindness earlier.
have.  The potential was still there.”  The knot of worry that he had become so accustomed to ignoring squeezed his chest.  He had known John was in trouble and what had he done, really, to prevent it?  How could John say he loved someone who would do that to him?
Sherlock tilted his head to the side again in question.  He was going to have to control the urge to run his fingers through those curls.
“I was just fine thank you.”  He was possibly dying but Molly didn’t need to know that.
So treat-and-spying Friday coffee became talking-to-Sherlock-and-trying-to-control-his-crush coffee.
Yep.  That would do it.  John let out a noise somewhere between a whimper and a groan, a noise that said
“That’s terrible reasoning John,” Sherlock said.
It was as he rounded the corner that he realised he was going to be stuck in a car, possibly for several hours with both of them.
John.  His perfect, intriguing John, who thought he was brilliant and didn’t think he observation skills were weird or annoying or any of the countless adjectives used to describe it.  His brave John who had decided that, after everything that happened last year, he would become a human doctor, using his old skills from his Healing days with his new found interest in human biology.  Best of all, was the fact that after a year of being either under the same roof as both Sherlock’s relatives, or agonising miles apart due to Sherlock needing to go back to school (
“Little tied up here Sherlock.”
“Not at the moment no.”
He ruffled his feathers, flicked up his collar as if sheer force of will would change the results, and stalked over to the computer next to Molly’s.
“It isn’t, I mean, I don’t know how much you saw but, it’s not, I mean,” Sherlock stammered.  John found it both endearing and alarming in equal measure.  “It’s not what it looks like.”  He finally stated and then crossed his arms huffily.
So apparently his brain had decided now would be a great time to take a holiday in Paraguay and had left him with whatever mess was currently guiding his reactions.  He had to get it together but that was easier said than done.
you drink so much you start hearing colours and forget everything anyway."
He blinked rapidly.  “
“Fuck,” he said to the empty room.  He was sprawled out and he could have fallen asleep right then.  But his room was cold and he began shivering, so he crawled under the sheets, shoved his top and jeans off, and rolled onto his side, and tried desperately not to think about what any of it meant.
The loss of his John’s body heat makes it worse, the shuddering and Sherlock would make a noise if he remembered how. Even John smudging a kiss onto his shoulder wasn’t enough. His world splinters more and he can’t contain everything he’s feeling, all the things he’d locked away because he
“Who’s this?” Lestrade asked, bobbing his head towards the blonde, at the exact same time as Sally spluttered “You’re an Omega?”
Sherlock scowled.  “What was it?”
John stared.  Sherlock supposed it was a common reaction to hearing what sounded like a random assortment of consonants and vowels yelled at you.
John stuck his tongue out at him because it was nearly midnight on a cold street in London and he didn’t know what else to do.  Because what the hell was that?  It was good.  It was for the case.  Did he want it to happen again?  Irrelevant surely because Sherlock didn’t think anything of it.  Did he?  No, no he couldn’t.  For fuck’s sake Watson, concentrate.
Northumbland Fusiliers, at your service," John added with a nod of his head.
Sherlock did not like Mallory.
“Stop that.  You know it freaks me out.  You’re not my real mum.  Just shut up!”
“Favourite breed of dog?”
“You never said.”
Delicacy was not the object here but as they hared up the flight, John attempted to lessen the sound of stampeding elephants.  He didn’t spare a glance for the bedroom they sprinted through, his only focus how quickly Sherlock was opening the window and thus how fast they could make their escape.  As Sherlock went first, John listened as the person downstairs shouted “Hello?”
“You were related to him?” Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock as he tried to find some similarity between the two men.
