He jumps backwards when he realizes Steve is still standing right in the doorframe, frozen with his eyes on Tony. “Wow,” Steve stutters out. “You look- good. It’s a, uh, nice suit.”
Tony knows that Steve probably knows-- when they were planning the bachelorette, he never once brought up purchasing alcohol or hiring a bartender. It’s Sharon’s doing, of course, but it made things just a little easier on Tony, which was nice.
making, knowing it’s the best one imaginable and not needing anyone else to guide her there. Always so independent, but never alone, either; Tony steps forward to take her bouquet, and she thanks him quietly.
Someone groans, and a strong arm tightens around Tony’s waist, leading to his brain suddenly unfogging as recognition clicks into place. Steve stayed the night at his place, and it brings a sappy, uncontrollable smile to his face. He buries his face into the pillow to hide it as Steve slowly sits up just enough to look down at him.
They decide to leave Tony’s car at the hotel and take the T to get to brunch so that he doesn’t have to pay for parking. Because the Boston public transit system is light years ahead of the New York Subway, and no, Tony isn’t biased at all, they arrive on time, meeting up with the ladies outside the restaurant. There is a round of more hugs, particularly between Peggy and Steve, who dwarfs her but still looks like he can’t breathe in her embrace. Natasha and Steve have met before, but only briefly a couple times, so they shake hands and exchange pleasantries too.
“You kind of sound like you just want to have naked ladies there.” He doesn’t sound judgemental, but he also clearly isn’t purely cracking a joke for the joy of it. Tony isn’t quite sure what to make of that.
“Okay, before you guys go in,” Tony says, halting Sharon and Tash as the rest of the bridal party continues through the doors into the reception hall. “Steve and I sort of want to preface our surprise gift, so that you understand it before you see it.”
She scoffs. “Whatever, don’t take my advice. Go over there and pick which of Peggy’s rings I should wear for my something old.”
“I have to work on our surprise, which may I remind you that you have to contribute to,” Steve says, giving him a stern look.
“I dunno. You seem like the type to drop bread on the ground to make a bunch of them come to you, and then start running around and screaming and waving your arms to scare them off again.”
“No it’s not,” Tony argues, “because there’s no way he likes me back. We literally just met for the first time on Thursday. Why am I like this? Why, Carol?”
“You’re an amazing artist, Steve,” Tony tells him. “You’re really, really talented. I hope the reason that you’re staying at your boring job is really about finances, like you claim, and not because you think you’re not good enough.”
“I’m gonna go get food,” Tony says, to make stepping away even more casual. The reception is buffet-style, with all sorts of different food options to appease the picky, and Tony has had his eye on the make-your-own tacos since they did food tasting months ago. “Hope to see you on the dancefloor later.”
Hands immediately flying up to bury themselves in Steve’s hair, Tony pushes as close to him as he can, wanting to feel his entire body against his own. Steve’s free hand drops to his neck, encircling the back of it and angling it up just a bit more as his tongue dips into Tony’s mouth. Tony’s can’t breathe, can’t think, he feels completely surrounded and all-encompassed by Steve, Steve,
And listen, Tony really wanted to hate the guy. For the better part of his adolescent and adult years, he'd harboured this gnawing resentment, wore it around like a badge — the same way Howard carried his obvious disappointment that Tony hadn't turned out anything like the good Captain. But something about the praise, so honest but so casual, appealed to Tony's childhood idolatry instead. It was probably just the adrenaline high, Tony assured himself. Or the fact that Cap had just saved his life a minute ago. Or the way his gaze, soft and keen, made Tony's heart stumble over a beat for the first time since he'd installed the arc reactor.
It seemed as though Steve had read his mind, because he supplied, “I saw a cave on the way here, while I was searching for you. It’s not too far off, and it didn’t seem like any creatures made a home of it yet.”
than enough, because Tony just smiles and shakes his head, barrelling on before Steve can get a word in edgewise. “But if you think I am, I trust you. And I’m gonna do everything I can to prove you right.
Tony huffed out a laugh, warm breath ghosting the nape of Steve’s neck. He tightened his hold around Steve’s middle. “Amazing work they’ve done. Getting us to sit next to each other at every possible meal, having us dice some firewood together. So romantic,” he murmured, planting a few lazy kisses where his lips could reach. “By the way, tearing apart that log with your bare hands? Oh, baby. Didn’t expect that to be as much of a turn-on as it was.” He sighed contently. “If only they could see us now. Spooning.”
“Of course,” Tony said dryly, leaning over to root through the glove compartment for a spare key to start up the ignition. All he found was a stick of gum and a pamphlet. The car ran on a track, so it didn’t actually require a driver, but that didn’t stop Tony from testing out each of the pedals, to no avail. They only had two ways of getting out of here: hotwire the car, or wait for the power to come back online. He was leaning toward the former, just because he knew it would piss Osborn off.  “And how much does a good old-fashioned F-bomb cost?”
“Ah, right,” he laughed, getting back to his feet. He made a grand, sweeping gesture toward Steve, hanging back by the entryway. “Guess who I ran into on the way here.”
believe in signs, there would be no doubt in his mind that fate or the cosmos or whatever cruel, eldritch god was ruling his life absolutely did not want him to propose to Steve.
Bruce shrugged like it wasn’t a big deal, but his smile betrayed the pride behind his expression. “I was thinking about trying for an eighth before— Well. Before.”
Osborn interjected before they could get too off-topic, but Tony made a mental note to talk to Bruce some more later. Maybe once they were stateside again. “And Mr. Stark—”
Living, breathing, impossible dinosaurs. As much as he wanted to fully appreciate the science that went into creating them, it was becoming more and more difficult the longer he spent on this godforsaken island.
“Right,” Tony replied dubiously. “But the thing is, Stark Industries doesn’t care about casual gene splicing, and Banner’s specialty is in nuclear physics. So I’ll ask again: why us?”
Tony looked up at him. “Sorry,” he said, and he really meant it too. “Worth a try. That was all a lie anyway, your papers were amazing.”
“You wanna play that game, big guy?” Tony says, almost challenging. He opens the sketchbook to a random page, holding it out for Steve to see, and of course, there’s a drawing of Tony smack-dab in the center. It’s a little eerie, actually, how Drawing Tony is wearing a nearly identical expression to Real Tony, smug smirk firmly in place, brow cocked and eyes full of mischief. “Because
It’s something he’s always wanted, deep down. But considering his track record with relationships, it never seemed possible until he met Tony.
It started when Steve and Tony woke up (read: Steve had to force Tony out of bed) to make breakfast for the Bartons and the rest of the team. Steve got dressed, Tony got decent, and they shuffled past Thor snoring on the couch and into the kitchen, where Fury stood, leaning against the counter and drinking orange juice like he’d been there all night. Steve wasn’t entirely sure he hadn’t. Either way, Fury was absolutely no help when it came to cooking up the eggs and bacon, which was saying a lot because even Tony pitched in some — by slipping bread in the toaster, drinking all the coffee, and overtly admiring Steve wearing an apron.
“I should make you a new suit,” Tony said, just to distract Steve as he peeled the combat pants, sticky with blood, past Steve’s knees and down to his ankles. “This one has no padding, the fabric is flimsy—” He patted the thigh of Steve’s good leg, prompting him to step out of his pants, then the same for the other, though Steve had to balance himself with a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “—and I could do so much better. Which you’ll just have to take my word for, I guess, since I don’t have any of my usual tricks and gizmos to show you. Alright, sit.”
For all that could be said about Isla Nublar, Tony had to admit, it was beautiful. From overhead, it was easier to make out the patches of dense forest scattering the island and the large empty fields, but the view was even better when they flitted through the rocky cliffs and past a hidden waterfall. And while Tony was definitely a big city kind of guy, born and raised, he did have a certain affinity for the tropics — sure, this wasn’t quite the Bahamas or Bora Bora, but it was at least a good sign after being promised an exciting getaway weekend. Maybe he’d even have enough time to make himself a Tom Collins and bask in the sun for a few hours, between dealing with Osborn’s increasingly worrying surprise and talking shop with Banner.
And it did, more than he cared to admit — when it rained, when he woke up crying, when someone yelled just a little too loud. Most of the time he could block it out, focus his attention on his work at SI, or being Iron Man, or, now,
Steve chuckles, shaking his head a little. “Just happy you’re home,” he says simply, trying not to sound as giddy as he feels; by the way Tony’s expression softens from teasing to fond, he’s not quite sure he’s managed it.
Thankfully, Steve interjected before Tony could ramble long into the night, the worry in his expression making way for something closer to bemusement. “You’re hurt,” he said simply, and before Tony could shove his foot further into his mouth, motioned toward his ribs.
The tour picked right back up the next day, and by noon Tony had showered, dressed, and made the most of the brunch buffet. Had he been back in New York, he was sure Pepper would’ve been proud of him for waking up before two in the afternoon, but here, he couldn’t even call her, what with the lack of cell reception on the island. (Tony had long stopped actively looking for red flags about this whole trip; they seemed to just reveal themselves to him at inopportune moments.) Of course, he could’ve rigged something up, between his state-of-the-art StarkPhone and the armour he’d brought, but he’d been so exhausted last night that he barely managed to send out an admittedly impulsive SOS to SHIELD before he passed out on the bed, three-piece suit and all.
And Tony absolutely hated having to drag him into this, into all of the issues he’d tried so hard to hide, but what he hated even more was how Steve’s gentle coaching actually helped. It died down after a while, after it seemed like Tony’s breaths had steadied, and the subsequent stretch of silence was only broken by a quiet, tentative, “Want to talk about it?”
“Alright, there you go,” Steve said, smoothing down the tape around the gauze. If he lingered a bit longer than necessary, Tony didn’t mention it. He cocked his head slightly, searching Tony’s face. A pinch appeared between his brows. “You okay?”
“Run!” he whispered. This time the boys had no trouble sprinting off to the dense forested area off to the left, Tony less than a pace behind them, as the T-Rex slowly turned to watch the bright light of the phone soar impressively in the air, enraptured and inquisitive. It took a couple steps toward the device, giving it a thorough sniff and a nudge of its nose before ultimately deeming it inedible and therefore unimportant.
“Okay, whoa, slow down a sec,” Tony interjected, just as Steve pulled a compass out of a hidden pocket over his breast, a baggie of granola from an otherwise empty holster on his thigh. Amazingly, there wasn’t even a speck of blood on the Ziplock, and Tony was reminded about how he hadn’t eaten since he and Bruce kicked in a vending machine right after that first velociraptor attack. “Stop that. How— What? Where are you even storing all of this? Actually, you know what? Don’t tell me. What’s with the breath mints?”
All he got in response was a confused, tired, “Huh?” But it sounded human, so Tony took what he could get.
And Tony was fully prepared to agree, even though this was, so far, the only dinosaur they’d seen near the coast, on the smallest off-chance that there’d be more around. Pack animals, they wouldn’t leave one of their young by itself like that. Others had to be nearby, somewhere.
He let out a miserable, heaving sob, hot tears running down his cheeks, his throat stinging, as he wrapped his arms around his legs, tight, as if he could somehow make himself smaller and smaller until he eventually disappeared. For this whole goddamn weekend, he’d been holding it together, for the others if not himself, but now it was like something finally snapped inside of him, like he’d broken an emotional dam, and once he started to cry, he didn’t have the strength to make himself stop. He wasn’t even sure that he wanted to — it felt good, in a strange, cathartic kind of way, to finally let it all out.
Steve snorted, but the laugh died on his lips a moment later as he searched Tony’s face, mouth agape and eyes wide. “Wait, I— You’re serious?” he said, propping himself up on an elbow, quick enough that the movement made the bed springs creak. “I swear to God, if you’re joking right now…”
Steve slips into an oversized t-shirt and a pair of pajama pants, turned away from Tony with the excuse of modesty. Really, he just doesn’t want to look him in the eyes as he says, “Sorry, I’m just tired today, that’s all.”
“Hey, it’s okay, you’re okay,” Steve was saying, repeating it like a mantra. It sounded practiced, but no less sincere, and Tony couldn’t help but wonder exactly how long Steve had been trying to comfort him. “I’m right here with you, everything’s gonna be alright. We’re in a cave in Isla Nublar. You were having a bad dream, but you’re safe now.”
“Okay, so, full disclosure, I haven’t done this before,” Tony said, which maybe wasn’t the greatest thing to hear from someone who was about to do (albeit, very minor) surgery, but hey, it was either run his mouth or get a little too lost in his own head, and this seemed like the lesser of two evils. “I mean, you know. Giving someone stitches. Done a couple medical procedures, but they’ve been on myself, and once I ended up going into cardiac arrest—”
“Oh. Oh, god, okay, just— I’ll be right back,” he said, belatedly, as he nearly tripped over himself in his haste to fetch an inhaler from the ensuite bathroom. He settled back down beside Steve, one hand holding the inhaler in front of his face as he took a big puff, the other rubbing soothingly over his boyfriend’s back. “Hey, it’s okay, deep breaths, in and out.”
Tony shook their little hands, offered them each a smile, and plotted as many ways as he could to get off this godforsaken island.
It made Tony's stomach lurch, just a little; his body had a very particular reaction to the sound of gunfire in a cave.
It wasn't for a few seconds that he realized he was moving, being dragged slowly in the windy depths of--
The effects of electrocution would pass, he knew that, but now Steve was twitching and shaking and he still had to get the Reactor back in.  He could barely move and his hand was, naturally, severely burnt, but he didn't have to go far; he dropped involuntarily onto his side, grabbed hold of Tony's shoulder and pulled him close when he couldn't get his legs to take him any further.
"No, no.  Well, that too, but I mean..."  Steve swallows, and turns a little so that he can face Tony properly.  "For underestimating you.  When we were out there I was so busy being sure of myself, you got hurt, and when it got real bad... Tony, you
“Best ice cream in town. It'll double as an educational outing, too, lots of their flavors are puns on stuff you slept through, Capsicle.” Tony beamed, apparently finding this genius. “Actually.. JARVIS? Gimme Wikipedia on this window. And order us a pizza-- no, two, extra large, half everything, half.. uh.. everything else, extra everything, stuffed crust, and ask them very nicely not to fuck us on the breadsticks. Use that word, too, no Auto-Correct. Under special notes, quote, “do not f-u-c-k us on the b-r-e-a-d-s-t-i-c-k-s please”, end quote.”
"And you're not going to like this plan, because it involves making you touch weird future science stuff and I know you're not big on that, but we're at kind of a low point here. You with me?"
For now, there's an unfamiliar genius dozing on his shoulder as the sun comes up over an unfamiliar city, and for the first time in a long time, he feels like it's okay to get to know them both.
"I'm pretty sure we're in Germany, or maybe Austria. I'm also pretty sure I know that lake."  He sounded more than a little stricken by this, because he had grown very accustomed to familiar things being completely unrecognizable.  But the thing about mountain ranges is that they take much longer than seventy years to change on a grand scale, and Steve had flown over the Northern Limestone Alps, seen them on every kind of map, studied them over and over in the course of hitting Hydra's weapon plants.  It was the closest thing to certainty he had anymore, so he clung to it, and tried very hard not to think of Bucky.   He started down with a couple of cautious footsteps.  "Are you coming, or are you just gonna stand there like a bump on a pickle?"
And then, one Saturday night, Steve Rogers wanders down a street and, perfectly oblivious, passses by a dance club, one with proudly flying rainbow flags and a leather-clad bouncer who hands out condoms. Tony almost spits out his coffee.
Since then he'd tried to be more considerate; he waited for Tony to give him the go-ahead before he gave out the battle orders. If there was something he didn't understand, he kept his mouth shut and let more educated heads have their say before he asked questions.
.  And although he knew he shouldn't jostle him too much, he couldn't stop himself putting his hands on Tony's shoulders and looking him over thoroughly for damage.  "Man alive, you're a mess."
At any other time, Tony might have questioned Steve's ability to navigate by landmark, but the fact of the matter was that they didn't have a way to call anybody to tell them where they were, the lab might be on fire, and at roughly ten thousand feet above sea level in the middle of November, it was cold enough to warrant serious concern.   So he nodded instead.
“Well.” Tony knocked back his fourth glass and, perhaps taking a cue from their thunder-god friend, threw the empty tumbler into the fireplace. It shattered in a satisfying burst that made Steve jump a little in his seat. “...That changes, starting today.” He flopped back into the couch, more than slightly tipsy. “Stay here tonight. Stay here and tomorrow, we'll have a better day. JARVIS? When was Ben & Jerry's invented?”
Just a tap wasn't going to do it, it wasn't enough. So Steve held his breath, and held the metal plates tight against the knife.  The electricity rocketed through his nerves, and he could feel his muscles clench around the Reactor and the knife, but this time it was a flurry of pops, snapping and cracking and blowing sparks everywhere until the metal flared white-hot and the wood shavings exploded into a puff of fire and thin smoke.  The thinnest twigs erupted into strings of bright, burning orange, and Steve decided that was close enough.  The trench knife dropped into the fire pit, and slowly cooled.
Tony laughs, until that statement catches up with him.  "Serum.  You were the donor?"  And that makes sense; Steve still looks pale and drawn, long after he should have regenerated any injury he might have incurred.  They must have had to take quite a bit.
“...Clint and Natasha are overseas. Thor isn't back from Asgard. Bruce has enough problems. It didn't seem important enough to call Fury.”
After that, another blank, then it was warm blankets and Bruce's voice murmuring about medical things, body temperature and cell death and tissue breakdown. Steve, telling him it would be okay, and then a searing pain in all four limbs, and then darkness.
thought about it.  I don't want to get all sentimental-monologue-in-a-hospital on you or anything but it's.. it's like this:  I get what I want.  Nobody
“...You were shot, Cap.” Iron Man held an arm out as if he were half-offering a hug. Some thug put a bullet in you and you're asking if I'm all right? They hadn't flown together before, but he'd been prepared for the eventuality. “I'm taking you back to the Tower, we'll get that cleaned up.”
"I build lots of things."    Tony took it, and equally unsteadily, started surveying the trees closer to the rock wall, figuring those ones would be the best to cut up for firewood while he thought of a way to start an actual fire. In the dark. In the snow.  With not a lot of tools.
"I'm not in any pain. It's not slowing me down. Whatever happens to me, I'll get better eventually; what matters now is getting you somewhere safe."   Steve nudged a rock with his boot heel; it jostled a little, so he sidestepped to his right to find another way.
The words roll around in his head. They shouldn't bother him like they do. Sticks and stones and all that, it's wisdom for any age, but they spin and twist and cling with little barbs like the teeth of leeches. Howard would never have said those words, but he sounded so much like him in that moment. He'd thought they could have been friends.
When Steve had all but wrenched the tree out of the ground, he sat down and started stripping the ones Tony hadn't gotten to yet.  His fingers were painfully swollen with blisters, and yet he
The brush of frost-tipped hair against his face scratched like claws, but he was beyond caring about it anymore.   The darkness was tugging at him, familiar and safe in its nothingness; the fire was warm and the wind howled in the distance.  He'd done everything he could, he'd stuck to the plan. The rest was up to God, and so Steve watched the embers float up into the air, wishing he could remember the next line after "hallowed be Thy name".
It was sad, in its way; Tony had been building these things since he was small, way too small for it to be appropriate for even the nerdiest kid to be shut up indoors playing with sharp electrical things.   He couldn't help feeling like Tony had really just been trying to build himself some friends, so when Tony asked him if he wanted to be a second pair of hands for the latest Iron Man flight system test, Steve had volunteered, and he chose to interpret that as his first mistake.
Steve glowered sleepily at the cold pile of shavings and bark. "I don't have anything to start a fire with."
"...As long as you're alive, right? I'm sorry.  I knew the footing was bad, I should have said something immediately."
Tony dropped onto his knees as soon as it became feasible to do so, and when he went down, Steve went with him. For the first time in hours, the air was still enough that they could see each other's breath.
"Exhausted, but I didn't spend two hours completely exposed to the elements while unconscious.  Oh, and I'm not superhuman." Tony padded over and nudged Steve onto his back, and did not feel very comfortable with the bleary look on his face.  The parts of his skin that weren't wind burnt were puffy and ashen, and that was bad.  "Yeah, you're wanting to turn blue and the Serum's not letting you."
and did not make a great amount of sense.  And, as it further turned out, the closest thing Asgard had to aeronautics largely depended on atmospheric conditions that did not exist on Earth.  Also, it was magic.
it to me, but there are only a handful things in life I've ever wanted that I just wasn't capable of acquiring, and very recently? I got
Steve nodded, and made a point of slipping Tony's good arm around his shoulders to help him walk, surreptitiously setting the lion's share of the jacket across Tony's shoulders. "You're shivering."
“I know! I know.” Tony turned to face him, one ankle tucking under his knee as he did. “It's not fair. It's wrong, and I'm sorry.” And then, maybe not for the first time, but in his most successful attempt to be legitimately nice to someone yet, he refilled Steve's drink, gave him his full attention, and asked him, “How are you holding up?”
somewhere safe? You know something, I appreciate that sentiment, I really do, and I know we're all on the same world-saving hero team and everything, but could you
Steve had been listening to this with a dull ache in his chest. He'd always imagined Howard settling down one day; the bruised romantic in him had pictured it so clearly: Howard, meeting some sassy, sharp dame who made a respectable man out of him, marrying her in some beautiful cathedral, building a home with a bunker in the basement and blueprints instead of paintings on the walls. But he'd never imagined him as being much of a father; it killed him to know he'd been right.
"All right."  Steve steeled himself as best he could through the blood pounding in his ears;  a part of him insisted they could examine that exchange tomorrow. The better part of him said he had to make sure they'd
They didn't talk, beyond quiet directions from Steve where he was taking point.  He thought it was weird that Tony wasn't needling him or cracking wise, but he was more focused on getting them down this very high mountain safely than worrying about Tony's slightly warped sense of humor; it limited their communication to "Not here, it's not stable",  "Okay",  "There's a drop here",  "It evens out over there",  "Careful",  "I got it".   In a weird way, it was nice.
They passed a couple of caves, but thanks to military training and a kidnapping event, they both knew anyplace made of stone would be the worst possible shelter, and neither bothered pointing any of them out. Even if they weren't a bad idea, Steve would have been reluctant to make Tony actually go into one, anyway.  The wind and snow whipped around them in torrents, and before long, the light from the Arc Reactor was just an ambient glow that illuminated nothing in the white.
Just over Tony's shoulder, he could see the branches slowly igniting. The flames weren't high, but they were steadily consuming the wood stack.  Until he felt the heat on the wet-then-frozen legs of his slacks, he didn't realize he'd even been cold at all.  The adrenaline began to fade, and his stomach twisted with sudden nausea.
He found Steve ambling back to his little apartment over the gym. He wasn't limping. Given his healing factor and the density of his thigh muscles, the slug had probably been easy enough to just pick out with a fingernail and the healing factor could handle the rest; that, at least, Tony found marginally comforting. New York didn't exactly have the best reputation as a compassionate city, half the stories about corpses going unnoticed in public places for days or weeks probably had their roots in this town, but there was something specially revolting about watching Captain America, walking slowly across Manhattan, hands in his pockets and quietly bleeding.
The words flooded Steve's brain, tangling together in a knot before they got anywhere near his mouth.
Slowly, the wood shavings went into the shallow pit. It was an arduous process done with stiff fingers and improper tools, but it was done.  Unfortunately, it had eaten up a lot of time, and now they were faced with a new problem, on top of the worsening symptoms Tony had been keeping silent track of since they'd gotten into the trees.
almost jolted the reactor out of his hand, but it sprayed a handful of bright, white sparks and the blade flared, but the wood shavings didn't catch.  Another tap, another pop, and another, and after the fourth one it still wasn't working.  Each failure had Steve gritting his teeth and praying for the next one to work, trying to block out the thick gasps sounding behind him, and the hazy blur at the corners of his vision.
Around three o'clock, he waits on the blocks near schools and watches for cars that don't belong there, watches the drivers with unflinching eyes. The unsavory ones who look too long with bad intentions, he sketches in a steno pad and writes down their license numbers and stops off at the police station. He occasionally finds kids hounded by bullies; he drives off the aggressors with his presence alone, and helps the injured ones up.
“Stay here tonight.” The words were out of his mouth almost before he finished the thought. “I... I'm bad, at talking, but-- I thought, if you were okay with it... we could talk.”
Tony swallowed, and curled in a little on himself to stop the shivering. He had to stay still for this next part.  "... Last time I had it ripped out, it was maybe... a minute, maybe two?"
“Don't apologize, none of this is your fault.” Tony knocked his glass back. “He used to tell stories—not to me, because he didn't talk to me if he could avoid it, but he told other people-- about Captain America and the Howling Commandos, and all these amazing adventures. Blowing up weapons depots and rescuing prisoners, doing what was right, upholding virtue and justice and hope. And the closer I got to your age, the more I disappointed him, no matter what I did, I couldn't live up to your example. And for a very long time, I didn't think you were even real.”
"Nothing I can't walk off, I'm pretty sure... what happened, exactly?"  Steve bent down to pick the jacket up, shake the snow out of it, and put it over Tony's shoulders as he went to walk with him. At least down here, the ground was riverbed-smooth.
Steve smiles the longer he listens, but when he takes too long to answer, Tony laughs uncomfortably.  "Sorry, that was a sentimental monologue in a hospital, wasn't it?"
Somehow, even dying of exposure and about to willingly submit himself to a cardiac episode, to Tony, hearing Steve drum up the energy to use his reassuring voice was weirdly soothing. If Captain America said he was going to be okay, he believed it. So he shut his eyes, and when he felt Steve's fingers pinch the wires that kept him alive, he held himself very still.   "Go."
Steve did. And all at once, Tony got a good, close look at his face. He was just... sad. This was a man who was slowly coming to terms with the fact that his life was over, that everyone he cared about was long gone while he was still young and beautiful; they'd even won the war without him. He had nothing but a few vintage toys to salve the wounds, and even though the hole in his leg was closed, Steve Rogers was bleeding all over Tony's floor. He didn't ask for so much as a change of clothes; he didn't ask for anything. He just said thank you, and moved on.
He stared at his Contacts for a moment... and then his face seemed to fall, as if he suddenly realized that nothing on the screen meant anything to him. He closed it without calling anyone, just took off his jacket, tied it around his waist to hide the blood, and then continued on his way as if nothing had happened.
Finally, after God only knew how many hours of trudging through snow and bitterly cold gusts of wind, they literally stumbled into something much more preferable: a copse of spruce trees, grown thick enough that their branches practically interlocked, were competing for sunlight under an outcropping.  The ground between them was carpeted in what was probably years' worth of shed needles, aged to a brown, straw-like dryness.  Coming in out of the wind made it seem almost warm, and they were both grateful to get off of their blistered, aching feet.
“He did?” That seemed to put that genuine smile back on Steve's face. “I'd wondered if he'd... you know, forgotten me.”
They spent that evening shoulder to shoulder on the couch, surrounded by pizza and breadsticks they had very much not been fucked on, exposing Steve to the endless, circular Trivia Hell that is Wikipedia, projected onto a picture window that used to hold the New York skyline. When Tony was finally too sloshed to be able to focus on Wikipedia anymore, he switched to YouTube, and stuck to videos that were worth laughing at.
"You're not.  Your plan worked.  Dr. Banner says it probably saved our lives."  Steve stands up, and being the super-soldier that he is, of course he's perfectly fine. Maybe a little pale. "How are you feeling?"
"Playing it by ear, then."  Which meant "cautiously", as far as Steve went.  The sensible thing to do would be to head towards the lake, which probably at least had some evidence of civilization  there, possibly there were people living there now.  Normally he'd be content to wait for S.H.I.E.L.D. to come and locate them, but it might be awhile before anyone even noticed they were gone.  When Tony was holed up in the lab he could be down there for days.  Of course, if the lab had exploded, Pepper would probably find out before dark, but that help could be long in coming.
“... Not very well.” Steve took a long sip, enjoying the taste of the booze even though he knew it wouldn't affect him. “... There used to be an ice cream parlor that I would sneak off to, if I had a bad day and some extra money. I went there yesterday; now it's a jewelry store. At the time I laughed, because at least it's still a place you can take a girl to, right?” He smiles, and it quickly fades. “But it's gone. I had a whole life ahead of me, and everybody was saying it was seventy years back, but for me? It was a week ago. And then they wanted me to join the whole Avengers project, and I had no idea what to think, except Fury told me I'd be able to see Mister Stark.”
"Wires attached to plug, plug has metal bits, I got it."  Steve swallowed, and did not like Tony's expression at all.
Tony pointed to the spot inside the deep well in his chest; it was too dark to see into it, the wires just disappeared into it like snakes into a den.  He swallowed, and offered Steve a very frightened smile.
Tony laughs, and puts it on; it's a few sizes too big,  but it's warm-- and all it once it's much warmer, because Steve is hugging him close,  one hand in his hair and the other close around his waist, gently so as not to upset his cast.   And just as quickly, they let go, and Steve offers Tony his shoulder, so they can go see the rest of the team without him having to limp the whole way there.
If he'd had time to think about it, he would have told himself that Tony was used to falling long distances and could probably think his way out of it, or find a way to catch himself even without the suit, or something... but there was only the ravine, and the white, and the silence, and the little shower of gravel skidding down the cliff face as he jumped.
They took off into the sky without any further words, one thinking there was no reason to speak, the other having far, far too much to say.
"Yeah, well, sometimes it's like that."  One arm was clearly broken, an ugly, purple, unnatural bump where his wrist used to be; it looked like he'd set it himself but didn't have anything to brace it with; over the top of one of his sneakers, his ankle was swollen, probably a sprain.   His good arm seemed to be pulling the motorcycle jacket behind him, and with a complex tumble of guilt and gratitude, Steve realized Tony had used his jacket as a sled to drag him through the snow on a busted leg, and from the trail, he must have been doing it for some time. "Are
He'd admitted to himself that he was wrong about Stark, that for all his faults and his flippant, flashy attitude, he was willing to do what it took even as he was thinking on his feet. That deserved respect.
?"  Steve didn't let go; it left Tony curled up slightly against his chest; it might have been embarrassing if the genius half-propped in his lap didn't look so sick and so hurt and so scared.
“That's not fair to anybody, Stark.” Steve's voice was gentle, but the tension in his chest was clear in his tone. “Not to you. And not to me--”
He sat up sharply, rolled to his feet, and the figure dragging him stumbled a yard or so with the sudden slack:  a very haggard-looking Tony.
Steve turned the Reactor around to get a better look at the plug, and sure enough, a little row of tiny metal plates on the plastic facing stared back up at him.  It was alien and weird, but that didn't matter; Tony was nearly convulsing behind him, and the next step was going to be the easy one.
"I'm going to unplug this.  Once I do, the electromagnet in my chest is going to shut down, and I'm going to go into cardiac arrest, but I need you to
The plug slid into place, and there was the faint electric whine of the electromagnet waking up inside Tony's chest.  Somehow, even though it was just on the barest edges of his hearing, that sound filled Steve's ears as if he were underwater.   He listened for a heartbeat, for the hiss of air into Tony's lungs, but he couldn't hear anything but that thin, toneless, lonely little noise.
"Steve, would you just--"  And then Steve was breaking the branch off with his bare hands.  Nice to know he still had enough feeling in his hands for a grip, Tony figured.  The cracking wood sounded like gunfire as it echoed against the stone, even with the wind howling outside the trees.
The injury, as it turned out, wasn't bad. The healing factor had already kicked in, and although the bleeding hadn't stopped, the knitting muscle had already forced the offending bullet out; Steve offered Tony his leg, watching him gently dab at the wound with a cotton ball soaked in disinfectant, and found himself bemused.
Their first course of action was to locate the merchandise kiosk Bruce claimed he had passed by not too long ago, a round little hut standing a couple feet away from another outhouse. If there was one thing worse than going up against a gang of velociraptors, it was going up a gang of velociraptors while fully nude — or so Tony could imagine. Preventative measures, and all that.
Between the curious cock of Bruce’s head and Tony’s narrowed eyes, Osborn, thank God, could tell that neither were in the mood for mincing words. He set his fork down, took a deep breath, and said, matter-of-fact, “My lawyer is flying down here on Monday. In order for the park to officially open to the public, he requires one expert in a related field to sign off on it. Of Dr. Banner’s numerous PhDs—”
He’s absolutely captivated by the sight of Tony like this, completely in his element, and more than once he gets lost in the deep, rich brown of his eyes. Steve's heart hammers so loudly in his ears that he hardly hears what Tony’s saying, even with his enhanced senses, but he manages to catch a few words here and there.
It certainly doesn’t help that whenever he’s asked, a blush crawls up the side of Steve’s neck, a dopey little smile coming over his features, and he shakes his head as he stammers out a half-intelligible response.
He’s still not looking at him, but Steve’s been with Tony long enough to know that he’s standing in the doorway, debating whether to come closer or to leave some space between them.
“I already told you, Steve,” she said, pointedly ignoring her husband’s gaze darting between them, “it’s a secret family recipe. You want that lasagna again, you’re going to have to visit.”
“Let’s just call it a night,” Bruce suggested, around a yawn. “There’s nothing we can do about Steve until Thor gives us an update, and you can sleep off the next couple hours. How long did Scott say this would last? A day?”
The beach was on the way to the backup power generator, but before they could reach either destination, they were accosted. Again. By the same pack of velociraptors. Or at least Tony assumed it was the same pack — the one in front was especially eyeing him, like it wanted payback for being flipped like an extra in the
A part of Tony was glad that he didn’t have JARVIS with him for this particular fight; he didn’t want to know what his odds were here.
“To the lab,” Tony answered, without even stopping. Just because he had to answer honestly didn’t mean that Scott had to hear him. “Partly because Bruce and I need to figure out this whole Cap-getting-deserumed thing, and partly because I want to hide from everyone else so I don’t accidentally spill the beans on my plan to propose to Steve.”
Peter and Harry half-mumbled their assent, all but frozen in place. They were clinging on to each other like lifelines.
Steve, being the epitome of human perfection, just had to prove the fact every five minutes — and without even knowing that he was doing it, too. It should’ve been annoying, really, but Tony couldn’t help but find it all surprisingly endearing.
And that—sweet and sappy as it may have been—is enough for Tony’s smirk to lose some of its edge, softening into a small, smitten smile. “And you’re a sap,” he replies, coming over to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek and hand back the sketchbook. “I love it, though. Love you.”
Scott wasn’t nearly as optimistic. “Right,” he replied, dubiously, looking Tony up and down like he expected to see some kind of transformation take place before his very eyes. “Uh, how are you feeling, anyway?”
So, Tony was pretty sure he had died. Or was dying. Or hallucinating. Because when he looked up, there was Captain America himself, trying and struggling to fight off the remaining three dinosaurs, motioning desperately to the shield he must’ve just thrown.
He eyed the tall trees they were standing under, just at the edge of the underbrush, that opened up into a wide open plain next to them. “Do kids these days still like climbing trees?”
But just when Tony was about to pull out his own phone and tell Happy to send a jet for him, pronto, he glanced out the window and let his phone slip back into his pocket.
And for a short-lived moment there, as Tony surveyed the airship overhead, it didn’t feel as though the arc reactor was about to suddenly give out. But then he inhaled, exhaled, and the feeling returned to him, the bone-deep dread, the constant unease, the familiar tightness in his chest.
They may have been a hell of a lot smaller than the T-Rex, but were just as enthusiastic at the human buffet laid out in front of them, hissing and shrieking and growling at Tony and the boys. One after another, they’d leapt out from behind the nearby trees, and by the time Tony glanced around, trying to find an out, they were already surrounded. There was no hope of hiding from the velociraptors anyway, not with the mid-morning sun hanging high in the sky, blanketing the entire island in harsh, unfiltered light. They were stuck here, in the middle of a small clearing.
Tony shook his head fondly, his smile only growing as he held up the ring once more. “Steven Grant Rogers, will you marry me?”
So Tony wasn’t sure whether or not it was a relief that once they landed and he could take in his surroundings, he noticed that everything was stamped with the same brand:
In fact, Steve manages to make it through the rest of the day before he even reaches for his sketchbook again. He’s back in the penthouse, lounging around in front of the TV and waiting for Tony to get home from his board meeting so they can decide what to have for dinner, when Steve catches sight of the Manhattan skyline outside the floor-to-ceiling windows. It’s the same view he gets every day, of course, but there’s just something about the way the sun is setting in the background, the oranges and pinks and purples all bleeding together so beautifully, that makes his fingers itch to capture it on paper.
In their defence, spooning was one of the only ways they’d both fit on the bed. They’d tried every other position they could think of, not to mention a few they made up right on the spot. But this was nice enough, if not a bit of a tight squeeze. If Steve closed his eyes, he could pretend that Clint had much better taste in curtains and that the world wasn’t about to be taken over by a homicidal robot sometime soon.
Sometime during the middle of the flight, when Bruce and the kids had fallen asleep in their seats, Tony lightly elbowed Steve, offering his most dazzling grin. He wasn’t sure how charming it actually turned out to be, between the whole rugged mountain man look he was surely beginning to sport and the tired bags under his eyes, but Steve was still looking at him with that soft, earnest expression, like Tony was something special, so he assumed he was off to a good start.
And Tony wasn’t stupid either, so he’d brought along Mark V of the armor, the suitcase nondescript next to all his other luggage. He didn’t think he’d actually need it. And he certainly didn’t think, as Pepper gave him a hug goodbye at the airport, and Happy a cordial wave over the roof of the car, that it might be the last time he’d ever see either of them again.
“Alright, c’mon, we gotta go, chop chop,” Tony said, interrupting the boys’ yelling and crying—out of fear or pain, he wasn’t quite sure, but it made something in his chest clench up in worry either way—to gesture for them to take off their seatbelts. He helped them out, directing them out the windshield, first Harry, then Peter, just as the T-Rex let out a snarl and nudged the car again. Tony just barely made it out himself before the car was picked up once more and thoroughly shaken out, his briefcase flying out the window and into the T-Rex’s enclosure.
Tony counted again. There had been six before, but the other two were probably on bedrest after everything the Hulk had done during their last confrontation. Which evened out the odds from about a five percent success rate to maybe a seven or an eight.
Tony laughed, sheepishly, heart racing and palms starting to sweat as he realized Steve hadn’t given him an answer yet, and his anxiety translated into rambling. “Yeah, no, maybe it wasn’t the best idea to spring it on you like this. And, um. I’m not sure whether I should take the asthma attack as a good sign or a bad one,” he joked lightly, not knowing what to do with the ring, still in his grasp. “Uh, originally, I wanted to do something more… impressive. Something grand. And I was going to rent out a restaurant or fly you out to a private island, so,
The kids had stopped screaming, their sobs coming in much quieter now, but when Tony had shooed them off to hide out in the nearby outhouse he had spotted just a couple yards off the track while he dealt with the dino problem, they stubbornly refused, instead opting to duck behind Tony’s legs like a pair of toddlers as he slowly backed away. He considered running, but their odds didn’t seem too great: the T-Rex was bigger than them, faster, its natural instinct probably to give chase.
“No, no, it’s good. It feels… right.” Steve tore his adoring gaze away from the ring, to glance over at Tony instead. “I love it,” he murmured. “I love you.”
And while the whole scene did leave Tony taken aback, he quickly snapped out of it, picked up the shield, and threw it, just as he’d wanted to since he was five years old. It was heavier than it looked, but he got the job done well enough. Effortlessly, Cap reached out and caught it, slamming it against the throat of the nearest velociraptor until the creature was struggling for breath, and then lobbing it at the next one, catching it right in the chest. The last velociraptor snuck up on Cap from behind, but before Tony could call out some kind of warning, it shrieked, cuffing him in the shoulder.
They just needed to get back to the main building—or any building—dry off, warm up, and grab a bite to eat in the mess hall. Easy.
He fired, right at the dinosaur’s smug face, but the blast didn’t do much more than stun the creature. Until he realized afterwards, as it staggered around, tripping on the baby velociraptor chirping by its feet, that he must’ve temporarily blinded the creature.
These were the same people that didn’t catch a whiff of Bruce and Natasha’s budding romance even as it was being announced, so the bar for Steve’s expectations was only about an inch off the ground. He had to admit, though, it was nothing if not entertaining.
It became too much, too soon, the way Steve was looking at him with something like reverence, like wonder, and Tony wasn’t used to that. For all that people stared at him, even before his three-month nightmare in Afghanistan, it was never like this, never so soft and amazed and gentle, and Tony couldn’t take it anymore, lightly guiding Steve’s hand down toward his side instead.
Steve all but melts at the words, and just when he thinks he can’t possibly love Tony any more than he already does, he catches sight of an inscription written along the inside of the ring.
So it was only a matter of time before one of the velociraptors finally attacked, getting close enough to swipe a claw at him, catching him in the side, followed in succession by a swift kick that just narrowly missed his thigh. Tony reached out to touch the cut just under his ribs: it wasn’t deep, but his hand came back sticky with blood, and his shirt now had a long tear from the seam in his side right down to his navel.
Tony, without thinking, swooped in and grabbed the shield, slamming it down on the velociraptor’s back as hard as he could. The velociraptor cried out, and Tony backhanded the creature with the shield. It, like the others, dropped to the ground. He waited for a moment, but it didn’t get up again, just made low, gurgling sounds in the back of its throat, toes twitching, and Tony turned to Cap with a long exhale.
, who should probably not be here, and should definitely not be running through what amounted to a museum at breakneck speeds, all but tripping over themselves as they skidded to a halt exactly a foot in front of Osborn.
And he’s still getting used to that, calling Tony his fiancé. But Steve figures he shouldn’t worry too much about it, because soon enough—one week’s time—he’ll be able to call him his husband instead. The thought alone warms him from the inside-out, and a shiver of delight runs down his spine.
Four more, in rapid succession, and the velociraptors were on the ground, shaken up if not exactly wounded. But Tony would take what he could get, and before they had a chance to get back up, he reached over and gave Bruce a nudge. “Alright, go, now!”
By the end of it, Steve’s so keyed up, thinking that Tony, known for both his theatrics and his inability to stick to most plans, is going to propose sooner, that he all but jumps at every electric touch between them and lights up at every simple
There’s nothing particularly spectacular about the sight, save for the fact that it’s Tony, who looks picturesque in even the most ordinary moments, but Steve still opens his sketchbook to a fresh page, smooths it out, and begins to draw.
Tony stayed stock-still, hardly breathing. He was sure Steve could feel the hard thumping of his heart in its cage, making his chest shake with the force of it, but he was courteous enough not to say anything about it.
“Less sad now,” Bruce conceded. “Still scared shitless. Is there any way you can hurry up with that thing, because they’re getting kinda close—”
No more than a second after he’d entered the craft, a firm body was barrelling into Tony, strong arms wrapping around him and squeezing him just a little too tightly. Not that he minded; not when he knew that Bruce had made it back, limbs intact, smiling sheepishly as he pulled away, and Peter and Harry took his place, arms outstretched for a hug. Tony knelt down to scoop them into an embrace, letting out a breath of relief that tickled Peter’s hair.
And as Tony pulls out his phone to look through all the options on Postmates, throwing out suggestions every so often, Steve takes a moment to admire the sight: Tony’s profile, illuminated by the light of the screen; the brightness in his eyes every time he glances over; the way he bites his lip in thought, a small smile curling at the corners.
“Just because you’re making leaps and bounds, doesn’t mean they’re in the right direction,” he said firmly, and God, it was a miracle how Bruce hadn’t Hulked out yet, because Osborn could grate nerves like no one else. “Your scientists—” Tony waved his hand in the direction of the geneticists working, through the window “—were so preoccupied with whether or not they
To be honest, Steve’s more than a little stunned to find that he actually owns one—much less uses it—what with the amount of meetings he’s late to on a regular basis and the number of deadlines he misses entirely, and it’s the utter surprise that leads Steve to leaf through the first few pages. As he’s perusing (although there’s not really much more to see in Tony’s notes than things like:
his way out of this one. Whichever was more likely to get them out of this with all their limbs still attached to their bodies.
“Are you flirting?” Clint asked, sounding genuinely confused, then turned to whoever happened to be sitting beside him. Tony. “Is Cap flirting with my wife? Is she flirting with him?”
“That’s amazing, honey,” Steve says, and for a second there, the lingering disappointment flickers away, replaced with genuine delight at the news. He can tell by the look in Tony’s eyes that this is a project he’s immensely passionate about, and Steve tries to set his own feelings aside while they celebrate. “I’m really proud of you.”
“Good,” Tony breathed, beaming, and before Steve had a chance to say anything even remotely sentimental about that, he closed what little distance there was between them and pressed his lips to Steve’s. Just like before, Tony melted into it, forgetting for a moment about the park or Osborn or way his side still ached numbly, and giving himself over to Steve like he’d grown so used to doing in the last twenty-four hours. Steve held him like a fragile thing, kissed him softly and sweetly, and while usually Tony would’ve protested being treated so delicately, maybe it was just what he needed after the last couple days. Maybe it was what they both needed.
Any hope that Tony had of sneaking into bed unnoticed vanished in the next instant, as Steve murmured, “I didn’t think you’d come up tonight.”
Tony narrowed down his options in the split second as the velociraptor sprung toward him, the arc of its leap seeming to pass in slow motion as he tried to decide whether to duck or run, duck or run, duck or—
Steve complied easily enough, unfastening his fly and pushing his pants down to his knees, where he seemed to give up afterwards. He gestured vaguely to his feet. “Could you…?”
“Least I could do, Laura,” Steve assured, collecting the empty plates while everyone else remained seated, waiting for more coffee to brew. (They went through the stuff at a rampant rate — half the team was addicted and the other half was slowly but surely getting there.) “Although, if you really want to repay me…”
As for the rest of the Avengers, however, their downtime was not spent paying the Bartons back for room and board through whatever chores came their way. No, the rest of the team was busy scheming. Conspiring. Steve found it funny that for something he was almost positive was the product of two master assassins—trained for lives of stealth—they couldn’t have been more obvious about it.
Tony knew he shouldn’t interrupt when Steve was baring his soul to him like this, but he couldn’t help saying, “Hey, listen, Thor hasn’t found Loki yet, but he’s got a pretty good lead on where he might be. Said he’ll probably drag him down to Midgard by the end of the week, and you’ll be back to normal in no time.”
Steve furrowed his brows in confusion. “Of course I can w—” And, with way too much confidence for someone who just got stabbed in the leg by a velociraptor, took a step inland. He must’ve overestimated how much of his weight he could actually bear, because he immediately pitched forward, and if it hadn’t been for Tony’s quick reflexes, one hand flat on Steve’s chest, other arm winding around his waist, Steve would’ve fallen face-first into the sand.
Tony didn’t believe in signs. He did whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted, regardless of whether or not the universe seemed to approve. Which was a good thing, really, because if he
Bruce had tried to tie the jacket around his waist, but all that did was leave his ass hanging out like a flimsy hospital gown and send Tony into another fit of poorly-concealed laughter, so for most of the trek he just held it in front of him as he grumbled about Tetanus shots and how he wished the Hulk hadn’t ruined a perfectly good pair of shoes.
“Your big, green side kinda came out for a while,” Tony replied easily, shrugging out of his jacket and tossing it over to Bruce. “And then you saved my life. So. Thank you.” He paused. “Uh, one question, though. No, wait, two questions: where the hell did you get those shorts, and what happened to them?”
rolled into one. But maybe he had the wrong idea, maybe he’d misinterpreted all those subtle looks Steve had been sending his way all afternoon, because the kiss didn’t last longer than two seconds.
He ducked, moving into a smooth tuck and roll that barely got him past the sharp hooks of the velociraptor’s claws,
The Avengers started trickling in a little after nine, one after the other. First Thor, who woke up after Tony dropped a pan and subsequently exclaimed, “This is why I don’t cook!” Then Natasha, wrapped in a bathrobe, her hair dripping wet. Bruce, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. Laura, the kids, and finally Clint, in his underwear.
As if he could sense Tony’s doubts, Steve gave his hand a squeeze. “I mean it.” And because he was an absolute tease, and Tony absolutely smitten, Steve pressed a kiss to the tip of Tony’s nose, to his cheek, to the corner of his mouth. “As soon as we get off this island,” he said, firm, and it sounded like a promise.
“Alright, my turn,” Steve said, just as Tony was trying to pack everything back into the kit. It was somewhere around his fourth attempt, and he couldn’t help but marvel at—and curse—how Steve had even managed this in the first place.
It took Tony a moment to understand what Steve was asking, too preoccupied with how little those SHIELD-issued boxer-briefs left to the imagination. “Oh, yeah, sure,” he said, belatedly, dropping to his knees.
The prototype for the newest iteration of StarkPhone, the one Tony hadn’t officially sent in the specs to R&D for—even though Pepper had been on his case about it for weeks now—but was sitting idly in the pocket of his jeans. It was a goner anyway, between the crash and the heavy rainwater slowly but surely soaking his clothes (he’d finished the prototype mere hours before his trip here, he didn’t have the time to waterproof the damn thing), but it still weighed heavy on his heart to have to throw away something so ingenious. Nevertheless, considering the alternative was his life, he figured he could mourn its loss later.
“Look,” Peter said, sounding absolutely delighted, like he’d run into some adorable puppy on the street. “It’s like a tiny velociraptor.”
The restaurant serves an endless stream of breadsticks, the best mushroom risotto Steve’s ever tasted, and even though the wine doesn’t have any effect on him, it still pairs nicely with the meal. And anyway, Tony’s company is intoxicating enough: Steve’s already half-drunk on that brilliant pearly grin, and when Tony starts talking about some new venture at SI, it’s like his whole body lights up, more loose and relaxed and happy than he usually is, and Steve naturally follows suit.
There were two spare bedrooms, both identical in size and furniture like two copies of an IKEA showroom, and Steve and Tony claimed the one on the ground floor. It was modest, quaint, everything one would expect from a farmhouse like this. While homey, what really made Steve think of it as
A gauntlet, he realized upon closer inspection, taking a step forward without thinking. It was a little worse for wear, smashed up in some places, cracked in others, but it was, for the most part, still intact. Even one gauntlet was better than nothing.
He’s sketched Tony so many times that he can practically do it in his sleep — it takes only a couple minutes for him to draft his outline, filling it in with the smaller details afterwards. He casts his face in the light from the fridge, illuminating his contemplative expression, Tony’s tongue poking out from between his teeth and a hand running through his hair. He does another sketch beside it, of Tony standing at the counter, making a sandwich. And a third, of Tony with his mouth full, gesticulating with his food as he talks.
And sure enough, Tony recognized the shape of one of SHIELD’s quinjets overhead, flying low as if about to land. It passed by them, no matter how much Bruce, Harry, and Peter jumped up and down, yelling and waving their arms wildly to catch its attention, and Tony, even though he shushed them immediately—an instinctive reaction already—was smiling too, gaze following its path. “The coast,” he said, ushering the others in the direction of the aircraft. For the first time since the helicopter landed on Isla Nublar, nearly two days ago to the hour now, Tony let out a breath of unadulterated relief. Something in his chest, just below the arc reactor, finally eased. “C’mon, they’re landing on the beach.”
It’s so adorable, imagining Tony doodling in his notebook like a lovestruck teenager, that when he actually sweeps into the kitchen a moment later, as if on cue, Steve’s still beaming like an idiot, admiring his ring.
expected and probably never would’ve in a million years, was for Steve to sigh, resigned and defeated, and tell him, “I’d understand, y’know. If you want to leave me, I’d get it.”
Clint was the first to break the silence. “How— I mean, how did we not know? First Banner and Romanoff, and now you guys? The fuck’s in the water here?”
Dinner that night was a quiet and tense affair, the silence only broken by the sounds of cutlery against plates and the loud chewing coming from Osborn’s end of the table. The kids had eaten earlier, and were probably in bed by now, leaving only Tony, Bruce, and Osborn.
Tony smiled, rewarding him with a kiss. “You wouldn’t be useless, y’know. And you’re definitely not weak,” he told Steve. “I mean, sure, you can’t deadlift four hundred pounds and now neither of us can reach the top shelf in the pantry, but you’re still smart and brave and the best tactician the team could ever dream of having. Being Cap isn’t what makes you strong, Steve, and it isn’t the reason I fell in love with you, either — you were strong on your own, before any of that happened. And even now, you’re still the same in all the ways that matter.”
I’ll marry you,” Steve answered, throwing his arms around Tony and pulling him close. “What kind of ridiculous question—”
On Sunday morning, when Steve wakes up to the feeling of Tony peppering kisses over the bridge of his nose, his cheeks, and down the column of his neck, he’s almost positive that it’s going to happen then, until the alarm goes off and they’re both called into a mission. On Tuesday night, when Tony asks JARVIS to play the best of Glenn Miller, gently coaxing Steve into a slow dance, a large part of him expects Tony to drop to one knee right on the living room rug. And again, on Thursday afternoon, when Tony stops in the middle of the sidewalk as they’re returning home from lunch, patting the pockets of his jacket — and while Steve lights up, waiting for him to pull out a little velvet box, it turns out Tony’s just left his wallet at the bistro and they have to go back.
There isn’t much that brings a blush to Tony’s cheeks, but that simple sentence never fails to do the trick. “How about some champagne?” he suggests, already flagging down the waiter. “Toast to a productive day at work — might as well commemorate the occasion while we can, it could be a while before it happens again.”
And, okay, admittedly, Tony may not have been as well-versed in the art of subtlety as previously thought, because Steve caught on right away, biting back a smile. “Mhm. Seems we are.”
Whatever it was, he didn't dwell. Meeting Cap—and, surprisingly, not loathing him on principle—was still far from the strangest thing that had happened this weekend. Not to mention, between their combined injuries and the carnivorous dinosaurs on the loose, they had much bigger fish to fry right now.
“Might be easier if you were on your stomach.” Tony stopped pressing the gauze to Steve’s calf so he could roll up the sleeves of his dress shirt, now spotted with blood. Whose, exactly, he wasn’t sure. He pulled out the suture kit, making sure everything was properly disinfected and ready to go, and then took a moment to psych himself up. Caves, unsurprisingly, had a pretty unnerving effect on him.
Tony clamped his mouth shut, only unclenching his teeth after a few seconds had gone by and he didn’t blurt out anything else. Ridiculously, his first thought on the matter was,
It must’ve been some kind of a battle cry, because in the next instant, the rest of the pack leapt to action.
Even without the truth serum apparently running through his system, Tony wouldn’t know how to answer that. He was tired and numb from being in the lab for so long, his vision starting to blur at the edges, his coordination off, his shoulders stiff from being hunched over his desk. His left leg had fallen asleep sometime during the conversation, the static, pins-and-needles feeling shooting up his calf whenever he so much as rolled his ankle. There was a crick in his neck that he hadn’t even noticed until now.
He’s not sure whether it’s a good sign or a bad one that he’s somehow, against all odds, managed to render Tony speechless, but it’s strange and a little uncomfortable and Steve can’t stand the suffocating silence so he fills it himself.
The hours passed by quicker than Tony realized, even though they didn’t end up actually spotting as many dinosaurs as they’d hoped for, and soon enough the clouds had disappeared, the sky darkening. The beginnings of a storm loomed overhead, raindrops just starting to drum against the windshield.
“I couldn’t lie to you right now even if I tried,” Tony reminded him. It wasn’t that Steve didn’t already know that—and if Tony knew anything about Bruce, it was that he would’ve been thorough, careful, when relaying all of the details of the truth serum—but he could understand that hearing something and believing it were two different things.
“Hey,” Bruce said, squinting upwards at the clear, cloudless sky above, one of his hands brimming his face to shield his eyes from the harsh afternoon sun, the other pointing almost excitedly at whatever he was staring at. “Hey, look! Your distress signal must’ve gotten through,” he said to Tony, a bright grin coming over his face. “They sent a rescue party to get us.”
Steve is bent over the railing, looking pensieve, when Tony pushes the door open and for a moment, the sounds of the party leak out into the peaceful night air. “Just me,” he says, when Steve glances over his shoulder, before shutting it again and coming to stand next to him. “Thanks for the shout out in your speech.”
doting boyfriends, aren’t you? Like, always keeping your arm over my shoulder in public and waxing poetic about the dreamy shade of my eyes as pillowtalk?”
“So- okay, I got disowned while I was in college, right? This isn’t the story, I just have to mention that because otherwise it doesn’t make sense. Luckily, MIT practically threw scholarship money at me so that I could stay, but I had to find a super cheap apartment, fast. Tash taught me how to use Craigslist, and I ended up at this place with four other guys who were definitely ex-convicts, which is, like, fine, but one of them sleepwalked into my bedroom sometimes, and whenever he did, he would steal something. I would wake up, and he’d be grabbing my watch off my dresser. He sleep-stole.”
Their plates are eventually cleared away and the night starts winding down, but Steve hangs back to catch up with some of his and Sharon’s family members. Natasha has to stay, too, out of obligation, but Tony escapes and decides to head home for the night. He’ll make apologies in the morning if anyone gets mad at him for running out, but he’s honestly just completely wiped after this whole day. He wants to sleep for a thousand years, and he probably would if it wasn’t his best friend’s wedding tomorrow.
Tony keeps his voice similarly quiet. “Really? Well, Natasha was calm and collected the whole time. Or at least, that’s what I’m supposed to tell people.”
, but when he brings this up Tash just starts calling him “bro of honor” instead and it becomes a running gag. He is also quite possibly the worst person on planet Earth to be entrusted with typical wedding duties like planning a bachelorette party, given his propensity to forget all names, dates, and small details that he really shouldn’t, but Tash counters this by saying that he’ll make up for it when they go dress shopping, since his fashion sense is better than anyone else she knows. She’s not wrong.
The frame that Tony constructed is made of a thousand little gears he bought from ACE Hardware, much to the checkout boy’s confusion. Meticulously spray-painted golden, from far away it looks like puzzle pieces fitting flawlessly together, although up close it gives more the impression of a haphazard amalgam. Nestled inside it is Steve’s painting, highlighted by the reflection of the metal parts against each other, showcasing two little girls. One is tall and blonde, dressed in overalls with scrapes and bruises on her legs, sitting in a picturesque forest and plucking at a bright red flower growing up in the ground right in front of her. The other has crimson hair pulled into a tight bun, and is hidden away in a snowy wonderland, standing up on the point of her ballerina shoes and stretching towards the shining sun, her back in a perfect curve and a tense expression of concentration on her face. They’re waiting for each other, reaching for each other.
“I think you know that you already have,” Natasha says, smiling sadly. “Be brave, Tony. Nothing good happens if you just sit around. Do you remember that I rejected Shar the first time she asked me out?”
Peggy tells her that she looks stunning, and that Sharon will be beside herself with tears when she sees Tash for the first time. Natasha simply agrees with her, grinning at herself in the mirror.
“You’re not allowed to fall asleep either, by the way. I’ll get jealous and then I will, too,” Tony tells him, voice raised over the music. He vaguely hears Steve’s tinkling laugh, and darts his eyes over to smile at him.
“My cousin,” Sharon laughs. “I haven’t seen him in a year, probably, but we talk as often as we can. He still lives down in Brooklyn, hating hipsters a little more every time a new one moves into his building. He’s like a miserable old man.”
“Sorry, you went to college when you were fourteen?” Steve’s head whips over to Tony, jaw gaping a little, as most people’s do when they learn this about him.
Tony sets down the microphone to polite clapping and even a little cheering, which makes him feel pretty good about what he said. He gets a group hug with Sharon and Tash, and a kiss on the side of the head from the latter. As he returns to his seat, he nonchalantly bends over Steve’s shoulder, and whispers, “Beat that.” Steve grins up at him, and pulls a little note card out of his pocket.
“I know how loyal you are to your girl Brooklyn,” Tony says, “so I’m glad you’re able to admit that.”
“What?” Tony sputters. “No. Definitely not. I haven’t told him, because he doesn’t like me back.” Natasha’s similar to Carol in that she doesn’t take any of Tony’s bullshit excuses. She gives him an incredulous look. “Fine, I’m
“Tony actually started college four years before me,” Natasha begins to explain. “So, we were both around eighteen, but I was taking an Intro to Computer Science class my first year at MIT and he was the TA. The year after that, he ditched me with two doctorate degrees in hand, but we stayed close.”
“Not yet. The AI part, yeah. But now we have to figure out how to employ the bots in practical ways so that they do what they’re designed to do without running into traffic or something. It’s an ongoing process, but the puzzle is why I love it. Puts my overwhelmingly large brain to use.”
“Is this going to be your new lockscreen, Steve?” Tony jokes. Steve doesn’t answer, which is very telling.
“I see how it is.” Natasha narrows her eyes at him. “You’re not getting any juicy honeymoon details, then.”
“They will,” Tony chastises. “So, you’ll probably be able to tell which part he did and which part I did-- duh, ‘cause I’m not an artist--”
In the car, Tony lets Steve pick the music, and then immediately regrets it when he turns on the eighties’ station. “You have dismal taste, Steve. I really want you to know how hard I’m restraining myself from changing the channel right now.”
In his heart, deep in his chest, there’s a pang that hurts him viscerally. And Tony knows what it means.
Tony hesitates. “Yeah. I came out, and they didn’t like it. But I guess things were always bad… before that.”
The walls are pretty bare, too, but that’s because all of Tony’s nerdy Star Trek posters are in his bedroom where he can appreciate them. The living room is his engineering zone, despite obviously not being built for that, and Tony sort of lives in fear of burning down the building and angering his landlord, Phil.
At first, Tony starts out hesitantly, not sure if Steve is just humouring him or if he even understands what Tony’s saying, but he appears raptly interested when Tony looks over, which encourages him to keep going. Steve cuts in to ask questions, sometimes, but other than that just lets him ramble, and the forty minutes passes by quickly.
“It’s true. Usually, I act as Tony’s voice of reason, conscience, and general life coach, but it’s been nice to have to burden off my back lately,” Natasha grins.
“So, what, you think having a boring job is the right thing to do? Your kids will never have to worry like you did, as long as they don’t notice that you’re totally miserable?”
Across the table, Steve acts like he’s not listening in to them, engaged in a conversation about the different types of crab with his Uncle Michael, but he’s smirking. “Actually, something tells me I’ll be the one trying to keep up with him,” Tony confesses to Natasha.
Tony is at a loss for words. He’s never even had a boyfriend willing to pack him lunch for work, let alone move to an entirely differently state for him. It’s absolutely insane for Steve to be suggesting this, really-- but then again, his explanation makes sense. He seems sure about it. If there’s ever a time to start over in a new area, it’s when you’re transitioning job fields. And honestly, hasn’t their entire relationship been a bit spur of the moment, despite Tony’s heart telling him that it’s been waiting a while for Steve to come along?
And maybe his bedside manner was a bit rusty, but at least it seemed to do the trick. Steve huffed out a breath, the barest hint of a laugh, and twisted around again to look over at Tony, one part incredulous and two parts amused. “Yeah right.”
The velociraptors were closing in, most of them slow, but the leader much more confident, taking enthusiastic leaps. By his calculations, they had about a minute to get the hell out of Dodge or risk being eaten alive. The thing was, they were surrounded on three sides, and as he backed up, Tony could feel the tide slosh against his ankles, soaking his shoes and socks enough that they squelched wetly with every retreating step.
“Oh, honey.” Tony didn’t know what to do except pull his boyfriend even closer, gently carding a hand through his hair as he just held him for a moment, pressing featherlight kisses to Steve’s face: his cheeks, his nose, over each closed eyelid as Steve tried fruitlessly to will away the tears already gathering in the corners of his eyes. “I promise, I’m not leaving you, and definitely not over something like this. You should know by now, I’m in this for the long haul.” Tentatively, he added, “Steve, sweetheart, can you look at me? Please? I’ve got something pretty important to say too, and I need to make sure you know.”
By now, the skepticism had worn off completely and the astonishment had begun to diminish, replacing itself with a kind of deep-seated dread that sunk its hooks right in the pit of Tony’s stomach. Even though they didn’t come across any disasters greater than an unresponsive vending machine as of yet, he couldn’t shake the feeling that one would surprise them sooner or later.
, was on the tip of his tongue, but as soon as Tony opened his mouth, the words that flew out instead were, “Like shit. I haven’t slept in days, and I’m pretty sure my body is trying to knock me out so it can finally have some rest.” Tony paused, replaying that in his mind once more to figure out if he’d actually said that. The look on Scott’s face told him that he probably did. “Usually I wouldn’t admit that out loud,” he added, the words escaping him of their own volition. “Or that.”
“See? What’d I tell you, it’s stupid,” he says, trying to keep his tone light, but something about it falls flat. Still, he decides to lay all his cards out on the table before he can talk himself out of it, and a little more seriously, Steve adds, “Listen, I know we’ve brought it up a few times before, but we’ve never, y’know, sat down and talked about when it might happen. We haven’t even really decided if it’s going to happen at all.” He reaches up to cup Tony’s cheek, searching his eyes as he keeps going, determined. “But I love you so much, Tony, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. It’s okay if you don’t want to get married, and it’s okay if you need some time to think about it, but I... just... What— What are you doing?”
“Oh God,” Bruce mumbled, rubbing a hand over his face, like he’d just woken up with the worst hangover of his life. “What happened?”
“Funny,” Tony said, going for dry instead of fond but missing the mark considerably. “Oh. Huh. Guess that means it really was.”
“If you’re all ready, we can head back to New York,” Coulson said, with more of a smile than Tony had ever seen on his face — it might’ve been disconcerting if Tony wasn’t too preoccupied jumping for joy on the inside.
And heads so far up their asses they couldn’t see what was right in front of them, because now, they were all at it again. Steve didn’t say anything, though he did give Tony a knowing smile hidden behind a mug of apple cider. He wanted to see how this would play out.
Faintly, he was aware of Bruce sitting down beside him, letting out a soft little, “Holy shit” under his breath. He seemed to have forgone blinking as his gaze tracked the Brachiosaurus, and for a moment there, neither of them even breathed.
Tony blinks, his hand pausing on Steve’s back. “Oh,” he says after a moment, his expression going slack, eyes wide and mouth agape. He swallows, licks his lips. “And you’re upset because you didn’t want me to, or because you did?”
There was one thing that hadn’t changed, despite Steve’s new size: they still fit perfectly together. It didn’t matter so much who was the big spoon or the little one, who was taller or stronger or heavier, when Tony tucked his nose against the nape of Steve’s neck, breathing in the familiar scent of his shampoo, it felt the same.
When they finally arrived at the kiosk, Tony and the kids gave Bruce some privacy to shop around, waiting for him on the other side of the path where they’d found a nearby tree to sit under. It was a clear day, no dinosaurs in sight, and while Tony had the niggling suspicion in the back of his mind that that would change sooner or later, the moment, here, under the cool shade of a conifer, was nice. He wouldn’t go so far as to say
But despite the poise and certainty he managed to feign for the others’ sake, it didn’t take more than a minute or two after their departure before Tony felt as though this might’ve been a terrible idea. The velociraptors were back on their feet quickly enough, and the repulsor was getting more sluggish after each shot, each beam less powerful than the last.
spiked your coffee with a truth serum.” He paused. “Actually, it was probably the equivalent of three truth serums, in total. I don’t know if that means it’ll be three times as strong, or if it’ll just last three times as long, but, yeah, it’s not good, either way.”
Tony thought back to his first meeting with Steve, the hours spent talking and playing doctor, the feeling of Steve’s lips on his, Steve’s hands brushing over the reactor, Steve’s fingers in his hair. Only belatedly did Tony notice Bruce gesturing to the tear in the side of his shirt, and he simply replied, “Oh, that. It’s kind of a long story, I’ll tell you when we’re back on home soil.” It was Tony’s turn to look at Bruce expectantly. “So, c’mon, don’t keep me in suspense. Did you get the power back on?”
Tony, gaze assessing, tried to figure out the best way to do this. Or maybe he was just buying time. Field surgery in the middle of unappealing caves was nothing new to him, but being on the other side of said surgery was. Which he tried not to think about, blinking back images of Yinsen leaning over him, expression twisted in sympathy, and rubbing at his chest, at the arc reactor, phantom pains of that first car battery coming back to him.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll pay as soon as we get out of here,” Tony promised, with a dismissive, hand-wavey gesture that he hoped they would realize meant
A flutter of wings filled the air, as dinosaurs in the treetops suddenly fled to the skies, and immediately after, dead silence. The wind whistled, after a long moment.
Around them, the sounds of the jungle’s steady breathing were strangely calming: the low, howling calls in the distance, the rustle of leaves below, the wind whispering through the trees. Like a lullaby, almost. His eyes slipped shut, though he kept listening for danger, and had almost drifted off by the time Harry murmured, “That’s another two dollars.”
and— And I don’t want you to have to take care of me, Tony. You’re already so busy doing so many amazing, wonderful, impossible things, and I’d just keep you from all that. I’d be a burden, don’t say I wouldn’t. And you just, you deserve so much better than that.”
But between trying to get Steve back to normal, assuring his sudden anxieties on the situation, and planning a proposal for the guy, Tony’s plate was already so full it was pretty much overflowing, and, as insane as it was, waiting for a truth serum to be flushed out of his system wasn’t even near the top of his priority list.
Well, not quite as bad. But definitely not anything he could suppress either, no matter how hard he tried.
And that was all Tony needed to know before he was reaching for the case in the passenger seat, but just as his fingertips brushed the handle, the car was suddenly pulled off the tracks, lifted about ten feet into the air, and unceremoniously dropped. It didn’t manage to quite stick the landing, and teetered onto its side. The T-Rex shoved the Jeep again with its massive snout, flipping the car twice more onto its other side, and Harry and Peter, who had so far stayed impressively quiet and calm about the whole thing, started screaming at the top of their lungs. This time, no amount of shushing could get them to shut up.
But he paused before he could get any words out, halting so suddenly that Harry all but barrelled into his legs. Because the thing in the velociraptor’s hands, bright and glinting under the hot sun, was a piece of the armour.
The idea of having any kind of relaxing experience here flew out the window pretty quickly though, when the helicopter soared over a clear meadow on its way to the landing pad. Walls had been erected into pens in the open areas — tall, thick walls, barbed at the top and electrified, and it seemed more and more likely that what Osborn had to show him was his own personal knock-off Alcatraz.
“Well, you missed my Uncle Michael completely bursting into tears when Sharon gave him a hug. I think you would’ve found that funny.”
“Boo,” Tony says flatly, coming up behind him. Steve jumps anyways, and it takes a second before recognition dawns in his eyes and he stops standing so defensively.
As people start to arrive, Tony moves into hosting duty, welcoming them and giving them the lay of the land. When Maria and Carol show up, he introduces them to Steve, and of course they get along swimmingly. He doesn’t know everyone, though, in particular Sharon’s work friends, who are just on the wrong side of scary and don’t really say anything at all when Tony comes up to say hi. In fact, they sort of stare him down menacingly until Steve comes up behind Tony and rescues him, shaking hands with all of them and herding them over to the snack table.
Steve heads down the hall to Sharon’s room, shooting Tony a thumbs-up for luck as he goes. As soon as Tony steps inside Tash’s room and is met with an explosion of makeup palettes and rejected accessories, he realizes he’ll need it.
Silently, Tony and Steve share the room and focus on their respective projects. It should be uncomfortable, working with someone else by your back, but it’s actually kind of nice. When Tony is home, he’s usually alone, so it’s a good change. Tash has renamed his apartment his “accident waiting to happen”, and mostly refuses to come over unless he really begs.
“I don’t think you’re a slacker. I’ve just been joking around with you, Tony, I hope you know that.” Steve’s tone couldn’t be more sincere, and he meets Tony’s eyes like it’s really important for him to understand this.
Eating breakfast in the car on the way to Steve’s hotel takes quite a bit of effort, but he ends up running a few minutes behind due to his absolute lack of desire to yank his own lazy ass out of bed, and he doesn’t want to have the punctuality debate with Steve again. He texts him to let him know he’s downstairs waiting, and Steve steps out of the revolving doors immediately, like he was waiting right inside for Tony to pull up. He probably was.
“You’re on,” he says, before stepping up to the microphone and clearing his throat. “Hi everyone. I see a lot of familiar faces in the crowd, but I’ll say anyways, I’m Steve Rogers, Sharon’s cousin… You know, I’m actually not quite sure why she asked me to be her best man. We’ve known each other since we were little, sure, but now, she lives here, and I’m still back in Brooklyn. I don’t get many vacation days, so I rarely come up to see her, and I’ve actually only met Natasha a handful of times before this weekend. So why me?
“Morning,” Steve greets, sliding into the passenger side and taking a quick glance to the backseat to make sure Tony remembered their gift from where it was left at his apartment yesterday.
“What Tony is trying to say,” Steve cuts in swiftly, his arm winding around Tony’s shoulders casually, “is that it was a labor of love on both our parts. I know I’m not always the best with words, so for me, at least, this was a way to put my love for you guys into something tangible, and memorable. It was Tony’s idea, a brilliant one, and… yeah. I had a lot of fun making it.”
“Tony, I have to say, this is not the party I expected you to put together,” Maria confesses. She works with Tash, so he peripherally knew her for a while, until she was officially inducted into their friend group when a guy tried to grab Natasha’s ass on the subway and Maria socked him in the jaw. Tony high-fived her afterwards.
“It’s sort of supposed to symbolize how you two are, like, great on your own, you’ve both accomplished so much in your lives and are such amazing women, but at the same time, you were always meant to be together. To support each other, and love each other. Personally, I think that having someone in your corner- it pushes you to do even better things,” Tony describes. Natasha tilts her head at him, the corner of her mouth twisted ever so slightly, like she knows exactly what he means even if he can’t say it quite right.
The water turns off after about five minutes, and Steve steps out of the bathroom, dripping a little but in the clothes he was wearing earlier. “Everything okay?” Tony asks, momentarily turning his attention from the pizza cupcake one baker is attempting to make.
Without alcohol and without strippers, it’s definitely not a typical bachelorette party, but there’s karaoke and other party games, and honestly, Tony knows that Tash and Sharon would both just appreciate a few hours spent with their friends after all the hectic wedding planning the last few months. Still, he doesn’t want it to feel lackluster, or like there’s something missing, so Steve had the inspired idea to rent a little speedboat, which he has a license to drive, apparently, and take it out on the water throughout the night on little jaunts around the Bay to look at the night lights of the city.
“Well, as much as I love making things all about me, you missed out on planning stuff with Sharon, too. She wanted you here ages ago, but you were always so swamped with work. At least doing the bachelorette party today worked out, I guess, cause getting all this together alone would have been so not fun.”
Later, when dinner has been served and Sharon and Tash are making their rounds, saying hi to guests and drawing their attention, Tony grabs Carol as nonchalantly as possible and pulls her outside, into the hallway and out of view of the ballroom.
Steve huffs out a long breath. “Kids seem pretty far away right now. I haven’t even had a date in a year.”
“You ass!” Natasha laughs, punching his shoulder. “I just said something so sweet to you, and that’s how you’re going to respond? I’m leaving. Have a nice night.”
He doesn’t say anything else, but his eyebrows pull together in a pensive way. Tony hopes Steve knows that despite all the teasing remarks about his job, enjoying your career is legitimately important to having a happy life, and without that piece, something will always feel missing.
“Not all of us are lucky enough to make a living off our passions. Good for you, though. Look, can we just drop it?”
“That we make good friends,” Steve says, knocking Tony’s elbow with his own. “You suffered through a day at the aquarium for me. I appreciate it. I probably would’ve just moped around my hotel room without you, and this is supposed to be a vacation for me.”
“I have to go get dressed. We’re leaving in twenty minutes,” Tony calls behind him, hurrying into his bedroom where he already has his suit laid out and ready for wear. Most of the time he alotted himself for getting ready is devoted to doing his hair, in an attempt to make it look as un-bedraggled as possible and, for once, not like he just rolled out of bed after a really wild sleep.
“It’s really sad that you consider a family gathering, of which you had to organize a significant part, a vacation,” Tony reminds him. “But I digress.”
They’ve lead really similar lives, in an odd way, which is maybe why they understand each other so well. Why Natasha gives him the ice cream first, and lets him pass it over to her when he’s good and ready.
“So without further ado…” Steve says, pushing open the hall doors just as someone inside announces on the microphone,
“Why’d you stop?” Steve complains, pushing himself up into a fully seated position, his arm pressing against Tony’s. “Something wrong? You know I get ready quickly, we won’t be late.”
“Lord, was that a euphemism?” She lowers her voice even more. “Is he a total bull in the sack? He seems the type.”
They check Steve into his hotel room at the swanky place Sharon and Tash chose to put up all the guests in. His jaw practically drops open at the lobby, with gold vintage furnishings and crystal chandeliers abound, let alone when they shuffle into the all-glass elevator with a view of the Bay as they head up to his suite.
It’s the nicest thing she’s ever said to him. He has to sniff hard to keep tears from falling, but his eyes water uncontrollably. “Yeah, okay.”
Tony falls silent. He knows Peggy is just being nice, trying to prompt him to launch into some knee-slapping story about his parents putting up with his antics when he was a toddler prodigy, but he actually doesn’t have any stories like that. The only thing that comes close is when he made his first circuit board at four years old, and thought his dad bringing a nice woman over to ask him questions about it and take his picture meant that maybe he’d finally done something prideworthy. He knows the truth, now, that Tony was never going to please Howard because Howard was just never going to care.
“I don’t know, I wouldn’t notice. Unless, oh my god, you’re a total screamer,” Tony suggests, wagging his eyebrows.
“I think that Sue is the makeup artist that you hired and you should let her do her job.” Tony nods to the blonde woman standing over Tash’s shoulders, and she snatches both tubes of lipstick away.
“Okay normally Tash would be the first one I tell but she’s otherwise occupied,” Tony begins, breathing heavily almost to the point of hyperventilating. Carol puts a hand on his shoulder worriedly, silently imploring him to speak. “I think I like Steve.”
“I mean, if you want,” Tony shrugs, playing it off just in case, although he figures there’s not much he won’t do to keep Steve around after last night. He thinks Steve might be feeling the same, if the twinkle in his expression is anything to go by.
“The only answer I could come up with was that maybe it was a thank you. When we were fourteen, in our freshman year at an overcrowded, underfunded New York public high school, she got her first boyfriend, this guy Logan. He was a perfectly nice guy, but she confessed to me, in our blanket fort for cousins only, that she just didn’t like him very much. Now, I had little to no information to go on, but I answered back, ‘Sharon, I’ve read about this thing on the Internet called a lesbian, and I think you might be it.’ Turns out, I was right, but we didn’t know that for sure until a few years later.” Tony chuckles along with the crowd at the story, turning to look at Sharon, who’s blushing and hiding a smile behind her hand, yet looking at Steve with inquisitive eyes. No one has any idea where he’s going with this.
“Hey!” Steve grins, holding a hand out for Tony to shake like they’re in a job interview or something. “Nice to actually meet you.”
They’re also holding hands, which Tony takes the most pleasure in. Natasha’s eyebrows shoot up when she sees it, clearly not ever thinking that Tony would actually take her advice and come out the other side successful. He casually takes his place at the table next to her, while Steve slips in directly opposite from him, enclosed by family members on both sides. Now would be a really bad time to play footsie, but Tony still feels the urge.
Smashing his face into Tony’s shoulder to quiet his laugh, Steve gives Tony’s bicep a squeeze with his other hand. When he pulls away, Tony feels bereft, as if Steve’s touch was fire on his ice-cold skin, and he craves to have it back. But Steve is straightening up, and the coordinator is waving at them to go, so Tony plasters a big smile on his face that surprisingly isn’t difficult to conjure, and they walk out into the aisle.
“I think you’re mixing up several different superstitions and then also adding your own spin on it,” Steve says. He moves to pull the handle of the car and step out, but waivers. “Hey, um, I know you said we have tomorrow morning free, but Sharon is tied up with some- wedding stuff, and believe it or not, I actually don’t know Boston all that well, so would you maybe want to show me around? We can do anything. I know you said you hate museums.”
He also gets pulled into other wedding planning duties that he really wasn’t intending to help with, such as hunting down addresses and picking fonts for the invitations, and touring vineyards upstate when it’s not too unbearably hot out. Admittedly, Tony does enjoy the cake tasting, though. He even gets to bring a slice home, and it’s what he takes for lunch to work the next day. All of his coworkers are jealous, especially Bruce, who got married to his high school sweetheart at city hall when they were nineteen and thus never had a proper wedding cake. Tony shares a tiny bit with him.
Steve gives him an incredulous look, but unzips his suitcase, grabs a plastic shower bag, and heads into the bathroom anyways. Tony texts Natasha to let her know that the eagle has landed, and then turns his attention to Jonathan Bennett and the frazzled competitors, each having a conniption fit about some little issues with the cupcakes that always go unnoticed at the end by the judges.
Meanwhile, Sharon and Natasha are both sobbing outright, each grabbing a handkerchief from the first person who offers and dabbing their eyes with it. “You two made that?” Sharon asks, her voice tinny from crying. “It’s so beautiful. I’m going to hang it above the fireplace, oh my god.”
“Thank you for taking me here today, Tony,” Steve says as they meander around the gift shop on their way out. Tony may or may not be buying a penguin keychain.
“Then it’s settled,” Steve agrees, as if he always knew Tony was going to say yes. Maybe he did. “I’ll go back as scheduled tonight, and I’ll pack up my stuff, get my ducks in a row, while you look through Zillow and send me anything that looks like I won’t get slaughtered living there, and then in a couple weeks…”
There are no interruptions, or hesitations, or attempts to pull away other than to get the necessary amount of oxygen before diving back in, and even then, they stay close, foreheads touching and lips only centimeters away from each other.
“Isn’t it obvious?” he replies, dazzling smile taking over his face like the Cheshire Cat. “I’m going to move to Boston.”
A slow grin spreads across Steve’s face as the memories dawn on him as well. “I would risk making Aunt Peg mad if it meant I got to stay in bed with you all day.”
“Please. You said yourself that Friday helped get you through the breakup with Ty, and if I’d gotten you cigarettes, you would have caught one whiff of them and thrown them out. I know you.”
The room erupts into applause, and Sharon runs to Steve to wrap him up in her arms, whispering something private, just for them, into his ear. Tony, on the other hand, is stunned into silence. He’s pretty sure Steve meant
Peggy isn’t staying in a hotel, but rather at Sharon’s place, so they all head over there and end up camping out for the night, watching some British soap opera and chowing down while Peggy spills all sorts of gossip about family members in town for the wedding, like whose marriage is on the rocks and who’s pregnant but hiding it. She also inquires about how Steve is doing, but Sharon just shrugs and turns to Tony.
“Well, it looks like that won’t be necessary anymore. You’re going to be having some adventures of your own from now on.”
There’s a knock at the door, and when Tony opens it, the event manager reminds them they need to be at their places in five minutes, so they start trucking across the lawn, Tony holding up the bottom of Tash’s dress so it doesn’t get dirty before they arrive. Sharon’s party is already there, but she is conspicuously absent, probably hiding behind the bushes somewhere, although neither her nor Natasha is particularly superstitious.
“I appreciate it,” Steve mutters distractedly, looking at his phone. “Okay, what’s the schedule for today and tomorrow?”
“No,” Tony cries, fully aware that his denial of it makes it sound true. “Really. We’ve been planning your bachelorette party, if you haven’t noticed. If it was all up to me, we would be spending a week in Atlantic City, so you should be grateful I have Steve to bounce ideas off of.”
“You too,” Tony fidgets under her gaze. He hasn’t seen his own mother since he was seventeen, and though she was always kinder to him than Howard was, this head-patting, cheek-pinching attention is so unfamiliar to him now that it makes him squirm. “Lunch? You hungry? I assume you are a sane woman and stayed away from the airplane food.”
“I don’t make moves on straight guys, Tash. Lesson learned with Rhodey on that one. My persona is just naturally coy.”
The rehearsal dinner is being held in a small ballroom at Steve’s hotel, and most of the guests in attendance will be people Tony knows or has met over the last week, unlike the wedding itself, when he already knows he’ll be forgetting names the second they’re told to him.
They decide that it would be nice if as many people as possible that Sharon and Tash requested be invited could come, so it’s best to do the party on the wedding weekend itself. Tash already made it clear that she doesn’t care about having alcohol at the party, because she’s always looking out for Tony, and Sharon understands, too, so there’s no hangovers to worry about while they’re trying to have family brunch the next day or something. Tony is outvoted on the strippers, but he catches Tash smirking at him even as she says no. He knows she would’ve enjoyed it, and she knows he knows.
“Fine. I’m not nervous, in case you were wondering, I just want to look good for the photos,” Tash continues loftily.
“Sharon’s always saying that you should be doing art stuff. Are you any good, or is it ‘bunny in a snowstorm’ art? ‘Cause I gotta tell you, I’m not sure we can be friends if you consider that talent.”
Once everything reverts to normal, the band back to playing upbeat dance music and crowd slowly filtering from their seats to the buffet to the dance floor and so on, Tony notices Steve slipping out the side door, onto the little balcony that overlooks the vineyard. Even though Carol is yelling at him to come dance with her, he motions that he will in a minute and then heads out after Steve.
“God, Tony, don’t tell me you blew up our childhood photos and posted them around the room,” Natasha jokes. “I would literally kill you for that.”
“What kind of place do you work that still uses Microsoft Excel? If you show your boss Google Sheets, he’ll probably promote you. Okay, sorry. I’ll let you go. We’ll talk soon.”
“So I’m just supposed to pine and suffer while he goes back to his life two hundred miles away and hope beyond hope that we stay in touch and maybe, in a couple weeks, he calls me to tell me he wants to date? Don’t be ridiculous.”
Steve takes a deep breath, like he’s preparing himself for an uphill battle. “It was about you,” he admits quietly. “I was telling her… that I liked you. You know. As… more.”  The wind rushes out of Tony’s lungs, leaving him gasping, and he feels unsteady on his feet. Steve is saying the one thing that Tony wants him to, so badly. His body shakes as he takes a half step towards Steve. “She said that it wasn’t crazy for me to like you so fast. She said she knew in a second, with Natasha, and that if you want me too, we should just… do it. Try it, and see--”
Tony is also fully aware of the fact that her lifelong best friend moved to Japan a couple of years ago, and hasn’t spoken to her since. So he acquiesces, and is officially proclaimed the maid of honor.
“God, if this is a dream, don’t wake me up,” Tony mumbles, already leaning back in to Steve like a gravitational pull is demanding he do so.
family, too, and they support him even when he’s being dumb. But realizing that he has a crush on Steve doesn’t feel like a dumb thing, it feels like a really, really big thing, despite his brain yelling at him that it’s only been two days. Because in actuality, it’s been a lot longer than that, and Tony thinks that ever since their first conversation when Steve mistook him for a Jehovah’s Witness, he’s been heading towards this conclusion.
“That’s quite an accomplishment, Tony,” Peggy laughs. “Your parents must have been so proud of you.”
Tomorrow is about Sharon and Natasha. He can put his self-pity aside for one day, and instead focus all his efforts on making sure everyone goes off without a hitch. That’s his job, after all, as bro of honor.
“It’s totally waterproof, as well as shockproof, drop-proof, and idiot-proof. I built it myself after my iPhone ink spilled for the eight time. The general public wishes they had my phone,” Tony brags.
“Of course I do,” Tony scoffs. “This is my best friend’s wedding, after all. You really think I wouldn’t go all out?”
Sharon and Tash show up arm in arm in stunning dresses, looking every bit the put-together, chic couple they are. The group cheers, and Sharon curtsies jokingly. The party kicks into full swing, then; people dancing and chatting and munching on what look to be painstakingly hand-rolled finger sandwiches, provided by the restaurant. Tony had told Steve during one of their phone calls that the party had to be catered, because he doesn’t like cooking and also can’t be trusted to do it without setting his kitchen aflame. Steve had just laughed, and agreed that they should hold it at a restaurant so they can get other people to do it for them.
"It's not going to kill me, Tony, I'll be fine.  Keep the jacket, at least until we can get to some kind of shelter."
Behind him, Steve was trying to follow his example, doggedly sticking close even when he wasn't exactly sure why.  When Tony had chosen a particularly dead-looking tree wilting against the rock wall and was deciding exactly how he wanted to harvest it for firewood, he shook his head, and carefully nudged Tony aside as though he weren't sure of his strength or his depth perception. "'Scuse me.  Let me see? Your arm's hurt, I can do it."
Steve handed over the knife, and unsteadily got to his feet. Thinking was starting to become difficult, like his thoughts were trying to find their way through a thick fog.  "I thought you built bombs."
“I'm not.” They reached the top of the stairs, and Tony made a beeline for the scotch. He poured two glasses, kept the bottle, and retired to the overstuffed couch by the window. It faced the city, and made something of an easier view. He sat, and when he felt Steve's weight sink the seat next to him, he passed off the second glass and took a steadying breath. “See... my dad never liked me. He was away most of the time, and when he was home, I was the last thing he wanted to see; I found out later he was founding SHIELD and working with them for my entire life.”
, the Arc Reactor popped out of the socket.  There would be no getting it back in there until he warmed up, and it somehow seemed a lot less impressive and a lot more dangerous now that it was dangling from the hole in his chest by a couple of copper wires.
But Tony continued unabated.“Now I know you're real. And frankly, if I had been in my dad's place? I would have been pretty damn disappointed in me, too.” He refilled his tumbler, and knocked that one back too. It stung, but right now, that's what he needed. “Because you live up to the hype. You really do, Cap.”
He takes it as a learning experience, because sometimes you don't know when you need to come down a peg, and it's better to get knocked down and work your way back up than to think you deserve to be at the top. Humility doesn't tend to be tall enough to get all the way up a pedestal. Although he can't bring himself to thank a man for cruelty, he accepts it, and soldiers on.
"You don't have to apologize for that. Yes, I knew what the risks were.  But sometimes... well, I don't really need to explain risk-assessment and judgment calls to you, do I?"
Steve seemed to go a little cold at that, and folded his hands in his lap. The worktable he was sitting on suddenly felt far more impersonal, the vastness of Tony's lab suddenly losing the little space of closeness as Tony stood up again. “I would've thought that was SHIELD's job.”
Steve bent down, and just as Tony instructed, he tapped the metal contacts against the tip of the knife.  An electric
Tony smiles, and scoots over to make room as Steve comes to sit down next to him.  "It's for the best, I wouldn't be able to fit in the suit and I really like all my T-shirts.  Do I still have the same shoe size?"
I was so excited, I don't even have the words. The first time I saw you I knew you had to be Howard's. If you didn't know him very well I guess you don't see it, but you're a chip off the old block, no question. The way you talk, the way you smile, even the way you light up when you're looking at something you think is keen. And I thought, finally, there's a familiar face--”
A few hours later, long after Tony had lost feeling in his toes and Steve had taken enough tumbles in the snow to leave him soaked to his knees, they came around the other side of the mountain they had landed on, and Steve's stomach dropped into his heels.
"If they ever find a way to preserve people's brains in little glass tanks after they're dead, I want him and me to have bunk-jars."  Tony smiles, and wiggles his apparently-new toes.  They do look a little pink, compared to his old ones.   "How are
The testing phase of any new Iron Man component tended to be the most exciting.  Steve had to admit, there was something really endearing about the way Tony cavorted about his lab, arguing with his weird robot arms and tinkering with things that were even beyond the goofy, bulbous sci-fi daydreams of his own time.
"Yes, we are."  Steve was ready to admit that at this point; he couldn't really feel his extremities anymore. And worse, Tony was exhausted, his arm and leg a mess of bruises and swelling, his body shaking against his grip, and he had a very unique, very sick dread on his face.
It was a bashing, apparently; a group of young men, laid out on the ground having obviously taken a good-old-fashioned American beatdown. Their victim, a willowy, mixed-race twenty-something with pink streaks in his hair, a broken nose, and his pants shoved down around his bloody knees was curled up in a protective ball against a dumpster. Steve gave a last look around to make sure the combat was over, and then walked over to the kid to help him up.
"I will, whether it goes bad or not."  Steve nodded, and gently laid Tony down on the pine needles.  "...Look, Tony.  I.. if we're going ahead and saying... what we need to say, just in case, I--"
of them all it once, and if any alien, monster, pagan deity, or in this case, natural weather phenomenon, wants to take them from me, they're going to have to pry them out of my cold, dead fingers.  Literally in this case, which really illustrates my point nicely."     Tony stands up and paces a little as he talks, gesturing aimlessly.
"Exactly! I'm glad we understand each other, Mister Stark, keep the jacket."  Steve went to take another step down the mountain, feeling out a route;  there was a reasonably stable path that made a kind of natural switchback, and he began carefully making his way down.
As the voice behind him cut off mid-sentence; Steve whirled around just in time to see a suddenly very human, very vulnerable Tony Stark disappearing over the cliff, one foot knocked out from under him by the loose stone that Steve had been too preoccupied to warn him about.
"We won't get eaten by bears."  Steve responded to this as if Tony might really be afraid of being attacked by a bear on the peak of a snow-capped mountain.  "If we can't call for a ride, we're walking; are you any good at climbing?"
It made him sick to watch; Tony preferred to fly home alone to nurse his wounds, but only because he didn't want anyone else to know. It made him remember his father's voice, scolding him for running to his mother with burns from hot machine parts or cuts from sharp metal tools; the shame and belittlement rose up in his throat, and the idea of telling anyone but JARVIS became a non-option.
, Captain America.   You aren't hearing me: you spent years frozen in a glacier.  For anybody else that's death from exposure;
Now, he's sitting in a surprisingly comfortable hospital bed.  The artificial light is dimmed, which suggests it must be late; the heart monitor next to him bleeps steadily.  The bed on his opposite side is empty, but Steve is sitting on it quietly, patiently.
Steve scooted closer, and without thinking too much, took a hold of Tony's forearms as gently as possible and held them still.  "Steady, now; I got this part, just concentrate."
Tony peeled off his T-shirt, and at this point it didn't feel very different with or without it.  The Arc Reactor glowed brightly from its socket in his chest.   "I was... I was honestly hoping to avoid this, but I don't think there are any other options that don't involve going back out there and looking for things we're probably not going to find.  I'm gonna need a hand here, okay?"
regenerate, which means you were being constantly afflicted with head-to-toe frostbite and recovering from it, and
“No, nothing like that.” Tony chuckled, more out of obligation than real humor. Satisfied the wound was clean, he put down a gauze pad and some tape, and just because it was something he'd do for anyone who didn't have superhuman healing, he wrapped a bandage around it, too. “...I've been watching you the past couple of days, Steve.”
the same ravine, but looking down into it pulled bile up into his throat.  The river must have been frozen because there was no sound of rushing water like there should have been, and there were no railroad tracks or any indication there had ever been any, but he could still see it, the twisted metal of the train car, the rail snapping, his own voice echoing uselessly into the white--
Pondering this, he catches movement in the alley at about the same time Steve does. It's too dark for the cameras, but Steve dashes in as though something is wrong; Tony snaps for JARVIS to zoom in, to do something, and prep the suit just in case. It ends too quickly, and the camera only catches the flash of a muzzle before the view readjusts to show the aftermath.
Tony and Steve share a look of joy and pride, beyond relieved that it came together so well. Tony notices that Steve’s arm is still encircling his shoulder, but doesn’t move to push it away. Instead, he inches ever so slightly closer, slowly and hesitantly placing one of his hands on the small of Steve’s back. Steve beams down at him.
“I know that,” Tony replies, rolling his eyes. Emotions make him itchy sometimes. “I should be asking you if you got your part done, considering you barely had time for five minute phone calls with me.”
“About what? I have no doubt that I was, but you’ll have to be a bit more specific. I’m right a lot, you see.”
Reaching for a chocolate pastry in the middle of the table, Tony takes a small bite before answering. “His new apartment here in Boston.”
Steve shakes his head, cupping the sides of Tony’s face in his ginormous palms, using the pad of his thumb to stop Tony from gnawing his lip. “I was deflecting. I mean, ‘cause this is crazy, right? It’s great that these feelings are reciprocal, I’m so happy, you have no idea, but it’s been three days. We’re both definitely, certifiably crazy.”
At the end of the night, when Tony pulls up in front of Steve’s hotel, they high-five for a job well done. “Good bachelorette party means good marriage, right? That’s how that saying goes? The ladies should thank us.”
“You always have been,” she says, intertwining her fingers in his. “Thank you. For that. There weren’t many people in my life who were, before. They just- wanted things from me. But you showed me what real friendship is like, you know? I have no idea how I’ll ever repay you for that.”
“For those of you who don’t know me, I’m Tony. I’ve been best friends with Natasha since we were eighteen years old, which I guess is only seven years ago, but feels more like my whole life. I knew I wanted to be friends with her the moment we met, in college, when she hacked into my computer and copied all my lecture notes so she wouldn’t have to hand write anything,” he begins, and the crowd chuckles just as he figured they would. “We bonded over our music taste, our love for caffeinated beverages, and Stuart, the human form of the word nuisance, who was in our computer science class and never brought a pencil, never asked a smart question, but always made sure to flirt with her on the way out. Friendship, platonic love, happens like that-- something small brings you together, and slowly you notice that you fit well in other aspects, and then before you know it, you’re the bro of honor at her wedding.
“What? We do. That’s not the point. You shouldn’t enjoy third wheeling, that’s weird. Plus, I want you to be happy and have a boyfriend who loves you and dotes on you like me and Sharon. Okay?”
The music cues up, and Tony hurriedly takes his place next to Steve. They link together, and Steve leans down to whisper in his ear so they won’t be disruptive, ever the kind gentleman. “Sharon almost jumped out the window with nerves, I think.”
“That definitely beats my story,” Steve nods. He turns somber, smile falling off his face, when he asks, “Is that why you didn’t mention your parents at brunch? When Aunt Peggy asked?”
Tony scoffs aloud, and Natasha gives him a funny look. Peggy and Sharon have moved into the kitchen to wash dishes without Tony realizing, so she scoots closer to him and looks at his phone over his shoulder. “Are you sure you’re not flirting?” she asks him once she’s done.
“That seems overly sane. We’re millennials, we’re the generation that was fed ‘follow your dreams’ bullshit from the second we left the womb,” Tony remarks.
“Thank you,” Steve says gently. “No to the duck tour. We only have about two hours until we need to be back at the hotel for the rehearsal dinner, so we might as well just go ahead and get ready.”
“Maybe I am. I’m tired from work, sorry. Could we do this tomorrow morning? I guess my brain doesn’t really have the capacity to think about partying when it’s been so focused on Microsoft Excel all day,” Steve says, suddenly sounding very exasperated.
“No, fine, I’ll stop. In what world is getting to a restaurant forty minutes early a better plan than hanging out in a comfy paid-for hotel room and watching
He and Steve are seated at one of the front tables with the other bridal party members, almost entirely made up of Tony’s circle of friends. Sharon and Natasha are sitting at the table to their left, with Sharon’s close family. Tony feels a small, short ping of sympathy for Tash; she doesn’t have any family here because she doesn’t have any family to invite. It fades as fast as it comes, though, since he knows she considers her friends her real family, and they’re all here for her.
“God, Tony,” Steve mutters in between kisses, chest heaving like a fish desperate for water. Instead, he’s desperate for Tony, and boy, is that a nice thought.
“I might have to set you up with someone,” Natasha admits, pressing her lips together. When Tony starts to interject, she continues on, saying, “You just always look really sad about third wheeling!”
“If we had the time to do that, I would say go crazy,” Tony had told him, riding on the front of the shopping cart while Steve pushes it around the store. “But you’re the one who only flew in today.”
Steve’s face draws back up into a smile. “Shockingly, I do. But after we get ready-- you didn’t let me finish, always so ready to make your next quip-- we need to spend a little time working on our surprise. Your part is ready, right?”
“I don’t lack self-esteem most days, but right now I just feel really, really… extra beautiful,” Tash says quietly.
Catching up with Jan and Hank in the buffet line, Tony jumps into their conversation and ends up sticking with them for a while, once he finds out that Hank is a sort of scientist himself. Any opportunity that presents itself to talk about his projects with someone who’ll understand, Tony takes, even scribbling out visuals for Hank as he describes his current work with alloys. He kind of knew he would be mostly hanging around with people he knows at this reception, given that a lot of the other guests in attendance are Sharon’s extended family, and he’s not always great with new people. The Stark charm gene skipped over him, he thinks.
Being much more organized and schedule-oriented than he is, Natasha had called ahead to make a reservation, but as soon as they’re seated, the waiter asks for drink orders, like he’s trying to hurry them through their meal to get through the people in line. Tony doesn’t blame him; he had to work a minimum wage job for a while, but he was completely unsuited to deal with finicky people pushing him around and demanding things from him. Those that can deal with it and still provide good service are a mystery to him.
“What? Oh! No, that’s fine, I’ll just have a regular orange juice, then,” Peggy says, upon getting a sharp look from Sharon.
“Well, no, but maybe it could grow in to that. You’re making assumptions based on two days together,” she reminds him. Tony hates that all his friends are so level-headed and reasonable. It’s a good thing he has Jan to go to when he needs a healthy dose of drama and empathy. Maybe he should’ve grabbed her from the table instead.
“I’m almost thirty,” Steve says. “You know, in high school, when they ask you where you see yourself in ten years? This wasn’t it.”
“Thanks,” Tony beams. He doesn’t mention the fact that it’s left over from when he had regular duties as the Stark heir to attend horrifically boring benefits and fancy parties, and that it still fits because Tony is twenty-five years old and his body has somehow remained the size of his sixteen year old self. It doesn’t matter. He knows it accentuates his legs in just the right way. “I hope you didn’t muss yourself up too much in the last hour.”
Tony and Sharon exchange smirks. “Don’t be afraid of Tash,” he says to Steve. “She bought me a stuffed animal for my eighteenth birthday instead of a pack of cigarettes, which is what I asked for.”
Eventually, the guests start showing up as the shuttles arrive and the rest of the bridesmaids make their way into Natasha’s suite as the finishing touches are being put on. Her hair is left down, but the front pieces are twisted into an intricate braid, meeting in the back of her head and giving off the image of a crown. She opted against a veil, but there are little white flowers tucked under the braid, a stark contrast to the flaming shade of her hair.
“Still,” Tony said. “Your first mission, and they warm you up by sending you to a island full of dinosaurs.”
in the past week: being able to call Tony his husband, wearing matching rings, vowing to commit to each other for the rest of their lives. And while Steve certainly plans on being with Tony for as long as he can—forever, hopefully—whether they’re married or not, there’s just something about the simple act of celebrating their love, surrounded by all the important people in their lives, that appeals to the romantic in Steve.
and b) Laura Barton refused to give up her homemade lasagna recipe, Steve thought that this countryside retreat wasn’t all that bad. If anything, he considered it a team-building exercise, in the loosest definition of the term.
It would’ve been so much easier if he had the armour. The helmet, at the very least, just so he could let JARVIS guide him, scope out where a nice patch of tall grass was to hide out in, or the nearest building. Could distract the T-Rex with a repulsor beam or two, not to injure, just to stun. But without his tech, his glorious, brilliant tech, Tony just had to rely on his pathetically human eyesight and whatever bullshit tactical training sessions SHIELD had signed him up for.
“Alright,” Coulson replied, probably sensing the desperation in his tone if his sympathetic look was anything to go by. “Everyone, strap in.”
The T-Rex, frustrated with the lack of bounty in the car, turned its gaze back on the path, landing right on Tony, Harry, and Peter in the middle of their measured retreat.
They were walking along the coast, searching for the quinjet, when out of nowhere, a baby dinosaur came out, something surprisingly shiny clasped between its teeny hands. It was cute, no more than two feet tall, but Tony still startled when it ran out in front of them. It seemed to happen in slow motion, but that may have been due to the lack of traction its feet could get in the sand — or maybe Tony was just jumpy, half expecting a Kraken to rise up out of the water and swallow them all whole. It wouldn’t even much of a shock, at this point.
Tony would’ve berated himself for not knowing sooner, especially considering that Fury had wanted to talk to him about some new initiative for similarly powerful individuals (which, of course, like most things Fury said to him, flew right out the other ear in that moment), but he cut himself some slack this time. The last few months hadn’t been the easiest adjustment for him either.
“We’re gonna need Bruce—Dr. Banner—to check that out once we get back,” Tony said, mostly to himself. “And we’re gonna need to get out of the cold. And food, eventually.”
Honestly, considering his track record with spontaneous declarations, this one acting as runner-up only to his televised admission to being Iron Man, Tony shouldn’t have been nearly as surprised as he was. And really, neither should Steve, given how familiar he was with his boyfriend’s theatrics.
“Are you sure about this?” Scott asked for the third time in as many minutes, pulling the two vials away from Tony’s reach. He’d only been an ordained minister for about a week now, but he was taking this wedding more seriously than— Well, than anything he did, really.
Bruce and Tony, after over two straight days of being cooped up in the lab, had pretty much exhausted every lead they had so far on figuring out the super-soldier serum, from rooting around in Howard’s old journals to hacking into encrypted SHIELD files to analyzing blood samples. Their next best bet was to wait for Thor to get some answers out of his idiot brother—because
And that, that tiny suggestion of normalcy amongst all the craziness of the last twenty-four hours, was enough to make their eyes bright and their grins carefree, even if just for a moment.
So, as Scott turned around to rummage through the contents of the fridge, Tony took the opportunity to make a break for it, quietly slipping out of the kitchen. He almost pulled it off too, but just as he reached the doorway, Scott looked up, a carton of two-day-old chow mein in hand, and asked, “Do you mind if I finish off these— Oh, hey, where are you going?”
“Okay, Fury fell asleep reading the kids a bedtime story. But, uh, don’t ever mention that again, especially not in front of him. So. There’s only three bedrooms left and seven of us,” Clint said as they all regrouped in the kitchen a couple hours after dinner. “We’re going to have to approach this strategically.”
It really hits him, in tiny, mundane moments like these, just how much he loves Tony. There have been a lot of important people in Steve’s life, but this— This is different. The way he feels about Tony, it’s all-consuming, it’s intoxicating, and Steve’s just glad he’s gotten a good look at that calendar, otherwise he may have popped the question himself right then and there.
There must’ve been about six in total, knife-toothed and nimble, ready to pounce at the slightest movement. Instinctively, Tony motioned for Peter and Harry to get behind him, even if it wouldn’t make much of a difference. The velociraptors were circling them, like boxers in the ring, and Tony felt absolutely ridiculous, putting his fists up like he was about to have a back-alley brawl with them, but it was either that or be killed instantly. It would be pathetic to have his obituary read that he’d been eaten by bloodthirsty dinosaurs without at least putting up a fight first.
Tony hadn’t been on the receiving end of too many brush-offs, but that sounded as clear as any. “Right, yeah. I get it, it’s okay.”
Osborn almost startled at the sound of his voice, but when he looked up at Tony, dabbing his mouth with a perfectly crisp napkin, his smile was self-assured. “You two are smart, I’m sure you have some inkling as to why I’ve chosen to show you my latest feats of science.”
and down the rest. It probably wouldn’t even matter, another couple sips of truth serum when he already had about three doses of the stuff — more importantly, though, caffeine was still caffeine, and at this point, Tony would take what he could get. “You said it’s supposed to be injected, not ingested, right?” he pointed out, and, with an impressive show of self-restraint, poured the last of the coffee-serum concoction into the sink and rinsed out the mug. “Maybe it won’t even work.”
By the morning, Steve could walk again, albeit stiffly, and Tony took his time to check over his stitches before they finally set out in search of the jet. They didn’t talk about the kiss, or last night, or the fact that Tony had woken up with his head pillowed on Steve’s chest and feigned sleep for an extra ten minutes just to feel the hand carding gently through his hair. They hardly talked at all, both tired and hungry, dead on their feet, but the silence was companionable, comfortable, and Tony spent most of it thinking about what he’d do as soon as they got off the island: have a shower, a shave, and a twenty-hour nap. Get his best lawyers to shut down the park. Put on his favourite suit and take Steve out to dinner. Punch Osborn in the face.
And maybe Steve could admit that the flirting and the batting eyelashes and the playful locker room-esque slaps on the ass were not so out of the ordinary, even before they’d gotten together, but this was unbelievable. Not a single one of them knew. And if they did, they had incredible self-restraint and impressive poker faces.
“Yeah, like this was their doing.” Steve scoffed, shuffling his position—much to Tony’s displeasure, which he didn’t hesitate to convey through a series of tired, unintelligible grumbles—until he was lying on his back. At least he could stretch out a bit now, even if he did risk falling over the edge of the mattress.
It’s circled a bunch of times, and if that isn’t enough to mark the importance of the word, it’s also underlined twice, and covered with bright orange highlighter for good measure.
Tony was so floored by the statement that, for the first time in a long time, he was rendered absolutely speechless. Steve must’ve taken his silence as a cue to continue, or, even worse,
He forced the smile back to his face, but this time it was softer, sadder, slightly more brittle around the edges. “Yeah,” he assured, waving it off. Steve already wasn’t a good liar as it was, but now he didn’t even seem to be trying. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
“It’s watered down, it’ll last half an hour, max. And if it doesn’t, blame Banner, he’s the one who told me that.”
The force of the barrel roll caused Tony to slam against the driver’s side window, and he waited a long moment to see if the car would move again. When it didn’t, he chanced a glance out of the windshield, but between the cracks in the glass and the rain streaking down its surface, he couldn’t see a thing, and just hoped for the best as he shrugged out of his blazer, wrapped it around his hand like he was preparing to go a few rounds in the ring with Happy, and punched the windshield as hard as he could. It was already in bad shape from the car being tossed around like a ragdoll, and the glass gave way easily enough, even though the hit took more of a toll on his knuckles than he anticipated. He smoothed over the perimeter of the empty windshield, making sure there weren’t any stray shards sticking out.
“Ah, finally,” Osborn greeted, gaze directed at one of the boys, the striking resemblance between them clueing Tony in to who the kid was: their hair was the same shade of chestnut brown, tousled identically, their eyes the same blue. Osborn turned his attention to the other boy, just enough to offer a polite smile, before looking back to Tony and Bruce. “Gentlemen, this is my son, Harry, and his friend, Peter Parker. They’ll be joining us for the rest of the weekend. Boys, this is Dr. Banner and Dr. Stark.”
They stay like that for a moment, breathing each other in, Tony turning his head slightly to press a kiss to Steve’s palm, Steve stroking a thumb over Tony’s cheekbone.
Tony must’ve looked just about as drained and anxious as he felt, because Scott offered a smile that was a little too sympathetic. “Hey, relax,” he assured, pawing around the cutlery drawer for a pair of chopsticks. “These lips? Fort Knox. I promise I won’t tell anybody.”
“I know. I won’t ask any questions, and I’ll try not to veer the conversation into topics that you might not want to talk about. I mean, obviously, I do really want to ask if you’re okay. But I won’t.”
“You know, as fun as this whole getting-to-know-you thing is, I think we should probably move this conversation elsewhere,” Tony pointed out. “Preferably before these guys come to, with killer migraines and a thirst for blood. Can you walk?”
Steve doesn’t even realize he’s crying until he lets out a wet, choked-up little laugh, his heart swelling with affection. And maybe this isn’t quite the proposal he’d been imagining for himself the past couple days, but it’s perfect nonetheless, and he cups Tony’s face between his hands and pulls him in for a kiss.
Steve turns the planer around, nudging it closer to Tony. “Looks like someone’s got a crush,” he says in a giddy sing-song that immediately earns him a fond eye-roll from his fiancé.
“I know, I know. Not sure if that’s a problem I can fix right this second, though,” Tony replied, kneeling down next to the log. He looked over Peter, just a quick assessment of any injuries, but it seemed like he was fine. Just a little shaken up. Harry, however, had a worrying trickle of dried blood on his temple, right under his hairline, that he must’ve gotten from the car crash. Gently and a little uncertainly, Tony prodded at the area around it. “Does that hurt?”
“Listen, what I’m trying to say,” Tony interjected, before Steve could follow through with whatever self-deprecating statement he was about to make, “is that I love you no matter what you look like. Whether you’re Captain America or not. No matter what happens—if you get the serum back or if you don’t—I’ll always love you, more than anything. More than work, more than being Iron Man, and god, Steve, you know how much I love being Iron Man. But I’d drop any of that for you, if you needed me to,” Tony said with a startling earnestness that was only egged on by the slightly awed and slightly flustered look on Steve’s face, by the heat of the moment, by their proximity. By the truth serum, of course, which made it so much easier to say what he really, truly felt, and let him be open, vulnerable, in a way he rarely was. “I don’t ever want you to think you’re a burden, okay? I love you. I love taking care of you.”
The team had spent fifteen minutes this morning dancing around the kitchen playing their own version of Musical Chairs in an attempt to get Steve and Tony to sit next to each other, but they didn’t lift their heads from their stacks of pancakes when Tony had asked sweetly, “Cap? Can you pass the sugar, sugar?” or when Steve, matching his tone, replied, “If you give me the honey, honey.”
“So,” Tony said after a moment, just casually, like he hadn’t been thinking about this non-stop for the past twenty-four hours. “We’re off the island.”
“Alright, let’s get you somewhere safe,” Tony said, mostly to himself as he surveyed the surrounding area. The coast was too open, the jet not even a speck in the distance. And Tony was definitely not keen on returning to the thick, wet jungle if he could help it.
Tony had spent the past few days since the incident trying to convince him otherwise, but no Asgardian magic trick could quell Steve’s stubbornness.
“Oh, honey,” Laura said, dropping a kiss to her husband’s temple and patting his arm in consolation. “I’ve known them for less than two days and I knew.”
It’s six months before Steve makes the same mistake, opening his sketchbook only to find Tony’s distinct scrawl lining the margins, sticky notes and business cards where there should be blank pages. And while usually Steve would close it, trek back down to the lab, and switch it back, there’s an entry in the box for next week that makes him pause, heart skipping a beat at the sight.
God, if only he’d brought an updated mark of the suit, one that he could actually call to him on command; if only he had
Off to the left, the trees rustled before parting suddenly, and into the clearing stomped Dr. Bruce Banner, huge and green, muscles bulging as he clenched his fists, gaze raking over the scene with a kind of bloodthirsty interest, and shouted again.
“If only the kids could hear you now,” Tony tutted in mock-seriousness. He dropped the act seconds later, cracking a smile. “That’s five dollars in the swear jar, Captain.”
Being the professional and world-renowned academics they were, they ran a number of tests on Tony to figure out its extent and limitations, and within twenty minutes they’d concluded that Tony had something of a
“C’mon, gimme that,” Steve said, easing the tin out of Tony’s hands. He took out the wipes, the gauze, and the little roll of medical tape, and for a moment Tony wondered if there was something he’d missed, thinking back to the fight. Thigh, calf, shoulder. But all those thoughts, growing increasingly concerned by the second, immediately halted at Steve’s next words. “Take your shirt off and get over here.”
Tony knew, coming into this weekend, that he’d be spending a good chunk of his time telling Osborn just how much of an idiot he was, but he definitely didn’t think it’d be to this degree.
Tony did, but instead of letting himself work in silence, he found himself saying, “You know, when I was a kid, I had an embarrassing number of Captain America action figures. All of the comic books, too. Posters on my bedroom wall, the whole nine yards.”
“Yeah, well, I had a replica I used to play around with as a kid,” he answered with a shrug, as if they hadn’t just been a hair’s breadth from death. He held out a hand. “Tony Stark, if you haven’t figured it out by now.”
But once he gets over his initial shock, he has to admit, he does like the sound of it, of an extravagant proposal, an elegant wedding, of being able to call Tony his husband. Just the thought makes Steve smile stupidly to himself, his stomach all aflutter, and he’s so swept up in his elation that he almost doesn’t catch the ding of the elevator as the doors open.
Steve ran a hand down Tony’s sleeve, smoothing out his jacket. “We don’t have to do this, if you don’t want to,” he said, with that soft little smile that Tony had first fallen in love with. “Whatever you say up there, I’ll believe you anyway, you know that.”
The T-Rex’s approaching footsteps made the ground under them rattle, and Tony didn’t let the creature get too close before he kissed the back of his phone for luck, and tried to summon those two months he spent on his college baseball team (at Rhodey’s insistence) as he chucked the phone in the opposite direction.
“Needed a break, otherwise I’d collapse from exhaustion,” Tony explained, pressing a soft kiss to the spot just behind Steve’s ear, in apology. “Didn’t mean to wake you.”
And Tony, tactful as he was, changed the subject, telling Bruce about how he’d lost his tech, piece by piece, and then about the SOS he’d sent out to SHIELD the other night. “I don’t know if they got my message or not,” he said, over the soft snap of twigs under his shoes. He tried for casual, but fell a little short of the mark. “But fingers crossed.”
That was all the warning he got before Harry and Peter, seemingly appearing out of thin air, started running toward him, waving their arms around as if he couldn’t see them from just a couple yards away. When they finally approached, both grinning up at him like they were at Disneyland, instead of the world’s most sketchy zoo full of creatures that shouldn’t even exist anymore, both took in a deep breath before spewing every single fact they knew about dinosaurs at exactly the same time.
Curious, Steve tracked the motion with his gaze, to the glow of the reactor visible through the thin white of Tony’s shirt. And while it was evident that he wanted to ask about it, he kept his mouth shut. Thank God for small mercies.
“Hey, hey,” Steve said, as he tentatively reached out to rest a warm hand against Tony’s back. When he didn’t protest, Steve took it as an invitation to rub over his shoulder blades in soothing circles, and Tony couldn’t help but lean into the touch, letting it ground him. “Deep breaths. Yeah, like that. And another, c’mon, do it with me. In. Good. Out. There we go, that’s it.”
But either he overestimates his acting skills or underestimates Tony’s attentiveness, because he doesn’t even make it through their bedtime routine before the truth finally comes out.
Tony pulled the phone out of his pocket, stuck on the lock screen no matter how many times he tried entering his password or thumbprint. It didn’t matter anyway, Tony thought, turning the brightness up to its highest setting, and waved it around as if he didn’t already have the dinosaur’s undivided attention. “Hey!” he shouted, much to the horror of the kids. “Hey, asshole! Over here!”
But no matter what Tony planned, something, somehow, always seemed to get in his way. Either it was an Avengers alert (which happened about two weeks ago), or a sudden downpour over midtown Manhattan (one week ago), or Steve suddenly being de-serumed (four days ago), or, well—
Tony leaned back against the trunk of the tree, the branches forming something of a hammock, surprisingly sturdy under him. Harry and Peter were curled up against his chest, close together in fear that they’d fall right down to the jungle floor otherwise. Tony had blanketed them with his suit jacket, despite its dampness; he wasn’t sure if it was any better, but at least it covered the dim, blue glow of the reactor, a clear target for any nearby predators.
Tony stepped forward, aiming the gauntlet at the pack leader, and fired. This time, it actually worked, a repulsor beam shooting the velociraptor right in the chest. It was a weaker one than usual, admittedly, and didn’t seem to do any permanent damage, but the shock of the blast seemed to freeze the dinosaur in place, at least for a moment.
He doesn’t even need to say anything. All it takes is one look at the frown curling at his lips and those big, sad puppy eyes, and Steve just sighs, deflating with the motion, and admits, “It’s stupid.”
As much as Tony had a penchant for getting himself into trouble, he could say with the utmost confidence that this time, it was Norman Osborn who had gotten him into this entire mess.
Admittedly, he wasn’t too proud of what he did next, but with Steve’s baby blues trained on him like that, his attention undivided, heady, with the way they were sitting close enough that they were pressed against each other from knee to hip to shoulder, well, Tony couldn’t stop himself.
The Hulk grunted, as if opposed to the mere thought, but was distracted by a sweeping, full-body twitch. He stumbled back a few steps, reaching out to grab the branch of a nearby tree to steady himself, but accidentally snapped it off. A little bit wild-eyed now, he staggered backward into the brush of the forest, hidden by the lush foliage, with a series of distressed groans and grumbles.
A flash of lightning sparked, followed shortly by a rumble of thunder so forceful that Tony could practically feel it. Then another roll of thunder. Then another. And another. Strangely enough, the lightning seemed to have stopped altogether, which only made Tony suspect that what they were hearing wasn’t thunder at all.
“It was my first time making one of these,” Tony tells him, hands behind his back. “So. Go easy on me, okay?”
The night was quiet and chilly, but at least the rain had eased into a light drizzle. Harry and Peter hadn’t said another word since their narrow escape, but their trail was marked with sniffles and coughs and chattering teeth, and when they eventually stumbled upon a log sitting right under an umbrella of trees, Tony sat them down and guided them through the deep breathing exercises he sometimes did after a particularly bad nightmare. “Okay. Okay, see, we’re all fine now,” he said softly. He wasn’t sure who he was trying to reassure more, himself or the kids, but in any case, they all seemed to have calmed down, even infinitesimally. “Let’s just take five, and then we can figure out how to get back to— to the resort and humans and central heating later, alright? Are you two okay?”
The next part of the tour was both an informative guide and a kiddie roller-coaster all in one, their seats travelling on a track from one section to the next before looping back around to the theatre. Maybe before he’d actually seen one of the dinos, up close and personal, he might’ve protested some of the science—or at least looked to Bruce with a raised brow—but as it were, Tony just accepted whatever Osborn’s pack of scientists said as word, and left it at that. He didn’t have much of a background in biology anyway, not enough to catch or point out any of the flaws in their logic.
Tony nodded, though his brows furrowed slightly in concern, lips curling into a small frown. As much as he wanted to, he didn’t push, didn’t ask; he just let Steve take a minute to summon his courage and speak at his own pace.
Especially around someone like Scott, whose loose lips had ruined surprise parties and Christmas presents on more than one occasion. Trusting him to keep something much more major to himself—something on the scale of a proposal, perhaps—was just asking for trouble.
Pretty soon Steve’s mind begins to drift, and his drawings of Tony in the kitchen turn into Tony in a church, standing at the altar, with stained glass windows overhead and all his groomsmen beside him. Tony, getting choked up in the middle of his vows, tears collecting in the corners of his eyes, his smile bigger and brighter than Steve’s ever seen it. Tony’s ring glistening on his finger as he cups Steve’s cheeks and pulls him in for a kiss while the priest’s still mid-sentence.
It took Tony a moment for his eyes to adjust to the blue glow of the arc reactor, and another for him to realize someone was speaking to him in soft, calming tones.
“No, I don’t,” Tony conceded. “But I trust Thor. I trust him to set this straight. And if he can’t, I trust myself and Bruce to make up the difference, with his help.”
“Yeah, no, probably not. I didn’t either,” Tony replied easily, retrieving an unopened pack of moist towelettes from the kit. “And, uh. Just to assure you, those aren’t common in the twenty-first century. You’re not gonna look outside and see a triceratops walking down the carpool lane. Probably.”
, apparently, but underneath his damn near permanent mask of bravado, he ached constantly, his heart tender and his chest raw.
“Yeah, I don’t entirely believe you,” Tony admitted slowly, narrowing his eyes ever-so-slightly in suspicion, “but I’m gonna leave it, because I should really go before I say anything else.”
Steve, now lying on his stomach with his face buried in the crook of his elbow, turned to look over his shoulder, fixing Tony with a raised brow. “Tony?”
Bruce considered that, and as he passed by Tony on the way to the automatic doors of the lab, gave his shoulder a light squeeze. “You should get some rest, you look like you need it.”
“You’re playing God, you know that, right?” Tony told Osborn, whose general air of nonchalance just egged him on even more. “There are a thousand reasons this place should be shut down on ethics alone, and I’m not even getting into what’ll happen when your precious little hybrid science projects finally try to hop that fence—”
“Then I guess you should try a little harder at wooing me,” Tony said, even though he already had a good idea of what his answer would be at the end of the weekend.
“You’re not busy tonight, are you?” Tony asks, as they’re getting into the elevator. He presses the button for the gym, then the one for the R&D offices. “Because I made reservations at that Italian place uptown — the one we went to on our anniversary, remember?”
,” Scott said, and Tony didn’t even have to hear the rest of the sentence to know that he wasn’t going to like it, “
He pulled his legs up to his chest, letting his forehead fall against his knees, and tried very hard not to rock himself back and forth like a fucking kindergartener.
“Are you really Captain America?” Peter asked with wide eyes and an even wider smile, as he took in the sight of Steve leaning against the wall, cowl tucked under his arm, shield strapped to his back.
“So, Steven Grant Rogers,” Tony says, surprisingly shy, as if there’s a snowball’s chance in hell of Steve saying no. “Will you marry me?”
And that— Really, that was an ambiguous warning at best. For one thing, there was not a single mention of the what exactly the contents of the flask contained, and so, naturally, Tony had assumed that a) it was low-shelf liquor, and b) Scott just wanted it for himself. He was about to say all that, too, along with the fact that he couldn’t be blamed for apparently being the only one here with even a lick of common sense, but all the sleep deprivation must’ve disconnected his mouth from his brain, because what came out instead was an exasperated, “I— Yeah, Lang, I can see that. That’s not— I mean—
Tony flops down beside him, stretching out until he has his arms draped over the back of the couch and his feet propped up on the coffee table. Immediately, Steve snuggles closer until their thighs are pressed against each other and he can drop his head onto Tony’s shoulder.
“That’s a lovely image,” Steve snorts. “You sure do eat a lot for such a little guy.” He looks pointedly down at Tony’s plate, which five minutes ago was full of scrambled eggs and hashbrowns but is now wiped clean.
“Okay,” Tony agrees begrudgingly. “Besides, it’s a total cliche for the best man and maid of honor to get together.”
Steve doesn’t say anything for a moment, thinking. Whatever conclusion he comes too, though, it’s apparently final, because he nods his head once sharply and then pulls Tony into his lap, turning his chin to make direct eye contact. “You’re right. I guess you’ll have to go apartment hunting for me, then. Sorry, but I’m literally never staying the night here again, it was just our only option because you had lube and I didn’t. Natasha is right, this place is a complete hazard and I don’t want to be barbequed while I’m asleep.”
“Look, Steve’s a timid guy when it comes to certain things. Look at his career, we all know he should be taking a risk with art but he’s not. He’s using sensibility as a disguise so that he doesn’t have to change his ways,” Tash explains. “If you want anything to happen, you’ll probably have to make the first move.”
Tony took off work to be as available as possible for any duties Natasha may decide to thrust upon him last-minute, and he ends up being put in charge of the welcome wagon, picking people up from the airport and shuttling them off to the hotel. On Saturday morning, rented buses will take all the guests to the actual wedding venue for the ceremony and reception, but the rehearsal dinner and other dozens of events, which all seem unnecessary to Tony, will be held in the city at various locations.
Now there’s no way Steve isn’t paying attention, because he coughs a little as he shovels a piece of bacon into his mouth. His eyes dart towards Tony, sharing an unspoken secret. “That’s for me to know, and you to never find out.”
“Among other things. I work at a little organization that uses technology to solve the world’s many problems, so basically I’m a real-life superhero. Right now, my team is working on AI for litter cleanup.”
“You dated for seven months!” Tony defends himself. “You said he was the nicest guy you’d ever been with.”
As soon as it’s deemed dark enough to really enjoy going out on the water, Steve chains himself to the dock and takes little groups of people out on fifteen minutes jaunts around before pulling back in and picking up the next few. It’s silently universally agreed that Sharon and Tash should get to go by themselves, and Tony notices that they’re gone for a few minutes longer than usual. He hopes Steve is showing them a good time.
“Yes, we are,” Tony insists. “We talked on the phone while I was in the shower. That makes us friends.”
The moment is quickly forgotten as Tony jumps in at the first opportunity to poke fun at Tash when the proposal story is brought up. “I helped this woman study for the final exams that determined if she was going to get a degree or not, but right before the proposal was still the most nervous I’ve ever seen her. Her hands were actually shaking, which I didn’t think she was physically capable of.”
After a while, they get lunch in the aquarium cafe, outrageously expensive, of course, and Steve splurges for a plastic whale-shaped cup with a straw that looks like water spitting out of its blowhole. He says he thinks it’s funny, and Tony agrees with him once he sees Steve drink out of it. It’s completely hilarious.
“Of course. I might be a slacker, but this is my best friend’s wedding. If there’s a time to put effort into anything, it’s now,” Tony says.
They shamelessly pet stingrays alongside five year olds in matching bright yellow shirts advertising some kind of summer camp, and the lady working the exhibit-- who looks so overly excited to be here Tony knows she’s faking for the paycheck-- lets Steve hold a starfish. He makes Tony take a photo.
“You know you sound like your soul has been sucked out by a vacuum literally every time we talk, right?” Tony asks him, in the middle of one of their phone calls when he mentions putting together a document of all the possible guests and Steve audibly groans.
Time passes quickly, and before Tony knows it, his alarm is going off, jolting him out of an inventing reverie. Steve appears similarly dazed, looking up from his own work questioningly.
“Okay, why do our conversations always seem to circle back to this? Let’s go to lunch. We can be early, I don’t mind,” Steve breathes out, beginning to stand up and reach for his tennis shoes.
“Okay, fine,” Tony acquiesces. “Seriously though, why do you get so worried about money when you clearly have a stable job? I thought the whole point of not pursuing art stuff was so that you would have a steady income, right?”
Parting ways when they reach the altar, Tony and Steve move to their respective sides of the arch. They’re directly facing each other, though, and they have matching dizzy smiles. Steve winks at him, and Tony’s heart skips a beat.
“I think romantic love happens like that, too. Sharon and Tash, at first glance, seem perfect together. They have so many shared interests, and hobbies, and they’re never bored around each other, nor could anyone be around them. But that’s because of that initial slow build up. Without that, they wouldn’t have those things in common, or even the things they still disagree on, but have a good time fighting about.” Pause for more laughter.
Natasha doesn’t say it in so many words, but Tony can tell how much she loves it, too, because she’s tucking into Sharon’s side, like the painting reminds her that she doesn’t have to long to find her person anymore-- her person is right here. Tash looks back at Tony, and her eyes are misty. She nods, once, and doesn’t have to tell him what it means.
“You get ready for things two hours before you have to be there? That seems really excessive. Don’t you want to spend more time with me, Steven?”
“Yeah, it does,” Steve whispers slowly, moving back in. Tony meets him there, and this time, he’s not breaking away for anything. “Do you think they would hate us if we left right now?”
He and Steve have to hang back a while even after everyone else has left, to clean things up and put all the furniture back where it’s supposed to be. Tony puts on eighties’ music when Steve asks him to, complete with a puppy dog aw-shucks smile and everything. Every instinct in his body fights against it, though it’s futile.
“Okay, um. The last time I had sex, I put my fist through the wall by accident and my landlord at the time, who was my ex-girlfriend, had to come fix it. She definitely knew what it was from.”
Natasha drags him out on the dance floor at some point, and he sweats through a rendition of “Single Ladies” with her, even though she isn’t single and he isn’t a lady. He does, admittedly, know all the choreography, so it would have been hard to get out of, anyways. At least, that’s what he tells himself when he’s grinning at her and his heart feels so full of happiness for her and her future that it might explode, to avoid doing something embarrassing like crying tears of joy in the middle of a party.
Tash nods. “Yeah, and out. He dated this guy Rumlow last summer that Sharon absolutely despised. She only met him once and was ready to saw his fingertips off.”
He hands over a lidded paper cup with the hotel’s logo on it, and Tony knows exactly what the inside contents are. “You got me a coffee? I must be really predictable.” It’s an incredibly sweet gesture, but Tony doesn’t say that, because the words get caught in his throat when he tries to make them sound teasing.
“I’m gay, so you’re definitely reading my tone wrong,” Tony says flippantly. He’s out and proud, now, but the act of saying it to new people will always cause him to brace for a bad reaction. Thanks for that one, Howard.
It’s shitty to ignore him just because Tony’s wallowing in his feelings, but he honestly can’t think of anything to say, so it goes unanswered. Besides, they both have to be at the vineyard bright and early to help the ladies get ready and make sure everything is being organized just how they want it, and Tony already agreed to drive Steve there, so they can just talk then.
“Not anymore,” Steve reasons. “I thought we already established that I’m quitting my job. Boston has an art scene just like New York’s, I can do that anywhere. And I want to be wherever you are, now. Plus, being close to Sharon will be nice, and Sam and Bucky are always travelling anyways, I barely see them. I like your friends, I can see myself hanging out with them. This makes perfect sense to me.”
“Is he really still not pursuing art?” Natasha asks incredulously. “We all saw that mural he did for the church.”
After Steve takes another five-second shower and throws on his suit so that he doesn’t have to worry about it later, they go back to Tony’s place, because Steve says he feels like he doesn’t have room to work in his hotel room, whatever that means. The apartment is kind of a wreck, since Tony lives alone and doesn’t have a reason to keep his exposed wires and heat-sensitive metalworking tools hidden away like he did when he had roommates. Half-finished projects are strewn all over the living room, which doesn’t have any furniture besides his workbench and a couch he fished out of someone’s trash a year ago that sinks to the floor when you sit down in it.
Eventually, it’s speech time, and Tony has rehearsed his in front of the bathroom mirror so many times he knows it by heart. There will be no going off script romcom style, after he spent so many hours writing and editing and re-editing this speech.
It makes Tony feel better that Jan cries, too, especially when Tash steps into the heels that Jan lent her to be her something borrowed. They’re hidden under the dress, but they elevate Natasha’s height so much that she is officially taller than Tony like this. He only hopes that she remembers all the practice they did walking in them and doesn’t trip going down the aisle, which would be embarrassing for everyone involved. Of course, if anyone on all of the Earth can make a fall look graceful, it’s Natasha.
Steve is dressed in last night’s clothes, albeit with the suit jacket and tie discarded, and there’s no way they both don’t look rumpled and disoriented. A neon sign is practically flashing over their heads, telling everyone who sees them exactly what they’ve been up to the last twelve hours.
The eyes of a hundred guests are on them, but Tony doesn’t feel nervous or anxious under their gaze. He has Steve next to him, keeping with his pace by shortening his normal strides in half, and his comforting presence is like a safety blanket.
When they go dress shopping for the first time, Tony cries. He keeps Sharon’s mom Peggy on Facetime so she can see it happen from all the way in England, and she doesn’t even cry at the image of her future daughter-in-law in a wedding gown, but Tony does. Tash knows exactly the style she wants, and she falls in love with the very first one she tries on, which is practical and so Natasha of her. It’s beautiful, though, and Tony doesn’t even care when the boutique lady has to bring him a box of tissues.
Next comes Sharon, donned by her mother on her side. For her, having Peggy there to give her away is a thank you for all the years spent raising her to be such an amazing woman, and Sharon kisses her cheek before joining hands with Natasha. The priest steps up, the music stops, everyone takes their seats, and these beautiful people that Tony loves so dearly begin their life together with two simple words.
“Breakfast with your aunts and uncles and the ladies,” Tony reminds him. “We both have to go, especially after our disappearing act last night.”
Tony is dead on his feet by the end of the whole ordeal, but he’s glad Steve is having fun. The last thing he forces Tony to go to is a dolphin show, where the trainers make them do tricks for the audience. It’s actually pretty cool, but Tony does a quick Google search on how the animals here are treated just to make sure they deserve his cheering before he does it. Everything checks out.
Tash chokes on a sip of cranberry juice. “You know, I really shouldn’t be surprised.” She leans back in her chair, looking Tony up and down, impressed with him. “Congratulations, Tony. You’ve finally found a man-- probably the only one-- able to keep up with your crazy.”
“Thank god,” Natasha says, spinning around in her chair at the vanity to face Tony. “Which lip color? I think the red is too intense, but Sue says it brings out my complexion.”
Tony dissolves into laughter, and catches Natasha giving him an odd look, with a little smile like she knows all his secrets. He closes his mouth immediately.
“Well,” Steve pauses. “No, but that’s, uh, eerily close. Now I’m kind of worried you won’t like it.”
Steve huffs out a laugh and guns the engine, slowly driving them back to shore. “I’ll always be a Brooklyn slums kid, no matter where I may end up in the future.” His voice goes quiet at the end there.
Steve shrugs. “This is a painting for my cousin. It’s not- this would never be hung up in a museum, or anything.”
Carol’s stomach hilariously rumbles after a few minutes, so they make their way back inside. Natasha is apparently the only one who noticed that they left, because of course she did, and given Tony a questioning look from her seat when he meets her eyes. He simply shakes his head, motioning his arms to hopefully convey that he’ll tell her later. She looks satisfied by that, and returns to her meal.
“Or maybe I’m just getting good at predicting you,” Steve says. “If you want to turn on your death metal you can, because clearly you still need to wake up a little and today would be a really bad day to fall asleep at the wheel and get us into an accident.”
“I don’t know where you got this impression that I’m some kind of flaky, unreliable miscreant, but it’s frankly offensive,” Tony gapes. “I said I’d help, so I will.”
They’re forced to part ways pretty quickly once they arrive an hour later, passing off their gift to one of the event managers at the vineyard to make sure it’s put in the proper place for the reception while they’re busy doing other things. It’s a beautiful venue, even with the sun just now poking up over the horizon, alighting the rows of neatly-trimmed plants lining the footpath with a hazy glimmer. In the distance, Tony can see the pristinely aligned white folding chairs facing towards a silver arch that Sharon and Natasha will be getting married under in a few hours. There are workers scurrying around out there, placing programs on the seats and setting up audio equipment, presumably for playing the wedding march.
“I loved the party. Thank you, Tony,” she says sincerely. “The surprise was great, too. I’m sorry for poking fun at you for talking to Steve so much.”
“Heckles? Is that something your thousand year old boss who still uses Microsoft says?” Tony jokes, in all seriousness unoffended by what Steve said. He knows he can come off a little prickly, but they’ve talked enough by now, even if only about wedding stuff, that he doesn’t care about censoring himself. Steve can judge him all he wants.
“Natasha said-” Tony begins, wrenching his mouth away from Steve’s so they don’t get caught up in each other again. He wants to say this. “She said I should be brave. That if I wanted you, I should just tell you, instead of assuming you didn’t want me too.”
“I knew it,” Tash says, “I backed off because I thought you were getting uncomfortable, but I totally knew it. Alright, so what next? Are you together now?”
Tony looks across the table at Steve, and Steve is already looking at him, that same dreamy gaze from this morning plastered on to his face. Tony looks at Steve, and knows for sure, down to his bones, that he’s looking at the rest of his life.
“I do have steady income,” Steve denies. “It’s just a habit now. I was a pretty poor kid, I had a single mom.” He moves the join Tony on the bed, then seems to think better of it and settles down into the loveseat against the opposite wall. Tony wouldn’t have minded if he sat down with him, but he’s currently kind of starfished across the bed and Steve actually might not have fit with the ridiculously long legs of his.
He nips at Tony’s jaw playfully, but Tony pushes him away gently, just enough to get him to stop, but not make it seem unwelcome. Lord knows none of Steve’s advances will ever be unwelcome for Tony. “We have to talk about something. Honestly, and openly, okay? No getting offended, or angry. Promise?”
, even the little fish in tanks of a thousand of them that aren’t even that cool, and he even stops to read the placards that talk about the species of fish and its origins. Tony itches to move faster, so whenever Steve pauses for what he personally considers to be a little too long, Tony grabs his hand and pulls him along to the next exhibit. They stay at the penguins for a while, though, and that he doesn’t mind so much because they’re cute and kind of dumb. One falls over on its face when it waddles a little too fast, and Steve chuckles when Tony point it out, giggling hysterically.
But he can’t. Because Steve lives in New York, and he lives here. Tony’s panicked reasoning to Carol about why he and Steve could never happen has been mostly shot down by now, but that’s the one sticky issue that remains. He slides off of Steve, and inches away just enough to get his breathing under control and clear his mind. They have to talk about this, it’s important.
“So, yeah, maybe I contributed some small part into Sharon ending up with Natasha. I don’t know how the world works. But, the more I thought about it, I realized that any advice I ever gave her, any favor I did for her, she repaid ten times over. This weekend, I met someone for the first time who’s already become one of my best friends, and it’s because of her. Even today, thinking about the painting that I did, there, and how happy it made me to do it-- like, there’s no way I can’t try and pursue art now. I have to, because there’s nothing else in the world that makes me that content. And I was holding on to my boring day job for so long, and I didn’t listen when anyone told me to stop, including Tony, who made many attempts. But it took Sharon, watching her be so overjoyed with my work that it literally made her cry, for me to
