His own heart rate was increasing as he thought about what he was about to do; but there was no anxiety, no inhibition to hold him back as he went now for the waistband of Dean’s underwear. Hands holding the firmness of Dean’s hips, he tasted the soft flesh below his navel, kissing to his hipbone and then again to the light hairs that disappeared beneath the fabric of his underwear. A moment of eye contact as confirmation and Castiel eased the briefs from Dean’s hips, stomach doing a small somersault as he laid eyes on the fat erection sitting in Dean’s lap. The cotton briefs were quickly forgotten on the carpet as Castiel took Dean’s cock in his grasp. He kissed the tender flesh at the base of it, where the curve of his thigh met his groin, and unashamedly, Dean moaned, throwing his head back. The sound of it was enough to bring Castiel close, if he would let himself.
“O’course, Cas,” Dean replied, unsmiling.
“We’ve got a building a street from here,” Pamela elaborated. “We rent rooms, read your tarot cards, summon your dead grandmother, sell some hash. It’s a living.”
Castiel would have liked to offer to pay for his previous drinks, and let Pamela’s money pay for her next trip to the bar, but he felt that he couldn’t trust Roy to not pocket the cash for himself.
“What do you mean?”
“Why should I tell you?”
“You are kidding.” Cas raised and eyebrow, incredulous.
And one more thing! Here's a reference for the Enochian in this chapter (I've been studying it, and wanted to incorporate some basic phrases) :
“I’m-- I’m--”Dean moaned, a cry catching in his throat, and Castiel felt Dean’s length twitch as he came, hot come splashing his hand before splattering to the ground.
there was that odd, confusing side to their relationship that he could not shake for the life of him. To be honest, he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was. That was what he told himself, at least. You see, the Dean you saw wasn’t always the Dean you got - underneath the quips and  the and leather and the hyper-masculinity and the alcoholism, there was the parts he sublimated, parts that seemed to show themselves more often than he would like. Dean supposed his bond with Cas was a by-product of that internal battle; a weird, insignificant anomaly that just sort of came with a friendship with an awkward celestial being.
It was no use.
I don’t usually get this --
Skinny prostitutes shrouded in cigarette smoke were gathered at street corners pacing in their high heels; drabby-clothed users and addicts filtered through backdoors; and the shouts and murmurs and general sounds of the street were raucous and sinister and lacked all the charm and intrigue of night life in other parts of the city. The humanity was rubbed so raw here -- the wall between society and omnipotent desperation worn so thin -- that it made Castiel want to avert his eyes.
“Stop moving!” Castiel orders with a roar, trying to use his oar to move them away from the fallen tree. It hits the silken mud bottom and embeds, getting stuck. They’re still riding tumultuous waters and without thinking, Castiel tugs.
“And me?”
“But still, he’s…” Dean trails off, suddenly feeling awkward.
Dean, puzzled but assuming he must’ve had it on him when he created the golem, fishes for it a moment and produces it triumphantly to Cas, who flicks it to life and reveals an unlit torch hanging on the cave’s walls. Cas touches it with the lighter and it bursts aflame, surprising Dean into saying, “Woah! Cool.”
“Not romantic.” Cas confirms.
“No, not really.” Cas watches Dean’s mouth moving, and Dean wonders if he’s a germaphobe, or something, being a doctor and all. But, Dean’s pretty sure Cas drank beer after him, so he shrugs it off, “Although I’ve preferred salads to sweets ever since my childhood.”
“I don’t know.” Cas repeats again, lamely.
Dean doesn’t know anything about the social graces here, but he knows he doesn’t want to  investigate anything except for a cure for his brother, so he mumbles, “Well, yeah, but—”
Baely is less preoccupied with fighting Dean and instead frantically tries to brush the liquid away from his skin but it seems to sink into him, leaving his skin to sparkle with gold flecks as his eyes fall closed and he slumps to the floor. Dean checks and, yes, he’s unconscious. Well, that was easy.
Dean spots a potential pitfall: covering the opening of the door was a strip of masking tape, now shredded in two. Dean starts snickering under his breath; do they think he’s in high school? He remembers a rare occasion where he went on an overnight trip for school–or, actually it was Sammy’s Mock Trial group that Dean had tagged along to–and taught his younger brother how to circumvent the ‘ole masking-tape-on-the-door trick by stealing a roll from the hotel’s maintenance closet. And, since he’ll have to heist some new tape, he might as well stretch his legs, right?
Dean’s jaw dropped. “That’s a dark turn from our childhood comics.”
“Just karma,” Cas answers with a completely straight face.
“I think I want to talk to Dean. Do you mind?”
They didn’t wind up watching anything else, instead scrolling the categories endlessly trying to choose something and getting distracted by the summaries and trailers.
Cas just laughs harder at him.
The holidays are the time for family, good food, sweets, and surprises after all. And tonight Dean and Cas have a surprise for all their friends and family: they’re officially retiring from hunting.
“I got defensive about you two putting romantic feelings where they don’t exist,” Cas told her crossly.
“Thank you for letting me know what's been said about me,” Castiel smiles grimly at him. “I can assure you that none of that is true. I know we've only just met, but that would all be highly out of character for me.” He pauses with a concerned expression on his face before continuing. “Do you still want to be my roommate?”
“Wow, that's so cheesy,” Charlie says, with a grin. “But pretty cute, so I guess they get a pass.”
“She called you Cas,” Dean blurts out.
“Oh, right, I forgot. Sorry Bart.”
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore,” Cas moaned in annoyance. “I’ve had enough truth for one night. Can we go back to rewatching Arrested Development now? I’m sorry for being a downer.”
“You can’t just say things like that, Cas!” Dean says indignantly while blotting his mouth. He can feel that flush returning.
.” He hears the emphasis on his name and knows Sam is calling him a hermit. Little brothers. “Yeah? What people?” he demands instead.
They didn't speak excessively during the movie, but Dean didn't care even though his choice won. Castiel was sitting beside him. Someone he didn't think he would ever get to meet again. Their thighs touched on the loveseat and Dean felt downright giddy.
Ms. Jones and Ms. Hanscum both laugh. “Those boys have a real sense of humour,” Ms. Hansum says.
Castiel looked equally serious when he replied, “I would take the best care of it.”
“So will you be in trouble because I’m here?” Dean can’t help but ask.
“I don’t know what you want me to tell you, Bart. We’ve only been together for six months. I don’t know if I can handle you being this jealous of my friends.” Castiel told him, really proud of how steady he sounds.
After all, Dean knew he was going to win this bet.
“Ah, no. Never. My baby--my car broke the other day,” Dean finds himself explaining.
Even from her distance she could see Castiel’s face brighten at the acceptance. “Losechester?” he asked. “I guess that means I should be on your team, Victor. Unless you want me to be on yours,” he added quickly, looking at Dean for his reaction.
“Awesome. Well, I will leave you to it then…” Dean hesitates. Should he kiss Cas? He starts to lean in. On the cheek? Oh the MOUTH? How does he usually do this again??
“Have you been trying to make the time to see him?” Alex questioned.
“What? Yeah, of course,” Charlie says.
“Nu-uh, you almost puked,” Dean cried out, offended.
It was three months ago when their friendship changed.
Dean’s heart rate picks up speed. God, he feels like a lovesick teenage girl. “Wait, what are
Dean can usually watch videos with friends like this no problem. Hell, there was one weekend he spent with Charlie plastered against him the entire time only taking breaks to go to the bathroom or getting up to pay the food delivery people, watching the entire extended Lord of the Rings series. Dean hadn’t given it a second thought spending so much time in close proximity to another person. But with Cas beside him, something is different and he’s having a hard time placing what it is. Maybe it’s just the need to protect him from the vicious stories that he hears that fans the flames he feels when their thighs are touching, knee to hip with no space in between them. It can’t be anything else. Dean’s protective of his friends and Castiel is now in that category.
“No, I know that.” Dean says, and there’s a hint of a roar in his voice, if it were to elevate, “I mean, why were after the lich this whole time?”
“And you were trying your best. I was being an ass.” Dean can’t believe how civil they’re acting.
Dean laughs, victorious, though he’s got no idea of what aquafaba is. It takes Cas a moment of rummaging underneath the counter before he produces a bag of white powder labelled aquafaba, and they combine it with water to make a gooey, gelatinous substance that Dean wrinkles his nose at.
“No.” Cas answers, but he sounds more thoughtful, so Dean feels less stupid for asking, “Even though your golem is linked to you it is, again, much like dreaming. When you die in a dream, you wake up. Your soul returns to you.”
Benny is taken aback, coming off defensive and with a new bite to his voice, “I wouldn’t do that, brother.”
“Oh.” Cas breathes, his features softening like water softens clay, erasing the hard lines and leaving something sympathetic in their place, but their cloudiness smothers secrets, “When will you be leaving?”
Dean fumes from where he’s sat on the carpet, but there isn’t much heart in it, “What do you know, really? We’re all on this shitty dating show. Maybe you’re trying to sabotage me.”
He’s not stunned at the lack of answer, just let down. It didn’t even sting that much, not like it had. Even though the glimmer of hope he was nursing is tossed into the fire and abandoned to smolder. He doesn’t have time to dwell, returning to the house where his brother is stirring.
“What are you talking about?” Dean protests, and the flush of embarrassment starts to creep up his neck.
Charlie,
“Fine. Hm, this one’s interesting, ‘Do you get along with your BFF’s other friends and family?’”
After a long moment Cas sprawls out over him, his arms and legs fitting into the gaps of Dean’s and his face is pressed into Dean’s neck. Dean is relaxed, still blissed-out and jelly-limbed as he absentmindedly strokes Cas’s bare back. They don’t move for a long time, long enough that Dean cools and finds himself grateful for his human blanket. He could lie here forever.
She glimpses the cameras, sits upright in her seat as she flows into the performance, “So, Dean, why’d you come here?”
“Fine, I guess I’m marrying Cas for his money, then... I hope Lisa can cope.” Dean pretends to pout, but ends up smiling at his own joke, “What would you do?”
“Guilty.” Benny fakes a sheepishness with his answer.
At the threshold to Cas’s room, Dean knows he should usher and seal Cas inside before returning to his own bed, their evening over. But something else in him prevails, and before he knows it he’s hopping into Cas’s still-made bed and breaking through some of Cas’s boundaries like tape on doors in one swoop.
“Then go to bed, stupid.”
And then Dean whistles, and Zulges reappears on the mountainside in time to stop Dean from doing something stupid, like forgive Cas, because there’s something deep in his chest that feels for Cas, even understands him, the part that conveniently wants to hold onto Cas and never let him go. So Dean climbs Zulges while Cas watches in silence and doesn’t wait up before telepathically asking Zulges to take him back.
Dean’s chest heaves. “No.”
At last he reaches the master bedroom, which he could tell by its extravagance, its ornateness eclipsing the rest of the house, even the main entrance. It was clear that this was the most important room and thus the most looked after, from the over-the-top furniture to the meticulous cleaning. Dust bunnies were vanquished and no expense was neglected. And yet, Cas wasn’t there.
The bartender had directed them to go to a swampish part of town, with huge swaths of grass that come up over their heads, and they come to a house made out of old sheets of dead tree bark looking  haphazardly stuck in the ground with a beaten, holey roof that threatens to crumble around them. It looks to be vacant for decades, except for a few stray scraps of food littered around the front lawn, looking as they’d been thrown out with flies still buzzing about them. Other lawn ornaments include an actual stick and skull—not human, by the looks—in some idiotic attempt to be threatening.
He feels his head connect with the wall behind him, and then he’s lunging forward as he first tries to sit up and then, discovering he was already standing, stumbles into a lush patch of grass, tall enough to brush his knees. He’s not in Kansas anymore.
Up on one of the monitors is the footage from some remote camera and with a sinking, wretched sense of dread Dean realizes that it’s centered on the pool in the backyard of the mansion, and that he and Cas are in it. Dean feels heat flood his face and a heart attack building in his chest as he watches himself kiss Cas, and he knows that it was that night and that the whole thing was being recorded. He has to look away, feeling that he might actually get sick. Max pauses the video and Dean gives the screen one last fleeting glance and sees himself mid-lowering himself to Cas’s groin and he tears his eyes away as his stomach roils with nausea.
“I signed up for this show before you, Dean. You’re just playing catch-up.”
By the time Dean makes it down to the living room most of the other contestants are there, overflowing the furniture at the direction of the directors, who are trying to get everyone into a good shot. Dean is flushed along to an empty seat next to a guy who sits rigidly, eyes slinking and sliding over every contestant like he’s tallying up their flaws and virtues, stacked and ready to deliver.
“That’s not so hard.” Dean argues.
The man considers him like a microbe squirming pathetically under a microscope, “Castiel.”
The angel stood in front of him, wearing just black briefs, cowboy boots and Dean's Stetson. Dean could feel the blood leave his head and direct itself south. Cas pressed a button on a remote and from speakers in the ceiling Dean could hear a guitar playing. As the beat picked up Cas started to move his hips along to it. The human hadn't even notice the pole that stood in the middle of the room, in fact he hadn't noticed the room at all. It was nice, a huge plushy bed in the back, a jacuzzi bathtub big enough for both men to fit in, and a shiny pole in the center that his beautiful boyfriend was swaying towards.  As the song progressed and Toby Keith started singing Cas began to feel more confident, gyrating against the pole.
Hallelujah, Hallelujah
Walking through the front door, Jack already had a few of his new albums out to show Sam. The rest of the day spent listening to the young man talk about his experience and his opinion of music he heard at the shop, like a child discussing a visit to the zoo, overwhelmed with excitement.
Cas settled himself between Dean's legs, resting his forearms on each side of the man's head. His white shorts meeting Dean's dark grey ones. Together, they rubbed against each other till they found a rhythm. Precum seeping through their shorts, hushed moans accompanied the music.
After a song or two Dean would change the station, letting Jack listen to different genres. The radio flipped to a jazz station and Dean quickly changed it without a chance. "Jazz is not welcome in my house. Got it kid?"
"Therapy, probably," replied the taller man, not even glancing up from his book on witchcraft.
I got the money if you got the honey
Who's your daddy, who's your baby?
"Dance with me?" The angel whispered in the dark. The taller man let out a breath he didn't know he was holding as he wrapped his arms around the other. Together, they swayed to the music, embracing each other. Every now and again bumping noses and sharing the air between them.
"Whatever the reason, I could eat it all the time. Burgers and pasta and I'm set for life," he yawned. Castiel quickly took off the rest of his ensemble, leaving just white boxers. He slid onto the bed with his boyfriend. Maybe Cas could cook Dean a romantic meal? It would be slightly difficult considering he wouldn't be able to actually taste test the food and not the chemical composition.
You know I got it, come and get it
Ironic as it seemed, Cas seemed to enjoy this song, as did Dean.
Don't you sweat it
"Stay here, put your bag on the couch and get comfortable." Cas instructed.
"You can come here now."
In the car, Dean turned the radio louder, "You just say something when you hear something you like, so we can get an idea of what you're into."
Their pace quickened, kisses became messy and frantic. Sweat built on Cas's back. Dean threw his head back and let out a loud moan.
"You wanna watch a movie? Why am I asking? We're gonna watch it regardless," Dean grinned back at Cas. Quickly, Dean grabbed the remote and flipped through the selection until he found a movie that he liked, True Grit.
"And you believe that would be a good anniversary present?" Cas squinted.
Everything is waiting inside for you
The next morning Jack asked his angelic father if he could take him to the store, stating that the internet told him kids his "age" listened to music and bought records of artists they enjoyed.
Who's your daddy, who's your baby?
"Amen," whispered Cas. Dean gave him a look that can only be described as scandalized.
"Cas I swear to God if you don't get on that bed right now and let me ride you, I'm going to explode."
The two men had been "dating" for nearly a 3 years now, though their relationship had been blossoming for many more than that. Sam often remarked that they had basically been married for a good part of 10 years. Officially, they've only been together for 2 years, 11 months and 17 days, marked the same day Cas came back from the Empty.
The rest of their anniversary was spent there.
"That's just ridiculous." Dean closed the fridge and padded back to the couch. In the quiet room Dean could only hear shuffling coming from Cas's direction. The door creaked open and the angel peaked his head out.
"Watch it. Anyways, the old stuff, like Cash and Strait, now that stuff is good," Dean turned the volume down to speak to Jack but Cas just listened to the quiet music in the background. That's when Cas heard it.
"I'll admit this is pretty nice but I don't know if it's two-hour-drive nice," he emphasized the last word with a simple eyebrow raise.
But you don't really care for music, do you?
"Dean isn't that just 50% of your personality?" The boy in the back asked innocently.
Who's your daddy, who's your baby?
Well, your faith was strong but you needed proof
"It's all good, baby. I already got like 4 hours, that's basically my 8."
The Winchester immediately made himself comfortable on the full sized bed they had found in storage and moved to the room, it wasn't huge but much better than the twin he had previously.
That night while three of them ate spaghetti and the other enjoyed the company, the angel made note of every time his lover commented on something he enjoyed or saw in town that piqued his interest. Castiel had a list of ideas but none seemed like the right option, so he decided to think about it later: when he was alone.
As the tempo picked up they moved towards the bed, never stopping their swaying. Together, they fell onto the mattress.
They laid together, catching their breath.
You know I got it, come and get it
"New country usually isn't that good, it's all about beer and cars, no real soul to it,"
"Really? Just because the song is about all that holiness or whatever-"
Who's your daddy, who's your baby?
And I've seen your flag on the marble arch
"Baby I've been tortured in Hell, I think I can handle not touching myself," Dean scoffed. Cas untied the blindfold and slipped it off Dean's eyes. The hunter let his eyes adjust to the light and his breath caught in his throat, maybe he had spoke too soon.
Cas really started to put on a show, running his hands over his chest down to his groin. His dick standing at attention.
And from your lips, she drew the Hallelujah
You run on a little tough luck baby
"It is a carb loaded meal, boosts the production of serotonin," replied Cas, taking off his trenchcoat and jacket.
"Cas, baby, please touch me, please," the man begged. Always one to please the man, Cas sat up and pulled both their underwear down to the thigh. He brought his hand up to Dean's mouth, without hesitation Dean grabbed it and started licking. Cas took his hand back and spit into it, then circled around both their shafts. As the angel pumped his hand Dean reached up and pulled Cas in for another kiss, moaning into the other's mouth. "I'm so close, Cas. Don't stop, don't stop," he pleaded.
Dean even bought a few cassettes himself, ones he previously had but were so worn they could barely play anymore. Cas just had one song he cared about at the moment, the one from the radio.
"Definitely something he enjoyed. I think I finally understand the appeal to those cowboy movies."
Gentle kisses began to be exchanged. Hands caressing with tender precision. Both of the men's breathing getting heavier and more labored.
That David played and it pleased the Lord
Let's cut a deal let's make a plan
Tiptoeing to his and Dean's bedroom, he started stripping his trenchcoat off. Finally, making it to the door he sighed, exhausted from his trip, all he wanted was to see his family, starting with Dean. Cas pushed the door open only to be greeted with a gun pointed at his face and a rather pissed off hunter.
Once again, Cas's mind began to wander, trying to think of the perfect gift for the man he loved deeply. Slowly, Dean's breathing got heavier and suddenly he was asleep.
"So, how was the anniversary? You get Dean a good present?" Sam asked Cas later in the library.
"Oh baby," Dean sighed, shoving Cas towards the large bed.
"It's what most people say when they finish praying. Since you never really ended your prayer from earlier, I thought I would do it for you," replied the angel. Dean's eyes widened again.
It was quiet in the room, except for the low music playing from the small radio on the desk. It was a gift from Jack to his fathers, one of those ones that could hook up to your phone. Dean would always play music to sleep to when Cas wasn't home, a substitute for the angel's voice that spoke to him as he drifted. Though, he'd never admit it he had created a playlist specifically for when he missed him partner.
The dark haired man took charge and pulled Dean towards him, much to the hunter's surprise.
Cas stared into Dean's eyes giving him a penetrating look, almost interrogating him with just his eyes, Cas in a low voice questioned, "Who's your daddy?" The end of the verse played out as Cas stood.
You saw her bathing on the roof
"Oh yeah, I'm sure the kid wants to listen to Dave Mustaine and Robert Plant all day," Sam joked.
"Jack, you should've asked me, I have great music taste!"
"Whatever you want," Cas helped his partner up and pulled him close, "darlin'." He said in a fake southern accent he picked up from Dean's movies.
Soft piano played from the speaker.
"I hope you don't mind, I didn't have time to pick up a proper blindfold."
"Usually you end them but tonight you just fell asleep," he answered. "I missed you, too"
The song reminded Cas of when Dean had taken him to a strip club, when they thought it was Cas's last day on Earth. Cas made sure to remember those lyrics to look up later, for now he focused on helping his son find albums he enjoyed and wanted to buy at the record store. Dean made sure he got some classic rock mixed into the selection of music neither of the older men had heard of. Jack said they were very popular online, artists like Harry Styles and BTS had huge followings an were very common in young pop culture.
"It will be."
"Stop complaining we're almost there, it'll be worth it, I promise." Cas's baritone voice dropped to a bass tone for last two words.
Cas sauntered back to Dean, stepping behind him. He placed his hands on the man's chest and started feeling him up to the beat. Then, Dean heard Cas's deep voice sing along into his ear.
Cas had been away for a few weeks now, Dean being his emotionally repressed self had pretended to not care. He wandered around the bunker with no purpose, faked listening to Sam or Jack talk about a case or theory, nodding his head and giving agreements. When he was alone at night, sitting on his bed, missing the warmth that Cas always seemed to radiate, the man would bow his head and pray.
As Toby Keith sang, "I got the money if you got the honey,"  Cas crawled on his hands and knees to Dean, squeezing the other mans thighs. Leaning back on his heels, he once again grabbing his hat, other hand behind him and pumping his hips up.
Cas made his preparations for the special day, he made reservations at a special hotel just a few hours away. He also made sure to pack Dean's Stetson that he wore in Dodge City, when they pretended to be Texas Rangers. He was careful to pack some other necessities as well. Cas researched his surprise, wanting it to be perfect for his partner.
A few days later they were greeted at the door with a hug from Jack and a simple "hey" from Sam.
"You leave Zeppelin out of this! My first gift to Cas was Zeppelin." Dean snapped.
"This is totally okay, just guide me where you want me," the hunter said excitedly. Castiel led him a few steps until he was pushed back onto a chair.
And love is not a victory march
Who's your buddy, who's your man?
She tied you to the kitchen chair
Hey, Cas, sorry we haven't talked today. I don't know how busy you are so I don't really know when it would be a good time to call you. Look, I know I don't really say it often but, I miss you. I really miss you, Cas. I want you home. I'm not even sure if you can hear me right now but I really hope you can. Just, come home soon, and come home safe.
She broke your throne and she cut your hair
"Lay your pretty little head down once in a while," Cas stepped back in front of Dean, crowding him and pushing the man's legs open. Straddling Dean, Cas lifted his hand and placed it on the hat, holding it like he was riding a bull. The man in boots started circling his hips to the tempo, letting the voice control him. Suddenly, he was off Dean's lap, making the hunter whine at the loss.
I'd heard there was a secret chord
Who's your buddy, who's your man?
"Sam, what does Dean need? Something he's never had before?"
Castiel hadn't been the best at gift giving ever since he understood the concept, well except the gifts he got or Jack, but those were different. Jack was Cas's son, not his lover, or his almost-brother-in-law. Jack was also a toddler in a young-adult body, he had about as much social understanding as the angel, so he was easier to please than the other men in the bunker. But this year Cas was determined to make Dean overjoyed with his gift, he had one problem, though; he had no idea what to get the man.
“Please don’t worry yourself. They were only accidents.” The right side of Castiel’s mouth quirks into a smile. “Unless they weren’t?”
“Charlie, I know you love a good story and you know you can’t rush those. Now keep your shirt on,” Ms. Hanscum admonishes, hands on her hips. “Let me tell you this story.”
“Hmm, maybe not,” Cole conceded. “So wanna hang out sometime soon? As just friends again?” he added after.
Bart looked unimpressed. “Cassie, it’s been almost a month since we last were in the same room. I’m glad you’re helping your friend, but can we not talk about Dean for five minutes?” He leaned into Castiel’s personal space. “I can think of lots of other fun things we could do to catch up…” he let the statement dangle, the implication apparent.
“Whoa, calm down there, buddy. I only just came in.”
“Within the first month of us knowing each other.”
They're starting their fourth pitchers. It turns out Cas does like beer, as long it's not the cheap water that Dean started them with. Their scores are really nothing to write home about, Cas having a grand total of fourteen at the end of the first game and Dean with a much better one seventy five. Cas is still rambling about learning how to throw better as he gets progressively more drunk. A chip lining in their stomachs isn't anywhere near enough to stave off drunkenness. And so what if it’s making Dean a little more handsy than he usually is? Cas wants to learn how to bowl better and he’s not getting any better through words alone. And maybe he's doing a bit better this game now that Dean's getting behind him and guiding his arm. He's sure not getting any worse.
A small frown graces the man’s face. “What happened?” he asks.
“Do you want me to take over that?”
“Can’t stand the ones I have,” he muttered into his bottle of beer.
Dean starts weighing the ingredients, focusing while Castiel is pulling more things out of cupboards and muttering to himself. Dean puts the dry ingredients in one bowl, the wet in another, just like Cas taught him. He has everything scaled out for both batches of vanilla cupcakes when Cas is done rummaging.
“I suppose that’ll have to do,” Bart grumbled. “I’ll see if I can find the time.”
The man was in the middle of taking his second shoe off when he looked up at Dean, eyes wide. “Dean?”
“Well,” Castiel started, “if that’s what you want…I guess that’s it.”
"We make our own rules," Dean tells him with a kiss to his cheek. "And we can definitely make our own Christmas traditions too. If you want my help, I'm all in but if you don't that's okay too." He lowers their hands still holding on though and looks around the kitchen. "Now how about we eat?"
Sam glares at Dean again. “Dean. Do you want these rumours or not? Stop interrupting me.”
With concern for Castiel settling into the class dynamic gone, the school year seemed to pass in a flash. Before she knew it, the days were sticky, hot, and long, all she really wanted was an iced coffee with all the whipped cream, and the last day of school was fast approaching.
Alex leaned over and gave Castiel a hug. “You don’t need to apologize for that, kiddo. You can always come to us about your problems.” Jo nodded with a smile from where she was sitting.
‘Hey man im not disagreeing. Do you always use emoticons’
“It’s been a while now, but I can still remember everything,” Ms. Jones starts, “I was studying physical therapy at the time, before I decided to become a teacher. Dean and his friend Jo were studying the same thing, so we had classes together and shared textbooks to save some money. One night we were hanging out with Jo getting ready to watch a movie…”
“This is all your fault anyway, Sammy,” Dean complains into the phone.
.” And maybe there is still a bit of alcohol in his system because he continues. “This might not be what you want to hear but you make me happy and my stomach flips when I'm around you, even though you talk when we watch movies, and I gotta listen to my gut. It's always right,” he finishes boldly with a wink, hiding his nerves at his impromptu confession.
“And I’m a Princeknight,” Dean boasted, flipping to a drawing of himself. Seeing the question on Donna’s face, he continued, “I wanted to be both, and a Prince can do that. Look.” On this page, there was Prince Dean, wearing a helmet that was half crown, and looking regal on his black horse. “My horse is named Impala. That’s after my Dad’s car. It’s also black.”
“You weren’t that excited when he first asked you out. Do you remember?” Cas didn’t want to remember, but he knew he asked Jo over for a reason. She was blunt and this is what he needed.
“At seven.”
She looked up at that and saw Dean give Castiel a small wave and smile; Castiel looked a little less nervous than before, and he returned the wave.
“Well, I can't see myself so I can only laugh at you.”
Castiel stands up, carefully placing a bookmark in his book and leaving it on his bed.
There was a tentative knock on the door. Jo was up in a flash to get it and Dean got one last eye roll in before she could see it.
“I’ll try that first then,” Cas agrees.
Castiel laughed at him. “Yes, I'll just summarize the last seven or so years of my life for you. Well, we moved a few more times. Everywhere looks the same. High school is terrible everywhere you go. And now I study illustration. How's that?” he watched Dean while sipping his beer.
Cas rolls his eyes at him and continues eating. “Cas, man, you should be watching my awesome form. Watch me get these two!” He waits for the black ball to return to take his turn quickly swooping in to grab it. It's his for today. He readies his arm and lets swing, aiming for the remaining pins. He really doesn't remember the last time he was bowling, but the motion is familiar all the same. Ball stretched back, walk into the throw, keep the ball low, and aim. He lets the ball fly and it speeds down the lane veering left. He shouldn't be this excited at the very beginning of the game, but he can't help it. He's got a fun game, great food, and Cas. What could make for a better night? The ball approaches the pins and knocks over the last two. Dean whoops again as they click and clack down the resetter. Cas smiles at the antics and Dean rushes over to join him. “You did see that, right? Off to a great start. Now we just gotta work on you.”
“You are disgusting.” Dean scoffs in mock offense as Sam talks over him. “The other rumour Jess told me is that he’s a pimp.”
There's a boy around Dean's age sitting on the bed on the left, the bed on the right is bare. He's holding a book loosely in his hand, questioning look on his face. His hair is slightly too long, covering his ears and falling into his eyes but doing nothing to hide his bright blue eyes. Dean does everything he can to not have at how handsome this boy is and he's pleased to say that he succeeded.
“Oh, really? What else do you know how to make? Do you know how to make pie?” Dean can’t even contain the excitement in his voice.
“You talk about us?” Kevin asks. He looks slightly terrified at the very possibility.
“This university is the top in the state for physiotherapy,” Dean said, not looking up. “That should mean everything is in the curriculum for a reason. Now are you going to help?” Dean finally looked up at Cole. Cole's laptop was open, but Dean could see the screensaver. He wished he could be upset, but Dean was not that fond of presentations either; however, there was also no way he would let Cole get out of doing his share.
“They might just be growing pains. All relationships go through bumps,” she suggested. He nodded into her shoulder.
He was not ready for this. This conversation, this moment, this anything. He wasn’t ready for his family to move away after the eighth grade, he wasn’t ready for Dean to be out of his life when he was only thirteen. He wasn’t ready for Dean to be back in his life when he never expected it to even happen. He wasn’t ready for Bart to break up with him even if the feelings weren’t there. He wasn’t ready to be out of school and in the real world, but that was a different crisis to deal with later.
“What.” It’s not a question, just a statement from the growly, sleep-filled voice of his husband. Kiss. “Stop.” Kiss. “Stubble.” Kiss. “It’s sandpaper.” Kiss. “I’m soft.” Dean laughs and gives Cas’ shoulder one final kiss. He scootches higher up on the bed to be closer to Cas’ face.
“Please. I'm so ready to get home.”
“Succinct,” Dean said with a grin. “Why illustration?”
“Well, you win,” Cas told Dean.
He had seriously considered taking a cab to work this morning. Dean had spent most of his shift the day before thinking about his embarrassing moment yesterday and he cringes again now just thinking about the moment of impact when his foot kicked the handsome man’s bag. But what are the odds of him being on the bus again at the
Charlie feels herself flush. “Ohh, that. Yeah, but it's no big deal…”
“It's funny!” Dean defends. “I didn't realise you didn't even really know the basics.”
Instead of addressing his concern, Dean chooses to ignore it instead opting to introduce his new friend to movies and television shows--Dean can’t believe how little Cas has actually seen and decides it’s his goal in life to introduce all his favourites with him. They spend their evenings huddled together on Dean’s bed, laptop in front of them, thighs touching.
“Finally!” Aaron cheers, cramming all his belongings into his bag. Everyone else follows suit and the class is a flurry of motion.
he can leave. He tries to convince himself that he’s still not nervous about this. He’s just finally going to sit down with Cas with no interruptions. No work, no fellow commuters, no adorable children. Dean feels his heart rate pick up slightly as he actually leaves his apartment this time, letting the door slam behind him.
Cas raises his eyebrows. “Do I? How did you avoid all the fallout?” he asks.
“Me neither…” Dean trails off. He doesn’t want to leave, of course. But he can’t decide how to actually do it. His hand idly goes to the back of his neck. “So listen I don't know how you feel about Mexican but I know this place… Saturdays they usually have live music if you like that sort of thing…”
Castiel gives Dean a small smile and he can’t help but think that he looks like a kicked puppy. “Well, if you’re sure…”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Shut it, Sam. Cas didn't answer when I even mention his past roommate. It's like talking to a brick wall sometimes. He talks freely about everything, anything else except him.”
“There’s just not enough time in a day,” Cas rationalized to the women.
Dean turns and walks away from the phone to his kitchen.
And immediately does a one eighty and goes to collect the phone again. The volume is off. Just because he’s not manning it every second doesn’t mean he doesn’t want to know when he gets a text.
“Good night.”
He speaks animatedly with the man the entire trip, not even noticing the time pass or whatever it is that is jabbing into his back. He almost misses the recording that announces that it is his stop.
“Wow, what happens next?” Castiel asked in rapt attention, chin resting on his fists as he leaned across his desk.
“Is this okay?” Cas nervously asks.
“Yes?” Cas startles.
“And just as modest as ever,” Cas teased. “Let me give you a compliment.”
The company would be nice at least.’
“You're lucky that's not actually the heavy box, bitch.”
Last week while out for their usual grocery shop, he'd brought the subject up to Sam. Always ready to help a friend, Sam agreed and immediately pulled up a few possible recipes to choose from on his phone. On their trip home, Cas insisted on holding his bag of ingredients on his lap so he could read all the labels to try to understand why each ingredient was important.
Dean exhales a breath he didn't realise he'd been holding. He really didn't know what he'd been expecting, but it definitely wasn't this. Castiel is a good person with a kind heart that doesn't deserve to be talked to like that. He should be told exactly how amazing he is daily at least, and taken care of, and really just cherished… Dean feels a bit strange and chalks it up to the whiskey. But then he remembers he's only taken a single sip which is so very weird because his stomach is flip flopping and he feels heat in his cheeks. But if it's not the booze then…
It takes Dean a while, too long really, to wonder if the rumours might have been started by Cas’ past roommate. He finds himself thinking about the defiant look on his face when he told Dean he is gay and the fact that Cas was the one that got to keep the room. That might cause someone to feel bitter enough to start shit.
Dean pats his coat down looking for his phone. “I gotta get to work, but I’ll take your number. We can figure out a time.” Castiel nods in agreement, smile still in place. Dean’s still patting his coat, but he still can’t find his phone.
Tonight definitely counted as living.
When it was Dean and Castiel’s turn, they each grabbed an end and walked their diorama to the front. They chose the part where Harry, Ron, and Hermione have gone through the trapdoor and get caught in the devil’s snare. They used a box turned on its side. On the top, they had Fluffy the three-headed dog beside the trap door. In the middle of the box they had a mess of vines with Harry and Ron struggling, their frowny faces painted on. Their Hermione figure was underneath the vines looking up. The door to the next room glimmered just behind her.
"It's none of your business," Sam swoops in with the save. Dean scoffs, a reminder that Dean considers the kitchen to be his territory, and Cas releases the breath he didn't realize he was holding when Sam adds absentmindedly while plating everyone's breakfast, "Besides, he needs to do this now."
Dean lays back down on the bed. “I was thinking about our first kiss. I couldn’t even tell you how happy I was at the time, but I couldn’t help but wish it had happened earlier. Where would our lives be now if we’d been better at staying in touch when we were kids? Would we have chosen the same university together instead of it happening by chance? Would we have started dating earlier? Would we have broken up because we were too immature for that serious of a relationship so young? There were a lot of times when we first started dating that I wished we had been together earlier. Like we’d wasted so much time not being together.”
Cas’ head bobs sleepily. Dean knows that he’d nearly pulled an all nighter last night, only crawling to bed around 4am, so he isn’t surprised to see Cas is drifting now. After a few minutes, Cas’ head lands on Dean’s shoulder and this time stays there for good. A few minutes later and Dean can hear his soft snores. He turns the volume down on that laptop and lets him sleep.
“What? He ran away? What was he running from? That kid didn't look like he could scare anyone. Where do you even get this garbage from?”
Dean throws on his patented smirk. “Oh, I can fix that.” He saunters over to the lane, grin still in place as he gives a quick sweeping look around for employees. There's no one, so he walks carefully and quickly along the lane divider to the ball. He gives another glance around before he picks the ball up and walks it to the pins throwing it at them and knocking over nine of them. He walks back just as cockily as before and sits back down for more chips.
Cas' three prints are from Nut and Bee, a now defunct company that used to have the most adorable illustrations. The kitchen image is curtesy of Google image search.
Cas just looks annoyed at Dean's excitement. “Better would be getting it all the way to the end of the lane. You don't have to pat me on the back for the slightest improvement.”
“Nice to meet you, Castiel. This is my baby brother, Sammy. He gets to carry the heavy boxes.” Dean glances at Sam. He's got a strange look on his face, but still smiles and shakes Castiel’s hand.
It wasn’t until the last fifteen minutes that things started getting rowdy. The whole class had slowly been starting to quietly chat with each other but the volume increased gradually over the period. She had shushed them a few times and they’d gone back to studying, but with class coming to an end, she was having a harder time getting them in line. It's not until Dean bursted out in a full belly laugh that she could really do anything since he had been the loudest. She could see the notes open on his desk.
“Bethany. Do you need to borrow
“Cas, this evening is about to take a turn,” he announces proudly. “I sure hope you’re ready.”
Dean sputters the coffee he was just sipping. “Am I?”
“Those are just the parts I was there for,” she explains. “There’s actually someone else that knows them. Hang on a sec.” She runs from the room. She probably should have gotten her when the story first started, but she’ll have to be okay jumping in half way.
“I’m catching up with an old friend.” He was completely baffled by Bart’s reaction to this. “He was such a big part of my life. It broke my heart when we had to move and he wasn’t part of it anymore. You’re always busy. Who am I supposed to spend my time with? Am I just supposed to stay alone in my room in my spare time? Why are you making such a big deal about this?”
“How long is long?”
“That makes sense,” Dean said gravely, “That Prince Dean is a real firecracker. Someone to keep him in line is a good idea.”
Dean looked intensely offended at the slight against him. “Oh, it. Is. On, Henrickson. You better be ready—” With a flourish, Dean whipped off his tearaway track pants to reveal his shorts underneath. “—because those are fighting words.”
Dean smiled before saying, “I guess I can be okay with that. Victor is a pretty good guy to be friends with, too.”
...But he was tired, too: tired of having no spark with Bart. Tired of looking at his art and feeling like there was no heart in it. Tired of feeling like something was missing in his life. Tired of being incomplete.
“Good. I’m meeting him later this week,” Cas sighed contentedly. “I’m so happy that we met again.”
He'd never be able to tell you exactly what sounds like, but Dean swears he can hear Sam roll his eyes over the phone. “Why are you so invested in this? The stories don't affect you. Unless are they starting to include you too?”
Six months ago, Castiel had been taking a break from school, his home, and most importantly, his annoying roommate. He'd taken a copy of
“Dude, I smile like an idiot when I’m talking to you.” Dean grins. “I thought it was kind of obvious.”
“Big time. Sometimes it's the most exciting part of the day,” she pauses to think. “Well, except when someone brings in donuts or makes the fancy coffee.”
The stranger goes to turn the page, hand going to his mouth to lick a finger, eyes taking a break and glancing at the people around him. His eyes land on Dean. Dean can feel his face redden and he swings his head up to look at the ceiling. Great. Now he’s been caught basically staring at this person. Right after his embarrassing thing yesterday. Could taking the bus be any more painful?
“That was our story!” Dean exclaimed. They were at Dean’s apartment for the evening just hanging out on the couch. He was on his laptop looking at Castiel’s webcomic. Castiel blushed slightly and nodded. “I thought you said your comic was about your everyday life. I can’t believe you’re still working on this…”
He didn’t expect an immediate response, but she must have been online.
“Hey, buddy! Good morning,” he said wrapping his arms around Miracle and rocking the two of them back and forth in a deep embrace while he steals her warmth.
“Rumours?” Castiel looks skeptical. “Well, one of them is probably true. Unless they all are. What have you heard?”
“Please, don’t mention it. It just happens when you ride the bus.” A small smile starts at the corner of the stranger’s mouth. “You don’t take the bus often do you?”
. So funny. It's a buddy cop movie, can't believe you haven't seen it. We should watch it together.” Dean knows he's rambling, he can feel the words tumbling out of his mouth, but he can't seem to stop them. “Listen, I'm sorry making things awkward with this rumour thing. My brother got in my head about it. How about we start over?”
“I don't know what that means,” Cas says sadly. “And how do we get the ball out? Should we call an attendant maybe?”
“Well, Jess told me--”
Castiel raises an eyebrow at him and the beer. “Oh?” he simply asks.
“When did you get here?” he gasps out.
“Let’s see this recipe,” he says to Cas. He takes the
? Big test? Group project? … something a bit more exciting?”
“What am I gonna do with new friends? The ones I got drive me crazy enough as it is,” Dean retorted as he shoved Jo off the couch with a thud. She righted herself, but stayed seated on the floor.
Dean lit up at the suggestion, “Really? That would be awesome!”
The conversation left him lots to think about, at least.
“No, I'm getting the hang of this now,” Dean answers happily.
“Naturally. And before you can ask, yes, she’s still named Impala,” Cas teased. Dean fist-pumped the air in excitement. “Maybe I should have rethought the names, but it didn’t feel right at the end of the day.”
They headed into the kitchen for spoons before dropping to the couch together and opening all the ice cream tubs.
“That’s…Cas, I…” he trailed off. Words just weren’t cutting it right now. So instead, he pulled Cas closer and pressed a kiss to his lips. It was gentle and over too quickly, but there was hesitation behind it. “Is this okay?” he asked reluctantly. Cas nodded slightly and pulled Dean back to him.
blow over. Nothing Uriel has said can be proved because it's all so petty.” Cas sighs again. “I don't need you to take care of me. It will end when it ends.”
Dean hears his stop being announced and his stomach flops at the thought of pushing through everyone to get off. He turns just as the bus lurches to a stop and his foot collides with a bag that is resting between a man’s feet. It looks like a laptop bag. Dean cursed under his breath at his luck of kicking what was probably an expensive laptop. He looks up to apologize and makes eye contact with clear blue eyes.
He was just not ready.
“It might be nice if you did today. It is our anniversary today after all.”
Cole cut him off with a kiss.
Well, it looks like Cas has beat him to it.
They talked about the book versus the movie, only stopping when Castiel realized they'd somehow been chatting for two hours and he needed to leave.
“Of course we will!” Castiel rolled his eyes. “We still go to the same school, on the same campus. We can make the time to meet.”
Dean looked at his lap. “Yeah, he probably is still teaching…” He lingered before continuing, “That’s not where I was going, though. Do you remember what those notes said?”
“Yeah, I've heard. Everything gets 'em talking. We could be on opposite sides of the room and it'd still mean something to them.”
“Nope, I'm cramming tonight. I have a test on five chapters tomorrow. Remember, I said at the beginning of this call I was taking a breather?”
Castiel is back when Dean returns, now sitting at the desk, several books propped open in front of him, tapping his pencil.
“I mean, I think he has been? Maybe as much as I have been?” Cas shrugged. “We used to see each other all the time. It’s was so easy then!” he lamented and put his head on Alex’s shoulder. She wrapped her arm around him in comfort.
Dean let out a long, shaky breath, and nodded.
Cas looked over at Dean, as if he had been caught.
“Funny,” Pamela said, as she turned away from the bartender. “Back to you, then, Castiel.”
Honestly, Dean had never really talked to Cas much about angels, besides what they were up to and how they could stop them. But thinking about it now, there was a lot of things Dean didn’t know about his friend. The guy was an ancient ethereal being - you would think he would have a lot of stories to tell, a lot of wisdom to share - and yet, the tumultuous nature of their time together rendered it nearly impossible for simple conversation, and neither Cas nor Dean were inclined to talk just for the sake of talking. They were always too busy, or too unhappy with each other to do so.
indeed. The t-shirt shirt was much less baggy than Dean had imagined, instead fitting just a bit loosely around Cas’s torso, some of the fabric clinging to his frame. Dean’s sweatpants sat on Cas’s hips, following the the lines of his body all the way down to his bare feet, and one of his hands was slipped into his pocket, the other hanging at his side. His face was clean, his hair wet and tousled. Cas looked casual, from his clothing to his expression, and Dean did a double-take.
Castiel merely looked his confusion.
“Goodbye, and good luck,” Missouri offered in return, and Castiel was left wondering what she meant.
“And hello there,” Missouri greeted, and it took Castiel a moment to realize she was talking to him.
It took a moment to process this as a request for a drink order and not a threat.
“...Columbia. I study medicine there.”
“Uh, no problem.” Said Dean, watching his friend cross the room. He noticed Cas grimace, his hand shifting to his side.  “Hey, you still aren’t healed?”
“Got a light?” Pamela asked upon producing a box of cigarettes.
Dean stared a second too long.
Castiel brought a hand to his chin thoughtfully, looking Dean over.
He wished Cas wouldn’t dwell on his past mistakes, but who was he to talk? Dean’d done his share of fucking up the world, and his whole schtick was dwelling on it like the self-loathing, emotionally constipated flannel-wearing hothead he was. But Cas? Cas was pure, he was virtuous, following the holy, righteous path for all of the unknown millenia he’s been around, never having known evil and corruption unless it was against the sharp edge of his blade.  Castiel saw in black and white, and time with the Winchesters muddled that up; leaving Cas to sort through shades of gray without knowing what it was exactly he had come across. So of course, when he found purpose to serve, a path to follow, he jumped at it --- and ended up confusing dark with light as he struggled to find a footing between his angelic duty and his ties to Earth, wanting good but doing bad. As they say, ‘the road to hell is paved with good intentions’---
“Hey now, what about you?”
Conversation wandered closer to how they’d met, and it was Castiel’s turn to grow quieter as he told Dean why he’d ventured so far out of his usual territory to Eighth Avenue the week before. He shared his fears, and the leveled, aching indifference of losing someone you’d loved in the thinnest way; and soon he was on the couch with Dean, as Dean spoke about his father, about how losing him had felt something of the same.
With a harumph Dean rolled off of Cas, making a lewd sticky sound as their sweaty bodies pulled apart. Dean’s abdomen was smeared with drying come, and it was growing itchy and uncomfortable. Cas lifted his hand, and then paused.
Cas just looked so
He wants Dean to
“Yeah,” said Castiel, fishing around in his coat pocket. While he didn’t smoke himself, the question had arisen enough times that he’d elected to keep a Bic lighter on hand.
Cas’s brows furrowed once again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“First off, I can’t have any grimy coats up here.” Dean said.
It was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes.
But he did not finish. Ruffled, he started once more towards the door, not looking at Missouri.
“No? Well, I’ll work it out another time.” She swirled the ice in her glass with a toothpick.  “So, what brings you to these parts, Cas-tee-el? You’re not from around here.”
“Okay.” Cas sounded strained as well, and he had dropped eye contact.
Hello everyone!
He was clean-shaven with short hair, and his clothes hardly seemed appropriate. An old, oversized leather jacket was the only thing he wore over a white undershirt, and his buckled jeans were slung low enough on his hips that the skin of his abdomen was almost visible. The cigarette that had occupied his mouth earlier had gone. He was now leaning against a post, thumbs in his pockets, looking loftily disinterested in his surroundings, Castiel being the only exception. The stranger held his gaze near defiantly, with the suggestion of a smirk tugging at a corner of his mouth. Ten seconds must have passed while Castiel stared back, transfixed. He could not make head nor tail of the situation, something that caused him to root to the spot.
“That’s what I do. I turn tricks,” Dean said. “That’s how I pay the rent. Last weekend was, well, I’d taken a night off for myself, had some spare cash, but that’s gone now and… yeah. Don’t care if you judge me for it. You do what you gotta, around here, and sometimes it’s the only -- what are you doing?”
—loomed up and Castiel ducked in through the door, which creaked to such a degree that it turned several heads.
The things that had been growing in their time together collided in Castiel’s mind like so many waves on a shoreline, crashing and melting back into a great expanse of blue. It was a kiss entirely different from the last one they had shared in this same spot; it was not a parting kiss, but a promise of things to come. It was passionate; but not burning with blind lust as the kisses they’d shared in the alleyway had been. Strong arms surrounded him as he held tighter to the man in his embrace, his own eyes closed so he might feel that much more deeply.
Unkempt hair and a rumpled trenchcoat weren’t out of place, but he stank of money and uncertainty, neither of which belonged in this part of town; and he had the nagging anxiety of an animal of prey that had strayed from its herd.
“Hey, Cas, you got reception out here?” Dean asked, looking at the time on his watch.
The bartender’s set jaw now had a muscle straining by his temple.
Castiel obeyed the summons almost without thought, for all his effort was being put into controlling himself. He was afraid he was gonna jump Dean if he gave in fully to the want clawing at his insides. Fear of being caught seemed to have heightened his senses, but regret was the last thing he felt as he kissed the beautiful stranger, lips wet and hungry, a hint of teeth catching his upper lip before disappearing into softness.
“Dean!”
came a snide voice in his mind.
“Man, you gotta tell me how bad this stuff is. It might need stitches.” Dean said, regretting to have waited so long to fix the angel up.
“And you’re sort of a dick,” Castiel shot back, smarting at the jab.
Dean took the cloth and wiped up the extra alcohol, trying to be as gentle as he could. He had managed to avoid eye contact this far, and was hesitant to break that streak. But, it would be equally uncomfortable if he continued to stroke Cas’s bare skin with a thin rag - and so, Dean tossed it aside and lifted his eyes. He was surprised to find Cas looking right back at him, the light from the lamp behind him glowing around his head like a halo. Dean’s throat felt tight as he spoke.
Before Dean had a chance to interject, Castiel continued.
Dean’s tongue darted out between his lips. Cas’s searching gaze was altered, his features changed with a mixture of confusion and realization. His eyebrows lifted, and he looked back and forth between Dean’s eyes.
Stay tuned, the next chapter should be up in the next week or so. I'm still working on it.
He sounded very much as though he was talking himself into something.
(See the end of the chapter for
still want to punch his pretty mouth.
Hugs and kisses,
Dean made a feeble attempt at bravado, but he gave himself away with the flush that rose in his cheeks. Indeed, he soon looked on the verge of nervous collapse as Castiel did nothing but continue to stare at him blankly.
“You have a name, don’t you? Or would you rather not say.”
Dean understood. Castiel was thankful. He didn’t know if he had the words to say any more.
They shook hands. The handshake was too slow, too familiar, and lasted too long. When they finally let go, it was to blush at their reluctance to separate, trading looks and awkward laughs. Lapsing into silence, the air became heavy around Castiel as Dean’s hand crept innocently from his own lap to Castiel’s hand. Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut at the contact, and then opened again as he fixed them on Dean, whose irises had never looked greener than they did now. Closer, closer they became, and Castiel hadn’t ever wanted anything more in his life. But not like this. Inches apart, he stopped, shook his head, and pulled away.
Being offended was a natural, acceptable response to being come on to by another man. Even if it was more out of his fear of public backlash than an actual aversion to the prospect. In fact, it was for precisely the
He let Dean into the room ahead of him, and Dean stood off to the side awkwardly as Castiel shut the door behind him and went about turning on lights. Two lamps flickered to life and illuminated Castiel’s small apartment. It was cramped but comfortable, with brown shag carpeting, a sofa and a number of chairs, all varying styles and colors and levels of comfort, a small box television and two bookcases. The lime colored paint on the walls was aged and there were drip stains from the ceiling here and there, but other than this, the room was in decent shape. A tiny counter separated the kitchen area from the living area, and to the right, three doors led to the apartment’s two bedrooms and bathroom.
With the low light, and the self-satisfied smirk on Dean’s face, and the way the tension sat powerful in Castiel’s gut, he might as well have been back at
In a manly, good-for-you-bro, kind of, very platonic, way.
And they set off.
He froze.
It had been exactly a week since it had happened, and since then he’d found his thoughts moving in circles, ending where they’d begun: in memories of that night. He’d decided days before he would come back, foolish though he felt doing it. It had been a one night fling, he’d reasoned. It hadn’t meant anything. But this logic fell flat when pitted against midnight fantasies that swirled to life in Castiel’s mind, driving him down to bed early and hope the traffic outside was enough to mask the sounds that would soon escape his lips.
Now was his chance to care for this young man, to give freely the things others bought from him, to touch his body out of reverence and not greed.
tell me you got the mojo.”
“Okay...” said Dean as the pieces began to fall into place. “And that means you tapped into my, uh,
“I said I wanted to see you with your shirt off,” Dean complained, and he was so close to pouting that Castiel forgot his irritation.
Castiel took his time working Dean open, feeling the velvety warmth inside of him, a second finger joining the first, as shamelessly Dean took himself in hand and stroked in time with Castiel’s ministrations. It was almost obscene, the noises escaping Dean. Castiel bit down on his lip hard as his cock twitched.
“No, no thanks,” he waved her off, opting instead for another sip of beer.
“I-I want to-- want to--”
The admittal wasn’t embarrassed, but steely, overly self-assured. Castiel said nothing in response, thoughts now spinning quietly in another direction.
He’d been interrupted by Castiel sucking one of his balls into his mouth. Castiel resurfaced with a wet pop, looking up to find Dean in a half indignant daze. He chuckled indulgently, and the retort about to leave Dean’s lips was stifled as Castiel rose to his feet. Not taking his eyes off of Dean, he undid the button on his own pants and unzipped his fly. He dropped his pants and stepped from them, a wave of relief washing over him as he was freed from their constraints. He was rock hard in his boxers.
Nervously, Castiel glanced around the bar, expecting to see faces turned his way, watching him with suspicion. But no one seemed to have noticed anything. Would they even care? He wasn’t sure. All he knew was that he felt dirty, marked, exposed. Was he that easily understood, that some man on the opposite side of a bar had picked up on it with such certainty that he would…
Dean padded over to his bag, feeling eyes follow him across the room. Once again, his heartbeat had picked up - not due, this time, to apprehensive arousal, but due to the entirely terrifying idea Cas had heard something he shouldn’t have. And by the look of pure alarm plastered to the angel’s face, that was
Like the humming silence just before a lightning bolt, or maybe the sudden stillness of the eye of a hurricane, Castiel gazed down at the beautiful man below him, who seemed to glow. And then he was moving again, the feeling lifting in him, soaring swiftly upward as he sank again and again into Dean, until it spilled over and his rhythm fell apart. With one last thrust, he buried himself in Dean as he came, pressing his forehead against Dean’s as stars flashed beneath his eyelids. Finally, the feeling of anguish, of never having enough, was gone. He was somewhere new.
But this time, he wasn’t alone. Standing next to Dean was a man Castiel didn’t recognize: an older man dressed in a long, dark coat, his hair streaked with gray. He was bigger than Dean, tall and broad. Castiel could make out a slightly hooked nose in profile as the man leaned forward to whisper something in Dean’s ear. Dean seemed different tonight, strained but calm, collected -- playful, but calculatedly so, dressed in a thin, black shirt with cuffed sleeves and an open collar. A moment passed, and Castiel bristled as he watched a large hand emerge from the stranger’s sleeve and wrap sinuously around Dean’s forearm, staying there as Dean smiled deviously, leaning into the touch. They were much too close.
“You say that like I just changed a tire for you.”
you can charge your battery by gettin’ down and dirty.”
“Whatever. Cas. I wouldn’t still be walkin' and talkin' if I didn’t know how to pick people out of a crowd. Anyways, around here? Doesn’t matter. Hey--” he said, a hint of panic creasing his forehead for a brief moment, “-- I’m not, not being a massive idiot here, am I? Sure, you’re jumpy, but I don’t think you’re here for … if that’s why you’re here.”
“Dinner! I nearly forgot!” Cas exclaimed, uncharacteristically excited. “I’ll be out in five minutes.”
“Oh - and I left that stupid fluffy towel you brought from the bunker and a change of clothes on top of the toilet.” Dean added, cursing himself for his shortness of breath while simultaneously blaming the muggy air. Cas repeated his thank you, and Dean stepped out of the bathroom - before remembering he had something else to say.
Sorry this took so freakin' long to post, I've been busy moving into my new place. This must have been the most fun part to write as this fic was originally supposed to be mostly smut (but shocker --- I got all plotty.) So, I hope this extensive chapter of hot and a bit fluffy smut (along with the world's tiniest sprinkling of angst) is all your little destiel heart desires.
Cas flinched at the sudden movement, squinting at Dean with sleepy eyes. “What’s wrong?” he asked, scratching his head.
Dean’s posture softened as he relaxed into Cas’s touch. This was special. He didn’t know if they would ever have a chance like this again, and he just may as well take full advantage of it. And so, Dean answered in words just as simple as the angel’s.
The tension Castiel felt had settled deep in his torso, hot and effervescent, making him catch his breath. The back of his neck burned, but his higher mind was now taking command of the situation; and the danger it detected, which had spurred the electrical jolts of excitement still pulsing through his nervous system, became a catalyst for anger. It was a defense mechanism, an instinct far more familiar to Castiel, because it originated in his intellectual sensibility-- the corner of his mind which he most frequently occupied, and therefore, was a place of great comfort. He latched onto this reaction with such enthusiasm that the effect was rather like a shove to the chest.
Castiel was nearing the inevitable, but he was determined to lay his claim. Having Dean beneath him, vulnerable and sex drunk and wanting him, was more than Castiel would have ever dared ask for. He would make the most of this moment. As if it was his only chance. But he hoped it wasn’t. He’d never wanted something more in his life.
Dean shook his head, looking half sheepish, half amused. He reached up for the back of his shirt, pausing to flick his eyes to Castiel, to see his reaction. Deftly, he pulled the shirt off and turned his head to Castiel, letting the shirt swing where he held it. Still so cocky. He knew what this did to people, Castiel thought, as he took in the way Dean held himself. He knew just how tempting he was. Castiel registered that he was seeing more of Dean’s skin than he had yet had the pleasure to look at. His body was young and lean, lightly muscled, and almost completely smooth. There was scarcely a hair on him. Castiel licked his lips, experiencing a headrush as blood went southward.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Castiel scoffed, sarcasm in his every word, “maybe, because I find being watched by some strange man lurking in the corner of a bar a bit, unsettling?”
He had turned his head to scowl at Castiel, who’d dismounted the bed.
“Really, darling, don’t worry. We’re leaving in just a moment.”
Missouri took a long drag from her cigarette before speaking again. “He’s working,” she answered simply, as the cigarette smoke was carried away on the wind.
“Hey, sit down.” Dean insisted. Cas obliged, taking the chair next to Dean.
“Get him a bottle of El Sol, and two shots of Jack while you’re at it.” Again, Castiel’s neighbor to the right stepped in to save the day. The same woman then spoke directly to Castiel.
“Dean?”
The angel gave him his full attention
not caked with sewage for me to wipe my face off on?”
Dean said nothing, and Castiel went on.
Footsteps.
Just being able to sit on a pier somewhere, watch the sunset with a beer in hand, and talk to one another. Hear about everything both of them had seen, learn more the kind of life Cas had lead and what the world was like through his eyes, Dean telling funny stories about Sam, maybe even making Cas smile once or twice.
They kissed-- a dry one, lips catching, lingering. Sealing their decision.
“Really,” he said forcefully, gently brushing Dean’s hand away.
Castiel looked at Dean, and Dean blushed. Castiel smiled in amusement.
“Anyways,” Cas continued, “to sum it up, the only power I possess is that which I have access to.”
Cas stopped, still gazing up and studying the off-white ceiling tiles. Dean was quiet, too. For a few seconds.
Castiel was now certain he hadn’t met this man in his life, as he would have surely remembered him: he possessed an extra-ordinary face, one that would stand out in the mind. Young, just beyond his teen years, this man could easily have modeled -- what with the graceful lines of his features, both masculine and feminine -- but Castiel could tell he didn’t model. He had a worn, hardened look woven into his beauty, something made immediately recognizable by the faded bruise that decorated his cheekbone.
“Fancy,” he said, eyeing the bottle of wine.
“Dean, if you were looking for a segue into conversation, this appears to be a poor choi--”
“Hmph.”
The trees of Central Park had burst green and vibrant with new leaves, and as the trees filled out, so did the city. More faces appeared in windows, fewer coats covered the bodies of those on the streets, people moved with less haste, no longer chased by bitter cold. A sort of pleasant awkwardness had been present upon first getting together, but they’d since become good friends. It all frightened Castiel, because though the most intimately they had touched since their kiss in his apartment building had been arms on the other’s shoulder, Castiel could feel his heart reaching out like a climbing vine to entwine itself in Dean’s world. But he wouldn’t admit the truth to himself. Not yet.
“Why do you say my name so much?”
“Well, I’m in school. I rent an apartment west of here.” Castiel stopped to think, and quickly came to the conclusion that he had nothing interesting left to say. “That’s about it.”
“Castiel,” Castiel responded.
Castiel was thankful for his considerable self control, for without it he might have came right then and there.’
They fell into silence, and Castiel contemplated his beer. He popped the cap off with some complaint from the skin of his palm. When he tried it, it was rich and dark, warm to the tongue, and tasted a lot like how wood smelled. It was good.
It was just as good as last time; better, even, for he knew who it was that was making him feel this way. Castiel leaned into Dean as Dean swallowed him impossibly deep, taking the opportunity to grab Dean’s ass. Eagerly, Dean arched his back, and again Castiel’s fingers found his pink entrance, still slick with lube. He circled it, mind half melted by what Dean was doing to his cock. Even this sort of indulgence only gave Castiel fleeting relief, as though what had been building up within him was greater than this moment, greater than a hundred moments like this, as though he’d never be free of the feeling in his middle-- like a rubber band stretched too tight, ready to spring.
Dean would have never deemed himself deserving of that, of any of this; and yet, here he sat --- looking back into the eyes of the one that
So, could he have imagined it?
Castiel’s hands were stuffed deep in his pockets, and his collar was turned up to the wind. It was warmer than it had been the last time he’d come this way, but a chilly gust was blowing down over the buildings and to the street below, causing Castiel to shiver. Fewer people were around than had been a week ago, not that Castiel was paying much attention; he was determined not to let his thoughts wander from his goal. The same buildings loomed up on either side of him, the same signs flashed gaudy and neon bright.
“I’m supposed to buy you a drink now?” Castiel shot back, indignantly.
Castiel gazed at the beautiful young man -- too young to be living like this, his choice or not -- and wondered. He didn’t know quite how to put his thoughts into words; he’d never been good at this, always having relied on actions to speak his intent. And so he decided to ask it.
“During sex, human souls become temporarily linked; the strength of the link depending on attraction, physical performance, and emotional attachment. This bond allows souls to partially coalesce, which give them the ability to trade celestial light and energy. Sex was designed as a consummation of heterosexual marriage before humans became more -
“When --- when I,
The man was too far away to see clearly, and it was quite possible his was a familiar face. And, even if it weren’t, the stranger certainly seemed to know who
“Third
Castiel did not, however, remove his own underwear before joining Dean on top of his sheets. Missing Dean’s lips, he stole a kiss, Dean trembling and moaning as Castiel brushed against his erection. At the feeling of Dean’s thick length against his stomach, Castiel could feel his composure rapidly slipping. His own erection throbbed in his boxers as, of their own volition, his hips rolled as he sank into Dean’s soft, tantalizing kisses.
“C’mon,”Dean said playfully, his hand wandering from Castiel’s hand to his leg, up his chest, stroking his jaw and coming to rest at his chin. Chills rippled over Castiel’s skin, and his breath gave an involuntary shudder, but his resolve was strong.
Dean wasn’t sure if Cas had a grasp on first aid, so it might as well be a teaching moment. Also, leaves less room for conversation. Or silence. Dean wasn’t sure which would be worse. Cas had busied himself with the box, fumbling with the latch before finally managing to reveal a meticulously organized, state-of-the-art set of medical supplies, bandages, and creams. Sam had a little extra time and a little extra money, and apparently - buying a fancy box from the Red Cross and stocking it with bandaids and neosporin was his idea of a good time.
“There’s a hook right there for your coat. I’ll get us drinks. You want something to drink?”
Dean frowned at Cas’s contorted body, bent in a way that couldn’t possibly be pleasant, even without the cut. He stopped, trying to think of a way that would be more comfortable for Cas. Dean knew the answer, but was just reluctant to suggest it.
Cas looked at Dean scornfully. “I thought you’d get off of me if I kissed you.”
“Yes.”
Dean nodded vigorously, a salacious smile breaking across his face. Castiel brought his index finger to his lips, sucking it into his mouth as he kept his gaze locked on Dean, who stared back. Finger wet, he drew a line down from Dean’s balls along his perineum, until he reached the tight folds of Dean’s opening, drawing circles there. Dean relaxed into the mattress, spine curving ever so slightly.
“But then how’d you-- “
The pair had bickered a while more before falling quiet, each staring at the ceiling and letting their minds quiet and wander. Dean could have easily fallen back asleep, too --- but before he had the chance, his wristwatch beeped loudly. When he checked it, he didn’t believe his eyes.
Putting a knee on the bed between Dean’s thighs, Castiel pushed himself up onto the bed as he pushed Dean backwards. Crouching over Dean, and marveling at the sight of Dean beneath him, Castiel swooped down onto his lips, kissing him deeply, tongues sweeping over one another. He did not linger at Dean’s lips, however.
Cas rolled his eyes.
“Come by some time,” Missouri continued to Castiel. “It’s just past Antoni’s. Got a big ‘ol pink sign on it that says ‘PSYCHIC’. Hard to miss.”
“No worries, sweetheart, I know you’re not about all that,” she said.
“Would you still like a shower, or may I clean you off?” He asked.
The young man looked at the money skeptically, as if unable to work out whether it was really there. “Why are you doing this?” he asked suspiciously, making eye contact with Castiel for the first time since noticing the wallet.
“Okay, now we’re gonna wrap it up for the night.” Dean hesitated, and then put the gauze against the wound, holding his hand against Cas’s side. Cas tensed up. “Uh, hold this here.” He said.
“No.”
a beer, and was answered with a shrug and a lecture about how you needed alcohol to counteract the effects of caffeine (much to Cas’s skepticism.) Dean handed Cas his burger, who then attacked the sandwich like he hadn’t eaten in years.
Cas didn’t respond, simply gazing at his friend with such tenderness that Dean had no choice but to look away. He went about ripping open the take-out bag, and Cas turned on the TV, flipping through the five channels before settling on an
“Music?” he asked the room, as he thumbed through old albums.
“Did you just call me an ass?”
Castiel hesitated. Why should he trust this man? Hadn’t he, just minutes before, been terrified, furious at this very stranger? This was dangerous, so dangerous; and like it had waited for just this cue, his desire flamed up within him, licking at his insides, singeing his nerves. He didn’t trust Dean, not truly. But there was no going back now. And he chose not to answer. Instead, he stepped towards Dean. Haltingly, he grasped the lapels of Dean’s jacket, and pulled Dean to him, their breath mingling together now. Castiel could hear his own heartbeat in his ears.
Castiel felt slightly dizzy from the proposition, but he mastered himself.
“Hmph.”
Castiel had turned to face the man entirely now, and the man remained completely unabashed. This inspired such a powerful wave of frustration in Castiel he nearly lost his balance. He knew that this anger was just a convenient front for a wide host of less clear-cut emotion; but anger was most easily spurred into action, and Castiel felt the need to act. The alcohol was causing an irritating pulsing sensation in his right temple, interfering with his ability to think. The air in the bar was blurred by heat and smoke, rendering the scene dim and distorted, as though viewed by candlelight through a smudged lens, but the stranger stood out clearly, as though he were the only other solid shape in an abstract oil painting.
“Speaking of that,” said Pamela, “we’d better split.”
the blazer,
Dean shook his head, amused. He missed his friend’s childlike candidness, which seemed to have been mostly lost over the last few years.
“Hmm.”
“--- C’mon, man, just answer the damn question.”
“Well, Mr. I-Refuse-To-Sleep-On-The-Bed, change our mind, did we?” Dean said, raising an eyebrow.
Usually, sharing a room regularly with another person meant extremely quick, totally quiet sessions that functioned more as routine run-throughs necessary for basic health than actual pleasure. Showers were really the only place one could actually spend time without drawing too much attention to oneself, and even then, living with your brother meant privacy wasn’t necessarily a priority. But, ever since Dean had gotten his own room, he’d had more time and freedom to explore himself than ever before - and, it had certainly spiced up his technique. Also, the television was on in the next room, and Cas was much less likely to barge in unannounced (now that he knew humans weren’t big fans of that,) so he could take his time.
He had insisted on giving Cas his own room, the one across from his own, and Cas had obliged, moving his few belongings into it - specifically, his phone charger, the keys to his truck, a choice stack of books from the library, and the duffel bag he had gotten from Dean. A few more items had found its way in his room, including a postcard and photograph from Claire, an alarm clock, and a toothbrush and razor (Cas had developed a fondness for personal hygiene after he found he couldn’t always get the job done with his grace.)
“I could say the same about you.”
So he scanned the faces in the bar, watching some eyes flick away from his, others gazing back defiantly, suspiciously. None of them were Dean’s. Turning on the spot, his search yielded nothing until his eyes fell upon the shadowy back corner of the bar-- the very same one in which he’d first seen Dean -- and to Castiel’s surprise, there he stood again.
“Heya, Cas?”
Dean wiggled an arm from under the covers and flopped it on Castiel, pulling him in so close that their noses bumped. Castiel voiced his discomfort, jerking himself away from Dean’s grasp as he rubbed his nose reproachfully.
Something was building between them, and it felt so strong Castiel was afraid it could be seen. Their hands touched briefly as they crossed a street, and the ghost of the touch accompanied Castiel all the way to the front steps of his apartment building. He could hear Dean’s breathing as he fumbled with his key ring, their standing forms close enough together that Castiel could feel his warmth. Cursing under his breath, he finally got the key to bite and turned it, pushing the door open to reveal the low-lit first floor. Dean followed him in, and the sound of the street outside was muted almost immediately as the door shut.
Dean was surprised he'd said thet out loud --- he wasn't usually one for asking random (and sort of stupid) questions. Cas seemed surprised as well, as he turned rather quickly to look over at Dean.
He liked being the stronger, dominant lover because that was what a guy like him should like. He shouldn’t be fantasizing about being pushed around. About being held down and losing control, pressed against the wall, letting someone take the wheel and give him the ride of his life. Especially when that partner is another man.
“You’re tryna get drunk, right? Because beer ain’t gonna get the job done by itself.”
Castiel wasted no time. He had no patience for pretence. Once Dean had cleared the threshold and the street was blocked from view, Castiel stepped toe to toe with him, faces only inches apart. He looked into Dean’s pretty eyes and let out a soft laugh, like sigh of relief. With a smile as Dean’s consent, Castiel kissed him.
“Will you get off
“Fuck,” growled Castiel, “yes, yes.”
“God, Cas, you’re gonna suffocate.”
Pamela flashed a grin, passing her tongue over her white teeth.
“I know,” said Dean.
“The phone, Dean,” said Cas, hand still extended into the front seat.
“Okay, gonna need some butterfly bandages.” He said. A second passed before a flicker of comprehension appeared on Cas’s face, who then turned silently to the kit, dropping the hem of his shirt. Rummaging through the Band-aids, Cas pulled out four little paper slips with proper labels. He studied the unopened bandages before handing them to Dean
“No, Dean, I’m not.”
“What do you mean?” Castiel snapped. He was annoyed at the pause in the action.
“Already done, Dean.”
Castiel shut his eyes at the small explosion that had occured in his center.
His hand shuffled to his hip pocket, patting his wallet vaguely, as though doing something so familiar might snap him back to reality. Men didn’t behave that way with one another. It just wasn’t done, and it certainly would not be well received by the public if it were; for though dark bedrooms and secluded places may tell a different story, in public, the relations between men were plainly ordered and decidedly masculine. For better or for worse, this unspoken rule was never as obvious as when it was being ignored. And ignoring it was dangerous, for everyone involved.
Dean laughed, and Castiel was taken aback to hear the amicable weariness that had colored their first few conversations.
Jamming the key in the lock, Castiel wiggled it before shouldering into the door, which had a habit of sticking. With a quiet
“Well, what about my other drinks?”
The pair went back to eating their rapidly disappearing burgers, falling into a comfortable silence as they watched Barney Fife drive his new car down a gravel road. Dean took in a long breath, glad to find his circulation was back to normal. He spread his knees open once again to where he was comfortable, and looked over at Cas, who was still completely enraptured with his meal and sighing as if he had never tasted anything better. His eyes were closed, lips stretched into a blissful smile, making a sound in the back of his throat that caused Dean’s blood to resume its southward journey - and he quickly diverted his attention, focusing on the food in Cas’s hands. There was barely anything left of his burger. Dean found he wasn’t doing much better- he probably only had one or two bites left, which he finished, stomach rumbling happily as he followed it up with a chaser of beer. Dean wiped off his fingers, tossing the napkin in the trash bin.
“Well,” said the man, tongue darting out between his teeth as his eyes did a casual rake down and up Castiel. “You looked like you could use some...
“Why?” asked Dean, but his tone wasn’t curious. It was derisive. “Why’d you come back here, Cas? What did you think was gonna happen?”
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean, who was beautiful in the slatted light coming through the blinds. His eyelashes fanned over his cheeks, and the freckles Castiel had tried in vain to count under the influence of wine stood out starkly against fair skin.
Yeah.
Evidently, he did.
which he pulled from the crate and slipped from its cover. Fitting it onto the turntable he lowered the needle onto the record, and crackling through the speakers came the soft sound of a lone acoustic guitar.
and the heads moving beneath them smelled like tobacco and vodka, and they swiveled to the dancers in windows, who beckoned them in through revolving doors.
“Why do I want to know what happened?” Castiel echoed back, running over the inquiry in his head. It was a strange question. “I want to put things right, but I can’t do that until I know what went wrong.”
Dean smiled.
Dean snorted, momentarily forgetting the mess on his face as he cracked a smile.
“Well you look,
“If-- if I-- what are you implying?”
Missouri just smiled, and flicked ash onto the curb. For what it was worth, Castiel did not feel threatened by Missouri -- he thought back to the hug she had given him just the week before, the gentleness with which she’d treated him. Castiel was not a trusting man, and yet, begrudgingly, he felt himself trusting this woman all wrapped in dark furs before him, knowing more than she should. But he’d come with a purpose, and he had no plan to turn back at her word.
The angel lying next to him fell quiet, and Dean could sense the ugly mixture of revulsion and remorse that seeped past his reserved features. He knew, of course, what Castiel was referring to. Nearly seven years had past since, but it seemed like so much longer --- it felt so small in their metaphorical rearview mirror that Dean hadn’t devoted many of his thoughts to it as of late; and the only thing seeming to steadily haunt him from that period of time were images of a cloudy suburban water supply and distant, strangled laughter. But Cas was, indeed, terribly misguided in his decisions --- betraying his friends, trusting Crowley, and opening the gates of Purgatory, to name a few --- but Dean had forgiven him long ago, their surviving bond living proof of that. Still, not unlike his brother, Cas punished himself more than Dean ever could have done himself. Dean was sobered as he remembered Castiel’s blunt, loaded words.
Dean knew he would regret this, like every other time. But he was too close, to high on pleasure to care where it was coming from, and like clockwork, Dean hit the edge, teetering dangerously as his hand pumped his length in long, deliberate strokes. So, when Cas’s deep, blue eyes surfaced at the forefront of his mind, and Dean felt himself crest, there was no regret - he simply let the powerful orgasm course through his body as blue rings swum in his his vision, and his head spun, barely grasping what had just happened, only caring that it had been
was rather crude, but yes, it’s along the lines of what I was thinking.” Said Cas.
“Why have you been watching me?” he asked, bluntly.
Castiel must have looked as taken-aback as he felt, for Missouri’s raised eyebrow turned into a sympathetic smile.
“Come in me.”
“Sure,” he said. “But you first.”
while we, y’know?”
There was a moment of silence before Dean spoke.
“One.” Dean stepped forward with his wallet, avoided eye contact as he traded it in for the key to room number seven and whisked Cas out of the room with him, feeling eyes on his back all the way out. And it only got worse. He walked in to find Cas nowhere in sight, and smack in the middle of the room, a single, butt-ugly king-sized bed.
Dean laughed.
“Dean?” He said, his mouth moving so gracefully, his lips handling the word with reverence, and with care, and with … love.
Castiel felt a trickle of embarrassment. He hadn’t intended to come off sounding course, although it seemed to happen often. And as if Pamela sensed his regret, she went on.
“Your place?” Dean asked, just as softly.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’d like that,” Dean said, with the faintest of smiles.
“You really want me to take this,” he whispered.
“That comes in handy.” Said Dean, running his hand over his stomach absentmindedly. “Hey! That reminds me! I thought something had siphoned your mojo, or whatever. What’s the deal? And
Cas gave him an exasperated look.
she teased. “Oh, c’mon, you gotta have more than that for me.”
“Because why?”
Dean was looking at him differently now, his exasperation conflicted with something else. He scratched the back of his neck, a nervous action, one Castiel remembered him doing upon their last meeting.
“Well, don’t forget to chew.”
“Dean,” Castiel sighed. “It’s not that I’m not -- look. You don’t owe me. This was me cancelling
Cas seemed unimpressed.
“Fuck,” Dean muttered, as Castiel licked half circles around his opening. “Y’know --
His chest heaved, his knuckles were white and his eyes were wide, pupils blown. The conclusion hit Dean like a wall of bricks. Cas had heard him.
“Oh,” Castiel mumbled, glancing at Dean.
Taking this as a sign, Castiel unfroze and stumbled into the room. Dean was looking at him quizzically, obviously not sure what to make of Balthazar, so Castiel decided to prove that his roommate wouldn’t mind -- he took Dean’s face in one of his hands and gave him a deep, filthy kiss. Castiel chose to ignore the smirk on Balthazar’s face as they came level with him, hand in hand, and went into the bedroom.
“Who’s working?”
“No, I--” Castiel said as he got off of his stool. “Please take my seat.”
Castiel looked on, completely nonplussed. Dean forced another little laugh, visibly attempting to pull himself back together. And he managed it quickly.
He should really stop thinking about this.
“You’re not a talker, are you,” said Dean, a flirtatious smile on his face.
“Cas.”
“I came a long way,” he said, “and I’m going in for a drink.”
One of Dean’s hands was cupping his cheek, and it was almost too romantic a gesture, as if the featherlight brush of the pads of Dean’s fingers were words of passion, of affection, of longing. Castiel felt overloaded with it, with the way his eyes fluttered open when they ended their kiss, how his blown pupils were pools of bliss. He spent a moment drinking in the face of the younger man, and then Castiel lowered his head to place a long kiss at the juncture of his neck and shoulder, soothing with his lips the sharpness of his teeth dragging against Dean’s skin. Once more he found Dean’s cock, which was still slick with his own saliva. He pumped it with his fist, slow strokes as he nudged Dean’s legs open. Positioning himself directly below Dean, he licked a broad stripe up Dean’s scrotum, circling back down to where the sack met a smooth, plush expanse of skin.
To Castiel’s mild surprise, Dean looked even more disheartened and miserable for his words. Another flash of vulnerability, but this one lingered in Dean’s tight jaw and troubled eyes, revealing to Castiel the well-disguised wound of freshly lost innocence. He did not protest. And this worried Castiel more than anything else that had happened between them that night.
Dean interjected: “Wait, wait - I have some requirements.”
Castiel’s lapse in confidence seemed to have triggered a resurgence in the other man, whose self-satisfied smirk blossomed again. His lips were very pink.
“Yeah, already got it here.” Dean passed it into the shower, Cas’s wet fingers brushing against his own as he took the shampoo.
“Here,” he said, handing up his phone with a pout.
“Then where do you propose I sleep?” Cas had crossed back into the bathroom, and Dean followed to the doorway, watching as Cas squeegeed his trenchcoat over the tub.
Dean was saying filthy things that all blurred together in Castiel’s head. It was like a dream. A dream to have this, to be free of the fear of being caught, to be free of the shame of their actions, of the guilt. The darkness around them was no longer to hide them, but to make it possible to enjoy themselves to the fullest.
“Pardon?” asked Pamela, putting a finger to her ear.
“Is that it? Well, I’ll make sure to mention that to your manager,” she chided.  “And hey, while you’re at it, another refill, would you?”
“I’m hungry,” Cas insisted with a full mouth. “And it’s
“Sorry ‘bout that.” The man then sniffed the air, and promptly wrinkled his nose. “The hell’d you come from?” He said, watching as the men’s clothing dripped a questionable substance onto the lobby floor.
“I came to look for you,” he said, almost meekly.
What finally spurred Castiel to look away wasn’t a breaking of the spell, but an intensification of it-- for as the world around him continued to recede from the moment, as strange, pulsing seconds ticked by at glacial speed, it happened. The stranger’s smirk grew ever so slightly, and he gave Castiel a small, yet unmistakable, wink.
“Yeah?” Dean replied, still riding Castiel as he spoke.
“The presentation of your
“So, recap --- the only juice you got is what you’re given. I think I read something like that in one of Bobby’s journals --- about angels being firehoses, you can’t do crap if there ain’t no water coming from the spigot.” Dean said, inspecting a fingernail. “And,
“It’s a safe place,” he said quietly, as though having read Castiel’s mind. “Nobody's gonna catch us here. Trust me?”
“And?”
“Uh,” he said, voice faltering. He carefully pulled his hand out from under Cas’s. “Um, now I’m gonna have to reach around you.”
“Cross your fingers they got a vacancy, Cas. Otherwise, we’re sleepin’ here.” he said, and Cas crossed his fingers against his thigh. Dean smiled to himself.
“Please.” The angel grumbled, shooting a Sam-worthy bitch face Dean’s way.
Dean, grateful for an excuse to drag his eyes away, turned to grab the bottle he had left on the vanity.
The tremendous leap in Castiel’s stomach was no contest to the rush of blood to his head. He stared blankly for a half of a second before lurching around to face the doorway, heart beating alarmingly quickly. Though he tried, Castiel could not dispute what he had just seen, because it was being replayed on a loop in his head like some bizarre, high definition clip of film footage.
“Now don’t
The liquid was cold, and he warmed it as he coated a finger. Before he began, he made one more pass over Dean’s ass with his tongue, lapping and kissing. Castiel wasn’t proud of much, but he knew what his fingers were capable of; and he wanted to hear every sound Dean could make. He swirled his finger around the pink ring, feeling the delicious pressure, and turned his wrist for the right angle. A shuddering gasp from the head of the bed as Castiel’s fingertip penetrated Dean, slick with lube as he coaxed Dean open, centimeter by centimeter. Adding more lube, soon he was two knuckles deep and enveloped in tight heat. He twisted his finger as he pulled out and went back in again, making Dean’s hips squirm.
“I wouldn’t know,” Pamela replied.
They stayed like this for a moment, Castiel brushing chapped lips over the skin of Dean’s neck, using the slick of Dean’s come to give his sensitive cock a couple more strokes. Dean was catching his breath, gulping at the night air. Castiel found that he was still idly moving his hips, and it was Dean’s singular, huffing laugh that first made him aware. Dean nudged Castiel, and Castiel took a half step back so Dean could straighten up. He busied himself with his pants a moment, and Castiel watched regretfully as the cleft of Dean’s ass disappeared behind cotton and then denim.
Castiel did not want to be waylaid, but he cooperated. And he was glad he did, for in a moment Dean had him standing by the edge of the bed, feeling the hot breath of the younger man through the fabric of his boxers. It was a fantastic view, Dean’s light hair and honey toned skin, hands grabbing his ass as Dean nuzzled the hardness in his boxers, stealing his breath away. He ran his own hands over Dean’s strong shoulders, fingertips suddenly biting into them hard enough to bruise as Dean slipped his boxers from his hips.
Their stubble caught together, the roughness so different from the softness that was Dean’s mouth, and chasing the contrast, Castiel kissed away from his mouth, peppering kisses and sweeps of his tongue along his jawline, to his earlobe and neck. Dean threw his head back to encourage the movement, Adam's apple bobbing. He moaned at a particularly long, dirty kiss that sucked a faintly pink mark onto his neck. Dean’s hands were moving as well, the thumb on Castiel’s chest rubbing sensual circles over his sternum and collarbone.
” came a snarling voice to his right, from a man that Castiel had just shouldered into. Castiel sped up, offering no apology.
Dean frowned. “Come on, it’s too loud in here.” He grabbed his jacket off a nearby rack.
His friend furrowed his eyebrows and Dean looked away quickly, swallowing hard, ignoring the unsettling heat in his middle. Cas went back to adjusting his shirt.
Castiel looked at this pretty young man that he had -- just a week before -- come to know carnally, and saw nothing but exasperation and coldness in his green eyes. He felt something heavy fall into his gut, understanding that he’d done something wrong but at a loss as to what it had been. Not for the first time in his life, he wished he could start over, skip back ten minutes and maybe, this time, he’d heed Missouri’s word. But something rooted him to the spot: the same desire for comprehension that had always made him so stubborn and insistent, made stronger, somehow, by the knowledge he’d caused an unknown harm.
“Got any rooms open?” said Dean, eyeing a greying man behind the counter, snoring with his head propped against the wall. He didn’t budge. “Hello?” Cas then stepped forward and rung the bell, waking the man up with a start.
Well, looked like a man. And he’d stared slack jawed like some half-witted schoolboy. What the hell?
His voice was going from a hiss to a more audible crackle.
Having won the wrestling match, Dean settled on top of Cas. They laid there, breathing laboured, foreheads pressed together and noses touching, doing nothing more than looking at one another through heavy-lidded eyes. The pair stayed like that for a long time as their hearts slowed and their blood resumed its usual course, until Cas decided to break the silence.
“Okay, funny guy, what
“I can’t, Dean,” he whispered. “Not here, not after paying you. I don’t want…”
It had been the explanation that made the most sense to Castiel, after mulling over the clues in his head. But Dean laughed darkly, and the consternation in Dean’s face was replaced by bitter amusement.
Castiel gulped, wondering if he had properly guessed the implications.
Now slick with saliva, Dean stroked his cock with a fist while giving the sensitive tip a few playful licks before flashing his eyes back up to Castiel, mischief twinkling there. He was enjoying himself. Again, without warning, Dean was bobbing his head down, deepthroating him and swallowing around him, making it feel as though there were nerve endings being lit on fire on every inch of his length. His hips stuttered forward before Castiel could master the instinct, but rather than retreat, Dean smiled around his cock. While making slow, maddening passes up and down his shaft, he guided one of Castiel’s hands to his head. Understanding, Castiel wound his fingers into Dean’s short hair and Dean gave a contented hum, the vibrations of which elicited a deep, guttural moan from Castiel’s throat. Dean continued working his talented mouth on Castiel, now licking a line from the base to the tip, following a vein there and sending shivers up Castiel’s spine. He went back down now, teasing his balls with wet lips, the heat of his mouth so much more powerful for the cold night air around them. But Dean now seemed done playing, and Castiel was glad -- for he was growing impatient. With two hands, Dean jacked him languidly as he gave Castiel a salacious look, and Castiel thought he might not ever have seen anything so erotic in his life.
“Nice pad,” said Dean unexpectedly.
Whatever it was that they had had grown exponentially in one night, and the mark Dean had made on him had become permanent. Sealed. Etched in stone. Lying there on his mattress, thinking about the night before, Castiel finished falling deeply in love with the man who’d just left his bed.
Dean pulled off of his cock with a popping noise, and Castiel’s knees shuddered. Castiel kicked off his boxers as Dean made room for him. He’d moved into a kneel, face pink with pleasure, erection heavy between his legs. Meeting in the middle, Castiel clambered onto the bed and they crashed together, hot skin against hot skin as they kissed fiercely. They clutched at one another, trying to fit themselves back together, chasing shared sensation and trying to sink into the moment. Their erections brushed, the friction maddening, but the feeling of Dean’s tongue on his neck stronger still-- and Castiel sank low as Dean bowed his body against himself, allowing Castiel’s roving fingers to find their mark. He pressed at Dean’s hole, and Dean’s breath was sharp. The music had become an extension of their movements, woven into the moment just as fluidly as the light filtering in through the window.
“You’re upset. I want to know why.”
And so Castiel went on, a new sort of determination blazing in his chest. He kissed down Dean’s length to tease Dean’s balls, the shaved skin sliding smoothly beneath his tongue. Fingernails dug into his scalp before Dean remembered himself, and the action turned into a caress.
“ROY! I said
“Please, Cas, I want this. I trust you.” He paused swallowing. “Do you trust me?”
“Well, sort of, I guess,” Cas amended, contemplating Meg, and her place in his world. Another moment, and Cas decided to change his answer yet again. “Uh, not really, no.”
kind.’ Jesus Christ, one uh these days I’m --”
Dean chuckled, finding the domestic-ness of all of this very amusing. He wasn’t sure why. Grunting, he rolled over, flopping onto Cas and successfully pinning him down with his weight; eliciting a rather indignant squawk from the angel who wriggled in protest.
“You know perfectly well what I--” Castiel started, before grimacing and taking a step back, freeing the man from the wall.
For once, Dean wasn’t woken up by his nightmares or the screaming of an alarm clock --- instead, Dean awoke to the sun filtering through half-closed blinds, casting lines of of light and shadow that moved slowly over the orange floral bedspread. He blinked, squinting sleepily as the sunlight filled his eyes, curling back into himself and into the warmth of the covers, revelling in the wonderful buttery feeling between his legs. It was then that Dean registered the arm snaked around his middle, hugging his naked skin; and the solid body behind him, conformed to his own position, fitting into him like a puzzle piece. The events of the night before came back to him, bit by bit, and Dean found he didn’t regret much --- he was surprised, sure, but as for right now, he was at peace with what had happened and what it meant for them. The only thing he was unhappy about at the moment was having ended up being the little spoon. That bastard.
And it was Castiel’s turn to be up against a wall, for Dean had walked him backwards to where the bins blocked the view. Dean had a strange light in his eyes as he passed a hand over Castiel’s body, up his chest and to his bicep, back to his abdomen, and hooking his fingers in the waist of his jeans so they were flush against one another again. Just as Castiel went in to kiss Dean, Dean’s pretty face dropped-- as slowly, Dean got to his knees, gazing into Castiel’s eyes the whole way down. Castiel was glad that the wall was there, for he felt as though his knees might go out from under him any second, Castiel stared in disbelief at the young man beneath him.
“So,” said Dean, with a sigh. “Name.”
“What?” Castiel shot back, a bit defensively.
He stayed like that for a while, just watching Cas sleep, now understanding the draw to do so. He wondered how many times Cas had done the same for him, and pushed the thought away --- deciding he probably didn’t want to know. Minutes ticked by, and the angel began to stir --- reassuming his slight frown, mewing like a kitten as he stretched his limbs and flipped onto his back as well, reaching up to scratch his perpetual bed head. Dean waited patiently, and soon his friend’s eyes blinked open, blue as ever and peering right back at him.
Half a bottle left of beer and Castiel was already feeling a bit fuzzy. The bar was a haze of smoke and dim lights full of the muddled tones of dozens of voices. But even through the golden sunrays provided by a few drinks, Castiel’s innate suspicion persisted. He hadn’t forgotten where he was, and knew well enough to stay wary of his surroundings. Around him, beneath the din, people were discussing practice, trade, and profit -- all of which, on this side of town, were mainly sourced at the expense of others.
“There’s somewhere we can go. Somewhere we won’t be seen.”
“There’s a window right there. Not to be rude,” Castiel added, quickly.
“C’mon,
You've read your plot, so now have some porn. 6000 words of it.
“Whatever. I am still sleeping on the sofa.”
Castiel relaxed his arm, so Dean could approach. Dean’s face was half lit, half in shadow, the handsome lines of it bathed in the yellow of streetlights and cloaked in the darkness of the room. He raked the face of his lover, trying to remember its every beautiful detail, and he did so unrestrained, for Dean’s eyes were doing the same to him. Dean’s lips parted, their pink seam revealing the edge of teeth and a hint of tongue. He leaned in, eyes fluttering shut.
Dean raised an eyebrow.
“Don’t call me that,” Pamela snipped. “Hey, Roy!” She waved a twenty in the air. “My tab.”
“And I’m not stopping you,” said Missouri, now with a slight frown. “I’ve had my word. Do with it what you’d like.”
He took another swig. Castiel took a moment to refamiliarize himself with his environment -- he noticed the tinny, clamouring music filtering above the crowd. A more trained ear might have made it out to be David Bowie, a name Castiel suspected after a minute or so of discerning plucky, dream-like chords as they drifted down from the speakers.
Pamela smirked and plucked her freshly-delivered drink off the table.
“What do you want?”
“See?” said Castiel. “Not home.”
“You can sit down, you know,” he said.
Damn it, he liked women.
The angel looked absolutely scandalized.
“Nothing.”
“Better?” asked Dean, quirking an eyebrow.
Dean peeled off his jacket and shirts, clenching his jaw as his sleeve brushed past the gash in his arm. He balled them up and set them next to Cas’s things. Dean stuck his hand under the faucet over the tub, happy to find there was still hot water left, and switched on the showerhead before going about working his way out of his jeans. Dean half wondered it he’d ever be able to get the smell out of any of his things as he slid off his much less dirty boxers, which he cast onto the pile of soiled clothing before stepping into the shower.
Cas’s breath tickled his neck, and Dean could still hear quiet snores from the angel. As slowly as he could, Dean worked his way out from under Cas’s arm, shifting until he laid on his back, and he turned his head to the side to get a better look at his friend. Cas looked--- well, he looked,
“It’s fine, dude, I shouldn’t’a suggested--”
Castiel came to a sudden halt. The door to the bar swung shut. Turning in the direction of the speaker, Castiel found himself looking upon a familiar face -- but not the one he had been seeking. Earrings glinting in the reddish glare, Missouri was looking him over, a cigarette held thoughtfully between two manicured fingers.
Why they’d slowed down Castiel wasn’t sure, but he wasn’t complaining. They kissed again, with more intensity this time, flashes of tongue joining the movement of lips, and Dean’s fingertips pressed into Castiel’s chest. Hums and sighs were shared between their mouths, Dean’s clever tongue moving velvet soft over his upper lip before he sucked Castiel’s lower lip languidly. Castiel had handfuls of Dean’s shirt in his grip, and as the blood in his body seemed to burn hot he pulled Dean closer, until there was scarcely an inch of them not pressed firmly against the other.
“Now, you can, uh, move your hand."
“Oh.” Castiel said, not sure how to respond to this extraordinary proclamation.
“Uh, yeah, ‘course.” Dean started. “Just spaced out. Turn a bit, I’ll get these on.” He peeled off the paper on the back of the bandage, carefully placing one end, gently pushing Cas’s flesh together before smoothing the rest of the bandage down. He repeated the process three times with little word from the angel. “There. Everything feeling fine?” Dean looked up from where he knelt at his friend’s feet, and he felt something jump in his core at the sight --- a topless, particularly disheveled looking Cas peering down, looming over him with his lips parted the slightest bit. Dean wasn’t sure it was possible, but the heat between his legs grew more intense. He tried to distract and disgust himself --- name the presidents, picture the lunch lady at that middle school in Kentucky --- but nothing worked. All he could do was inwardly scold himself for being aroused by an off-limits commodity while simultaneously becoming more aroused by the same off-limits commodity.
Past the theater, Castiel glanced up to see the sign for
“Because I want to make it up to you. Like I said,” said Castiel.
Behind him, the latch bolt clicked and Castiel turned on instinct, catching Dean’s eye as he looked up from the knob. Castiel glanced away quickly and wanting to busy himself with something, he edged to his desk and stooped to look through a milk crate full of records.
He whipped his head around, caught off-guard by Cas’s sudden appearance, having nearly forgotten he was there. Dean locked eyes with the angel, whose eyes widened at his alarm.
“Suit yourself.” Dean grabbed his pajamas and walked into the bathroom. Cas’s dirty clothes were folded neatly next to the tub, his shampoo significantly depleted, but left with more than enough for Dean to use. He turned on the water and waited for it to heat up, thankful Cas had been smart enough to bring soap - the guy had a knack for anticipating things, and how he did it, Dean would never know. Although, he hadn’t predicted needing a change of clothes. Or, maybe, he knew Dean would have packed enough for the both of them. Could angels do that? Dean had no idea.
“Here,” Castiel said, taking up a handful of the flannel shirt Dean wore over a tee. “Let me help.”
The next few minutes were quiet but for Dean’s soft, overstrung moans, because Castiel had crawled back into place between Dean’s legs, the giving of release on his mind. One finger slipped inside of Dean to caress his sweet spot, Castiel used his other hand to pump Dean’s length, which was thick and hard and pulsing with tension. Castiel watched the lean, beautiful body quake and shudder at his touch, saw the color rising in his cheeks. Dean’s lips framed his warning just moments before the orgasm hit, and he cried aloud as he came in spurts, pearls of ejaculate landing on his abdomen and chest. Castiel stroked Dean until he was empty, and then he kissed him, sloppily and inexpertly, for both were entirely spent.
Castiel was scanning Dean’s face, taking in the lids at half mast, the way his lip was just barely caught between his teeth. His heart skipped a beat.
“‘Cause I felt like it.”
“Yeah?” he shot back, readying his offense.
The doubt left in his chest seemed to dissipate, unable to stand the brilliance of the light that was . Tenderly, Castiel cupped Dean’s cheek. Dean leaned into the touch.
specimen anyways?” Missouri asked, turning her attention to Castiel and giving him a once-over.
Dean nearly fell out of bed trying to reach the discarded lube on the floor despite Cas insisting they could go without (Dean, I can create the proper lubrication with my grace,) leaving Cas to haul his friend back onto the mattress. They spent a while fumbling with the cap before spilling a crap ton over the both of them. Dean cursed, but neither of them really minded very much. It was the cleaning lady’s problem now. Soon, they were both hard, and the pair slid their bodies together --- doing nothing extravagant, simply moving against one another for mutual pleasure, the friction of their cocks rubbing and their still roaming mouths and hands more than enough for either of them. Their thrusts were undisciplined with no real discernable rhythm, and their moans were soft and a bit ragged. It didn’t take long before both men were close --- and this time Cas was first, spilling over them with muffled cry. The feel of Cas’s come on his skin was enough to send Dean crashing over the edge as well, his come mixing with Cas’s, painting their bellies.
“Your watch is off,” said Pamela.
A few seconds and Castiel was sitting in a booth with this man. This dangerous, attractive man in a beat up leather jacket, for whom he’d felt just moments before the burning desire to punch in the face. Dean slid him a beer, which Castiel just held.
“Alright. Where do you go to school?”
Cas pursed his lips. “Well, I’m afraid I’m more vulnerable than I used to be. But, I’ll manage. A night’s rest and I should be able to heal myself. And you, too.” He said, nodding towards Dean’s arm.
“It’s Nick Drake,” he answered.
He said it simply, as though this was an adequate response. Castiel blinked, feeling slow, confused at the eb and flow of his own anger.
Dean didn’t bring up his work and Castiel didn’t ask about it, but it wasn’t the sort of unspoken thing that weighed heavily on the silences and haunted their shared moments. No, it was more of a truth that had been woven into their understanding of one another, something that had been important to make clear but of no consequence when spending time with one another, and it only ever crept into Castiel’s mind when they parted. He knew that someday, if they kept seeing each other, Castiel would have to voice those worries that rose when Dean left; but for now, knowing Dean was only waiting for something better to come along and would take it when he did was enough for Castiel.
“So, let’s open the kit.”
“Uh, yeah, think so.” He said, still taking in the angel.
Cas’s expression lightened exponentially, and he unbuckled his seatbelt (Cas seemed to have a special appreciation for automotive safety measures) and started to get out of the car.
“Hey, it’s a big step up from where I been staying.” Dean, not seeming to want to elaborate, changed track. “Musta cost a fortune. Who’s your roommate?”
“But--” Castiel started again. How could she have been so confident? Her movements were precise and without hesitation, and she was so aware of her surroundings it had seemed  she had eyes in the back of her head. Now he knew that not only did she lack that second set of eyes, she lacked the first.
but when Dean turned his head to look at his friend, he decided to bite his tongue. Castiel looked no different --- and that was perhaps why Dean changed his mind. He had the same slumped shoulders, the same earnest gaze --- the same Castiel that has never really known patience and affection, the same Castiel that Dean had rarely been gentle with himself. What Cas had said was quite simple, but the meaning carried in his single word hit Dean square in the chest. Castiel --- in all of his celestial grace and incomprehensible magnitude, of whom has seen empires rise and fall and stars die and come into being --- has asked something of him with such imploring sincerity one may think it were of great importance to the entirety of the universe; when, in fact, the sheer simplicity of the request could be just as stunning. Castiel wants him to
It was as Castiel scissored his fingers that Dean really became undone; Castiel had hit his sweet spot and Dean’s hands were grabbing at the pillowcase, voice muffled as he buried his face in the pillow.
This rate, you’re gonna drink yourself blind.” Roy smirked.
or perhaps; “
Like hell if Dean was gonna bring it up - some things were better left unsaid. Hopefully Cas recognised that and wouldn’t make some stupid comment, because the potential conversation made his insides crawl. Although, Dean doubted his friend would mention anything - his reaction alone suggested Cas had a full understanding of the situation, and would most likely not want to talk about it, either.
“You like this, huh?” whispered Dean. “You like having my mouth wrapped around your cock. Is this what you wanted? When you shoved me into a wall back there? Because I wanted this,” he almost hissed. “I wanted you.”
“May I?” Castiel finished.
“ It’s really not like tha-- I don’t have anyone, I mean.”
the cock now at his mercy; now it was within his sight and his to taste, and he marveled that whatever sculptor had made this body had not failed to make this part of him just as stunning as the rest.
Once again, Castiel found himself awake before Dean. This time, however, he had no plan on leaving. The room was sunny, and the bedsheets smelled like sex, and Dean’s limbs were twisted somewhat awkwardly as he lay on his side, facing Castiel. The sunlight bouncing from the wallpaper was far more beautiful where it laced into Dean’s eyelashes, like sun rays shining through clouds, golden bright. He watched Dean, taking advantage of his stillness to really look at him. Even with his mouth lolling open and his face smushed against the pillow, he was stunning. Castiel wasn’t sure how much time passed as he watched Dean, who snored softly every few exhales, before going quiet. Consciousness re-entered his face in a small frown, a less-than welcoming greeting to the light in the room. His eyes fluttered open, and he gazed at Castiel as he blinked away the drowsiness.
Dean’s voice was shy, uncertain. Self conscious. Quickly, Castiel perked up his head and looked to the doorframe, where a Dean in only boxers and a white undershirt was silhouetted, hair sticking up every which way. Castiel frowned suspiciously, expecting another attempt by Dean to “pay him back”.
“Dean, I’ve already said—”
He kissed Dean, who’d leaned in to be chest to chest, and Castiel moved his hips up to meet Dean, slight thrusts into his heat. Inside of Castiel something was winding tight, and he gripped Dean, feeling the beading sweat on his back, hearing his breath by his ear. Desperation crept into their voices as words became difficult, Dean meeting Castiel’s thrusts in a frenzy of movement.
The crowd thinned out past the theater and the people seemed keen to avoid Castiel, which was just fine by him. He pulled his coat closer around himself and tucked his head down, stepping over cracks and covering the last few blocks fairly quickly. The bar sign—a flickering, twisted neon thing spelling ‘
With a grin, Dean extended a hand, as though they were just meeting.
“I want you inside of me.”
When he finally met Dean’s eyes once more, it was to find them round and wide. His lips were parted in a little “O”, and he looked up at Castiel in something bordering on awe. This time, Castiel did not stop the smirk that crept onto his face.
The sound of flesh slapping against flesh and the moans leaving their mouths was loud enough to drown out the music.
“Well, thank God for Elvis’s mom, then.”
“Do you have
“ … Fine.
“So, that means you could say that you ‘
Thanks again!
“Castiel Novak,” said Castiel, the corners of his mouth turning up in a smile.
A few steps from where he and Dean had stood was a dark hallway, in which the only light came from a sputtering wall sconce that did nothing more than cause dim flashes on the discarded dishes piled on a dusty cart. Dean sidestepped the cart, looking like he’d been this way many times before. Castiel followed him down this passageway, which presumably led to a back entrance, and the sounds of the patrons of
“Yes.”
Dean felt heat rise in his cheeks.
“You gotta start thinking about yourself, man. You can’t just go around falling apart and think you’re gonna be able to help anybody. Doesn’t work like that.”
“Well, uh--”
Dean threw his hands in the air, eyes wide with exasperation. “You did nothing, pal, except march over here with that pole up your ass, looking like a cop in that stupid trenchcoat.”
“Uh… the
sort of action,” he grunted, and Castiel could hear the grin in his voice.
Cas’s voice was soft, raspy, and unsure. Dean jolted himself back into the moment, happy to continue whatever he was doing. What
“Wait,” began Castiel, mind now working at double speed as he tried to make sense of the situation. “How do you know Dean?”
"Of course," said Castiel
“Of course,” he said, softly.
Well, the second-most skin Dean had seen on Cas was when he had unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt, giving Dean a flash of his upper chest before leaving for his “date.”
“What?” Dean teased. “Don’t think I forgot about you.”
“Hey.” He said. “You know what? Screw it. You can ride up here.”
“I don’t have one.”
“Didn’t mean to freak you out or nothin’,” the young man said, smiling. “The way you talk, you’d think no one had ever taken an interest in you.”
But whether it was the alcohol in his system, or the welcomed dissociation brought on by his emotional state, he’d been saved the anxiety of hypervigilance. So, when the familiar prickle ran up his spine, Castiel’s first reaction was disappointment. He felt it first as he dropped his lighter back in his pocket. His proverbial security blanket relinquished its hold, and a stiff-backed Castiel let his brow furrow once again as he fixed his eyes forward. The feeling persisted, and Castiel downed his second shot.
“Out for a drink,” Castiel answered shortly.
“Uh, yeah,” he answered. “Two vacant. Shower’s shot in one of ‘em, though.”
“Okay. You already cleaned it off in the shower, so we don’t need to worry about soap or anything. But we should still disinfect it.”
“In case you haven’t noticed, Dean, I’m not exactly an average guy, nor do we often have average conversations.”
More quietly he talked about how things were temporary, about how he hadn’t had these plans. How life had been strange and indiscriminate in its unkindness. Thoughtfully his finger traced the rim of the wine glass, and one instance he burst with delight when his motions caused the glass to sing with deep, bright reverberations. The lights hung in his eyes like stars, and they seemed more a reflection of his soul than they did the lamps lit around them.
“You sure?” he asked.
Dean looked in the rear-view mirror, smiling at his friend. Cas's hair was askew, matted in odd places and sticking out in others, and his trench was sopping wet and hanging loosely around his frame, big blue eyes staring back at him, bemused, made ever brighter by his otherwise grimy face. Dean couldn’t help but compare the angel with a cat just out of a bath. Well, perhaps the opposite of a bath.
Startled, Dean looked up at his friend.
“Noted.”
man.”
Cas shyly moved his hand, placing it against Dean’s. Taken aback, Dean looked up at his friend, who was looking down at his ribcabe. He swallowed.
Did he chance another look back?
His erection throbbed in his jeans, and he ground into Dean, trying desperately to sate it. There was little grace to their motions, and that was okay; because neither were bothered by it, both were stealing pleasure in the dead of night, and when Castiel’s hand traveled down to Dean’s groin and he palmed the hardness there, Dean muttered his consent. A fumbling of zippers and Dean’s Levi’s were below his hips, Castiel feeling the cloth of his briefs, the proof of Dean’s arousal, straining against the thin fabric. He guided it free, thumbing the tip, which was already wet with precome. After spitting in his palm, Castiel pumped his hand down and up Dean’s thick shaft, eliciting from the man a whining groan.
Man, this was unpleasant. Dean shifted, all too aware of the ungodly places the filth had wormed its way into. He reached his hand down - but stopped just above his groin.
The two embraced, and the friend -- Missouri -- took Pamela’s hands in hers and gave them a heartfelt squeeze.
“I’m not going to recite an incantation to remove you from my body, Dean.”
He palmed Dean’s growing erection through his jeans, and undid the fly. Slowly, rapturously, he pulled the jeans from Dean’s hips as he lifted his bottom from the bed, and shimmied them down his legs before pulling them off completely. Dean sat, propped up on his arm, breathing rapidly as Castiel ran his hands over the muscles of his legs to his inner thighs. He was beautiful, and Castiel felt a lump of emotion rise in his throat as he looked over the body before him, naked but for gray cotton briefs.
Licking his lips, Dean turned the keys. For God’s sake, he’s known the guy for
The television had been turned off, and the only light in the room was the yellowish, soft kind from the lamp on the bedside table. Cas was no longer at the table on the opposite side of the room. Instead, he was perched at the edge of the mattress, hands gripped tight to the comforter, staring right back at Dean. He looked the same as he had when Dean dragged him to that nightclub - slack-jawed and helpless, stiff as a board and nothing like the Cas that Dean was used to. The guy was
thought Castiel,
“I’m close,” said Castiel, and Dean’s nod turned to a shudder as Castiel wrapped his hand around his cock.
“And,” Castiel started, hesitating on how he would word this. “And ‘Dean’ is your name? Your real name?”
And yet, when the hour was late and Dean was immersed in his own pleasure, his mind wandered to this very idea, this forbidden desire he refused to admit existed, even to himself.
Castiel had no response to this, but Dean didn’t seem to be waiting for an explanation.
“It’s just--” Dean bleated before regaining his poise. “I just don’t like owing people. Don’t like favors. Please, let me. I want it. I do.”
“Whoa, this isn’t an interrogation or anything, Cas-tee-el,” Pamela responded, “No need to get all tense.”
“I don’t understand how you know…” Castiel swallowed. “Why I’m here.”
“What do you want from me?” he asked, crossing his arms. “I don’t owe you anything,” he added, as though Castiel had demanded something of him.
To all my friends, to my brother, and to my lovely girlfriend -- I couldn't have done this without your encouragement and support.
So very good.
“No, don’t sweat it man, I - um…” Dean’s voice trailed off as his eyes traveled down his friend’s body. The most skin Dean had seen on Cas was that one time his sleeves were rolled up, exposing his forearms -
As another beer was slid to him across the bar, he wondered about Pamela, and offered bemused thanks to the universe that he should’ve stumbled across her path. But, with her had left the momentary peace and occupation, and the demons that had driven him to drink began stalking him once more. And as before, the feeling that he was being watched rose like a soloist above the anxious violin chorus that was his thoughts.
“Are you-- are you coming on to me?”
But Dean cut him short.
“Go ahead,” said Dean, the lighter finally taking, and his face suddenly glowed orange. “I’m not going back.”
The water hitting his back was like heaven. He exhaled, feeling the tension in his shoulders wash down the drain as he stood still, marveling at the water pressure and nearly forgetting what he was thinking about just a moment before. Dean uncapped the shampoo, squeezed out a generous amount and lathered it into his hair. The suds quickly turned black, and he wrinkled his nose as the smell of sewage became ever more obvious as it washed off his body. He scratched at his scalp as his mind wandered back to sunsets and happiness. Dean always felt funny fantasizing about a life he might have had, thinking about the stupid, every-day mindless stuff he never got to enjoy living the way he did - like someone would catch him daydreaming about suburban barbeques and front porches. Anyways, Dean never talked about his pipe dreams lest someone think he’d gone soft; although, he knew Sam was familiar with his desires. He was the one that insisted Dean have a life with Lisa and Ben. How Sam could see right through him would always be a mystery to Dean - even as a kid, Sam knew stuff about him even Dean hadn’t figured out yet. He probably still did. It ticked Dean off - he spent so much time and energy keeping up an image, trying to make sure no one could recognise his weakness, and people still managed to see right through his crap. Although, most people, like Sam, would tip toe around the issues when intervention wasn’t totally necessary - unless, of course, you are an infuriatingly perceptive and totally clueless angel. Cas could read Dean like a book, calling him out on a regular basis since that night they’d met; and Cas wasn’t
This stranger at his feet was more dangerous than Castiel had thought.
The short journey was eerily similar to their last and yet very, very different. Gone, for one, was trepidation and want, and in its place swirling thoughts about workplaces and warnings, and an unidentifiable sense of loss. In no time Castiel found himself back in the dank alleyway, and with a steadying breath, Dean turned to face him.
And yet, there he stood. Fixed to the spot, he glared at the stranger, unable to propel himself forward. He teetered on the edge of acting, not dropping his gaze, and the stranger looked back, unphased. Finally, it became too much. When the man’s eyes flickered away and he began to walk deeper into the shadows, Castiel unfroze and veered towards the man, who turned in surprise. Castiel shocked himself with his own actions, but made no effort to stop himself when he pushed the stranger against a wall with his forearm and gritted his teeth.
Beyond the ugly combination of guilt and disgust that had settled in Dean’s gut, something entirely different grew. His skin was heated from more than the cascade of water down his back, and his nerve endings began to wake up, his fingertips itching to touch his skin and
In an attempt to let Cas off the hook, Dean turned on the radio, and the chorus of “Hound Dog” blasted through the speakers. Dean went to switch the station to something more seventies, but Cas stopped him, saying something akin to “I’ve always had a soft spot for Elvis.”
“The hell is this?”
Cas looked quite
“That was a joke, wasn’t it?”
Above them, the sign for
Castiel’s protests die before leaving his lips. “Of course,” he said softly, rising from the couch.
“Why’d you roll on top of me?” Cas groaned, having gone limp in resignation.
“Yeah.” Pamela chuckled. “Real comedian, isn’t he?”
She smiled, deftly placing a hand on his shoulder, which she gave a squeeze. “Oh, some things I can just tell.”
Dean shut off the water. He had successfully de-sewaged himself, albeit having to wash certain places more thoroughly than he would originally have liked to. But, he felt clean and fresh, and it was
“Is this better, Dean?”
“Yes, Dean, that was a joke.”
said Castiel, irritably. “I guess, a change of scenery? I don’t know. I just wanted a drink.”
“Thanks, Dean.” Cas called from behind the curtain.
“Dean,” he half-cried. “I’m gonna--”
“You don’t need to, sweetheart. Go home, Castiel, he’ll be here another night. A better night.”
Making up his mind on the spot, Castiel began towards the pair. Dean was speaking low, but he faltered when his eyes fell upon Castiel. A strange, closed expression came over his face, and he gave an almost imperceptible shake of his head. Noticing Dean’s momentary preoccupation, the man looked over as well, and Castiel saw a lined, unpleasant face with a scruffy beard and unmistakable traces of alarm.
Castiel finished his bottle and wedged himself towards the bar.
The pair departed, winding through the crowd with Missouri in the lead. A moment passed, and they disappeared into the night. Someone had already taken the seats he and Pamela had occupied, so Castiel elected to stay standing, where he dissolved into the shuffling crowd, comfortably invisible. Except, he wasn’t invisible. Castiel glanced to the dim back corner of the bar and found the same figure silhouetted, whose eyes once again met his. Castiel didn’t break eye contact as the man lifted a lighter to his face, flicking it open to light the cigarette between his lips. The flame illuminated his features for just a moment before being put out. The man was young, Castiel could see, with the lines of striking features. Intrigue had kept him looking this long, but his considerable disquiet now had him turning back to the bar. He took a swig of his beer for good measure.
New thoughts circled Castiel’s mind, though they were abstract, more like strokes of color than thoughts.
“At this rate, we won’t get back ‘till six,” He calculated. “And that’s if we leave right now, no pit-stops.”
He slowly lifted his hand from his friend’s back. Just as he did that, Cas seemed to grow concerned, tilting his head and looking intently at the hunter.
“Don’t cheapen the moment,” joked Castiel, discarding the used condom.
Dean deflated slightly.
-- his bar would be clean and inviting and the people in it would be friendly, and the beers on tap craft beers, and there’d be quality stuff on the top shelf. He’d run it. He had a flair for business, he explained, with a smile full of mixed emotion.
Glasses in one hand and bottle of wine and screw in the other, Castiel walked back into the living area to find Dean sitting uncertainly on the edge of the couch. He smiled as Castiel approached.
But the blushing was new.
“Mmm,” Castiel hummed. “No.”
Ra itaa kua a ael
Dean wanted to kiss him.
“Well, thank you.”
hung in his nostrils, obliterating everything else but the feeling of Dean’s mouth surrounding him, sucking him.
It was a tentative sort of touch, just the weight of Dean’s hand, but Castiel knew what it meant. His heart leapt into his mouth, and through his hazy mind came a flood of clarity. He looked down to his lap before his eyes traveled slowly back up, and he looked through his lashes at Dean, whose eyes seemed to darken, and the hand began a caress. It gripped him lightly, feeling the curve of his thigh, strong, gentle fingers sending pulses of anticipation through Castiel.
And Dean sank his head down on Castiel’s cock, keeping tight around him as he bobbed up and down, looking up at Castiel. Castiel found his other hand on Dean’s head, and he was rocking into that intoxicating heat and wetness, hips rolling to meet Dean, whose small sounds vibrated into Castiel’s very core. He was moaning in earnest now, not caring about being heard. Not in a long time had he been this high, and this was so dirty, so taboo, so very fucking
“We were in grade school together,” Castiel told her, eyes not leaving Dean. “My family had to move away one summer and we…lost touch.”
Cas now and sits down to finally eat some nachos. “I still don't know if I like this game. Why do I have to wear special shoes?”
They continue texting into the evening. Dean’s pizza arrives and he has his dinner. He’s got a movie on in the background that he only pays attention to when he’s not texting Castiel. His movie ends and he still hasn’t asked Castiel about going on their coffee date. He will do that in his next response.
“Thanks for the concern, but I’ll be fine, Mom. Now help me put my bedding on. I can't wait to use this memory foam topper.”
“Dean, I don't think I threw it hard enough,” Cas says needlessly.
He said that, oh god, he said
Movement in his peripheral vision catches his attention. Cas has just left the library. He scans the area and Dean can tell the exact moment Cas’ eyes land on him and the Impala because they light up and a smile fills his face. Dean can feel heat spread across his cheeks and soaks in the image in front of him: Cas smiling at him, beige trench coat open and fanning out behind him as he approaches the car. Dean’s mouth goes dry.
‘I just like them.
“Wait, are you…breaking up with me over this?” Castiel was stunned. He didn’t think that would have been the outcome of this evening. And as upsetting as a break up was…he didn’t feel anger at Bart for saying it.
“You like baking, huh?”
Donna had overheard him talking to Victor and other friends in the schoolyard when they asked about Castiel in passing. They tried to stay in touch at the beginning. They tried letters, the occasional phone call, and an email here and there, but it just wasn’t the same.
“The important parts are the same at the end of the day. It’s still about friendship and family.”
Cas gets to the car and opens the passenger door. He slides in gracefully and does up the seat belt. “I’m sorry for making you wait but thank you for picking me up.”
“Awesome. This is easy so far!” Dean says in surprise. “If I’d known following recipes was so easy before, I would’ve started baking ages ago. What else do you know how to make?”
And he was tired of passively letting his life happen and not making his time on this earth count.
It's when Dean walks into the kitchen saying, "All that bacon better be for me!" that he realizes that his Christmas surprise might not be much of a surprise if Dean is already here. He thought for sure Dean would still be asleep after their late night together the night before.
“It's obvious there is some back story between you two and I knew you weren't going to punch him.”
Dean had been hoping Cas would have said something more date-like, but working at a bake sale together could be fun too.
‘Would you be interested in helping me bake?
“Well, apple is my favourite, but if you say that blueberry is your best, I’ll try that first.” Dean pours the last scoop of cocoa powder in the bowl.
“Oh, most definitely. We'll have people lining up for your cupcakes. I should take another photo with you in it.”
Castiel uncaps the marker and reaches for Dean’s hand. He lets it go loose and follows the direction Castiel pulls it into. Ten digits are meticulously written onto the back of his hand.
“Cas…” Dean said softly, but Cas didn’t let him say more. “I don’t think I would have said I felt like my life was missing anything until you came back into it. Now when we’re not together, there’s a hole in my heart until you’re back by my side.”
They hit play and the show continued as they settled back to their spots on Jo’s bed. Alex’s arm wraps around Cas’ shoulders and Jo’s warmth was pressed against his other side; he felt calm again. He was glad to have them in his life, as glad as he was to have Dean in it again.
Castiel gives him a strange look. Dean never said he was a good interrogator. Just curious.
“You know I still don’t understand that reference,” Cas complains.
Dean was right. What was stopping him? He can’t be reading this wrong can he? Even if Dean did reject him, it would be painful, it would feel like his world was ending, but it wouldn’t last forever. And he would
He knew he didn’t like that guy. He shoots off a quick reply expressing his undying gratitude and how much he owes her for this. It’s only a few silent minutes later, their teeth chattering too much for conversation, that they’re back in their dorm.
“Hey, how’re you?” the other man asked in return.
Castiel looks at Dean and gives him a small smile. “Thank you. I like donuts too. We can share them all.”
“Do you ever just want to kiss someone, but you can’t?” The words tumble out of Castiel’s mouth before he can stop himself.
She had put together the list of partners last night. With a slight change to her usual lesson plan, she was sure there would be a positive outcome for all of her students. They would get to read a book important to a classmate and she could guarantee Castiel would make a new friend.
“Touchy, touchy. I could find something to do. ‘Over there.’ Nice meeting you,
“Uriel was talking about how attractive the female teachers in the art department are, how he'd sleep with any of them if he got the chance, that sort of thing. I hadn't told him that I'm gay yet, but this seemed like a perfect opportunity. I mentioned that our art history teacher, Greg, is handsome. Uriel didn't take it well. I tried to backtrack by explaining that aesthetic attraction isn't the same as sexual attraction, but he wouldn't even try to understand, as he was too busy telling me how sick I am for being gay.” Cas shakes his head at the memory. “He refused to share a room with me anymore, storming out that night. I filed my grievance against him right away.”
“Cas…” Dean’s arm winds around his shoulders and pulls him in tight. “What would you think if I said it was the same for me?”
“Well, you got the speed part down now,” Dean says encouragingly. “We can work on your aim for the rest of the game.”
“That's all right, Dean. I can show you what to do,” Cas says, resting his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
, said Castiel's tidy print.
. His phone beeps again.
Jo gasped in horror. “And you dated him for six months knowing that? Castiel!” She shook her head in mock offense. “That should have been your first clue he wasn’t right.”
“Uhhh…” Cas says.
And Dean just laughs, "I know!" he reassures Cas. "I'm just kidding with you." He clasps his other hand on top of Cas's. "Do you want help?"
“Yeah, he wasn’t your number one fan either,” he laughed.
It wasn’t until September that Donna found out that Castiel’s family had moved away during the summer. She heard through the grapevine of administration that his father got a transfer due to a promotion and that they moved out of state.
Castiel laughed. “You don't know me well enough. Last year I was so sick I almost wound up in the ER with pneumonia when I ignored my symptoms and continued going to classes.” He scooped up his belongings and shoved everything haphazardly into his backpack.
Cas grins easily, nose scrunching. “Thank you, Dean. Now, I’d like to kiss you again, if that’s okay.”
‘I feel they add something extra to text messaging.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No problem,” Dean says gruffly, trying to will his blush away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas, no matter what, I’m going to love it,” Dean reassured.
It clicked shut and Cas sighed, flopping back on the couch, TV still on in the background. He felt around on the coffee table without looking for his phone. He might have been happy that his relationship with Bart had run its course, but a breakup was still a breakup. He turned it on aimlessly and went to Messenger without noticing. His last message was from Dean, but he couldn’t talk to him right now. Instead, he scrolled down to Jo and sent her a quick message.
“My name is Castiel and…I like to read books and watch bees.” He turned back to look at Donna and she nodded to let him know that that was enough.
“It’s this guy I met in my elective. You know the world religions class I’m taking? I met him there. He’s an art major, studying illustration,” Jo explained. “He’s definitely a dork, but I think you two could be good friends.”
Thank you for all the kudos, bookmarks, and subscriptions! <3
“My stop is only one two stops after this one. I can just walk the rest of the way. I was enjoying our conversation.”
Bartholomew held up a book. He could see that they were reading the same book, though different editions. “Yes, vampires are mythological creatures…?” Cas trailed off, unsure of what this stranger was talking about.
Dean really wants to broach the subject, but he's still not sure how. He hangs up his own cost and is turning on their space heater when Cas returns, bandages and antibiotic in hand.
The first few went without a hitch, if you didn’t include the hemming and hawing and muttered hesitation. She thought it was an easy presentation for this group, that she was going easy on them: they just had to describe the scene they chose to create and talk about why they chose it. Donna knew that many of her students didn’t like to present publicly like this, so she graded more leniently than she probably should.
“Uriel was my roommate before you. We'd only just met this year, different programs,” Cas explains. He gets up for a moment to retrieve the bottle of whiskey he'd mentioned earlier. He takes a healthy swig and passes it to Dean. Dean takes a smaller sip and hands it back. Cas holds it loosely in his hand and stares at it absently. Dean can tell he's trying to decide how to tell the story and places his hand on Cas’ encouragingly. His eyes focus on Dean's hand, so Dean gives him a reassuring squeeze.
‘I could do that. Should I bring coffee?’
Castiel sat up and crossed his arms at that. “What’s the implication here? Dean is my friend. It makes sense that I’d be looking forward to spend time with him. I look forward to spending time with you two also.”
Cas pondered for a moment. “Only vaguely…”
“Camping? In November! I bet you were cold,” Donna said.
Dean pushed forward. “I think we’re better as just friends. There just isn’t a connection.”
“No, he’s only your not-a-boyfriend,” Jo said sarcastically, “Don’t you care where he is?”
“She makes me feel things,” Dean asserts. Cas shakes his head affectionately. “So I was thinking about these things and I realized that it doesn’t matter that we didn’t get together earlier. We starting dating when we did and it was the right time for us.” He shrugs before continuing. “It makes no difference. We’re together now, still, and we’re happy.”
“You’ve re-encountered your long lost childhood boyfriend. Why shouldn’t I be jealous?” Bart pointed out.
“You’re right,” Cas sighed.
Cas continues.
“Victor? You had your hand up. What did you get up to?”
Dean feels a burst of warmth in his chest. Wasn’t he cold just now? It seems like such a distant memory already.
Only fifteen minutes later, Dean hears his phone go off. His heart stops. This is it. This is Castiel cancelling on him. It’s over before it can even begin. Well, they had their good moments. He can savor them. Quietly. And alone. Forever.
“I’d love to go to dinner on Saturday,” Cas paused with a questioning look on his face. “I assume that's what you were getting at.”
“Sorry, Huggy Bear.”
“If you’re sure…” she surveys the room and sees many of them nodding before continuing.
