We are now near the end of my story. A bit more about what the future holds...and people start to die. But they are old. I'm mostly lining up to my a bit of surprise (?) in the last chapter. My cross-over to another one of my stories. If you don't want to follow that, you can leave this story after the next chapter.
“Why didn’t you use your safe-word Sherlock, when it became too uncomfortable?” John wanted to know.
John frowned, “No side effects?”
“Oh what the hell...if you can be quiet, then join us!” John said.
Then Sherlock had hesitated, before he had continued, “......there was something, though. She said that the world was changing and that every step should be taken with caution. But she had said that before, so I didn't pay so much attention. Should I have?”
Finished. I hope you enjoyed it. And yes...I know. Writing that it was EMP-theory since Sherlock was shot...it is a bit easy. I know....
And finally Greg understood, “Hamish isn't old enough. You want them to take your place, just like Leuris is going to be Lady Elisabeth's successor. That is the reason, isn't it?”
He took a deep breath and looked around. Everything had been taken care of. Everything had been cleared and sorted out. The hives had been told that John had died. A new keeper had been found and the hives would be moved to their new place during their winter hiatus. Sherlock had even ‘told’ the bees that he would be gone soon.
And Sherlock could feel a growing erection touching his back.
Sherlock smiled, “Well..I don't do that much. I just think that I have lucky genes. More than Mycroft, because he had to exercise a lot in order not to get so chubby again as he was in his early teenage years. I just...look like I do, I suppose. And then the
__________________________
Sherlock stopped at the door and looked back at Mycroft and smiled, “I could almost feel that you ogled my arse.”
And finally John understood, “Oh..well. 'Mary' left her 'pregnancy' in our bathroom, before she killed Magnussen and tried to flee...”
Sherlock nodded, “You know that feeling too, don't you John? When you were a sniper and had your target in the sight. Everything narrows down. There are only you and him in the world. Or...when you were a captain and you were on patrol. Because it was your responsibility to keep your men safe, you would notice everything: a glint behind a dune, that could indicate a sniper. A wrong movement caught in the corner of your eye: An indication of an incoming attack.”
Sherlock grappled John’s hand and kissed it and looked at John through his eyelashes and rumbled with that voice that oozed of sex: “I wouldn’t mind such a collar either!”
And then he began to loosen Mycroft's hole. He had used a rather big nozzle for the enema, so Mycroft had been loosened a bit and now Greg finished the job with his tongue. He was still amazed that he could take Mycroft so much apart just by doing this to him.
Mary smiled at him: “You have finally forgiven me, then?”
“No! Yes....I mean. Of course he can. He is a grown-up. But he has been harmed so much...and he has to know that someone cares about him and.....”, explained John.
“I wasn't Mycroft Holmes. His brother. I was someone else. Let me show you, just as I showed John”, said Mycroft and his whole facial and bodily expression did alter right in front of Greg's eyes and suddenly it was another man sitting there in front of him. And Mycroft made the same 'performance' as he had done in front of John.
Mrs. Hudson had complained about her hip, but as she had done that for years now, neither she or others thought much of it. After all, Mrs. Hudson had celebrated her 90th birthday in flying colours. Danced with all her male guests, including Mycroft and Greg. But to put it short: Martha Hudson, nee Sissons and surrogate-mother for Sherlock, and Rosie's and Hamish' “Nan”, never got to celebrate her 91
John pointed at his half-eaten tuna-sandwich, “Well. So much for not talking. I didn't finish my sandwich..”
There wouldn't be time for an enema and John had planned exactly what he would do and he remembered the first time he had introduced the 'tools' to Sherlock:
Mycroft closed the restraints around Sherlock's wrists and ankles. And the one around Sherlock's middle too.
I suppose it was all those skills that made you win the fight against Ajaj. Amazing...and here I had thought for so many years that you were 'all brainy matter' and no 'body'....I suppose that even I would loose an unarmed combat fight with you?”
Mycroft paused a bit before he said, with a smirk, “You do like that I'm uncomfortable talking about this, don't you?”
“Not...oh....not...” managed Sherlock to say, before he came in thick spurts and since John's trusts were stimulating Sherlock's prostate, Sherlock continued to come. His inner walls contracted rhythmically around John's cock and that was enough for John to be hit by the wave of his second orgasm.
“It is not about me, but about you. I can find the 'captain Watson' in me if you want to submit. But we'll have to agree beforehand. Safe-words and so on. Talk about what you'll want me to do?”
And then they started kissing.
And the two men hurried towards Sherlock’s bedroom as John thought: “Thank God I changed the linen!”
Sherlock turned his head and looked at John and just said, “I promise! But no need for that. I trust you!”
“Yes....and later, as the full extent of Magnussen's megalomaniac ideas had been revealed, there was of course no problem in granting Sherlock the pardon. I just did not have enough time....”
To John's and Sherlock’s surprise the biggest change in their relationship was that it didn’t change that much. They still solved crimes. John kept his job at the clinic, but only part time. Well, of course, there was the mind-blowing sex too. And, of course, Sherlock’s tantrums, moods, sulking and fits of boredom were now re-directed and almost reduced to nothing by their bedroom activities. And sometimes in the living-room. And on a few occasions, in the kitchen. But they still solved cases together. Sherlock could be an obnoxious brat and John would silently fume a bit and try to control the worst parts of Sherlock’s behaviour, sometimes just by clearing his throat. But besides from that, their dynamic really wasn’t changed that much.
John took a deep breath and reached out for Sherlock and Sherlock placed himself in his favourite position with his head on John's chest.
Greg, who had only listened with half an ear to Mycroft, as he was busy reading the news in his own newspaper, looked up with alarm and a few seconds later, with a smirk, “Oh my God, Mycroft. Are you pregnant?”
Mycroft had even secured communication-lines. The internet wasn't totally stable, but still functioning and people had gone used to that. Again, it had happened so slowly that no one thought much about it. A lot of things just returned to the way it had been before year 2000. Banks did again open offices in small cities, yes even in villages, and old-fashioned money were still in use. And paying with the mobile phone continued working....and only old people could tell about a time where money almost wasn't there and everything could be paid with a plastic card. Cell phones still worked and no one thought about that it was no longer private enterprises that ran those services, but the Military. No one cared as long as it worked.
“Yeah...and I do not know about Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson, but.....”
moustache?”
_____________________
John smiled back: “Of course it is...but thank you for asking anyway!”
But right now in this moment it was different....not just because Sherlock was a male...but because he was so much a male...so strong and most of the time so confident....and now John Watson had made him a quivering mess. So John focused on this one spot in the universe...his tongue moving in and out of Sherlock’s anus......and Sherlock was trembling under his hands, which...if John had to be totally honest with himself....had a bit too firm grip on Sherlock’s wounded buttocks....not that it seemed to bother Sherlock. He too was only teetered to this reality by those single points of connection between him and John. The faint throbbing pain in his buttocks and the feeling at his anus....and it was exquisite.....and overwhelming.....and the most intense feeling Sherlock had ever had. Better than being high on illegal substances...or pain alone.
John nodded, “Did she get any help. I mean...financially? Oh God...and here I thought that I should protect you from getting to know that she was dead. You must have found that very amusing.”
He lifted his hand to stop Sherlock from saying anything, “....and after you have finished growing up, your body has turned into a work of art.”
Mycroft actually flinched a bit.
Oh God, John hoped so much that Baker Street soon would be habitable again. Not that this flat wasn't nice...and bright...and everything. And it had been John's before he met 'Mary' and he had thought it just to be a place to survive even then. Needing so badly to be away from Baker Street 221B, if he shouldn't go totally mad, because John kept seeing and hearing Sherlock.
John looked up, “I never even bothered to ask you why you jumped. I just beat you up and refused to see you afterwards....and never even asked. So...much too late, I finally ask: why did you jump?”
But soon John realised that just taking care of Sherlock wouldn’t be enough....his erection, which had faded a bit was now on full mast again.....and so was Sherlock’s. John felt a bit like having a devil inside as he gave in to his own urges and ordered Sherlock out of the stall and on to the floor as soon as they both were clean and Sherlock’s hair had been carefully washed and they had dried themselves.
Mycroft lifted his hand, “I'm even hiding it in plain sight...and no one asks about it. I was married.”
John now actually laughed: “They should have hired Sherlock Holmes!”
And Sherlock could only answer “Yeah” to everyone...John was nearly just as god as Sherlock at identifying wounds and scars.
Sherlock looked awful. Pale, sweating and with dry lips. But no wonder as John checked Sherlock's values. They were just as out-balanced as yesterday and the days before that.
Mycroft lifted his chin to indicate that Greg could remove it and said, “Thank you for your gift. I suppose Leuris helped you?”
“Then I'll bid you a 'good-night' even if it still day outside and give my love to Sherlock, when he wakes up. Tell him that a lot of people are put on the look-out for that serial-killer and he would literally have to rip off his face for the face-recognizing soft-ware not to recognize him. We'll find him!”
And Sherlock and John enjoyed the rest of the dinner and both tried to tamp down their hunger for each other.
And John understood...even the things Sherlock didn't say, “Jesus...Sherlock. It is a God damned miracle that you returned to London.”
And John could almost hear the 'click' as he and Sherlock and Rosie settled down in their new home at Baker Street. This place that had always been more 'home' to John than any other place in the world...and it had taken him so long to find out that it was not the flat itself, but a certain tall curly-haired very handsome detective, that had made that place into a home, despite human parts in the fridge and a certain laziness regarding buying milk and jam.
And John continued kissing and licking Sherlock’s anus-opening....making Sherlock a total mess. John was actually fucking Sherlock with his tongue.....and it was the most amazing thing John had ever done to anyone. He had to admit that he liked the power he had in bed.....even when he had been fucking women...and even Mary, before he found out who and what she was. In bed he had the upper hand and he had been able to make her beg for the pleasure, he could give....and he had enjoyed it immensely...just as he did now with Sherlock.
John was standing there in the middle of the hospital gang-way and began to cry silently: “I still loved that little miracle; even if she wasn’t mine and even if Mary...or whatever her name was....lied about that too....And I abandoned Sherlock for her. I wonder if she ever spoke the truth.........I’ll have to pay for the biggest mistake in my life now. Sherlock is....rightfully....mad as hell at me by now. But I love him.......And I’ve realized it far, far too late.....”
“But not my music-sheets with my own compositions...”
John smiled at him, “My brilliant genius. Adrenaline....yes it works. But I think that we have used our ration of miracles for the rest of our lives by now. Rest Sherlock, sleep. But please do not disappear into your head again. Promise?”
“I wasn't sure that you referred only to my face then, Sherlock.”
John interrupted, suddenly seeing everything, “Culverton Smith!”
“And since it was a question of discretely easing a secret agent inside the organisation to ensure the biggest likelihood of getting Sherlock out in one piece and alive, there was only this option. 'Barging in' would have put a high risk on people killing Sherlock, if they thought that they had been discovered. I risked my life, but I did in no way risking to give away secrets. You know John, the 'secret tooth'.....”
______________________
Sherlock looked at the two letters on the table. One for Sherrinford, who was in the village already. Sherlock had called him two days prior and told him that now was the time.
And then she kissed her finger and touched his cheek. It was to dangerous to kiss him directly, even if she wanted it so badly.
Finally Mycroft fully understood how it had been for a young Sherlock to cope with his bigger brother being better at everything, not just because of the seven year age gap. Mycroft had been better at the things more appreciated in the Holmes’ house; better at behaving himself, entertaining himself, at learning languages, interacting with others. No matter how hard Sherlock tried, Mycroft had always been better. Despite that, it had been Mycroft who had taught Sherlock everything that Sherlock had found important and then Mycroft had made that irreparable mistake of leaving home at the age of fourteen and a half to attend boarding school. Away for the first time after having been home-tutored until then. Public schools had been tried, both for Mycroft and Sherlock, but it had turned out to be a terrible mistake.
And now Sherlock smirked, “Did you know, by the way, that we had a laboratory set up in our house by Mummy in order to encourage our curiosity regarding science?”
“Oh God,,,no. She is fine. It is not her I've....It is you, Sherlock that I have been extremely abusive towards...and I just want to say I'm so, so sorry. Not that it helps, but.....”
After they had kissed a lot and eaten half of the cakes, Sherlock was asked to lie down on his stomach and to put a pillow under his hips.
“Oh. Which one?”
Then John straightened his back, but didn't let go of Sherlock's hands, “Was that OK?”, John wanted to know.
It is now, it is getting bad. Really bad. But I promise: there will be a good solution in the next chapter. Promise! And the next chapter will come up tomorrow. Promise! It is written :-)
Mycroft protested, “You have several roles yourself, John. That duality is in you as well. 'Doctor' and 'soldier'. 'Healer' and 'killer'. So why are you so puzzled by finding such a duality in others, too? Deep down I think that is what attracted you to Sherlock...and later 'Mary' despite her drugging of you. Duality. Yin and yang. The biggest difference is that you wear the cuddly and nice and big-hearted doctor on the outside and the dark, cruel killer hidden inside. Sherlock did the opposite: cruel and aloof on the outside and his big heart hidden deep inside him.”
Sherlock frowned at John who just shook his head and mimed 'later'.
Sherlock smiled genuinely now....but could John still read a remnant of fear in Sherlock’s eyes? And Sherlock said in his deep voice: “I’m glad to hear that....I’m just a bit puzzled, John. Why did you kiss me?”
Lady Smallwood paused a bit before she continued, “We all underestimated 'Mary Morstan' and first genuinely believed her false identity and then her good intentions. We didn't see that she drugged both John and Sherlock right under our noses...and us not seeing that, made her kill Sherlock. I've seen his medical journal and I cannot understand how your brother survived. Our jointed underestimation of Magnussen did cost my weak husband his life. He could just have waited and the 'storm would have passed'. In a year or two nobody would have remembered how my dear Edmund had been fooled. But he couldn't live with that humiliation, because he was a weak person, who really needed my firm guidance, indeed. And then Sherlock paid for
Right on the promised time a black car....not one of Mycroft’s!......turned up in front of Mycroft’s town house and a very discreetly dressed man got out of the car.
Suddenly John understood, “Sherlock. That Sebastian...did he ever disobey a safe-word?”
Sherlock had shook his head, “No. She wanted to play a new piece I had written. And then we walked in the park, and talked about a lot of things...as we always do.”
“Oh my God, You have spoken with Andrea!”
And yet....despite Sherlock’s words....his disguise as “Shezza”....”the addict” had been convincing. But only because it maybe wasn’t a total disguise. “Shezza” had been “using” as Molly’s tests had shown. John still felt very guilty about this......that Sherlock had been so miserable that he had been tempted. Well... he had claimed for a long time that “it was for a case” and the fact that Jeannie had been at Baker Street and apparently had not missed Sherlock for long maybe supported that.....but the tests had shown otherwise! And at least Sherlock had been right about something...That his “inbreed quality”-looks would still shine through......Even sweaty and crumbled and disguised in saggy clothes....he had still been good looking! “Handsome” even!
“Yeah...how could I forget that? You won the
And now Mycroft was here with the whisky and they sat down in the chairs....John in his own well known and well used chair and Mycroft in Sherlock’s Corbusier. As they had enjoyed the first two glasses in relatively silence just talking about whiskey and whisky and the subtler differences, Mycroft slid down on his knees and reached for John’s left foot.
“Oh..”, said Sherlock and then he smiled, “I knew you were such a pervert.”
Mycroft turned his head and looked out in the room, resting his head on his hands, “No..I see. I honestly didn't think you would let me off the hook that easily...and I had feared so much more.”
“No..No. It's fine. Go on.”
He had stretched himself enough for the next version to go inside. This version had ridges and was much longer, curved and was made of softer material.....and had a remote. He carefully nudged it even further down and gasped as it reached his prostate. He just left it there...buzzing a bit.
Mycroft just indicated with his hand that Sherlock should give him more time and then he looked up again, “I was asked to look after you and Eurus, too, but I valued my exam higher. And Sherrinford said that he didn't mind looking after you. And then he......”
Of course that never happened and those two idiots would finally marry and retire to Sussex. But that is another story.
“The very same....So. We took turns driving. First we changed back to more Western clothing. Irene had to borrow some of my clothing as there were not much in her emergency bag and we tore the male dress and the female dress to pieces and got rid of them through the windows. Thank God it was a special car and with extra fuel-tanks, so we wouldn't have to get fuel on our 20 hours drive. Irene had got extra water and some food...and most important a first-aid kit. My feet did swell and she felt rather guilty about them, so she took the first hours driving. The only part of the foreign clothing, that we kept, were the veils. It would be a warm day, driving all the time and we would be less noticeable wearing those. We did drive each a few hours, then we would wake up the other and try to get some sleep in the back-seat. And we managed to drive almost unnoticed for almost 20 hours, while people were fighting in small groups all over Pakistan. That was the scenario that Mycroft and others had hoped to prevent...and their interfering did help. It shrunk the riot-time down to about 56 hours, because of strategically placed agents, but they had of course hoped that it could have been prevented totally. And then, just before we reached the outskirts of Islamabad, we spotted a road-block. Thank God before they spotted us, and we made plans....”
Mycroft gave John a hug and even if it was a bit awkward his scent was a bit like Sherlock’s....their ridiculous expensive aftershave.....and it felt like....home.
“No! It's just...your voice is so pleasant to listen to and it makes me so relaxed...”, explained John.
Mycroft looked at John...oh yes...he had certainly underestimated that man.
John looked at Sherlock, “If you have forgiven her. The I can do the same...for real this time.”
Sherlock's cock was not quite as thick as John's own and not quite as long, but it was fitting perfectly to Sherlock's body type. It was John's impressive length and girth that was the exception and didn't fit neither his hight or any other part of his body, that usually was associated with how well-endowed a man would be. Sherlock's cock had a nice shape as well, a well formed head and a colour that made John's mouth water. Sherlock was the most handsome man John had ever seen...and that included Sherlock's cock too.
We are still back in time: between the events on the false Sherrinford island and the time where John finally confessed his feelings for Sherlock and moved back into Baker Street 221B. And at this point in time, where Sherlock is still living in Mycroft's house, Sherlock still believes, that John will never return. He is very prepared to give John a chance, if he would return though, but Sherlock is not going to make the first move.
Mycroft cleared his throat: “I suggest that we sit down on that bench for a second..” and as John had sat down besides Mycroft, Mycroft continued: “It is your wife and your child.....Mary had Mina in a pram as they got hit by a van that drove on the pavement.....”
“No....just that you to possess enormous power over my brother. You do realise that? That you could be the best thing...and the worst thing, happening to him?”
Sherlock looked up, “It is OK with no more cases? You will not miss running around, chasing criminals? You don't think.......”
Mycroft looked at Sherlock, “Because I'm your brother in the eyes of the law, but not biologically seen. You are adopted....and biological I'm your cousin. That is the reason why you have no memory of Eurus...or Sherrinford. You never lived in the same house after your 3
And then he ordered Sherlock to kneel on hands and knees on the bed, and John covered the gloves with a copious amount of lube and stuck first one finger and right after that two fingers up Sherlock's arse. First to get the buzzing butt-plug out and then to stretch Sherlock's hole. Not to gently, but very efficiently and fast. That Sherlock's didn't mind that a bit rough treatment, could be heard at his moaning and could be seen on his cock, that was actually beginning to leak a bit. More so because John did aim for Sherlock's prostate and was using the fingers on his right hand to follow the welts on Sherlock's sore buttocks. The sensations from the prostate stimulation and the pain brought Sherlock closer to an orgasm. But his mind was not quiet yet. As soon as the bodily sensations faded, Sherlock's mind had begun to 'whirl' again.
John could just sit there with his mouth open. “I...I...”
He knelt down behind Sherlock: “Down on your elbows, Private Holmes. Arse up in the air.....I’m going to fuck you...is that understood?”
As John came down the stairs a bit later, he saw immediately that Sherlock was dead and then he continued down the stairs. He just knelt beside Sherlock's dead body. And just as he had whimpered at Mary's dead body, he made an almost animalistic sound of grief as he took Sherlock's dead and stiff body in his arms. And just sat there, rocking back and forth....
Mycroft had nodded and had said, “And right now I feel as if I'm watching people rolling that powder-keg into place and as if they are beginning to fill it with black powder: North Korea. The tension in China. As always the Middle-East. People loosing their civil rights all over the world...even here in Europe. Politically turning even more towards the ultra-right. Brexit didn't do Great Britain anything good and since than the EU had been weakened. And voices talking about separating Scotland from England...they are still there. But it is still a feeling of uneasiness. I do not have solid proof...”
And then both John and Sherlock yawned...and agreed on that it was enough for tonight. There would still be a lot of time to tell more. Tomorrow.
John interrupted Sherlock, “You are describing yourself?”
It is a very old saying from the Victorian times, where army-doctors were not regarded as 'real doctors'. Seen with modern eyes an army doctor would be a better surgeon than a normal doctor, but both of them would be a catastrophe in a modern hospital now a days. At least they had left the idea about healing people with blood-letting and enemas. But seen with modern eyes the doctors had very few means to heal people and had to rely on people's own abilities to heal. We have travelled a long way since then.”
“I think this was just the first part of my fantasy. Are you amenable for the next?”, asked Sherlock's and now it was Mycroft's turn to moan a bit as he answered, “So very much..”
“I don't know. If he didn't represent a danger to me anymore? When he ruined Eurus and me.....and our families. He did ruin himself too, didn't he? I would like him to know the terrible consequences his actions had. But killing him? Would it give us an intact Eurus? An undamaged me? I hate him with all my heart, but I don't want to use my life finding him, so I could have my revenge.....And by the way. I'm happy that 'Moriarty' was just one hell of an actor, because now I can finally get him out of my head. He did scare the living shit out of me!”
John nodded, “And it scared me......and then she shot me. It was as if I was not able to react, just passively watching everything that happened.....”
“You are bleeding. That was one of the conditions, we agreed on. No blood, no wounds...”
__________________
In the rest of the world the situation was different:
First he slipped one finger inside. Crocked it a bit so he could reach Sherlock's prostate through the thin wall and Sherlock bucked and panted and gasped; “More...for God's sake. More, John!”
Sherlock continued, “And she came to the hospital and ordered me not to tell you. She had given me a chance by not shooting me in my head. But she still wanted me dead....just doing that so slowly that she would have time to make you hate me....”
And John smiled even more, “Dead..yes. But still present. Come!”
As he got back in the car where Mycroft was waiting, Mycroft had asked if John wanted Mycroft to arrange for the flat to be emptied, Mary’s belongings given away or destroyed and Mina’s belongings......given to children in need? Maybe to some charity organisation? John had agreed and had asked Mycroft if it was all right that the education-fund for Mina would be used likewise?
John moved his arm, grappled Sherlock’s hand  and dragged him into the shower-stall with him: “I wasn’t angry.....I would never be angry with you because of such a trifle.....Oh God, Sherlock......that nightmare of yours must still be with you.....or maybe it is the memory of that arse Victor....Let me take care of you....hmm? Is it all right?”
Mycroft’s eyes snapped up. His eyes, almost as piercing as Sherlock’s, looked straight into John’s, and Mycroft continued a bit more hesitating, “I’m seven years his senior and until lately I had control over his finances… And when it comes to you two… I have so much more power… and… and… I’m married and you are going to be!” His head was in his hands again.
“And that is?” , wanted Mycroft to know.
Sherlock nodded, “I see. So the some of the conspiracy theories were not totally wrong. I just thought that the name was 'Illuminati' or 'Freemasons' or some of the other secret organisations.”
And there in the “twilight zone” between being awake and asleep, where people strangely enough sometimes are very brilliant, John suddenly saw everything Sherlock had ever done and said in another light.....and the interpretation of it all gave another result than “friendship” and that together with Mycroft’s remarks made John realize right there and then that Sherlock had not done all of this because he was John’s friend, but because he loved John. Genuinely loved John!
“You are dressed like that too.”, he smiled and Sherlock looked down. He was wearing his clothes from then too. The black bespoke suit, the white shirt, the blue scarf...and his Belstaff.
That made Sherlock jolt away, and John looked at him, “Did..did I say something wrong, Love?”
And then he got up on his feet and towered over her with his almost 6 feet and 2 inches, “But that depends... if you want me to be obedient or.....”
“Hmm....Quite a detective back then too. Does he know that you would tell me about Victor?”
Sherlock frowned, because suddenly some faint memories finally made sense, “He raped me too, Mycroft!”
John continued to stroke the gland ever so lightly and then with more and more pressure. Sherlock moaned and John felt the pride and the power running through his own body: that he was able, with that little point of contact inside Sherlock's body, to take Sherlock apart like that.
John smiled and sat up and touched Sherlock's face and gave him a kiss, “If it is that you and Mycroft turned your 'relation-ship' up a notch the days right after 'Sherrinford'.....then don't worry. Mycroft told me...and sort of expected me to flip out and hit him hard. He said, it was his fault, and he tried to explain your behaviour by saying that you were still highly suggestive and that he might have said something, that could make you want this....”
The war between the different Augments did drain a lot of resources and the human soldiers were understandably reluctant to fight a war that wasn't theirs and then they fought back. How they managed to communicate and organize their attacks was never discovered by the Augments, despite their intelligence. They were children of modern times and had never been taught about copper-cables in the ground or even fibre-optic cables. And they didn't know about Morse-signals....or if they knew, they would never have given it a thought that humans were still able to use them. So an invention made in 1837 did aid to the defeating of the Augments.
Sherlock looked at John who gave him a tiny nod. Yes it would be all right. If this finally could repair the broken relationship between the two brothers, John wouldn’t mind. In fact he would encourage it…
John felt it as if someone had a firm grip of his heart: “It is about Sherlock then......something happened?!”
And so they did. They kept the flat in Baker Street. It was Sherlock's house after all as he had inherited it after Mrs. Hudson and it would sometimes be nice to have a place of their own to sleep in, when they visited London.
Then John had told that he ought to find another therapist. “I understand if there is a conflict. I might ask you if Sherlock was allright. And I suppose you cannot answer that.”
“They are going to kill you one day”, had Mycroft said as the went outside on the patio.
“I...I do not know how to say this, John, but would you please listen to me and then listen again, before you do something hastily?”
And he knelt down beside Sherlock's dead body and caressed his pale face, “I'm so sorry, Love, for not finding you in time. This time it was me letting you down. I'm so sorry......”
Sherlock laughed with that deep rumble of his and turned towards John, “I’m sorry Doctor, but I think that your definition of “vanilla” is a bit broader than normal. If you would recall our actions - We are both male… You gave me a humiliation enema and I was rimmed while in restraints. I was totally starkers and you had your clothes on!” and now Sherlock was smirking, “But if it’s your version of vanilla, I’m not going to complain. It was really intense and… I… I would like to return the favour.”
John helped Sherlock to the bathroom and into the bathtub. Sherlock was still wearing his pyjama-bottom and his threadbare T-shirt......but that was the whole idea by “soaking”.
“Falsified....and it was easier to let those two people, who now were so deeply buried in that whole affair, that they couldn't get out, ...to have them raise another child. Me. With Mycroft they had almost reached their goal. A 'human computer' and a person that wouldn't be compromised by too many inconvenient feelings. But they hadn't reached their final goal. Their 'Ender'. Mycroft would do as a politician, placed later in a fortunate position. Given time, he would be a valuable asset. And Sherrinford had lied to me. Both he and Mycroft had been tested and had used that 'helmet' too, just like me. Culverton could control them as well. He had a lot of time to condition their brains. You must remember, that even if he was young at that time, he was 20 when Sherrinford was born, and 23 when Mycroft was born. Old enough to be able to control them. I'm afraid that the girl would have been the final child. But as she died, they would have another try...with me.”
John laughed hard, with tears in his eyes: “Oh my God, Mycroft. You sound exactly like Sherlock....Tell me about your mother’s “regime”, please, so I can avoid scaring the hell out of you!”
Sherlock had looked at John and had asked, “Are you suggesting what I think you are suggesting?”
________________________________
Now John finally said something, “And now all the same authorities and scientists agree that it is the worst thing they can do..”
And Sherlock continued, now in Mary's diary: “
“Shot her. She had been in the hospital, just like Magnussen. In your room. While you were almost unconscious. Both of them threatened you. Had come into your room despite the guards. It was three days after you had been shot. Don't you remember?”
“Shit! I'm so sorry to hear that...John...Mary” , was Sherlock's remark.
And then John got an idea, “Well. I suppose that you'll have to do with second-hand experiences, since you have no partner. And your brother is quite a sight, isn't he!”
One of the first things, Sherlock had asked was the whereabouts of Mary ......”And Rosie?”
“But....it says in the other journal that she carried 'Embryo D'...you?”, said John.
Eurus is just putting down a bunch of papers on the table beside her and asks, “Well, what do you think?”
As Sherlock noticed that Mycroft was close, he just bent down and whispered in Mycroft's ear.
Sherlock sighed, “I...I never meant to tell you. How it was....being abroad. Travelling the world to bring down what I thought to be Moriarty's criminal organisation....”
Mycroft smiled a bit, “Well it is hard to avoid seeing and hearing that you proposed and that he accepted, when you did it all in front of your flat...outside and just in front of those cameras. And they are still there because they could still be necessary. Your safety...all 3 of you...is still a concern of mine.”
They hurried to undress and then Sherlock almost flipped John upside down on the mattress and began to use his ...oh God... much to sinful mouth all over John's body. Small kisses, starting from John's knees. Sherlock carefully avoided John's groin and continued until he ended on John's neck. Exactly on the point just under John's jaw, that John, to his own surprise, had found out to be an erogenous zone. At least when Sherlock kissed and licked there.
Sherlock dutifully swallowed the two pills and then he laid down again. John pushed Sherlock a bit around so he could reach and after John had dried off the semen on Sherlock's stomach and chest, John began to apply the Arnica-cream on Sherlock's nipples, back, thighs and buttocks.
John lifted his hand and caressed Sherlock's cheek, “Listen, Love. I would not do anything to you, that would make you uncomfortable regarding feelings, that is. But something you have said and mentioned and...oh yes, because I can do that too, observe....I did observe something about you that make me question if you are asexual at all. You have had erections......”
', A word seldom used in English...and together with her careful preparation of you, it made you see red again and attack me. She kept on poisoning your mind and had it not been for Magnussen's ill-timed attack on you and his putting you into the bonfire, we might not ever have talked again...”
And John could already feel the stir in his groin area as he nudged the rather big butt-plug into Sherlock’s well-fucked arse....an apparently Sherlock liked it very much too...as he moaned.
I'm rambling. And I haven't even come a tiny bit near my confession. Well. That will have to wait...
Then John fetched all the duvets and every blanket he could get his hands on and made a soft place in the middle of their living room and Sherlock couldn't help asking, “Are we going on a picnic, John?”
“Bondage and S/M sex!”
Mary made a decision. She would not tell John about Sherlock’s confession in his letter, since Sherlock had written it suspecting that he would be dead in less than half a year, but she would have to tell John a bit more from her past. And how would Sherlock react when he suddenly found himself in London again....and very much alive? But not now.....she couldn’t risk John leaving her. Not with Sherlock in London. She would tell John after the baby was born... maybe.
______________________________
Sherlock looked as she left, “Such a skilled doctor. She saved my life....this time. All the other times it were you, John, who did that.”
And despite Sherlock’s feeling of being floating - thank heaven for endorphins.....there was still some will left in him: “And you better be damned sure that you hide my dead body so Mycroft can’t find it or you’ll be a dead man, too!”, Sherlock continued.
Mary met him in the hall.
“Oh...”, said Sherlock, “I didn't know that....” He paused for a moment to think about this new information. And then Sherlock continued, “Not that it did alter much in Mary's shenanigans. She was still drugging you. That you had resilience to do something of your own, just show how much you still cared for me, despite her plans to make you feel otherwise. She still wanted to make sure that I was sad and broken. Still wanted to, to use the actor 'Moriarty's words “burn the heart out of me”....and she managed to do that. I started to use drugs again and almost killed myself. I didn't really want to live any more and just decided to make my life count one last time, by bringing down that creep Culverton.”
Sherlock paused, “I hope she is safe now. We haven't heard so much from that part of the world for a long time. But things shouldn't be so bad in that part of the world as far as I have knowledge...and now we can't get so much information through any-more..”
After eating in front of the telly, they cuddled on the couch; John sitting upright and Sherlock curled up beside him, with his head in John’s lap, looking like an overgrown cat.
I'll just have to adjust to not being able to correct my mistakes.
The only thing John could do was shaking his head. The thought that his nearly-brother-in-law could actually figure out what they were doing...well he was English enough to find it very embarrassing!
John had kept the nitril-gloves on, as he bend down to whisper in Sherlock's ear, “Don't worry, Love. I'm going to stretch you and fuck you into the mattress and I'll be wearing a condom. But you haven't been eating for days, so I'll doubt that there would be anything messy inside that lovely arse of yours.”
or in English "testicles at age twelve”, but looking at you once more I now do believe that you are one of natures rare phenomenons: a true two-gender, a hermaphrodite. And I'm sorry....but you asked me to continue. It is really not my business.”, said Mycroft.
The two men sat in silence just holding hands and John thought about how surprisingly all right it had felt having Mycroft as a spectator to his and Sherlock’s bodily actions:
“We can go downstairs. Mrs. Hudson's kitchen is not as demolished as mine...”, said Sherlock.
And then Sherlock looked at John and asked, “Or...would you like to be the one in charge?”
He moved the 'sleeve' up and down a bit en enjoyed the feeling. It was so much better than a hand.
And he turned around again to fetch his jacket.
“Not me so much. Not when I had time to think. Not when her behaviour was a bit off at our honeymoon. The 'belly' can be faked. And the change in taste and the nausea. But not the hormones: the swelling, the blotches. And there were none of that. How she would have imagined that I, a god-damned doctor, wouldn't notice? You have taught me your methods...and she wasn't skilled enough to pretend it all, so I
“Please, brother. I can't sleep. The thoughts are whirling in my mind. Ants are crawling under my skin. Please Myke. I need to submit.....I need the pain.”
“You had a period where you apparently got better. Just after you had been hospitalized. You were coherent and seemed sensible enough. At that time, we didn't know that you had poisoned yourself, or had been poisoned. And Mycroft contacted the hospital and insisted on that you had some very valuable information for him...”
Now Mycroft blushed a bit and said, “Here comes the part that you might get mad at me for. No..I haven't adopted them, but I'd like to and they are already here in England....”
___________________________
“Well in that case...someone has been waiting for you, Sherlock.”
John had to stop and gulp some air...and had to work hard not to cry.....and even then tears ran down his cheeks, as he continued, “Oh God Sherlock. If I had killed you in my rage.....if I had come to late....I...I tried to stay away because I was so ashamed. And didn't feel worthy of you friendship. I felt so...wrong....and dirty and...unworthy......and if you had died and it had been my fault, I had decided that I didn't want to live any-more!”
In the cab on the way to inner town and the club, John was holding Sherlock’s hand...Sherlock’s long elegant fingers were wrapped around his own sturdier ones and John was thinking....About how arousing he found the fact that Sherlock was almost hairless in his crotch.....how erotic he found Sherlock’s hairless testicles and about a remark that Sherlock had made some time ago and John began to giggle. Sherlock turned his head towards John and smiled and said: “What are you giggling about?”
Mycroft was secretly removed from that governmental hospital he had been confined to, by Marianne, Mrs. Hudson, Sally, Lestrade, Anderson and John. An operation worthy of an Oscar. Mrs. Hudson distracted the guards with elaborated tales about her grandson and granddaughter, her knitting and her home-made cookies. And she almost forced them to eat some of them out of sheer politeness and the guards were sound asleep after only two of those 'delicious cookies after my grandmothers recipe'. Then the others got Mycroft out and he was brought to the same secret flat, where Sherlock was still being treated. The poisoning had done some damage and his long time of starvation needed qualified treatment too.
John looked again. He had an idea now, where Sherlock was heading, “Please continue, Sherlock.”
And like that Mycroft and Sherrinford and Eurus filled the gaps in Sherlock's remembrance of his early childhood until they reached the point where Sherlock said, “I think I do remember the rest now. But why on Earth did no one say to me that I was adopted or that I had siblings?!?”
Sherlock looked at him and continued: “Second big mistake was to treat you as I did in Baskerville, drugging you and yelling at you. For that I offer my humblest apology......”
Sherlock smiled at him, “It’s allright John, I could have safe-worded out… And I was close to doing that. But I said to myself: he is coming in here soon. And I’m not going to disappoint John… So I endured!”
“And Redbeard?”, wanted Sherlock to know.
“You had been drugged...and abducted.”, explained Mary, “And as soon as you were back in Baker Street, you fled and came to our new house. Your illness had nothing to do with Rosie's. She had cancer.....was born with it. And you were ill, because those 'treatments' that you got, to extract informations from your brain, they were driving you crazy. The scientists, among them Culverton, had to face that their experiment had gone wrong.”
She smiled: “No it is not that bad....or at least not from your side. It is something I have to tell you. Even if I’ve found it difficult to tell you before...”
John just looked at Mycroft....no he wouldn’t be so sarcastic if anything had happened to Sherlock, would he? Despite Mycroft’s attempts to convince otherwise John knew that Mycroft really and deeply cared about Sherlock’s well-being and that was why Mycroft had found it more than a bit difficult to accept that John had chosen Mary, especially after she had shot Sherlock.
Except that one of the walls of their living room had disappeared and was now a wall of golden light and in the middle of that was a very young John, in fatigues and a T-shirt...shining almost as golden as the light around him. He reached for Sherlock and smiled.
The collar was almost black, with just a hint of chestnut, exactly the same colour as Sherlock’s hair. Sometimes Sherlock would fight back and would reach to unbuckle it with a sneer. John would look at Sherlock calmly and ask if Sherlock wanted to safe-word out, and only once had Sherlock used his safe-word and taken his collar off. He’d thrown it away and shouted insults at John and thrown himself on the couch. He had re-created a rather impressive version of the ‘old sulking Sherlock’, throwing himself around on the couch like he had ants in his pants. The sulk lasted for thirty long minutes. And then he had begun to throw insults at John, provoking him into an argument, and they’d started shouting at each other. Then Sherlock had disappeared into the bedroom and slammed the door behind him, and John decided that he needed a walk to the shops, so he could calm down.
Kahn had first given up China to prevent a devastating war, but it wasn't enough and soon Augments and humans were fighting all over the world. Augments against Augments in the first place and then they discovered how stupid it had been to believe that their iron-grip around the soldiers' families at home would be enough to make those soldiers obey and they soon found themselves at the wrong end of the weapons of the human soldiers. If the Augments had worked together instead of against each other, humans would never have had a chance. But now they had and they used it and Khan saw how his empire crumbled and realised, that he had to flee and Khan fled in his sleeper-ship 'Botany Bay' in 2076. Launched from the last crumbling remnants of his Empire....and the last of his loyal followers, humans alongside Augments, did fight and die to give their fellow humans and Augments in the sleeper-ship a chance to escape.
Sherlock wanted to know, “Any specific reason?”
And...oh God...the sex. Sherlock was the most amazing sex-partner, that John had ever had. Caring and adventurous. Sweet and sometimes demanding. And always very responsive to John's touches. Sherlock could on the other hand 'play' John's body just as virtuously as he could play his violin, so skilfully done that John saw stars and had the most amazing orgasms, he had ever had in his whole life. John had laughed a bit when people had talked about 'blessing out' because of an orgasm. Or 'seeing fireworks'. Because having orgasms had been nice and somewhat fulfilling, but nothing close to what people would describe as 'fireworks' and 'blessing out'.
John sighed.....the cognac making it easier to tell about his feelings: “If Sherlock had told me that he was in love with me and had tried to kiss me. I would probably have found out about my own feelings for him earlier.
Mycroft smiled and John said, “Oh..yes. And people think it is just in James Bond movies that people have a false poisonous tooth. OK, that explains the 'not-risking-giving-away-secrets'...and I suppose that you had a pill for Sherlock too, if you had gotten caught. To give him an easy way out. But how could you watch it?”
“He did. He didn't feel well. Hadn't for a while and was afraid that Sherlock, quote *
And Sherlock whimpered because he knew what John wanted to do and the thought sent shivers down Sherlock's spine. John took a firmer grip on Sherlock's arse cheeks, spread them out and stuck his tongue out to taste and lick at the furled hole between them. Sherlock was a bit relaxed already after the enema and it made it easier for John to put his tongue inside. John licked and sucked and Sherlock moaned and lost himself totally as John took Sherlock totally apart by those actions. John enjoyed the power of being able to take Sherlock so much apart by just doing something to such a small part of Sherlock.
“We were here at Baker Street and Mycroft had made sure that you and I were still drugged. Not much. Just enough to make us more suggestive, more prone to believe whatever he would tell us. Notice that he had chosen specific words and used his words carefully, making us believe that the people at Speedy's could be in danger...or Mrs. Hudson downstairs. He had a cylinder with that gas in his pocket and released it just before the drone came flying.”
John didn’t say anything as he was very busy pushing his tongue in and out of Sherlock’s anus, alternating with licking long broad strokes along the crack of Sherlock’s arse almost sucking at the opening. John lost track of time, and so did Sherlock. For Sherlock the bedroom ceased to exist, the flat… London… Earth! The only things in the universe were the three points of connection he had with John: his tongue and his firm hands on Sherlock’s buttocks. A small part of Sherlock’s brain tried to tell that there was no pain and that was a shame, but the rest of his brain told that other part to just shut up and enjoy!
Sherlock smiled back. That genuine smile that made him look so much younger, “More than OK. But why?”
The last sentences were said in a perfect mockery of Mycroft's posh voice.
And Sherlock had looked at him with his laser-sharp eyes and had seen nothing but honesty and admiration and that was one of the reasons, why Sherlock had a slight pink hue on his cheek-bones, as he danced with John.
As John finally did let go of Sherlock's mouth, he kept his hands around Sherlock's beloved face and said, “Sherlock...I genuinely believe that I saw that angel. And that we've got a.....I don't know...a 12
First he was sent to the toilet and she had ordered him to take an enema. He had done it before and he had never felt that it was unpleasant. And Elizabeth gave him privacy to do it on his own. Then he showered and felt ready for whatever she had planned. There was still a lot of the day left...or rather the evening, and Mycroft knew that he would sleep well afterwards.
“Fine...she is not getting younger...and I think she wants it settled before everything is too late.”
And then Greg let the cane fall on Mycroft's buttocks with a loud crack. Taking very much care not to break the skin, but with enough force to make welts. That was what Mycroft needed right now: the sharp pain and the knowledge that there would be pain tomorrow too.
Sherlock had closed his eyes at a point and smiled because he thought that someone could make a fortune if they could capture that scent and make 'Eau de John Watson'.
“How were they?”, wanted Greg to know.
“Understandable.”
“But I
Sherlock continued, “A challenge… I’m not taking the collar voluntarily. You’ll have to put it on me without me noticing!”
Sherlock had nodded, understanding, “Bulgarian nightmares?”
“Her boss.....Moriarty?”
John nodded, “Embryo type 'A', 'B', 'C' and 'D'. I get it. But what was that about a sister?”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes and began, “You are not from England, even if your language is close to perfect. But it is not your first language. You have a problem with your left leg, an injury maybe?Your skin-tone is not quite Caucasian, even if you are rather pale, but that exact skin-tone indicates that there have been dark-skinned ancestors. Your eyes are green, and they should have been brown, if they should fit to your colour of hair and the texture too. So...based on my guess of your....condition....my best guess is that you are from the Caribbean area, where a lot of human varieties are mixed through generations. Most likely from the Dominican Republic. That would fit with your only very faint accent.....”
Sherlock did let his dressing-gown fall to the ground and let the shirt follow. John could now see the whole of Sherlock's back. The scars were now all healed into white lines, but John could easily imagine how they had looked freshly made. John had after all seen something like that several times in Afghanistan , when soldiers had returned after having been in the hands of their enemies.
you, because you were going to take the only good thing, that had happened in my life for a very long time, away from me. And then you didn't do that, even if you could have done it. You stepped back....planned my wedding. Saved John's Major Sholto. And.......then I shot you!”
John had decided to find a therapist, a new one. He had asked Ella if there would be too much of a conflict if both him and Sherlock would be her clients, and she had hesitated for a few seconds and then said, 'Yes'...it could be a problem. And then John had asked, for the first time since all that with Eurus happened, if another therapist would take him in at all, because it apparently was very dangerous to be his therapist.
John frowned again, “Mary gave you the drugs?”
Oh yes. Greg had never bought the animosity between Sherlock and Mycroft for real. He had known both of them for too long.
“Because of Mary and her drugs. She was somehow still working for Magnussen or just on her own. Making preparations for her 'retirement'......marrying the 'nice doctor' and settling down. And still remembering to 'burn my heart out'...”
Mycroft reached his hand out towards Sherlock, “Come. I have a special room for such activities..”
“And Andrea?”
John had taken a deep breath and closed his eyes, and then he had continued, “......I just felt numb inside and ...and I would have followed you, if it hadn't been for Rosie. I would have returned to her in England, but as a hollow shell of a man. That is why I offered to trade my life for yours....”
Sherlock just nodded.
John’s shoulders sagged a bit: “I’ll listen....you can let go of my arms. At least I can listen. I owe you that much!”
“I still don’t get it!”
(Continued from chapter 28)
Mycroft was lying on his back and looked at Greg, “You will find a cane in the wardrobe.”, he said and Greg just shook his head. Mycroft's abilities to almost read his mind and to have things prepared never stopped to amaze him.
Sherlock frowned, “We have bought rings...so why..?”
The only continents, that didn't follow that pattern was Australia and the biggest part of Africa. The countries north of Sahara followed that pattern though. The countries there had been military dictatorships for a long time. But South of Sahara the countries were almost left on their own to deal with their own problems. As it turned out it was a blessing. But not for the first years. There were countries where more than half of the population were under 15. Not even rich countries in the rest of the world would have been able to give such a vast group of young people a promise of a bright future with educations and jobs. That made a desperate bunch of young people, who were ready to do anything for a bit brighter future. Para-military groups emerged. Both young men and women were recruited and they were ready to work for everybody, who could pay a decent, or even a not so decent salary. With no regard for former borders. In those military groups a friendship across gender and ethnic groups did grow. The foundation for future cooperation, that would be very much needed.
“And how is Rosie?”, wanted Sherlock to know.
Sherlock nodded, “John's gut-feeling has saved him a few times in Afghanistan...and here in England as well. Maybe we should make precautions as well?”
He reached out for Mycroft’s face and forced Mycroft to look at him, “I thought you found me repulsive. My paleness, my too prominent cheekbones, my a bit too feminine mouth. My odd eyes and my much too thin body. I was a lollipop then… All head and a beanpole body!”
“Because he had not engaged himself in a relationship of any kind afterwards.......and he would go for almost several months without...hmm....sexual release....”
“She is.....of course she is. Just look at her. I’ll never lie to you about such a thing. I love you, John! But I’ll understand if you find it difficult to live together with me........But believe me. If I had wanted Sherlock dead, he would have died!”
And then something strange happened. It was as if the wall in the other end of the room turned transparent and an...appearance stepped out of it. The world froze....Mycroft and Greg had stopped in the middle of a movement and the paramedics were frozen in the middle of their movements too.
Again Sherlock frowned, “John, have you ever witnessed that I would do something, that I didn't want to do?”
“I couldn't have given you the title, the money or the position then.”
“Mycroft knows....believe me. He knows how much he owes her.”, said Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed and put himself together and wrote, not even sure that John would want to read anything from him:
Mycroft frowned but answered, “I fail to see the purpose of all those men running about on some grass, chasing a ball.....and I prefer wine.”
Mycroft shuddered and said: “She is not the MI6....her sister is!!!”
“In my bag.....do you really think that.....?”
“Your wife.......or maybe her right name “Andrea”....and I even flirted with her the first time we met”
Sherlock thought for a moment and then he said, “No...everything is settled and accounted for. No unfinished businesses.”
Now Mycroft really looked perplexed: “Anthea?!”
Sherlock paused and continued, “The 'Mycroft' I saw glimpse of at a few occasions: the one who sat beside me after I overdosed after Victor and Sebastian. The one who risked his own life to get me out of Serbia. The one who sat by my bed in hospital after I was shot, even if you couldn't touch my murderer. The one who shouted in fear after I shot Magnussen and the one who got so scared on the plane after it had landed again, because you realised, that you had almost been too late. The one who volunteered to die to save John....that 'Mycroft'. And then I do not understand the other version: he who always was so sarcastic and did hurt me with his words...and actions. And I'm not talking about the caning and flogging and cropping, because it was taking care of me too. But why this conflicted you?”
Leuris had taken over Lady Elisabeth's job and was doing a very good job. And Rohan was at the last year at university and Eshan at the second last year.....and both of them wanted to follow Mycroft's footsteps into politics, but just like him, mostly behind the scenes. And no....they hadn't been hired by a 'shady' aunt to be field-agents for MI5 and MI6, even if both Mycroft, John and Sherlock saw to that all the youngsters learned to defend themselves. So...sometimes the summer holidays did turn into some sort of boot-camps, where they learned martial arts and how to survive outside the cities. All of it taught by teachers brought in...or by John or Sherlock or other grown ups. In one of the villages nearby was a man, who could teach them all sorts of survival things......and all the young people and children loved it. Rosie and Hamish had out-door-activities at their boarding school, but all the others were so busy with school and education, that they normally had little time for such activities.
“A gut-feeling, then?” Sherlock wanted to know.
But he soon stopped as John in one swift moment turned Sherlock around so he was lying on his stomach, held down by John's smaller frame. And even if John had just had an orgasm minutes before, his cock still showed some interest in the next things that John did.
“Yeah....I think that no one would regard me as a security risk since I’ve already saved Prince William once”
Sherlock shook his head: “I do not need to come to visit you any more. I’m in a relationship now....let me introduce John....and he wants to do it right so he wants to talk to some of my regulars.”
“I only stroked myself a few times on the outside of my pants.....and came...”, admitted Mycroft.
And John began to giggle as he vividly could imagine a younger Mrs. Hudson smacking a man so fiercely with a frying pan, that he would die.
That Mycroft gave in and said, “Thank you”, just showed Greg how much Mycroft needed the submission, to let everything fall out of his own hands, to let Greg catch him.
“No...but is is that long ago that the first officers founded that organisation....and forgot the most important members. Those who survived the battlefields and was not just sitting behind their desks..”, had Mycroft said.
John frowned: “What are you talking about?”....and he didn’t even notice that he still had Sherlock’s hand in his....and apparently Sherlock didn’t notice either.
Lady Smallwood pushed Mycroft a bit around, until he was positioned the right way. He just followed her directions.
Sherlock paused and continued as John didn't say anything, “I suppose you don't have the sufficient data. Neither had I when I was first presented for the mystery.....if I had known everything...then....I.....I might have spared you and me for so much sorrow and agony. Or maybe it was already too late to do something about it from the moment we met...”
“Because I suddenly saw what my not trusting you totally and not bringing you in on my...and Mycroft's plans...had cost you. You had aged and looked...unhappy. And right there and then I decided to step back...and not scrutinize Mary too thoroughly. Because looking at her showed not more than I later learned that she would allow to show. A nurse. A woman with a few secrets. A strong woman. A woman that was the perfect fit for you...at the first glance. And then I accepted whatever you would have done to me, because I could read your grief and sorrow and loss...How much I had let you down.”
“Just you wait till I'll drag the bars through the wounds.”, said Sherlock. But Mycroft didn't think that was bad either and he looked at the pierced nipples in one of the mirrors, before they were bandaged.
Sherlock smiled back: “I do not always have those needs. Right now vanilla-flavour would suit me fine!” and with those words he began to undress John: “May I?” he had asked as he began.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and sighed: “Oh my god....now two of them teasing me!” but he said it with a smile. He had grown to have so much more respect for John that he had had ever before. John back in Baker Street was the best thing that could happen to Sherlock ever.
Mary had accepted that their marriage, that hadn't been real after all, had ended, even if they were sort of friends now. She had used her remarkable skills to help investigating Sherlock's past and accepted that John finally admitted, that what he felt for Sherlock couldn't be compared to what he felt for Mary...or rather Anne-Gretha, as her real name was. But John kept calling her Mary...and so did Sherlock. They had got used to the name...and didn't mind calling her that, especially after her almost killing Sherlock had been settled and almost forgiven. It had taken some time before she had admitted that she had shot Sherlock out of panic.
Through the following years Hamish, Rosie and the Holmes-Lestrade-branch of the family did try to hide how much the world had changed for those two old men living peacefully in their cottage in Sussex, away from all the turmoil and difficulties in the rest of the world. And they thought that they had managed.
5-alpha-reductase deficiency' or more common: to be a
Mycroft nodded. “Yes, they did. And I just followed Rudy's advise. What else could I do?....And Eurus seemed to have snapped and turned dangerous. Hurting Sherlock, putting the house on fire. What was I to believe?”
And John suddenly understood that Sherlock had experienced rejection far too many times before....and now he thought that John would reject him too!
And John began to talk again, “It is as if I have been conditioned to...see you in a certain way. And not in a positive light...”
They still had a lot of questions and then they hugged and kissed, making sure that the other person was there and finally both John and Sherlock were able to fall asleep.
The two men smiled at each other.
“What did I say?”
'?”, John wanted to know.
“Apparently not” said Mycroft and pointed at the folder: “Please continue reading, John.”
“He has a big nose......and he had filters in that big trunk of his.....”
John nodded and Sherlock moved so he could open the lid and he showed John the contents. There were several nipple-clamps. Some connected with a chain. Small floggers, a riding crop and several small leather straps.
Sherlock just sat there...blinking. That Mycroft could say something like that. Sherlock would never had thought that Mycroft envied him? Weird.....when it was the other way around!
They soon found a rhythm and as Sherlock demanded, “Harder...harder and faster. I am not made of glass!” John was more than happy to obey. When the orgasm did build in both men, John's deep trusts became shallower and shallower and Sherlock had put his feet down on the mattress to be able to move better. Sherlock grappled at John's hips and moved John...until the wave finally broke and both men came almost simultaneously with deep moans.
As John and Sherlock had had this conversation, they had moved towards the couch and was now sitting there, still holding hands, facing each other, sitting sideways with one leg bent each.
John interrupted, “And all your vitals, so unbalanced. They were a ruse too?”
“Actually..it is none of your business, “ said Lady Smallwood and handed him one and as soon he had lit his own, he smiled at her, “Decoy?”
“But who is he? Have I met him?” wanted John to know.
“And I know that you only forgave me because of Rosie. And you only chose me because you had lost Sherlock and that's my role, isn't it? Holding you together when he breaks you? Or the circumstances around him breaks you. He loves you with all his heart, no matter how much he unintentionally hurts you and he tries so hard to keep you with me. You still think he killed Magnussen for my benefit. But it wasn't. He did it for you, John. He saved me for you, because he wants us to be together. Not because it is what I want, but because
Rosie didn't know that some of the nice people, who came and saw her play with the others and talked to her and gave her games to play, were skilled people, who looked for signs of 'tilted' development. After all, her mother had proved to be a dangerous psychopath, who had drugged and killed to get her way and who had been cold and calculating to an extent where she had left her friends to die, attempted to kill a friend, who just wanted to help her and had drugged her husband and aforementioned friend up to their eyeballs and had left her newborn daughter to others in order to travel around the world. Not to protect her 'dear ones' as she had claimed, but to re-activate her criminal organisation.
New tags added.
_______________________
Sherlock opened his eyes. He was no where near subspace.....not at all. He had pushed his mind far far too much during that case and John regretted deeply, that he hadn't forced Sherlock to take a break before.
“Well. It depends...Do you remember an incident...or several where you had hidden my cigarettes and I had nothing else stashed....and it is/was only very seldom that I had to “use”. Yes I know I promised, but I can tell you that it was only in the utmost need that I would “use”.....and it was only about once a year! But sometimes when I had honed my mind...tuned it...to be able to solve a case...then I couldn’t turn it down again. I was like a machine running wild!”
Sherlock had stilled and John had prepared for fighting back. Sherlock was incredible strong and John knew that what he was doing, was only possible, because Sherlock allowed it. But Sherlock didn't fight back. He just took a deep breath. John could feel the nervous energy in Sherlock's body. Sherlock was trembling ever so slightly and John knew that Sherlock was fighting his own impulse to 'safe-word out'.
Best regards from Amanda Heisst”
Lady Smallwood looked at Mycroft and touched his hand, “Mycroft. Sherlock had paid enough for our mistakes. Not yours...
John chuckled back, “Not at the same time, you berk!”
Sherlock moved and kissed John gently: “I’ll more than happy to repeat that too...but later. If I don’t extract myself from the bed now....I’m going to make a disaster in bed!”
John put his mouth close to Sherlock's ear and almost growled, “Enough! Sherlock! You are running on fumes. Soon your brain will whirl out into cosmos, if you are not stopped. And in that condition you are not able to use that amazing brain of yours. You need a break. So....do you want to safe-word out?”
"He's wrong."
“Incredible”, said John afterwards, “But it explains so much...”
Sherrinford and Eurus nodded, “We know the book.”, both said, “But what has that got to do.....?”, did Eurus continue.
John shook his had and muttered to himself, “That's it. I've gone totally bonkers. Seeing things...”
She wasn't in the room as he came back and he just knelt on the mat. Feeling how he entered deeper into the submission. It was easy this time. Maybe because his back and buttocks still throbbed a bit. But not bad....just a reminder that he had a body.
Sherlock laughed and turned so he could kiss John, “That pathetic 'caterpillar'-thing sitting on your upper lip? That could hardly deserve the name 'moustache'. No, the other Watson had a nice big Victorian manly moustache, that would look ridiculous on a modern face, so don't get any good ideas. I still prefer my doctors clean-shaven..”
“But Mycroft is a murderer then.....Did kill at the age of...nineteen. He must have been at Oxbridge then.”
Mycroft frowned, “
Sherlock interrupted, “I panicked. I wanted you as a friend...so badly. And was afraid that I would push you away.....just like Victor.....if I admitted anything. And I had worn 'my armour', my defences for such a long time, and had been so hurt by so many, that I didn't dare lower my shields.....”
John steeled himself and explained, “Because before...everything, I could pretend that we were just flatmates, and platonic friends, but as we both have admitted that we love each other, then I would find it very difficult to...to control myself.”
“I’m sorry love. Yes, I intended to humiliate you a bit… But not to create such discomfort!”
Sherlock shook his head, “Well, so much for that theory!”, he said as he turned around and went back inside to make arrangements for Baker Street, so it could be more child-proof.
Sherlock lifted his head a bit and looked at the almost empty bottles standing on the table under the window, “If...no...
John just said, “Hello...” and nothing more as he came into the living room. And there Sherlock was balancing the bison-skull on one arm trying to put back the headphones. The flat looked a lot better, with newly made walls, even if it was the same pattern of wallpaper. Even the rather spectacular one behind the sofa. John supposed that Sherlock had grown fond of that wallpaper somehow.
The enema kit had a selection of different nozzles to choose from. It was certainly not for medical use, as such a kit would definitely not contain nozzles the size of rather big butt plugs. This particular enema kit was designed specifically for Dom/sub play. But the results would be the same as if it was a medical enema. A clean rectum. And it would surprise Sherlock, who was unaware that John had bought it.
“Believe me, Sherlock. It is just a meeting. Nothing dangerous and it could even be a bit interesting, even if you do not care so much about politics”, had Mycroft said.
He smiled, “What about you?”
Sherlock huffed, “Allowing you to drag us around by our noses and none of us tried to fight you or your followers? Well...that is very Bond-like!”
She squeezed some of the gel on the tip of his cock and said, “We'll take it slowly.....and I make sure that you give your consent, before I continue. It is going to be intense and if you come...you are forgiven and I'll only punish you a little afterwards!”
John hand went to his mouth and he had tears in his eyes as he remembered how Sherlock....Sherlock who had sacrificed his career and almost his life to make sure that John was safe......had asked John for forgiveness in that explosive wagon under the parliament-building in November the same year. Sherlock had asked for forgiveness and it should have been John, who had done that. And Sherlock’s first man’s speech had been a love-declaration towards John.
Indignantly Mycroft turned towards Sherlock: “I beg your pardon, brother dear. I might be aristocracy....just like you, if you would care to remember that. But my position, my work is most certainly not inherited, nor was I chosen to be in the government...even in a minor position....because of my title, but because of my skills. Contrary to those “dinosaurs” in the House of Lords who, with a few exceptions, only are there because they possess a title. And as you perfectly well know.....both father and I have always declined the offer of being in that part of the English government. If I had my way we would only have one chamber and that relict from the 18th century would cease to exist!”
“No....At Bart’s I could see the net, I was supposed to land in....but it was the voices in my head that told me “give up, Sherlock, take the contents of the next syringe too. Nobody loves you. You are a freak!”...or “give up...stop fighting...there is too much pain”...I’ve had those demons inside too, John. I think we all have....more or less. But we have to face them....take them for what they are....a crazy place in your own brain, that need to be confronted, if we should stay human. Without controlling that, we are beasts....like Magnussen and Moriarty....and so many others. But not you! I wouldn’t hesitate to let you press your loaded gun against my chest! I trust you!”
“And?”
“That would only be fair. But then I still don't get why in the bloody red and furious hell your arse of a bother didn't bother to tell you, that you were off the hook?!”
He put the gift on the duvet and kissed Sherlock, “Morning,
Looking at him even closer, the resemblance to my father was even bigger. They had the same rare eye-colour and the same bone-structure in the face. Now I had no doubt left. It wasn't only a superficial resemblance. That boy had so many of my father's genes in him, that he was indeed him. The Baskerville facility had used my fathers DNA to make Khan Noonien Singh...and it was my fault! I had brought my father's DNA to that blasted facility and they had used as a base for this augmented child.
You escaped and walked the streets in a dug-induced haze. Got back to Baker Street , where Mrs. Hudson found you in the back yard. You were practically in-coherent and babbled about 'a woman in red, walking with a cane'. Mrs Hudson, bless that woman and her sense of danger, called
Mycroft didn't answer, just smiled and then he continued, “So....no blindfolds and no restrains. I was tortured at several occasions, bound to a chair, blindfolded and gagged with a dirty piece of cloth. So no gagging either. Not too hard stress-positions, as I'm not twenty any-more and I'll have to function already tomorrow afternoon. And regarding ...bodily fluids. Only sweat, semen, vaginal juices, saliva. Please not other bodily fluids...or not so fluid items. I'm not for 'golden showers' or 'scat'. And please don't make me bleed. Welts and bruises are OK, but I do not like to ruin my clothes and I have a meeting tomorrow. So my face and my hands should please be avoided too..”
John frowned, “But to come to rescue by barging in and attacking everything moving, surely there could have been others..”
Mrs. Hudson tried to talk to him, but he just glared at her a few seconds before he said, very calmly, “You can report to my arse of a 'brother'....If you should have any doubt, I'm referring to Mycroft Holmes, that I do not want to see you upstairs ever again. I would appreciate if you would make sure that we do not meet on this staircase as well.”
“I suppose it is tracked somehow....and would function even without battery” had John said as he a bit reluctantly had accepted the phone offered to him. Of course one of the newest and best models.
“I remember” said John and remembered how Sherlock had behaved like a blue-arsed fly in a bottle.
John laughed: “No...I know how busy you are. But my exercises only last about 10 minutes every day. I suppose you can find time for that most days. And if you can’t, you’ll just go back to the exercises two days before and start again.” And he handed Mycroft a folder.
Mycroft looked out in the air and continued, “When I, in vain, asked the government to accept a pardon for Sherlock, until we had discovered the depths of Magnussen's evil plans, they would not give it to him. I...I got almost no sleep from the time that our plans against Magnussen backfired and until Sherlock was forced to accept the assignment in Serbia. But I forgot to ask the very person, who would have granted Sherlock pardon, no questions asked, as she had been in the building that evening, where Sherlock saved all their ungrateful arses..”
And the thought made John gasp: “Oh...God..yes!!! as he closed his eyes and tried to push his impending orgasm away.
And finally John understood and touched Sherlock's face gently, “Oh, Sherlock, I'm so sorry, Love. I'm so so sorry. I should have known better. For God's sake. I've meditated myself. I should never have bought Mycroft's false description. But why didn't you defend yourself? Told us..me...them..what you were doing?”
“Yeah, but...”, defended Eurus herself, “...I made you into an almost heroic Bond-character, didn't I?”
Mycroft paused again, “Before the grown-ups arrived, Marjorie fell down as well and as the water rose rapidly, she drowned just like Eurus and Sherrinford......”
“I saw him. He was grey and hollow. He had lost his other half. There was only a hollow shell left.”, said John. And then he continued, “It is a bit strange though. There was a time where I could have imagined him and Molly as a couple. And now I feel guilty because she helped me so much after Mary, and now I don't even now where she is in the world or how she is...”
John sat down and looked at Mycroft, “You know why I am here?”, he asked.
He said that obediently for each of the hits with the cane. It made nice welts on his buttocks and it touched her deeply inside....the place where she enjoyed to be a sadist, to bend people according to her will. And it touched her too, that he endured his punishment so bravely. Her husband would have trashed around and yelled at her, before he would submit, but Mycroft was the perfect sub. Almost too perfect.
thinks he knows, that I'm what you need."
“You’ll have to understand, John” said Mycroft and actually looking apologizing: “It was either this....exile.....or many years in prison for Sherlock. Now the nation needs him...I need him. But it doesn’t change the outcome in the end, I’m afraid. You can in no way be in contact with Sherlock. I’ll hope you’ll understand!”
Sherlock shook his head, “No...only some of it. But let me tell you about the facts concerning Carl Powers. The facts that I have now. That I've learned by now.......and after what happened with Eurus, I got the last data. And....”
John stopped for a moment, “The rules? Well, this is a limbo, an in-between. You stay here as long as you need, if you have some unfinished business...”
Thank God that he had been wounded on his first mission, well actually on purpose, and had been hospitalized when John tried to work out how to get Sherlock back to England as Mycroft had been caught in a corner and been unable to help Sherlock much. Sherlock was still limping and now it was his turn to use a cane.
Again John's voice, “I'm sorry Sherlock. You have been 'under' for such a long time, that they have made a tracheo-stomy on you. You are breathing on your own again, but they didn't dare remove the tube yet. I'm holding something over the hole, so you can try to speak now, if you want.”
And then John remembered and realised something and continued,” Or do you want it from your brother?” John was remembering almost a year ago, how Mycroft had reacted as Sherlock, high as a kite, had manhandled Mycroft against the kitchen wall, almost breaking his arm. Mycroft had been in distress and in pain, but he had licked his lips and had shown signs of arousal too.
“Why did Culverton kill? He did it just because he could without being discovered. Magnussen thrived at peoples powerlessness. Gloated over his own power. Why not extend that power? It was not the money....just the fact of knowing that he was the puppet-master and even my brother had to obey. To dance at Magnussen's orders. For a person like Magnussen it would have been better than sex. And besides: all those events ended in the media, which Magnussen controlled a large part of. He would gain more money, because of those events. Just by telling the stories in his newspapers and on telly. But he enjoyed demonstrating his power, just because he could. As he did, when he ordered Mycroft to send me out of England, did pee in our fireplace, licked Lady Smallwood's face, ordered Mary to kill me, put you in a bonfire and flicked your eye....Just because he could! I am so glad that he underestimated me and that I finally killed him. He felt so secure when he believed that he had outmanoeuvred me. He hadn't expected me to be willing to sacrifice my own life to protect you...and protect Mary and Mycroft. And because of the certainty, he didn't order his men to search us as we came to Appledore, because Magnussen couldn't wait to see my face as I discovered how I had miscalculated and there were no vaults under Appledore. And to be honest. I had expected the vaults to be there with a certainty of 65%.”
favours. Sometimes delivered with a very firm hand. Very! Or with....implements....”
There was a long pause. Sherlock just looked at the screen. It was it then. He put his phone down on the side table and turned away, turning his back to the table. He was being silly. Heterosexual John Watson would never admit his love for Sherlock. Never! And then after almost 5 minutes the phone gave a ping and the screen lit and Sherlock rushed to the phone as fast as he could and read:
“Neither do I, John. But your presence has made him into that good man I knew he could be... Not a brilliant man or a great man, but a genuinely good man.”
“I'll let you catch your breath, before I ask again: do you want to try them?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and said, “There are more things in it than just this confession of me being an occasional masochist. So I'll have to begin another place. You must have noticed that my senses of scent, smell and touch...and vision... sometimes are on a different level than most people's?”
Sherlock was going to be sent “home” to his flat in Berlin within a few days. Then supposedly back to “work” in 2 months or so.....Eastern Europe. Another mission......and maybe or maybe not he could return to his flat in Berlin again after that. For now he had at least 2 months to live..... And now......it had all been in vain as Mycroft had been so nice to point out. Sherlock found that Mycroft really had a sadistic side sometimes.
“Yeah...it disappeared somehow. But we know for sure what happened to your coat!”
John had been sleep-deprived and almost insane with worry over Rosie... and Sherlock... and both John and Mary had admitted to each other, after some yelling on both sides, that they maybe cared for each other, but there hadn't been love for a long time. If ever. And both John and Mary had marvelled at Sherlock's willingness to forgive Mary.
John knew of Mycroft’s voyeurism. But what about Andrea? How would she feel about Mycroft visiting Sherlock and John? How had she felt last time? And they had other questions for Mycroft too. Questions they should have asked before.
“You have read this too? And you understand the implications?”
“So much easier..”, said John before he bend a bit more down and used his sword-swallower talents to swallow Sherlock's length totally. Sherlock was now covered with a thin layer of sweat and his hips trusted involuntarily forward in small movements. He was almost humming. Totally lost in pleasure and as John lifted his head at a point, just to get some air...and to give Sherlock a pause, John smiled as he saw how Sherlock obediently still had his hands over his head, clutching to John's dog-tags and his long fingers moved in tiny movements. They were almost kneading, as if Sherlock had been a big cat.
Sherlock did let go of John's hands and pointed at the old red rug under the armchairs in front of the fireplace and asked, “What do you see, John?”
Sherlock continued, “I can never be what he needs. Even if he should finally admit that he is bi-sexual and that he secretly dreams of kissing me and shagging me through the mattress.”
Lady Smallwood came shortly after, carrying the bouquet in a vase. She put in on a table and went to the bar and took two glasses of sherry and offered one to Mycroft, who nodded and took it with a 'thank you'.
“.......And I had the thought..” John continued, “....what would have happened if I had used the opportunity and had undressed you? But that would have been rape....so I didn't. But I thought about it. You looked so young and soft and lovable. I now know it was because you were drugged and your shields were down. And I just wanted you. And of course I 'knew' that you were not into such activities.....”
“What made them change their minds?” John wanted to know.
____________________
After that very nice round of sex, involving Sherlock as 'the receiving part' and John more than happy to 'deliver', both men were now lying in the bed. John on his back and Sherlock cuddled on his side close to John and with his head on John's good shoulder.
John smirked, “Do you know what is a bit funny? I used to tamp down my arousal towards you by imagining Mycroft stripping. He would end up standing only in his socks and garters. With his big fat white dough-like belly and his micro-penis and his tight-squeezed arse.....”
“During the night...in his sleep.” was Sherlock’s answer, “You can close the file named “John Hamish Watson-Holmes” now.
Sherlock smiled as he had examined every piece on the bed, “The myth is true then?” he asked.
“Yes I’m afraid so. But she is clever...so very subtle...very! Oh my God, John. I just came to think of.......did she give you anything that you should give to Sherlock?!”
“It didn't fit, did it John? Jumping through the windows before the explosion? We would have been injured by the window-frames and the glass. It is only in film that you can jump unharmed through a window. Actually, glass is relatively solid. And jumping as the explosion would have blown the windows out? In that case we would have been injured by the explosion. Burned at least on our backside and have been harmed by landing on the street from the first floor. Lacking hair, burned clothes and burn-wounds and broken limbs. But we just slumped down on the floor, Mrs Hudson was sedated too and found herself in an ambulance and was told that Baker Street had been partly ruined. At least my flat and she was send to her sister's to live for a while. She 'bought' it too, thanks to the sedation and a small amount of drugs to her too.”
Sherlock didn't answer right away, but remained still for several seconds, before he began to speak again, “.....'Moriarty' had nothing to do with the murder of Carl Powers. Didn't plan it or caused it. It was just used later as a part of a bigger plan. A plan that back-fired spectacularly. Think, John. You know the three main things in investigations: means, motive, opportunity!”
John positioned his cock's head at Sherlock's opening and allowed himself to admire how turned on Sherlock was. He had seldom seen Sherlock's cock so engorged and so dripping.
“What? Why are you looking so smug?” demanded Sherlock to know as he hung up is coat and scarf.
“What?”
Now Sherlock moved again and actually knelt in front of John who now had put his head in his hands as he said: ”Sherlock....I.... I have to be honest with myself...finally....That you are my “wet dream come true”, Sherlock,......everything I’ve ever dreamt of...in my darkest fantasies that I have never even admitted to myself until now......But.....”
“I know it is a bit late...but we didn't use a condom.”, said Mycroft.
“Why?.......if I may ask, Ma’am. You are an excellent driver!”
Because John had to come to terms with his own negligence. His refusal of seeing the real Sherlock. For not seeing the love Sherlock had shown him...in his own a bit strange ways. Sherlock's politeness....always lifting the police-tape for John. Making tee. Trying to be considerate and caring for John's needs. Politely accepting, prior to the jump from Bart's, all John's girlfriends, even he had had a tendency to point out their weak spots.....and then bravely accepting that John didn't want him in his life and not making contact to him before Mary had contacted Sherlock to save John.
Mycroft bent forward and hid his face in his hands, “And it is so wrong on so many levels! I’m your brother, for God's sake!”
John smiled again, “And I'm a full-blown pervert, Sherlock, because hearing that your brother can be submissive....I wouldn't mind having him bent over something and, despite my aversion against tissue-damage, I think I wouldn't mind to give him a good spanking, even if he might like it! The man I talked to earlier today, the real Mycroft, without his armour, I kind of liked him.....and I never thought that I could say that about your brother.”
Sherlock paused and then he continued, “Thank God I had read 'Enders Game' and had come to think that Mycroft was just as much a victim as I was. Tell me, John, who had the most power? The man behind the British Government...or the man behind that man, controlling him like a marionette?”
“She still wanted to become 'the doctor's wife' and she tried to push you into her mould. To make you her obedient...I'm sorry to say it....but the fitting word would be 'pet'.” , explained Sherlock.
Mycroft smiled, “Yes, sir!”
“But...what would he gain from that?”, John wanted to know.
And John mentioned, “
“Well. Let us start with 'Mary'. She had hired this actress, Sian Brook, to play the lady on the bus. To test if you were just as bored in your marriage as she was. If you started flirting, Mary would have an easier excuse to disappear later. By the way, you did send one of the messages to 'E' to me too, by mistake...”
“You did not 'beat me into a pulp'. And I was not defenceless. Believe me, John, I've killed more skilled people than you in close combat, while I was away...”, shouted Sherlock back.
And it wasn't really a surprise as they decided to get married. And there were no laws against that. Genetically they were not siblings and they were not that either in the eyes of the law, since Hamish on paper was Mycroft's son. Hamish had explained that he would have so much trouble finding a wife that could match him intellectually seen, and Rosie's argument was the same.
And then he had walked downstairs to make four phone-calls. First Hamish and then the priest. Sherlock had made the arrangements...not that there was much to alter in the arrangements they had made several months ago, as John's health had faltered. The young priest had asked if he should come over. If Sherlock needed anything?
The Royal Pardon came late on the 11th of August, a few days earlier than expected, and Sherlock bought a ticket to a plane as soon as possible. He would have to make a shift in Hamburg, but Mycroft told him that he would be fetched by a private plane there, and fly the rest of the way to London to the very airstrip where he had said goodbye to John in January.
And John just hesitated for a few seconds and then he grappled for the lube that he had fetched together with the pillows and duvets. He didn't hesitate more as Sherlock begged again, “Please.....it is so different. I want your fingers...and your big fat cock...please...please...”
After the two brothers admitted their fondness, their love and their mutual attraction, they were both amazed that John just accepted it.
“Do you need any help?” and then a short pause before Sherrinford continued, “Don’t do anything stupid.” At that moment he sounded so much like his father, that Sherlock got a lump in his throat.
And Greg gave him another...and another. At number four Mycroft moaned and began to rut against the sheet.
Sherlock had a faint blush on his cheeks and suddenly he looked so young.
He closed his eyes again and Mycroft could feel how weak Sherlock's pulse was. And he was so devastatingly pale...
And then he went over to Sherlock's bed. Took Sherlock's head gently in his hand and bowed down over Sherlock's head and kissed Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated for a fraction of a second and then he reciprocated the kiss with a strength that surprised John.
“So...you wanted to suggest something, as I interrupted?”, said John.
John had come so close to an orgasm himself as he saw Sherlock's white spurts and heard him moan, so he had to take a firm grip around his own erection, just to catch his breath.
Then Sherlock was ordered to sit up up against the padded headboard. John could see that Sherlock needed more....as John had expected.
___________________________
John smiled, “It is funny. You are not jealous of all the women I've been with, but you are worried about the men?”
And then Sherlock looked worried, “But now you are going to hate me, aren't you? For having been a 'rent-boy'?”
When they returned to their flat the next day, there was an extra gift from Mycroft waiting for them: a luxury riding-crop and new collars for both of them.
He turned towards Mycroft, “Even if we die doing that. We'll just have to keep us self alive until our plan can work.”
“You can...despite the colour.”, said Sherlock and kissed John again.
And Sherlock explained
“Giuseppe Mordecai Hundley
Mycroft took a deep breath, “I trust you, Elizabeth and I want to try this. Maybe....maybe turn the butt-plug off a bit. I was so close to coming.....and I want to try those sounds. It was a weird, but interesting feeling earlier. So yes...please...”
Mycroft smiled: “He does....but I do not listen!”
A voice: “Yes?”
“Utterly bullshit, Sherlock. You have never been able to force me to do anything I didn’t want to do...well besides watching you fall from that bloody roof. I’m a dangerous man too, Sherlock! And if you do remember....I’ve been able to force you more than a couple of times too. So...I do not buy that excuse! I’m still interested!”
Mycroft smiled, “You were listening after all. No...not in Bulgaria. Here in England. You, John, are going to attend the 'The Afghani Veteran meeting, founded in 2000' in Birmingham and Greg is going to the 'Yearly assembly of retired London police-officers'.”
Sherlock hugged him hard again and then kissed him, “You are forgiven...I love you John. And I would do everything all over again...if it would be necessary to keep you safe. You must understand that there is nothing I wouldn’t do to keep you safe”, he said with his deep voice and they stood like that for a while.
John could only shake his head, “Yeah...I still do not understand how he did that. And despite the tracking devise in the A.G.R.A memory stick, he still had to be close to Mary's locations to track it. He would not be able to track it in Morocco or Northern Sweden, sitting in London.”
John had thought it would be a bit awkward the first time he was going to see Andrea after they had invited Mycroft to their flat for more than a cup of tea. But it wasn’t, and John just accepted that he was just as mad as the rest of the Holmes family. He would fit in perfectly after he and Sherlock got married.
Sherlock pointed at a set of journals, that John hadn't seen as he came into Sherlock's room, “I found more evidence at Baskerville. It was easier now, as 'Mary' had shown where to look. I have an inside accomplice at Baskerville. A woman who owes me several favours.....”
Sherlock had nearly finished telling about what had happened, but continued with the last part, “There in the darkness were just two people believing that every moment could be their last, John. Two people clinging to each other. Two people seeking a bit of comfort. And we ended up kissing. And the kissing got into something more heated. To make a long story short: we ended up having sex. It is not impossible for me to sustain an erection being with a woman, John.....and Irene was very skilled.”
“I'm not sure. Greg promised to look after him. After I left Mycroft's house....”
Sherlock shook his head, “I understand why you panicked, Mary...and you did!......And I appreciate that you didn't kill me afterwards even if you had a lot of opportunities....”
Sherlock looked around in John's and his house. Everything was neat and in order. Not like the clutter and chaos in Baker Street. It had reflected the state of his mind. But this place reflected his mind too. Calm and order and only clutter and chaos a few places: his work-table and his bookcases. But is was allowed clutter-places.
“You did” smiled Mycroft.
“But with all these memories on their loose, I do not know any more which are real and which are false. Let me give you an example: I know I planned your wedding and I know that Major Sholto was attending and that someone tried to murder him. But on the other hand: I have a clear memory of you giving birth under a rainstorm, and that while I was driving and we ended up in a tunnel and there was a lot of water.”
”Such a shame actually to ruin that” said the other man and he continued:
“For God’s sake Sherlock...we have established that I do not feel repulsed by this...actually a bit interested.....not to say a lot! I just want to know what to do, when to do it and how to do it the right way!”
“Not anymore...It is after all 2 years ago!” And Sherlock turned towards John again and said: “My ribs had healed too....and the wounds, that accidentally had been re-opened, were re-stitched again. The wounds on my wrists have healed and the damage done to my shoulders has healed too. I’ve had physiotherapy to stretch the scar-tissue and to restore the strength in my muscles and the full movement in my shoulders.....so all in all I’m functioning fully again. My broken nose had healed without problems too. You do not have to worry, John. I’m fit...and those small wounds on my back will be fine in no time. I’ve had worse!”
“Not all of it. My role, yes. But not Eurus', or Mycroft's or yours. Mycroft wanted to tell you himself..”
“I had stored it away. The things that had been done to me.”
And she turned towards John and gave him her hand: “Sorry for underestimating you! My name is Vanessa....and it is quite a disguise you have there in your woollen jumper. I could have taken you for being harmless. But you are not that al all...I see that now!”
“Thank you , Sir. May I have another?”, said Mycroft.
It was as if her death had been the beginning of the disaster. The countries in the world that apparently in the 2040s had found a balance of power and a way to diminish starvation and wars, seemed to loose every will to make peaceful solutions....and despite Leuris' and Rohan's and Eshan's united efforts, Great Britain soon became isolated together with Western Europe. It was as if the rest of the countries in the world had decided “each on his own”.
“Nope. Well...not for real. No real danger. You were in that well only at the end, just before you were rescued. The water-level was carefully measured and your feet weren't really shackled to the bottom. You were placed in that well whilst you were drugged. The bones was never in the real well together with you.”
John smiled but didn’t say a word.
Sherlock paused a bit before he said, “Do you forgive the sniper that shot you in Afghanistan?”
“Nonsense, John...I’ve never met a man so much in control of himself....and besides...when I returned I allowed you to harm me...because I felt I deserved it. I’m capable of defending myself!”
What has happened since I wrote in my book the last time? Well, the world fell apart and the super-soldiers, called Augments, seized power all over the world. How humans could be so stupid as to make super soldiers and then not to ensure their loyalty by treating them extremely well, but had chosen to treat them as slaves, well at least history should have told them, that given a chance, such slaves will of course rebel against such horrendous treatments. Until a few days ago we had still contact with people in Europe, but now we are preparing to 'disappear' and keep that contact down to a minimum. At least until we know if we can do it unnoticed. We left the village a few days ago and disappeared into the National Park. There are houses and even old castles situated in the park and we have prepared them for hiding a long time ago. They are shielded and look most of all like inhabitable ruins. We have stashed food for a long time and we have been able to lay our hands on weapons and ammunition. Sheep helps us to hide as well, since no one...at least we hope so...would expect that only a few insignificant herds would be able to sustain life up here amongst so many apparently free-living and gone-astray sheep up here in the Northern part of the British island. A lot of places like that have been prepared through out the years as we waited/prepared for the war, but we still did uphold hope that it wouldn't come. Not that the whole British population can be hidden like that, and that is a tragedy, because just like it is happening all over the world some is going to die in this weird war, in order for the rest of us to go unnoticed. If we survive this and would be able to defeat the Augments, we will have to live with that burden, that not everyone could be saved.
In the kitchen he looked at her again and said, “How long have you been standing there?”
When Sherlock finally had put the evidence together and found out that the cases were connected and a serial-killer and rapist was on the loose, yet another teenager had disappeared. Sherlock had worked night and day. Only slept when it couldn't be avoided, out of sheer exhaustion and he lived on coffee and sugared tee for 7 days......and finally he had a break-through.
He brought it back to the bed and placed it between him and John. He didn't open it though, but just looked at it thoughtfully. Then he looked at John, “How much do you know about BDSM?”
Sherlock smiled as he remembered how John had been furious when he had found out so many years ago that someone else had taken the credit for Sherlock’s many years of work to save the European brown bee.
Rosie showed the mercy to sleep the whole night through and as Sherlock and John finally woke in each-other’s arms, it was not to a crying Rosie, but just to a Rosie, who apparently was telling both 'Bee' and 'Elbant' an important story. At least it was what they could make out from her nonsense-words through the baby-monitor.
“Come on....captain! Fuck me!”
“I did. You can use the knowledge we've retrieved here. I can't. You are more important than me..so don't waste it. Just accept it. You offered to die to save me and John in your planned scenario on that island. You had forgotten that it was planned and therefore it was an act of true self-sacrifice. So you did it too.....Just accept it, brother dear."
Mycroft and Sherlock continued having sex the next couple of weeks, as Baker Street was renovated. Quite a lot of sex, but slowly turning more and more 'vanilla', and the frequency going down as well and gradually the world outside their 'cocoon of time' crept closer and closer and they knew, that they would have to end this and separate. Their hunger towards each other was getting sated and their need for pain and submission was fading as well.
It worked...partly. For Sherlock stopped for a few seconds. Then he snarled, “Oh for God's sake, John. Not now! I have to think! Even your limited brain functions must have discovered that we only saved the boy.....and that even not in time. But we didn't catch the killer!...I.Have.To.Think!!”
He smiled again, “Not when the pain is supposed to be a punishment.”
John looked back at Mycroft: “I don’t know, Mycroft. It feels wrong to abandon her when she is going to need care. But....but the last lie....about Mina. Just too much And Mary swore that Mina was mine....I really do not know if I can ever trust Mary. I think that she genuinely wanted to make a new life. Stop being an assassin. And I think if she really would have harmed me....or Sherlock for that case.....she had had lots of opportunities....”
Sherlock laid down on his stomach on the bed on several towels that John had put there and John helped him get out of the silk gown. John had carefully put a towel over Sherlock’s buttocks, so only Sherlock’s back was exposed.
As they opened the door to the suite, Greg first kissed Mycroft hard. And then they hugged. Greg could feel the tension in Mycroft's body and said, “Come, let us just sit down and talk. Do you need submission tonight?”
And Sherlock looked a bit worried at John. John looked back and saw the uncertainty in Sherlock...something no one else would have noticed. He reached up and took Sherlock’s face between his hands and kissed him gently: “Oh don’t worry love...she is nothing compared to you!”
Sherlock answered without opening his eyes, “No....you need it more than I do. You have a chance...I don't...And we did agree on going through this, even if it would kill us....
John frowned, “Which myth?”
John told Mycroft that he didn’t care what happened to Mary...or whatever her name was. The last betrayal...well actually the last three betrayals: as she had told her lie about Mina and had tried to contaminate Sherlock....and John..... , made John wonder if she had ever spoken the truth about anything at all. Most of all he was angry at her because she had thought that John would never have found out: “She must have thought that I was a total imbecile!”.....and he was angry at himself because he had proven himself to be just as stupid and naive as she had thought he was.
Two days after John and Rosie had moved in with Sherlock at Baker Street, Mycroft had asked Greg to come to a meeting at the Diogenes' in on of the private rooms and Greg had of course asked how he was after the events. Greg knew of course now, that it had all been at set-up, but he had been told that Mycroft hadn't known at the time of the events happening and that Mycroft Holmes had been affected. Just like John and Sherlock. Yes even Molly, who had refused to tell Greg more.
And suddenly the mood grew a bit darker as John remembered, “Sherlock I...I've come so close to loosing you so many times...and that last time....I..”
Again Sherlock just looked at them and then he began his deductions, “This is the only way it fits. You, Sherrinford, are in a position in USA. You must have falsified your papers, so you were born there...and you are just waiting for the idiot, who currently is the president, to make such a fool of himself, that people would be desperate to accept you as president. And you, Eurus, are now the 'gray eminence' behind the Russian President. I even remember seeing your features on photos, standing close to him. Mycroft is here in Great Britain, being the 'British Government' and just like 'Peter' and 'Valentine' managed to rule the world together, you plan to do the same. But there is a tiny problem...an obstacle. The 'damaged' little brother. Brilliant, yes, or just 'maybe brilliant'. In another way than the rest of you. But damaged. It was shown as I was unable to attend primary-school. As I gained no friends at boarding-school. As I remained lonely at University. And as I began to use drugs. A security-defect.....someone it would be smarter to get rid of....or maybe even use as a chess-piece on your world-sized-chess-board. A pawn? Or maybe even a 'Queen' to be sacrificed if the 'King' was threatened. I know that a chess-board for three players does exist. But the real world is more complicated than a chess-board...but why not 3 players on a three-player world-size chessboard?”
It had caught John's interest and he had walked over to the table together with Greg, who had said, “No...I've never heard about that. What happened?”
Hamish had found the job from his dreams and was deeply involved in genetic research and Rosie was busy in her field....and down in Sussex Sherlock and John just grew a little bit older every day. Sherlock kept his hair but it was a bit shorter than in his youth and with a lot of grey streaks. And John kept his hair on his head as well, but it was all grey now. Sherlock found that John was as beautiful as ever, despite wrinkles and grey hair and John could still lose his breath over Sherlock's beauty. And the villagers just admired their love for each other and they laughed a bit, but fondly, at how those two men were so deeply in love still at their age....that was in their 60s, in their 70s and even in their 80's.
Humans now thought they had caught and condemned every Augment, but of course they hadn't. Just like they themselves had hidden in caves and remote villages and forests, Augments did the same thing. They were not the highest ranking Augments and not always enhanced as soldiers...so they managed to hide. And were just 'humans'. And became a part of the human gene-pool.
John smiled back knowing exactly what Sherlock was thinking of, “Sorry Love. It is...almost.....a myth. Soldiers sometimes ‘go commando” and it is valid for those soldiers in kilt as well. But normally you would wear pants under the kilt.”
Both John and Greg had smiled...and Sherlock too. Of course they would help.
“Oh Sherlock....I figured that out more than a year ago. Your brother wears a ring...on his right hand I admit.....by European tradition....and Anthea’s ring has the exact same pattern. The way they talk to each other...an almost hidden brush of fingers against the other ones hand, when they are handing over files and folders. The way they look at each other...and yes I know that the same thing could be said about us for a long time. But we do not have matching rings!”
Mycroft had seen the change in Sherlock's behaviour and had seen the hungry look in the eyes of many of the men. Mycroft had never understood how Sherlock could do that: draw the attention of almost every man and woman in a room, but now he saw the effect.......Both he and Sherlock were just clad in their trousers. Their shoes and socks had been removed the first day. A way to humiliate people to let them walk barefoot and their jackets and shirt had been removed when they were being beaten with the electric wires and the belts. And the goons had of course noticed how well build Sherlock was. But not until he subtly changed his behaviour did they see him as a sexual object........and the result was that all 8 men in the group raped Sherlock and stopped torturing Mycroft.
“Oh God, no, Sherlock. It is just silly old sentimental me...” and John kissed the two scars and Sherlock understood immediately.
“And that was in fact that very thing that made them pardon me and allow him to fabricate false footages.”, said Sherlock.
And Sherlock read the newspaper articles and the hand-scripted notes that were lying under the photos of Mary Shelley's diary.
Now John had enough of it and turned Sherlock around so now it was Sherlock turn to be lying on his back.....and now it was John's turn to nip and lick and kiss all over Sherlock's body as well. First John paid attention to Sherlock's nipples. John licked and nipped and pinched, making both of them into little wet hard buds. The sounds Sherlock made had a direct connection to John's groin as John just marvelled at how sensitive Sherlock's nipples were. Then John continued down over Sherlock's stomach. Licked into the navel and then John paid especially attention to Sherlock's balls and avoided Sherlock's cock totally, even if he could see that Sherlock was desperate for John to use his sword-swallower talents on him.
” and...let me see...oh yes: ”
John frowned, “Musgrave?”
“How often then...and you can just tell me that it is none of my business..”
“Why?.........oh I see.....If Sherlock had known when you went to Appledore, then he could claim that shooting Magnussen was self-defence!”
“And when we met?”
Sherlock nodded, “The explanation is of course that you were still drugged. And reacting on certain trigger-words. Or rather....'not reacting' because of them. That day I had just found Faith's note. I had realised that I hadn't hallucinated the meeting after all. I had investigated further and had seen the 'miss me' written in linseed oil and had finally realised that Mary had gotten the real Faith's note and used it to get me into Culverton's claws. I found out that Mary must still be alive and be potential dangerous to both you and me. I remembered the therapist and rushed there and found you unconscious, bleeding from a small wound on you shoulder. I found the dead body of Sian......and no Mary.”
John just shook his head and wondered why he was still alive after having beaten Sherlock so severely. Damaged him by his coldness. But maybe Mycroft had known that John had been drugged and had had his own agenda, that had harmed Sherlock as well?
And then Rosie died. John was devastated. He had loved that little girl, even if she wasn't his, and he and Mary did find each other a bit in their grief over Rosie.
He had moaned a bit as Sherlock did slide the one arm of the forceps into Mycroft's urethra. It was rather thick and the ring-shaped end did stretch the opening rather much. Mycroft hurried to assure Sherlock that it felt good. Right there Mycroft briefly wondered why he had kept 'sounds' as a secret...or at least not mentioned them for Sherlock. They had tried quite a lot of the other toys in the cupboards........and then Mycroft forgot all about it as Sherlock again brought him to the edge with his skilled hands.
'. Taking responsibility much too soon. It sounds familiar to you too, doesn't it, John?”
Then she went to one of the cupboards and returned with a set of nipple-clamps with a heavy chain between them as she said, “It is strange that you and Sherlock never considered to use 'softer' means to achieve pain. This will hurt, but not cause any damage as will the rest of the things I intend to use on you: pain...most certainly...but no real harm. And that is a better way to still your mind, than something that do harm. I can see the appeal in that too, though. The threat and the pain, that last longer. But it is more dangerous and more damaging....and if this works just as well....”
John would have liked to curl up next to Sherlock to get some sleep himself too, but there were things to be done so John dressed and went to the kitchen to fetch the grocery-list. They were short of almost everything and if it hadn't been for Mrs. Hudson and sometimes Molly, they wouldn't have been 'short' but 'totally without' almost everything.
Sherlock looked down....he suddenly looked so much younger: “You sounded angry.....”
“No...because I know!” said John and put his mug away as he leant forward in his chair an turned more against to face Mycroft: “You are here for two reasons: You want to stick your nose into that Sherlock and I have turned our relationship up a notch....that I’m shagging your little brother into the mattress.....and despite him being a grown up, you still think it is your business! More even because it is a BDSM relationship! But I can tell you this....Sherlock is a grown up...and I don’t even know why I’m speaking up for him, as he is fully capable of doing that himself....and I’ll rather shoot myself than harm him in any way.....well.....not more than he wants....and in that case not even that. I’m a doctor, dammit, and I’m going to do this in the safest of manners! I’m not doing anything that I’m ashamed of and it is more about Sherlock’s needs than mine. I owe him so much...so if I can pay him back this way...I’m more than fine with that.....and besides.....It is the best mind-blowing sex I’ve ever had!!”
Then he paused and said, “When I tell you the next things, then please remember that my brother offered to die to protect you.”
“But he spoke...”, protested John.
“And the purpose of all this insanity?”
Sherlock frowned, “What was easy?”
John nodded, “Then start there, Love. We have the whole night and tomorrow and the day after that and so on......all the time you and I need, don't we? There is no Moriarty, who wants to kill you and me. No Magnussen, no Culverton......and no murderous wife. Just you and me, Sherlock..”
Sherlock nodded, “I see. Well that explains the election in the United States, I suppose..”
“So.....now we just have to wait!”
“You died in that cellar, Sherlock. And it can't have been a fucking dream, Sherlock, because since when have there been smell and scent and touch in dreams? I could feel the coldnes of your dead body and smell all the blood....”
She pressed Mycroft's erection up against his stomach and pushed him gently so he now was lying on his stomach without getting his cock trapped the wrong way by his body-weight.
Then John made a gesture towards the box, “Do you want to....erhhm.....That is, I've thought about: if I'm going to use some of that on you. Well, shouldn't I sort of find out what works, what to do to you, before I really have to find out in a hurry?”
And to Mycroft....he wouldn’t have to face the untimely death of his baby brother because he himself had been helpless. And after a few days of “honeymoon” for John and Sherlock....at some time they would be tired of shagging each other into the mattress...hopefully within a few days.......Mycroft would really have to make those cameras work again!... and then they could concentrate on finding out who had outmanoeuvred Mycroft and do something to restore the rightful balance again: Mycroft in the lead! And of course that unstoppable old lady that had turned out to be a surprisingly BAMF too! Who would have known that Queen Elisabeth II at her age could put her foot down in such a way! The Queen had just turned 90!
Mycroft reached for the cane and adjusted the cross to a more up-right position. Almost 45 degrees. And with Sherlock's leg straight now. His feet could touch the ground by now. The cross was not totally upright as it would put too much strain on Sherlock's arms.
“Yeah...I suppose I do. Even more because my father and mother aren't here any-more and can't harm me. And Harry? Who am I to blame her for being weak?”
“I’ve got something for you too,” said Sherlock and fetched a rather big gift in one of his own bags.
“You are not going to...”, John began.
John's smile was filled with just as much mischief, as he whispered back into Sherlock's ear, “But I am....I am a military man. So I am 'going commando'. You have to be a bit careful not to 'dip' me too much when we dance.....and besides: I've taken care of 'old and new, borrowed and blue' as well. But you'll have to deduce that. Only that the 'blue' and 'borrowed', is one of Mycroft's.”
Mycroft had pushed a piece of paper towards Sherlock, “Here is a transcript of the mail from the leader of “Eurus' Writer's Association”. They still struggle a bit with the translations of her last books, because she still find it difficult to understand that people can't understand more than 20 languages. But the man, the leader, has told me that her works over the years had gone less Gothic....less Lovecraftian. More towards Ray Bradbury, if you know what I mean...”
Mycroft didn't say anything for a while. Then he looked at Sherlock, “Uncle Rudy and aunt Marilyn never recovered from that blow. They couldn't stand looking at you and me and a few months later they left for Australia. Their house just crumbled.....and I remember that we visited it once. It was very much in ruins, but the fake gravestones were still there. I remember that the 5 year old Sherlock was very fascinated by them and complained that they didn't make any sense...”
“I would prefer to be the receiving part, John...” said Sherlock in that voice that was pure velvet and had a direct connection to John's groin.
Mycroft closed his eyes and continued, “I had sexual encounters at the university... I knew what I liked. That I was into men and women and when I saw you I could only think about how it would be to kiss that beautiful mouth of yours. To reach under your shirt and feel your nipples, feel them peak under my hands, to touch your cock and feel how it would stiffen under my hand...”
John began to chuckle and Sherlock asked: “What?!”
“No, Ma'am”
“Almost everything...but I prefer something sweet”
Sherlock explained, “This happened when I was 16. I was home for my summer holiday. Mycroft was 23 and was living at our parental home again, for a short notice. He had almost finished his education at Oxbridge. Was only lacking his last exam and had cleared his rooms at the university and was waiting for his flat to be available.....”
underestimation of Magnussen and was prepared to be shot immediately, as he shot Magnussen to protect Mary, John and most of all you and me.......and it took you far too long to get the pardon through and Sherlock almost died on that plane to Zagreb. No, Mycroft...I would not dream of making your brother pay. He had paid enough!”
Sherlock paused for a moment before he continued, “Do you remember how Jim mocked us at the swimming pool? How he said that I could cherish the look of surprise on his face, if I shot him right there and then and how I wouldn’t be able to cherish it for very long, as the snipers obviously would kill us immediately after?”
Mycroft frowned, “She would have given Sherlock the pardon?”
John pushed a pillow under Sherlock’s hips and secured Sherlock’s slightly bent legs with leather straps, similar to those on the headboard. A precise movement of Sherlock’s feet would free him of those restraints as well. And the leather wasn’t that strong and would break if real force was put on it.
And then he turned towards Andrea and said as he pointed at Mycroft and Sherlock, “Well, who is then the 'Loche' and who is the 'Demosthenes'?”
John continued, “Well...That I want such an ‘extravaganca’, well, I didn’t feel that it would be fair, without me paying the biggest part of it. And it is not that I want to be a “bridezilla” using all our money and loose the sight of the fact that it is not the wedding that is important, but our life afterwards. I know we had planned a visit to the town hall and have a small dinner for the closest friends and family. But ...this my final marriage.....it should be better, bigger and finer that the previously. Can you understand why Sherlock? Is it OK? Would you allow me to show how much I cherish and love you?”
“That was the only connection Mary and I couldn't find. From 'Thomas' to the experiments in the late 1960ties and the head of them were Sir Percival Baskerville II, Bob Frankland and Culverton Smith.”, said John and continued, “But it makes sense if they had intact frozen material..”
“And how close you came to the truth...”, said Sherlock.
“And that would only be a problem if one of you got pregnant” said John.
“This just confirms everything, doesn't it? That I'm a monster, a freak! Based on more than hundred years old DNA from a monster!”
John shook his head: “But why would she choose me, when she had David?”
And Sherlock had huffed and said: “You sound so embarrassed...as if you have never seen the private parts of a man before. For God’s sake...it is just transport, John!”
He took the syringe and held the needle it against his arm and then he exhaled, lifted his chin and with an almost invisible nod...so much like the one John used, when he had to do something unpleasant, but still ‘soldiered on’, Sherlock pressed the piston and saw the liquid disappear into his vein. He felt the poison, a taste of metal and garlic in his mouth...and then...nothing.
“Colour, Private?”
And then he rose and went over to Sherlock and knelt down on the carpet in front of Sherlock, who just looked at him with confusion painted all over his face.
Sherlock looked at John, “But remember that they once thought that blood-letting could cure every disease. That quicksilver and mummy-dust were real medicine and that humiliation could cure insanity.”
Greg interrupted him, “And you want to adopt them? And bring them here to England?”
In the dark, in their own bed in Baker Street, John couldn't sleep and Sherlock could hear him twist and turn and wanted to know what was wrong?
The disease took away half of the population during the next ten years, but it removed the corrupt top in a lot of countries as well: in Sudan, Nigeria, Tanzania, Zambia, Kenya, Malawi and a lot of other countries......all the countries where corrupt incompetent leaders had made their own people starve and prevented development in order to fill their secret bank-accounts in Switzerland.
Afterwards the two men were lying beside each other in the bed. John had managed to get the duvet over them and they were just slowly coming down from the high made by the orgasm-chemicals in their bodies.
Sherlock had turned it in to “John’s room”.....a place dedicated to John Watson. A lot of pictures from the blog...and from their cases on the walls. Screen-dumps from John’s blog had been magnified and put on the walls too.....and pictures of John from the time in Afghanistan....where ever Sherlock had found them.
“You are not alarmed by sex?”
The three young men looked at him, suddenly understanding the gravity of all the small pieces of evidence they had gathered after all.
“Yes, Ma'am”
And then he smiled as he saw Sherlock's pupils dilate....and Mycroft felt the calmness wash over him. His own need could wait, he needed the submission too. But first Sherlock's needs. They were the most important right now.
Greg and Mycroft were a bit lost in their thoughts while they waited for the water to work. Greg planned how he would help Mycroft, without altering his own plans for the night too much. Mycroft would be pleased to hear that Greg's plans had not been altered just to take care of Mycroft's needs. But now it was not the time to tell Mycroft. Now was the time to allow Mycroft to relax.
And John nodded, because Mycroft was right, damn it!
“And he loves you, in the way he is able to do. Romantically.....but in no way 'in flesh'. If you can't accept that, you'll have to let him go. He is in such agony!”
“If some of the young men were a bit like me, John, some of them must have liked it..”
John nodded and looked at Marianne, “It was you.”
Mrs. Hudson had made a meal for them and left it in the kitchen with a note: “I’m at my sisters for the next two days, so you can have a bit privacy. Try to be not too loud, though. The neighbours are in. I’m so glad you are both back in the right place!”
“Touch yourself, Love”, John ordered and as soon as Sherlock's hand was on his own cock and began to stroke, John pushed inside........and it was heaven. To feel that warmth and tightness around his cock was out of this world and as Sherlock impatiently pushed himself further down until he could feel John's balls on his arse, John had to stop for a few seconds...or he would have ejaculated right there and then.
And made the call for the doctor.
John had tears in his eyes as he understood how utterly lonely Sherlock must have felt. He wrote to Sherlock and asked if he was allowed to alter the room? Now that he was there himself in person?
John sighed, “Yeah in a minute, Love. I’m knackered.” and slumped down in his char and rested his head against the backrest, looking up at the ceiling before he closed his eyes...only for a few seconds.
At that extra sensation, Sherlock did throw his head back with his eyes closed and begun to moan deep in his throat and he continued doing that as John sounded him with thicker and thicker sounds. Finally John took the E-stim sound and eased it down the slit.....and turned it on and Sherlock arched of the bed with a shout. But he didn't come. Sherlock was covered in sweat and John had seldom seen Sherlock's cock so engorged and almost purple.....but still Sherlock didn't have an orgasm.
But Sherlock didn’t take his hand back....just shuddered and gave a sigh...almost a sob. His eyes were still worried...but not as bad as before.
“Any old red rug?”
Sherlock pointed at it and said, “This is the only thing you have used. And the room was finished as you were 32. You had your position then and earned quite a sum of money. And had Grand-maman's money.”
The lunatic Augments from Iran and later the far too stupid augments from China did threaten the stability too. The scientists in Iran nearly only emphasized aggressiveness and had only made young men. They were terrible soldiers and actually most of them died fighting each other....after they had killed their creators and a lot of the humans in their area. At least the augments in China knew that they were not intelligent enough to rule by themselves and they had asked Khan.
John looked at Sherlock: “Was it like that...for you....at Bart’s?”
Sherlock shook his head, “No...not totally. You are not repulsed over the fact that I'm even more of a freak, than you first did know? Adding sexual kinks to the list?”
“Is Mycroft's job to tell. I do not have all the data....and might have misunderstood something. You should call him, John, and make an appointment this afternoon. I'll fetch Rosie and make dinner and it will be ready when you return....”
Hearing Sherlock saying that with that voice of his didn’t make it easier for John to make his erection fade so much that he actually would be able to pee properly, so John sighed and went to the shower: “You git....you knew that that voice of yours would do this to me, didn’t you? And now I’ll have to pee in the shower!” John said as he went into the stall and turned on the water so he could relieve himself.....the only possibility left when an erection would make it nearly impossible to pee.
Sherlock frowned, “You mean.....those utterly crazy memories, they carried those secret governmental informations, that Mycroft and the others had put in my brain since my childhood?”
And therefore John only felt an immense relief as the doctors showed up only 15 minutes after to tell that Mary had passed out on the operating table. The damage to her cerebellum had grown worse over time as the swelling began. There had been nothing they could do...
“I will. Just give me a few moments..”
“I do not care what happens” had Sherlock said, “Dry-cleaners have to earn money after all.”
(This last pages are printed from a computer and glued into the book)
Good. Sherlock was on his way to sub-space. It would be fine.
And then John and Sherlock took a cab back to Baker Street and was now sitting in the living room. A lot in the flat was still a mess and John had managed to persuade Sherlock to stay in John's flat until everything was properly in place again. So Sherlock had packed more of his belongings in a suitcase and it was waiting at the door, until Sherlock had had time to show John what he wanted to show him in the flat, and then they would return to John's flat after having picked up Rosie. Sherlock looked forward to that. He had missed Rosie.
Well the furniture was the same....but that was all. Actually it looked like a museum, an exhibition or a set from a film. And John suddenly realised that Sherlock...even if he had kept the flat, actually never had expected to return. It wasn’t a place for a living man to return to....it was a memorial over a friendship and a dead man. And John had got an even bigger shock as he entered the stairs and saw his own old room. He hadn’t been there since....well actually not since he had tended to Sherlock’s wound after he had been discharged from the hospital the second time. They had only seen each other a few times in the months before Sherlock had asked John...and Mary..... to come to his parents for Christmas. John had stayed at Harry’s as he tried to find out what to do about Mary and had only occasionally been at Baker Street....and never up the stairs to his old bedroom.
And Sherlock just looked at John and said: “Hey...that should have been my remark!”
“I just wonder where those words came from, “, said Sherlock.
“Mycroft thought for a long time, that I didn't remember. And he should have protected me!The way my mind is and the experimental way I store memories, means that certain words can trigger a memory and certain words can delete them as well. Or at least, that was the way the scientists, amongst them Culverton, thought that my mind worked. I can't really explain it. We do not have words for it and I've tried to explain it to others. But my mind is like huge houses in a landscape and....and I can 'live' in one of those 'houses'. Create a rather convincing world in there. With touch, sound, taste and....almost everything...”
”.....and “
“Wow..”
“Well. You could fool me Sherlock Holmes, but tell me if I'm wrong. Is it not your cock, a rather erect specimen, that by know is trying to poke a hole in me?”
“Hamish?!”
Sherlock moaned obscenely and right there and then John didn't care if it was of a bit of pain or if was of lust. As long as Sherlock didn't say his safe-word, John intended to take his pleasure as well! Sherlock moaned again and this time it was definitely of lust and that sound went directly to John's balls and to the more primitive parts of John's mind, that was filled with only 'Sherlock'....'Sherlock' and John increased the speed. Grappled at Sherlock's hips and pounded and pounded...loosing himself in the utterly delicious sensation of Sherlock's arse around his cock and as he felt that Sherlock was close, he bent a bit forward and got hold of the chain between the nipple-clamps, paused..... and tore it of Sherlock's sore nipples. Sherlock bucked and moaned even more and came in thick spurts and the contractions of his inner walls around John's cock made John shudder and come as well. So hard that he saw stars and moons.
Finally they both stopped....but still with small bursts of giggling and as they caught each other’s eyes again...they were lost in the laughter once again.
As the drugs wore off, they could both feel their injuries. Both had been bruised and battered since the goons had been hard on them. And then they began to look around in their 'prison'. It was in a cellar, but the room was rather big. The room had only small windows. No escape possibility there, and it was apparently some sort of storing place. The tables against the wall with the small windows were covered with lots of boxes and bookshelves were filled with all that sort of junk, that people put down in cellars. Nothing that could be used as weapons though. Damp cardboard and old shoes doesn't really work as lethal weapons.
John now actually laughed: “You mean....without wanking!”
And then it happened. Rosie was 10 and Hamish 14, when it happened. The event that John later would refer to as 'Sherlock's last case'. Something that would still puzzle him and scare him many years after and always would bring tears in his eyes, when he thought too much about it.
“The summer where I had turned 9 in January and Culverton had announced in spring that I 'was ready', mummy and father attended a seminar and left us 3 boys alone at home. Well...'boys' is not the right word as Mycroft was 16 and Sherrinford was 19.”
Sherlock still looked a bit embarrassed, “Yes...she told me it was necessary and she actually wanted you to come down there too. Something about “personal smell working against or with the fragrances”. But I told her it was a gift and she accepted that.”
Sherlock sighed, “She was such a good friend. And she helped me when no one else could....or would. I know she had a crush on me and that I sometimes was almost cruel towards her. But I didn't know what to say or do.....and at that false island, as they had to improvise, I would have said anything to her to make her survive. And she knew that. Or she learned that about me. I still don't quite understand why and how all the things, that happened there on that false island, was supposed to work.”
John frowned and said, “But Sherlock. You were just a detective....how could that indicate that.....”
____________________
And the little darkness inside John appreciated when that gorgeous body and mind was submissive and obeyed John. And John did remember, that that submission was a gift from Sherlock to John and should be treated accordingly. Just as when John, albeit seldom, did submit to Sherlock, because sometimes John could need to loose control as well, let himself 'fall' and get 'caught' by Sherlock.
John sighed at bit. Somehow it was a bit weird to get used to that other version of Mycroft, the caring and in no way nosy person.
“Don't be angry, John. Think back, and remember how Sherlock was then. You needed to get out of the flat and needed the feeling of being useful. Even if it was just as a GP. Sherlock provided the danger and the GP job provided the 'every-day'. And you needed both aspects.”
“Unless comrade Stalin had made super-soldiers as well. And he tried... “interrupted the DI.
Greg interrupted him, “Would this knowledge that you had about Magnussen being 'Moriarty' have made it possible for me or others to have persecuted Magnussen? Would that knowledge have made it possible for the law to stop him or his allies in the criminal world?”
__________________________________________
John looked up and saw an expression of uncertainty on Sherlock's face.
John hugged Sherlock again, “Except for the last time!”
_____________________
There is a tiny bit of Robert Downey Junior's 'A game of shadows' put into this chapter.
“Yes....but I forgot to give him her gift!”
John returned a bit later and helped Sherlock out of the soaked clothes.....and that was the time where Sherlock realised his mistake.
Sherlock took a deep breath and just held on to his tea-mug, “Well. Before I met you there, I had been in a rough place. As I told you, I never managed to finish my education totally. Firstly because I was in France, being an agent and secondly, after I changed University from Camford to Oxbridge, because of the incidents with Victor Trevor.”
Sherlock stopped for a moment, even if Rosie protested a bit, before he continued, “Mary almost succeeded. But I can tell more about that, when Rosie has been cleaned up and you and I have time afterwards. I suppose Rosie is going to her day-care-family today as well?”
Hamish looked at him, “I don't need the house and I do understand, but I wouldn't stay here, if I were you. It is the South-coast of England. A bit too close to the continent after my liking. And the military is abandoning their base in Eastbourne. That is not just for fun. There is not room for the whole village, but.....”
And John got a bit startled as Sherlock had moved and he was now kneeling in front of John's chair. And had taken John's free hands into his own bigger ones, “You see, John, that is why our friendship can be what is was before I had to abandon you, before I had to jump. Your view upon me and on yourself. You do understand now that Mary changed that. With drugs and carefully planted words. She made you doubt yourself, doubt your own abilities and skill-set and she made you doubt me. She drugged me too. Made me see things that wasn't there. Her for example. I kept seeing her and she had made those DVD's to make sure that she would get her revenge in the end. I would have killed myself waiting in vain for you to come to my rescue, because I would have believed her insane explanation and suggestion to how to save you, by putting myself in danger. By almost getting myself killed. And you? You would have come to late to rescue me.......and would have been eaten up by a feeling of guilt. She almost managed to ruin both you and me, but we are stronger than that. Aren't we?”
John interrupted, “Yeah....my obsession was the Rose-wars......and dinosaurs...”
John took a deep breath, “Because I have to be careful around you, Sherlock. Not to overstep some boundaries. And then you would have to avoid overstepping them too. Regarding me.”
And like that the journal continued with dates and progresses with curves and graphs and descriptions of how Sherlock (Subject D) developed.
At the private-hospital John hurried to Mary’s room in the intensive care unit. In the helicopter Mycroft had told that both Mary and Mina had been severely injured. Mina had lost consciousness almost immediately and had never woken up. She had been declared brain-dead by the arrival in the hospital. Mary was supposed to undergo several operations but was now heavily sedated so she wasn’t in pain and was awake and waiting for John. She had insisted on waiting with the last operation until her husband could be present. And the operation could be postponed, but not for long.
Now John was actually laughing out loud: Your Majesty are...if I may be so blunt....one hell of a lady!”
John smiled back and kissed Sherlock, “I'm sure he'll appreciate to have his real name back. And if he does not come out of the bush regarding Mycroft, then I'll have to push him a bit. Mycroft will, if he is a bit like you, never believe that Greg could be interested. In that area Mycroft is just as must an idiot as you were, Sherlock. So..you are sometimes an idiot too. My idiot!”
Sherlock nodded, “I read once that scientists did believe that we survived our early years as Homo Sapience only because we would emit such an obnoxious smell, that no decent predator would eat us.”
John opened the door and Sherlock lost his breath.
As Sherlock wasn’t immediately “rewarded” with another lash he continued: “I allowed myself to be slandered to keep you safe, I jumped of a roof to keep you - and Greg and Mrs. Hudson safe. I dismantled Moriarty’s network to keep you safe.....and I shot Magnussen to keep your Mary safe! Doesn’t it count at all? Sir?”
And then John pointed at a piece of paper, written in Mary's handwriting: “You might need a family-tree to keep track. Or maybe you don't. I needed one anyway, so Mary made this:
John smiled and said, “The three Carridebs?”
Finally he sat back against the wall and closed his eyes. Absently caressing the hair of his dead brother and slowly Mycroft Holmes surrendered to the exhaustion and fell asleep.
The angel got back on his feet and shook his head, “The cabbie would have died within seconds after he challenged Sherlock. You gunshot-wound actually postponed his death, as it took some of the pressure away. The cabbie's aneurysm was seeping, as he spoke to Sherlock. Sherlock would never had reached the point in time, where he would have taken that pill. The cabbie would have been dead before that could happen..”
John did let go of Sherlock and smiled at Mycroft: “You are just jealous!”
John paused and Sherlock felt that he could interrupt now: “I know, John, I know that you left to look after Harriet, who had ...not been in a good position...after your mother died....and you didn't finish your education. That is why you never became an actual army-doctor, with the rank of major.”
“Do you want any thing else?”, wanted Mycroft to know.
“You wanted us to be here in the flat, because you had something to tell me, Sherlock.”, said John finally.
John looked at her, not really knowing what to do. “I...I just can't.”
And then Sherlock told about what he had remembered...and repressed for so many years. And as he told, he remembered more and more and then he stopped and said, “But that can in no way have been your fault, Mycroft. You were what, 14?.....And were were our parents in all that? And don't tell me that Rudy and Marilyn hadn't got the faintest clue, that Sherrinford was the real 'Peter Wiggins'...”
“Come for me!”
So...as John entered the flat with a plastic-bag in his hand, Sherlock was waiting for him...a bit impatiently, sitting in his chair, but pretending just to be in his Mind-Palace.
John was pale.....:”If it is somehow is contaminated.....she could just as well have killed me too!”
And John kept his promise. It wasn't easy to keep it as the day got rather busy. But after they had signed the papers, that officially made Sherlock into Rosie's other parent, and after they had celebration-lunch and had done several errands separately, they finally fetched Rosie and made dinner. Then Rosie had her bath, which included a lot of water-splashing and a very daring history from Sherlock's side about 'rubber-duck, the pirate'. Then Rosie was put to bed and John and Sherlock were finally sitting in the bed again. Rosie was sound asleep upstairs and they could hear her steady breath over the monitor.
“Oh..Sherlock” she said with her hand to her mouth and tears in her eyes. She had to admit that she had had some not so nice thoughts of triumph when Sherlock had disappeared in that plane. Being gone he couldn’t be a threat towards her life with John any more. And yes...she had had a suspicion that they had had a relationship before Sherlock had to jump. But that Sherlock’s love had been so deep that he had been prepared to sacrifice his own life and happiness just to make John happy.....Mary wasn’t sure that she could have been so self-sacrificing that she could have taken a step back away from John to ensure his happiness and let him live with Sherlock, yes even marry him...not to say that she wouldn’t have been able to help with a wedding if things had been reversed. And it was first at the wedding that she realized that Sherlock indeed loved John. The whole first man speech had been a declaration of love towards John.
And here my naivety did set in. I thought that my investigations had gone unnoticed and that I had been able to destroy every sample I had from my family and I never dreamed of people using my unfinished nano-robots and designed genes used to enhance the human immune system...I had never given it a thought that my leaders would give my results away and use them in unethical ways on the other side of the world. In India.
And to make a long story short: The teacher, who was a tall beautiful woman in her forties, seduced me. She was the first person that I had intercourse with and that was...what it was. Nice enough, but not mind-blowing. She could be mistaken for a boy with her boyish figure and short dark hair and I found out that if she did ride me, turned around so I could only see her back, well it turned me on so much more. After we had sex two times, she had smiled and kissed me and said that it had been nice, but that she wasn't looking for something steady...and that she was my teacher. Sort of...and that we should continue just to play together in our little classical trio. The the elderly man moved to another town and...Sebastian took his place. He was tall and dark and very handsome...and I was fascinated. He studied chemistry as well and before I had thought more deeply about anything, he had arranged that we shared rooms at one of the colleges. I never told him that I could have chosen any college and any room. Mycroft would have helped me, but it was intentional that I lived by that elderly woman just outside the campus area. She was a relative and it was nice an quiet by her. I didn't need the noise and all the people. But I was swept away by finally having a friend. It might sound awkward, but I was even more socially inept than I was when you and I met. I don't really know how he came behind my 'defences', but he did. I did help Sebastian with his chemistry and to put it short, we became friends and then lovers."
But Sherlock answered: “Nonsense John...I do have eyes in my head: I’m too pale, too thin. You can cut cucumbers on my cheekbones. My chin is too weak and my mouth too feminine......I look like the outcome of a party for cousins that didn’t stop in time.....too inbreed! And I’m filled with scars! You on the other hand...” and now Sherlock reached out and touched John’s face gently: “You are like Leonardo de Vinci’s Vetruvian man! Not tall and lanky like me, but with perfect proportions. And you shine....like gold, and ....warmth. You are strong...and yet gentle...well most of the time.....and you are truly fascinating. You never stop to amaze me.....I can truly understand why Mary wanted you!”
“First we have Mary Shelly's diary here.”, told John, “She died at the age of 53, but had time to bring her things in order before that happened.” and then John showed Sherlock the photos from the authentic diary. There were bits and pieces in Mary Shelly's original handwriting, known from the manuscript of '”Frankenstein...or the modern Prometheus” and the there were bits and pieces from another book. Partly ruined and destroyed.
When he came to his senses the butt-plug had been removed. Ice-packs had been placed on his nipples and on his arsehole, his legs had been moved and the lower part of the couch had been lifted. He was lying rather comfortable on the top of the couch now.
“Oh God, no. Musgrave, the real building, is totally ruined. A house, partly burned and then left alone, would really crumble into a pile of debris. The Musgrave from the..hmm..events...was not that ruined. For an artistic effect. No I'm talking about the Holmes' Estate. The big house you saw, when you visited my parents. They have chosen to live in 'The Shooter's House' and the Estate is permanently rented by a hotel. But we do still have some rights and the hotel could be a suitable setting for a marriage.”
“No. The doctors can just make her last time a bit easier and painless.”
The boy was rescued. Not unharmed......the doctors would probably not be able to save his foot, which had been tethered to a wall with a much too tight manacle. And he had been raped. But he was alive unlike the rest of the children, who had been found buried in the soil of the garden behind the killer's house. Unfortunately the killer himself had vanished.
_______________________
“To bloody spy on Sherlock. And I would have disappeared 'discreetly' if I had accepted, wouldn't I?”
Mycroft nodded, “I know....”
Sherlock got a hard glint in his eyes, “I do not 'have' John. I think we are just as far away from each other as we were after Mary died. John told me, earlier, after we left 'Sherrinford', that he needed a pause and then he almost fled from me. So no.....I don't think we....”
John smiled a bit wickedly and pointed at Sherlock's still erect cock, “But you didn't ejaculate and you still have an erection!”
_________________________
They were watching a subtitled French film on BBC4. It was one of those surreal movies that left them both with huge question marks hanging over their heads by the end of it.
John returned to London the next day...carrying two boxes of the finest tea in the world. And an envelope that showed that he was to be “Sir John H. Watson”
The next call was to the DI. Sherlock was honest and told that he intended to commit suicide and there would be nothing suspicious about his death.
“I do intend to keep my foreskin. There is so much sensation lost by a circumcision.”, had Mycroft said.
And then he took a deep breath and continued, ”Andrea understands my needs, but it is only one aspect of my… inclination... That she accepts in our bedroom… Our house. She hasn’t any sadistic dispositions but puts a persona on, an act as a role-play… For my sake. If I need… something stronger or to live out my… other side… She accepts and actually sometimes encourages me to go to… Mmm... certain clubs...”
“I see..”, said John and decided that he would try to find that book and surprise Sherlock.
“Well, you can tell me more about it a bit later...I’ll have to change the bedding....there are bloodstains. And quite a lot!”
Sherlock smiled: “Well...it is the benefits of living in a metropolis. There are all sorts of clinics.....saloons. I’m having my crotch waxed every week.”
“Oh, God no! It is just.....You have been practically unconscious, drifting in and out, for the last month. But physically you got a bit better .....I've just worried so much about your mental health. The things you said, before we got you out of the hospital. The reason why you didn't want to live like that. That you were loosing your mind. How much do you actually remember since Christmas?”
But what did it matter now? Sherlock was dying. He kept on claiming that he hadn't had time to take any poison or substance while he was at Baker Street, but his 'values' of his liver, his kidneys and a lot of the other bodily values were just so wrong and out-balanced, that John feared that Sherlock lied and had taken something, as John had had a suspicion about in the beginning...or even worse. That Culverton-Smith somehow had made a chemical timer-bomb inside Sherlock.
Then John knelt on the floor between Sherlock's legs and took his hands, looked up and said, “Listen to me for a while without interrupting me.....and I'll give you the reason for this.....this picnic.”
“Green! Oh God! Green! Ma'am!. Please...”
can do is to make tea and....well mostly order take away and sometimes cook...”
Mycroft turned his head and smiled as Greg continued to massage his buttocks. The pain was fading into a dull throbbing, that helped Mycroft being grounded in his body. Made him fell alive and he said, “The power of it. The feeling of being in control. That everything is in it's right place. The thrill of having someone who would obey you.....there is a name for it. It is called 'top-space'....so Mr. Gregory Holmes-Lestrade. It turned out that you are a sadist and a 'dom' after all!”
Mycroft paused and covered his eyes with his hand, “It was my fault.....” and Sherlock saw to his horror that Mycroft actually sobbed. Mycroft had really let his shields down.
After they had dried their eyes and had stopped laughing, even if it was hard, because every time they looked at each other, they would start again, they took the must needed shower and Sherlock headed towards Baker Street as John hailed a cab to get to the Diogenes' Club.
And then Sherlock smiled at Mycroft, “I've missed you!”
She looked at him, “That is not in your papers!”
John smiled, “You do know, then. That is what I plan to do to you. It is something that you have never experienced before and.....”
John had enough of Mycroft’s overly diplomatic approach, and he had to stop himself from shouting at Sherlock’s brother, but he kept his voice stern, but measured “Mycroft! Damnit! You aren’t talking to politicians and don’t have to weigh every damned word. Use the right words! Sadist… Masochist. It’s as if you’re ashamed! But it is not shameful to be a sado- masochist. As long as it is safe, sane and consensual! Sherlock and I have both accepted that you watch us… If we had a real problem with that we’d have destroyed every damned camera! Is that understood?”
I have borrowed a tiny bit from ACD's "The Adventure of the Dying Detective"
Sherlock wanted Sherrinford to be the one to find him. The other letter was just to tell that Sherlock had taken his own life...voluntarily. In case someone else than Sherrinford would arrive first.
Actually John felt a bit dizzy by now....it was just as if everything was spiralling out of control and he barely managed to tell some of Mycroft’s staff that he would have to leave in a short while and he didn’t know when he would be back and he of course would remember his phone.
And Mrs. Hudson had finally given in and admitted that she could use some help with the house. She had turned 89 after all and her grand-niece, Miss Sissons, came to live with her and help her. She was just as much 'not-your-housekeeper' as Mrs. Hudson and baked and cooked just as nicely as Mrs. Hudson. But she didn't drive the Aston Martin half as skilled as Mrs. Hudson and she had never been an exotic dancer. But it turned out that she could be just as bad-ass lady as her grand-aunt.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft with an abyss of hurt and sadness in his eyes, “You all seem to think, that I do not have feelings and sometimes even accuse me of that. When it is in fact the opposite: my feelings run deep and that I do not always show them, doesn't indicate that I do not feel them.....Just that I choose not to show the world, how vulnerable I am. So, now you can rant about 'sentiment' and 'love' and 'chemical effect'. All the things you have said to feel superior. Hurray, Mycroft, you have won: Yes...you are the smartest one....and yes you were right. Satisfied?!”
And Sherlock understood, “Of course.”
“Not corporally...no. It would be an 'Arctic climate' and isolation until my mother had decided that we had learned the lesson. But a spanking...never.”
Back in Mycroft’s guest room John sighed...he would have to make that phone call to Sherlock soon, but not before he had found a way out for him.
“Oh...I'm so sorry”, she almost sobbed.
Mycroft smiled as he took another sip of his whisky: “No....right now it would be too risky and I admit that the books did give it away. But who would have thought that you would actually find the only three books of hers amongst all the other books?”
Oh...the stretch and the burn. Not much, as Sherlock had been thoroughly prepared, but enough for Sherlock's mind to narrow down to the point where he and John were connected...and John had been right...of course...that Sherlock's prostate was sensitive and that it would be wise if Sherlock controlled where and when and how hard John's cock should hit that sweet spot.
“No, but it doesn't mean that I do not acknowledge my guilt. Just not towards a deity. Second reason for going in, was that I was the only one with the required skill-set. There could have been another person with similar skill-set...but he was tethered to a wall with iron manacles in Serbia !”
“Here...and I suppose it was after that that you invented your mantras?”
When they arrived, Leuris were already there and was in a deep conversation with Eshan and apparently showed him the different prosthetic feet, she had.
John just wondered if Mycroft had had time to change the cameras to a better quality...but a bit more than 4 hours would have been enough.....and in that case, Mycroft was in for a show!
Sherlock shook his head.
“We’ll need to talk, John” she said when he came home from the clinic one day later in May, a few days  after Mycroft’s visit.
Mycroft turned a bit, lying on his side, since she had finished applying the cream, “I feared something like: I would be naked, wearing a heavy butt-plug and with stripes from a whip on my buttocks and thighs and back. Wearing a 'humbler' and crawling on my hands and knees on a leash. And crawling in the corridors of Whitehall while everybody watched. And the worst part is that I would deserve every part of that punishment, because I betrayed your trust and had you humiliated so extensively.”
“No. But photos were made so you can recreate them.....I'm sorry Sherlock. But they were the most contaminated..”
And then Mycroft kissed her, pushed his tongue in her moth and she did let him. She was still an attractive woman, who visited the gym regularly. She looked younger than her age...and he looked older. She was mostly a sadist and he often needed to submit and enjoyed pain. They did fit together.....but never as a married couple.
John sputtered and pointed at the piece of technology, “What the bloody hell is that? A fucking ear-piece?!”
“Unfortunately, that man is not gay. He has been married for many years...and there is no way he could be interested in me...that way. So...shouldn't we, you and I, just continue this...'partnership'?”
“No!.....I tried to intimidate you. But then Magnussen came to the hospital and almost raped you. I heard every word he said, and then I understood. You would never be a rival to me. John likes sex too much...and even if you are like a drug to him....”
Sherlock frowned, “Are you telling me that a doctor would jerk off another man?”
_____________________________
“I agree....”
Sherlock spluttered, ”YOU were willing? YOU! It was my life....and...and...”
Sherlock had looked at John and just said, “It is maybe none of my business, but why do I have the feeling that that family has taken more care of Rosie than expected? That she has stayed by them far longer than...normal?”
But that was more than 15 years ago and even if they tried to keep control, it had been increasingly difficult until they official retired/were fired 5 years ago. At that point they decided that they could do more for people being up here in Scotland and secretly continue Mycroft Holmes work of preserving knowledge and 'wait for the storm to pass'. Whether 'the storm' would be a third World War or something different. And here we are. Holding our breath and waiting for the world to fall apart. The knowledge that we can gather from our allies all over the world, secretly send in coded messages about cook-book-recipes and pictures of cats and thus go unnoticed by the military, tells us that the tension is growing and that we are on the verge of a war. The rumours about facilities all over the world that should have made invincible super-soldiers tailor-made for this new sort of war, the guerilla-war, are unfortunately not just rumours. They are the truth. And how do I know? Because I have worked for such a facility more than 20 years ago. But more about that later. I'll stop for today.
Mycroft nodded and said, “And right now I feel as if I'm watching people rolling that powder-keg into place and as if they are beginning to fill it with black powder: North Korea. The tension in China. As always the Middle-East. People loosing their civil rights all over the world...even here in Europe. Politically turning even more towards the ultra-right. Brexit didn't do Great Britain anything good and since than the EU had been weakened. And voices talking about separating Scotland from England...they are still there. But it is still a feeling of uneasiness. I do not have solid proof...”
And in one swift movement that didn’t show that he actually was quite sore still, he was out of bed and went into the bathroom.
“Yes, Ma'am.”
“I...I fail to see the purpose of this, John....sir! I can understand why you want to punish me, but this is going to kill me, sir! I’m sorry....but doesn’t it count that I have saved your life many times.... sir?”
Here is my confession: I've worked for the Baskerville Facility. Four years from 2048-2052......without really questioning what we/they did. Being just as stupid as a genius can be and only being engulfed in my own little precious projects without lifting my head from my own work-bench or lab-table and look around to see what was done. I have three educations: I'm a doctor in medicine. A graduated engineer with speciality in nano-technology and a biologist with speciality in meristem propagation and gene-manipulation in plants. And one might expect that a man with my level of intelligence could be a little brighter than the average idiot and discover what was right under his nose. But I didn't. Well...to some extent I did. I found a way to discover things in old files, that I wasn't supposed to find out about. About my grandparents, who apparently had been involved in experiments at this very same facility too. I've never looked upon them as 'damaged'. To me they were just 'grandma' and 'grandpa'.....but looking back with adult eyes I can see it now. Most evident in my grandmother. She could really be two persons: A cold calculating version. And a softer version too. People outside our family would say that Mycroft had taken after his mother....at least the cold calculating personality. But grandpa could be those two versions too. He was just better at hiding it. Finding those hidden files about the experiments made in the 1950s and 1960s made me understand my grandparents better and their deep grounded hunger for being just a normal old couple. Even to the level, where that hunger made them seem cold and callous. As when they didn't question the fate of Eurus or discovered how damaged Mycroft and Sherlock had been. Siger and Violet had been so damaged themselves that they during my father's and my uncle’s childhood just managed to keep everything together in their own minds. Having no extra capacity for their own children. They got a lot better as time passed and they were the best grandparents you could wish for. But...there was always a distance and they were very private persons, but as a child, even a very brilliant one, you never questions such things, just accepts them.
And then John continued his ministrations: altering between licking and kissing and probing with his tongue. Sucking a bit at the puckered skin around Sherlock's opening. And John found, that his skill-set from using his tongue on a woman's clitoris and vagina wasn't that different from licking and nibbling and sucking and probing with his tongue at Sherlock's furled opening. The only thing John could taste was a very faint hint of the soap that Sherlock had used. Nothing worse......and his actions soon made Sherlock leak pre-come, even if John didn't touch Sherlock's cock or prostate at all.
John smiled a small joyless smile and answered as they had settled themselves in two of the chairs: “A broken telephone, a long 10 hour-ride on a train, something you and Sherlock had said and done on repeat in my head and a dream....”
“Just before you 'slipped under' again and remained unconscious for nearly 6 months.”, answered John.
John shook his head, “It is going to be one hell of a bloody good explanation for what he had put us through, if he thinks that I'm not going to let him pay for this in some way!”
“Well I’m glad he is not a virgin.....and thank you for telling me. It explains a lot. I’m glad that I finally got to tell Sherlock how I feel, but I would so much more like to tell him face to face. I now understand better his anxiety for rejection.....Does he know that you were going to tell me that part from his past...the rent boy past?....Because I knew about the drugs. What happened to Victor? I certainly hope that he didn’t get away with that kind of behaviour?”
“Third big mistake was that I had to jump from Bart’s in front of your eyes. I should have known that you would figure it out and come back too soon. I never intended you to actual witness my jump. But when Jim shot himself all the rest of my plans crumbled.....and I had only the last one left...”Lazarus”. I even tried to tell you....used present tense: “It
Now it was “Doctor” Watson, who was curious: “How often do you need to go?”
“Oh, I bet that the scientist in you liked the challenge and that you even provided the lady with a few improvements!”
John frowned, “Owed you? For what?”
When John came to his senses he was lying under the duvet together with a very naked Sherlock.
__________________
John hugged Sherlock, “Of course I will, Love. Of course!”
Greg reached for Mycroft's hand and smiled and said, “You do realise that you'll have to be 'Jack the Ripper' incarnated or something worse, for me to get mad at you?”
Sherlock’s remarks had been made as they had been in the mortuary, investigating another case. Before “The Fall”. A young drug addict had been found dead and everybody had been sure that he had just been one of those middle-class or working-class kids that had taken the wrong path......with all the obstacles that prejudice would provide him: single mother, poor education in overcrowded public schools, abusive “uncles” etc. etc. But Sherlock had just cast a glance at him and had said: “This lad, behind all those piercings and tattoos and the filthy clothes....he had had a lot of opportunities.....Go search for his parents amongst the old aristocracy!!!”
Hamish found out exactly how much his father, Sherlock, and his dad, John, had known about the situation in the world that morning in 2068, as he received a video-phone-call from Sherlock. Hamish was 57 at that time. Sherlock was 90. A lot of the family had managed to get to Sussex in January to celebrate Sherlock, but they had never mentioned to him how difficult it had been.
“Oh, John...I haven’t been a virgin since I was 16...but it is not always everything a big brother should now.....No it is because I do not want to harm you. I love you too much.....I’m an addictive personality. I do nothing by halves.....whether it was a dog, drugs, sex or solving mysteries. I’m a dangerous man, John....I would consume you!”
Mycroft loosened the restrains, removed his soiled tie and helped Sherlock to lie down on one of the beds. Mycroft curled himself around Sherlock's body. Not bothered by his own erection. It could wait.
Sherlock had accepted that John wanted to keep a few secrets regarding their wedding and was actually thrilled when it turned out where the wedding should be: the Orangery at Kew Gardens.Thanks to Mycroft, no doubt. Who else would have been able to get the place at such short notice, less than 4 months?
“Exactly!”
“Not quite.....your eating habits...They need adjustments!”
Sherlock had pointed out, as they both had passed the 70 year mark, that the eldest father in the world was 96 and that would leave them at least 26 years with sexual activity yet.
And it got easier to do the things, he was ordered to. He learned to organise his memories and finally the year he turned 9, Culverton had announced, that Sherlock 'was finished'...what ever that had meant...and it took many years before Sherlock saw him again.
The rest of Sherlock's body was just so...perfect...as he was standing there. Arms crossed. A bit lost in his own thoughts, apparently. From that nape-curl, over those broad shoulders, over the curve of his back, that showed his strength and down to that plush arse, that the fine wool of the kilt couldn't hide. An arse that could drive John mad with lust.....and John realised now that he was now totally erect under his kilt. It tented over his cock and the fine woollen fabric felt amazing against his exposed cock-head. The only thing that prevented the kilt from sliding apart in the front and show his erection, was the extra fabric and John would only have to move a bit before that fabric wouldn't be enough.
But there were several newspaper articles about 'that poor war-veteran' that had to live out there on his own. A lot of ladies had seen the war-veteran as a project, until he had told them, as he finally had met them, with rather harsh words, that he was fine and that he intended to live on his own, as he had seen enough misery among men during the war.
