“A powerful hallucinogen,” Violet interrupted, catching up with Sherlock. Her hand was over her mouth as she watched Sherlock carefully approach Mitton…
know? Oh God, you both knew. And poor feeble PTSD’ed John gets left in the dark again because he’s too fragile to handle bad news.”
After all, Sherlock had assured her that Mycroft had informed the CIA of her existence in England. Mycroft’s CIA contact had bluntly told him that she was England’s problem, not America’s.
Violet now looked more pea-green than grey but she said in a wobbling voice, “If they agree to protect Julia and Vivian, I’ll do it.”
,” Violet somehow always made it sound like she was calling him “jackass” whenever she called him “darling”.
He lowered his head, trying to hide his face in the collar of his great coat. He wished Violet would look away or climb down to give him a moment of privacy.
“Uhh…” Violet tilted her head to look up at Trager, wondering if this was some sort of sick joke. Biker gangs were not well-known for their tolerance. At all. “That’s your old lady?”
That entire exchange still set Donovan’s teeth on edge. But it hadn’t been Miss Smith’s barbs retorts that needled her. No, it was the way she had
John felt his bones turn into rubber as joy rushed through him upon seeing the woman standing in the doorway. “Oh thank God,” he scrubbed his hand over his face.
Sherlock grabbed her slight shoulders but she shrugged him off as she started scrolled through apps. He tried to grab her again, but she pushed him in the chest, hard enough to make him stagger. She backed away from Sherlock but stopped when she saw… something on the mobile. Something that made her entire body recoil in horror. Something that made her cover her mouth with her hand while exclaiming “Oh my God!”
John took Mary’s hand, more to restrain himself as Bodley flipped through several pages of paper. “Ah, yes, this way,” he said, leading them again as if he really did know where he was going and what he was doing.
Then he heard a chair scraping against the floor as it was being pulled out from his table. John opened one blue eye to see his best friend sitting in front of him.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock sniffed disdainfully. “I do not expect anyone to kiss my arse because I’m brilliant. I simply would appreciate it if people would just acknowledge that I am their intellectual superior and accepting that, then they do me the great favor of staying out of my way while I am Working.”
He then saw the mosaic Violet had stared quizzically at when she had come to interview for her position. A giant pomegranate.
He sternly told himself to suck it up. If Evie Payne-Ellis was found in one of those buildings, it would be well worth it.
The agents had emailed the recording to Mycroft immediately. They stood in front of his desk after they had “cleaned” the Lestrades’ flat, at parade rest, giving their findings in person.
Now he just felt out of his depth, a weight tied to Sherlock’s ankle before they threw him into the water. Even though he had been mentally cussing her out mere minutes earlier, John wished heartily that Violet had accompanied them to Paris.
As I said before, going forward, this won't be compliant at all with Series 4, but I will do nods and winks here and there. There were some lines and dialogue in Series 4 too beautiful not to pay homage to them.
“I made popcorn,” she shyly pointed at the opened bag of microwave popcorn on the coffee table next to two cans of fizzy drink that teenagers loved, but which  made John’s upset stomach clench up even more as he became aware of the scent of slightly burnt popcorn. “And I found this old American film that’s supposed to be funny…”
“What? No, oh God, no, don’t think that please,” Molly reached for him now, clasping his neck. “That came out utterly wrong… never think that again, you’re not a mistake, the baby’s not a mistake… I’m the one who is just completely making a pig’s ear out of everything. I thought
Mary supposed she could have left without drawing attention. But instinct caused her to become very still and very quiet.
It was only when the Great Detective had retired for the evening and the Watsons went to spend another uncomfortable, awkward night together in Mrs. Hudson’s flat, that Violet grabbed a tumbler and the bottle of scotch, then claimed Sherlock’s chair for her own. Turning on the television as a cover story in case Sherlock woke up, she then opened the metal box Mary had stolen from the Holmes estate.
Sherlock took his mobile out of his coat pocket and held it as if it were possessed. “I did,” he said faintly. Nobody could hack into his mobile. Not even MI-6, although Mycroft kept having them try on a routine basis. “Violet kept complaining about it so…” he stared dumbfounded at the Caller ID.
“Well, obviously I can’t tell her the full truth now, can I? Sherlock argued with mind-palace Molly.
Violet refused to look at Mary’s belly. She still thought it was a bit… convenient… for Mary to become pregnant again when her relationship with John had still been a bit unstable.
Sherlock screwed his face up then, like a spoilt child being disciplined for the first time in his pampered life, said “Fine,” in an utterly petulant voice.
Once the waiter disappeared, Violet whispered, “If Richard lost his mind, why did they let him have free rein?”
“Old friend of your mate’s… also knew your wife, back in the day,” he gave John a roguish wink. “We’re going to take a walk, you and me.”
“So I’ve been told,” she replied, just as coolly. “I’m OK with talking without the gun-pointing. Does that work for you?”
Sitting on her bed, ignoring the volley of Spanish curse words flying back and forth in the parking lot outside, Violet had closed her eyes and imagined her rows and rows of neat file cabinets. She wandered until she found the cabinet called “Useless Trivia.”
The moment in a game or opening when the evaluation shows that things are about to change, either towards an advantage for one player, or towards equality; a wrong move can be disastrous.
accent. I had expected Castille,” Violet peeled off her gloves, flexing her fingers. She studied her right ring and pinkie fingers, remembering how she had sprained them last winter, when the clinic had exploded… they had healed, but her pinkie always seemed a little crooked to her afterwards.
While she had slept, she deduced he must have gone out. He had dyed his hair back to black, for starters. It actually didn’t look too bad. There were also two Monoprix bags by his feet. She saw a loaf of French bread sticking out of one of the bags. There were two large plastic bottles of water next to the bag, one full, one three-quarters empty.
“I don’t think you do. Let me clarify for you. I know where you live. I know where your mother and father live. I know where your weekly support meetings take place. I know who your sponsor is. I know which Apple store you work at and I know where you are taking your computer classes at. If you breathe a word of this to
The screams came from a very posh-looking car, idling at the stoplights. A young woman was half-in, half-out of the vehicle, struggling to get whoever was trying to pull her back into the vehicle to let her go. Mary could see who held the woman, but she sprinted towards the woman while thinking:
Violet gave him one of her infamous bitchy little smiles, hiked up her bulky jumper, revealing the concealed holster. Smoothly, she holstered the Beretta 84F Cheetah instead.
He swirled the ice around in his glass. “Hey, Frankie, can I ask you something?” When she didn’t answer, he asked anyway, “Why us? Why our club? I mean… you know enough shit to bury this club. But you didn’t. You actually implicated yourself in our dirty shit. That is to say that the feds came after us for RICO you’d go down with us too.” He stared hard at the side of her head, willing her to turn and face him. When she didn’t, he huffed and said, “I’m not stupid. You’re obviously some sort of cop turned outlaw. I think it’s fair for me to ask, why us? Why involve my club and not some other?”
Sherlock had looked utterly confounded. “Whatever for? That money is yours. Do what you like with it. Set it on fire for all I care.”
As Mrs. Holmes fixed her smothering attention on Mary, John stood next to Sherlock. “How are you holding up?”
“So sorry,” Violet’s voice became husky and seductive instead. “Your Majesty,” she crooned as she unwound her legs and slid down his body. “I would hate to inconvenience you,” she trailed her fingers up the outside of his thighs. “With
“Fine, I’m fine, just… experiencing a ridiculous overreaction to a figment of my imagination, that’s all,” Sherlock murmured, his lips twisting up into a small smile. “You worry too much.”
Violet was not fine, but she was not in a panic. Not like she was last night. Even though she continued to mentally scream at Sherlock for behaving like a prick, she also berated herself for over-reacting. Granted, she still wasn’t thrilled about the existence of that picture of herself. But her nerves had settled down and her normal, pragmatic nature asserted itself once more.
“Genesis,” she burst out. When Sherlock looked down his hawkish nose at her, she explained, “The story of Cain and Abel.”
John buried his face in the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder for a moment before reaching up for Sherlock’s face again.
Marie looked down at Sweetie who plopped himself between Mary and Marie’s legs. Marie reached down to scratch Sweetie’s only remaining ear. The former bait dog wagged what was left of his tail and his pink tongue lolled out in contentment.
Except for John. He had stayed with Sherlock again for those six months after he had gotten shot… by Mary.
“God, you’re a cock,” John groaned, leaning his head against the wall. Still feeling Sherlock’s leather-clad knuckles grazing his own bare hand, John grew bold and lightly rested his fingers on top of Sherlock’s hand. “I really missed you.”
“That’s a good friend of my boyfriend,” Violet Smith said lightly, putting her hand on her giant floppy straw hat. The hat served a dual purpose. It kept the sun out of her eyes and it hid her face and hair from the prying world. Coupled with a pair of giant sunglasses, only her nose and lips were visible. “He’s very nice. Come along.”
She didn’t take Sherlock’s hand. Instead, she wrapped her arm around his thin waist as she never could in public in London because
“OK, I’m not, but he texted me. Told me to fetch you, said you’d be here.” A crooked smile appeared on his long face, “Said you ran away from home.”
“No body? No funeral service? No grave marker? Only an entry posted on Dr. Watson’s blog asking fans to respect their privacy during a very difficult time?”
“Alright, alright, I’ll clear the chapel but so help me, if there is only one body in there, you will hear from my superior.”
Bill sighed but didn’t fight it. He stood tall, squared his shoulders and put the violin on his right shoulder. Theatrically he whipped out the bow and posed it over the violin, as if to draw it across the strings. “OK?”
John’s backside caught the sharp edge of the square sink. He bit back a swear word and clumsily sat down on the toilet as Wiggins shut the door as quietly as possible.
In the same trembling voice, Susan called out, “Could you, err, come help me? My legs went numb and I feel weird, all shaky and…” her voice trailed off.
He tossed the mobile into the seat Sherlock had vacated and slowly drove back home, hoping maybe Sherlock hadn’t heard his parting shot…
“Take John upstairs and attend to his wound before it becomes septic,” Sherlock intoned magnanimously as he rose. Snatching the pyjamas and towels out of Honoré’s arms, he brushed past the young man, off towards the tiny shower.
Watching the paramedics work on John was worse than any pain or torture Sherlock had ever endured. He squeezed his eyes shut just as they started cutting John’s shirt and vest open so they could attach the AED pads to his chest. His treacherous memory recalled perfectly what he had shouted at John in the shadow
Molly refrained from tartly reminding her boss he was about to be short a pathologist for twenty-six weeks when she went on maternity leave.
risks. When I enter a dangerous situation, I have already determined a minimum of ten possible outcomes
He had made that mistake once, nearly thirty-three years ago. And he was still paying the price for that error.
“Yes,” Violet breathed. Choosing her words carefully, she said “I feel like I can unequivocally be myself when I’m with him.”
Violet turned away from Mycroft, covering her face with her hands, then sliding her hands up her face to claw at her hair, obviously trying to think. Then she shook her head, tears still spilling from her eyes, hot and angry. “We’re wasting time; we need to go find John.
“Uh, yeah,” John cleared his throat and squeezed Mary’s hand. “Getting there, just need to sort some things out, so we’re going to stay here tonight and have a long, overdue talk. And also keep an eye on Stone and Sweetie over there, as Mary keeps calling him,” John nodded at the recovering bait dog, wrapped up in the soft blanket like an eggroll. The rescued bait dog had also been bathed and had his many wounds bandaged. Now that the dirt and the matted fur and dried blood had washed away, the battered dog appeared to be some sort of bulldog.
Shivering, Violet pulled on her gloves as she followed Sherlock down the narrow, damp alley. She kept looking over her shoulder, half-expecting to see Holy Peters behind them. She also feared he’d be in front of them, cutting off their escape.
Violet, meanwhile, had frozen to the spot. “What is this?” she struggled for a conversational tone as Rucastle strode past her.
He ignored her. He snatched up his umbrella, in case the summer rain shower the meteorologist kept threatening the nation with all day actually came.
Violet instead decided to teach him simple arithmetic by using coins.  Practical as always, Violet had decided if she was going to be stuck being this little monster’s tutor, she might as well teach him something useful.
Then her stomach immediately rebelled after eight years of eating lightly and blandly because she couldn’t tolerate the greasy, starchy English foods drowned in creamy sauces.
“Yes, but it has be backed up by Violet Hunter’s testimony. Without her, all the documentation and research doesn’t mean shit. There has to be a living, breathing witness.” There was an uncomfortable beat then Marshall said, “You need to send her back here. She may be more willing to cooperate with us, turn over what Moriarty gave her than with you.”
John wrestled it out of his jeans pocket. “OK, Sherlock said they are on the move, towards the garage, away from the house,” John squinted at the small print on his mobile screen.
“No,” Mycroft said automatically as Sherlock said at the same time “It was Mycroft,” as he dropped his cigarette behind his back.
The floor-length dress itself was a mermaid-style gown, skin-tight through the waist and thighs but billowing out around her knees. Violet had become quite slender during her time in England due to a combination of kickboxing, yoga and constant anxiety of discovery, which all whittled away her appetite. And yet, Mrs. Toller could barely do up the hidden zip on the right side of the frock. The dress felt like it was one size too small for her. Once Mrs. Toller got the zip up though, Violet immediately felt short of breath. She was sure her ribs were going to snap from the pressure of the gown compressing her abdomen.  She had never felt more uncomfortable in her life, and she’d once had pepper spray misted into her face during her training at Quantico  just so she and the other cadets would know  what that felt like.
Finally, finally she found what she was looking for… her eyes locked on a single woman, sitting in a 2015 Lexus IS, texting.
She had been grateful to have an excuse not to finish her tea. Her stomach was still off from the other day, and seeing the eviscerated cat last night had not helped one bit. During her FBI career, she had been exposed to crime scenes and so had witnessed blood and guts before. Something about that poor dead kitty though made the meagre  meal she had eaten come right back up again.
. John thought. There was just something endearingly pure and heartrending about Sherlock’s temperament, if one subtracted the staggering genius from it, of course. The defensive detachment camouflaged Sherlock’s intense curiosity about everything and everyone. The eccentricity and fierce intelligence helped him keep those would do him harm or distract him from his precious Work well away from him. He had learned the hard way how necessary it was to hide his greatest vulnerability away from the world. Bury it under layers of icy detachment, odd mannerisms and strange hobbies.
“Ah, excellent,” Sherlock grinned. “My ruse worked. I knew Violet wouldn’t be able to resist nosing about. Come along,” he headed down the skylight. “I want to make sure they don’t scratch or break anything, plus we must discuss this fascinating case further. Tea?”
John then saw how the dog’s legs stiffened and how his hackles rose as he stared Sherlock down. Then the beast started growling savagely again.
In her faux-British accent, she immediately replied, “While she has absolutely no issue with homosexuality, she herself would never knowingly be caught up in anything so sordid as being involved with a bisexual man.” She blinked. Then in her real voice, she said. “Guess I answered my own question.”
“I mean,” John looked up at the stone pillars welcoming guests into the cemetery. “This is something I’d wear when mowing the lawn or pulling weeds out of the flowerbed in the back garden. Do Americans really dress like this or are you taking the piss out of me?”
“Annie was also supposed to testify in front of Congress. She picked up where Agent Hunter seemingly left off after she and her team were burned in England,” Marshall sat in his office at the J. Edgar Hoover Building. His blinds were shut, the overhead lights off. His door was also locked. His Glock Model 23 lay right next to a cup of forgotten coffee, the artificial creamer congealing on top of the cold beverage. “Annie’s investigation led all the way up to Woodhouse and when Hunter re-surfaced, led her across the pond to the Earl of Winchester.”
“Because it was an illegal black site not officially sanctioned by the United States, it is an elementary deduction that it was heavily guarded.”
very clearly what those first few days of uni had to be like for him. Remembered Sebastian Wilkes at the Bank of England laughing about how they all hated him at uni. Remembered that split-second flash of hurt that had appeared on Sherlock’s face before he murmured  he “merely observed.”
“I’ll talk to her,” Mary used her best and gentlest “Mary Morstan” voice, even though she looked more like “AGRA” at the moment, with her heavily made-up eyes and her platinum hair slicked back. “It’s OK, boys, I’ve got her, could someone bring me a first aid kit? She’s got some scrapes on her hands. And, perhaps a drink? Whisky?”
The metal doors swung open behind him. He turned around, back ramrod straight, and kept his face immobile as he regarded his baby brother as he searched for… something. Anything. A clue to what he was thinking. Or feeling.
warm. When she was fully awake, she rolled her eyes, a little irritated but mostly amused. Sherlock must have carried her from the cab to the sofa. But he couldn’t have been bothered to take the extra effort to get an actual blanket for her.
! He never fucking said anything, never fucking did anything, just ate antacids like they were sweets and keep doing The Work, the Christ-Almighty Fucking Work.”
Violet reached into her back pocket and pulled out the pocket knife. She unfolded the blade. “I said we’d let you live. I never said we’d let you continue being pretty.”
“Miss you too, love,” John gave her one last kiss, a quick peck. “See you soon,” he finally grabbed the car door handle and let himself out. He walked around to the backseat and grabbed his suitcase and rucksack, the nice one that had a special compartment for his laptop. “Love you,” he said to Mary before shutting the back door. “Love you both.”
“Yeah, OK,” John reluctantly agreed but he pursed his lips tightly together. After last night, he wasn’t so sure Violet
“Phase Two, then,” Mary said, going to retrieve the black motorcycle helmets hanging on the garage walls.
So when Jack Woodley appeared out of the blue last May, looking for her, Violet had taken a desperate chance, a shot in the dark. After sending an SOS text to Sherlock and telling Molly to go to the ladies’ room and stay there until Mary fetched her, Violet asked Mary for help…
And nearly fell over again as the tide roared in, coming up to mid-calf. Somehow, Violet managed to stay on her feet as the rushing water rocked her. But instead of completely receding, the water covered her feet.
The profiler thought as she continued:  “I’m far more valuable than a pathologist’s baby, don’t you think?
John batted Sherlock’s hand away. “Well, now you know how it feels when you disappear into your mind palace; you don’t answer me when I’m trying to talk to you.”
“Oh? I didn’t know he stopped by your place. Nice of him,” Violet kept her eyes focused straight ahead. “You know what, this is stupid, walking. I’m hailing a taxi.”
Shaky, ashen-faced, slightly nauseated and stricken with survivor’s guilt, John had sat in front of a larger mirror while a nurse held her compact mirror so he could see the reflection from the larger mirror. When he finally saw the extent of the damage caused by the sniper’s bullet, the first thought that flashed through his mind had been
“That would be lovely, thank you,” Mycroft had already turned his attention back to his fascinating novel, which he was reading in the original French, of course.
Once she saw Sherlock engage Rucastle in conversation, she then turned her back on the boys and checked her mobile:
“Calling a cab now,” Dupin was already dialing. “It will be waiting for Dr. Watson at the Notre Dame main entrance. Honoré will accompany him back to the hotel. I also texted Mycroft, asking for some extra security at your hotel, but I didn’t tell him why,” Dupin put the mobile to his ear, listening to it ring. “I’m surprised no one has broken in, tried to steal your documents.”
perfume drifted towards him. He heard the annoying sound of metal scraping against the concrete as Mary dragged a deck chair beside him.
There was a rap on the door. Lestrade ran a hand over his silvery head as the door opened. A young woman stuck her head in. “Sir?” she held up three blue envelopes, heavily embossed with official seals. “Waiting on these?”
as well as following me bringing Dr. Watson back to the hotel,” now Dupin sounded insufferably superior, “that they did not have enough people to guard them. And they did not observe my spies following them, which is how we found their bolt-hole.”
, you know that?” he leaned forward, his face close enough to hers for a kiss. “Weak. Pathetic, just another woman in
“I am so sorry,” Molly flushed. “I am such a selfish cow, how are you doing?” Molly reached over and gripped Maggie’s hand sympathetically.
But she agreed to Italian take-away and Mary pulled over again so she could call in an order to an Italian restaurant near the little terrace house she and John lived. She ordered enough food to feed the nation of Monaco. Violet ordered Italian wedding soup and breadsticks.
“You don’t understand, previously it was just business, keep the money flowing in. Sherlock Holmes got in the way of that. Now that both his grandsons, Richard and Jim, are dead, it’s personal. Everything will be about revenge now.” She looked at her mug of beef broth. “I didn’t know that
Eventually Jack Woodley had been vanquished. Vanquished, meaning that she had shot him in the head multiple times after he had captured her and tortured her. Sherlock and John had of course found her and actually rescued her. But Violet was the one who shot Jack to death. Not only had Jack killed her entire team, which now included Bear, but he had helped torture her brother to death. Before Sherlock and John had arrived, he had gleefully showed her pictures. So she gladly pulled the trigger on Jack once Sherlock had freed her.
“And he got away with it scot-free. Besides,” Violet snorted derisively “A suicide mission in Serbia? Please. If Moriarty hadn’t made his big-screen debut in Piccadilly, Sherlock would have slipped out of Serbia probably before the private jet would have touched down. This is the man who survived a nosedive off of St. Bart’s.”
He was just as tall as he was wide. Violet recalled the enormous portraits of Henry VIII she had seen  while taking a solitary tour through London’s many art museums. The similarities were uncanny. Red hair, little piggy eyes, huge enormous belly...
“You heard him,” John ordered Dupin and Honoré. “Asus. The RHL has probably realized we’re not coming to the above-ground cemetery now.” To Sherlock, he growled, “The camera, Sherlock, what kind of camera did that cow own?”
Damning the expense, John hailed a cab, his rucksack over his good shoulder, his gun tucked into his waistband, covered by a red and black plaid shirt Mary had bought him and his old black motorcycle jacket. He watched Baker Street disappear behind him and turned around only when the cabbie turned the corner and Speedy’s awning wasn’t visible any more.
“The merchandise,” Sherlock said blandly, absolutely unconcerned about the chaos he had no caused. “I’m not interested in you lot, presuming you have an alibi for your whereabouts today. See, my best friend’s sister was murdered today and that makes me a bit cross. I’m twelve minutes and forty-five seconds away, by the way.”
Victor drove around the dodgy neighborhood several times, looking, searching, longing to find him one more time, to say
Knowing he would follow her, Mary took her time searching for her mobile, even though it was safely in her handbag the entire time.   “Oh, Dr. Bodley,” Mary said as if the thought had just crossed her mind. In reality, she had been waiting for this opportunity all day. “You said you specialized in car crashes. I was wondering… there are so many rumors flying about, you see, but the NICU nurse that was killed?  Jennifer Boyle?”
Mary turned the car off and covered her eyes with her hand, still not sure if she was going to vomit. She had been in tight situations before. But she had been younger, fitter and had nothing to lose back then. Now she was older, still slim and active, but had lost two things that meant the world to her and felt like she was about to lose the third.
She then snatched up a pen and devoutly hoped Sherlock hadn’t used it recently to stir his tea (or something worse) as she used it to secure her hastily bundled up bun.
“We lived in nice flats when Mum and Dad had jobs and shitty ones when they’re on the dole,” Susan had explained when Mary took her shopping for clothes appropriate for a young girl. Violet’s old things were too far formal for a fourteen year old. “So… y’know, we mostly lived in shitty flats or bedsits. Sometimes in spare rooms if one of their friends had the space and didn’t mind a kid,” she had turned red-faced as she stared at T-shirts with funny slogans on the front and brightly-coloured skirts without really seeing them.
. Besides,” Sherlock opened his car door, preparing to step onto the pavement. “This won’t take long. Dupin?”
Finally, Violet rescued him, somewhat. “For shame,” she shushed Macpherson as she put her cup of punch on the mantle. She crossed over to Sherlock and sat next to him, “You’re not going to drop him,” she murmured to him, knowing what a huge moment this really was.
Extremely Interesting Fact: Mary had attempted to hide her involvement with Maggie’s abrupt sabbatical from Pediatrics when she reported to me what she had learned from Molly. Mary’s voice had pitched up one-quarter of an octave as it always does when she lies.
The hostess blinked at him. Then she muttered “Bloody ‘ell,” in a pure Cockney accent as she jerked her arm out of his hand and stalked off.
He stoutly reminded himself he had always wanted Sherlock to find someone. So he wouldn’t be alone. So parasitic twats like Victor and The Woman would stop using him and draining him.
“World-champion,” was her muffled response. Then she sat up, pushing a chocolate curl out of her eyes. “Hi.”
“More than you do,” Sherlock fixed his mercurial eyes on his older brother. “Spoken to Elizabeth lately? I heard she got married recently? To a
“I did,” Mycroft whispered back. “I threw him to the floor, had my knee to his chest and bloodied his conk. And I’ll thrash him at school and I’ll do everything I can to make him stop once and for all, I promise.” Mycroft clumsily wiped the tears off of William’s face with the hem of his T-shirt. “I was there for you before. I’ll be there for you again. I’ll always be there for you.  This was my fault.**”
“We’re fine, everyone’s fine,” John trotted after Sherlock, Dupin and Anthea. “Why are you calling me on a prepaid mobile instead of your Smartphone?”
“Shoot to kill then,” Violet swiveled from her right knee to her left, facing the back now. Silently she sent a prayer of gratitude that her body was cooperating as she lifted the shotgun to her shoulder, aiming it at the backdoor. “These are not good guys, OK?”
“Do stop being childish,” Mycroft heaved a long suffering sigh. “You may be the only one I can speak freely and sensibly with about my brother. John won’t listen to reason. He’s too emotional, and Mary, well… I’ll explain Mary in a bit.” He gestured to the dog. “May I exit the vehicle without worrying you’ll issue the command to have Gladstone attack?” He held his hands up. “I’m unarmed and I’m alone, Agent Hunter.”
All pretense of mockery gone, Jim Moriarty ran down the pavement at a dead run, pushing people out of his way. He even pushed a middle-aged woman into the street, into incoming traffic. Fortunately the driver of the Honda Accord was able to swerve, missing her by inches. Unfortunately the Accord slammed right into a black cab.
During the day, John stoutly told himself this, reminded himself He Was Not Gay. It was the trauma, it was the shock, it was fucked up, plus to pursue this line of action would cost him everything important. His relationship with his best friend. His relationship with Violet. His unborn child.
With his nose a millimeter away from the glass jar, Sherlock peered at the head inside. “All I see is hair,” Sherlock straightened and pointed to the mousy strands floating in the yellow fluid, obscuring her face. “How did you deduce it was your friend, Marie Devine?”
“Wait, I-” Sherlock barely remembered to support the baby’s floppy head before Mrs. Holmes stood up. He could feel Molly’s eyes boring into him so he stammered, “Maybe Molly should...”
“I’m still processing it, I just can’t… he mixed tranquilizers with alcohol and… well, Sherlock and Violet found him in time and he’s going to be OK, but…”
Two car lengths behind him, a boring little beige sedan followed. “That ‘im?” the passenger asked the driver. “That the copper?”
The faux English accent confirmed it. “Hello, Mary, how are you?” Violet Smith asked as she stopped her run, lifting her right leg  behind her so she could stretch her quad muscles.
me anything,” Violet squawked. “If I had a hacking program that let me break into any security system, why wouldn’t I have used it for myself? Deleted the records about my so-called “betrayal” to my country? Or hack into my US bank accounts when the feds froze them? Or hack into my British bank accounts when
Edward whipped his head around. “Daddy!” he squealed, dropping his sandwich. Gladstone sniffed it and then gobbled it up. Edward meanwhile climbed over Sherlock, over the sofa and into Rucastle’s waiting arms.
John had to slam his hand over his mouth to stifle a giggle, “Trying to hide how worried he is and failing miserably. If it wasn’t Mycroft, I’d feel sorry for the bugger.”
“Cleaning lady found the body when taking out the rubbish. Then chundered,” she pointed to a puddle of sick not very far from the bin, “Then called 999. Body’s burnt up like the others.”
“Oh, yeah, like a horse. Her dress showed a lot of skin, guess I should have noticed she was pretty much all muscle, but…” she trailed off, thinking about that sparkling diamond ring. “I was distracted, I guess.”
“I know I have to produce the goods for you to even consider what I’m asking,” she repeated. “Which may be very soon,” Violet re-read the card, making sure she wasn’t give seeing things. “Unfortunately, this means we may need to give Mary a stay of execution, providing she survives.” Before Mycroft could say anything else, Violet ran off, back towards the interrogation room, forgetting she couldn’t get in without Mycroft swiping his identification badge.
“Oh, but you already so cleverly figured out that I had sent you and your best agents on a wild goose chase across Europe while an imposter stayed here at 221B in my stead,” Sherlock goaded him. Slyly, he added, “Of course, it took you a little more than two months to deduce that. Slipping at last in your dotage, dearest brother? Tell me, does Type 2 Diabetes affect mental capacity? I simply cannot remember.”
Violet made her move. She dug her hand into the sofa cushions, pulled out her gun and pointed it at the Professor. Irene had stuffed it in the couch during the day for easy access if necessary.
She lowered her hands and balled them into fists at her final outburst. Then her mouth dropped into an O as her arms fell to her sides as she watched Sherlock lazily toss a memory stick she had never seen before up and down.
Sherlock seemed to stir himself. ”No. Of course not,” he said crisply, sitting up, smoothing his jacket down, despite the fact he had been wearing it for the past two days. A hand down the lapels was not going rub away the large wrinkles now. “I wouldn’t abandon her. I also don’t trust her to stay put either.”
“Apologies,” Sherlock did not sound even the tiniest bit contrite. “However, it was Jim’s flamboyance and Richard’s instability that undermined the Cult of the Consulting Criminal. I merely finished the job the twins began with their
“Yes, of course. Your delicate nerves shattered upon seeing my brother’s face and you simply forgot the basic functions of assassination. Where is Violet?”
“Molly, do you think I’m upset that you stayed with Mary instead of going with Violet to get Henry?” Lestrade’s eyes widened. “I swear to you, I’m not. You were in an impossible predicament.”
Violet quickly learned that The Woman was just as observant as Sherlock, maybe even just a little bit more.
“If you three teenage girls are quite finished having your fun,” the words fell out of Mycroft’s mouth like ice cubes, “I would like to let you know I would not have bothered to bring this case to your attention Sherlock, if it didn’t have to do with Moriarty.”
Sherlock gave her the stare that meant she was deducing at lightning speed -eyes snapping left and right and up and down, cracking down every barrier- and smiled slowly.  “Interesting.  Humiliation.  I see.”
John ignored her and the sudden thump of her heart.  She slipped over to the stove and squinted at the tacky yellow goo clinging to the surface of their kettle.  “I have no clue what you’re talking about.”
“Really?” John called into the phone, having snatched it once Sherlock started going off on a rude tirade about Molly being distracted by juvenile arguments with her immature excuse for a lover.
Beth clamored to oblige, practically ripping the zipper at her back in order to free herself of the thing, tossing it away from her and repositioning herself on her knees.  Her bralette was a delicate shade of lacey pink, not quite matching her sparkling purple pants, but the true distraction were her silver heels, barely clinging onto her feet.
John glared at her reflection in the bathroom mirror.  This was exactly why she did not bother with makeup.  She could appreciate it as much as the next girl but whenever she tried to do more than mascara, she always managed to make herself look like she had been punched once in each eye by someone with pink tinted brass knuckles.
“I knew you would.”  John shifted back into her chair and slipped onto the arm of it, cradling her head against the back.  “Do you actually know my boyfriend’s name and just refuse to say it?”
John shook her head and nearly tripped trying to step into the floral dress in her strappy heels while covering her tits.  “Bored of me telling you what to do already?”
John sighed.  Sherlock could be so difficult.  Either way, she did not want to talk about it.  Message received.
“How do you even know about that option?” John mumbled, grabbed for her phone, and contemplated if Martin would even see it.  It was ridiculous to think it would bother him if he did, but it sounded like something Martin would comment on.  Well, the man must have played truth or dare at some point in his life.  “Why?”
“Martin!” John threw up her hands, a bit of whisky falling across her glass.  She licked the streams from her fingers and nodded.  “Don’t know why androgynous.  Maybe it’s the lack of beard and the eyeliner.  Guys look great in eyeliner.”
The dead man was naked, which made it easy to see his penis was completely missing, the wound cauterized by what Sherlock deduced as a homemade blowtorch.  Lestrade could not hold back his hiss of sympathy when John assured him it had not been post mortem this time.
“Maybe we’ll see you again some time,” Alex smiled and rubbed her hands over Beth’s back, dipping her fingers under her bralette and down her stomach.  “We’ve been here a while and I think I need to take this one home.”
Ready for this…. What do you do when you found ‘the one’ and they are what everyone tells you you should want, the white picket fence and 2.5 kids served up on a silver platter… but you want more?  What if you don’t know what the ‘more’ is?  What if you don’t like white fences? Or want the kids?  Do you throw away everything people tell you you want, the thing that in itself is so wholly deserving and good, to chase after an indefinable fantasy?  Or do you love them as much as you can for as long as you can because the real world doesn’t believe in fantasies?  Is the grass greener?  Or do you like running through fields?  What if there is nothing there?
“How right you are!”  Morality’s laughter filled the room and she let Richard go with a hard push that almost made him topple backwards.  She then stepped towards the only empty spot at the table, opposite John.
With no room for argument, John lifted her duck-filled plate from the table and carefully set it down on the ground.
John thought about texting back, knowing Sherlock would probably be rude if she responded herself, but Lestrade texted immediately.
“Jim,” John begged, inching her way up Moriarty’s body, her eyes on the gun hovering near Richard’s mouth.
Air was easy to obtain but the lace cut into John’s neck.  Sherlock was close enough to make her vision blur, staring down at her with an edge to her small smile.
“Delicious.”  Moriarty cooed.  “Let’s eat!  It is Dick’s last meal after all.  It is a good one.  Duck!”  John grit her teeth and glared at her cup.  “Oh, don’t look like that.  I used my poison on him, you’ve got nothing to worry about.”
Martin probably would not mind the chaste kisses -especially since Beth was decidedly female- but John had a feeling she was going to leave it out anyway, along with the blow jobs and gay fingering.  There was no need to invite comments.
“Thank you, Molly,” John sighed and looked to Sherlock, now curled up and kicking both legs  over the back of the couch.  “That’s… very disturbing, but I’m sure very helpful.”
John flushed again and her eyes darted to Sherlock.  She was still immobile but her fingers were twitching.  Already bored with observation it seemed.
“Any of that,” John spat out, grabbed her mug again and stared at the nearly empty bottom.  She instantly got up and went to make a fresh batch.
“Moriarty,” John shuffled to her knees and slipped between Moriarty’s legs.  “Don’t.  Listen to me.  Please just listen to me.”
“Really?” Sherlock drawled, spun around to a seated position, curled her legs beneath her, and squatted on the balls of her feet.   Her pose was complete when both hands slapped together under her chin.  “Then tell me, how did Monty-”
John could confidently say she looked rather fit even without any extra help by coloring her face in like a picture book.  But Sherlock only ever seemed to compliment her whenever it was Sherlock doing the makeup.  It was not her fault Sherlock always looked like sex on heels -even when in flats- and achieved forever even wing tips.
John had her moment.  She shoved her head into Moriarty’s throat and bit down.  When Moriarty yelped in pain, John shoved her knee into the woman’s gut.  The gun dropped and John leapt to grab it, but Stevie was quicker than she gave him credit for.  With one swift kick, he sent her directly to the ground with all the wind knocked out of her.
John’s eyes flickered to the door, hoping Sherlock would not deduce her mind well enough to hear that horrible analogy -no doubt delightfully willing to point out the flaw with the comparison of a wide, wet tub holding all the floppy pollocks, necessitating John defend her active sexual history and her perfectly tight vagina.
John pushed her face in further and allowed Moriarty her fun, right up until the last lick across her mouth and over her cheek.
This was no normal club.  There was a dance floor but it was small and everyone was packed tight together, rubbing up against each other to the sultry music, not one person actually dancing.  The rest of the area was taken up by small dens and alcoves filled with couches and people in various states of undress doing nefarious acts to one another, each surrounded by hoards of rapt audience members.  The bar was the best lit and there John could see couples -some in more than just pairs of two- in costumes of leather and lace beyond reasonable levels for any one outfit.  Notably, one man held a girl at his feet with a metal link chain connected to a necklace looping around her neck above her schoolgirl crop top and skirt.
Moriarty stared into her eyes with something akin to victory.  She licked her lips, caressed John’s cheek, and said, “No.”
The halter top meant her scar would be on full view but she was long past the days of ever trying to hide it.  It was well earned after all and she learned to brush off questions she did not feel like answering.  Clothing for women always tended to cut in a way that exposed at least part of it.
“Ah!  Good point.” Sherlock spun towards her bedroom, leaving John to look at her half finished hair in bafflement.
It was a bit of a stumble but Beth pulled herself up and slumped with her face in the crook of Alex’s neck, nippling lazily at the skin there.  John licked her lips and looked at Sherlock, wondering if they should take their leave before things became even more inappropriate, but Alex spoke before she could.
“I am aware you are not homophobic.  I simply ask because I’m curious.  Does your-” she sneered, “-boyfriend, have anything to do with it?”
John rolled her eyes but closed them and allowed Sherlock to work her miracles.  “I don’t know why you bother letting me try by myself.  You always end up fixing it whenever we go undercover.”
John chucked her mug on the countertop and glared at the tea leaves floating in the bottom.  When had they last washed all their mugs properly instead of just rinsing them out?  There were quite a few stains.
John sighed and let it go, too drunk to care.  “You are playing this wrong.  Done.  Not that anyone will see unless they look.”
The terrified housekeeper swept into the room a moment later with a tray full of food and drink.  Moriarty clapped her over and the poor young thing nearly tripped to get to the madwoman fast enough.  The girl locked eyes with Richard sympathetically but there was nothing she could say with Glenn right behind her.  As soon as she finished plating John’s duck she tried to run for it.
“Your turn to ask me.”  Sherlock sat beside her, returning to leaning against her own chair. “Truth.”
“Don’t blame me for my boredom, John.”  Sherlock flipped upside down in her chair and pulled at her short black locks, as if hoping she could grow Medusa’s snakes for experimentation’s sake.  “Speaking of boring, how was your date with Miguel?”
John nodded, not sure how far this lesson was going to go.  They could call schoolgirl and her leash holder over to take notes.
“So, it was the audience that held you back,” Sherlock murmured coquettishly.  She rolled out a graceless arm and scraped a sharp finger under John’s jaw.  “You’re only comfortable with me.”
The man threw up his hands and chuckled to his friends.  “No need to be a cunt.  I’m only giving you a compliment.”
Knees collided with the hard floor with a loud smack.  While ducking down, John threw an arm over Sherlock, calculated how long it would take to reach her gun from the floor, and started to scan the room for threats -when she caught Sherlock smirking.
The minute they entered, Sherlock tugged John by the arm into the handicap.  Then she contorted her arms and started pulling at the ties behind her back.
John opened the registration page and held it out to Sherlock.  “Too late.  I dared you.  You have to do it!  And with a real profile this time too.  Nothing you can use to phish people with for a case.”
Martin would not be widely described as the adventurous type.  He liked what he liked and change was not really an easy option.   When their sexual relationship had started to dwindle, Martin reassured her he was alright with it.  Frankly, John was too.  Except, having sex twice a month was not exactly normal, for her especially.  She had a healthy sex drive before, but age could slow something like that down.  Martin was not a teenager anymore and she was no longer at her peak, she supposed.
John looked up and smiled wide at the sight of all six feet of her boyfriend entering the room, carrying a bag from her favorite sandwich shop.   Even on the weekend he was still dressed for work -collared shirt and trousers- with his brown hair swept back and matching beard combed into place.
John reached for her neck but her eyes flickered to her pocket.  She had remembered to undo the knots before bed and slipped it into her shorts.
Moriarty’s fingers stroked the choker as she whispered reverently, “Sherly made me promise not to tie you up in the bedroom.  But you wouldn’t tell her.  No.  No, you wouldn’t.”  She moaned and grabbed her by the necklace, shoving her fingers under the knots keeping it together, and yanked.  John choked at the lack of air and scratched at the suede cutting into her neck.  “I could make you fuck me.”  She breathed out a happy laugh.  “Or maybe him or him.”  She pointed the gun at Stevie and Richard.  “You wouldn’t tell her because she has a delicate little heart, our Sherlock, doesn’t she?  You wouldn’t want her to know how much you would get off on letting me fuck your brains-”
John grit her teeth, reminding herself Sherlock was not actually a heartless witch of a woman and that she just did not like to be called out on having emotions.  Scared of intimacy, that one.
Sherlock pouted, squinting in the firelight.  “Stockholm syndrome?  That’s your fantasy?”  She threw up her hands as if someone threw some horrible mundane pair of socks at her head.  She bonelessly slumped back into her chair.  “Fuck him or die?”
Exposed hip bone brushed against forearm and John jumped back to lean against the sink.  “That does get confusing for people but they shouldn’t assume.  I’m straight and you’re not interested but people think you are.  Then I get called the man or butch or whatever and then you get called a lip-something or another.  You get enough as it is.”
Sherlock slunked towards her and collapsed into the kitchen chair, resting her elbow on the table and her cheek against her palm.  “Or did he kiss you sloppily, get his beard hairs in your nose -which I know you hate- and ignore the way you waited for it to be over?  Lucky you didn’t need to wait long.  It only lasted, three, maybe four minutes.  Missionary style.  Lights off.  Uncomfortable but tolerable.”
“And yet you still love me.”  Martin finally stopped twitching long enough to get a bite of food for himself.
John’s eyes widened and she gulped, her mouth snapping shut.  Clearly this night was getting away from her.  She fixed her sticking bangs again and cleared her throat.
Sherlock continued, “And then you went home to have boring vanilla sex because it has been three weeks since the last time you copulated and you felt like you owed it to him, even though you did not feel like having it.”
“Right.”  John swallowed and dropped her gaze to the floor.  “Uh- Well.  Well, he’s got me captive somehow-” She raised a single finger.  “-and not on a pirate ship.  I get seasick, I’m afraid.”  Her finger danced in the air as she mapped out her mystery man.  “And he’s attractive and charming and I have to do what he says or I’ll die, so he says.”
John let the feeling of mirth overwhelm her.  It was well beyond a reasonable hour for sleep for a woman her age and she was giggling like a schoolgirl over a boy’s cock with her half naked best friend and the taste of whiskey on her tongue.  She never thought she could have this warmth fill her again, not since joining the army.  Never did she see herself this happy and safe and carefree.  It was perfect.
Alex slowly pulled the fallen shoe from the ground and slid it up Beth’s flesh, digging in the heel well enough to scratch, but not enough to bleed.  One long line of raised skin blossomed over every curve of muscle.  Beth’s mouth fell open, the fabric across her eyes moving as her brow furrowed.
It was very hard to sit on a squeaky couch when her dress squeaked too.  The tight fit cut into her stomach and she was not quite sure how to drape her legs without revealing too much thigh.
The chai tea brewed as John contemplated sneaking upstairs to read the book she had been waiting to finish.  It might be romantic dribble, but it had a surprisingly interesting plot. She turned for the stairs, disregarding Sherlock altogether, until that commanding voice rang her like a bloody mobile, “John, sit.”
“Oh.  Oh, oh!” Moriarty cheered happily.  “You haven’t fucked!  Oh but- but you have!  Oh my god!  This is precious.  The virgin who’s scared of emotions and the bisexual so far in the closet she can’t see her own wet cunt!”
John put a hand on her shoulder and pushed her back, trying to gage her frustration pout.  It was nearing the level of ‘the only cases available are 2s, we ran out of chocolate biscuits, and John threw out your emergency cigarettes’.  It was best to talk her through it.  “How do you know he won’t be a nice man?  I mean, the assassin, sure.  Arnold and the banker- what was his name?  Carl?  They seemed innocent enough.”
There was still no reaction, just a tense thread of violence ready to unwind through a single, explosive twitch of a finger.
John snorted up her drink and fell back into her seat coughing.  “I thought you already looked at my porn- ah- thing.”
Jessica had tears in her eyes as she grabbed Moriarty’s cup and poured, nearly splashing onto the fine, white setting.  It took all the the girl’s concentration but she finished with a mighty sigh and moved onto Richard and then finally John before running from the room.
Sherlock did not appear to be moving, so John reached for the book closest to her and dove into a refresher course on new methods for treating hypothermia.
Sherlock handed it to her and sank against the counter.  Her physique was looking less sallow and more lean every day.  Stretched out like that with alabaster skin taut over flexing muscles, she almost looked healthy.  Good.
Sherlock sighed, pouted, and rolled onto her other side, frowning towards the fireplace.  “We’re out of tape.”
The cause of death came back in two days time, no thanks to Sherlock’s 56 text messages asking for updates.
John went back to glaring.  Moriarty flicked her gaze to Stevie.  Stevie walked up directly behind her, his clenched fists promising violence if Moriarty had to repeat herself.
The dinner was much less appetizing than cheesey crackers but came wrapped in the original plastic.  John was sure Sherlock, and therefore Moriarty, could find a way to drug something still in the plastic but she was still a bit hungover and very, very thirsty.  She started with the water and when that did not force her to collapse, she took a bite of the plastic wrapped vending machine sandwich and decided it would be alright.
Alex dropped the paddle to the ground and slipped her hands up and down Beth’s legs, kissing her on each arse cheek before pulling her back up to a seated position.  Beth seemed beaten and lose, hardly able to keep herself upright, a blissful smile on her face.  Alex rubbed her arms and smoothed away her hair as she undid the tie, constantly telling her she did a good job.
John could not help smiling as she caught sight of a freshly shaved trail of dark hairs slipping down from Sherlock’s belly button.  For some reason, vanity was a trait that just suited Sherlock.  John would be sure to bring it up the next time Sherlock tried to defend herself after being caught staring in the mirror or the back of a spoon -if only for the opportunity to see Sherlock’s crumpled, confused face when she heard the term ‘Happy Trail’.
Sherlock was gripping her hair by the end of it all, curled up against John’s thigh, kicking the cock on the wall again, aiming at the hilt of the knife jutting out of the balls.  John took pity and pet at her hands, trying to get her to stop pulling.
It took a moment for the words to settle.  Richard looked to Moriarty, back at John, and then at his empty plate, his face falling.
John reached for it.  It was the gothic lace choker with the ruby heart that Sherlock had worn at the sex club, and then made her wear.  She held it up and squinted at it.  “Seriously?  That’s it.”
John shook her head.  They had circled this argument too many times before.  She was actually surprised Sherlock would still have it.
John took a gulp and slurred, “I am not-” she lurched in her seat, caught herself on the arm and pushed back up, giggling, “Okay.”
Moriarty tugged harder, effectively cutting off all her air.  “Feisty puppy!  You need a shock collar.”  She threw John to the ground hard, sending one of her arms through her plate of food.
John nearly tripped in her heels, again, falling into the stall door to check through the crack to see if anyone were out there listening.  “What?” she hissed.
“Two for flinching,” Alex ground out, flipping the paddle in her other hand.  “Five for any noises.”
Then again, Sherlock did sound desperate when she asked her to do whatever the bitch wanted.  A desperate Sherlock was never a good sign.
“Come here, darling.”  Moriarty cooed, “It’s alright.” Moriarty pulled John’s stunned body close and rubbed a hand up and down her back, smearing the blood into her shirt.  She turned to Stevie and whispered, “Get the help in here to clean this up.”
Sherlock cheered triumphantly and put her water down as she reached for the whiskey again.  “This calls for a celebration!”
Moriarty shook her head dramatically.  “So hard to find good help these days.”  She turned to Richard.  “Though I can see why you keep her around.  Those lips must be great for mouth fucking.   Wouldn’t you say, Johnny?”
John eyed the food at her feet and nodded once.  She lowered her good knee first and carefully brought the rest of herself to the floor until she was on her hands and knees.
John made quick work of cleaning the new cup with a rag and threw some water into her used one.  There was no guarantee soaking a tea-stained mug would do much of anything, but it was worth a shot until she could get a better sponge.
“He won’t be…”  Sherlock crossed her arms in front of her chest.  “What did you call it?  A nice man.”
“It’s Martin,” John corrected and batted Sherlock’s hands away.  “We’ve been together for a half a year.  I think you can learn his name.”
“Fine!  Spoilsport.”  Sherlock sipped from her glass and smacked her lips.  “I dare you to-” she reached into her pocket and pulled out a small trinket, “-put this on.”
Moriarty finally looked away from Richard and up into John’s eyes.  She shoved John’s wayward bangs out of her face, those nails scraping against the back of her ear.  “Be a good little doggy and give me a kiss.”
Sherlock had plenty of deductions, including that the man was an assassin who enjoyed tuna salad, but the death itself was still a puzzle.  The man’s tongue had been carved out but that was an old injury.   On top of his bald head was a target, three circles surrounding a dot, all drawn in bright red lipstick.  All evidence pointed to asphyxiation but there were no marks around or in the throat.
“At least.  Based off the size of the bed and the nail polish left on the wall I would have said four.  Not to mention the glitter everywhere.  But the empty glasses with distinctly different shades of lipstick say otherwise.  Really, how did you not see it?”
The bed too was lovely and while John spent most of the night clinging to a lamp and watching the door for any movement, she did get a tiny bit of sleep.
“Very,” John said agreeably, her gaze darting down to Sherlock, wondering how much longer they would need to make polite conversation, for fear of it becoming
“Look at you!”  Moriarty waved the gun around, aiming it at everyone including herself at least once before resting it against Richard’s temple again.  “I’m threatening to shoot a corpse!  Why do you care SO MUCH, puppy?!”
The lesson seemed to end there.  At least, Alex stopped looking towards John and only paid attention to Beth.
Alex whirled back towards John and said, “Be assertive, but not cruel.  Good behavior is rewarded.  Bad behavior-” She looked at Beth and smirked, then sank to her knees behind her partner.  She flipped the silk fabric over Beth’s eyes and pulled Beth’s head back, whispering into her ear.  “-is to be punished.”
“Doctor?”  Richard asked hopefully, leaning as close to her as he could get without tipping his chair over.
Sherlock glanced her way and shook her head.  John waited for her to finish typing while impatiently tapping her fingers against the top of her steaming mug.  With a huff, she fell back into her seat and pulled out her phone.  Martin would appreciate knowing if she were about to go galavanting around the alleyways.
“Dancing?”  Maring leaned in and shook his shoulders, wiggling like a loon in his seat to an imaginary beat.  John nearly spat bread at him when she erupted into laughter.  “Was it as good as this?”
The phone call done, John joined Sherlock on the couch, steering clear of her feet pounding against the wall.
John sighed and tried -and failed- to tuck the phone into what little cleavage she had access too in the tightest dress on the planet, having learned the hard way that she should never carry a purse around Sherlock.  It had been pinched more than once by said Consulting Detective and used to distract both the good and bad guys as a glittery misle.  In one memorable instance, Sherlock had aimed for the open window of the passing perp’s car, missed, and thrown John’s favorite clutch complete with wallet, keys, and Harry’s birthday present directly into the Thames.
John looked at the food, back up at Moriarty, and dipped her head down.  The duck was still on the bone and covered in some sort of orange jelly.  There would be no way around a mess.  She led with her teeth and ripped off a piece, smacking her lips together as she tried to chew around a vein.
John’s face pinched and she tried to lean away and shoved at Moriarty’s arm but that gun barricaded her in.  She looked down at Moriarty with a pained frown but Moriarty only smiled.
John spun around before catching any sight of naked Sherlock but the stall door let off a shiny metallic reflection so she turned to the brown tiled wall instead.  She felt like a drunk chicken with its head cut off.  Maybe toast for dinner really was a horrid idea.
After ordering drinks, John led them to the less occupied alcove of couches, hoping that Sherlock would get all she needed from afar and they would not have to do anything… indecent.  She decided then and there that this case would not be making it into the Sherlock memoirs and she would definitely be fudging the details for the blog and Martin’s sake.
“Oh,” Sherlock cried, spinning and pounding her head into the cushions instead of banging her feet.  “You wonderfully dimwitted girl.  How I long to live in your head for only a day.  It would be a holiday!”
Sherlock smirked and pointed towards John’s phone next to their discarded cards.  “I dare you to call Michael-”
A puff of air pushed Beth’s blonde locks away from her face as Alex’s nail traced up her spine, up her neck, until she had her hair in a fist.  She jerked Beth’s face up and her body arched with the contact, a moan escaping her lips.
Never easy with her, was it?  Boredom led to game playing.  Which meant picking apart the dating life of John Watson and then making said John pick pens out of pockets five seconds later.
When they reached the blessed bar the girl with the chain was sucking her boyfriend off.  Fantastic.  John’s face heated up and she glanced back at the floor.
“-a pushover, I always assumed it was you.”  Sherlock shimmied out of the rest of her dress, shaking her head and undoing her necklace.  “But now I see.”
John slipped further up the couch, tried to take another sip of her drink, but found it hard to hold onto.   Her blood pulsed and her thighs twitched -an echo of the arousal swimming through the air, pushing itself upon anyone occupying the building.
Jessica froze as Moriarty’s hands covered hers and pressed the corkscrew down.  Moriarty leaned in, mouth open, her teeth grazing the girl’s neck.  Jessica cried, frozen on the spot.  There was one long, loud inhale before Moriarty pulled back, yanking the cork with her.
If she were still single, she would definitely be on the pull tonight.  Makeup, a skintight dress, lasting tan, and strappy heels… it would be like shooting fish in a very horny barrell.
It was becoming more of a possibility that there would be a sacrifice to the burning flames that day.  Why keep the cards at all when there was a perfectly good fire burning right in the room?
“Yeah,” John shrugged and giggled again.  It was so strange to be saying it aloud when she rarely let herself acknowledge it with a hand between her thighs.  Deepest and darkest was not exactly her go-to.  “I’ve always had a thing for androgynous.  They’re so…”  A passing car threw lights up and around the room, attracting John’s very hyperactive attention.  The golden streams twinkled over the mirror and spread hazy geometric patterns over Sherlock’s curving cheeks.  “Pretty.”
“The banker worked for the assassin.  He was the one who, quite illegally, deposited large sums of money into the killer’s offshore account in exchange for a plethora of hookers.”
John could make Sherlock do police paperwork half the time, since it would keep her her job.  What would it take to get her to do John’s?
“For chinese food and a movie, yes I know.  I don’t know why I bother asking.”  Sherlock ruffled her hair and spun back up, dramatically laying across the arms of her chair and stretching.  A strip of skin pulled across her exposed stomach as she rocked her legs back and forth.
John pushed at her bangs, stubbornly sticking to her face, and pulled at the edge of her dress, wondering if she could send Sherlock for another drink, or if leaving her side would break some unspoken rule.
“There won’t be a match on anything!” Sherlock yelled, upside down on the sofa.  “He was an assassin!”
A part of me wanted John to say no so Sherlock could torture her into saying yes with such things like slapping ass and random hair pulling, but that would be a completely different fic… or at least make this one 10 times longer and crack-ier (and it’s already fairly long)(everything can always use more crack though).
“Well,” Moriarty humed gleefully.  She slowly slipped the gun from Richard’s head and twirled it near her own.  “Don’t stop now!  Bring your plate to me so I can pet you like a good boy.  Don’t make me get the leash.”
The Dom in this relationship was a beautiful, thick, dark woman.  Half her head was shaved, revealing a glittery gold earing that dangled all the way down her leather corset.  And, of course, she had leather pants as well.
“See what?” John asked again dumbly, pulling Sherlock’s floral dress over her breasts and adjusting as she went.  At least she could breathe in this one.  The shoes were all wrong but there was no helping the fact that they had severely different feet.
“Martin,” John corrected automatically.  She tried to sit down next to Sherlock, but Sherlock looked up at her with wide eyes, frantically shaking her head.
“Well I do.  You shouldn’t have to be with anyone,” John ground out, searching for the dish soap.  Did she not just have it two hours ago?
“Be good for me, John.”  She crooked her finger tighter, nearly colliding their noses.  “Good girls get rewarded.  Bad girls get punished.”
When John woke up, she was alone, in half her military uniform, cradling her head under a pillow.  The hangover was not as awful as she had expected, but she had prepared.  An empty glass of water sat on her nightstand next to painkiller packets… and a vitamin bottle.
“Do mind my manners you two, but I’m afraid Sherlock is being rather persistent in talking with you.”  Moriarty spun the phone around and quieted the noise, still talking at John.  The silence only brought the man’s panicked breathing back to the forefront but Moriarty paid him no mind and so John pretended to do the same.  “You see, I was supposed to get my painting today.  AT LUNCH.  As you can see, it is dinner.  I do so hate tardiness.  She would rather I not cut off one of your arms.”  Moriarty shrugged carelessly.  “Trivial.”
John looked to see a wall of various… things, indeed, that she had not noticed before.  There was a paddle and a whip of some sort, and something that looked ominously sharp-
Sherlock shifted in her sheet, spreading her legs in the most unladylike of fashions so she could lean in closer.  “What is your deepest, darkest sexual fantasy?”
“You only get beard burn on your chin when you have sex with him.”  Sherlock relentlessly went on, dramatically flailing her hands about. “You’ve reached the point in your relationship where you only kiss hello, goodbye, and during sex.  If this is because you feel it is the right thing to do or so you can keep your eyes closed during the act, I haven’t yet determined.  As far as time, you took only a short break in replying to my texts.  Normally I would assume bathroom but the beard burn proves otherwise.”
John glared at Sherlock.  Was this sexual truth or dare?  Because if it was, Sherlock was in for a rude awakening on her next dare.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth slipped upwards, her legs tucking under her as she moved closer.  “Does Mark-”
The case was the murder of an unnameable man in his fifties.  His fingerprints had been burned off and, so far, nothing had come up as a DNA match and his dental records would take a few days, minimal.  He was found sitting in the urinal of a public bathroom, held up by rope and what Sherlock had immediately identified as ‘a various array of cock rings’.
John turned back to Molly and smiled.  “Third crime scene in a month that a penis has been featured in.”
Sherlock’s tongue poked between her teeth before quickly snaking back inside with a click.  “Is that not the point of the game?”
John looked at her empty glass and uncrossed her legs, pulling at where the dress stuck to her thighs, wanting to fan away the stickiness of the sweat and the butterflies in her tipsy stomach.
There was a moment where John contemplated taking a page out of Sherlock’s book and throwing her wine at Stevie as a distraction before diving in with the butter knife and fork.  She could at least take out an eye.
“You don’t-” John was going to finish that with ‘need to ask me’ but caught herself in time.  “Ah- Yes.  Excuse us, ladies.”
“I’ve told you, he’s not homophobic. He just wants people to know who he’s dating.  Saying John gets confusing.”
shoes.  Her hair, as always, was perfectly wavy and curved around her angled face in a graceful bob.  Her makeup was as fantastic as ever.  The only addition she could spy was a necklace.  It was a black lace choker curled around her neck with black beads dangling from the lower half, tangled together in half circles, drawing the eyes down to those prominent collar bones.  It was a bit gaudy for John’s taste and really did not match the delicate floral dress but the red ruby heart sparkling in the center was quite cute.
“Tell Sherlock that’s what you want for the next time you fuck,” Moriarty cheered happily.  “I hear it makes your orgasms electric.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Sherlock said.  “He’s trying to pick up a sub.  He’s not having luck with the blonde, she’s not that desperate.  But the brunette on his other side is.  That is until he meets me.”
“What?” Sherlock asked lazily, voice cracking, still stretching out towards the fireplace.  “Boring, vanilla, or owed?”
“Also, your hair was teased on the back of your head only.  You were not attempting to style your hair that day, therefore unanticipated fluffing of the hair.  Lights off because why would you want them on?  And-”
I would just like to take the time to say thank you for reading and ask again that for any concerns/complaints/suggestions/questions/if you are offended by anything, please feel free to politely comment or reach out to me via email (birdie7272@yahoo.com).  I am more than willing to discuss any and every aspect of my fic but I respond best to respectful inquiries.  Fandom = love.
John wanted to ask him who he was, what he had done to get Moriarty’s attention, if he knew about the painting, why he had duct tape over his mouth and ropes binding him to the wood, but she was sure no one in the room would answer her.  She gave him a sympathetic smile and continued to stare at her empty plate until the door to the dining room shoved open and Moriarty danced in, incomprehensible music blaring from her phone speakers.
John’s heart pounded and her eyes dropped to the floor.  She felt her breath coming in pants as she tried to regain her equilibrium.  The heat of the fire was messing with her head again.
“Later,” Sherlock threw a finger over her lips and gestured to the bar, her eyes sparkling with excitement.  “Three o’clock.  Chubby man with the red beard that’s grown to an ungodly length.  Blue button up that’s stretched beyond all reasonable levels.  Sweat stains visible under the arms and chest.”
Shaking hands reached for the phone as Sherlock glared at the blue and white blocking.  “Do you realize how many morons are on social media?  How many will try and contact me?”
“Truth or Dare,” Sherlock said with all the conviction of someone who planned during their hours of sobriety.
John grinned down at Sherlock’s head in contemplation for far longer than suited Sherlock, if her wiggles were anything to go by, but as much as she would love to see retribution be had, they had a job to do.
“Oh for the love of-”  Sherlock huffed from the door.  “Here-” She thrust out her arm, demanding the eyeshadow brush in John’s hand, threw it into the sink and grabbed a new one.
running the machine lost their password and was too stupid to tell anyone!”  Someone whined in the distance on her end.  “Whatever she makes you do.  It is not your fault.  It’s mine.  Just please, please do whatever she-”
As I pondered these questions, my muse hit me square in the chest.  She decided I had to write these words and finished the rough draft of this fic within days. This was probably too much information about my personal psyche but I could not not write it.  It is also why I couldn’t finish it for years.  This was largely about my ex fiance (see Martin/Frank) who I did break up with during the year pause of me writing this.  Some of Martin/Frank’s lines were straight out of his mouth.  (I am so grateful to me for breaking up with him!)  Because of that though, it became very difficult for me to finish.  I am now in a much better place of mind, in a much better relationship, and even though I’m sure I could improve on these last few chapters, I’m ready to leave this story in the past.
Sherlock’s grin was victorious as she leaned over and turned the water to cold, tipping the cups into the stream and helping John finish up.  “Ever the soldier.  Protecting our relationship and your Max’s-”
John’s breath caught.  She rose higher and quickly reached for the gun but Moriarty slipped it out of her grasp.  In the same slick move, Moriarty wrapped her arms around John and pulled until she fell into her lap, knees slapping against the wooden back of the chair, her chest pressed against Moriarty’s front, the gun solid against the curve of her back.
M/F action below.  If that makes you squirm in all the wrong ways, message me and I'll help you jump past it.
“Hey, lady,” A man further up the street called to Sherlock, a shit eating grin on his face, three of his friends chuckling behind him.  “If you want my cock you don’t got to shout.  All you gotta do is smile for me, babes.”
John supposed she could burn it in acid.  Sherlock would know exactly the right kind.  Maybe they could chemically melt it down and form it into a ball and then send that ball off in a rocket-like explosion.  Homemade fireworks could not be
“How about I call you my beautiful bitch?  Tasty tart.  Exquisite exploit.  Gorgeous golden girl.”  She frowned.  “No alliteration.  Ravishing, sexy, foxy, oh!” she stepped into John’s space and pushed her against the door with one perfectly manicured nail, her voice dropping to a husky whisper, “You are my lovely little whore, aren’t you, John Watson?”
Sherlock quickly disappeared, strode to the couch, and flopped onto it, her cocky smirk never leaving her smug face.  “Of course you don’t.”
He was always like this.  Happy and carefree and comforting.  In John’s worst moments over the past few months, she had always been able to lean on him, whether it be her irritation at Sherlock or grief from a case or frustration at work.  No matter what, he never failed to put a smile on her face.  He was everything she always wanted.
Then again, a good old burning was always appreciated.  Or a drowning.  Drownings were a bit more messy but she could really draw out watching evil dissolve into nothingness over the course of the day.
Beth’s lips moved without sound at first.  It took Alex’s hand pulling at her hair again before she said, “Yes, ma’am, please.”
John started giggling before she could even get the thought out.  “I dare- I dare you- to-”  She burst into laughter and grabbed Sherlock’s phone, opening the web browser.  Sherlock must have deduced what she was trying to do because she sloppily reached for the device, toppling forward.
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped lightly, and moved until she was sitting directly in front of John, bare legs rubbing against blue jeans.  A single finger traced down John’s cheek and under her jaw, all the way to the choker necklace hanging above her collarbone.  Sherlock tugged at the lace and whispered, “Look at me.”
Sherlock’s face went slack in horror, shaking back and forth.  “Don’t make me do that, John.  Please.  I implore you.”
“You know,” John sighed over her cup of tea.  “It will take you five minutes to solve a three and Lestrade can move on to other important things.”  She gestured to the newspaper crumbled at Sherlock’s feet.  “‘1,000 Eggs Disappear From Coop, Replaced by Crystals’.  You wouldn’t even have to leave your precious seat.”
They dropped the idea altogether, returning to the regular -as Sherlock loved to put it- vanilla sex that they were having.  If it only happened twice a month, that was fine.  In the long run, sex was the dessert, not the main dish.  If everything else was so fantastic, why give it up for something she could do with her own hands and a few toys?
“We are in-” John quieted as another couple passed them and dropped her voice to a whisper.  “We are in a sex club.  Together.  As in
Of anyone in that room, John would have guessed Molly to be the sub.  Then again, who knew what Molly got up to when alone with her boyfriend.  If she still had that boyfriend.  John had not dared to ask, lest she burst into a fit of tears like the last time she had a breakup.
John took another sip of her drink and closed her eyes, playing with one of the blonde locks that swept far past her shoulders.  “I guess it’s me, obviously, and this, um, androgynous, um, person.  And-”
“You have!” Sherlock jumped up, knocking some of her water over as she landed on her hands and knees, studying John’s face.
Sherlock tapped John’s shoulder and gracefully bent over in her form fitting, matching, violet lace panties and bra to detach shoe from fabric.  Seriously, did all of Sherlock’s underthings match?  John had trouble finding a matching pair of socks half the time with the way her laundry disappeared.
“This is Beth,” Alex said, gesturing towards her sub.  Beth did not move at all, just stared resolutely at the floor with her hands behind her back.  “We’ve been coming here for over two years now.  You’ll love it.” Alex sat back in the sofa and called to her, “Beth, show Joan how we greet people.  Be extra polite about it.”
Moriarty’s hand jumped to her neck and forced her back down to the plate, keeping her shoulders at an awful angle.  John hissed but said nothing.
John tilted her head to the side and smiled wide.  “I’m putting that on our Christmas card.  That is the nicest thing you have ever said about him.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, Johnny!”  Moriarty took her turn getting in a good kick across John’s jaw.  Blood welled over her tongue.  “You are!”
Blood splashed over the white cloth, in his food and in his wine.  Most of the burst had landed on John’s back but she could see drops slipping down her forearm.  Horrified, she touched her face and felt hot blood smear.
Of course, that was assuming Sherlock would be patient enough to last for a full twenty minutes before she became fed up with John’s many swear-filled twitchy fuckups and the sacrifice of six tubes of coverup to fix the mistakes.
“Um,” John’s eyes roamed the selection, the gleam on the shining wood of the paddle catching her eyes.
John chewed her bite longer than necessary, deciding what was best censored midday in her office.  Danny did a wonderful job at the front desk, but he had a way of hearing the word club from across six lanes of traffic.  One sniff of it and he would be begging her for details for months.  “Dancing, actually.  Ballroom, in a sense.”
Alex quickly grabbed her attention by slapping the paddle again and commanding Beth to get on her hands and knees.  The girl looked completely debauched already in the dim golden glow of the lights above.  Sweat collected at her shoulders, her hair a mess in front of her face, her entire body shaking, her last shoe barely clinging on.
John took it and replied, “Joan,” before grasping her drink again.  It was always better to use her given name when under cover.  Less questions.
“She’s…” John trailed off, her hand instinctively reaching out towards Sherlock’s shoulder.   It felt a bit odd, speaking for Sherlock.  Sherlock had no problem opening her mouth and saying whatever was on her mind at any given time.  Sherlock without a voice felt wrong.  “She’s...” Then, unbidden, John remembered the rotting toes currently left out on the kitchen counter and the mouse hearts floating in ice water in the fridge -even though John had asked for basic sanitation at least one hundred and sixty two times.  “In training,” she ended, loving the way Sherlock shifted in agitation at being referred to like some common house dog.  John pat the top of her head for good measure.  “She’s new to being told what to do.”
“Moriarty,” Sherlock said tightly as he scrolled through his mobile, looking for the app that turned on the GPS tracking device he had inserted into Violet’s watch last summer. “Jim Moriarty, to be precise, is in London. Leading the Met and MI-6 on a merry chase.”
“So,” Trager ran his hands through his wild hair. “So he’s completely strung out? How the hell are we supposed to transport him if he loses his shit if someone just holds his hand?”
“I asked Wasp to vet her for me. Ironically the only skeleton Wasp was able to uncover is that Melrose turned out to be an old friend of my family.” His face darkened again, his eyes mostly grey and dark blue in their fury. “Closer than anyone ever imagined, ironically enough.” He paused for a beat then added in his usual sonorous yet clinical voice, “I had asked Wasp to do periodic sweeps of the Internet, the public Net that everyone uses as well as the Dark Net, to make sure your pictures didn’t crop up anywhere. Meanwhile, Melrose continued asking for proof of life. So far, I had resisted taken your photograph. I didn’t want your picture on my computer or my mobile, in case those items were compromised somehow. Plus, I never sent Melrose anything directly. I always sent everything to Wasp first then she worked her magic, created a convoluted digital trail so nothing gets traced back to me. Or you.”
As Sherlock started walking away, Victor called out, “No,” and ran after him. He didn’t grab at him but he did cut him off, blocking his path. “No, I will not leave this alone. Something is obviously, seriously wrong. You’re barely holding it together. Tell me. What’s going on?”
“She was brilliant though, amazing,” John studied the cracks in the cheap plaster ceiling. “Spot a loophole in an argument a mile away, she could. She not only had command of the British legal system, but other countries as well. She knew all these obscure laws in all these far-off places and how to get around them. I used to live in dread of the day she and Sherlock met. I imagined the rows,” he smiled ruefully, feeling the tears burning again. “Then I imagined them becoming the best of friends. I thought… I had hoped, if she could ever get sober, she could, I don’t know, help a bit. With cases and whatnot,” he looked down again, studying his nearly empty glass. Despite his best efforts, he had still consumed his pint too quickly and the drink went straight to his head. He wasn’t drunk per se, but definitely felt a bit lightheaded and (truth be told,) a bit queasy.
This comment made Sherlock bolt from his chair, stamp towards to the sofa then stomp up and over the coffee table and flop dramatically onto the sofa, arms and legs akimbo. Gladstone barely had time to bolt from his favorite napping spot before Sherlock fell onto the sofa.
That was a lie, it was little bigger than a broom cupboard. But the second bedroom was meant to be the nursery so the small, oddly shaped room became a guest room by default.
“Alright, forget it,” she had rolled her eyes and returned her attention to her sleek little laptop. Sherlock could have sworn he heard her mutter under her breath “Practical pig, just like Kalle Fucking Blomkvist” as she started typing away, clad only in her bra and knickers.
“Sherlock texted an alias Julia Stoner was using. Sara Govmux. He wants me to start following the paper and electronic trail, but I can’t, not right now…”
The garden, like everything else in Rucastle’s world, was oversized, flamboyant and decidedly not child-friendly. The privacy walls looked more like prison walls. The shrubbery was all trimmed into animals that would have looked at home in a Tim Burton movie. All the potted flowers were not only insanely high-maintenance but also had no business being in England during a heat wave. It was probably costing Rucastle a fortune trying to keep the damn plants alive. And in the middle of the garden stood a tacky marble fountain with a plaster copy of Gian Lorenzo Bernini’s sculpture
“God, no!” Violet gagged, thinking about rice and immediately comparing it to maggots. “How about-” she nearly said Indian then remembered John’s revelation about Sherlock’s food aversion and his sensitivity to smell. “Italian?”
She didn’t dare stay at the clubhouse. She didn’t know how long Peters had been following her or who else he had following her. It was more than likely he had been the one who broke into her shitty studio in Chinatown.
“He proposed in August. I was scheduled to start at Quantico in October, so I had a nice long break. I was going to use that time to start planning the wedding. We had already completed one Wedding Chore, picking out a photographer. We had just taken our engagement photos over Labor Day Weekend, in Central Park, by the
John stayed silent as the doctor tried to explain to a disbelieving and argumentative Harry that there was literally nothing left to do except make Mum comfortable.
John shivered. He knew exactly what that meant. He heard Violet’s voice in his head, explaining what that order meant:
“Then don’t entertain that fantasy either… ‘cause Mycroft… thinks… you do…”  Mitton finally drifted off.
Instead she closed her eyes and inhaled. “You still wear the cologne I picked out for you. Sandalwood, with faint hints of cinnamon and cedar.”
She knew, of course, that John’s sister struggled with alcohol abuse, but she had no idea Harry had slipped  this far down the spiral.
John opened his mouth then closed it again as Sherlock took another placid sip of tea. Staring at the lees floating in the remaining amber liquid, he gruffly said, “Thanks.”
“No, she was trying to save herself. I would have done the same thing,” Mary winced as John continued to massage her purplish hands. “Of course, I would never align myself with the Moriarty Family. His bastard grandson
Violet merely lifted her eyebrows. “I was hoping it would be alright if I commandeered your office for tonight. I need a safe, quiet place to work as well as to figure out where I should go until Sherlock and John are home.”
. “Oh, I know you’re British. I also know you’ve attended several acting and improvisational classes throughout London, so I know you can fake an American accent. And I also know that when the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints sends their young people out on a mission, they send them out by two, not one. You thought you were hiding in plain sight, in the end, you were rather obvious. Now, DI Dimmock,” Sherlock turned his back on Mitchell as the police dragged him away. “I hope you were writing that down because I’m afraid I have a very pressing engagement I must attend.”
“Jack,” Dupin finally spoke out loud, although when he said the boy’s first name, he used the French pronunciation of
Violet fought the urge to throw up as well as the urge to run. As she pulled her coat on, the maître, (a lanky man with the same wiry strength as Sherlock) led her through the restaurant and out the back door, where Sherlock waited, wearing his Belstaff now, which he had hidden in the Ralph Lauren garment bag. He was also pretending to smoke a cigarette while he kept a lookout for any of Moriarty’s people.
, Sherlock immediately deduced then all but snarled when he saw young Honoré sitting at the small table where Sherlock had put his own laptop and stacks of files and notebooks.  He had been clicking away on his MacBook Air, but jumped when Sherlock opened the door.
and working on his maggot experiment since, sadly, Violet never got an opportunity to dispose of the glass case containing the horrible, wiggly things.
“I used to wear Siggie’s shirts when he’d go out of town on business.” Mrs. Holmes winked then flapped her hands at Violet. “Go on,” she said as she took off her coat. It was a pink monstrosity that reminded Violet of the hideous puffy pink coat Mrs. Hudson had given to her after Violet lost everything she had own when her flat exploded.  As Mrs. Holmes put her own ugly pink coat on the peg where the Belstaff usually hung, she said, “I can straighten up down here while you’re getting ready.”
“I need to go to Scotland Yard to speak to Macpherson and Alex, since he processed the scene and Alex arrested Ayda Heidari for child endangerment,” Sherlock tried very hard not become distracted by her stroking his stomach but… it felt nice. Really, really nice…
“Seriously?” Her hazel eyes darted over towards the corner, where Sherlock slouched. “Being a soldier didn’t appeal to me. I’m like him. I love unraveling mysteries and solving crimes.”
“I… hi,” Molly started blushing immediately. “I hope this is OK. I mean, I know this really isn’t a baby-friendly sort of party. But Mum cancelled at last minute, her car broke down so she can’t drive to London and doesn’t like taking the trains and Greg’s mum has the flu so... well, we don’t know any babysitters, trustworthy ones at any rate. Oh dear, I… we can go, we should go.”
Even though shame flooded him for feeling that way about his daughter, he knew it to be the truth as well. Once Harry had packed up her things and departed, the strange tension that had pervaded the house since she announced she was a lesbian had dissipated. He supposed he did love his daughter, but a heavy weight had lifted from his shoulders when she was gone.
“I know,” Violet started stroking his hair. “I hate you being sick too. Whiny brat,” but her voice was soft and affectionate.
“Sherlock does like to exaggerate,” Mycroft demurred. “Come now, sit down. He examined his nails, frowned at a hangnail. “And do try to think instead of leaping to conclusions like a ninny. You’re sharper than most people.” He fixed his black reptilian eyes onto her. “If I was going to have you terminated, do you really think I’d do it myself?”
“Because it’s not obvious,” Violet promptly replied. “It’s something your brother would do,” she started to say but yawned widely. “I need coffee.”
“So in actuality, we have two cases not just one,” Sherlock continued on as if John hadn’t spoken, although he did give John a very dirty look. “The murder of your mother and whether or not your father and your father’s second wife are fit parents for your half-brother. Obviously when we prove your father murdered your mother (either via assassin or by his own hand), he will go to prison and will only be in your half-brother’s life in a quite limited capacity. So we will need to determine if Tristan Holloway is capable of parenting the boy on her own as well.”
John saw them duck inside a white and green carriage car and nearly had to jump to get inside before the doors slid shut. Fortunately the carriage was completely deserted. However its trademark rotting fish odor still lingered, despite the highly publicized
She was also glad to see a text from John. He had sent it about eight o’clock, London time, nine over there. The text was short and sweet:
His mobile, tucked into the back pocket of his jeans, whirred just then. Violet withdrew her hand as Sherlock reached to retrieve it. “Speak of the devil,” he gave the mobile the same sour smile he gave Violet seconds ago. He answered, still using the American accent. “Hello?”
Then she realized Lisbeth’s face had darkened even more, twisting into something feral. “I hate cops. I don’t talk to cops or crazy-doctors,” she snarled.
“Oh,” was all Violet could say at the time, but when she had met the second Mrs. Rucastle, she had thought,
have a family emergency. But his flight was conveniently diverted from Nova Scotia to New York and for some strange reason his name was flagged on the No-Fly List. He’s no bad-ass Special-Ops agent. He’s a twenty-something year old med student with a blog who’s probably shitting himself and crying for his mother right now. He was set up to be the patsy.”
As she got dressed, again she noted how strange it was to see him out of his usual suits and heavy winter coat. He wore dark jeans and a gray T-shirt. He also hadn’t shaved yet.  She also observed that he had let his hair grow out again, the curls well past his ears.
Sherlock’s long fingers dipped inside the bottle and fished out a thick roll of green bills. “American currency,” Sherlock held the roll to his nose and inhaled sharply. “Not counterfeit bills, either.” He held the roll of dollars close to his eyes. “Thirty one-hundred dollar bills, which doesn’t sound like much unless Sara has plans to relocate somewhere where the American dollar has a higher value, a stronger buying power, most likely Mexico,” Sherlock delicately re-inserted the money back inside the wine bottle. He screwed the bottom back shut, smoothed the label back down again and slipped the bottle back into the chiller. “Shut your mouth John, unless you plan on eating that whole apple in one bite.”
Both Violet and Mary peeped through the drapes to watch Lady Hilda get into her Volvo and drive away, “The only problem,” Mary watched the taillights of the Volvo disappear down the street, “Is that if we saw her waiting for John here…”
“Oh please,” Violet said witheringly. “It was never yours to begin with. He never gave it to you. He only showed it to you on the security monitor. He never had a chance to return it after he got shot. It would have been a waste of money to purchase another ring. I would have been angry if he had been so foolish to do so.”
“Mickey’s busy too and yet he calls. He visits. I really don’t think it’s too much to ask for him to pick up the telephone once in a while. I see him more on the telly than in real life,” her voice was sad and small. “We had to find out from the
“Fine by me,” Violet said just as quickly. “But OK, so Magnussen was blackmailing you. What does that have to do protecting Sherlock and keeping Maisie away from John and Mary?”
They made their way down the hallway. As they passed the rusty radiator, Sherlock’s nose twitched. “The air smells odd… some sort of… ahh... of course. That’s why Julia’s unconscious.”
Now Sherlock studied the dirty hat intensely, seemingly oblivious to how John stifled his yawns as he prepared tea. John and sleep still were not on speaking terms and one or two scotches before bed wasn’t cutting it anymore. Concerned about his alcohol intake, John had started taking the tranquilizers Honoré had gotten for him in Paris instead of having a drink before bed. Not the entire tablet, of course. Remembering how they knocked him out, John had been cutting them in half. But he didn’t feel rested, not really. The half-tablet only put him to sleep, it didn’t
The team was supposed to be burned and his nephew Jack Woodley was supposed to pick them off one by one, save Carson and Hunter. Those two were the only assets, the kernels amongst the chaff. If Jack was unable to convince them to join the
. As much as he wished Sherlock would have rid the world of the Earl just as he had with Magnussen, the old lion regretfully realized he still needed the Earl. Needed to keep him sweet, keep him happy. The end game was so close, the final game, the
Her mistake had been getting into bed with Jim Moriarty in the first place. If she had just been content on being “The Woman”, she’d still be playing her little games.
“Oh shut up,” he grumbled sourly, reaching over to open the window. Unfortunately, that did no good as there was not even the tiniest of breezes in London tonight. “How are you feeling?”
“Ah, isn’t that a crying shame,” Billy pretended to sympathize with her. As they walked away, he had asked her, “Bloody brill, by the way. Howd’ja think that up? Going to the Apple Store? One of Shezza’s tricks?”
He toed off his shoes, took off his great coat and padded to the kitchen to feed the dog. He also drank two glasses of water and swallowed four ibuprofen tablets. Paracetamol wasn’t going to cut it. After that mundane chore, he wandered back towards the bedroom and sat on the bed as he stripped off his shirt, vest and socks then he shimmied out of his trousers. He slipped underneath the duvet, curling his long limbs around her. Even in her drunken sleep, her hands sought his and soon their fingers were entwined.
… I could feel it there, but it was completely numb. I couldn’t move my fingers, I couldn’t hold onto the handlebars. I knew I was going to crash so I laid the bike down as safely as I could. I had no idea I’d cause a pile-up on the A-1. I was just trying to… you know… not die.” She laughed bitterly at the irony. “I lied to John and Mycroft about crashing my bike on purpose. Mycroft because, well, he’s Mycroft.”
Mary leaned back in her seat, eying Violet’s steepled hands. “I thought you said women like us didn’t have the luxury of friends?” she took a demure sip of her iced macchiato. “And the longer you live with him, the more you act like him, do you know that?”
“Do the locations of the dump sites have anything to do with this?” Violet asked. “The theatres in the West End? I doubt that’s where the actual murders take place. There are too many people around. Too many tourists, somebody would have noticed.”
He had found most of the day slow-going and tedious. And if John had felt this way, he knew Sherlock was ready to start climbing the walls.
“Order for me,” John whispered to Sherlock as he sat down next to him. He could feel his cheeks pinking up.
. I just need a cuppa, my dressing gown and a pouf to put my feet up on. I’ll be right as rain in a day or two.”
Mycroft, of course, would see right through this ruse, but that didn’t matter since Jim’s death occurred in France and therefore not in MI-6’s jurisdiction. This scene was for Interpol, not for MI-6.
Her hands had started shaking. Her face now was the same color as the mozzarella in Sherlock’s uneaten salad and just as sweaty.
“Um,” Sherlock cleared his throat, took a step back, looking away from her.”We, err, should probably get back to the party. Uhh,” he looked down at the scarf in his hand, such a dainty, flimsy object in his big hand. “Right,” he looped the scarf around her neck, meaning to arrange it such so it hid the scar on her throat.
John took Mary’s hand, touching her again for the first time since helping her out of the cab. Mary pressed her lips to John’s knuckles. Despite their differences, their chasm-wide differences, grief would always drive them back together.
“She deceived everyone, Violet,” Mycroft said as gently as possible. “She is still deceiving John and Sherlock. She conned Sherlock into killing Magnussen for her. He thought there was no other option to save Mary and John from being killed by Mary’s enemies. He still believes Mary is his friend, to this day, despite all the chaos she is causing.”
The following day, Violet had nursed a raging case of laryngitis and Sherlock had alternated between moping and fuming. Mrs. Hudson had kindly volunteered to take Gladstone to the emergency veterinarian clinic since no one was really sure the effects eating a tarantula had could have on a dog.
while in Paris. Nor did he look like the man who nearly beat John to death. Granted, he still was a gigantic mountain of hard flesh and sinewy muscle. There was no hiding
So out loud, she merely said in an even voice, “You know how he gets when he senses there’s a mystery to unravel. He turns into a robot. Sex will not distract him.”
More blood had been on her hands. Her brother, her teammates, her partner. And now the eccentric detective. Or so she thought.
Mary was a woman who kept her backside covered. Hence, the double-hit on Sherlock, ensuring that Mycroft or his minions couldn’t touch her. If she died at their hands, Sherlock died at someone else’s.
He groaned as Sherlock’s fingertips slid down his thighs, then back up again, then back down. John twisted his head in order to capture Sherlock’s mouth again, lightly lapping at those plush Cupid’s bow lips until they eagerly parted. John blissfully plundered Sherlock’s mouth, dimly grateful that Sherlock really had given up smoking. As he continued to kiss Sherlock, he cupped Sherlock’s face with his right hand, his thumb resting lightly on one of those impossible cheekbones while his fingers threaded through the tangled black curls. As far as his useless left arm went, John kept that loosely wrapped around Sherlock’s waist, his fingertips maddeningly out of reach of Sherlock’s backside. Not that it really mattered since Sherlock still had that damnably thick woolen coat on.
a thousand times over, don’t lie,” he said jovially, slapping his knees. “Toller! A drink, something stronger than tea. What’s your poison, Miss Smith?”
Lestrade shook his head and told himself to stop being so ridiculous. Sherlock barely kept up on pop culture, unless it was for a case. Then he would give himself a crash course in whatever television show, film or music he needed to learn for that particular case.
John made a mental note to see if any of his medical colleagues could recommend a French psychiatrist who specialized in hoarding disorders. He had a feeling saving all those deformed strays had something to do with it as well.
Mrs. Holmes spied the lift and trundled towards it, feeling the familiar arthritic ache in her knees. Again, she wondered what had happened, when did
Alone, Mary rested her hand on the chest of drawers she had lovingly repainted for Susan’s room. With a shaking hand, she covered her eyes and tried to muffle her sobs. Still, tears slid down her cheeks, still pink with anger from how poorly Sherlock had treated Susan.
So sorry about being lax again about answering comments in a timely manner! I'm actually up waaaaaaaaaaaaay past my bedtime as I have to be at work early tomorrow (Boo.) But I do read and appreciate every one of them as well as all the kudos/bookmarks/rec's. Plus, I'm sad to report that the class I'm taking this semester is kicking my ass and need to devote a smidge more time that I thought to that class. *sad face*
,” Papa Bella lapsed into Italian as he held up one hand, shutting his son up. He pulled his cell phone out of his trouser pockets, thumbing through his contacts. “Let me see what his boss says.”
He stalked over to the beverage kiosk next to the newsagent. Took out his wallet and ordered another shoddy cup of coffee. Grudgingly he held out a fiver and got ten pence in return. Pocketing his change, he asked for four sugar packets instead of his usual two.
like. Sight, sound and scent had all been fulfilled over the years, even touch, to a degree, although touches were mostly nervous and fleeting, a finger casually grazing over his  as he passed him a mug of tea, for example or a shoulder pressed against an arm while walking through a small doorway together.
“I’m also minus my good friend James and my sister Harry as well because of him,” John added darkly while thinking,
“Understood,” John nodded then clipped the Bluetooth earpiece to his ear. Of course, John was entrusted with the earpiece. Sherlock, while on the prowl, was prone to ignoring everything and everyone. John knew if the
“But you never belonged to me,” she added. “Not really. I was just… borrowing you until John was ready.”
Violet turned around, looked at  Mary over  her fake eyeglasses. The bright, cheerful mask had slipped off her face. Now Mary looked strained as a coldness entered her eyes. She folded her lips very tightly together. She stood poised, as if ready to attack her if necessary.
“I’ll get you the proof,” he said quickly. “Then I’ll give you your heart’s desire. I can give you what the good doctor can’t. I will give you your child back. You and I, we were meant for each other. You are warm, you are loving, you are like the spring and summer when the earth is fertile and everything is alive and growing. But you do not fear death and would go down to Tartarus, to hell itself during the winter and feel right at home. You are what I’ve been searching for, what I’ve been trying to create. You are,” he cupped his left hand around Mary’s cheek while he traced her neck with John’s gun with his right, “My Persephone.”
Sherlock looked down at ancient Volvo again. Then in German, he said: “He had a panic attack while we were incarcerated. He’s trying to hide it from me, but is failing miserably.”
But Sherlock could not deny the evidence in front of him. Mrs. Hudson sat in a plastic yard chair that would have looked more at home at a jumble sale or an abandoned country club than at a posh place like  this. Her wrists were bound to the arms of the plastic chair with silken ribbons. The moron who had bound her had tied bows instead of knots, probably to make look more festive.
“They usually don’t,” he muttered, wondering what she’d say if she saw his chest and abdomen. The knife scar in his gut, the various cigarette burn marks and of course, Mary’s bullet inches from his heart.
Sherlock reached down then causally tossed a metal box on the kitchen table. The lid sprung open. Even in the darkened room, Violet could see clearly what it was.
John noticed too. There was a bit of color in her cheeks now and she didn’t seem so tired today. Maybe the vomiting was a twenty-hour bug. Plus she had been exposed to Sherlock when he had been ill. Maybe she didn’t get full-blown bronchitis but her immune system could have been compromised while she sacrificed sleep to take care of him plus do all this work for the cases.
“What William did to Heathcliff?” Lettie shrieked, her blonde hair spun out in tandem with the skirt of her pretty blue dress that matched her eyes perfectly. “For what William did to Heathcliff, are you
Violet felt a heaviness lift from her shoulders as she saw Baker Street illuminated by the street lamps. Her hands stopped trembling. But her eyelids itched from sleep deprivation and her stomach hurt from the abuse it had taken these past few weeks, from the rich foods to the arsenic in her tea. A whopper of a headache threatened as well. She also felt terribly thirsty. All she wanted right now was a giant glass of ice water and some ibuprofen. Then her bed.
“Thought I’d be too stupid to see the truth right underneath my nose?” Mrs. Holmes was arch. “If it’s meant to be a secret, why on earth did you bring
“It’s fine, John,” he said in a wooden voice as he swung his legs over the bed. “You said so yourself. Personal space and all that…I need to… go through Kitty’s devices and…”
.” He reached to stroke Trager’s black leather vest, aiming for the Men of Mayhem patch. Trager made a move as if to punch him but the man in black dug his gun into Trager’s lower back.
First of all, so sorry about not posting last week! I started a new job last Monday (yay!) and was a bit... fried when I got home. Hopefully this chapter makes up for it.
“Look,” Violet touched the screen, then spread her pointer finger and thumb apart, making the image of poor Jenny falling to her certain death larger. “It’s not the best resolution, but look who’s behind her. Do you… do you recognize her?”
Sally tapped the side of her glass with her fingernail, trying to remember. “That was her second pregnancy, yeah? When Moriarty stabbed her?”
“I should have fucking killed him,” Violet pressed her forefinger and thumb against her tired eyes then pressed the bridge of her nose.
He went so far as to pick up a pillow, clutching it in his huge hands, imagining pressing it down onto Tristan’s face until she stopped breathing.
But Toller, tempted by the promise of compensation for his trouble, gave in and took Mary’s money. Mary had thanked him profusely and ducked back inside. Then a few minutes later, Sherlock had sauntered out. “Good morning, Mr. Toller, how
And if she still doesn’t cut back after that, we may have to think about shipping her off to rehab.  I’m serious, it’s getting bad. I get high just walking past her front door.
But Sherlock and Violet exchanged a nervous glance over Lestrade’s shoulder. There were loads of people who would be interested in what the disgruntled detective inspector had to say.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t marriage supposed to be a partnership? One does not get to make decisions that affect the pair without discussion? Do you really believe John would do something that would affect you without telling you?”
“No,” Sherlock shook his shaggy head. “Moriarty did. But I’m going to catch him, John. He’ll pay for all his crimes, against us and the world.”
“Well, we’ve got enough I think to warrant surveillance on Toller,” Lestrade said grimly. “Although I’d prefer we catch these people before they kidnap and kill another girl.”
, Mycroft smirked, completely misreading his brother’s discomfort. “Does Victor think you’re like everyone else? Or is this an act for him as well?”
“You forget,” his mercurial eyes twinkled. “I spent some time in Chicago during my Great Hiatus. I made some contacts.”
Lestrade had naturally made the assumption that Sherlock was already losing interest in the case. It was a fair assumption. The case was solved, the villains were caught and his murdered friends from the Homeless Network, Raz, Sarah Cushing, Michael Paganini, Gus Aldridge, and Alec Fairbairn had been avenged. The work was complete, the case was done.
He didn’t sign it like he did his other texts because he had sent that message to Violet’s prepaid mobile, the one he gave her for private messages. In other words, texts they didn’t want Mycroft and the rest of MI-6 to read.
“Cool! Yeah, cheers John!” There was some indistinct chatter then Susan said, “Mr. Beecher wants to talk to you.”
As footfalls grew closer to the bedroom, John’s anxiety ballooned, pushing away any and all previous feelings of lust and desire. Panicky thoughts flew through his head like an emergency news crawl scrolling below a television programme already in progress…
The sound of the flint striking within the Zippo was music to Mycroft’s ears. He didn’t smoke often. Actually, he had only recently taken it back up. If Sherlock had been in a jesting mood, he would have remarked on the scent of the cigarette smoke wafting from Mycroft’s suit jacket.
Sherlock lifted the violin up upon his shoulder, poised the bow over the strings, waiting for Violet’s cue.
“Gahh, I said I was sorry. No!” This time Sherlock successfully blocked Mary’s next punch. “I didn’t mean to throw you to the ground, Mary. That was an accident.” He wiped a trickle of blood from his dribbling nose with the back of his hand. “I also didn’t
“Well… I don’t either,” Violet confessed after chewing her bottom lip. It was one of her unfortunate “tells” that Sherlock had gleefully pointed out to her. Whenever she struggled with a dilemma, she chewed her lower lip… and not like some provocative siren either…
“When I measure exactly how much I drink within a certain timeframe, yes, I can hold my liquor. When John is dumping additional shots of vodka in my drink while I’m in the loo, then orders some sort of shot called a ‘Flaming Dragon Snot’… Not… So… Much.”
She studied him, watching him bent over in front of the white board. He was scribbling something with a black erasable marker on the board, the marker tip squeaking as he wrote.
John ignored him. “But Gary, he… he was a lad who lived two doors down from us. Knew him since we were in nursery school and he was, well, different. Shy. Bookish and, err, well he was a bit effeminate, I suppose, but we got along all right. We swapped comics and football mags, went to each other’s houses for tea, snuck into the cinemas and I dunno, he was a nice kid but because he was a bit girly, he got bullied and…” his voice gave out.
chicken. John tried to make his way over to him, but again was interrupted by Ella. John threw Sherlock an apologetic look over his shoulder as Ella led him away to discuss continued therapy for his PTSD.
“All ones and twos,” she said apologetically. “Unless you’re desperate enough to follow some potential adulterers around with a camera.”
Claiming she felt better, Susan Dobney managed to eat all of her egg drop soup and half of her Szechwan chicken. John felt a bit disconcerted to see the young girl wearing a pair of yoga bottoms, a pearly-pink jumper and fuzzy electric blue socks that had belonged to “Miss Smith.”  Now that her face and hair were clean, Susan looked even younger than John had guessed, maybe only fourteen or fifteen. But she still burned from fever and her nose had started running again after eating the spicy food, so after lunch, John ordered to lie back down on the sofa. John hovered over her until she drank a large glass of water, swallowed two paracetamol tablets to help with her headache and then chugged another glass of water. He told her he’d be back with orange juice, but ordered her to keep drinking water because staying hydrated was important. He handed her a thin top-sheet, apologizing for his clumsiness, gesturing towards his broken wrist.
The car ride to John and Mary’s was just as silent as the drive to the hospital had been. However a nervous energy crackled in the car, the tension nearly a tangible thing.
Sherlock gave a noncommittal shrug, “Just making conversation but I must be off. My Tube stop is actually right across the street and I don’t want to miss my connection.”
he worried as Violet fumbled with the lighter. Before Sherlock could intercede, she switched hands, using her right hand instead of her left to “spark it up.”
“Yeah, I know. But I’m glad. That there’s so much we need to talk about. I called you over, thinking that we were going to be saying goodbye. But instead, we get to plan a future.”
“Mason, that mutton-headed muppet,” Sherlock seethed, starting to pace around John in a circle. “He threw Sergeant MacDonald off the case.”
“Well, protest all you want, but get those mourners out of here or they’re really going to have something to talk about over their tea and cake!” Lestrade snapped.
“Ah, excellent,” Sherlock said, reading a text from Lestrade’s colleague, Detective Inspector Montgomery. “They’ve decided to wake our friend Gordie up for a late-night chat, since a woman’s life is at stake and all. Shall we, John?”
“Right,” Mike shook his head. “OK, I’m off. Oh, hey, it’s your turn to do the shopping tomorrow. We’re out of milk.”
“We were working in tandem, you and I, as we searched for Mitton. You just didn’t realize it.” Sherlock set the half-full mug on the coffee table. The unsatisfactory tea had gone cold  while Sherlock cheerfully bragged how he deduced Violet’s escape route from Washington DC.
This is an empty house. If Donovan and Mason came to Appledore and found nothing, they would have been allowed to leave unmolested.”
“No,” Mycroft eyed the scrumptious chocolate beetroot cake his mother had made. The mocha icing glistened in the spring sunshine. He had already had demolished one large piece and toyed with the idea of having a second. “No, you know he won’t speak to me. Apparently talking to me aggravated him and he’s not to be aggravated. The ulcer, you know.”
Violet looked up from the Smartphone she had swiped from Sherlock’s coat pocket and pursed her lips at Mary.
“Oh yes. Despite his girth, Mycroft loved being outdoors, still prefers the country to the city, actually. When he was younger he loved it all, fishing, hiking, boating, archery. I would always want to tag along but Mycroft always shooed me away. ‘You’re too little, William, go home William,’” his voice suddenly took on the cadence of a petulant prepubescent boy.
“We can’t because it’s disrespectful, you heartless cock! And don’t call it, it, I mean, don’t call Mrs. Linton-Hareton
“I know, and you’re doing aces, but well, it’s just quicker for me,” Mary knelt next to his armchair and held up his mobile. “For me to fetch the phone rather than you. Besides,” she gave him a bashful smile. “You took such good care of me while I was in hospital and afterwards, I just figured it was my turn.”
“Royal Milk Tea,” Mycroft explained as he continued “playing mother”, pouring himself a cup. “It’s mostly hot milk and sugar with a touch of tea. Mummy would make it for Sherlock and me when we were ill or were just out of sorts that day. But Sherlock, in a fit of boredom, switched out white sugar for brown then added a dollop of honey. We’ve made it that way ever since.”
Mycroft longed to yell what he could do to him. Since he was learning to master his tongue, he kept his plans to himself.
He felt Sherlock’s hands move, one up into his hair, the other sliding down his back. He pushed against Sherlock, acting more on instinct than expertise now. He slid his hand up Sherlock’s abdomen, feeling every single rib through the thin dress shirt. He moved his hand up over his chest, up his long throat. His other hand raked through Sherlock’s curls.
Mrs. Hudson, wearing spectacles, a woolly lavender dressing gown and bunny slippers, opened the door. “Oh, Sherlock, a young lady is waiting for you and John downstairs. Said she’s called Anthea and you two would know why she’s here?”
Pushing the sleeves up, she trailed after Sherlock as he padded barefoot down the hall. Gladstone danced around both of them happily. His People were Up, so it must be Morning. That meant time for Outside and Food, his Favorite Things.
Sherlock pressed his fingers to his temples, scouring his Mind Palace. “She believed she was exceptional but she was so painfully ordinary, which was why it was so easy for Jim Moriarty to manipulate her.” His fingers fiddled, as if he was rifling through pages of paper. In his head, he was flipping through the pages of Lestrade’s police report. “She had a 2013 Asus EeeBook X205TA, recently purchased on eBay from America,” he burst out. “And… and… uh…” His mind went blank…
“That’s what he wants everyone to believe. Would I have bothered to threaten your sister-in-law and niece if I believed you didn’t care about them?” the Earl purred. “Mycroft has worse enemies than the
“Mm, no, I think he had arrived at that particular destination all by himself,” Sherlock took another step closer towards Toller and Mrs. Hudson. “Besides, you really didn’t do your research, did you?”
“The problem is Mycroft honestly does not know where Maisie is,” Violet muttered, her expression darkening. “He did it on purpose, so he couldn’t reveal her location if he was interrogated, including by us.”
Before she got a chance to have a word with Mary, the best man had stood up and made a speech that rendered the entire wedding party as well as the guests to tears.
“Good. Then see to it you track down the best solicitor possible. When I find my daughter, I want full custody. Do you honestly think a child would be safe with Mary?”
Honoré took the hint and departed. Only after moment of hesitation, John stripped then turned on the shower. He would have preferred a long soak in the bath, but still the steaming hot water was bliss. He didn’t even mind the stinging sensation all that much as the water streamed onto the gash into the shoulder. He felt it start bleeding again, but he didn’t stop it this time, letting the water clean the wound out.
Once Mary’s hand was in his, John felt Sherlock stand very close to him on the other side, his arm pressing in John’s. Meanwhile Violet slipped around Sherlock and stood behind John.
Mason’s face twisted, knowing exactly which “two people” Donovan was talking about. “Still can’t believe they promoted that little dyke MacDonald to sergeant after you left. Completely unfit for the job, was absolutely insubordinate to me when I was her superior,” Mason snarled. “But Lestrade’s gone soft ever since he got hitched again. Practically lets the Freak have full access to the Met now.”
“Yeah,” Mary was glad her voice sounded normal as she brushed the tears away. “Be down in a mo’, darling.”
“You should have died that night. We’re both somebody had the decency to call for an ambulance because my murderous wife sure didn’t, despite
“We’re all books, we all have our stories,” Violet watched the kids start to scatter towards their respective homes as their mothers called for them. “And you and John have an epic love story that’s going transcend time. People a hundred years from now will still be talking about Holmes and Watson. Me and you, we’re barely a short story. We’re a poem, a haiku.”
“Please,” Sherlock said witheringly. ”He inhaled more coke than I ever did. Back in his glory days, he would have shamed Ozzy Osbourne with all the drugs he did. Then there was the cross-dressing and all the sex he had. Men, women, it didn’t matter to Uncle Rudy. There were even rumours about animals.”
asked Honoré  just to toast a bit of bread for Sherlock and smear some jam or honey if there was any.
Violet kissed the top of Gladstone’s furry head, right between his docked ears. She whispered to the Watsons, “Mrs. Holmes and Molly were also targeted. We have to go back to London.”
Sherlock unsnapped the seatbelt and with a grimace, massaged where the belt had dug into his skinny waist. He opened his mouth but snapped it shut when the door to the cockpit opened. “Alright back there?” the very ashen-faced pilot attempted a hearty, booming tone. But, like John, his voice cracked at the end.
But her courage had failed during the lumbar puncture. Her nails had dug into Sherlock’s skin deep enough to draw blood as the kind old specialist, murmuring
“Dunno, maybe because you’re clinically insane?” the MI-6 agent spat but immediately recoiled when Sherlock placed his hand on top of Gladstone’s head. “He’s worried about you. Afraid that Jim Moriarty’s grandfather is after you, seeking revenge. You won’t talk to him. So he’s checking up on you. That’s
“I see now why Mycroft glued her to his baby brother’s side,” the Earl mused. “This changes everything.”
“Aw, Missus Holmes is aces!” Billy said affectionately. “I’ll hang out at Speedy’s. Pretend I’m some hipster working on a screenplay.”
“I was told just prior to coming here,” Sherlock muttered in Dupin’s ear, “That your people located Miss Smith and Miss Adler?”
He hoped he could do for Sherlock what Sherlock had done for him: Kill a monster that had tormented him. If Magnussen had bedeviled John and Mary, what Jim Moriarty had done to Sherlock was inhumane.
“You mean,” Trager vibrated with nervous energy. “You mean you’re telling us that there’s a goddamned
Violet rolled her eyes. “The wedding has to be believable. That kind of planning takes time. The only thing Sherlock and I agree on with is that neither one of us would tolerate a church wedding. I’m still trying to get him to understand we have to do a little more than sign a piece of paper in front of a magistrate, we have to have some sort of celebration afterwards.” When Mycroft furrowed his brow in confusion, Violet rolled her eyes heavenward again. “So we can leak pictures to the press.”
“Oh sit down for a bit,” John pulled out a chair for her. “We’ll help after we talk, well,” he threw Sherlock a displeased glance. “
,” he gave a very pointed look at Mycroft, “Created a very extensive profile of Charles Augustus Magnussen. There was nothing in his records that indicated an eidetic memory.”
Sherlock obediently clamped his lips together and his face contorted with the effort of keeping his mirth contained. But he just looked so damned ridiculous, John did the only thing he could think of: he started laughing. Soon Sherlock joined in with him and together, they laughed until their sides ached.
Long, trembling fingers found their way to John’s shoulders. He ran his hands down, down over John’s chest. His fingers slid over the peak of John’s nipples and John gasped, tossing his head back into the pillows. His cock twitched and Sherlock pulled away, looking very intrigued. He moved his hands up from John’s abdomen and smiled when John squirmed under his experimental touch. His nipples were hardened peaks by the time Sherlock was done caressing them through the cloth of his t-shirt.
“Nooo! Really?” The Doctor said, coming to a stop. He gave Rose a beaming smile. “Ooh, that’s brilliant.”
“Actually,” Sherlock said, leaning away from his colourful project and turning John’s way. “I was hoping to make dinner for you tonight.”
“I’m John,” said John. “Watson. Hamish.” He took a breath to calm his excitement. “John Hamish Watson,” he corrected.
Sherlock followed the boy at a distance all the way to his small, rectangle-shaped house. When they got there, the boy unlocked the door and slipped inside and, as Sherlock quickly hurried toward the door, threw the lock.
John pressed his lips together and thought over everything he’d just learned. “So wait... you remember everything Sherlock’s ever told you?”
John knew that he couldn’t risk his father coming home and hearing the android, so he forced himself to push open the closet and hide the robot away inside. As he slid the door closed, he found himself feeling... he wasn’t sure. But he felt the need to draw a blanket off of his bed and tuck it in around the android. After closing the closet once more, he dumped the dirty water out the window, shoved the soiled towel into his laundry hamper, quickly stripped his clothes and hid his torn jeans, then shut off the light and crawled into bed. His exhaustion caught up with him and John was out almost as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Sherlock studied John’s face, as if he suspected him of lying. “How about my house?” Sherlock said. “I have something you might like to see.”
He went back to the front of the house and retrieved a flower pot beside the porch, then walked back around the house to the boy's window. He upturned the pot and stepped on top, gripping the window ledge with his fingertips. He pulled himself up and stood on tiptoes to peer inside.
“I think I’d be pink,” Rose said as she turned to look at the disguised Blabbersnog. “Fuschia…” she trailed off. “Doctor! He’s gone!”
He didn’t understand how his mother could do such a thing. Mycroft had taught him since he was a child to always think, that the work was most important of all, and yet his mother had allowed her work to waste away in the basement like a dying thing. And for what? A man? Children? Love? Sentiment, Sherlock thought with a sneer.
John frowned and swallowed the jell-o before going for another spoonful. He took a bite and his eyebrows went up.
The sight of Sherlock’s eyes flying wide before he came was what sent John over the edge. Sherrinford stroked them both and teased his cock against John’s hole through his pyjamas, causing sparks to explode in John’s open eyes. His breath hitched in his chest and he came, pressing back against Sherrinford and his stiff cock. Sherlock kissed him through it, rolling his hips as he held John’s face in his hands. Sherlock was shaking when John came down. Panting, John wrapped his arms around him and Sherrinford held onto Sherlock’s hip, sandwiching John between them.
John frowned at the bot. “Shouldn’t Mycroft have deleted that before throwing you out for anyone to find?”
“His opinions are my opinions,” Sherlock told him haughtily. “If you’re worrying about consent, John, don’t. Sherrinford and I both agreed that we could benefit from the data.”
John nodded and they all three rose to go. Sherlock pulled out his wallet and dropped money on the table and they headed out together. Once they were out on the sidewalk, John glanced over at Sherlock, unsure of what was going to happen then, whether or not they were headed back to his house or if they were parting ways there and then. He felt strangely lonely standing there knowing this might be the last time he ever saw Sherlock and Sherrinford.
“Well, if it was, nobody told me about it. That’s the kind of thing you discuss with a person first.”
Footsteps pounded into the library and John turned away from Sherlock to see Rose huffing for breath.
They take a cab to Scotland Yard to fill out some paperwork, then another to get home. It's on the ride back, as John peers out the window at the passing streetlights, blurs of cars, and people, that he feels fingers curl around his hand. He stills and looks down at his thigh where his hand rests and finds familiar violinist fingers holding onto his much smaller hands. He looks up at Sherlock and is met by eyes that are currently light gray. They dance over John’s face, as if searching for something. Calculating.
The army doctor shoved Sherlock down onto the mattress and quickly began tearing off Sherlock’s clothes, starting with his shiny shoes, black socks, then working open his belt to pull off his jeans.
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed, keeping his eyes fixed on a test tube as he eased a blue blob inside to join a green one already resting at the bottom.
John was chatting with a girl outside the fence surrounding the rugby field. She had short blond hair and a pretty smile, and she giggled and leaned close to John whenever he said something funny. Sherlock and Sherrinford both paused when they saw them chatting and glanced at each other, unsure of themselves until John noticed them and waved at them.
John’s been looking for signs of Sherlock’s mysterious experiment everywhere, but he hasn’t seen a thing, except that bloody red folder he’s spotted almost every day for the past week. It’s taken all his strength not to sneak a peek under the cover, or even at the cover. He knows one glance at the label neatly written on the front will tell John all he needs to know about it.
“Shit,” John muttered. He studied his hand to make sure it would be safe to remove the shard then plucked the glass out. He turned on the sink and shoved his hand under the running water while he dug around for the first aid kit under the sink, avoiding stepping on any glass.
There was something very intriguing about it and John was surprised he’d never noticed just how nice the smell was before. He had to be up close and personal with it to enjoy what the soft cologne had to offer. As the night wore on, John decided he smelled vanilla in it, and maybe even honey. Whatever it was, the cologne made John's chest buzz like a bee as he hummed at the pleasing scent. It made his mouth water.
John's body jolted as he processed what was going on around him and nodded. "Yeah," he murmured distractedly as he turned off the burner, then walked down the short hall to Sherlock's room. He didn't see the phone right away, but another text alert drew his attention to Sherlock's bedside drawer. John pulled it open without a thought and froze at what he found.
John extended his hand to run his fingertips over the sleek, curved metal of the android’s cheekbone. The fact that it was cold still managed to take John by surprise and he rested his palm across the android’s cheek. “Can you feel that?” he asked softly.
“It seems you did,” Sherlock said, the amusement in his voice apparent. John glared at the back of Sherlock’s head as he began to chuckle. He could feel Sherlock’s laughter vibrating through his body and it only made him harder. Sherlock froze when John’s cock twitched and John squeezed his eyes closed, hoping this was a all just a dream.
“Just one more miracle, Sherlock,” he said. “For me.” Christ, what a selfish man he’d become. But he’d been so spoiled, so fortunate to have Sherlock for as long as he had, and he would never be willing to give that up - he had admitted that to himself a long time ago. “Don’t be... dead. Would you do that for me? Just stop it. Stop this.”
John slowed, glancing around the alley. A dark doorway caught his eye and he took a few exploratory steps toward it. A hand reached out and snatched him into the dark. John was immediately surrounded by heat.
Sherlock frowned and his eyes flicked over to Rose and The Doctor. “Who are you?” he asked, sitting up with John’s assistance. He rubbed at his temples like he was suffering from a headache, but his hands quickly shot away from his head and he shook them out, feeling like there were pins and needles pricking his head. Catching sight of his hands, Sherlock brought them up to his face and stared at their pink hue, blinking several times
Two years since he’d been there last, two years since the flat had been a home. It told him John had been here once, but never again. He could taste the years in the dust; the days filled his lungs. A hand to steady himself left a print in the ash of what had once been their’s - their bodies, their air, them. Their own personal pompeii.
Disappointed in himself for being affected so easily, Sherlock decided to just get this whole situation over with. He pried his fingers under the window and tried to tug it outward, but the window was locked and the sudden shift of the pot in the dirt sent Sherlock crashing to the ground, knocking the wind out of him.
“That’s part of the camouflage interface. The perception filter allows you to see what you want to see and feel what you want to feel.”
They’ve been walking mostly in silence, side by side because the streets are mostly empty and the weather’s starting to get cold again. It’s as they’re crossing the street to the next sidewalk when John gets his first glimpse of the experiment, though he doesn’t realize it at the time. As John steps up onto the next pavement, he has to swerve closer to Sherlock to avoid a passing woman and Sherlock’s fingers tangle with his.
Sherlock sighed heavily and put down a heavy book with a loud thump that made the remaining tools tremble. “Fine," he said shortly. He turned on his heel and headed for the door and John laughed at his melodramatics as he followed him, Sherrinford following close behind.
Rose and The Doctor nodded and the doctor and his detective stepped out onto the pavement. They were in an alley way just around the corner from 221. Rose and The Doctor watched as John and Sherlock walked away and one of the Doctor’s pointed brows went up.
’s doorstep shortly after Sherlock had departed for England. She brought with her three large Louis Vuitton suitcases, a matching carry-on bag and four enormous cardboard boxes filled with American toiletries and luxuries for Doña Nalda. The plump landlady nearly burst into joyful tears when she opened one box to find nothing but Charmin Extra Soft toilet paper. Proper bog roll was becoming an issue with the American tourists already starting to trickle in and going into shock finding none in public toilets.
In fact, it was very late at night before Violet got a chance to examine the contents of the box Mary had stolen from the Holmes’ library. It had been already well after dark by the time Mary got back. Looking like the cat that had snatched not just the canary, but the hamster and guinea pig as well, she handed Sherlock the toxicology reports she had found in Alice’s old bedroom.
He had underestimated her again, which had gotten him in deep shit with the Professor in the first place. Except… except he had done his homework on her this time, he had prepared. He knew she was sneaky, he knew she hid in plain sight. He knew she didn’t make scenes…
Sherlock, naturally, had a spare key to John’s house just as John had a key to 221B. Mary had resisted but as John pointed out, “Better he have a key than pick our locks.” Sherlock unlocked the door and met resistance when the chain lock halted the door from opening wider. “Damn.”
Sherlock closed his eyes fully as he listened to Mycroft rummaging through the kitchen, looking for a knife to slice the cake, which Sherlock very well knew was a nice lemon sponge with chocolate drizzle. Shame he had to share it with Mycroft; he had planned on ringing John and asking him to come to Baker Street for tea.
“You get out there,” Mary checked her watch. “You can leave your handbag here. They gave me a key so I can lock the room up during the actual ceremony.”
“The FBI, CIA and Homeland Security are very aware that you are alive and well. Regrettably, so does what’s left of the Red-Headed League.”
The gelato was put into the freezer and the food placed in the oven to keep warm. But Mary put a kettle to boil and served the cannoli with tea.
“It’s only been a few weeks, John,” Mary sprinkled bits of crushed walnuts over the muffins. “Even if the boy wasn’t fucked up, I think, was your professional diagnosis?”
“John,” Sherlock felt a lump swell in his throat when he noticed John was holding his blue-and-purple checkered scarf in his hands, the scarf marked with John’s blood.
!” Violet’s voice was almost shrill. “Richard Brook made it up, made it all up. He didn’t hack into the bank or the palace or the prison. He paid people off to open those gates. It was all part of his plan to mind-fuck Sherlock, to make him believe this master key existed. But it wasn’t real, none of it was real!”
“Oh,” to her credit, the first woman sounded ashamed. “Well, that is dreadful. Very sad to lose a baby and all. I can see why you would feel awkward bu-“
Sherlock folded his lips tightly together and looked away. He was glad it was dark. He was glad her face was in silhouette. He was glad his face was in the shadows.
Sherlock shrugged. “Idiots out there already think I’m either a freak or a lunatic. If Violet pulls the trigger,” he fluttered his eyelashes and pressed the fingertips of his right hand to his chest, “I become the victim, the survivor. You become the villain, the monster who covered it up.”
“Three at the moment, but until she sees a proper doctor, it’s irresponsible to form a theory without concrete data.”
“Take the rubbish out, please,” she ordered without turning around. She jerked the faux-fur fringed hood over her chestnut hair and pushed the door open.
Later, when her task was done, Mary nearly collapsed from exhaustion and anxiety. Her face shone with perspiration and the heartache and physical pain became nearly too much to bear. The nurses scolded Mycroft for wearing her out. The doctor was called and consulted. He fussed over her then prescribed a round of antibiotics and upped her morphine dosage.
Suddenly, long arms wrapped around her torso, raising her up. Instinctively, Violet twirled around, as if dancing. Knowing she was spent, she let herself fold over Sherlock’s shoulder as he knelt down to scoop her up in a fireman’s carry. He wrapped a massive hand around her thigh. Before he could grasp her right hand, she tried to shuffle the gun back to her left hand, but fumbled it, the gun clattering to the ground. Before she could tell Sherlock she lost her gun, he had her right wrist in a firm grip.
, not a proper primary school,” Sherlock used the German term for nursery school. “You don’t remember your mother’s funeral?” When Violet shook her head, Sherlock informed her, “Because you didn’t attend it. You were in hospital for high fever and dehydration. You were too ill to go. You saw the snow falling from your hospital window.”
All three men turned around to see Sergeant Alexis MacDonald running towards them. She wore a bulletproof vest and her gun was on her hip.
“Greg,” Sherlock used Lestrade’s correct name so he would pay attention to him. “Listen to me very carefully. Jim Moriarty is the least of your concerns when it comes to the child.”
on an endless loop inside his head, John crept around the manor. Only the overhead lights in the lounge had been turned on. The rest of Appledore was only illuminated by the dying sunlight, creating pockets of dim light and waves of undulating shadows.
It was awkward, slippery and unbecoming, writhing in each other’s embrace, nearly toppling over. The kisses grew messier and messier and there was no elegant rhythm to the jerking of their sweaty hands. Their hips bucked against each other as they frantically thrust into each other’s hands, their co-mingled pre-come acting as lubricant. Sherlock was almost bowing over backwards as John leaned forward, one arm tightly around Sherlock as Sherlock coiled his free arm around John’s shoulders, convinced he was going to fall…
“Yeah, I’ll ring her later this morning,” Lestrade promised. He brushed her cheek with his knuckles. “Love, are you OK?”
“He did that to his daughter too, remember?” Mary stretched out on the lounge chair as if she really was on holiday and wanted to enjoy a bit of sun. “Kept her like a baby doll.”
Sherlock studied Violet with his usual scrutiny as an ancient ceiling fan whirred slowly above them, doing nothing to chase the heat away.
Now Susan turned around, her face blotchy and her eyes bloodshot. She had probably been crying since Mary left for work. “Me. My stupid mobile and my mother’s stupid murderous boyfriend, that’s why. I wouldn’t want me to stick around either. I wouldn’t want to live with someone who helped a bloody criminal.”
He made it back to the flat without being sick. Once inside however, he let his rucksack fall to the floor, not caring about the people who lived below him. He barely made it to the loo before the tea, the tomatoes, the beans-on-toast, the boiled egg, everything he had eaten came straight back up.
“Playtime’s over,” Lestrade snapped. “No more games. I can make sure you don’t survive a second time.” He bluffed as he pointed his gun right between Moriarty’s big doe eyes.
But soon, the familiar and drab rows of council housing appeared. Sooner than John liked, Mary parked her little car behind a very nice Audi R8 luxury car. Next to the car, a petite woman was wearing a posh fur coat with a fuchsia cashmere scarf wound around her neck. She stood alone, next to a street lamp, smoking a cigarette. She was a dark-haired beauty who looked very,
“You first,” Sherlock had told Mary while they watched Toller skimming dead leaves off the surface of the infinity pool.
“Then lie to him.” The ice was back in Mary’s voice, the voice of a stone-cold killer. “If you tell Sherlock, he’ll tell John and I can’t,
Twenty minutes later, they sat in the room across from the storage room. It looked like any other restaurant office, plain furnishings, shelves filled with all trappings and artifacts a restaurant acquires after it’s been in business for nearly three and a half decades. On the wall hung the usual family pictures as well as the first dollar bill ever spent at the restaurant.
“Your tears will not help me solve this case,” Sherlock said coolly. “Your sentiment will only impede me. I need you to think. Think back and think hard. Remember everything you can about the woman who tried to abduct you.”
Violet had made another feeble token protest, but after being on the receiving end of disapproving glares from both Sherlock and Lisbeth, she retreated to the back bedroom.
“Think about it logically,” Sherlock counseled her, taking advantage of her drug-induced pliability. “Your father was a soldier, he followed orders. More than likely, he was ordered to protect Project H.O.U.N.D or draw up plans on how to utilize the drug once it was weaponized. You said that he had been killed because he said the “wrong thing to the wrong person,” that he disagreed with the decision to invade Iraq in 1989. Logic dictates there is more to that story…” Sherlock trailed off, letting her come to the conclusion on her own.
Violet sat up front with the officer, a young woman, barely out of her twenties. She looked too fresh-faced to possibly be an adult, much less a cop.
His head aching, he stayed on his side. He now regretted that choice. He hadn’t been able to see where he was being taken. When the car stopped, John had no idea where he was. He felt short of breath as the car door opened and a new police officer told him in very broken English to get out of the car.
chess, if John and Dupin were Sherlock’s knights going out to do battle, Bill was his rook. He needed Bill to hold down the fortress, or in this case, 221B Baker Street.
“Text him,” he brusquely ordered Paul. Then effortlessly he switched back to Italian and told the Professor it would be tomorrow before they could bring Peters over.
I see all of your lovely comments and kudos and appreciate every single one of them. Maybe I'll even stop being a piece of trash and start replying.... but I'm choosing sleep again because I am trash.
But there were lines and curves in his arms that hadn’t been there before, actual muscle definition. Since Sherlock wore a thin blue t-shirt and had taken off the unflattering flannel shirt he had been wearing when he first arrived, Mycroft could see how his brother had filled out. He wasn’t skinny anymore, but solid, lean muscle.
Once his eyes opened again, Sherlock saw John pinching the bridge of his nose in a vain effort to staunch tears. Sherlock suddenly remembered John had taken that same stance, in front of his brand new, gleaming gravestone, specially carved for him out of onyx.
“Wanna skive off and play video games?” she had whispered, like the impish teenager she was instead of the scared, sick homeless girl she had been. “Dr. Watson has games on his laptop.”
“Wrong. He’ll know that I’m lying.” When John only gave Sherlock a confounded look, Sherlock rolled his eyes, shook his head and coughed into his hand. “He’s known me since I was eighteen years old, John. He knows me well enough to realize when I am, as Mary quaintly puts it,
“I figured,” John lowered his own head, bitterness filling his heart. “But you said you and Violet had a lead, someone in Salt Lake City knows something. Anthea definitely knows something.” He looked up at Sherlock, “I believe in you. You’ll bring her home, I know it.”
“I can’t believe that thing fit you, but I could barely get into it,” Violet groused as Sherlock shimmied the gown down to his hips.
“I still want to work with you on cases,” John watched Sherlock take a tiny sip of scotch. “If I just cut ties all together, Mary would know something is up.”
Violet drove the rookie’s car away from the airport and into the suburbs, all the way to Falls Church to the rookie’s apartment complex. She parked the car in the garage and left her there.
“It wasn’t voluntary. My office was one of the businesses targeted by those terrorist attacks last March. The bombings, you see. My office was destroyed.”
“Oh no, but some company would be lovely, John,” Mrs. Hudson beamed. She peeked out of the kitchen door, smiling as she watched Sherlock fussing over his sheet music. “They really suit each other, don’t they now?” she sighed happily as she filled the kettle.
“I’ll correct him,” Sherlock now hurried after Victor. “I promise. How could this possibly be your fault, I haven’t seen you in months. How could I? You’ve been busy with your wedding preparations and I’ve-”
The name of the Professor's assassin Ward Beecher was inspired by Henry Ward Beecher, who was an actual Real Life person that was mentioned in the ACD canon of Cardboard Box. Apparently Watson admired Beecher in canon... I don't think John is very fond of the Beecher working for the Professor in this alternative universe.
Soon, she felt long elegant fingers gently hold her arms up. “Stay very still,” Sherlock commanded her in a hushed, gentle voice she had never heard him use before. Numbly, she obeyed him and listened to the sound of steel sawing through plastic. Soon her hands fell away free. Her fingers began to tingle painfully as proper blood circulation finally resumed.
“Oh,” Mary lowered herself onto the other hideous pink armchair. She bowed her head. “Oh,” she said again, more softly  this time.
He could not afford to be having sentimental thoughts about his own child before meeting with The British Government.
Slowly, they made their way to collect the rest of their baggage and piled it on a trolley. The women and John ganged up on Sherlock and bullied him until he grudgingly pushed the heavy trolley towards the exit.
“Jesus,” Violet said, going to sit next to him. Sherlock wasn’t lying on his back, but rather propped up on pillows, like he had been when he was still in hospital for the shooting. He shivered despite all the blankets he had piled on top of the nice green duvet he had. His face shone with sweat and fever. Violet could feel the heat radiating from him before she even put her cool hands on his forehead, then cheeks.
Meanwhile Mrs. Toller had brought Mary to the foyer just as Rucastle, Edward and Violet entered the room. Mary immediately perceived Violet’s hands were tied behind her back but her mouth dropped into a perfect “O” when she saw it was the little boy pointing the gun at Violet.
More important than kissing was that she had started to look better, not as malnourished or exhausted. Their fare was plain, but good, mostly rice, beans, plantains, citrus fruits and whatever meat was available, which was always an adventure to the two capitalists in a communist country. Violet had gotten addicted to Cuban coffee, Sherlock to Cuban ice cream.
Violet stood up and reached inside her comfortable white jumper. She drew out a silver dog whistle that hung around her neck on a silver chain. Never having gotten her dog whistle back from John, she had eventually gone out and bought a new one. She looped the chain over her head and crossed over to Mrs. Hudson, holding it out to her. “If anyone threatens you, blow on this,” she told the petite,  elderly woman. “Gladstone will attack the assailant. He’s a former police dog.”
“Tartarus,” Sherlock finished for him, practically prancing back towards the middle of the studio. “Hades was supposed to release her but he tricked her into eating the food of the dead so she would have to stay in Tarturus at least half the year. What he tricked her into eating was…” he spread his arms out wide, very dramatically. Then he twisted his wrists and pointed down to the floor, arms still spread out wide..."
on top of it. Complete with the three-headed hound Cerberus, the middle head barking wildly. Water came out of all three of Cerberus’s mouths. This Proserpine seemed more distressed than the one in the parlor.  She also had even less clothing than the Proserpine in the painting. The entire thing was ghastly.
“She’s been seeing the blasted doctor since we realized she had been poisoned and she’s not getting any better,” Sherlock finally turned around to acknowledge John’s presence. His eyes were colder than John had ever seen them. John actually took a step back.
. “This,” she had shoved the binder into Violet’s arms, “is everything you need to know about Edward. You will adhere to this to the letter. Especially to his schedule, it is critical that he follows the schedule
She smiled and opened her mouth but the door hinges creaked unexpectedly. They both turned their head and watched Gladstone nose the door completely open. Whining only a little, the Alsatian leapt into the bed with them.
“John, for once, I have been very honest with you. More honest with you than I am with most people, especially with my interfering adrenaline-addicted brother so listen closely,” Mycroft put the tea cup down again and leaned forward. “Moriarty is very alive and even more dangerous than you can possibly imagine. My brother cannot afford any distractions. Distractions like Victor Trevor. Or your charming wife.”
“What?” Disconcerted by the left turn in the conservation, Mr. Holmes demanded “Why not? He’s enrolled in university. We can help him with the eating thing. We’ve done it befo-”
? Someone desiring precision, rules, clear and concise direction on how to behave, which is why you were attracted to the military,” Sherlock sounded like his usual smug, insufferable self. “You joined the military during a time when any deviation from heterosexuality was frowned on. So you pushed your attraction towards men further down, so far down that you failed to recognize it when you were sexually attracted to a man, as you had been toward James Sholto.
“Yes,” she said immediately. “I believe you would in order to feed me inaccurate information so you could expose me when that information was leaked.”
While he didn’t love research, John never minded it either. He had been a bright pupil as a boy. While he didn’t graduate magna cum laude from medical school, his marks were nothing to look down upon either. Plus, Sherlock taught him the value of
He glared at Sherlock’s gloating post-it note and ripped it off the thick folder and binned it. He looked at his treadmill and decided against it.
dress... mermaid-style, skin-tight through the waist and thighs but billowing out around the knees with high-heeled open-toe sandals encrusted with rhinestones peeping out from the hem.
“See you Monday then!” Rucastle had boomed, in a much better mood now he got to spend time with his new best friend. “Can’t wait to meet the Watsons, I’ll have a car pick the lot of you up at 221B. Enjoy your Saturday.”
He suddenly remembered Violet’s angry warning to him that terrible, terrible December night, after Mary had lost the baby and Moriarty had danced away from them like the devil he was. But they had managed to apprehend Julia Stoner, the viperous twin sister of the Lady Trelawney-Hope (
“Don’t tell me what to do and I’ll extend you the same courtesy,” Mycroft’s voice stayed cool and calm. “You may want to relay a message to Agent Hunter.”
He cupped her face with his other hand. To the casual observer, it appeared he was merely a good friend comforting a very worried wife.
Sherlock opened the door and Miss Smith gracefully slid inside. Sherlock followed, slammed the door, gave the address to the cabbie and shut the glass partition between them .
John’s homicidal smile had widened. “I’ve been told I’ve a fairly good writer. I’ve also heard that a story doesn’t have to be true. It just has to be published. I’ve kept out the good bits, the interesting bits from my blog due to national security but… I could write a story. Fiction maybe, historical fiction, set it in 1895 perhaps. Put in just enough fabrication,” He had squeezed his pointer and thumb together. “To obscure the truth but just enough details so readers question what inspired the story. Picasso has this great quote, goes something like…”
“I miss drinking,” Harry stared longingly at a pub they drove past. “Oh, I’m not going to,” she spat, glaring at John out of the corner of her eye. “I’m not bollocksing up six months of sobriety.”
“On a Saturday? How inconvenient and how odd. Having a business meeting on a Saturday and on a national day of mourning.”
Abruptly, the woman was completely pushed  out of the car and to the pavement. The tyres squealed as the car peeled away.
Now, nearly eight months after that fateful meeting last March, she was bound more tightly  to the Great Detective than either one of them had anticipated.
Mary gripped the doorframe. “The day Sherlock took John out for his stag party, someone left a strange parcel on my front door. It was the size of a shoe box, containing a letter, a pre-paid mobile and several incriminating photographs.”
“Your accent is slipping,” Violet whispered as she let herself be pulled along. “You sounded Southern, not Midwestern just then.”
“Ironic, don’t you think?” Peters smirked as he watched his ex-wife writhe in agony. “For you to die in of heart attack in a town called
John started giggling again. “God, that’s awful. Thanks for that horrible mental image, Sherlock. I’m going to have nightmares for months now.”
“Oh,” Molly breathed then blushed. “I wish I could say no. I wish it never happened. But it… was. I thought he liked me. I thought… oh I was so stupid. Even though I didn’t know he was using me to get closer to Sherlock, I should have seen how he led me on. I acted like a complete idiot. He told me everything I wanted to hear and I fell for it hook, line and sinker. Once he got what he wanted, he disappeared. So… well, he didn’t hurt me as in…” her blush deepened. “Forcing himself on me but… he hurt me by leading me on then leaving.” She blinked, “And, you know, the whole-criminal-mastermind-trying-to-kill-my-family-and-friends bit.”
**Marie Devine is a character from the ACD original story "The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax."
“It was his fiancée who was murdered,” Dupin sounded completely unimpressed by Sherlock’s breathtaking deduction. “Now, if you’re finished showing off,” he ignored Sherlock’s murderous glare as he pulled up a chair. “Sara Govmux will be here any moment, along with the duplicitous Eduardo Lucas. She knew the holiday flat would be monitored tonight. She’s meeting Lucas to create an alternative plan of escape. Little do they know they are being recorded,” he kicked off his motorcycle boots and peeled off his damp socks, wringing them out one sock at a time. “A copy will be sent to MI-6 and another to Interpol,” he added with a satisfied grunt, wiggling his toes.  But when he didn’t put his socks and boots back on, he shrugged. “I don’t like shoes.”
“Fine,” Mycroft set his cup down again. “Our collective IQ’s are well above hers, but her emotional intelligence far outweighs ours. Also, her manipulative abilities are parallel to none. She knows no limits to how far she’ll go to get what she wants.”
“An extremely intense friendship with heavy sexual undertones that could evolve into a proper relationship if…” he trailed off, realizing he had just painted himself into a corner.
Yes, it was nice having another friend. Since John was so far away, standing next to Lestrade’s brother, watching two lives becoming one, it was a comfort to have someone else pick him up when he felt very down indeed. Someone standing at the bottom of the building as he fell…
Lady Smallwood smoothed down her skirt, wincing as her hands brushed her swollen, tender knees. “Well, Mr. Holmes, I will talk to the council and advise that we keep Agent Bellamy on.” She stood up tall again, trying not to wince as she did so. “However, if she fails in this task, I will recommend immediate dismissal.”
John listened and then shook his head. “Yeah, but it’s all in French. And morning? What time is it? They took my mobile and my watch and… everything.”
Sherlock blinked, taken aback. He was used to people telling him off for boasting about his intellect, not for the lack of it. “Stupid…?” he said lamely, utterly bewildered now. “
,” Dupin reached for a sandwich. “They are waiting on us. Noelie is particularly excited,” he added sourly, still unhappy about her role in this plot.
“Honestly,” the boy’s voice shook as badly as his raised hands. “I really hate these guys. I thought this was something cool, like paint ball or
“Oh yes, to keep the mobile on me at all times,” Lady Hilda nodded vigorously. “It rang on the third day after the parcel came. Of course the voice was computerized or Auto-tuned or whatever,” she shook her head. “The voice informed me that my husband would be receiving an important letter in the next few months and I would need to intercept that letter. Further instructions would follow. Then I didn’t hear a pip until,” she swallowed. “Last week.”
This is what John had told himself every day since he’d put Harry in the ground. Every night, his body betrayed his heart and mind.
But Sherlock saw Toller’s finger was not on the trigger. “You already informed me of that fact, plus you don’t plan on shooting her. That’s too quick. You’re planning on something horrifying and tortuous. Something painful so I suffer right along with her.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You lot really are unoriginal.”
“You may fancy a chat with your wife, sir,” Sherlock purred. “She’s been unfaithful and she gave you syphilis. Ta-ta,” and with that, he slid out of the taxi and slammed the door. He was safely inside Baker Street before the cabbie could recover.
“It doesn’t have to be true, it just has to be published,” Sherlock drawled. “Didn’t you learn anything from Magnussen, after your long… business relationship with him?”
So... yeah, apologies for the unexpected mini-Hiatus. Thank you all for worrying about me though. That gave me warm fuzzies :^)
Then there had been that one man with a toddler that Violet strongly suspected he had abducted from his estranged wife. He absolutely doted on the boy, took him out daily to the rusty old playground so he could push him on the squeaky swings or try making the merry-go-round spin for him. He always had treats and snacks for the kid while he looked like he could do with a good feeding up. While the chubby boy laughed and clapped his hands as he played outside, the man always looked around with a wary, hunted look on his thin bearded face.
Sherlock blinked. He had the strangest look on his face, the same frozen, confused one he wore when John asked him to be his best man. Then his face softened, looking human at last. His lips crooked up in a half-smile as he shook his head.
Violet started then had to stop. Angry tears stood out in her eyes as she glared at her left hand as the fingers perceptively curled shut far more slowly than her right.
As rational and logical as Sherlock was, even he had winced as he watched Brother Morris slump over then curl up into the fetal position. “Right,” he squeaked, then cleared his throat. “Right. We have,” he checked his watch. “Forty-two minutes before the Bellucci brothers arrive with Holy Peters. We need to tear this place apart, find Mitton and any other possible victims of this,” he toed the barely conscious Brother Morris, “Sadist.”
Whatever Sherlock had left to do for herself, John could not figure it out.  She was wearing the floral dress and matching
“You are going to do exactly what I tell you, when I tell you.”  Sherlock spun John around and grabbed the necklace, clasping it into place in a matter of seconds.
“Oh no,” Martin’s voice called from the door.  “Must you be so barbaric, Joan?  Could you not contemplate death by electric chair at least?  Most of your paperwork must be electronic by now anyway.  Seems fitting.”
Martin and she had even joked about having an open relationship one day -his point being that they were already in one with John’s attention shared by Sherlock.  However, as willing as he was to hypothetically sleep with other women, he was less willing to picture John doing the same thing with men.  The subject was dropped yet again and had not been brought up for months.
Molly continued, clearing her throat, “Right, so, like I said.  The sperm and blood in his throat matches his own DNA.  The cause of death was by something thick and rounded but not strong enough to cut through the tissue in the throat.  Which, with the DNA, leads me to believe-”
Arms contorted in ways arms normally do not bend so Beth could push her cheek against the dirty ground and present her pink arse to her Dom.  Alex pet her back and circled around her, slapping the paddle a few times to make them all jump in anticipation.
“Aw.”  Moriarty suddenly spun to Richard, the gun teetering between his eyeballs.  “Doesn’t she make an adorable pet?”
Moriarty tisked right away.  ”Oh, but I didn’t say you could eat yet.  Weren’t you listening to your Sherly?  Are you going to ignore your master’s orders?”
John turned the screen off and shoved it near Sherlock’s head, falling onto her friend’s exposed stomach in the process.  Her head would hurt like hell, but there was no way she was moving to bed now.  The fire was already dying out.  Sherlock’s belly was tiny but soft and squishy.  The shaved happy trail felt silky under her fingertips.
“We don’t see a lot of lesbian couples here,” Alex said warmly, saluting John with her cup of whiskey.  “It’s nice to see you out.  Are you new here?”
“Look,” John started, trying to be as reasonable as she could when there was a big purple cock mural still above her.  “I was wrong.  Clearly this is Moriarty having fun.  But you’ve beaten her before.  She’s left you a string of murders that you now know are definitely linked.  Once you look at all the pieces, I’m sure you can figure it out.”
Sherlock reached high in the cabinet and pulled down two dusty but unmarked and not burned pieces of glass and handed them to John to rinse.  “I admire your loyalty, John.  Above all else.  But I promise you, I can handle any assumptions myself.  I don’t care what people think.”
“I always hope you’ll learn.” Sherlock, with her always-perfect cat eyes, winked and grabbed something that looked like liquid gold.  “Close.”
Joan was the name on her birth certificate and John was a nickname from early army days.  It was a completely sexist name earned for her ability to ‘fight like a man’ but she appreciated the memory and the name stuck.
Martin would probably not appreciate her well established defense or any thoughts about picking up blokes.  Especially not in a ‘den of promiscuity’.  Prostitution was one thing to fake, but if Sherlock expected her to jump on a pole and start stripping, well, she had another thing coming.  Probably a heel swinging at her face on its descent from the ceiling.  John was not wearing a bra in this thing and she was not about to flash for a case.
I'm going to rename this from The One With All The Cocks... When There Are No Cocks to The One With The Neverending Bum Bag Joke... When It Really Should Have Ended.
“God no,” Sherlock slapped her hand away, repulsed.  “I need to observe.  We will be here for at least a half hour before I try anything.  Or should I say, you do.”
Martin had never admitted it out loud but it was obvious.  Most of John’s exes had been jealous of Sherlock, more than one asking if they were to be expecting a threeway anytime soon.  Their relationship was mistaken more times than Sherlock knew about.  Martin was the one that stuck around, even beyond the threeway jokes.
If you are looking to embark on any kind of BDSM journey with a willing partner, I wish you all the best of luck (and have no trouble admitting I am a little jealous).  However, this is not your BDSM guide nor is it good research.  I wanted to depict John/Sherlock as completely terrible newbies.  In this, there are concrete BDSM rules broken and Sherlock is kind of a manipulative SOB (as you could well tell) which is NOT what you want to do.  Play is separate from life (unless otherwise specified).  However, Sherlock would totally use this as a tool, especially when such a novice, and she would not magically know exactly what to do right off the bat (genius that she is) and would honestly fuck some things up, largely including the emotional aspect.  John would trust Sherlock way too much to do her own in-depth research so she would go along with it (as she did) until she got mad (as she did).  I hope that’s enough of a disclaimer and that you find good research on all the lovely websites out there :D
“You could always refuse,” Sherlock said simply, as if it would actually be that easy.  “But not tonight.  Tonight, you do what I say.  Call me either miss or mistress.”
In order to get John strapped in a vest full of semtex Moriarty had set up a food truck giving away free samples.  One of those free samples passed under John’s nose just as she was walking by and, really, Sherlock was a pain to get to eat when on a case and John was hungry.  One bite of special-made cheesey crackers and John stumbled into an alley where she passed out and woke up next to a pool.
“Why is he hoping for a doctor?” John called after her, looking at Richard as he failed to compose himself.
“You are always so offended when we are mistaken for a couple, on the rare occasion it does happen.”  Sherlock pushed to her feet and barely stumbled at all when following her into the kitchen but her sheet did fall to the floor, leaving her in only her underthings.  Matching, again.  “You always clarify how you are very, very straight.”
“Three Continents Watson!” Sherlock gasped.  “That’s where it comes from.  They were all from different continents!”
Sherlock watched the very flammable sock fly and crawled across the floor to move it away from the flames, clutching her sheet under her neck.  “You need new books.”
“That man has no part in this,” Sherlock spat.  “Our client simply needs us to prove his sister’s boyfriend killed their aunt.”
“Yes,” John grinned, knowing Sherlock would either delete the account or make her answer all the stupidity in the morning.  “But I dared you.”
Sherlock pouted, threw her back against the leg of her chair and crossed her arms, her hair falling across half her face, her sheet slipping down bare arms.  “Fine.  I already have my answer anyway.”  She tossed her head to the side and started up a pout.  Always so dramatic.  “I dare you to change your facebook so that your sexual preference reads you are interested in both men and women.”
Romanticized nonsense, Sherlock said.  Apparently like all the other drivel John ingested through her novels.
polite again.  The chubby man was still at the bar, losing his attempts at flirting based on the way the girl kept recoiling.  If John knew what info they were after she could be helping Sherlock instead of awkwardly catching some guy fingering his mate’s arse in her peripheral.
Beth’s crystal clear blue eyes fluttered up and she leaned forward.  Keeping her hands clasped behind her back, she pecked John on either cheek and slowly dipped towards her mouth, leaving one lingering kiss before darting back up and returning to Alex’s feet.
John rolled her bright pink lips together and frowned preemptively.  She would lick the color off in no time.  Personally, she liked the darker shades, but Sherlock assured her they washed out her face.
“You stayed up late last night fighting crime.  Thought you might be hungry.”  Martin winked as he dipped into his own sandwich.  He seemed to think it amusing what she and Sherlock got up to.  There was no denying results but the blog did make everything seem a bit more entertaining.
Alex smirked at John and turned back to Beth, running her fingers along the marks dotting her glowing jaw.  Beth tried very hard not to move but it was impossible for her fingers not to curl across her thighs.  Alex whispered something in her ear and it made Beth’s legs fall apart, her breath catching audibly.
She shook her head. “No, just… never had a mark shoot at me before. Usually they shout abuse and threaten to call the police,” she sniffled.
John naturally didn’t trust Sherlock’s sudden passivity. “Sherlock, your blood sugar gets too low when you “fast.” That’s why you get headaches and the shakes, mate. Yes, that green shit is foul, but drink a little bit, OK? You’ll feel better and we’ll let you go. I promise.”
Sherlock had ingeniously figured out a way to hide her motorcycle close to the flat. It wasn’t just  hidden behind the skip, but it was also chained to an old hitching post, a forgotten relic from the horse-and-carriage days. Violet knew repairing her motorbike was his way of apologizing to her. Violet also knew Sherlock understood how important it was for her to be able to blow off steam in a way that was a bit of out of character for “Miss Smith.”
“Not all the world’s secrets,” Mary rummaged in her rucksack now. “But a locked drawer usually means it contains something someone doesn’t want anyone else to see. At the very least, maybe we can get some dirt on the British Government, something to blackmail him with.”
She tucked the gun away, scooped up the box and bear and hurried away from the building, walking as quickly as she could to her car. As she walked, she constantly looked over her shoulder. Her heart thudded in her chest, convinced that Browner was waiting for her around every corner or even by her car.
