and she'd grit her teeth and stab the back of her hand underneath the table with the prongs of her fork to keep herself from revealing all she knew.
Silence. Someone speaking on the other line. Sherlock listens and thinks he hears a vaguely Welsh accent. He frowns slightly.
For the first time, the Dragon had wanted to make things
For Sherlock, the word held a number of unpleasant associations in his mind - the largest issue glowing in his mind like the fading echo of fireworks. Since the day he had come into this realm shrieking and snarling like any normal demon, he had been expected to grow up to embrace his calling, his nature. By one hundred years he had fully grown into both his horns and his tail, and yet still Sherlock’s libido lagged terribly. That wasn’t to say he wasn’t seductive, no. In his teachings he had been amongst the top of his class, if a class counted as a gaggle of demon children learning of their place in the universe. Sherlock knew how to move his body, how to draw the eye towards the softer parts of his form and away from the dead glint in his eye or the unnatural stillness of his silhouette.
Still Sherlock didn't seem to relax straight away, and John frowned in worry before his detective seemed to blink once and come back to himself, albeit slowly.
Iolite fixed John with a steady gaze, a violet finger reached out to brush along the victim’s neck. The ex-army doctor, unable to help himself drew closer. He found the Gem pointing to an almost nonexistent mark, tiny.
go tumbling down like a crumbling brick wall!”
the tired army doctor. John's voice was a soft rasp as he gently pleaded with Sherlock.
“John. Mycroft offered me a file on you. At the beginning of our friendship.” At the lifting of John’s eyebrows and the man’s dangerous glare, Sherlock hastily explained. “I refused, originally. It didn’t seem… like a good thing back then. I wanted to know you, without being influenced by Mycroft’s analytical judgement of your life. Now, though… with your permission of course…”
John wasn’t certain exactly just how intimate Fusion normally was. The Fusions he’d known had been made for battle, savage creatures taller than trees, able to take out whole fleets of battalions with single strikes. Yet Molly was looking at Tanzanite as if the Gem had just asked her to strip naked, and it was clear the detective was growing rather impatient with the expression.
It echoed in the boy's mind, bouncing around in the blackness as John tried to pinpoint its source. Like a rubber ball thrown inside an elastic room. John chased after it in his mind, knowing the voice, despite the fact that the song tried to drown it out. The further he ran, the closer the voice seemed to become, and soon it took on a frantic edge and John knew it, knew who was looking for him.
“He's trying to help Conrad, and we might very well need it-”
“By your logic, it’s not my world either. Yet most would say with my army record, I’ve contributed to its progression.”
character out of all the personalities, and you're not talking to him or any of the others for that matter unless you can guarantee his safety. Not to mention the fact that if John and him are as
But no answers could be found in the static of their minds. Every one of them was hiding themselves away from his mental probe, and to John this was the most disconcerting part. His blue eyes flicked to Murray and John saw that his friend wore a strangely pensive expression. He didn't ask if Bill had felt the weight too, if he had been sucked into the strange, time-slowing dimension that he had inhabited for that brief moment. For one, there was no way to do so without telling the others in the truck what had happened.
“You like my voice.” Sherlock stated, and it was not a question. John’s breath hitched, and blue eyes focused on the detective’s face, a look of pained pleasure crossing his features. Sherlock deliberately let his voice drop, becoming whisper-soft and deep.
John's posture curled in on himself protectively, breathing coming fast and shallow. Those eyes filled with numb sadness, cracking with horror and fear. His voice came, soft and terrified and pleading, and he looked up at Sherlock like he was a monster before muttering
Many thanks to
What he found instead was the wide, sunny smile that Hamish gave James as he lead him upstairs to his room, and the way James looked once up at the detective, large eyes blinking an unspoken apology. It was then Sherlock knew that the boy was aware of his heritage, and that he was ashamed of it.  Deeply ashamed.
“...Sherlock?”
In fact Sherlock couldn't see any indication that John had any family at all.
The creature was made of porcelain and blue sapphire, deep onyx curls sticking wetly to his forehead, contrasting sharply to the small droplet earring that glittered against his throat. The jewel was the colour of cyan, blue with an inner pulsating green, and reflected his eyes in hue as under the starlight as he stretched his limbs towards the sky. The muscles in his back were strong, evident from a lifetime of swimming and scarred from an existence in exile. Though the piercing in his ear denoted his royal status, the swirling scar on his chest exposed Sherlock's exile.
Sherlock bared his teeth hatefully. “Then there must be a way to break it.”
clearing of John's throat, Claude coming to stand almost shyly beside him, her hands clasped behind her back like she was meeting an admired idol. Sherlock tried his best not to preen at the image, although his petty ego quietly hummed in satisfaction at having yet another aspect of John focused solely on him.
just killed a man.”
To everyone’s surprise, it was Rin who responded. Her head was tilted to listen, and a moment before Benson called them, she spoke.
, but that could not be mistaken for
with old wounds and bruises, and the old woman
John spent the rest of the walk feeling like an idiot, and wishing he could take back words that were still only half-formed on his own tongue, lingering in the back of his throat like acid and making him feel only disgust for the human race. Disgust, and cold, cold fear.
Thank you all so much for reading this fic, and I hope you enjoy the ending. I've loved all of the kind comments, kudos and art I've received :)
Just when it seemed either Murray or the Colonel would spring to attack, there was an impatient sigh from the back of the line. Wilkes' head snapped reflectively about, and consequently so did everyone else's. John watched as the man's face turned from red with rage to pale with dread.
Something might have happened, come that morning. At least, if it hadn't been for the fact that London was woken up by an explosion, with a calling card that demanded one
I'd really rather not miss lunch if at all possible, and we have to go out on patrol later on today.”
It made more sense than
Daniel growled in his ear, the blonde man twitching and snarling in response as he curled his knees up to his chest. The bed was soft, but it made his skin itch. He shouldn't be here, he was a bomb ready to go off in a cottage tea party. He was used to deserts and battles and fists flying through the air. Alcohol bottles and knives were common place for him, not this soft expanse of tangled quilt and cotton.
you a clue.... Didn't you get my little note? Doesn't the great detective love his puzzles and games?”
And when it came to a head, it came at the worst possible time.
Sherlock was the only one that ran.
If he saw John Watson, or someone else.
When a protective, predatory growl rumbled from Sherlock’s chest John jumped, feeling the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. The Dragon’s eyes were narrowed to slits, reptilian and cold, and John startled as he felt his companion’s tail wrap itself about his right leg possessively. Sherlock’s voice was positively fuming.
Kudos/ comments make me squee :3
, instead seeming to value his opinion and even crave his company. It was strange, because John was so used to being ignored. So used to being lonely and just a little bit invisible. Yet it was impossible to be invisible under the watch of those blazing azure eyes.
Cerioth also transformed, although he was far calmer as he stood protectively in front of his mistress. It was the first time that John had seen a Chinese Dragon even half-transform, and he couldn't help but gape from underneath Sherlock's protective wingspan.
“I... I never had, really. Friends that is. Too boring. Too many people, too vacant. Those that weren't vacant were dull and
from before the War began, as such songs weren't sung very often by Humans any more. Anything that glorified Dragons
John’s lips, suddenly dry and cracked, were licked with a nervous dart of his tongue. His brow lowered in confusion.
“Hm, I think the first day really. I saw your experiment, the one with the thumbs. Knew you were trouble then.” His tone was almost playful, and for a moment Sherlock forgot himself, almost smiled despite the fact that his goal had been only to ostracise and get rid of the peculiar man who had rather forcibly wedged himself into his life. Pressing the last of the bandage to the jut of his collarbone he straightened, refusing to wince as he inhaled- unable to quite exhale fully. He reached for the button-down lying on his bed even as he spoke.
“I think it's something to do with that escaped Dragon, the one
A line of brightly coloured pins and jewels and robes, each young woman stood, allowed their faces to be painted by the apprentices that came forward with clay bowls filled with earthy reds and blues. Among them, Harriet stood. Her chin was held high, defiant even as her lower lip and chin were striped with a streak of darkest crimson. From where John crouched, he couldn't read her expression. However, the shape of her mouth was curved in a small, grim frown.
Just a little closer. John could feel sweat begin to pool in the hollow of his spine as he crawled awkwardly, chains tugging at his wrists. He could feel the metal trying to rub his skin raw, make him bleed. The young man ignored it in favour of cursing over his shoulder, now pounding steadily with his own heartbeat.
That glum thought comforted him briefly before he pressed on.
with the hot end of a curling iron.
Though Mycroft would undoubtedly complain.
Tentatively, she tried to take one step forward. The Gem wasn’t particularly thrilled when instead she just fell on her face.
It was all Mycroft wanted to hear, but he could pick out the
But he knew in that moment, that somehow he shouldn't be sitting on a roof when all that he thought of as lies was observing the town square with what could only be described as cool and calculating distaste.
It hurt him, in an odd way, to know that John probably did not feel the same things that Sherlock couldn’t help but notice lingering just under his skin, and just inside his heart. When he spoke, he thought perhaps that John could sense just a little of it, even though he did his best to hide its barb. He stumbled because of it, the weight of his sentiment unfamiliar and heavy on his tongue.
“Now or later?”
“Oh shit,
almost been put down in his presence. A mere one hundred pounds, dirt cheap for a dragon and the Military would reimburse him.
The ocean waves crashed outside, and John could somehow feel it in his veins. Sherlock needed saltwater, his body fast-struggling without its reassuringly cool taste and touch. Yet he knew that this would mean leaving the cabin, and leaving the Selkie on his own. The thought alone sent warning bells along the base of John’s spine. Anything could happen, the Selkie could be shamming for all he knew, playing hurt in order to play with John’s sympathies. The very thought caused him to eye Sherlock with mistrust, even as a breath left him in a huff of consternation. No, the Selkie wasn’t faking anything, not even the most brilliant actor would be able to mimic that thin sheen of sweat or the way the creature’s chest heaved as if he were a beached whale.
“Trusting Fae feels like playing with fire,” John retorted quietly, gazing out into the darkness. The grip on his weapon tightened, wood creaking under his hands. “It wasn’t too long ago they were
And there were certain things that were very hard to hide from medical professionals, especially if one is sharing a flat with them. Things even Sherlock Holmes might as well not have even bothered to disguise.
John’s voice was warm as he replied.
believe it. I'll prove it with actions, not just words.”
cost of war.
of glass. Like a dark moment before a blazing dawn, the detective treated John like he always had, demanding tea even as
“Hush now, Merina, the boy's allowed t' have some dreams still.” Grandma brushed off her disapproval like she was shedding water from her skin, steering John already towards the house. She babbled happily about fantastical creatures such as Dragons and the Fae, whispering imaginative descriptions of beauty and mystery into her grandson's eager ears even while guiding him inside. Merina looked on and shook her head, a small frustrated smile gracing her features before it slipped as her husband came to stand beside her. Harry was still checking her phone, and Mrs Watson's voice was too low for her daughter to overhear as she muttered.
Well that was unexpected. He felt rather stupid, now.
. Tired and ashamed. Tired of never having complete control. He looked up at Sherlock, and his expression was so utterly lost and wandering that it was a wonder that the detective managed to resist embracing him again.
The personality's answer is immediate. Lost as a distant star.
He miscalculated.
In response, the brigadier’s grin seemed to only widen, this time in unabashed triumph.
that was a painful realisation, that up until now, John had grown used to the sound of his own name on his Dragon’s lips. Sherlock stared resolutely at the ground, but his shoulders were squared as if for battle. His massive wings twitched behind him, as did his tail and ears, lashing like unsettled branches in the wind. His voice was a rumbling tsunami in his full form.
Claude, gentle and naïve.
Inside the cave, the sand was cool and damp. John felt it collect in the crevices between his toes, and he shivered with the abrupt realisation that he had somehow managed to leave his clothing behind. Goosebumps pebbled along the outside of his arms and the back of his neck, brushed by the cool sea air. Sherlock, however, seemed not to mind nudity, even as he knelt to lovingly scoop something into his arms. For a moment, John thought it to be a dress, however as the child turned to him, the boy saw it was something closer to a cloak. It looked like, well it looked like it was made of
one, and that was a thought that made John shiver uncomfortably, looking to change the topic quickly. Turning away from the balcony, he indulged Sherlock with a small smile. The Water-Spirit blinked at it, seemingly at a loss as to its motives. “C’mon then, show me your flowers.”
This year, John was making sure of it.
After a moment in which quiet hung heavy between them, John sighed. The man's eyes were filled with something unrecognisable as he drew away, and Sherlock made a faint sound of protest at the abrupt loss of warmth, despite the fact that part of him was relieved. He felt as though he could finally breathe, and he did so greedily, sucking in deep lungfuls of air as quite viciously he couldn't help but sway, struggling to remain on his feet.
to Sherlock, a burden. He was all but a
“You'll have to forgive Sherlock, he's a bit of a late sleeper. I didn't want to wake him, since he's still healing. He's been eating more, think he might actually gain some muscle if he continues getting regular meals into him.”
Now that the initial surprise was fading, the Scientist within Sherlock was dancing about like it was Christmas morning. It was rifling through the contents in his head, drawing out everything he knew about Dissociative Disorder and splaying it out like the hands of a card deck.
“Bet I can fly!”
Mrs. Hudson did not flinch, not even when Sherlock began to breathe mist about her. It floated around the room, fogging her vision and sending cool prickles of moisture to settle on her skin. She resisted the urge to shiver, standing her ground despite the Dragon's size and fury. She had learned that with those that were trying to bully, their bark was often worse than their bite. Though she somehow didn't think this creature made a habit of it, there was no doubt now that Sherlock was doing everything in his power in order to force her to subjugate.
Sherlock thought.
“I thought I might show you around the grounds a bit today, give you a bit of a tour. I imagine you haven’t seen bioluminescent flowers before. Fascinating things-”
Like a strange bird unfurling their serpentine body to embrace the sky.
Sherlock, though it was true that he did not see John's biggest secret, did see
“Amazing.” He repeated softly, reaching out one hesitant hand as if to brush Sherlock's shoulder. The Dragon flinched initially away, but then leaned into the touch as the soldier continued.
------------
“Don't try that again,” the figure said lowly and quietly, perhaps a bit louder than before but John couldn't tell. He hadn't heard him. His words were exaggerated, almost miffed.
John grabbed himself a beer and looked at his best friend for a long moment, mustering up the courage. “Go on a date with me? Tonight?” Yes, he realised it didn't sound like much of a proper question, but that's all that came out and the medical student was glad he got at least that.
Two years,
------------
Those pale, blue-gray eyes went to meet his own ocean blue ones - they practically stared into his soul. John kept his eyes locked with the younger man's, afraid to look at his face to see his expression. He feared being rejected. After a long few moments, that deep, chilling voice erupted the silence with a yes. John exhaled heavily in relief and he took a drink of his beer, giving a bright, crooked smile.
“I-I love you, Sherlock,” John’s voice cracked and he barely talked above a whisper, his voice sounding broken.
"I-I can't...my wallet...it's gone," the voice crocked.
The soldier let out a small laugh, “I just can’t help myself, you’re so beautiful, Sherlock, absolutely stunning. I cannot fathom how I got so damn lucky. You are absolutely perfect and I adore you to no end. I love you with everything I have, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, you mean the world to me, you wonderful omega.”
Chapter 4 - Part 2
That evening, John dressed in a suit - unusual for him - with a black, thin tie. He made sure his hair looked good before sneaking out of the flat. While Sherlock was sleeping earlier that evening, John had gone out and bought flowers.
"There he was, larger than life and so much more than I expected.." That's how John Watson would describe James Moriarty, though Sherlock had a whole other view on the situation. John was always one for the more dramatic twist on everything, he always over exaggerated things and made them seem much exciting. Although Sherlock Holmes was certainly one for theatrics, he would not go quite as far as to call James Moriarty larger than life. He certainly wouldn’t call him more than he expected, if anything Moriarty was less than he expected. The Consulting Criminal was short and friendly looking, someone that was made to read children's books. Surprisingly enough, that was the trick Moriarty used to make the youngest Holmes look like a fool.
Before Mycroft could do anything, the man pulled out a gun and shot Sherlock in the back of his head and walked out.
"Brother mine, hello," the voice of the so called 'Sherlock' replied.
“He’s a military man, he will know a bit about the military equipment that is being used.”
Before Sherlock could get anything else, he heard two gunshots, a cacophonous noise ripping through the night air. The Consulting Detective snapped back into reality as he saw the soldier hit the ground, looking over to see the criminal running off, one arm limp at his side, he’d get to him later.
John smirked and kissed him, “off we go, my bad boy.” John wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and led him downstairs, letting him hail a cab.
The buzzed alpha and intoxicated omega took a cab back to their flat, making out and touching one another hungrily and needily in the back seat before racing upstair. The moment the couple reached their bedroom, John pushed his prisoner to the bed and handcuffed him to the headboard with a devious smirk.
Sherlock dipped behind the dumpster, panting heavily. “Give it up, it’s over.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock watched John as he spoke, committing every speck of his face to memory, as if he hadn’t already, “I promise you, Sherlock. I’ll come home, it’ll be okay”
John smirked a bit, “then by all means, lead the way.”
The buzzed omega thought for a quick moment before sinking to his knees and pulling John’s pulsing member from his skin tight shorts. He gave a long, wet lick up his shaft and closed his lips around the head, sucking gently.
Sherlock heard exactly what he wanted John to say and brought him to the family bathroom, shutting and locking the door behind him before backing John against it and kissing him deeply
(Sherlock’s POV)
The Consulting Detective helped the paramedics load John up onto the ambulance, giving them everything he knew. Sherlock did his statement and ran off to find the criminal that had now injured yet another person.
The two smiled at one another and shared another kiss before John escorted his new husband to the dance floor for their first dance. The lights were dimmed slightly and a violin piece that Sherlock had composed and recorded started playing. The blonde let Sherlock lead him around the dance floor in a ballroom dance as they looked into each other’s eyes, both pairs dazzling. They could communicate their undying love and happiness through just their eyes and the way they moved.
Chapter 2 - Part 2
Sherlock and Mycroft had been watching the scene from upstairs on Mycroft’s computer. The eldest Holmes brother has set up a camera for them to watch. The detective was a nervous wreck the entire time, watching anxiously, fearful that his father would say no. Though, once the positive answer came from his father, Sherlock ran downstairs to meet John.
“Do whatever you’d like...Christ.”
John jumped and looked over, “what the he-?”
Mycroft smiled politely down at John and motioned towards Sherlock with one hand, “my brother.”
He quickly felt desperate fingers go into his curls and he suddenly took the alpha completely down his throat. Sherlock looked up at the blonde from beneath long lashes and earned several deep moans from the cop; which only fueled him to work harder.
When they went home, Sherlock made the two of them tea, sitting down on the sofa with his flatmate. They talked for hours and hours, seemingly never running out of things to talk about. John stood up and bid Sherlock goodnight, but he wouldn’t allow that. He quickly stood up and gently snatched John’s arm, pulling him into an embrace and meeting their lips in a soft, slow and loving lock.
(Sherlock POV)
"Ahh, yes, brother dear, I'm assuming you've made it back to Baker Street. Is your colleague filled with joy or hatred?"
------------
John came over to meet Sherlock’s father and ask for his blessing. After a long, emotionless talk from his father, over fine wine and a nice meal, Mr. Holmes stood and walked over to John, shaking his hand. He was given permission to ask Sherlock to marry him.
Everything had been going perfectly, John had never been happier in his entire life until now. He’d been married happily to Sherlock for about three weeks. Granted, it wasn’t long, but they went on their honeymoon the night after their wedding, the two went to Ireland, somewhere they had both wanted to go. They were both stress free and just overall happy. John couldn’t imagine ever being with anyone other than William Sherlock Scott Watson - he loved saying his name, calling him Mr. Watson, it sent butterflies through him, making him feel like he was a teenager again. John continued working, always excited and giddy to come home to find his husband there waiting for him. The soldier had recently been ranked up to Captain and graduated college, he was now a doctor in the army and making more than enough to support his husband and future children. He loved it that way, it meant that Sherlock could stay home and do whatever he wanted. Though John didn’t like traditional Alpha Omega roles where the omega was bound to the house to take care of children and housework, John certainly wanted to allow his omega to have the option as to what to do. Sherlock would work cases whenever he felt like it as long as he stayed safe.
The soldier smiled and kissed him softly and fondly. “I’m going to go steal one of those amazing cookies,” he winked and walked off into the kitchen.
Sherlock shook his head, “bystander effect. You shouldn’t have stopped. You’re human, you should’ve assumed that someone else would help and kept walking for your own safety, that’s how the human brain is programmed.”
“Yes, after I take care of one more issue.” Mycroft announced as he also stood, pulling an envelope from his pocket.
John blinked, brow furrowed against the morning light streaming through the window. “Have you been watching me all night?”
John sighed into a bite of egg.
“Because I was around 30 at the time.” Sherlock mumbled, poutily. “Ok. That’s enough gawking. Put it down.”
“I prefer more natural scents. The forest after a rain. Fertile soil. A man after a run. Tobacco smoke. Not dead plants and man-made chemicals.” Sherlock grumbled, checking under the pillows and inside dresser drawers for other sachets and such to get rid of.
“Ok.” John sighed, hitting the end button. He looked down at the twisted, crumpled body sprawled facedown across the sofa. “…ok.”
John left the subject be, although he was terribly curious how forty years could possibly be enough time to forget the gender of one’s child. He continued. “
“Not up for discussion.” The words sounded forced, as though physically pushed through his throat. “Lestrade. Give me a hand.”
In an instant, the coffee table was shoved against the couch, the chairs were nestled into a corner and all the stray paper that had become as common as rugs were half-assedly swept out of the way. And it was just Sherlock, standing half naked in the middle of the room, bouncing from foot to foot like the fight had already started and he was waiting for John to strike.
And if I'm late, the chapter is free!
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock crawled out of bed with audible displeasure. “I don’t know why it’s your bed all of the sudden. Technically, we split on it.”
They sat in companionable silence as they cruised through the picturesque countryside. John slowed from its previous high-pitched buzz as he watched the sheep wander over the lush green hills. Sherlock was right. It was going to be a very bright and sunny day. He could feel Sherlock getting more and more bored with every mile.
John took two tries to load the bow because it slipped off his shoulder the first time. But he loaded it. Then, he took a full minute to aim it correctly. Which was good. It was better to take time and be cautious than to shoot himself in the foot. Like Sherlock did his first time with a bow. Then he pulled the trigger, letting the arrow fly far and fast. A full yard away from the tree.
Also, most vampires in this universe do have fangs. Sherlock just had his removed as a kid (They grew in wrong)
John stole a chaste kiss from his mouth, then pressed it to his cheek, making the echoes die down to nothing more than a distant wind. “We can take it slow, one step at a time, anything you need.” Sherlock purred, the sound conveying what even ten thousand words wouldn’t manage. Relief, hope, the first blade of grass slicing through a long, harsh winter, catching a mermaid in the desert, the terror of being alive. John felt dizzy with it all as Sherlock pressed soft, lingering kisses into his carotid.  Across the hall and down the stairs, the door opened announcing the arrival of Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock hopped to his feet in an instant and disappeared from John’s sight. When he managed to pull himself off the ground, he found that Sherlock had put his shirt back on and the mood had completely dissolved.
"Maybe I'll think up something new in the morning," She sighed to the empty room, shutting off her computer and stumbling, defeated, to her bedroom. In her melancholy, she failed to notice the subtle click of her front door unlocking. She changed out of her baggy, worn 'house clothes' and, after a moment of consideration, decided against pajamas. It was going to be a warm night. Later, she might come to regret this decision. But she wouldn't regret it for long. Besides, it wouldn't have mattered either way.
John shot him an incredulous glance. He was considering the possibility that perhaps the words ‘nice’ and ‘relaxing’ meant something different in his language.
“Fine.” John conceded, setting down the painting. Picking up another immediately afterwards. “Wait, there’s an entire stack!”
John sighed. “Actually, I do feel a bit… queasy.”
It wasn’t.
“There was a maid that was away from work today. Ms. Marie Turner. No one knew where she was. She wasn’t responding to any calls from her co-workers, nor was she at home. I did some digging and it turns out she owns this conveniently large property with the intention of fixing it up and selling it. I decided to check it out and, would you believe it, I found a pair of kidnapped children.” Behind Sherlock the small family clung to each other, crying tears of relief. “Their father followed me, unfortunately.”
“If you like. Money, lodging, food, medical and dental care, if you prove to be a valuable asset to me, I can give you anything you need to sustain your life.”
“How dare you cross my threshold without permission.” Sherlock growled, flashing just a hint of teeth. He was in no mood to be receiving any visitors, especially not family. Which was why he had taken the precaution of turning off every function phone in the house and hiding John’s between the couch cushions. “I could call Mummy right now and have you beheaded.”
“I’m going to my room!” Sherlock announced after shooting his flatmate an incredulous and scandalized glance. “And no one is welcome in!”
It was only the size of a small letter opener, but it was sharp as a razor and a work of art. It was engraved to the point where it was no longer a solid piece of metal, but a kind of swirling, silver lace with fat, blue bumblebees set in enamel scattered across the length. This was no brutish tool for hacking apart meat or cutting rope. This was a delicate instrument, made with care and respect and to be used as such.
“It’s fake?” John hissed behind him, baffled he wasn’t told sooner.
He rifled through the clothes in his closet at a speed comparable to that of John’s typing. It was agonizing. He knew exactly what items he was looking for and their location in closet, if only he could make his body get to them faster. His legs shook lightly, likely to give out in roughly five minutes. Which was fine. After he’d gotten all of the things he was looking for, he’d no longer need them. Everything he needed would be delivered to him, perfectly wrapped in a warm, woolly jumper and a biting smile.
"Sherlock, calm down. I'm not angry with you." John tried diffusing the froth Sherlock was working himself into. Luckily, he deflated pretty quickly. "Actually, I'm glad you did... whatever you did. I'm just saying, next time try knocking."
Apparently, although the theory is fairly simple, the ability to actually do it was much more difficult and probably required magic. Sherlock had broken about three pairs of sticks and all of his patience when John’s head poked out of the burrow.
The detective inspector sighed, slouching against the bathroom wall. “They call it Consumption.”
"Very well. Woke up badly." He grunted as he sipped at his tea. A little cold, but still excellent. The taste of it sunk into his system like an internal massage. He took a seat at the kitchen table. "Are you one of those people who own fifteen of the same outfit? Because there's no way you slept in that."
“Yeah, I could be eating better.” That was the entire point he was here, after all.
He addressed the room in the same manner that an actor would address an audience. The harsh lights illuminating the scene only added to the dramatic effect, bleaching his skin bone white and deepening the shadows of his eye sockets and cheekbones."It was vital to the killer that she be conscious during the process, yes. But that's not what's important here. The killer obviously intended this to be a painting. So we must examine it as a painting. To find the artist, we must identify her signature."
“I just like to watch the way you move,” Sherlock admitted, practically skipping away.
“So, that isn’t just… how your skin is?” Sherlock had always been unbearably curious about that particular feature of John’s appearance.
(See the end of the chapter for
But that wasn't the case now. John felt very much in touch with emotions. There were about... thirty of them, currently. Most of them were directed towards the brilliant, insane, possibly psychotic man sitting across the table from him. They all seemed to be varying shades of confusion, shock and amusement.
“John, you need to tell me what’s going on. What happened?”
"That's why I'm calling, I'm at gun point and my wallet is in your office, so I can't prove my identity."
He rushed over the the ledge and kneeled down, looking over, watching for that figure to appear just once more, to prove to himself that he wasn't crazy, that he hadn't lost every ounce of sanity to his name. He stayed there, watching, waiting for what seemed like hours. Sherlock Holmes never came. John slumped back to his calves and rubbed his face, looking at his watch.
“Holmes?” John asked with a grin and glanced at Mycroft.
The moment John got pinned to the door and Sherlock dropped to his knees, he knew he wouldn’t last long. Sherlock tugged John’s rock hard prick out of the tight shorts and instantly took the plump head between his perfect lips, drawing a long, deep moan from the alpha.
The man looked at Mycroft and snarled, “то он бесполезен для наc.” Mycroft’s mind worked quickly to put it into English, ‘then he is useless to us.’
Sherlock slowly shook his head, “it's quite positively nothing, John. I'm simply thinking, you should be accustomed to this by now.”
“Do whatever you’d like..Christ..”
Sherlock used his free hand to pat his cheek, “you have to stay with me, John, just until an ambulance arrives.” Sherlock moved John’s head into his lap to keep his head elevated.
“What would like from me…Officer Watson? How can I be a good little prisoner?”
Sherlock and John at the bars for hours, just talking and laughing and smiling. At the end of the evening, John gave the raven-haired man his number and left with a kiss to the man’s cheek. Sherlock’s cheeks went red again and he felt butterflies flow through him as he watched John walk away.
“Sherlock..” John began to speak “I-“
Today, since he didn’t have a case on, the raven-haired man decided to bake some chocolate chip cookies for his mate to eat when he got home. Sherlock was never one to adhere to traditional roles that society had put in place but he absolutely adored cooking and baking for John. He knew it reminded his alpha of his mum but not in a way that made him sad - which was what the omega appreciated.
John frowned slightly, “I was the only one that saw, I had a gun on me.”
'No. It can't be..' John thought to himself, his jaw dropping. He opened the door fully.
Sherlock looked at the man for a long moment, intrigued. He wouldn’t prod anymore, John needed to rest. The raven haired man stood and paused before walking over and leaning down, pressing a light kiss to the soldier’s cheek.
The gun slipped from his hand as well as Sherlock's phone and his hands shot to cover his mouth with a gasp.
John stayed awake for just a few moments longer, almost as soon as the sirens were within ears shot, the man passed out.
Mycroft hummed in thought before agreeing, the brothers made a plan. He went over to the blonde and introduced himself, striking up a small conversation in order to gain the Captain’s trust before he stood, “follow me.”
Standing there on the other side was a tall silhouette of a man, features unreadable due to the bright street lights behind. John furrowed his brow and opened the door a bit more so he could move to the side to get a better look at the mans features.
“I know.”
John smiled and walked over, kissing Sherlock’s head. “Hey, my busy bee,” he grinned and looked at him, taking off his beret.
John walked over as Sherlock looked at him with bright eyes, “thank you for all your service,” he said eagerly.
John and Sherlock’s first encounter is a chilling story, but not one for today. Today was a much more important day, one that they both treasured much more than any other day of the year, perhaps more than any day in their entire lives. Today was the wedding day - the day two lovers waited for eagerly and impatiently. Sherlock Holmes was getting married, something he never thought would happen. The Baker Street Duo had been put through many trials, they’d gone through rigorous cases, they’d both been hurt, worried. They had both experienced loss and sacrificed. They were able to mend a relationship after a two year faked suicide. Not many people could manage that, but John Watson and Sherlock Holmes could. They built a life together after Sherlock came home. John showed more love to Sherlock than the man had ever experienced in his entire life. On Christmas day, 10 months ago, John gave Sherlock a present that he would never forget, John Watson gave Sherlock his past, his present, and his future, making a thousand promises with one titanium band. The blonde man proposed to Sherlock, asking the younger man to be by his side forever. The Consulting Detective would never deny John, especially of that. Now the day was finally upon them.
The case that led to the call that led to the jump, now it was time for a new chapter. A lonely, inebriated one. Caused by the fact that the one, the only consulting detective decided to jump off of a bloody building to his death. The call that very scene that stopped John Watson's very world, he hasn't done much with it since then.
The mysterious man in the doorway put his hands up defensively and in surrender, the coat dropped off his left shoulder.
The eldest Holmes shook his head, “you’ll both be in more danger back at Baker Street.
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes," the voice struggled out, breaking into a hacking cough. "Call Mycroft if you must," the man said in a low, broken whisper.
“T-that’s in a week,” Sherlock whispered brokenly.
The couple downed them just as fast as they got them and wedged their way onto the dance floor. As soon as the cop saw his prisoner turn around, he grabbed the man’s hips and pulled his back against his own chest, rocking his hips with the music as Sherlock rocked the opposite way. John caught strange looks from Lestrade, Anderson, Donovan, and many others that the duo worked with on cases, only making his own smirk grow. The alpha had been dying to show off their relationship and as soon as he knew they had everyone’s attention, he licked up Sherlock’s neck and to his ear.
Mycroft smiled, “I’ll leave you to it.” With that, the eldest Holmes brother walked away.
John blinked in pure confusion and hesitated before answering. “Well, you were in danger.”
John opened his mouth to protest just to watch the tall detective stand and disappear into his room for the rest of the day.
Once they arrived, Sherlock fluffed his hair out in the window of the cab and dragged his mate into the loud party. He grinned as he felt the pounding music in his chest and saw the strobe lights reflecting off his alpha’s slightly sweaty body.
There was no response, Sherlock frowned and repeated himself once more - still no verbal recognition to his statement. Just as the man went to stand up to see if the man had escaped, he found himself eye to eye with the gunman, the firearm pressed against his forehead. The raven haired man slowly put his hands up as a sign of surrender. The man’s brain calculated every possible way to get out of the situation.
The blonde caught himself staring at his mate, a small smirk plastered over his lips. Sherlock looked absolutely gorgeous, breathtaking as usual, but this was another side of him. One that was completely intimate, but yet so beautiful. John knew others would see his mate like this, but that was okay, because the soldier got so much more than the view, and at the end of the night? Sherlock was going home with him, laying in bed with
“What the hell?” He groaned and rubbed his hip, opening his eyes to see black oxford leather shoes. He watched, soon seeing the heels of the expensive footwear as they started moving away. His eyes trailed up black trousers to find a long black coat. He finally reached the back of the person's head, black curls on top.
John jumped back at the sound, quickly pointing his gun. 'Hallucinations don't speak, they don't knock, who is this?!' John thought frantically to himself. The whiskey hadn't been enough to bring John to such an intoxicated state to lose himself and bring the man back. He'd only had a little over three shots.
The taller man let out a soft laugh, “and I love you, Dr. Holmes-Watson.”
John took him to the Galvin at Windows, treating him to an expensive dinner with fine wine. The raven haired man continuously tried to get the cheapest thing, but John wasn't having that. He consistently told him not to worry about all that, and eventually, the consulting detective listened. The blonde found himself unable to take his eyes off the omega, he was beautiful, and of course, John made it a point to say it constantly.
The mates went at it well into the early hours of morning before falling asleep draped over one another in pure exhaustion and love. Even now, after how drunk they both were, they had pictures and vivid memories of that Halloween evening.
"What the fuck?! You're such an arrogant bastard, you know that?! You're such a dick! You can't just fucking disappear like that and then rea-fucking-ppear like this and expect everything to be okay!" John shouted at the top of his lungs, grabbing the collar of Sherlock's shirt and shoving his already weakened body against the wall causing the Consulting Detective to collapse to the floor with a yelp of pain.
“John, you’re staring again. If you have something to say, say it.”
He stood and gave himself a final look when he heard the doorbell ring. He went over in utter confusion and swung it open, seeing John standing there all dressed up with a bouquet of roses in his hand and a giant smile on his face. Sherlock couldn’t help the nervous laughter that erupted from him but, quickly changed pace once he noticed he’d made the blonde nervous and a touch uncomfortable. He quickly took the flowers, and apologized, before pulling his counterpart into a deep hug.
"Just calling Mycroft Holmes, to prove to you," the man said hesitantly. He dialed a number quickly as he saw John's knuckles go white from holding the gun too tightly.
He looked at the alpha with swollen, red eyes. “T-That’s in a week,” Sherlock whispered shakily.
The police officer panted and barely noticed his prisoner fixing him and stuffing him back into his shorts. His prick still bulged in the leather despite his softened state - one they both knew wouldn’t last long.
The omega’s heart skipped a beat and he stared up at John for what seemed like hours, to him, and then Sherlock uttered his answer in his baritone voice
Both Sherlock and the criminal’s head shot over to see who had spotted them, the gunman moving his pistol to point over in that direction. Standing in the light was a short man. He had a cane, dressed in a jumper with a button up underneath, his free hand behind his back.
“Happy Halloween, Sherlock.” The alpha panted out with a grin, bliss all over his face.
He watched as John struggled to speak and he quickly got up, going over to his mate and John suddenly pulled him into a tight, close hug, probably one of the closest hugs they’ve ever had.
After everything the siblings did together to stop this from happening, Mycroft Holmes watched his baby brother die in front of him. Every day, Mycroft wished he had sent his brother back home to John. That he would've not let any of this happen. What Sherlock went through was the ultimate sacrifice to those that he cared about. Now, London was free of Moriarty, John Watson would never be in that danger again, everyone Sherlock ever worked with wouldn't have to worry about James Moriarty returning in another way. Sherlock Holmes made a sacrifice of his life to keep everyone safe. Though, what he never saw was the impact that his death took. Jumping from the roof brought John into depression, drove Philip Anderson into insanity. Everyone that had ever been around Sherlock blamed themselves for his death. He was truly missed, and no one but Mycroft Holmes knew the true story. The fake one was better for the public. John Watson worked his days away bringing Sherlock’s name back to glory. Anderson tried convincing people he was alive. Mycroft Holmes lived with the guilt of being the reason no one had the privilege of being with Sherlock Holmes ever again.
Once his mate took more of his member into his hot, wet mouth, John’s fingers gripped the man’s dark curls as his head thudded back against the door, rewarding his omega with moans.
“How?” He looked back at the blonde.
Sherlock whimpered in concern “You’re scaring me, John.”
His chest full of air, weight starting to move forward. Then there it was. A heavy hand on his shoulder, not a woman's touch, the hand was too big. It pulled him back off the ledge, almost aggressively. John let out a puff of air as he fell back onto his bum, the alcohol falling out of his hand and smashing.
He stood there on the edge, looking over the extravagant city of London, the city that he came to love so dearly. His eyes scanned around. He’d been in the hospital beneath his feet countless times, saving life after life with haste. Every day became harder and harder. At this point he only had one person to live for, but it wasn't the same anymore. His eyes trailed down to the solid pavement beneath him, oblivious people walking and rushing around on the late night streets of London. Then the picture came into view. A body on the cold hard ground, motionless, ignored, blood pooling out of a destroyed skull. He shook his head quickly, tears forming quickly as he stumbled backwards with a choked sob.
Mycroft lead him over to where a slightly shorter man with dark curls atop his head. Sherlock looked up with a blush, “Sherlock Holmes, it’s a pleasure to meet you,” the younger man introduced himself.
Almost every evening would be spent with any sort of alcohol he could get his hands on. He could never understand why Sherlock couldn't go long without smoking or shooting up with drugs. Now everything was so clear to him. Sherlock had been depressed and it was a release for him. Just as alcohol was now a release for John. The doctor knew he should stop but he couldn't. Time and time again, he would promise it was his last one, and time and time again, he would pick up yet another bottle and drink until he forgot.
A few days later, when John was released from the hospital, he found Sherlock’s blog and a number to go with it. He had gotten the man’s name from the Detective Inspector from Scotland Yard - Gregory Lestrade.
Their soft words sent the couple into a small giggling fit and John smiled wider than Sherlock had ever seen. “Through everything, you’ve always kept me going, I was so blind, and for that I apologize deeply.” They soldier paused, “if you hadn’t come into my life either of those times? I wouldn’t be here today.”
Mary had been nice, and part of John had been drawn to that simple kindness like a thirsty flower reaches for rain. It was a little pathetic, really. He hoped he hadn’t come across as completely lonely and pathetic. He could need a friend, out here. Well, a friend outside of kindly old women and occasionally murderous Selkies.
of breath that Sherlock released, heard the faint squeak of his shoes as they slid across the hardwood floor. John could feel himself fall into a sort of lull, floating across a still in time even as his friend's voice carried on.
John scoffs, eyebrows rising.
It was so Sherlockian, that the army doctor found himself chuckling. The sound was almost hysterical, and Mycroft watched unamused as the man collected himself, shaking his head as his blue eyes glowed with determination. It didn't matter, in the end. For John wasn't leaving, couldn't any more, not even if he tried. Not because any one would stop him, but because he'd never be able to convince himself to do so in the first place. For a world without Sherlock.... was improbable. Rather, impossible. For John, it was like sentencing a man to his death.
of them are me.... I just want them gone....
Not wanting to know. His throat felt unusually tight. Like he was being slowly strangled.
“Stop it.
On the outside, he would pretend he slept well, go to work and attend meetings and never falter. His assistant was the only one he was held accountable to anymore after all, and even she couldn’t read his most subtle of tells. There was only one person who could ever really do it, and she was a woman with which Mycroft had an admittedly mixed relationship with. Still, she was very much sometimes the only one that could perhaps see Mycroft for who he truly was sometimes, under the outer armour of government official that so easily fooled even Sherlock Holmes.
Sneak sat in front of him, eyes wandering to his lap. The question startled the personality, as much because it was
Full meals.
He purred.
“It has to be.” Sherlock murmured aloud. It didn’t sound particularly convincing. The stone statue above him seemed mocking, a physical manifestation of all the Spirit had lost. Not for the first time, Sherlock felt an urge to rend it to ashes. He wouldn’t, and couldn’t. It didn’t mean that his hands didn’t still shake, and that the sky didn’t sound as if it were splitting itself apart with his rage.
It was the first time that John ever truly felt cruel towards his flatmate, and the twisting feeling didn’t leave him for the remainder of the meeting.
High above the village of Recheinbach, a heavy cloud hung at the edge of the gate. It was dark and cumulus, and in an otherwise clear sky, it stood out like a sore thumb, outlined by the silhouette of the sun beginning to set. On first appearance, said cloud didn't seem particularly innocuous. Rather it drifted alone in the sky, brooding and somewhat lonely, despite having two figures seated upon its mist. The two figures held remarkable likeness in the way in which they sat, facing one another from about a foot away with their legs folded. The first man had a carefully- combed shock of ginger-brown hair, his skin as pale as the light blue opulent robe which adorned him. Its fabric was the colour of frost upon a window-pane, his eyes a nearly colourless blue.
With a sigh, Mike hung his head, knowing he
and I have made the mistake of catering to some of the...
Blue wanted to run.
He was surprised when the army doctor didn't seem to mind his meltdown, not touching but not quite moving out of his line of sight. Sherlock found himself staring into those blue eyes, catching his breath, arms automatically curled about his chest as an unexpected wave of self-loathing washed over him, sharp and visceral. He had the sudden and fierce need to hide, because under his own hands his hips did not feel right, and there was a startling empty feeling that gutted him between his legs. The shadowy feeling engulfed him, and he didn't know why, but he was trembling, and biting the inside of his cheek because all he could think about his how
It was merely his blood stirring, preparing him for when he was older. It still burned him, like magma slowly replacing his blood. Dripping, dripping into his veins. It had clouded his thoughts, that rounded face and blue eyes, and Sherlock knew he had found what it was that
The last thing Claude heard before she slipped away into the darkness again was Sherlock's promise.
” His voice trailed off then, cracking slightly, and John's eyes turned thunderous and stormy. He could read the words left unspoken, unsaid.
He wanted to ask why Sherlock seemed to hold the opinion that they were going to die, and also question how he could seem so unconcerned about the whole affair. But the Dragon was already sashaying his way out the door, not a scrap of clothing protecting his modesty as he flounced out into the hall.
do such a thing, and that not even Mrs Hudson would have been able to stop him, should he have chose. Truthfully however, he was not sure that John would have stayed, should he have done something so utterly, completely unforgivable.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, and he opened his mouth as if to argue. However a snarling Welsh accent overtakes John, and his body becomes looming and threatening despite his stature.
“You can’t control your Dragon, he doesn’t accompany you for these missions. If he’s not back by the time the sun rises, you’re going out on your own with the other men for this mission. Get dressed. Murray’s part of the group Morstan’s recruited and he’s already on his feet. We meet at the gate. Don't worry, if all goes well you’ll be back in time to care for that fugitive Dragon tonight.”
“I think that's
give my heart to some mortal.”
Dragons from a young age had a distinct need to Claim things, to mark them as their own. Sherlock explained this to John the first time Elena sank her newly formed (and wickedly sharp) teeth into the leg of John's chair.
The person he heard sobbing at the other end sounded terrified, and for a moment his thoughts froze, calculus homework melting away to be replaced with a cold fear. The idea that something had happened to his sister made the irrational side of Mycroft’s thoughts rear in ugly directions, and a part of him felt sick with expectation of the worst.
on a good price. Completely ignoring the woman's feeble objections to his movements he stood, knowing that Daniel would give him a chewing out if he got them all arrested. Not that they hadn't gotten a night or two in the drunk tank before, but violence tended to have charges attached to the end. Conrad wasn't necessarily the brightest of the Others, but he knew that much. So he didn't strike out, and instead went outside of Tesco's and tried to pinpoint exactly
“Where are we going?”
From then on she had power, and from then on, she stopped aging.
. Or even if
suffering. After all, we are just split facets of
He realized with a distant kind of horror that he had dropped The Clicker.
“Fine. But if you get caught I am
John traced a hand gently over the man’s collar-bones absently, and something in his dark blue eyes seemed to suggest that he knew Sherlock was fibbing, just a little. An amused smile quirked on his lips, and he curled closer to nuzzle the underside of the detective’s jaw. The rasp of John’s stubble burned pleasurably along the sensitive skin found there. Sherlock couldn’t help but note absently the firm, warm press of John’s cock against his thigh. The feeling was not unpleasant, but the familiar edge of expectation made his nerves skitter a bit. He worked to restrain them, and had gotten better, but still his partner seemed to sense the minute tension in his shoulders.
She could feel him, John. Asleep, deeply asleep. Tucked away so that he couldn't see their hands that
John.
Sneak's slow, curling smile was content and blissful later on that evening as he lay with Sarah in her bed, content to spend the evening and
Once inside and safe from the sun, Lestrade apparently had no qualms about shedding his seal pelt. John was surprised at much he was getting used to finding naked men in his home, and how little it really phased him. The army had taken away most of his shame, and this whole ordeal had seemed to finally kill it.
He’d recognize John’s tone anywhere, even if he were blind and wandering through a deep forest on a frigid night.
“One day, you will meet a Human that will make you wonder how you ever thought something so terribly wrong.”
are tiring as usual.” His speech was perfunctory, bleak even. For someone so young, it took Mycroft aback. Dark eyes seemed to assess him, stripping him of his layers of upbringing and revealing the socially awkward teen beneath.
“Tanzanite. That is my real name, John.” Those eyes, pale blue blinked, and John caught a moment of predation in which Sherlock’s pupils expanded, nearly taking away the colour of them, drowning them in black. It was what the soldier used to see the moment before a wild Gem would explode into power, attack. Before he could register it however, the detective was on their feet. Still devastatingly tall, they flounced past John towards the kitchen, hips swaying to an unnamed beat. Over their shoulder, Sherlock murmured “Your Gem is a weapon-type, that’s why your hand isn’t trembling with threat.”
Gems did not have sex.
It was with a quiet, heavy voice that John spoke, half believing Sherlock had fallen asleep.
usual warnings should be heeded, of course~
The Dragon tilted its head at both the words
He was not overly feminine, but just enough to somehow soften the detective's appearance a little, make him seem not quite so cold.
“So. Where would
His younger brother seemed to love all of Mycroft’s forms unconditionally, nulling his secret fears. He was loved by both his mother and father, but he worried about the new Hatchling that came to his life one snowstorm-driven day.
John suffered with a smile through an hour’s worth conversation about bees- all mentally spoken as now and then one of the other Dragons interjected with their own opinions. Across from him, Bill wore a similarly pained expression. Though being a Thrall had some perks- being subjected to such banal topics that seemed to endlessly fascinate the Dragons wasn’t one of them.
A second later, a chirpy voice replied on the breath of the wind. Her voice was an eager acquiescence.
Babbling, actually, in fear.
“It occurs to me that M'lord in the back is suffering from fever....Which no doubt is causing him no small amount of discomfort. There is a cooler underneath your seat with some wet wipes in them. It's not much, and he might consider it disrespectful.....but...”
Without preamble the man handed over some cash. John was just putting the coins into the register when the ding of the machine nearly drowned out the customer’s voice.  Sherlock’s voice was questioning, and it held in it knowledge it should not possess.
made you wait for a chance to come see me?”
“You’re
blue, that the voice that sang from those bowed lips was
Of course, then there were the times between cases and between moving furniture around that the
counterparts gained control for too long. Why would your death inconvenience me? When you're not the only 'experiment' to emerge from Baskerville as a partial success?”
He grinned at the last bit, eyes sharpening in a predatory way again. He reached out almost casually and stroked a White Collars' head, grabbing a lock of her soft ginger hair and bringing it to his lips in the mockery of a kiss before he laughed at her petrified growls and turned towards the exit. His last words rang in John's ears, echoing dreadfully down the halls in bell-like shivers.
However he hadn’t expected John to completely cut off all ties of knowing him, shutting down almost completely into a protective sort of ball of tension as he sat in the chair next to him. Though he answered each of Seb’s questions directly, his responses were curt and pointed. Those dark blue eyes blazed in silent fury as the man had the gall to ask for their help even while systematically belittling Sherlock in every other sentence.
“Those things will kill you.” His friend had muttered by way of greeting, shivering even as snow fell about the two young men, drifting between them. Sherlock didn't answer, not the slightest bit cold, partly due to constitution and partly due to the fact that he was still running on the last dredges of a high. The creak of his ribs was a welcome blossom of pain as he shrugged, warm and tingling as he responded softly “Breathing is boring.”
He still could not prepare himself in time before he was thrown across the room at like he was nothing more than a marionette with cut strings. The force of the impact knocked the wind out of him as his back hit the wall of the flat and his head cracked against the concrete, the velocity of the impact sparking fireworks behind his eyes.
Manu and Ra wanted war. They pushed their father again and again, urging him to allow soldiers to try and take the Dragons’ land. Rania remembered those arguments, the shouting and screaming that took place. She remembered when her father eventually cracked under that pressure, his powerful frame bent and broken under his sons’ constant attacks on his character, his position, his honour.
That snap came with the soldier’s heated words, reaching out to his Dragon in an attempt to shake him into understanding, or at least stop the man from wearing a hole into the dirt floor. With the touch of John’s hand, Sherlock whirled around with a snarl, and
His shoulder twinged with the weight of the bucket as he hoisted it up from the water. Later, the ex-army doctor would blame that physical pain as the reason why he didn’t notice the shadow of darker water slowly approaching him. John felt the hand snake around his ankle and had just enough time to suck in a startled breath before inhuman strength dragged him under, the pail still clutched reflexively in the man’s grip. The water was shallow enough that John’s head struck against stone as he was put on his back, and forgetting himself the man inhaled a pained breath, only to swallow saltwater into his burning lungs. John retched and coughed, struggling to gather his bearings even through the ringing in his head. Red painted his vision, adrenaline causing his heart to pound even as the shadowy hand dragged him forward, deeper into the ocean with brutal and unforgiving force.
a put-upon sigh, scratching the back of his neck before seeming to level his shoulders in silent determination. When he unzipped the edge of his jacket and pulled out a thick green-covered tome, Mike raised his eyebrows in disbelief.
John remained unconscious for the rest of the night. Twice, Sherlock debated calling the hospital. Yet his friend’s vitals appeared to be fine, and for the most part, it was as if John Watson had merely fallen asleep. Still, Sherlock carried the stocky soldier to his room, depositing the man upon the bed and after a moment of consideration, tucking him in. The detective refused to sleep for the rest of the night, lest his friend’s condition change. John talked in his sleep, and in the dark, Sherlock could only make out a few shattered words. What he heard made little sense.
The Selkie's voice seemed to mix with the melody that howled on the blackened wind, rising to sing a haunting counter-point.
hadn't managed to get the medical supplies and weapons they had been seeking.
He firmly closed the file in his hands, shutting the words
while maintaining a shift in Human form. Greg smiled crookedly, shrugging Mycroft’s interest off casually.
It sounded like danger.
the Handlers had talked about putting him down....
“I wouldn’t if I were you.” He drawled lazily, blue eyes looking at Mycroft. There was a smirk lingering in the man’s face, cupid’s lips seeming to take pleasure in the opportunity to snub his unwelcome guest. “That is, not unless you want to end up an ice sculpture for his garden.”
, I know how long you have been waiting for this moment.”
is her filter of emotions. Molly experiences both our feelings towards things and then… projects how Iolite expresses them. It’s… she thought it was rude, and rather rightly so, for me to unintentionally express my feelings to you while Fused to her.”
Sherlock's muscles strained with the impressive leap he made over the couch he'd stacked in front of him, half-Human shape landing animalistically on all fours as a threatening snarl emitted from his lips. He landed on the balls of his feet, wings flared protectively about him like massive sails as a shuddering hiss like the air leaving a can of soda rushed from his teeth. He eyed the intruder warily through slitted irises, scales shifting eerie and threatening shades of menacing green and hazard-yellow. He was caught between shifting into his full-form and staying in his half one, still too strung out to think coherently, unsure if the small creature before him can be considered a sufficient threat. She stood firm but mousy-looking before him, and the logical part of his brain insisted she'd be no more than a mouthful to eat in his full-form. Still her eyes are strangely clear and omniscient, and she gazed at Sherlock unflinchingly though her knuckles curl at her sides and give away her suppressed fear. Her scent was calm, and lingered in the air the faint aroma of chocolate and orchids. It made Sherlock think immediately of the cake still lying tucked away behind his fortress, and for a moment his growls faded away into a faint sound of confusion as his stomach gurgled piteously. Though in the next instant he reigned in his biological betrayal, the old woman before him smiled kindly, seeming to have heard his silent protest. When she opened her mouth, Sherlock tensed, preparing to lash out at the slightest provocation. Sweat beaded the back of his neck, the desire to
Mycroft says dryly, arching a brow. His smile is smarmy and makes Daniel think of rattler snakes and rats. Things he would have shot in the desert without hesitation.
in time when Sneak's eyes fluttered shut, and he slumped
He opened his mouth to voice such a thought, daring to utter it aloud.
Mycroft hadn’t noticed the boy when he first came, but he had an idea of just who the child was, and so could explain the enchantment that melted away and revealed him. He looked to be about Sherlock’s age, though smaller. His eyes were dark, and restlessly flicked from face to face as he crowd-watched. He’d taken no interest in the proceedings before, but now he looked up at Mycroft seriously. The expression he wore was nearly bored, if Mycroft had to give it a name. He spoke, his voice flat and musing.
“Who is this?”
Typically, Sherlock didn't respond. Instead, the creature parted his lips and sang softly, cradling John's face between his hands. When he sang, John felt as if the world was melting away, a gentle lull in which the knot of pain that was shooting up and down his wrist and the tightness in his chest couldn't help but ease.
“I'm called John. John Watson.”
to vow with, he’d said those words. He pressed his hand to his chest, where no pulse drummed. What good was sacrificing such a thing, when inconvenient feelings still somehow managed to dig their way into him, tormenting him? In Sherlock’s mind, he saw Moran’s hungry gaze at John, saw it in the memory of Irene’s crumpled body, surrounded in a halo of blood that had fallen into this very fountain, the place where they had first met.
However, he did allow himself somewhat guiltily to scratch, nails raking over the skin on his arms. They left white trails, swiftly turning a dark and angry red. It was enough to distract Sherlock as he rose to his feet, wrapping his quilt firmly around his shoulders. His jaw was set even as he passed the nearby mirror hanging on his wall, eyes firmly averted as his elegant fingers reached out to search for a button-down to wear. The blanket dropped only when the satin material was in his hands, and his shoulders were immediately covered by the fabric as his fingers worked the buttons.
The slamming of the bedroom door caused the Selkie's blood to boil in complete vexation.
“Your Bond, my friend,” he murmured. “It’s… you and John…” The Dragon seemed at a loss for words, and for a moment Sherlock felt a stab of panic at his friend’s expression. His eye itched, and he fought against the urge to scratch it. What could be so wrong that his friends were looking at him like that?
“As I'm sure you read in your pamphlet, we here at Central Kennels only have the
A sinuous voice, drawing itself from the shadows. A rumbling voice, soft and only heard at the rarest of times. Her brother spoke.
Drugs had cured sentiment, but it had stripped him of his control.
He would be the first to admit he was not Sherlock Holmes. His gaze did not burn with brilliance, his lips did not twist with unspoken words of intelligence. His
Only this time, John wasn’t alone. This time, instead of all the other times when such a mood had hit John, such a memory, the army doctor found himself far from on his own.
hello! :3 long time no write for this one! sorry about the wait ^.^
It just so happened that while he was attempting to get along with a normal, human girl (and Sarah was really quite nice- didn’t mind at all that he had a Gem partially lodged into his shoulder and was living with one too) that John happened to walk in on his flatmate dancing, and thought to himself:
Terrified.
in response.
I'm considering calling in the artillery.”
“I wasn’t even reunited with Kate in death. Trapped in this music box, trapped in this
His steps had been heavy with sleep as he stomped his feet into his boots, trying to tie the laces by himself (because Dad said men knew how to take care of themselves) and Harry yawning by his ear as she pulled on her woollen mittens. Bright red, John had remembered, just like the colour of a fire-truck. She had gotten them just for that reason, so she wouldn't lose them.
Jounhin.”
Things that did not make sense. Molly tried to force the memories, to recall what had just happened, and came up against a stubborn wall that refused
John climbed on, and just as he settled himself into the harness, strapping his legs into place, he felt the rushing roar of Sherlock’s massive wings unfolding, blocking out the sun itself with their length.
Sherlock picked out Dodge's more feminine voice instantly.
It was almost eight thirty before Blue finally took over.
form failing her at the most critical of moments. If John had been a
Sometimes the detective did.
Her father became ill.
John Watson had that
The Central Kennel as it turned out, was the sort of place that made John think of fleas and excrement, of blood and other unpleasantries. On the outside it
John felt his own emotions bubble in turmoil, causing his left hand to tighten minutely. He hadn’t thought of it in that way, the idea of forcing another into sexual acts repulsive to him and inherently against his instincts. The thought of Sherlock, Molly or anyone really feeling unsafe, even in a military base surrounded by barbed wire and guns... It was with a rough voice he asked to distract himself.
The subtle threat lingered in his words, and yet Moriarty did not seem particularly worried or phased. Instead, John's shoulders rolled easily as the gun flexed against his own temple, as if he were merely holding a toy spray pistol, relaxed in his hands. His voice purred with delight as his head tilted in reptilian amusement, all traces of the gentle John Watson vanishing in that moment to make way for something cold and unfeeling.
“You will go to school, and live in a dorm if you have no desire to live with mummy or I. You will keep your grades up, and exchange mandatory letters with me on a semi-regular basis to keep me informed of your needs. In exchange,” He hesitated, before making up his mind and nodding as if to himself. “In exchange I will give you access to a trust fund I’ve been building with our parents, in order to fund medication and… only after you turn eighteen… surgery.”
“I'm John Watson and this is Sherlock. My Dragon's been ill lately, heatstroke because of his breed. I was wondering if there's anything that can be done to help alleviate some of his... suffering.”
He sang.
. At first he had considered some of his favourite rock albums (ACDC, The Who, he even had a couple of songs from My Chemical Romance) but then decided against it as he felt the creature would probably find the ripping guitar solos grating and somewhat offensive. Then, he had considered just turning on the radio to one of the trashier pop stations, but quickly discarded the idea with distaste. Mostly because if John felt like he needed to punch someone after he spent an hour being forced to listen to crappily autotuned show divas (Harry had a thing for blasting her radio at all hours of the night when she had still been living at home) then he imagined that Sherlock would very well eat him out of spite.
us to leave.”
Sherlock had spent the night hiding out on the compound, stewing over possibilities and waiting for the stars to recede into dawn so that he could wake John without bringing out a foul temper and more arguing. John’s angry face lingered in the Dragon’s mind, and it made him feel guiltier than it should have. He ignored the sentiment, instead focusing on the fact that John could very well be in danger, and unknowing of it.
John trailed off, staring into the liquid depths of his cup before seeming to gather up the courage to continue.
“That hurt....” She sobbed softly, and she bit her lip as the group of homeless laughed raucously. The one in the orange jacket was harsh and jeering as he sauntered over to the fallen army doctor.
discover. I do not know how much you remember of a life before your enslavement, or if you can recall my name at all. As it stands, I’m operating under the assumption, nay, the hope that it will come back to you in time. Our story is a long one, and I doubt you would believe it, even if I told you. Please understand that even if you do recall my name, my face, I do not expect anything of you. Recovering you and your...John Watson has been a personal project of mine for some time, one I often thought to be a hopeless endeavour. As it stands, it seems fate has been so unkind as to return you to me in the midst of a likely bloody revolution. Some delicate strings had to be cut in order to remove you from that situation, and as a result… I am afraid that things are about to become uglier.”
“You're right!”
Hey there, so this took a while to get out. Apologies, midterms are a bitch to handle. ;A;
The breaks in between were only made sweeter for it, each gulp of air a blessing that he drank in greedily.
“You came back, then.”
in his Human form.
" Mycroft spat the last word derisively, and that's when John had had enough. He turned on his heel and left, hand clenching, mind repeating the words over and over. The elder Holmes had let him go, twirling his umbrella, an eyebrow arched in contemplation as John called back
and go make some tea before I decide to throw you out a window!”
“Indeed, it has.”
him enough to do this, that there was no one else on the planet that Sherlock could currently imagining enjoying this with. He cried out as John finally took him into his mouth, only a little.
The cane is left behind in the car.
John had arrived to find Sherlock rolling on the ground, completely ignoring his recently-healed leg as he twisted and attempted to pin the wriggling murderer underneath him. Henry beneath the detective's spindly form was snarling like a banshee, eyes wild even as his ginger hair blackened with slick. The two men both slipped and stuck against one another, the combination of oil and tar somehow creating a substance that was at once unpredictable as it was smelly. If Henry hadn't been armed with a knife in one hand, John might have found the event funny.
Victor watched as the man in the suit seemed to acknowledge him for the first time, although there was little doubt in the young man's mind that the mysterious official had seen him from the beginning. His pale eyes flicked over him in such a way that was distinctly Sherlockian, and the brown-haired teen felt as if a layer of skin had been peeled from his body in that single glance. Unlike Sherlock's usual assessing pattern of deducting then promptly blurting out whatever he had seen, the cold figure smiled a reptilian smile. Victor was rather reminded of the snakes he'd used to sometimes poke with sticks in his yard when he had been a child. He found his upper lip curling in decided distaste.
Sherlock be deemed safe enough to trust?
For a moment Sherlock ceased the frantic pacing he had kept up outside of Scotland Yard, wrestling with himself on whether or not to
Just like she couldn't help hers.
found.
It occurred to John then as he sat on the floor that it might be a good time to leave, come back with better ammunition, and possibly calm his frayed nerves with a cup of tea (probably with something a little stronger) and get his head back into the game as it were. The Clicker still lay abandoned on the floor, but he was hesitant to pick it up. A part of him recoiled at even the idea of even using it.
Muffled behind his hands, Mycroft's voice held no triumph. Instead, it was vaguely sad. “You wouldn't come home. I had no choice.” For a moment, he was no member of the British government. Just a tired young man, haggard and overworked. Mycroft's calm demeanour melted into something small. Defeated in the knowledge that he'd broken something beyond repair. “You can't go on like this. You'll die. And if you won't accept my help, then you'll accept that of a friend.”
The Detective clipped out, because whoever had been on the other line had specifically demanded to speak with
Brigadier Morstan's appearance at the end of the month unsettled many of the soldiers, and whisperings about her possible intentions broke out in the middle of meals. Soon enough, John found himself drawn in, leaning over his bowl of soup and bread, intently listening to Marley as she held her audience captive with her gift for storytelling, eyes dark with excitement.
Her voice was just as cutting as always, and she barely gave him time to approach.
“I thought we had plans to eat Indian take-away tonight. You're going out? I made hummus...”
Somehow, he knew for a fact that just because that Collar surrounded the Dragon's neck, didn't mean he didn't occasionally consider killing one or two Humans at least every once in a while.
The club was one he hadn't haunted in
But to ask for it, Sherlock wasn't quite sure how.
“So sue me, I'm a pansy. I'll still need my bacon in the morning,
That night, the detective woke to an empty bed, and the sound of a guitar floating quietly in the air. Listening, Sherlock had to roll his eyes slightly at the melodrama of it all. Mozart’s Requiem. Still, he listened to its melody, even as over time it transformed into something more hopeful, light and free. Sneak played well into the morning, and when John finally came to bed, Sherlock had been lulled to sleep with a Brahms Lullaby. Curling up into the blankets and pressing his nose against the detective’s shoulder, John closed his eyes and wondered to himself if all that he had been through was the tradeoff for such happiness.
He added silently to himself. Daniel frowned, eyes glittering thoughtfully as he looked at the knuckles of his hands. It was a long time before he spoke, but when he did his voice was quiet, slightly rougher on the edges.
“Sherlock Holmes. You are the bravest, and the wisest man I have
the ground, except that slowly, a curling smile twisted John's face. A low trembling racked the man's body, and it took the thug a moment to realise it for what it was:
He felt hot.
“I didn’t,” Mycroft scowled “Three days before you would receive that package, I would find the tome missing from my personal collection. I haven’t the faintest idea who sent it to you, or how they could know you’d need it. It’s quite irritating, actually.” He said the last part almost to himself, seeming vexed. “I dislike not knowing things.” John could tell he was telling the truth, somehow. There was something about the man’s face that, despite his coolness, he found he could see through.
“Why? What is in that file that makes you think I would care?”
group so that if one of your teams are mortally injured or taken hostage, you can keep constant contact with each other and arrange back-up. It will also be your job to control a Dragon if it turns feral, or decides to try and rebel. This means you may very well have to put one down.” Dodge hesitated then, voice softening slightly even as her eyes burned fiercely.
The egg lay between them, shattered much like how they felt, neither one of them willing to move from the living-room floor.
As it turned out, Sherlock had not predicted the fact that being an art student, his roomate had an eye for figure. “Something in the shape of your hips told me. Not to mention that you're downright lazy in where you leave your binders.” He had admitted. After that, Sherlock was careful to walk differently, with a slightly wider gait.
It would be over somewhat embarrassingly soon for John, the army doctor left breathless and so in love with the man before him, squinting and laughing up at him from the pillow across from him.
Mycroft nodded dutifully. He tried not to think about how all of the other children were at least three years older than him. He wondered if they’d even take him seriously.
over, it lay on its side cold and broken.
Prolonging the imminent evening of slow torture, the ex-army doctor sighed to himself and wandered to the kitchen, looking for tea and something warm and comforting.
“Will any of the other personalities be a threat to him?”
“He’s going to be touch and go, at least until we reach his Bonded,” the woman in pinstripes said, interrupting Hajera’s thoughts. She was seated beside her, and at a glance appeared more focused on her phone than the conversation she had initiated. In her hand was a pair of headphones to muffle sound, a twin to the one she wore. Her dark brown eyes never strayed from the screen as she spoke, yet there was a level of certainty in her voice that for some reason calmed Hajera. “My employer sends his gratitude with me, by the way. We are aware of the sacrifices you and your queen must have made to get Watson out of the city.”
to seeing.
He tried his best to ignore them as they fell, focusing instead on the soldier before him. John asked the man his name, testing to see if he could speak, and the young soldier beneath his hands coughed up a bloody mixture of bile and spit as he rasped “Francis Barnes.” John did his best to continue using his name soothingly even as he assessed the damage that Dragon claws had done to the man's internal organs, deliberately forcing the man to stay awake by asking him questions even as beneath him the soldier's ribs quivered and shook delicately like his bones were made of robin's eggs.
He voiced his thoughts, and when the boy only responded by crying harder, the pup felt within himself a knot of pure distress. All of his thoughts of eating John dissipated with the idea of being totally alone, without pod or even stupid brother to look after you. It didn't happen amongst his kind,
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“John...”
He was unaware when Mrs. Hudson carefully stepped into his hoard, singing halting as she brought something held carefully in her hands. When she reached the edge of the couch she stopped, listening for a moment to the high keening growls that the Dragon made as he tried to make himself shrink into a sharp bundle of elbows and knees. It was the same sort of noise that she had watched Hatchlings make when they
sort of a smaller chapter, but I felt it was needed as an inbetween....
so, and once the detective was determined, he'd use whatever he could to do so. Using whatever means possible. And Sherlock was as curled and unmoving as a pill-bug, but his eyes were dark as he purred “Not really your style is it? Torturing someone who's so... average?”
Greg didn’t stop smugly smiling for the rest of John’s shift. He called after John when he got off of work, cupping his hands over his lips for the whole of the cafe to hear.
Cerioth spoke up then, halting John before he could get himself rolling on a furious tangent. The Chinese Dragon had carefully shifted back to his Human form, and now looked as harmless as ever. He returned to the kneeling position he seemed intent to maintain around Humans, but his voice was as strong and firm as an oak branch.
And he privately feels that soon, soon will come the time that he will fade. He is searching for a final resting place, not a permanent residence. A gravestone, not a gift.
She looked not unlike a Dragon herself, smoke leaving her lips in rings and trails before curling outside. The end of her light was a bright ember, red-orange and brilliant like magma. Cerioth looked at it instead of her eyes as he spoke, his tone carefully deferential and distant.
as they slowly brought the form of the Dragon out from his Cage.
Finally sitting down nearly twenty minutes later, John opened his blog, setting about determinedly to get some writing done before his husband woke up. He was just about to type up the latest case (serial killer, nicknamed “the mandarin” for his calling card- a mandarin placed in the victim's palm) when the silence of the house was shattered.
Benson sighed, and it was a long, drawn out exhalation that spoke of endless patience and overstrained hours. He spared one more glance at his Dragon; Farrow, before casting his gaze to the huddling mass by Kabir’s feet. His expression was deeply unimpressed, even as his shoulders slumped in acquiescence. When he spoke, it was with the finality of a man knowing he had lost.
Masters and Mistresses in his lifetime. That's more than
Sherlock's voice was curt. “And if I don't?”
It was the way in which others looked at her, when she ate. That, was what she hated.
There was no plan B, no secondary action.
The man all but hissed through his teeth, scrubbing a hand over his face before glancing nervously in Sherlock’s direction. The detective merely arched his brow derisively at the D.I’s mildly apologetic look, voice rumbling with cutting irritation.
Mike’s blue eyes regarded him kindly, a small smile on his face that wasn’t pitious but concerned. He hummed to himself, turning the coffee cup in his hand as if deciding whether or not to divulge information. His voice was ponderous.
“Hello, brother mine,” a tall dark figure stood in the doorway of Mycroft’s home office as he poured another glass of whiskey.
“Yes, the game is afoot, Moriarty has an underground network that we need to take down.”
“Come on, Sherl...give me something. I can’t take seeing you in this outfit and feeling your arse on me anymore.” The alpha growled out, eyes watching everyone around them that they knew to be sure he kept their attention. John smirked as Sherlock pulled him into the bathroom, watching the cheeks of people around them redden as they watched.
Throughout the years, Sherlock helped and saved thousands of people from impending dooms, solved an innumerable amount of cases. All for it to come down to a game of life and death with none other than James Moriarty. Mycroft watched from cameras as the scene played out. The cat and mouse chase between the two coming down the a fall. The eldest Holmes watched the scene fold out, a plan fail. Sherlock was supposed to walk down those stairs, not jump over the edge. Mycroft saw Doctor Watson standing at the bottom, witnessing his best friend plummet to the ground, to his death. Even Mycroft believed that it was real.
John imagined he could hear the sound of stones grinding together as Mycroft turned his head in his direction. "Such a pleasure to meet you again, John."
And yet, this morning John woke up in a room he immediately recognized as his own. He couldn't remember the last time he did that. John sighed, nodded his approval at the patch of sunny sky out his window and walked downstairs, pausing for a moment when he realized that the act was utterly painless. When he reached the kitchen, he found a cup of hot tea waiting for him as it always did, but this time in the hand of his flatmate.
“I swear to god. I will kick your nose off.” John grumbled into his pillow, threateningly jerking his foot.
Hey guys. Merry late christmas sorry this took so long blahblahblah.
John caught it, just a subtle hum in the space between words. The sound was like a hummingbird's song, once he caught on to it he couldn't believe that he'd ever missed it. Sherlock tapped back to the first video and he heard it there too. Softer, lower, but unmistakable. "What is that?"
It didn't take long for John to realize that when Sherlock said that missing persons cases were torturous, he wasn't being dramatic. It was only half an hour into the case and already he wished he had the money to pay someone else to do it for him. Her best friend claimed, (after a significant amount of improv on Sherlock's part) that Amelia had gone to a different friend's place to escape her mother's overbearing boyfriend.
It was a bad one this time. Sherlock almost expected something like this to happen after so many days of stagnation but he hadn’t anticipated it would have a more severe effect on his friend than on himself. John always did such a good job concealing the more distasteful sides of himself. He kept all the nasty scar tissue buried under long sleeves and jumpers and bore open wounds with a smile. But, as content as he appeared to be in the morning light, his sleeping form told an entirely different story.
“I did not ask you. I didn’t ask you about a single one of the things you decided to tell me.” Sherlock butted in, sincerely regretting his spur of the moment decision to make an attempt at being polite. “What I did ask you is exactly how long have these events been occurring.”
"Oh." John said, suddenly feeling like an idiot. "Right. So... do all vam- uh I mean, Do all of you do that?"
“Oh, may I see?” John’s voice was uncomfortably close behind him now.
There was a long moment. Then Sherlock dropped the fork, letting it clatter against the plate as if he was shocked to find himself holding it.
“I don’t make toast.” He said sternly, taking a seat at the side of the table adjacent to John, rather than across from him. “There was an incident.”
"Oh for god's sake!" Mycroft exclaimed in frustration. A pair of fangs, like twin cathedral spires, jutted out from his grimace. "I occupy a minor position in the british government. One of the many duties of which is to monitor the black market.”
They made it to their room without complication, opening the door to find an awfully cute room. There were thick quilts laid over the bed, hand-made embroidery samplers displayed on the walls and quite an alarming amount of floral imagery.
I needed to move on.
“We’re locked in a dungeon, Sherlock!” John snapped suddenly, causing Sherlock to flinch against the bars he was chained to. “This isn’t the time to share your dental hygienic routine.”
“No. No, let me continue
"I'm not." He stated confidently as he disappeared into his room.
“He’s Sherlock Holmes, not a civilian. Let him through.” An apparently senior officer ordered as she approached. She was a severe looking woman with had all of the authority of The Person In Charge, with only half the attitude. “Detective inspector Greenfield. I called for your help on this case.”
Lestrade pretended to consider that possibility before dismissing him. Sherlock made a show of biting his tongue and not saying anything.
Spoilers(ish): I'm sure you've already guessed that the kidnapper is Mycroft. I'd just like to say that it was pretty interesting writing his speech pattern. I know how much he loves the sound of his own voice so I tried to squeeze as many extra, entirely superfluous, words in there as I could.
“Which, in a way, makes him a vampire hunter hunter.” Mused Sherlock, settling back into his chair. “Or- because he’s also a vampire- a vampire vampire hunter hunter. Or- simplified mathematically- a vampire hunter squared.”
“We.” The vampire said pointedly as he gave his cheekbones and nose some dimension. Or rather, restored the dimension that he usually had. “Are going out to a quaint little village called Sandford. According to the brochure, it’s the second friendliest town in the country. Make sure your gun’s fully loaded.”
The man chuckled nervously. "I'm afraid he's not available today. Perhaps if you mad-"
“What, no I-”
“What about Molly?” Lestrade suggested wearily from the fainting sofa across from the bed, already knowing how Sherlock would reply. Sherlock shook his head slowly, as thought it might fall off. “Why not?”
“Let’s cut to the chase, you know how much I dislike pleasantries,” Sherlock replied with a drawn out eye-roll. He pulled a pocket watch from his coat pocket and held it up for the Jeweler’s inspection. “Solid silver, all original fittings, no later than early 17th century. Still keeps impeccable time.”
John responded only by sitting in the chair Sherlock had pulled out for him and staring in shock at the almost picturesque set-up of two fried eggs and three slices of crisp bacon. “Now all I need is two slices of toast and an obnoxious voice-over and I could sell this as an advert.”
A two minutes and one bumbling explanation of why one’s phone would end up at the bottom of the Thames later, Sherlock walked to the niche where John was waiting.
“Was that really necessary?” Sherlock asked over the hand clutching his nose. It wasn’t bleeding, but it surely didn’t feel great.
This took a little longer than I expected. Mostly because all my motivation has been focused on painting and napping.
“I am perfectly capable of lighting a fire, thank you very much. But not with crude sticks as you do. I’m not entirely convinced you’re not using some strange magic to conjure up sparks at will.” Sherlock huffed, sitting in the grass by the fire pit as John fiddled with a branch. He pulled his cloak back on while he watched John work.
Sherlock nearly fell flat on his face in his haste to get out of bed. After metaphorically stepping back and judging exactly how much strain his underused and undernourished body was willing to take, he shuffled to the closet, making a point of staying close to the wall.
The air was thick with stories untold. Most didn’t need telling. “I’m sorry,” were the only words John could think to say.
“John.” Sherlock rumbled in greeting, glancing over his shoulder for a brief second before cracking a couple of eggs into the sizzling pan. In that second, he managed to give the doctor the most thorough once-over he’d ever experienced, followed by a self-satisfied smirk.  “I tried to wake you, but my efforts were utterly futile. So I assume you were sleeping very well.”
"Thank you.” John sighed.
Like a… dead tree containing a large bee hive.
“It’d be unwise to take any more from you today.” He sighed, pushing himself off of John slowly, hesitantly.
Hey! I was kind of unsure about posting this chapter so soon in the story. But after I finished it, I couldn't really turn back. I'm hoping to get into a sort of regular posting schedule. But I'm afraid of actually setting a date, so... I guarantee the next chapter will be up in 15 days or less.
Sherlock choked with the realization that, while their ‘equipment’ was similar, they were a far, far cry from equal. And his certainly did not shine like a candle. He thought it best not to mention it.
John grinned, a row of neat white teeth peeking out like gravestones in the snow. “Absolutely adorable.”
John felt suddenly that he’d said something massively stupid, but he wasn’t entirely sure what. Then he realized. It was pretty much every word that had left his mouth that night. “You’re gay?”
Sherlock broke away, panting heavily. Panting as though he’d never breathed before. A thumb traced his cheekbone gently while a hand gently encircled his throat, apply just enough pressure to feel the rush of blood pass beneath it. John’s gaze drifted lazily up to the ceiling, jaw slack, mind sizzling softly like bacon frying in another room.
John snickered as Mrs. Hudson quietly materialized into the room with breakfast. "Finished another case so soon, Sherlock? I was sure you'd be taking it easy." She chattered pleasantly as she laid out a plate of bacon and eggs.
"What work?" As John rearranged the offending appendages into a sort of heap, he tried to think of what kind of career would require one to keep a dozen left hands. The only conclusion he could come up with was 'mad scientist'.
“No matter, you’ll have to make do as-is.” Mycroft let him go just before reaching the dining room, taking a moment to roughly dust off his shabby, muddied and grass-stained tunic before presenting him to his mother. “Dear lord, my brother’s a pig.”
Of course, all of these guesses were laughably wrong. What was hiding behind the plain wooden door was a perfectly ordinary bedroom. Which, in itself, was rather… unsettling. It wasn’t normal in a real sense as much as an artificial one. It was though he had taken it straight off of a magazine. The bed looked as though it was never meant for sleeping in. The nightstand and the desk didn’t have any of the random detritus that any real human’s would. All of the frames lining the walls were perfectly level and evenly spaced. There wasn’t even any dust lining the surfaces.
“So, what do you expect me to do when I don’t even have a description to work with?”
“Just get out of my bed.” John grumbled, pulling the blankets back over his chilled knees.
The door opened and John stepped quietly inside. He was sweating. Nervous? What a strange thing for John to be.
“Secret organization, my foot.” John chuckled sharply, shutting the door a little too hard behind him.
His skin was pale but hardly lifeless. Except, perhaps on his driver’s license. He smelled strongly of death. But, as they were in a morgue, that wasn't much of a surprise. They sat at either side of an empty slab, as all of the tables were taken. A small, nervous-looking morgue attendant flitted around them, attending the deceased patients.
"Some of these are self portraits." Sherlock said, waving a sheet of various, exaggerated expressions. "But they're all him. His work. His loves. His fears. His sense of humour. If I could put them all up on display, I would. But they're too fragile. They weren't exactly made to withstand the centuries, so all anyone sees of him anymore is that old relic on the mantelpiece.”
“Oh Sherlock. For God’s sake.” Lestrade groaned as entered, wrinkling his nose at the sudden smell of urine. He seemed much less haggard than he usually did when he visited Baker street, seeking assistance on a case. It seemed as if some of the load was taken out of the bags under his eyes and his hair was combed by something other than fingers.
John gaze landed on a photograph on the victim's bedside table. It was of her and what must have been her parents. She was smiling. "She looked so ordinary," he mumbled to himself, feeling distantly sorry for the parents.
“That is your name, isn't it?” He smiled condescendingly, looking down his finely sculpted nose at the doctor. Most people would’ve said that to make sure they’ve remembered correctly or pronounced it right. The man said it as though he was afraid John had forgotten.
He was taken away from the scene before he'd even thought to scream.
Sherlock lept out of his seat like a salmon in dolce and gabbana and resumed pacing in circles around the room. “For god’s sake, Mycroft. You act like I haven’t grown my fangs in yet. I AM A DETECTIVE. I can smell a murderer a mile off. Last week I took down a human trafficking ring while I was catching a thief. I don’t need you watching over my shoulder like a bloody nanny.”
"... I was going to say 'you showing off'." John finished, stifling a smile when Sherlock mouthed an embarrassed 'oh' and suddenly became very interested in the menu. Again.
John wondered briefly if Sherlock truly wasn’t making sense, or if it was his thoroughly addled mind that couldn’t make sense of what otherwise would be a perfectly logical sentence. “Sorry, what?”
It was by sheer chance that he didn’t miss it entirely. There was nothing marking the path. No deer tracks or footsteps, no knife-marks in the bark of the trees, nothing. Just a small gap between trees that became a passage if you looked at it from just the right angle. Anyone else would have overlooked it as just a funny coincidence. It’s not like one could control how trees in a forest grow, so it must have been coincidence. But no matter how such a formation was created, Sherlock knew instantly that this was the way.
Also, things ended up juicy. What can I say, I just couldn’t hold it off any longer.
The letter was not written in gold but emerald green. The hand it was written in was not the calligraphy you might see on wedding invitations but it was still extremely florid and outdated. He read it aloud, just to annoy Sherlock. “
John chuckled. “I assure you, it’s not magic. If it were, it’d be a lot quicker and a whole lot more dramatic.”
“You don’t have to do this, Miyamoto.” Sherlock told the raging vampire in the doorway, his back to the masked man with the gun. John just glared at the shaking kidnapper, daring him to shoot. There wasn’t much he could do as he had no weapons more potent than his bare hands, but he’d be damned if he went down without at least landing a punch. “You don’t want his blood on your hands.”
“No toast then.” John blinked, munching on a slice of bacon. “Oh, I need a fork.”
“You ok?” John asked over his own giggling fit. Sherlock nodded, face flushed red and still lightly hacking into his sleeve.
Sherlock snorted. “I dunno. Are you a fruit?”
He woke up to the feeling of something looming over him in the pitch black darkness. In his semi-conscious and thoroughly spent state, this seemed only a little odd.
John pursed his lips, resisting the urge to kick him. “Use your own.”
That seemed to ruffle Sherlock's feathers, but only briefly.
Some days, John's afraid he was born with a bullet in his mouth. That, no matter how long or full a life he might lead, in the end the only outcome could be a pointless, painful death. While that might also be true for the rest of humanity, it seemed to be most relevant to John.
John groaned and swung open the door, ‘accidentally’ hitting Sherlock in the nose in the meantime. “I was brushing my teeth, you arse.”
“Yeah… yeah sure.” John answered, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed where he was reading the book he brought with him. He pulled his jacket off the hook, quickly making sure his key card was in the pocket before heading out after Sherlock who always seemed to be three steps ahead of him.
John wasn't sure how it happened. He didn't remember ever actually agreeing to move in. He never signed a lease. The landlady never even asked him to. It's been over a month and he still hadn't even officially moved out of his shitty bedsit.
"Oh. I get it now. All this business with the murder and the breakfast banquet and the... coat is you-"
"Just watching out for a fellow human." His mouth contorted into some strange parody of a compassionate smile. John let out a mad, dangerous laugh. The smile melted into a more honest emotionless mask. "As I said before. business. I hunt the hunters and sell those who would enslave us. I make sure that such monstrosities as vampires and werewolves and demons stay the stuff of legends and keep the underworld underfoot. It's quite a profitable occupation, if you're interested."
Outside, life went on as ever. People rushed about on their lunch break or loitered around the shops. The day was bright and warm. The afternoon air didn't smell quite as bad as it usually did. Even the birds seemed slightly more pleased with themselves than usual.
“Let’s have a fight.” He declared, not looking terribly angry or upset but rather a tiny bit excited.
Sherlock was forced to accept the fact that what he was seeing was, in fact, real. Now he just had to figure out what exactly he seeing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and leaned back in his chair, letting his head hang over the backrest. It was the very picture of dramaticized exasperation. "Gawwwd, I don't even haaave fangs."
“So what you’re really saying is… You need more iron in your diet.”
This chapter is mostly John and Sherlock being married nerds. But I could hardly help myself. It's the second day of halloween and halloween makes me like 30% soppier.
Mycroft snapped his pocketwatch shut with a click like teeth on bone. "Ignore my brother, he has the absolute worst opinion of me.”
As the day stretched on, Sherlock found about fifteen new reasons to outlaw the police force and let anarchy rule the streets. In seven briefings with overly-friendly officers, six instances of ‘It’s a small town, things like that just don’t happen here’, five of ‘well, I didn’t think anything of it at the time’ and a whopping thirteen adorable small town anecdotes and not a single sentence of useful information.
"We're going to meet a murderer in half an hour." John tried very hard to be horrified. Terrified. Anything other that excited like a ten-year-old about to see disneyland.
“No. Thank you.” John answered, drinking his third glass of water. “May I ask why you’re making bacon and eggs at 1:15am?”
The vampire hid behind a menu that John knew for a fact that he wasn't reading. The army doctor smirked around a mouthful of pasta. "I figured that..." Sherlock spoke slowly, choosing every word carefully. "Since I got a taste of your life, it was only fair that you got a taste of mine."
John leaned forward. “Who?”
“...sorry.” She disappeared under a table to pick up the pieces. “he’s right, by the way.”
John snorted over his menu. “Poor you.”
Also, I've never done a case fic before. So I could use all of the advice and feedback I can get.
“What? I needed to sound like someone who would go on a juice cleanse.” Sherlock growled, turning half of attention back to his phone. “Small towns. Everyone’s so nosy.”
"Of course," John rolled his eyes, almost amused by Sherlock's determination to be moody. "Isn't it a little warm for that?" John asked, gesturing to his flatmate's heavy coat.
“I’m not a toddler.” John heard Sherlock bark, his voice slurred and muffled.
“Alright then. Good. I-“ John started, unsure of where exactly to go from there. If he were honest with himself, he'd have to admit that he hadn’t expected it to go so well.
“God, I can feel the senseless noise that is your mortal life eating away at my mind.” He groaned dramatically, flopping onto his back again.
"Thank you." He sipped at it, the warmth of it immediately spreading through his chest. His eyes fluttered shut at the sensation. "Mm. That's lovely." He opened them to find Sherlock studying him intently from over the rim of his own cup. The vampire's gaze slid aimlessly off to the side, as though it was a mere passing glance, but John wasn't fooled. Still, John let it go for now. He was in the mood to let things go.
“You’re right. Wouldn’t want to end up with them. I sympathize with the professionals tasked with sorting out the mess in their heads.” The genuine vampire ran his fingers through his hair slowly, indulgently, and purred.
Victor had one hell of a sense of humour." John giggled over a painting of Sherlock curled up at the end of an beat up old sofa. Just as he was about to move on to the next one, the doorbell rang. The two exchanged a hopeful glance.
Sherlock blinked. “If it would help, I have a few candles in the closet in case of emergency.”
“Don’t let her slip past you.” Without warning he disappeared down a narrow alley, leaving John startled and confused. He spun to find the murderer looking a bit like a deer caught in headlights. She darted off in the opposite direction and John, acting primarily on instinct, ran after her.
"Our client introduced himself as Amelia's stepfather, correct?" Sherlock asked, rhetorically.
“How? Sherlock, you must realize I can’t read your mind.” John was getting a little impatient now. He didn’t mind being a few steps behind, but being left in the dark was an entirely different matter.
“It’s louder in children and grows more subtle with age. You’d need a stethoscope or a loaded gun to make my resonance audible." John remembered the gun in the kidnapper's hand. How did he not recognize the plastic sheen of the paint job? It was so obvious in hindsight. "Even then, I'd be surprised if you noticed any difference. None of you mortals ever listen."
Sherlock guided his horse off the main road and continued through the light wooded area a few feet away. Mycroft’s men probably hadn’t even left the manor yet. Even after they’d discovered his absence, they’d still have to saddle up the horses and wrangle themselves into their armor. But Sherlock still felt it was safer to stay out of sight.
“Sherlock, may I speak to you for a moment in the kitchen?” John cut in, just before he could brush the case off and leave the client for John to dispose of.
John’s head lolled against the ground in a vague nod. His hands uselessly wandering up and down sweatpants covered thighs. His mind came to roughly fourteen conclusions at once. “We’re gonna… sex ” is what they essentially boiled down to.
Sherlock hummed a negative as he sucked the dried blood from the many crevices of the blade. “Hasn’t been for a long time. Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson do their best for me, but there’s just no pleasure in it. Not like the old days, when I half had to beg Victor to keep his fluids in his body. He’d bleed himself dry in a second. Just to keep me warm.”
John thought to himself, wondering exactly which shoe was to drop after the vampire’s rather unexpected declaration. John took another sip of what was possibly the worst tea he’d ever had, even though his cup and run dry about three sips earlier. “Frankly, I have no idea how you know that or how it’s any of your business.”
“You do understand that this isn’t-” His attempt at defending his species was rudely interrupted by a sharp hiss. John sighed and waited for the next commercial break. “You do understand that this isn’t an accurate representation of all humanity, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John was disgusted. It sounded like Sherlock was praising this 'muse' killer. He circled around the victim, taking in the sight like a connoisseur tasting wine. Looking at her as if the poor, unfortunate victim of this brutal act was nothing more than what the murderer had made her into. His eyes gleamed like the edge of a newly sharpened knife. He stalked around the small, clumsily decorated bedroom like a shadow, searching through everything but disturbing nothing. The harsh lights deepened the shadows of his face, the stark contrast making his pale face into something more than human. John was fascinated. And suddenly very aware that he was standing in a room with a vampire and quite a lot of blood.
“There are always other sources of information. I just need to find them.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. “This would be so much easier if I had an established homeless network here. I don’t even think the homeless population here is high enough to be of any use.”
He slowed his horse to a slow trot, giving him the chance to consult the rough map he’d transcribed onto his arm. If he was correct, and he always was, a few miles from here there should be a path. Probably little more than a muddy trail left by passing wildlife, but it would lead him right into the heart of the old forest.
John smirked as he explored the room and the adjoining bathroom. But it faded quickly from his face “There’s only one bed.”
“He’ll be fine.” Lestrade sighed, walking towards the kitchen. “Do you have tea?”
I've also been considering re-writing the entire story. But.... I think I'd like to get to some sort of finishing point first.
He couldn’t.
Next chapter is going to be our favorite duo's first case!! (Or at least the start of it. I haven't got it finished yet so I'm not sure.)
“They barely helped at all, and besides that half the time I felt like I was in.... In a fog.... I went through most of my teenaged life on pill after pill. Then the war came, and it got better. I got better. It seemed.... It just seemed unnecessary once I turned eighteen and could make my own choices.”
“I… I don’t know. I didn’t even know she had recruited him for anything. I
John resisted the urge to stare at the man’s strange physical appearance, not wanting to appear rude or even really friendly to the creature before him that seemed to be made of snow and ice itself. The man’s ginger hair was dusted with snow, and his eyelashes were frost-coated as they blinked, revealing those almost colourless eyes. His bamboo umbrella looked not unlike something a fine woman would carry in his village, save for the tipped ends that looked as sharp as icicles, deadly. As if sensing his shy observation the man shifted, shedding flakes of frost with every movement before offering a rather chilled smile.
“Yeah you can
Granted he
“For one in such a hopeless situation, your mortal appears to know how to shout.”
“Right this way, my Lords.” She murmured, extending a delicate arm for them to follow. The silver-blue shimmer of her scales winked with the movement. Stars dancing seemingly just under the veins of her golden skin. For just a moment, John felt himself hypnotized by the very shifting nature of their pattern.
,” his grandma murmured softly, the words rolling off her tongue effortlessly as she called her grandson back to the tale.
The words were not bitter. Rather, they were matter-of-fact, almost firm. Yet his eyes dared Sherlock to challenge the statement, and after a moment the detective took the bait reluctantly.
He only experiences it for a second before blissful unconsciousness fills him and takes him away on a boat of dreams.
had startled poor Mrs. Hudson as they stepped inside the complex.
“Yeah, and it’ll likely be real disconcerting. The first time Myc did it, I nearly kneed him where it counts.” John snorted before he could help himself, and Greg managed to look a little sheepish. “What I’m saying is, most Spirits will respect other Spirits, more than they respect the brides or escorts. If you don’t have any teeth under that robe and soft face, you might want to develop some.”
John felt heat rush to his face, mortification taking over first.
But he doesn't mean it the same way. His question is much more complicated, but he senses the soldier understands anyhow. In fact there's an intelligence in the man's eyes that is at once like the Army Doctor's and yet not. Sherlock can't help but wonder if he's been monitored all along, and not just by his annoying older brother.
the right thing to do. What was this? This was never mentioned in any account of dissociative disorder or any other mental illness like it. His friend was literally unresponsive, heart-rate even but a little fast, breath coming in shallow gasping from his chest. The detective was just about to call an ambulance (and then possibly his brother) When all the muscles in John's body tensed, and the army doctor's eyes fluttered as if he was waking from a dream.
“When were you born, Claude? How old was John?”
He had no real ambitions or desires, other than to protect and the ever-itching ache to hit something always buzzing down his spine and underneath his skin. In fact he could consider hitting someone
The Dragon looked up at Dodge, who watched the entire scene with a kind of impassiveness that made Sherlock's throat close hotly. It would be better this way, he reasoned as he stared down the barrel of the gun. After all, it
eyyyy so things are heating up and this fic is on its way to the conclusion~ ^_^
God, he had
. Though he was doing the same to this personality, he couldn't help but want to shiver slightly. Sherlock resisted it.
“Evening, brother mine. To what do I owe this pleasure?”
John blinked, tongue running across his lower lip even as he settled his luggage in the hall. The sound of it dropping from his fingers was loud in the silence, and a cloud of dust rose up from the pink suitcase's wheels, causing him to sneeze.
Again, the man before him senses his thoughts almost unfailingly.
always used those at least if only to make him understand his place.
you turn around and pull this kind of shit. Well, I’ve had it! I’m
John, feeling all at once like he was too vulnerable and too exposed, was the first to look away. His voice was quiet, and it held in it a note of quiet desperation.
He knew most Dragons were at least somewhat telepathic around him. He had found out in training with the Army that he was what was called a
Why this mortal.
He knew it was an unfair statement.
“He is being taken care of, looked after by the best medical staff money can buy. I can assure you that much. Before you ask, I’m sure you’ve inferred his state is rather critical. Your Bond’s been warning you of it for some time now, as I’m sure you’re picking up on.”
"Alright. People make mistakes occasionally, but that doesn't mean everyone's just one step away from being a Jerry Springer contestant. Just means we're human."
I'm uploading this at like one in the morning, because I can't sleep. This is really more of an amusing filler than anything. More meaty stuff will come soon though.
Hey guys! Sorry for all the shifting around and stuff. I promise I'm just about done with all of that.
"You drink tea?" He hadn't seen his night-dwelling flatmate very often since he more-or-less failed to reject his offer to live together. When he did, the strange man always seemed to be busy. Sometimes he was busy with one of his visitors, other times he was busy staring at the bits of paper gruesome photos pinned all over the walls and mumbling to himself. He didn't know which was more surprising, the fact that he was up this early or the fact that he hadn't demanded payment in blood thus far.
“Can’t.” The vampire found a position that wouldn’t give his back too much hell and held it. “These women are smart. There’s no doubt that they’re listening to us through a strategically positioned baby monitor. Even if we were to covertly create a plan through a hastily constructed language of coughing, it would be impossible to execute without alerting whoever is guarding at the door.”
“It hurts.” Sherlock whined, squinting against the already dim light of the lamp across the room. He sounded suddenly so much like a lost child, it was frightening. Like witnessing a demonic possession of sorts. It was entirely characteristic of Sherlock to act childish. But this was something else entirely. “Father, I’m afraid.”
John came home feeling like he got hit by truck. The adrenaline rush of the day had drained down to an oppressive exhaustion. His limbs felt heavy and numb, his limp was making a slow but sure come-back and the gash in his arm was making itself known. But what irritated him most at the moment was that his jumper and shirt were both ruined and he didn't exactly have the budget to spare them.
Sherlock made a point of not answering him. "Are you hungry? I understand that noon is widely considered lunchtime among you mortals." He paused a few feet away from the front door to pull his scarf a little tighter and adjust his gloves. After rearranging a few curls of hair to cover his ears, he pulled open the door. "I know this little Italian place. Angelo's. The owner's been eager to repay a favor to me for years now."
"They've been coming in every half hour. There have been 4 so far. An anonymous caller directed us to them. The girls are Meiko and Hoshi Miyamoto, the children of a wealthy japanese novelist stolen from their home. He's made all the standard demands, cash and two plane tickets to cuba or the kids die. We can't get any specifics off of the video. He's using a voice changer. The background never changes. Long story short, we could really use your help." Lestrade instantly reverted to his Detective Inspector voice, stating the facts without letting the emotion of the situation suffocate him.
“You mortals never understand.” Sherlock made an attempt at condescension but in the end it just sounded sad.
He blinked, hoping it was his eyes adjusting to direct sunlight.
"I don't produce body heat." Sherlock answered briefly, clinically, flipping his collar over his scarf.
“Do you remember what you said this morning?” Sherlock asked in a hushed voice.
Still taking suggestions/ opinions about possible alternate titles. Is it a good idea or is symbiosis just too perfect? Should I go back in time, post this before that other fic and sue them?
Sherlock couldn’t say he’d fought in a war. He’d never had his hands in elbow-deep someone’s body as they died or watched friends become reduced to red mist in the wake of a mine. But there was a tang to John’s pain that tasted discomfortingly familiar to him.
John forced himself not to stare. His gaze flitted over his plate, the plastic flowers at the middle of the table. Finally, he fastened his eyes to Sherlock’s. They were mint green, he noted with some surprise. He could’ve sworn they were grey… or maybe blue? Maybe they’re contacts. It didn’t matter. All that mattered was that they weren’t the murderer currently settling into the booth a few feet away and he definitely shouldn't stare.
He smiled. A grim thing with a little flash of teeth suggesting he definitely could, but probably won’t. Probably. “I feel like you’d make a better weasel than a rat anyways.”
“The kidnapper asked for two plane tickets to cuba. Who would he choose to whisk off to cuba to start a new life with? Not a relative. Certainly not just any friend.”
The enormous man ignored the comment with the ease of someone who’s had centuries of practice. “It was a test. There are many… unsavoury individuals who would give up their firstborn child for any of our heads- attached or otherwise- and many others who would risk death to profit off of that. If you were to continue... associating  with Sherlock, I needed to be sure of the quality of your moral fiber.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Lestrade sighed, gently directing John out the door before him.
John laughed. It was as if he had walked into a cheesy spy movie. He was tempted to ask the man if he owned a white cat. “Is that a threat?”
He moved Sherlock’s head to a slightly more comfortable position off his shoulder and onto his chest, flexing his arm to get the blood flowing in it again. As he did, he realized his fingers were still wrapped around the handle of the knife that he’d drawn his own blood with just half an hour before. And a half an hour before that. And five minutes before that. It seemed Sherlock preferred to take his meals one sip at a time. But that was beside the point. The point was… on the knife in John’s hand. It was very sharp. He passed the knife to his other, freer, hand to examine it a little closer. His eyes traced the crusts of blood lining every floral whirl of metal, thinking mindlessly how it could possibly be cleaned safely.
Sherlock sighed, deflating into something almost like shame. "Alright I'll take the bloody case."
“Don’t… leave.” Sherlock groaned, his grip on John loosening. “Father, please.”
The teapot whistled. John made a start towards it, but Lestrade seemed more than happy to take his place.
Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders and grinned wildly at him. “They’re doing it on purpose, John.”
John sighed, remembering the long hours they wasted that day trying to extract even the smallest pieces of information from these people. “They could be up to their necks in serial killers and they wouldn’t have enough sense to notice.”
“Nah, he only took maybe half a cup. This is all the vampire saliva.” He said, carefully lowering his glass to the table like it might jump up and bite him.
After discovering that no one at Holmes manor cared enough about his presence to notice his absence, he made a point of being absent as often as possible. He visited the forest more and more as time went by. At first, he only went for a few hours every week. Then, he’d be gone for whole days. Until he spent more of his days in the forest than at home. Until he only rode home when John physically forced him out of the forest when the sun set, and forbade him to ride back after the sun rose. The forest began to feel more like home than the dreary old house that bore his name.
“No. No, it’s much more literal than that. It’s basically the late stages of starvation. When a vampire goes without blood for too long, the body starts cannibalizing itself by digesting it’s own blood supply.”
John shrugged off his cardigan. “Get the furniture out of the way.”
Sherlock shrunk away from Lestrade's sight, suddenly painfully conscious of his own… state. “Lovely to see you too. If you could just leave the morphine on side table and leave, I would be most thankful. Enjoy your date with the wife.” He enunciated carefully in an attempt to appear functional.
John nearly choked on a piece of overcooked chicken. "You're pulling my leg. I mean, hormonal disorders and alternative dietary preferences are one thing. But-"
When John next awoke, he was alone, the vampire-shaped weight on his body mysteriously absent. The saliva pooled in his clavicle was fast on its way to drying, so he guessed that Sherlock had been away for at least fifteen minutes.
