“Steve Rogers. Have a nice evening Tony.”
The man's eyes, which were now visible because he had removed the sunglasses, zeroed in on the finger in Steve's mouth. There was an unknown glint in his eyes, one Steve couldn't quite place. “I- uhm, I need some flowers. Can you help me out?”
Tony took another sip of his drink and sat down with a deep sigh. "And you complied to him because..?"
Both the serious look on Tony's face and his tony caused both son and father to fall into another laughing fit.
A/N; Here's a little extra scene I wrote, because I felt like it. :D
Peter took it, then walked away, pulling Wade with him. "Now we need to go." He ran towards to the window, pulling out his webshooters. " The field trip!" He shouted as an explanation, followed by a 'Race you there Wade!' knowing Wade would follow him. He jumped out and heard a quick 'see you in an hour son' before he went out of ear shot, a warm feeling blooming in his chest.
-A couple of years later- (Time skip brought to you by our beloved Pietro, who is definitely not dead)
"Mister Parker, are you back with us?"
He looked up and his eyes widened. The whole class was indeed staring at him. Peter felt his cheeks heat up as he heard the snickering coming from Flash. The teacher gave Peter the Disappointed Look TM, although Peter was sure Steve's disappointed look was way worse. He noticed that on multiple occasions already.
The soldier didn't move, only said one word. "Tony."
On the other side of the couch, his dads sat together, also cuddling. The rest of the Avengers were scattered around them.
Wade kissed him on the cheek in response. "That's an hour too long, and you know it pumpkin."
They arrived just in time to see everyone standing in the parking lot, slowly filing into the bus. Peter turned to Wade, pecking a quick kiss on his cheek. "Bye baby. I'll see you in a bit." Wade waved to him as he ran off to catch up with Ned.
"Yeah, mister Stark."
Tony's smile widened, and he waved with his right hand as he walked out of the shop to the waiting car outside.
Silence.
Wade nodded, his arms slightly loosening, his eyes tightly focused on Flash.
As he arrived, he saw that the man was done with writing. He picked the card up, put in in between the flowers, and turned around to his cash register. “That'll be thirty dollars please. Do you want to pay with cash or card?”
"Well, Flash?" Tony said mockingly.
The soldier did just that, as soon as Tony was done with speaking. His words were sharp, biting into Tony's mind, and he suddenly found so many more interesting things to explore in his whiskey. He let the lecture wash over him, refilling his drink more and more often until the bottle was empty. A whoozy cloud had taken over Tony's senses, and he wondered how strong the alcohol was in the whiskey that he picked. Probably very high, seeing as he normally didn't get so drunk after one bottle. His hand grabbed the bottle, and he squinted his eyes trying to read the label.
Steve, who was standing only a couple of meters away from Tony, swung his head around to the genius. A scowl adorned his face, and his eyes were slanted in anger. Whilst he threw his shield towards one of the aliens without even looking, he snapped "What's so funny, Stark?"
Peter sat up a little straighter. The whole class fell silent. Somehow, he knew that this was not gonna turn out well. He felt his friend Ned next to him tense up as well, although he suspected it was rather from excitement than from worry.
Tony stared back, dropping the needle. He then turned to Steve, who was as flabbergasted as he was. "What did we fucking adopt?"
"Damsel in distress." Peter said, throwing a smirk at his dad, also know as Tony Stark. He was laying on one of those medical tables, and the cold steel sent shivers down his back.
“No, thank you.” Steve had already retracted his hand from the cards and turned back when the man said “Actually, maybe add one. I'll leave her a message for when she finds the flowers explaining what they all mean.”
"Get out." He pushed Flash towards the doors. "Oh, and young man? Don't bother applying  to any university anymore. You're banned."
Peter felt Wade's arms tighten around him. He ignored Flash and put a hand on the menace's chest, mumbling out to him. "Wade. Baby, remember the no-killing rule?"
MJ didn't say anything, but Peter still saw the small smile that appeared on her face.
Said husband got even closer, the corners of his mouth quirking up. "Oh? And what if I want you to> Because I'm gonna start fighting you if you keep standing there."
This guy really had a death wish. Peter's gaze flickered to his dads, searching for help.
What matters is how fricking funny the scene in front of him is.
Ned nudged him in the ribs. Peter opened his eyes again, which apparently was enough reason for Ned to start to talking again. "You totally should show me your lab! Oh my God, will Dr Banner be there? Please tell me he will be there? I would love to meet Dr Banner! Can you introduce me to him? Of course you can. How about Black Widow? Can you introduce me to her? I hope -"
The arguing voice from his dads reached him first, together with the tingling in his neck. Then he knew, without looking back, that they entered the cafeteria. And that everyone was looking at them. Peter turned his face towards his boyfriend's chest. "Please tell me they didn't decide to come to us." He mumbled to him.
"Psst. Peter." Peter felt his friend nudging him in his ribs. He groaned, not wanting to open his eyes. "Dude, come on. Everyone's staring."
o--o--o--o
"Son, I like, you know, I need you to stay still right now. I can't fix this if you keep laughing." Tony turned around to Stephen, glaring at his new husband. "And you need to be silent too, wizard. I can't do this if you keep making Peter laugh."
The week went by in a flash. Literally. Soon enough, it was Friday morning and time to go on the dreaded field trip. Even though Peter so does not want to go, he sees this as an opportunity to shut Flash up for once and for all. He would have his chance to do so, granting his boyfriend wouldn't embarrass him before they were even there.
Peter was on the couch, cuddling with Wade. His boyfriend was eating popcorn, focused on the movie.
So, by the time it was time for lunch, Peter was exhausted. He was leaning against Wade, quietly eating the fries his boyfriend gave him.
There was a silence again for some minutes, in which Steve deftly finished his bouquet. He smiled at it, then moved his gaze to the man. “One ‘fuck you’ bouquet done and dusted.” He turned to the card holder that stood to his right and asked “Do you want to add a card, or rather not?”
Steve watched the man out of the corner of his eye as he worked. If he was honest, he had to admit that the man didn't look all that bad. Especially the combination of the tussled hair and the goatee.
Steve chuckled. "I know." He said, and pulled the genius into another kiss. "I love you too."
Peter ignored him and sighed. "Your doom."
Peter stomach dropped. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. He looked at Ned with shock on his face. His friend, however, was practically bouncing in his seat of excitement. "Omg! Now you can finally show me your lab!"
Of course, if it wasn't for his Parker Luck TM, the moment would be perfect.
o--o--o--o
There was a sound that could pass for a snicker coming from the room's speakers. "Because he is still your Captain, Sir."
These aliens were different from the ones they have seen until now. Their skin was an odd mix of scales and feathers, giving them a look like they're modern-day dinosaurs. Their heads were gigantic, eyes bulging out of their sockets. That combined with their body made Tony think they were fighting enormous chickens rather than aliens or dinosaurs.
Tony sneered at him. "Watch me. Now get out."
He felt more relaxed, now that he was with his friends. It also helped that Wade was tangling  and untangling his hand in the boy's hair, which was quite calming.
Peter let out a relieved sigh. The day went well. His dads didn't embarrass him any further, Flash was still alive and the tour was finally done.
A pair of hands grabbed his shoulders, interrupting his scrutinizing study of the bottle. He raised his head to look who had grabbed hold of him, but was pulled into a kiss instead.
why…” the other replies, and if he doesn’t actually roll his eyes he surely comes very close. “I just want to apologize, that was out of order and non-consensual and I shouldn’t have done it.”
Another lie, probably. But at this point it doesn’t really matter anymore.
important. In this specific case, if you
“We didn’t. As soon as we realized the armor wasn’t a robot but a
Steve barely hears his teammate. It’s not just remarkable, it’s
along with the music, not trying to be as still as possible while your partner does all the movement for you.”
Tony blinks, trying to restore his attention on what is actually happening and not on the absence in the room, and after a couple of seconds of disorientation he shakes his hand.
With what seems to be an atrocious effort, he manages to come back to his senses, as if following an invisible trail left by the sound of that voice. Of course he can’t say for sure, but if he had to take a guess he’d say it feels like the first word a baby hears after being born.
“You need to keep things simple, alright?” he then offers, taking a deep breath as to brace himself. “Just say that you had a nice time and you’d like to do it again. If you feel adventurous and think it could be the right move – although I have my doubts you can actually
he thinks, but of course he can’t say it out loud. “I’ll take care of that too.” he sighs, and there’s enough fatigue and anguish in those words for the man in front of him to take his leave.
“Tony…” he shakes his head, passing a hand over his face to take time. “People
, he wonders,
“Malta? What happened in Malta?” Steve frowns, genuinely confused now, and Tony knows at once the reason why the name doesn’t ring any bell to the other man.
“Wait a second. You’re telling me he’s for real?,” he can’t keep himself from saying out loud, the astonishment too big to contain. Everyone turns to look at him, as if they had forgotten he’s there – and maybe they
, he wonders, but of course he already knows the answer to this question, he’s always known it, deep, deep down.
. Didn’t you see me?”
“It’s not my stuff, Tony…” the other giggles, making him realize just
“Oh, no, thanks, I must be going,” he replies straightaway, just as if he had been rehearsing that line into his head over and over. Of course it’s a lie, he doesn’t have a home anymore – literally and
…” he begs him with his hands still around his face, feeling really at loss right now, and because he doesn’t know what else could work, he kisses him again.
“Well, I’m glad we got that out of the way, and I can see your point, it’s smart. Anyway, what I thought we ought to do is to have only one official team to respond to… extraordinary threats – aliens and that kind of shit – and have everyone else as substitutes. Of course, their deployment would be subject to government control, and I was thinking, it wouldn’t hurt to put some sort of… tracking device on them, just to make sure they respect the law.”
“We’ve been at this for a while, Winghead, I’d be worried if I didn’t…” he replies instead, to mask his real feelings, although he’s not quite sure
“Shut up!”
“Your pumpkin carriage is here, I believe…”
“Tony, p-please…”
He didn’t mean it as a joke, but that seems to be the effect that his words have, because she smirks at him, shaking her head: “Oh, but plenty of people
, as if someone had been living here for
“Oh yeah? What’s their names?”
“I... uh, I’m not good with chopsticks...” Steve leans in to whisper, and Tony wants to disappear right there and materialize somewhere far away; but instead his grin widens as they reach the table, and he bows to kiss Carol’s cheeks and shake Jessica’s hand.
“Look who popped off the sky!” a voice from behind his shoulders comes in now, and Tony smiles as recognizing it straightaway; he turns around and sure enough Rhodey pulls him into a tight hug which he wasn’t honestly expecting.
, that’s when it became
“You would too if you hadn’t been so drunk, Tony. Kinda hard to forget.”
“Someone
Tony sighs again, although this time refrains from voicing his frustration out loud: “As in, on a scale from ten to zero. You see, before a first date, you start at the lowest grade, and by the end of it, your aim is to get as closer to ten as you can. I normally score... 9 on average.” He can’t help himself from sharing, he doesn’t even know why, exactly. It’s not like they’re having a competition - hell, the way things are they wouldn’t even be in the same
One that he could have never imagined before.
“Really, Steve? Since when are you
“We’re not in the habit of receiving… guests, so you’ll have to excuse the simple… design of this. It should be… comfortable enough, though.”
“What is it? Did you find the ring?”
he can even see him; reminding himself that he’s here on official business, Tony stands up and stretches his hand forward to shake with Clint’s, Nat’s and Sam’s who, after a moment of indecision, all reciprocate the gesture. But, pleasantries aside, the air is tense and awkward, making him feel like a stranger in his own house; he shoots a glance to Rhodey, who promptly steps in.
Holding a sigh in, he takes a step forward as his turn to be sworn in is up, and for a split second, when he lies his hand upon the Constitution, is tempted to throw the whole stupid plan away and tell people what is actually
What appears to be a cast is engulfing the limb up to the elbow, explaining both the stiffness and the impossibility of the movement he has just tried to perform.
Steve sighs, pretending to be annoyed, but Tony knows it’s just a façade: “If I do… promise you’ll elaborate on what you just said afterwards?”
Steve puts the oxygen mask back on his mouth and closes his eyes, but lets his hand being held by Tony, who seems unable to move from that position. Or to find some meaningful words to say.
, closing his eyes before leaning against him, hot flushes spreading over his face and body, making him forget about any coherent thoughts that might still be present inside his brain.
to belong to the government. I just… inherited it. Listen,” he then adds, anticipating Steve’s next wave of questions, “I know you have your reasons not to trust me, but I’m trying to tell you, you might change your mind if only you give me a chance.”
, he thinks, staying silent for a few moments, his thoughts relentlessly chasing each other inside his brain as he tries so desperately to come up with an idea that could drag them out of this mess. But before he can say anything, Fury talks again.
Tony stretches towards the nightstand and grabs his phone, staring at it for a few seconds as trying to decide whether to go through with it. He
“Oh believe me, you
Steve takes a deep sigh, looks away, scratches his chin, fiddles with his hands, anything except interacting with him; then, just when Tony is on the verge of speaking again, he starts talking, albeit at the beginning still not meeting his gaze.
“But I clearly remember someone telling me that you did not – how can I say this? – collaborate in the aftermath of the Accords becoming law?”
. He might be a natural leader, but he doesn’t like
But once again her voice gets cut off.
“I know that, Shellhead…” Steve replies, for the first time in the whole evening opening up in a relaxed smile, immediately returned by the man sitting in front of him. For a couple of seconds it’s like time stops, neither of them moves or says anything, their hands still together, and Tony wonders if Steve is actually aware of this, if he has just plain forgotten about it or if he’s doing it on purpose to prove he’s able to, although he doesn’t think so, because that’s unlike him.
as well. It was not supposed to be for real, not at the time it had happened anyway, it had just been an excuse for an already planned press conference, but then she had kept the ring and he’d figured, ‘why not?, it’s not like I’ve got anything else going on’… And to say the truth, Pepper
“I… am gonna go now. Don’t call me, I don’t think the lines are safe, matter of fact you should get rid of your phone, I threw mine away on the way here. I’m gonna work on a home security system to install here, I’ll send someone over to wire it up, so let me know if you have any preference for the name and I’ll personalize it for you. I… I’ll try to design an encrypted way for us to communicate, could take a while depending on how things move but please, until then, don’t try to get in touch electronically, no matter how safe
Heaving a great sigh like this was the most inconvenient thing on the planet; Tony pushed away from the worktable and stood.
He had known from the moment he’d met her that there was something not quite right about her. No way was a woman that beautiful and badass aspiring to be a mere personal assistant. Tony would have dedicated more brainpower to trying to figure her out if it wasn’t for the fact he was fairly focused on trying to find a way to not die. That, and the fact that Darcy had called the other day and left a very disturbing message about a man named Thor - and seriously, who the fuck names their kid
There was something more to this than just sketching his holoscreens, Tony was sure. Except, he had no idea what it could possibly be, so he figured he’d just have to lay in wait until he could either get it out of Steve, or corner Darcy and make her tell him.
“See you around, Captain Rogers.” Tony gave him a small, two fingered salute and reached over to pick up his bag, which Steve hadn’t even noticed was sitting on the floor against one of the honeycomb shaped walls. The man brushed past him, the air shifting as he made his way to the cargo hold.
“Tony!” she cried, hurrying over to him and allowing him to swing her up into his arms. He held her tightly, one arm around her back and the other under her thighs to keep her stable, though with how she had wound both her arms and legs around him, he doubted she actually needed help. It seemed that she had just been waiting for his arrival before dissolving into loud, gasping sobs against his throat, her whole body hot with the emotional upheaval.
“Please,” she begged, voice thickening with tears.
“He’s the handsomest robotic dog in existence!” she laughed, bringing Sparky close and hugging him.
The return to consciousness was swift, and Tony was immediately aware of the soft sheets under his cheek and the quiet tap of fingers against a screen.
Darcy laughed.
“I think I’m feeling the metallic colours, what do you guys think?” he asked, pulling out the four metallic shades from the selection and tilting them to see the various subtle shifts in colour under the light.
She bowed slightly to him before turning and walking away, towards the capsule that would take her back below the sea, her hair clip left abandoned on the bench.
“Yinsen and I travelled together for a few months afterwards, planet hopping on anything that was space worthy. Finally, we parted ways with Yinsen headed for his home planet, and I for wherever the ‘verse took me. I never heard from him again…” Tony’s voice softened, sadness creeping into his tone.
Steve stared at Tony from the bed in one of the spare passenger bunks on the ship. With the help of Thor, Steve had strong-armed Tony into a wooden chair in the room, his hands tied behind his back and duct tape silencing his extremely loud complaints. Thor had taken up the space beside the door, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest in a way that made his biceps appear particularly large. There was something not quite right with this situation, a normal passenger would have been at least a little bit upset that they had just left a planet amid laser shots and clearly illegal activity.
“Never!”
As soon as the words had left her mouth, Pepper blushed a bright pink, one hand coming up to her mouth in a belated attempt to hold in the words as her other hand clutched the paperwork to her chest.
Staring at the roof, he smiled and stretched out an arm, imaging what it would be like to have another body warming the sheets beside him.
“Agreed,” Steve said.
“Hey, you awake now?” he asked, rolling over to her. Once in reaching distance, she immediately took his hand, giving it a quick, tight, squeeze, before letting go.
“Park up, we’ll go see if there’s anything left for us on Her,” Steve said, clapping Clint on the shoulder before standing up straight and reaching for the PA to let the rest of the crew know about their unexpected stop.
“Pepper?” Darcy asked quietly, laughter having faded almost immediately at the entrance of a stranger.
Obie sighed as he had done when Tony was a kid and had broken some rule his father had implemented in order to try and reign in Tony’s outgoing and curious personality.
He was only just getting started and it seemed that it was already almost over.
“Trouble?” Tony put a hand to his heart dramatically as he edged over to the oven to peer inside and see what she had in there. “I’ve done nothing. Where on Earth do you get these ideas?” he asked, grinning at the sight of what was in the oven.
To put it simply, it was breathtakingly beautiful.
Briefly, he thought about their new acquisitions sitting hidden in the cargo hold. If the USC found the crew with that much weaponry, especially still in its travel boxes and clearly having never been used, they could get done for weapons trading on top of everything else. Tony hadn’t been wrong in thinking that it was all more trouble than it was worth.
“If you wanted to, we could go,” Steve said, voice dropping to an intimate whisper as he reached out with liquid courage and covered the mechanics hand within his own slightly damp one.
A cheer went up throughout the crowd, but Steve’s attention was caught by Tony, as the man happily waved his corn husk in the air with everyone else, the silk still attached to it reflecting the firelight.
Tony, unable to actually speak, let out a loud huff behind the tape.
“Fuck!” Tony gasped finally, hands tight in Steve’s hair.
“You’re not normal,” Clint muttered.
Someone who had selflessly offered to help a member of his crew, even if it was only for a small thing like a burn, had to be a somewhat good person.
Tony hummed lightly as Steve pulled back, and he got to watch as the brunet slowly opened his eyes, the brown orbs lit up with happiness. A soft smile curved his mouth and Steve felt an answering one on his own.
When Tony still failed to respond, Steve moved towards him, worried that there might actually be something physically wrong with him. People carried all kinds of strange things in their luggage, had something sharp caught Tony when he’d fallen and he was silent because he didn’t want the rest of the crew to know?
“You’re so going to eat those words when I show you my surprise of sheer awesomeness. I’mma make you throw me a party with a big-ass banner that reads: ‘Darcy - sister of the century’ in large, black font,” she poked her tongue out at him.
“That’s the least of our worries right now, Miss Potts.” Steve turned from her and glanced outside the open mouth of the ship. The glow of the lights beyond the port made it impossible to see the shining pinpricks of other planets and moons within the inky blackness of the sky.
“I’m working as something of a go-between today. I have someone who has had an employee kidnapped and they wish for their safe return. They should be arriving shortly,” Nick said.
“T-Tony?” she whimpered, pressing her forehead harder against his collar bone.
Tony did as he was bid, hoping that she’d pull the other cake out.
“Jane went to some planetarium observatory thing at the university, so Thor tagged along with her. Darcy is out to lunch with her university friends,” Tony ticked off his fingers. “Natasha is…” he trailed off, and looked at Clint expectantly.
“Then leave it urgently,” Tony snipped.
“You let a rival business establish a base in your own territory?” Steve snorted.
“I wanted to offer you a piece of advice before you departed, anyway,” she continued.
The man didn’t even twitch, as if he hadn’t heard Steve at all.
Tony looked mulish for a moment, before he snorted and took a large gulp of his own cider.
“But… I thought you loved working as head of SI?”
“I want it noted that I don’t approve of you two being best buddies and ganging up on me,” he said, glancing between Darcy behind him and Steve in front of him.
“Come on,” Pepper urged him, placing the cupcake wrapper in the bin before moving towards the elevators, attention mostly on her StarkPad.
“We were… on Yurma? Shooting – shot. I got shot.” Tony dropped his hand from his face and struggled to leverage himself upright. He only got halfway up before he flinched, hissing out a breath between clenched teeth as he placed a hand over the now bandaged wound while lying back down.
“Try not to make the minions faint this time, okay?”
“TONY!” Steve yelled out in horror.
Steve knew the name Tiberius Stone. While not the richest or most successful son of a business man who made his money wherever he could, there was always plenty to hear about him in the social gossip channels. He was definitely not a man without scandal, the rumours about his exploits with men and women were an often talked about topic when Steve visited Core planets market places.
The folder sits on the coffee table in front of him, a ticking time bomb.
Tony clearly thought the complaint was ridiculous. “I guess I just missed calling someone Steve. Over there it was like playing Marco Polo with no one answering. You do. It’s nice.”
“Getting sucker punched isn’t fun is it,” Tony pants, scrambling to find purchase where there is none. “That’s what it felt like,” there’s a flash of teeth, “in Siberia.”
Steve ignored the warning signs until it was nearly too late.
“Well, I pretty much just read between the lines. The guy’s a teeny bit overprotective of Stark regardless of whether or not they’re on speaking terms.”
There was no destination, there was only the space in between.
No one believes Tony Stark’s innocent.)
“Wanda.”
“Late-acting suppressants,” Reed explained with far more confidence than Steve thought the idea merited.
“Best guess? In no particular order: France, Washington, Romania, Berlin, Siberia, your planned one-man invasion of Belgium… You turned yourself in to join him and you’ve spent the entire time you’ve been here inserting yourself into his rehabilitation any way you can. You’re not subtle when you care.”
“T’challa and Shuri will help.”
“Don’t focus on the memory,” Bucky sounds like he did a lifetime ago when he had all the answers and Steve had none, “focus on the feeling, the system does the rest. That’s the point.”
When Steve slept he did not dream, he remembered. He killed by deceit, by blunt force, by drowning. It was never difficult, not physically at least. Not with Tony who trusted him every single time. Steve had tried to be merciful, even after Tony had denied him peace time and time again. Tony had been the principal architect of the Ether, the man with the key, but he swore he’d die before releasing that secret. Steve had simply carried out the sentence.
“We don’t believe so. The programming isn’t asserting itself so much as Sgt. Barnes is unconsciously taking refuge in those mechanisms that dull his emotional state.”
“Fine. I’m not injured Rogers, I’m
as Tony dropped the ore into Steve’s waiting hand. “ - I wasn’t going to steal it, Cap! Jesus!”
It was evening before he gave himself permission. The bedroom was empty but the bathroom door was open. Inside, the glass walls were decorated with cloudy smears of blood - enough that Steve could taste the iron in the air alongside acrid stench of vomit. Tony was fully clothed under the shower, curled up in the far corner, awake and unaware.
“Here’s my offer,” Steve’s voice is hollow and he feels another sliver of himself give way, “you let me retape your side and you tell Natasha you’re out with bruised ribs. FRIDAY sends her updates about your condition.” He presents the extra coffee. “That’s the best I can do.”
“Hey,” Tony whispered, his hands cupping Steve’s face, eyes searching his. “I love you. I’m not leaving you.”
Six months ago revealing a vulnerability felt like giving away one of the few things that still belonged to him. That’s not the way sharing works. It feels like a massive revelation but Tony takes it in stride. He just nods and rests his head on the back of the chair, closing his eyes. He used to do that a lot: fall asleep draped over whatever piece of furniture was nearest - a residual product of science binges and a lifetime of living alone. Being safe enough to fall asleep around was something Steve didn’t realize he was missing until he got it back.
——————————————
It’s not about a piece of metal. It never was.
“I don’t know,” Steve croaks. His Christmas break from Stark started at the same time as everyone else’s. “According to the papers he got himself into a bar fight in Philadelphia and bought a baseball team.”
In which mistakes are made.
because you’d be utterly useless. Pop quiz Spangles: what language do they speak in Maldecia?” Steve can’t answer and Stark knows it. “Right, so coordinating with the locals is out. Can you fly through torrential rainfall once the infrastructure washes out? Drop rubble to prevent storm surge? Prevent buildings from collapsing? No, you can’t.”
“It’s not, you deserve - “
Steve wasn’t going to be fooled again. (Like he hadn't said that every time he fell for Tony’s mask. Over and over and over again.)
“Yes,” he says automatically before correcting himself. “No. I don’t know.” He deflates. “You have to hate this, Nat. You’re a spy, you can’t like your name all over the news.”
"I don't understand."
“You’re cold,” Steve said, helpless.
Tony is not Steve’s responsibility, or his colleague, or his confidante. He’s not even sure they’re friends, but they used to be. It’s enough. Steve wanders over and collapses into the pink lawn chair. The polyester fabric strains under his weight. He grabs the whisky and takes two long slugs straight from the bottle.
The blossoms Tony coughs up these days are already dead: decaying brown petals, withering already. Flowers after first frost.
That’s not right: it’s Tony everyone should be worried about. The fact that FRIDAY thought -
He’d show up at Steve’s door at midnight; clothes dishevelled, bruises optional. Sometimes he’d smell like sex: alpha pheromones reeking off him or omega fluids stuck to his skin. Steve could barely look at him. He wondered if that was the point Tony was trying to prove; standing defiant under the scrutiny. But most of the time when Steve opened the door Tony was dripping wet from the shower, scrubbed down to the bone, like with enough soap and scraping he could smell like nothing. Steve could always smell the sea.
Tony, halfway through his coffee. “How could you possibly know that? I’ve taken two showers.”
Steve can hear the sounds of people running down the hallway towards them. He doesn’t have time. “Just let me go. I can help in Antwerp. Then I’ll come back or stay away, whichever you want.”
Then Tony rapped on his window. “C’mon Cap, it’s warm inside.”
Tony smiled wanly. “You've been good to me. Too good for how I've treated you, probably. Bruce thinks you’re having a sympathetic response to the broken bond and the fact I had a tagalong with your DNA." Steve hated the dismissal of their connection as biology. "It should degrade as I go through withdrawal so if you feel a resurgence in your desire to hit me, you’re right on track.”
“Not like that,” Tony sneers like a grenade hasn’t just gone off, “and the sex was surprisingly good considering I was being punished for being me and for not being Barnes at the same time.”
There was one more thing Steve had to do.
“You’re injured.”
“Of course,” he introduces them brusquely, “Kovalchyk, Rogers. Rogers, Kovalchyk. What’s the problem?”
Stark leans himself back on his heels and for the first time Steve thinks of the discomfort kneeling might bring. Tony just bows his head, pink tongue flicking out as his lips twitch into a half-smile. Steve smiles softly back. The moment should be massively awkward but it’s not. It’s nice. This place between them that doesn’t exist in anger or suspicion.
Suddenly Steve is standing too close to Stark. “I swear if you've done anything that - “
Bucky just shrugs helplessly.
"Tony..."
“That’s why I love you, Tones.” Rhodes’s head falls back against the couch to stare at the ceiling. “That and the Maserati.”
This time they don’t have a magic stone to blame. This time the rush of anger flooding Steve’s body is accompanied by pinpricks of something else. He’s too aware of Tony’s body: the dark cotton of his shirt, the smell of oil and old sweat, the uneven lines of his beard where he hasn’t shaved. Stark lives in his skin in a way Steve can’t in his stolen body. The tension in the room ratchets up like a heavy, drugged haze. The buzzing in Steve’s ears grows intolerable. He wants nothing more than to reach out and bridge the gap between them but whether or not the touch is welcome, it definitely means the talking part will be over.
“Why honey-cakes, you’d say such a thing to your sugar daddy?”
, he has no power at all.
“-eve!
Reed blinked owlishly. “Tony.”
“Then trust me. If I fail then I’m stuck right here with you. We leave together, or not at all.”
Stark gives a little laugh at Steve’s spirited defense. “Well, that certainly makes me a hypocrite.” His eyes glitter in a way that only precedes casual cruelty. “At least I’m in good company.”
Tony took a step back. “It shouldn’t be like this...”
Tony laughs and Steve remembers how easily that used to happen. “Tough old bird, eh?”
“Apart from you and Rogers crashing the party,” Tony mumbles. He spins to face them, walls back up, and bristles as he eyes Steve. “Fucking Natasha.”
“What do you want me to say, Rogers?” Angry. Accusatory. Familiar.
“I’m not leaving,” Steve promises. He rubs his eyes. “Tony - “
Stark’s pulse spikes in a way unassociated with arousal when Steve looms over him and while Steve hasn’t done anything with that yet, the ugly urge to press any advantage he has left lurks under his skin.
Stark downs his drink in a single swallow before turning and dropping his glass back in the cart. It hits the tray with a deafening clank and his hands are already moving to pour himself another. Steve resents the twinge of guilt he feels at Tony’s lack of moderation.
“I never made it through the portal before,” Peter said, voice shaking, “why now?”
to believe you,” Steve whispered ferociously.
Steve can tell the moment Tony’s found it by the expression on his face. It morphs from anger to self-disgust to hollowness. He stares, unable to look away from one of the worst moments of his life, immortalized now on a whim. It’s the best and only drawing Steve’s completed in 365 days and for all the pain it caused him, he never thought of what it could do to its subject.
There’s a repulsor flash and then nothing.
“You haven’t been drinking,” Steve says, mildly surprised. He hadn’t put too much stock in Stark’s promised sobriety.
Steve tried sometimes. “You’re not an idiot. You’re brilliant and resourceful and brave - ”
Stark doesn’t get mean when he drinks, far from it. He gets flirty and generous, giving away gifts and pieces of himself. The liquor smooths over his sharp edges, directs them all inward. Steve can see how tempting it is to enable this; to let Tony keep coming back to this place where he’s happy and his tongue mostly dulled.
Let it never be said Steve wasn’t warned.
Tony’s smile dropped. “You sleeping?”
“Dammit, Tony.” Steve rubs his eyes with his palms because Stark being afraid of apologies is just one more of those things.
Steve looks closer at the media conglomerate itself. It owns several 24/7 news channels nationally and dozens of local outfits across the Midwest and California, all with an anti-Avenger bent that manages to condemn him and Tony both. He can think of a dozen reasons why the Avengers need the American media onside and absolutely zero for why Tony would sleep with a man who hates him.
“Hypothetically.”
“Tombstone. Singular,” Tony corrects, “and he deserved it.”
“Hey! Stevie! Steve!”
He blinked and found himself in the common room of the Mansion. He wasn’t alone. Clint and Dr. Strange were at the table. The room was tense, stress lingering in the air despite the casual domestic scene.
Every other Thursday Jim makes sure to pin Tony down and make him eat and talk. There’s an art to it that none of the other Avengers ever really learned. It seemed the epitome of prima donna behaviour to have your best friend jump through so many hoops for the honour of spending time with you.
The adrenaline in Steve’s system amplifies sensation tenfold. Tony bucks his hips up in a futile attempt to dislodge him and accidentally brushes against Steve’s growing interest. Proximity to Tony means one of two things these days and Steve’s body can’t tell the difference anymore.
Steve's eyes were feverish in their intensity. “You don’t deserve Hell either, Tony. You’re a better man than you used to be.”
Tony’s eyes dart warily to the huge cotton expanse and back. “You don’t like beds,” he says flatly. “Too decadent as I recall. I bet I can convince you to stay right - ”
Steve stays awake on the couch for the rest of the night but for the first time since waking in the future, he feels young.
If you’re keeping track, Steve breaks every promise he makes save the last. Neither Tony nor Steve manage to actually keep a secret either: everyone knows they’re sleeping together, that Steve’s in love with Bucky, that he’s visiting the North Wing. Tony doesn’t manage to hide his bruised ribs, his dalliance at the gala, or Kovalchyk. Tony gives Steve the same speech in Chapter 5 that Natasha gives Tony in Chapter 2. Steve’s rants in Chapters 2 and 4 about abandoning your responsibilities in favour of wallowing in your own pain are, of course, peak hypocrisy given that’s exactly what Steve spends this entire story doing.
“Don’t be. It’s better this way.”
. He hadn’t fallen off the wagon, he didn’t avoid touch. He didn’t have any new scars where someone would have had to force Tony to submit because he didn’t bow his head for anyone. He still smiled and laughed. He was still Iron Man. He still had sex.
Steve closed his eyes and hoped when he opened them the grey sky would end. He felt the heat from the explosion but the force was absorbed by someone or something in its way.
The hand retreated. “Whose?”
“More than,” Tony replied and Steve believed him. Every time.
Later Tony had come for him swinging and Steve gave as good as he got which was considerably less than what he was capable of. Tony was out of shape, out of practice and without the armour it wasn’t even a contest. It ended with Steve pinning him to the wall, limbs utterly immobilized. Steve had the moral, logical and physical high ground, he should have known that Tony’s only move left was to kiss him.
When Steve doesn’t move Tony pulls off his sunglasses and slides into the booth opposite him. The waitress reappears and while Steve flew under her radar she definitely recognizes Tony Stark.
The first night he can’t sleep he doesn’t try to find Tony. He doesn’t end up uninvited in the North Wing either. He wanders through the very back of the living quarters until he finds himself knocking on an unfamiliar door.
The North Wing gym is being emptied a piece at a time. They’re in the process of moving Bucky to an offsite apartment but Steve still visits, a habit he can’t seem to shake even when Bucky’s not here.
you decide you’re better than this? Your timing is awful.”
“I can also take your entire fist. Did you know I could do that? Because I didn’t. He didn’t even get off on it, he just wanted to prove that he could do anything he wanted to me and I had to take it.” Tony turned to look intently at Steve. “What part of
Tony smiles and it’s utterly empty. “If only there was someone here who could step up in my absence,” his head lolls toward Steve, “but he won’t. He’s too much of an asshole and that’s coming from
” Steve spat through gritted teeth. MODOK was ugly, not beautiful. He was welded to his technology inelegantly, he didn’t wear it like a second skin. He was a wretched creature by design, not a Fallen one Steve had tried so many times to restore.
Steve’s unsure which is the sin and which is the virtue. His fingers tentatively brush against Tony’s hair for whatever comfort they’re worth. He looks out at the stars with an artist’s eye. You can’t see them in the city proper but out here… pinpricks of bright embedded in inky black. Hundreds, thousands, all shining down. Steve is used to feeling small but against the vastness of the Milky Way the smallness makes him feels safe instead of threatened.
“Coffee?” Tony asks mock cheerfully, offering his mug like he isn’t still in yesterday’s suit.
“Dammit Tony.” He didn’t know. It’s not like they’re actually sleeping together - they barely get undressed half the time. He doesn’t see Stark naked often enough to keep track of scrapes and bumps. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
Peter, in the mean time, was still reassuring Wade with 'No, it is not needed to kill him' and that 'Yes, Wade, I'm fine, don't worry'. He turned to Happy, giving him an apologetic smile. "Sorry Hap, you can continue."
Peter rolled his eyes at that. His and Ned's passes were way cooler. Heck, even MJ's pass is cooler. They have just basic white ones, while MJ has a red one and both he and Ned have golden cards. He took out his pass and slipped the lanyard around his neck, nudging Ned to do the same. He looked around, seeing everyone staring at him and Ned. "What?" He mumbled.
"Did puny Parker just call THE Tony Stark dad?" Flash was shrieking.
Peter groaned. "You know dad's gonna kill you the moment you walk in."
The man grumbled something akin to “It's your shop, do whatever you want.” but that was quickly followed by a more courteous “Please.”
He would be lying if he said he didn't like it.
The tingle of the entrance bell, well, tingled, as a late customer entered his shop. Steve internally groaned. It was nearing nine pm, and he was ready to stop and call it a day.
"Okay." Mr Warren addressed the rest of the class once again. With one last pointed look towards Peter, he looked away and continued talking. "Now that everyone is with us, it is finally time to announce the big surprise"
"You need to scan your pass here -" He gestured to the scanner. "and walk through the detector. The tour guide will be waiting for you on the other side. Now, form a line."
Peter looked at his teacher, his heart skipping a beat at the mention of May. He let his shoulders drop, and turned away, hiding his tears. "Okay Sir." He stepped into the bus and walked to the back, almost tripping over Flash's legs. Ignoring Flash, he sat down behind MJ. Soon enough, Ned came into the bus and sat down too. His friend turned to him, childlike excitement showing on his face.
Flash obeyed, running as fast as his legs could take him out the doors.
"Language." Steve interrupted. The poor soldier was white in the face as he stared at his husband trying to stitch up his son. Dr Cho was conveniently absent that day, and Bruce was off to Gods know where, so it was up to Tony to get Peter better.
The man himself shrugged. He shook his head and smiled, even though no one could see it. "Not my fault Katniss. Should've watched your balance." He looked around to the damage around them, and the creatures causing it. The aliens were almost all gone, save for a few here and there. He aimed his palms towards the ground, slowly ascending. The others could deal with this mess. It wasn't his job to do that.
Peter smiled at him, his eyes sparkling. "Actually, I kinda do. I mean, it is you who is tending to my wounds, mind you. I would rather be more comfortable when Steve, or even better, Bruce does it, but at the same time, I don't have anything to worry about because it's you who is tending to them and you would rather kill yourself than hurt me." He finished talking, looking up to both his dads with a proud look on his face, as if saying that was the biggest achievement of his life.
This is gonna be bad.
It took a while, but soon enough, the last people that hadn't gone through were Ned, MJ, Peter (who was still in Wade's arms) and Wade (who was still holding Peter).
The teacher looked offended by that, but Tony ignored him.
Steve saw that explaining it hurt the man, so he didn't ask further. “I'm sorry that that happened to you.”
Peter sighed and dropped his head on the seat. This is gonna be a long day.
"Yes Peter."
Flash's mouth fell open. "You can't do that!"
He busied himself with arranging the flower's in front of him, briefly looking up to welcome the customer. He didn't get a reply.
Mr Warren, who himself was impressed, guided the equally awestruck students towards the desk, where he left them whilst he went to fetch their cards from the administration.
The man smiled, taking the bouquet in his left arm. “Stark. Tony Stark.” He inclined his head towards Steve. “But thank
Steve nodded, signing it before giving it back.
"Fine." Tony stood on his toes, so that they were almost on eye level. "Bring it on, Wizard."
The man nodded to him, and he turned around. He walked to the back room and to his desk, where he sifted through one of the drawers. Pulling out a band-aid, he awkwardly tried to put it around his pricked finger, and succeeded after some struggling. He then walked back to the counter.
"Puny! Where are your buddy's, huh? They too sick of you to show up?"
Peter started giggling like crazy, his eyes switching between Tony and Stephen. "You did not just say that, dad!"
Peter replied to her, avoiding the looks of his classmates, instead looking at Wade. "Hey Fri. Might as well do that. Can you tell him Wade's also here, and that he's with me?"
"But sir, he-" Flash really had a death wish.
They were now standing toe to toe. Tony, being a good couple of inches smaller than Stephen, had to look up. For the second time in his life, he actually didn't mind being the smaller of two.
Sure, Peter could agree with them that the building was impressive. It was a big building, and a beautiful one at that. The main entrance was gigantic. He usually didn't enter through here though. Most of the time, he webbed himself a  way through an open window and gave an heart attack to whoever was unlucky enough to be in that room. It wasn't really a big impact for Peter when he saw the building, but it was still impressive.
He walked inside, ignoring Steve who immediately jumped up. "Fri?" He asked, making his way towards the bar. He grabbed himself a random bottle of whiskey with one hand, whilst the other found the two emergency bracelets. He discreetly clicked them on, before reaching for a glass. His eyes didn't miss the slight perk of Steve's ears as the bracelets clicked, and he knew Steve already suspected what he was doing.
"Michelle 'MJ' Jones. Clearance level: Red. No threatening items." Then a second later. "Edward 'Ned' Leeds. Clearance level: Gold. No threatening items."
"Hmm." Tony turned to Steve. "I swear I heard him say something, didn't you?"
Peter felt like he was experiencing a deja-vu moment. He was once again, lying on a medical bed, a wound in his stomach and his dad to his side fussing over him in full momma bear mode. A giggle made it's way up in his throat, only to be slightly dampened at the thought of Steve.
Mr Warren looked at the class, holding the silence for a moment and a grin on his face, before exclaiming "We are going for a tour at Stark Industries!"
Steve watched the man step inside the car, then kept watching as the car accelerated and rode out of the street. He smiled to himself as he walked to the door and turned around the OPEN-sign to the CLOSED side. As he walked back to the counter, he saw a white card lying there. Worried that the man, Tony, forgot his card, he picked it up and quickly read it
"Language!"
the man's eyes narrow at him. He rolled his own once again, and turned towards the Captain, trusting his team members to protect him. Fucking Rogers and his goody-two-shoes attitude. "Really Cap, nothing that isn't discussable after this whole endeavour."
Steve. His pops. Well, ex-pops, actually. But that doesn't really matter.
He winced and Steve steadied his hips. “Go easy.”
As an early gift Natasha gives him illicit night access to the North Wing.
“I don’t think I ever thanked you for sending Barnes and Logan. I can't repay you enough.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says to an empty room.
“I’m done.” It’s been true for awhile. Tony was right, he’d called it back on the Helicarrier years ago, Steve is a relic.
It came to a head in Amsterdam with a sea serpent. Tony had ignored the battle plan from the off and every tactical adjustment since. When he refused the command to move those civilians out of the way and instead flew off in the opposite direction, Steve hit his limit. He didn’t know what Tony was doing and he no longer cared. The Avengers couldn’t afford a wildcard in the fight. He had Vision physically remove Iron Man from the battlefield.
Each one wore Tony down, little by little.
It was dyed red - pink-ish, really - from the shell. Tony hastily tried to wash it off only to realize the entire river ran red. His rational brain insisted it was probably some dissolved mineral but Tony could only think of blood. He desperately tried to scrape the stain off with his fingernails and if his skin came off too then so be it.
Steve can’t answer.
There’s a deafening boom and crash as part of the concrete ceiling caves in and Steve can hear the whir of machinery. His internal threat calculator flips violently.
“Why the hell are you still here, Doc? You have a plane to catch.”
“No, everyone else called him that. I called him
“And the third one?”
Tony winced at the comparison. “I never gave you enough credit.”
“Listen - “
!” Gold dances on the surface of Tony’s skin, an unconscious reaction to stress.
Steve tried for a graceful exit. “There’s juice on the table, granola bars in the grocery bag. Do you need anything else?“
“You’re welcome,” she returns flatly before moving on. “
It stings, to be part of the problem and not the solution. “I'm not going to hurt him."
Steve pretends he’s speaking to an empty room. “Helping people. I just want to help.” It’s so simple and it’s cost him so much.
“You offered whatever I wanted,” Steve reminds him mildly as he tries to clear the remaining bedsheets out of the way.
“They put him in the courtyard facing my window. I hadn’t even met this kid and there he was, dying for me.” Tony's eyes shone with unshed tears. “Is it worse if I watched or if I didn’t?” He looked at Steve like there could possibly be an answer to that question. “I’m not going to let that happen here. I can’t watch it again. I won’t. I can’t, I can’t,
. Steve chose them well but Tony reads the easier message. The flowers are dead, Steve only ever brings him corpses. They won’t grow, nothing does here in the winter. The clipped blossoms will die abandoned on the rock, crystallizing in the cold. It’s warmer than Siberia.
On the worst days once Steve is spent Tony just smirks before spinning on his heel and walking away unsatisfied. He leaves Steve behind to the heavy post-orgasm bliss curdling in his gut. The lack of reciprocity feels like a betrayal of the only redeeming feature of this terrible idea: that it is mutual. The one-sidedness just feels like another resentment he can add to the pile.
Logan, grunting at the kitchen table. “You smell like him.”
She doesn’t let him look away. “Are you still sleeping with him?”
“Congratulations, Team Leader,” he says softly, beaming. He wants to hug her but restrains himself. It wouldn’t be as welcome as it once was. “You know the Avengers were always yours, right?”
“You’re in my seat,” Tony says, finally taking the bait and wandering away from the open safety hazard. He settles onto the roof next to the lawnchair.
Steve hears the door shut and slowly makes his way down the rest of the stairs. Natasha is still staring out at the undisturbed meadow, her pale fingers resting lightly on the railing. He’s careful to keep a few feet between them.
“Fifteen years ago I revolutionized surface-to-air missiles using better fuel-payload ratios. No one told me to, heaven knows I didn’t need the money.” Tony exhales and the condensation rises like smoke. “But it never occurred to me to keep them to myself.”
Sam frowns. “What the hell, Steve. They’re trying to replace you, while you’re right here, and you’re not even going to fight it? You can’t possibly think this ‘superhero by committee’ crap is fair and I know you didn’t ask, but I turned it down. I’ll ride this Falcon shit out as long as I can but the moment they try to dress me like a flag I’m out.” He shoots Steve a look. “That’s my own personal line in the sand, nothing to do with you. I just prefer a uniform that doesn’t have targets painted on my chest and head.”
“I invited Peter over. You can avoid him if you like. I hope you don’t.”
“It’s your goddamn title, Steve. You’ve had it for eighty years. Captain America. Captain Spangles. Captain, Cappy, Cap - ”
He thinks the actual worst part of this whole sodden affair is how the blooms have robbed him of the simple joy of laughter.
Up ahead was a blemish on the ice and Tony was nearly upon it before he realized what it was. The red stood starkly against the white, two long streaks of blood ending in the clear outline of handprints. Next to them was a long, thin chip of stone that would make for an improvised dagger if you were so inclined. Tony picked up the shiv and felt its heft before he slipped it into his pocket. The inside of his undersuit was sticky. Somewhere along the way his puncture wounds had reopened.
Steve wondered, those days Tony spent in the ICU, if there was something he could have done. He was genetically identical to Tony’s ex-bondmate after all. A bite might have stabilized him. It was an academic exercise: Banner would have killed Steve the moment he tried.
Calling Tony by his full first name is so unusual Steve can’t recall it ever happening before. “And that means I should trust you?”
It was slow going at Steve’s pace but eventually Tony’s words proved prophetic and the marsh underneath them solidified into solid ground once more. The crumbling remnants of a red stone wall marked the edge of the bog and beyond that was the downslope of a large escarpment running all the way from East to West if cardinality could be forgiven. The gradual downward tilt made the walking easier and the funneling escarpment gave at least the illusion of marked progress.
“That wasn’t what I was going to say.”
“You yelled get in the car.”
She wakes on a Wednesday and Steve’s the only one around to greet her. Eventually Rhodes stops by, leaning heavily on his braces and reiterating the importance of physical therapy. He steps up as interim Team Leader but he still leaves for his flat in the city afterwards. Vision doesn’t quite know what to do. He stands in the corner of the hospital room; aware that proximity brings comfort but unsure as to the exact mechanism.
Tony ignores him but makes no move forward, just shucks his shirt to the floor and kicks off his trousers. His fingers hook under the waistband of his underwear and before long those join the rest of his clothes on the linoleum. He leans against the back wall, pupils too large in the darkness, swallowing the irises whole. The eyes of a man who has gazed for too long into the abyss and has begun to carry it around with him.
It’s hard not to feel that it’s the beginning of the end. The final erosion of who they all once thought they could be. The last friendship not to destabilize the Team has finally broken under the strain. They’re all strangers now: Natasha is functionally a ghost, Sam is functionally a prisoner. Clint is smoke, Scott is missing. Thor and Banner are somewhere only gods and monsters can go. Rhodes has been driven away, Wanda has been kept from home. Vision is learning humanity for the first time and Bucky is learning it for the second.
“That’s - ”
“He’d take the risk.”
The keys are still warm in Steve’s palm. “I’d prefer you didn’t die at all.”
At Stage 4 there is nothing left to be done medically and old wives’ tales are all Tony has left. He just has to get his husband to love him like he used to. Even if it seems like Steve already does. Steve comes home and makes an effort. He compliments Tony, he makes love to him, comforts him. When he leaves apologetically for a mission, it’s the job they both signed up for. Tony doesn’t know what’s missing; what he’s misplaced.
Steve makes it all the way back to the kitchen before asking.
“Tough. The world isn’t done with you. Car. Now.”
“I’m not sorry,” were Tony’s first words when Steve returned.
Neither of them had bothered rebuilding the broken bridge between them. Tony was busy smoothing over their edges with sex and Steve was waiting around for someone else to come fix it. They have to stop.
“Good thinking, it’ll be easier to poison all of us that way.”
He packs light. It’s a one-man stealth mission, the Avenger equivalent of a smash-and-grab. He wants the information, nothing more, and he won’t compromise civilian lives to do it but he has to try. He still can’t bear to look at the wrapped shield when he grabs it from under his bed and slings it into a bag. He has to cross the Avengers active area to the Quintet hangar and the one advantageous side-effect of his long stretch of house arrest is that his presence no longer attracts attention. He walks through the hustle and bustle of agents and none of them give him or his duffle bag a second glance. He turns down a deserted hallway lit by a glowing exit sign. Eighty feet to total commitment.
There was a pause and then Tony threw the rum at the wall. It was too small to shatter. “Fuck, fuck, fuck…” He buried his head in his hands.
Howard and Tony are in sync, looking too much alike with their dark hair and white smiles as they chuckle at the chaos. Fury and Maria are dressed down in civilian clothes and oblivious to the mistletoe above them. Dum Dum, Gabe and Sam are chatting about baseball in the corner. Near the buffet Wanda and Pietro are extolling to Vision the virtues of cake. Bruce has his head buried in the fridge as he carries on a conversation with Erskine and Selvig. Helen Cho is being charmed by Thor and Rhodes interrupts his conversation with Jane Foster to stride across the room on unbroken legs to grab them both a drink. Darcy Lewis is attempting to induct T’challa into the spirit of Christmas through the use of felt reindeer antlers. Bucky’s there too; with shorter hair, an enlisted man’s uniform and a grin.
“Note to self: don’t do that again,” Stark says with forced normality.
Steve didn’t know how to fix this.
, not
“Steve?”
She gives him a cool look. “You. Stark. The rest of the world isn’t keen on another American in charge of the Avengers and Rhodes is a soldier in a mechanized suit. Too many similarities.”
Can be found here:
Steve’s not straight as an arrow but he’s not... He’s never though about it. It doesn’t matter. He’s not so invested in labels that he’ll take whatever bait is dangled in front of him.
He can’t lose either of them but he’s going to, isn’t he? He isn’t good enough to keep them both. He always ends up choosing and it’s not fair because they both know it’s not really a choice at all. But Bucky will still be incredulously grateful and Tony will hate him anew, and Steve tells himself he can live with it as long as no one dies.
Tony’s eyeing him warily, like there’s still a chance Steve’s about to feed him to Francesca.
hell, maybe. Captivity more likely. A miscalculated last resort most probably and if Tony’s past desperate plans were prescient. He couldn’t remember and he was no longer sure he wanted to if this was the solution he’d come up with.
Then he sleeps like the dead. Twelve hours, thirteen. Another two of just staring at the white ceiling wondering how much longer he can do this. Everyone’s alive, life spins on. All Steve has to do to preserve this truce between himself, Tony, and the world is
“Didn’t want to worry you. You’re injured too.” Steve motioned towards Tony’s puncture wounds. “You’re hurting as much as I am.”
Steve chose. He wasn’t born a genius, his transformation wasn’t an accident. He volunteered. He wanted to be more and now he is, and it seems so unfair that he’s crumbling around the bits of himself that refused to change. The impurities the serum couldn’t burn out of him: nostalgia, stubbornness, problem solving with his fists.
A frisson of pleasure runs through Steve but watching a similar response ripple across Stark’s face might be better. It’s not an altruistic joy. It’s competitive at best - running right up to the edge of vindictive. Captain America would never feel such a thing but Steve isn't him anymore. He's just Steve Rogers now and Steve Rogers wants to claw his way through Stark to Tony and this seems as good a way as any. Every instinct in him screams at him to get them both off as quickly as possible but he keeps his strokes languid and even until the last of tension in Stark’s shoulders bleeds out.
o--o--o--o
Peter's head shot up, knocking against Wade.
Several weapons and guns aware. You can move on Wade."
He put up one hand defensively, whilst the other raised towards an alien that was coming too close. "Fine, have it your way then. If you're so eager to know, I was thinking about how these aliens here looked like giant motherfucking chickens with scales, and that made me laugh. Happy?"
"Dad?!"
"Thwanks MJ." Peter said to her, his mouth stuffed with fries.
The genius rolled his eyes, turning away from the Captain and raising his palms. A smile was lingering on his lips, tugging the corners of his mouth upwards. "Nothing you need to worry about Capsicle." He wasn't able to see Steve's face, but he was sure he could
The security guard nodded, addressing the whole class again. "Going to Mr-" He looked at a list. "- Thompson's nicely formed question. The reason that our passes are different, is because we have a higher clearance level than you do."
Wade chuckled, his grin almost showing through his mask.
Despite the fact that his dads went along for the rest of the tour, they didn't pay Flash any more attention. Instead, they stayed close to Peter, stopping anyone who tried to say something bad to him.
Tony stopped in front of Flash and he looked really pissed off. "Okay. That does it. Out." He pointed at the door.
Mr Warren clapped his hand to get everyone's attention, although it wasn't really needed. "Okay class. The man next to me is Happy Hogan, SI's head of security. He has your passes. He will explain further. Please, Mr Hogan, they're all yours."
His friend saw him and turned around. "Dude, I thought you totally bailed on me."
Shaking his head, he focused on the roses in front of him. He has a bad habit of pricking his fingers in the thorns, and he doesn't want any more wounds on his fingers today, thank you very much.
Yes, the lobby also was rather impressive to see, but once again, nothing Peter hasn't seen already.
"Who's balls did you have to fondle with to get them to act like they like you?"
Because he was so focused on the flowers in front of him, he didn't notice the man walking up behind him. “Excuse me?”
“Of course, that's what I'm here for. What is the occasion, if I might ask?”
But, of course, Flash wouldn't be Flash if he still tried to do something. As soon as Tony and Steve were out of earshot and Wade was away, he came up to Peter.
His three words caused Tony to look up from what he was doing. He shot his adopted son a glare and said "Considering I am the fucking dams-"
The man waved his hand, walking closer. “Don't worry. They're perfect.”
Peter saw Steve tense up. "I- uh- I didn't-" He didn't speak any further, as he saw Steve nudge Tony. His dad immediately walked towards them.
Wade opened the door with a dramatic gesture, tugging Peter with him into the living room. "Hello all of you lovely Avengers!"
Peter sighed, accepting his doom. With a flick of his wrist, he scanned his pass and walked through.  "Peter Rogers-Stark. Clearance level: Gold. Several bio-components in check. No threat aware." The voice continued with a much warmer voice, if that's possible for an AI. "Hello Peter. Should I alert Boss of your arrival?"
"Peter, I don't want you to continue with this internship-lie, okay? I'll let it slip one last time and let you go with us today, but next time I see something like this, I will take it to the principal and your Aunt. Got that?"
Flash took this opportunity to get Peter once again.
The room fell silent. It stayed like that for a couple of seconds, before it was interrupted by Tony's high pitched scream.
...” He let the sentence drift off as well, and it made Steve smile.
Peter heard two pairs of footsteps approach, in the silence that had fallen over the cafeteria.
Flash looked offended by Peter's words, but decided better than to react to it.
Peter didn't hear or process much from the tour. His nerves were a mess and it didn't help that Flash was now nagging him for answers. Luckily, Wade was there, keeping Flash at bay. But Peter still felt he was going to burst. Even though the tour was going well, Tony still hadn't made an appearance.
Everyone struggled to get first in the line. Eventually, Flash was the first one to scan his pass and he walked through the scanner. As soon as he did so, a voice spoke up throughout the lobby. "Eugene 'Flash' Thompson. Clearance level: White. No threatening items." Flash looked up with shock and wonder, before grinning widely at the rest of the class.
o--o--o--o
He had to hold in a snort, but he couldn't quite stop the smile from appearing on his face. “Quite easily,” he said, getting amused by the grumbling look on the other man's face. “I got a couple of ideas. If I may?” He gestured to the flowers around them with his left hand, smiling widely.
The soldier always did this. Every time, after the fight, he would find another simple excuse to yell at Tony. As a result, Tony always busied himself with a much needed drink until the soldier was done. Which then eventually resulted in Steve kissing a drunk Tony, and later him fucking the man's brains out.
Flash was the first to answer him, momentarily forgetting about Wade, who was still holding Peter in his arms. "Why is your pass a different color than ours, puny?"
Someone else spoke up. "Then what are those levels?"
Wade let out a laugh, before Happy started guiding them towards the scanners.
They had almost reached the living room. Peter could hear Tony and Steve arguing with each other. He was painfully aware of his hand in Wade's and the conflict that was about to unfold just because his boyfriend was here.
"No. Pops, just no." Peter spoke up with a little smile on his face. "No PSA's please. It's okay. Let's just continue the tour and talk about this later."
Tony shook his head, keeping his eyes on Stephen. "I just did. And I meant it. Fight me."
Peter sighed. "Dad and pops are so gonna kill you." He mumbled. Then, louder "How about this Wade. You get to bring me to the bus, but you'll not come into the bus. Instead, you'll go back to the compound immediately and wait there, okay?"
He heard Flash snort behind him. "As if puny has his own lab." (A/N; I have morals, okay.)
Steve started walking around, grabbing a tray from the counter with his left hand, then held it against his hip with the stump of his right arm. He could feel the man's gaze on it, but he ignored it as he started picking the flowers. “If I were to use these flowers to say ‘fuck you’ to someone, I would start with Peonies. They resemble anger the best, in a passive-aggressive way. Then I would pick candytuft for indifference and orange lilies for hatred.” He looked around the shop for a moment, looking for another flower that would fit the set. “Then, in the middle I would put some black roses, to say that the other person isn't important any more.” Steve carefully picked up the roses, put them in his tray and walked to the counter where he started arranging them. He looked up for a moment and asked “I hope that these aren't too aggressive for you.”
His boyfriend saw his discomfort. The menace got up and picked Peter up with him, then setting him down on the ground. When they were both standing, Wade hugged Peter close. He look at the kids, a little bit threatening. "Yeah, and so what?"
"Pumpkin muffin! I missed you so so much!"
Tony watched him go, then turned to his family, ignoring the rest of the kids. A big smile was on his face, as well as on Peter's. "So, how about some pizza and a movie night?"
They stared at each other, Stephen trying his hardest best not to laugh and Tony glaring at him in return. Peter stood up, a smile on his face. He didn't need any more medical attention and walked away, leaving his dads to solve their little quarry.
Steve nodded. He felt the man's eyes on him as he arranged the flowers with his left hand. “You know,” he started, tucking in some candytuft at the edge “you can talk about it if you want.” He didn't specify talking about why the man needed a bouquet of ‘fuck you’ flowers or the fact that his right hand was missing. He decided to leave that up to the other.
Peter smiled and made eye contact with Tony and Steve. "Thanks dads. For everything."
"Hey! Puny. Puny Parker!"
Wade was desperate to kill him, only to be held back by Peter.
Once the bus was parked and they all got out, the teacher guided them inside, into the main lobby. Once again, everbody started ooh-ing and aah-ing.
It was silent for a moment except for the sound of crinkling leaves. The bouquet was almost done, and Steve had too admit it looked quite beautiful for containing the message ‘fuck you’. He was proud of it.
Which probably meant them ending up in bed but he didn't wanna think about that.
Stephen feigned ignorance. He smiled, the corners of his mouth quirking up even higher. "Hmm? What?"
All eyes turned to Peter, who stupidly mumbled to Wade "I mean, I told you guys ages ago. You just didn't want to believe me."
It didn't take the bus long to arrive at Stark Industries. As soon as the building came into view, he heard his classmates exclaim several ooh's and aah's.
Steve's belly filled with warmth. His smile widened as he looked back outside where the car had gone too, feeling his heart flutter.
The class was completely silent, every student eager to hear what the surprise was.
Peter nodded, his cheeks still flaming.
Once that thought fully registered in his head, combined with a way more funny mental image, a bark of laughter escaped his lips.
“Still,” Steve said, insisting. “Sorry that it happened. Even if I didn't have anything to do with it.”
Happy nodded to them. "Good question. For example," He grabbed his own pass, that hung around his neck. "I have a golden pass. This means that I have an all-clearance level, should Boss need me. You all have a white pass, which is level one. These passes are for tour groups and visitors. Second level is blue, which is for tour guides and secretaries.  Then we have the third one, yellow. These are for low-level interns, whereas the red pass is for high-level interns. The reason the kid here -" He gestured to Peter. "- has gold is because he needs to have access everywhere in case Boss needs him to get anything for him.
that we get the ring somewhere safe, and to do that, I need to get it out of the suit. It will only unlock with my fingerprint, so…”
, looking at the other and scoffing lightly: “Ah-ha, very
– there was never any talk of having a family – damn, they hardly even spoke about becoming
we are going to need some extra… assurance, so to speak.”
“What are
“Oh, I just did.
“More than enough. Five minutes and counting.”
it, funny choice considering he’s been responsible for the last…
“He’s been shot, sir. On his way to the federal courthouse.”
“Tell me why not, then.”
say them. “Where am I?,” he then hurriedly adds, shifting his eyes across the three of them. The woman – whom Tony assumes is the actual doctor among them – gives the briefest glance to the man with the eyepatch. The commander in chief, he guesses.
to the campaign had bought
sorry, of course he is, even if this is not his fault, not really, but the point is, he should have said it earlier, when there was still time to contain the situation. Now, it would sound like something you say just because, and that’s not really how he operates.
“Tony...” it’s almost a plea, his name pronounced as if it was self explanatory on its own, and maybe it is.
He sighs deeply, closing the bathroom door behind himself, and studies his surrounding to spot Steve, eventually finding him sitting on the stairs right in front of the door.
way. He tries and move his body, but no response arises. So he tries to speak, but no word comes out of his mouth.
understood him, and his need to do what he does.
He shakes his head, takes a breath, trying to focus his attention on something else, namely his hair; he could go to the restroom, but doesn’t want to risk Steve arriving and not finding him there, so he grabs the phone out of his pocket and, just as if he was a teenager, he opens the camera, flips it to portrait mode and looks at his face. It seems that even his hair, usually always in place, always perfectly smoothed, has decided to go against him today, because the more he looks at it, the more it looks messy and greasy even if it’s neither. He’s just started fiddling with it when the noise of rotor blades becomes the only thing he can hear; he lifts up his head just in time to see a helicopter (his own) slowly descending on to the roof. He tries to swallow some tension down but his throat is dry and doesn’t want to collaborate, so he smooths inexistent creases on his shirt with his hands as taking the few steps that separate him from the chopper. A few moments after, he sees Steve’s head peek out, looking around for him before stepping down, his expression between someone who is ready to kill him and – maybe – secret enjoyment – Tony can’t quite decipher it, not right now anyway.
Although neither of them never says the words out loud, they both know two things for certain: a) this is the only day they’re going to get together, possibly for a long while, and b) it’s not over until the morning light comes through the curtains, although it would be more prudent to leave in the dead of the night, when darkness makes it harder for someone to follow you. So, even if they had actually agreed for Tony to go soon after midnight, once the moment arrives they find themselves staring into each other’s eyes, both trying to find the right words to say out loud without sounding so damn
“It’s
, he wonders, although has the good sense of not actually saying it out loud.
this whole situation is, especially now that they should all be happy and glad about the lay of the land: they’re alive, Thanos is dead, Earth is safe, the people who had been snapped out of existence are back. It’s a win-win situation, and they all know how
Unfortunately for them, his prediction turns out to be just right: although the whole month sees an increase of reportages and exclusives from the most important national newspapers about the president’s plans for the country, it seems like they fail to reach their goal, because in the polls conducted by the White House and independent parties alike, people don’t seem too concerned with the situation, the most popular conceptions being that “they could be made up” and “I’ll believe it when I see it”. Not for the first time, Tony is left wondering when exactly the world turned out to be so
“Hey, what happened to my shield?,” he asks, throwing long glances around as if it had been hidden as a game.
“In terms you humans can understand… I’m the keeper of this place, and you were right, Mr. Stark, you indeed are within the Soul Stone. As to how you… ‘get out of here’, as you put it: you can’t.”
out.”
“Hey, it’s me, you
“You!,” she exclaims, pointing a finger towards Tony, “I had security kicking you out four hours ago, how did you manage to sneak back in here?”
Yet one that is wonderfully real.
, or if it’s still something foreign that he needs to yet get accustomed to. He personally doesn’t care about that – don’t they say home is where your heart is? – but he knows that it’s important to Steve and that is the reason why a little piece of his heart gives way every single time someone decides it’s a good idea to blow the Avengers base up. It feels like the cycle is always destined to repeat itself, and that is irritating.
He hasn’t pronounced these words out loud, but Steve twitches involuntarily in his sleep as if he has just heard them all the same, and Tony gets so freaked out that he jumps on his feet, his eyes wide with stupor and uneasiness. The team always used to tease them, saying that they were so in love they could communicate with just a glance, and maybe that was somewhat correct at one point but this? This is another set of cards entirely, because Steve is asleep, has no way of knowing Tony is there, except… except maybe he does, on some mysterious, unconscious level that he doesn’t quite understand. He should go, and yet all he does is getting closer once more, this time actually lying next to him, not daring an actual touch – he’s sure that would wake him up – but breathing in his essence, salty and a bit sour with a hint of blood, which causes a single tear to escape his control, too late to stop it as it lands on the mattress, an imperceptible sign of his brief presence in the room.
“Buck…” he starts to say, but two different hands close around each of his biceps, almost carrying him inside the club.
, he can’t help but feeling,
And just like that everything comes together in his mind. Not only why the fact that she was dating someone else had not caused anything except weirdness in him, but also why she had been so cool with him taking off in the first place – quite strange if you think about it for someone who is supposedly about to get married. She’s right, sometimes he can be really slow.
They end up taking a walk home – the cold November air has kept most people inside the warmth of their homes, which works out great if you’re a known person as it allows for a degree of anonymity which is rarely achieved – and although they exchange words every now and then, they remain silent for the most part, enjoying each other’s company. It’s only once they get to the outside of the Tower, and they’re about to get in, that Tony comes to a sudden halt and turns to face Steve.
, if you’ll pass my Latin. I keep a low profile, stay out of the limelight. For the time being it’ll have to do.”
He stays silent for a couple of seconds, caressing softly the lines on Steve’s face and returning the gaze, then eventually spits it out, figuring it’s only fair to share his line of reasoning.
Steve’s voice interrupts the flow of his thoughts for a moment. His hand is firm and steady on Tony’s shoulder, and although if he really wanted to Tony could get free, it’s enough to keep him in place.
Trust me, a talking raccoon assured me of this.”
, but even if he tries his best to act normally she can tell something is wrong, so after a couple of days she starts trying to get it out of him. And he wishes he could tell her what is it – he really does – but he feels sharing with your fiancée the belief that you
me, Steve. You think you do but you don’t. And you don’t know what is like to… to lose
Tony needs his body to work properly again, so he slaps his cheek to get his sight to focus, but he has no strength left, his hand feels weak like a caress against his face and before he realizes what’s happening to him his eyes roll back in their sockets and he loses consciousness, his head falling lifelessly against his chest, unable to witness Steve hurrying desperately towards him.
“So, you’re back…”
Steve nods and then proceeds to try, failing each of the first ten times. The eleventh is the charm though, and he smiles victoriously as he succeeds: “What now?”
“Can you teach me how to date?” Steve eventually spits it out, his voice higher than usual, thus betraying the nervousness inside of him.
“… And here I was, thinking you had turned into a farmer.” Tony forces himself to smile after a couple of seconds, because that’s all that he can offer for the time being.
“At least you’re smiling…” he notices, and again, why is he not able to filter his words out?!
Steve can’t believe he has to explain this out loud, especially to
the reasoning of someone whose QI is in the top ten list of people who
need to know: what was the secret mission about?” he asks once they’re sitting comfortably on their respective beach chairs, a big umbrella providing them with much needed relief and shadow from the boiling sun.
, and Tony loves him for that. Yes,
“Do you?”
to say something, maybe
– even just the thought of that word in his brain sounds fake to him – but he’s aware that she would be able to tell something is off with him straight away, and ask for an explanation that still escapes him in this very moment. He takes a deep sigh and lies down, hoping that sleep will come soon to pull him away from his own messy thoughts; he turns and twists and changes position so many times, but it doesn’t help, the adrenaline from the battle is still running too high in his system. His eyes are still shut when he hears the door opening and someone coming in; he knows it’s Steve, his pace is impossible to confuse with anyone else’s, at least for him: it’s steady and grounded but without being too heavy – he’s never figured out how the hell that combination could happen.
to the functioning not only of his suit, but of the whole base too. And it’s only now that he’s mentioned it to himself that Tony realizes something
“Who else is with him?”
“I’m fine.” he replies flatly, more than he would have liked, slipping his hand into the pocket of his trousers and taking a USB pen out before heading back near the table and sliding it towards Nick. “This is what I’ve been coping since January, although it’s mainly copies and handwritten pages because they have an incredible security system that keeps detecting my glasses every time I walk into the Pentagon. I’m gonna figure it out sooner or later, possibly after the Avengers prototype gets out of the way, but for now, that’ll have to do. I know it’s not much, but it’s a beginning, and once I get FRIDAY in it’ll all be quicker.”
, full stop. That thought makes Tony shiver with anguish.
“… Okay, you got me there.” he admits, and before the other can ask him the question again, he changes the subject: “It’s so quiet here, I
“It doesn’t make any sense!” he exclaims then, his tone so hard and edgy that it could cut a paper in two.
; a loud clap of hands arises from the crowd now, getting Tony back to the present and his surroundings, and he forces a smile out as he follows the others off the stage, wishing that this day could be over already.
. He nods to signal that he understands, staying there in silence, because he could talk and talk for all the few minutes they have left, but what would be the point anyway? He can say what he wants to say with his eyes, and that’s exactly what he does now, taking one of Steve’s hands and leaning it on his cheek, locking his glance with his and smiling softly, feeling his heartbeat slow down and his chest relax. Steve nods, rubbing his thumb on Tony’s cheek before leaning in for another kiss, this one lasts longer and is more intimate, as if they both want to store the memory of it deep down in their brains, so they could revisit it in the days to come.
than me.”
“How did you know it was me?” Steve replies, although it’s merely an excuse to postpone the real question he’s come down here to ask him.
and he kept receiving blow after blow, so when Steve finally appeared, he only managed to lock eyes with him for a couple of seconds before he lost his senses.
”Is this how it’s always going to be?” he asks, voice bearing all the drowsiness of the sleep he has just woken up from. He doesn’t even need to open his eyes to feel Steve’s glance on his naked body, which prompts a sly smile on his lips.
But this time Steve doesn’t look away as he usually does – why, Tony has no clue, although he guesses that maybe he’s not that comfortable with eye contact. Instead, he keeps staring into his azure eyes, as if a spell had just been thrown on him, immobilizing his body. Or maybe it’s on
– is nonetheless far beyond what he (or even Fury, for that matter) had ever imagined. The words ‘Merchant of Death’ resume echoing immediately inside his brain, and he hates it so much for that, because it’s a reminder that no matter how hard he tries to shake that title off his shoulders, it’s like a permanent stain on his conscience, impossible to get rid of.
“You probably don’t remember this, but this is actually the second time we’re dancing to this song.”
“Yessir.”
“With your beliefs
“Will you give us another chance, please? Since, you know, we’re bound with magic now and all…”
“He didn’t have to though. Not with me anyway. Steve… we almost got his best friend killed and the guy still showed up less than a day later wanting to help you. That told me all I needed to know about him.”
count for something, right? He would never do that to Bru—”
these are the coordinates?”
Tony sighs, and waves a hand as to acknowledge that he understands those words, even if he doesn’t agree with them in the least. The rest of the meeting drags on around dull political details that he repeats almost mechanically in a monotone voice, pretty soon forgetting he’s not in a cabinet session as this resembles one so damn much. Once it’s over, Tony finally makes his way to his suite, but instead of taking a shower (or even just a nap, god knows how in dire need of both he is), he dials T’Challa personal number instead, figuring he’s the only person he can truly rely upon to send a message to Steve – because although he doesn’t have any solid proof, he’s grown convinced that Fury would purposely avoid passing anything over to him in case it would ‘distract’ him from their goal.
. Even when they fight, they always have each other’s back, no matter what. They always go back to one another.
Nothing is up, but he can’t just say the truth.
As it turns out, when you’re travelling in the galaxy time tends to become a very relative concept, as space goes on and on, the human alternation between day and night forgotten, the stars infinite and bright. He manages to keep track of it for the first two weeks, but by the third he can’t be sure whether all of his days are accounted for; by the fourth, he simply stops even trying to count them. He doesn’t see the point in doing it anyway. Part of the reason why he had set his mind on this intergalactic solitary adventure was to defeat his own fear of the unknown, the very thing that had started him off in his quest towards Earth’s protection in the first place – sure, you could blame Loki for it, but really, he now realizes it was actually just a matter of time before an alien invasion took place, they all should have seen it coming from miles away. For six long years space had been his nightmare, keeping him up at night and giving him panic attacks, and instead of doing the most logical thing (trying to understand it) he had almost gone insane in his attempt to keep it at a distance. But now that he’s
– but now he’s safe, and Steve is in his
“What? No, no, I mean, not
And then a bigger, stronger hand leans upon his, forcing them to stop abruptly before moving them away from the belt, that stays fasten. He swallows, realizing at once what is happening even if he’d much rather ignore it, and gives out a sigh of frustration, closing his eyes and letting his forehead on Steve’s shoulder.
He thinks as long as explanations go, this one is not bad. It’s certainly enough. There’s no need to further elaborate on the details, right? Unfortunately for him, Steve doesn’t see it that way, because he shakes his head and, fearing his hold won’t be sufficient, he steps in front of the other.
“We’ve got some basic tools in the sub, I’ll go get them,” Hank replies, wearing the helmet again and disappearing from sight.
him, you’re in a relationship
“Tony… Hey, wake up…” he whispers before hugging him from behind, placing a small kiss on his neck.
“Point taken…” he surrenders, smirking and staring down at his glass, moving it slowly around just as if it was whiskey and not iced tea, keeping silent for almost a minute before working up the courage to ask, quite abruptly to be honest, the very question he knows deep down to be the very reason of his visit, why this has been his first stop: “So, uh… Do you wanna… go on a date maybe?”
to. He stays silent, to avoid irreparable damage, and so does Steve, never one to initiate a conversation when it’s not absolutely necessary – or when he’s not exactly sure that opening his mouth is the best solution.
“As you wish,
“How long have you known?”
“Well, I can barely remember all the stuff you told me last time, I don’t want to embarrass you or make a fool of myself…”
, right under their obnoxious noses, just because they let fear dictate their actions.
, they’re all good and fine nowadays, which is great, of course, but in my days… well, you know. You just caught me off guard, that’s all.”
me to personally hunt Steve down and I refused. Hasn’t trusted me ever since.”
again.
What happens next is so convulsed that Tony completely forgets to breathe, acting all on instinct whilst hoping for the best. Taking advantage of the moment of uncertainty, he launches himself towards Mr. Field in order to secure his gun, figuring neutralizing half of the duo is without a doubt a good start. Unfortunately for him, Tom catches his movement right as he does it, and without thinking about it twice he takes aim and shoots his own gun. In the cacophony of screams and panic that follows, Tony feels a sudden heat followed by a burning sensation coming straight from his right hip, so piercing in fact that for a good two seconds he believes he’s been set on fire somehow. But before he can even lower his eyes to spot what’s actually happened, his legs give way and he finds himself falling very ungraciously on the floor, hitting the white surface so hard that he yells out in double pain. As everything starts spinning around him, he hears that voice – Steve’s – calling his name again, but before he can get his sight to focus on him, more screams quickly follow, because this time Steve doesn’t hold back. Tony sees him charging against Tom, and something about the way he does it is mildly terrifying, because it looks like he has no real control over his body.
how to propose, but—“
This time it’s Fury who gets cut off. By Steve, surprisingly enough.
“What can I say, I got bored one day and this ad popped up on my laptop, so I placed a couple of bids and kinda forgot about it until I received a notification on my phone saying that I’d won one of the auctions. It’s called… Baccus Island, but we can change the name if you don’t like it.”
we do it, Tony, this is not gonna last forever… I know my country, people are bound to wake up, realize what’s been happening to our democracy and get these people out of the White House and Congress. I know it for a fact. And when that happens… I would love to be able to call you my husband. So, what you say?”
“Stop using my name! You lost that privilege when you decided to
“Sam to Steve, wake up dude. We’re here.”
“Damn,“ he tries to say, but his voice is just an incomprehensible mumble. What is happening?, he asks himself, and as if by magic, a voice actually replies to his question.
“Stark, look, I’m sorry about how this situation has been going on. Believe it or not, I am trying my best to make sure we do this the right way and nobody’s safety is put in jeopardy. I understand you’ve had a tough time, but I think things are gonna get better as our side has something to work with. Good luck, and I’ll be in touch.” He shakes Tony’s hand again, then turns to Steve: “I’ll see you later.” he nods, and without waiting for a reply from either of them he walks out.
Steve blinks, definitely not expecting to hear these words right now, and turns to look at him, his face concerned and serious as his voice is when he replies: “Is there something wrong you’re not telling me, Tony? Are we… going to war?”
But now it’s the blonde’s turn to be speechless. Staring into the other’s eyes trying to find an answer to his silent question, Steve falls short to get his mind to focus on the voice in his ear. Luckily for him, Tony steps in.
is off. This is
Steve stays silent for a while, probably because he doesn’t quite have an appropriate response to that revelation, then eventually whispers again into his ear: “You’re my hero, you know that?”
because he knows that’s what Steve needs right now. But he can’t, no matter how much his brain is screaming at him, it’s his heart the one in control at the moment. All he manages is sobbing out loud, turning away as hearing his own grotesque wails, muttering a “For fuck’s sake” under his breath, embarrassed and guilty and ashamed. He stands up and rubs his eyes, swallowing hard, trying to stop. He hates himself.
“What the—“ Tony and the private say almost in one single breath, but unfortunately Steve can guess what – or better,
“And here I was, thinking I’d be the recipient of that very sentence tonight...” Tony can’t help himself from saying, sighing softly and looking down, a fake, overdone, distraught expression on his face.
“It’s time for lunch, sir,” he replies in a tone of voice that makes it sound like any extra explanation would be superfluous.
brought me a bit up to speed yesterday, and then I read up stuff online. I don’t like this situation, Nick. Not one bit.”
happen?”
What’s left of the dinner goes by without any further incidents – Tony manages to keep his hands mostly in check, with the notable exception of when he slides an arm on top of Steve’s chair, and his partner ends up leaning back and
, a past he cannot change.
“You know, I’m not really hungry…  You go ahead, I’ll try to figure out the next step.”
He walks with quick steps, one hand buried deep inside the pocket of his jacket clenched in a fist, the other holding the flowers he picked up on his way here, just as he does every single morning. As always when he’s just a few feet away, he takes a deep breath, closes his eyes for ten seconds, and then walks the last five steps that separate him from the red and yellow statue. He brushes the snow off the picture before kissing it, lips almost freezing instantly at the contact with the glacial glass that contains it; he blinks to get rid of the burning feeling and it’s only now that he realizes his eyes are already wet.
“In the mood for
After a few seconds of silence, as if to answer an unspoken question, Tony continues.
“I’m not at l–“
“Oh, for gods sake, Nick, I thought we agreed last time that we don’t mess with that…”
The new Stark offices are located in lower Manhattan, in a tower surrounded by other towers, which, if in part gives them an aura of importance and majesty that they didn’t really have before, in return it feels all too claustrophobic for Tony, used to big open spaces and to be able to see the sky at all times. As he walks inside the building, wearing his rugged t-shirt and joggers, being eye-sided by the security and the employees, he can’t help but giggling to himself, thinking that they would never imagine he’s, in fact, their boss: he wouldn’t believe it himself. And that’s why, eventually, an armed guard does stop him, once he gets to the top floor and is about to reach Pepper’s office.
that’s a safer solution. So in the morning he calls Sam to ask if it’s still okay to crash at his for a while, and all he gets in response is the loudest scream from Bucky in the background and a promise to “celebrate” – for the life of him he can’t understand what, however has the presence of spirit of not saying it out loud. He doesn’t have much to gather – he basically lost
It’s cold out here, and Tony doesn’t like it one bit. He reminds him too much of the South Pole and his last… adventure, the one that changed everything.
He looks at the other, trying to see if his words make sense to him, but Steve has stopped paying attention when Tony went for the kiss, not really hearing whatever he’s said afterwards. It was unexpected, he honestly didn’t think his friend would even
“Damn…” he sucks in a deep breath, biting the other’s lip before leaning his forehead against his.
like a team. And although there’s no official vote or anything of the sort, Steve finds himself put in the position of leader – just as if his title,
inside
of January. Something inside of him suddenly clicks in, his heart skips a beat and he holds his breath as realizing that it’s indeed today, the day that just begun a mere two hours ago.
. “Why are you so damn slow at eating, Rogers?!” he sighs, but as the other is still trying to regain some form of composure he can’t help but smiling at the situation. “This wouldn’t have happened if we had stayed in the restaurant…”
“Not exactly, no. I’m more of a…
Which is a masterpiece of understatement. Their camp is gone, there are flames and debris everywhere. Grabbing the hand offered, Steve manages to get back on his feet and starts calling the others on the comms, but his voice reaches Tony’s ears a bit muffled. Through his helmet, he’s scanning the surroundings to find the source of the attack. It doesn’t take long – being in the middle of the cold tundra helps, the heat signatures are impossible to miss – and once his visor shows the targets are locked, he wastes no time loading up his firepower. All of a sudden, a blind rage seems to have gained control of him. Where was it until now, he doesn’t really know, but once that it’s out there, it seems unstoppable. His only goal is revenge.
to know, and decides in that moment he’s going to offer to be Tony’s guide to the new century, although he will probably be turned down – the guy will have no problems picking up someone
“Guys? What’s going on?” he asks in the comms, already jumping up on his feet, but no reply comes.
Steve thinks for a split second, before realizing how stupid that sounds. He starts walking, making sure to go as slowly as he can, and although Tony still stumbles a couple of times, pretty soon they’re able to find some sort of pace and balance between their steps.
There’s a general sound of approval, then all of them, almost in an Indian line, board the jet. Tony is the last one to get on, and walks all the way up to the cabin to get a good look at it, all the buttons and lights giving him a peculiar sense of excitement. He spreads his arms across both front seats – one occupied by Hank, the other by Janet – and he probably would have stayed there for quite some time if Hank hadn’t quoted several “security regulations” that keep him from doing just that.
– he really couldn’t believe how much he managed to fit inside the Iron Man this time – he didn’t stop at that, adding a few
“The next step is to take the tree from the vase, making sure not to damage its roots, and then plant it in its new home. But, sir, are you sure…”
Tony is confused, and wouldn’t mind an actual explanation, but that’s a door he doesn’t feel like opening right now.
“He’s safe,” she repeats blandly. She wouldn’t lie, not about this. “Laying low isn’t new to him. The American government doesn’t have the time or inclination for a full-scale manhunt. He’s fine.”
“Nothing. One-hundred-percent alcohol free and black as your soul, Widow. I withdraw my offer, you can get your own coffee.”
“How long will he be like this?” Steve asks, unable to tear his eyes away from Bucky’s fitful sleep.
Stark fidgets. “We’ll need you and your shield.”
Some acknowledgement that Rhodes leaving hurts but that this isn’t what he needs. Not for the first time Steve thinks he’d trade sex with Tony for the ability to just… talk.
“It’s instant.” Steve slides down the wall to sit opposite him. “You broke the coffee pot.”
“Long time no see.” Tony looked as put together as he did when Steve had first emerged from the ice. Handsome and charming, without a care in the world. The perfection was an illusion. It hurt to look at.
Steve’s grip tightened unconsciously and Tony felt the bones of his wrist grind together. He adjusted his answer. “I can’t lose you either, Steve. I won’t.” He swallowed. “Guess you’re stuck with me.”
“I’ll take a rain check: you don’t have time either. Little Ross is in town so to punish him Vision’s making Korean BBQ. Everyone’s been summoned to suffer through it to make the charade seem plausible. We need your iron constitution to take one for the team.”
Steve's the one who’s stuck. He spends the anniversary of the Starks’ deaths alone in his room, staring at the sullied shield Howard once handed him with all the hope in the world.
Steve was silent beside him, face grim and sad. “God, I hope so.”
“Don’t tell the cook I threw most of it up.”
“I had to know for sure.” Steve held out his hand to the shimmering portal. He took three steps through the veil and instead of the lurching nausea of being spit back out into the lab there was a cool breeze and the tingle of electricity against his skin.
Then he’s gone and Steve's not sure whether he won or lost.
Tony’s right; Steve does hate it, but he holds tight to Tony’s wrist as the metal flows out and coats their joined hands in a layer of gold before receding to Stark’s alone. The gold feels alien, slick and suffocating, but that’s not the revelation: it’s that Tony’s skin doesn’t feel different at all. It’s still warm and tan. Still surprisingly ticklish. Steve has spent the last year cataloguing Stark in excruciating detail and this upgraded version matches him identically.
“Get out of my sight,” Steve growled when he had regained control over his voice.
, Steve would later decide, was the moment he should have known something was wrong.
Steve remembers a time when incoming American planes carrying help to Europe were greeted with cheers. Instead Natasha pleads the Avengers’ case to a closed session of the EU who tell her, in considerably nicer words,
Tony tries to laugh but can’t get enough air. “Believe me, I’m trying.”
Steve doesn’t want to go back to drawing and see what new past awfulness flows out of his pen. He doesn't want to dwell in his memories and he can't let Tony do the same faster and more immersive and worse.
If this is the future then Steve doesn’t want it.
“I’m giving him space.” Steve slumps into the chair, he doesn't have the energy to lie. "I didn't trust him and now I know something he doesn’t want me to.”
He manages to go a whole five days before he breaks his promise to Bucky. He doesn't confront Stark in his office, he corners him in the garage as Tony steps out of an obnoxious orange Audi back from some business in the city.
“You don’t fuck me when I’m drunk,” Tony replies brutally as he tries to brush past Steve into the room.
They lapse back into silence but Steve fidgets, questions he has no right to ask clambering for exposure.
“He is,” Rhodes checks his watch, “but he’s also about to tell her he injected himself with an untested experimental virus and that’s just the tip of the iceberg of what needs to come out tonight.” He eyes Steve in a way which leaves no doubt that Steve is going to be one of those revelations. “You might want to steer clear.”
Steve got back. Pain or not, that wound looked like the type that wouldn’t surrender to a few stitches and a prayer. They were running out of time.
In true Stark fashion Tony pays him no heed, just moves his mouth closer and faster and deeper.
“Barnes is getting better,” Tony says slowly.
it is said,
Steve says none of this. He bundles all his regrets tight and stores them somewhere the world can’t see them. “Okay.”
Steve grabbed an alcohol swab from the tools he’d preemptively arranged on his desk. He meticulously cleaned and sutured the wound. It took a long time. In the Ether Tony had done it for him, and Steve lacked the muscle memory and dexterity of eons of practice. When he was finished he admired himself in the mirror, his fingers skipping over the raised stitches. The general pain had dulled to a background roar.
“What’s going on here?”
“Hey man, I get it, a million years in that place with only Stark for company. I get why you’d need space. Eventually he would have driven me nuts too.”
It's mostly 616 with some IronDad ported in.
with you while innocent lives are in danger. I can make it an official Avengers sanction or you can take a vacation. Choose.”
There’s a moment of stillness and then the suit’s repulsors lower. “I’d be fine - “
“Himself? Strange? You?”
Tony stood at the edge of the burning sand. “I reserve the right to change my mind.”
(Tony wasn’t his. Tony never wanted to be anyone’s.)
Then Tony’s on his way out and it’s too late for so many things. He turns for one last parting shot and Steve is mesmerized. The gold undersuit is leaking out of his palms, streaking colour across his neck and face, the metallic hue made more vibrant by the late morning sun. “…upgrade was supposed to fix this,” Tony mutters as he flexes his fist, trying to get the tremors and the reactionary gold under control.
Tony snarled without making a sound and shoved Steve away from the bar. His usually nimble fingers struggled for a moment before the bottle opened and the scent of cheap vodka flooded the air. Tony eyed him deliberately before swallowing a mouthful without tasting.
“Here comes the internalized homophobia, right on cue,” Tony mutters under his breath.
Bucky arrived on the third day looking like a zombie. He handed Steve a coffee and slumped into the adjacent chair. “I’m sorry.”
Then, too soon, it’s finished and ugly.
“You still don’t get it,” Bucky shook his head, incredulous. “It’s not
Bucky would never hold Steve snapping against him but it still hurts to reopen his eyes and nod. He expects to be let up. Bucky doesn’t let him.
Tony had one hand clamped over his mark to protect it. “I can’t let you - “
Steve feels his face grow hot. “If you’d told me it was that bad - ”
Still, “Why are you avoiding Bucky?”
Steve snarled and pushed Tony over the edge of the crevasse. Every bit of musculature stood out as Tony strained to keep himself from falling to a death he didn’t remember wouldn’t take. He was dangling from his fingertips, knuckles white with pressure. He had the most beautiful, terrified eyes Steve had ever seen.
Tony sneered but desperation bubbled underneath. “Maybe I can’t be trusted with myself, ever think of that? Maybe you need to just decide for me. C’mon, Cap, all those times I
Steve was the only person to have ever survived a wound from the Cursed blade. There wasn’t even a scar, just blank skin, when he decided to re-carve it. The knife was sharp as he drew it lightly between his ribs, the welling blood marking its trace. An artist would be a fool not to sketch an outline first. The restless blade tip skimmed over skin like a dragonfly along the surface of a pond, never daring to go deeper. A last ditch preservation instinct.
“Tony?” Steve tried gently as he turned off the cold spray. He could tell the exact moment the scent of encroaching alpha reached Tony because his head snapped back and hit the tile. The spike of terror was immediate and Steve could see him valiantly battle it back down as reality imposed itself.
“I promised him he’d be safe here,” Tony finally says. “That includes from me.”
“Don’t sell yourself short Cap, hate sex with science’s perfect specimen isn’t much of a burden. You needed a release valve and I got to keep you at the Compound. As a bargain it was working until Belgium. You’ve accused me of whoring before - Congratulations, it’s true.”
sang the soft breeze.
Tony always makes his coffee too bitter by half and piping hot. It warms Steve from the inside out.
“Clean-up,” Bucky said without pausing.
A snarl bursts out of Tony and Steve snatches his hand back at the tone even if the curses pass him by. It probably merits another I'm sorry. Steve can only hope that his hands stroking loose and soothing at Stark's sides is interpreted as the apology he can't bring himself to say.
The reality is harsher. Hanahaki is fatal. The blooms hog too much blood flow, too much oxygen. They eat their victims alive from the inside, turning them to mulch. Their Chosen choke on flowers, suffocating from the beauty inside them determined to be let out. They die of burst lungs, not broken hearts.
———————————
It’s a wonder she’s chosen to help him now.
“News?” Steve asks.
,” Steve spat.
Steve’s permitted twice-weekly visits to her house, provided he wears a tracker. No one else knows; the specifics get buried under doctor-patient confidentiality, and the Accords council has reached a state of bored apathy when it comes to Steve's fate. That an agreement is reached is not as much of a surprise as Steve’s team of lawyers. They’re enthusiastic about the fight, eyes lighting up with the same determination he saw in the Avengers before a mission. It’s unnerving to know he had this force at his beck and call.
Steve was shouting too close to his ear. “You’re not going anywhere without - ”
“I refuse to do this without you.”
Tony’s bondmark never faded. Maybe the rules across the veil were different and that’s why the bite was as pink as the day he returned, why he never went into shock. Maybe there was still someone else on the other side, waiting where Tony could go and Steve couldn’t follow.
“Reed’s right, it’s not your call.” Stephen’s voice was resigned. “It’s Tony’s choice. He deserves those.”
“It’s nothing.” Stark just about manages to stand upright.
: All of them. Past and/or graphic depictions of: rape, abuse, torture, executions, character death, religious themes/appropriation, PTSD symptoms, and abortion.
Steve's fists clenched. “I’m not following you into that swamp if your plan is to just wander around and hope to bump into the exit by accident!”
Fitfully and slowly, Tony does and Steve drives them both home in Tony’s car.
“Steve?”
———————————
aren’t authorized to be in the kitchen at 3 am either, Captain Asshole. Secondly, I didn’t get a Code White because FRIDAY’s not ignoring you, I turned her off. And lastly, I own the goddamn building I can show up whenever I damn well please.”
Steve unwinds his fingers slowly from the material and shoves his hands deep into his jean pockets.
. Christ Steve, you kept asking about his mate like he had a sweetie back home. He was an omega stranded in a techless, medieval world that literally thought he was evil incarnate, he didn’t get
“Oh no, you were much worse.”
Bucky hung up but Steve received three texts.
Steve is losing alone.
Time,” Steve echoed. That quantity that this place had in infinite abundance and that Steve had very little of left. Psychologically more than physically maybe.
Tony murmurs, his 5-year sobriety chip resting next to the begonias in the dumpster.
Steve forces himself to turn back and tries for a steady voice. “I told you not to move.”
Steve was supposed to say that revenge was futile. He was supposed to yell about missions run behind his back and Tony keeping secrets. This was how they always fell apart. If Steve played his cards right they could splinter and take the Avengers down with them, split everyone right down the middle again.
In the end Steve does save him.
Steve got angry. It was easy. It was always easy with Tony. They’d been here before; defiance and confrontation and sublimated lust.
The liquor drains into the sink.
. It was melting, trickling down the back of his undersuit. He’d landed in a snow bank. He greedily stuffed a handful into his mouth and relished the refreshing cool water. It felt amazing against his sore, burned feet and down his abused throat.
“But I’m supposed to trust you?” The words hang heavy in the air. “I have half a mind to jump just to prove my point. Final warning, Rogers.”
Suddenly the session room is flooded with holographic light, engulfing them both. The images shimmer, semi-transparent and fragile. It’s a scene from a Christmas long ago: the dining room of the old house in Brooklyn with the slanted floors and thin windows that let the cold creep in. The table before them is set for a festive dinner, the rug at their feet is threadbare and faded.
“It’s not you,” Steve croaked. “It’s me.”
(Just once, Steve tastes whisky on Tony’s lips. He drops Stark on the couch and walks away, deaf to the curses hurled after him.)
“FRIDAY!” Steve tries, alarmed.
The worst thing Steve ever learns about Tony is revealed the day after the Avengers return from a recovery mission in Brazil. The team has finally been released from their debrief and Steve watches Iron Man walk out of the conference room in the direction opposite to that of the MedBay. He retreats to the Avengers living quarters as the suit dissolve piecewise - some bits retracting elegantly while others drop to the floor with heavy clunks.
Eventually the mud gave way to firmer dirt and upon it rested the ruins of some ancient castle dwelling. The formation clearly marked courtyards and rooms but the ravages of time had brought the stone walls so low they no longer provided any protection. Nothing remained save the rock; textiles and wood long since rotted away. The ruins were older than anything that could have been dug up in Greece or Rome. Tony stood in what remained of some princely bed chamber, now flattened dirt and not much else.
They stood there for a long time.
“You could stay.” Tony was staring straight down at the unmade bed.
Steve’s never felt like more of an outsider.
Vision nods like Steve’s made a wise decision and hasn’t just stated the obvious. The android serves him a third helping of lasagna because soothing emotional distress with comfort food is another accidental lesson that’s stuck. Steve eats mechanically and lets the angry voices wash over him in waves.
FRIDAY doesn’t answer. The screens flicker and die, and only then does Steve realize what he’s implied. “I didn’t mean it like that. I know he wouldn’t trade - ”
“You’re being one now.”
Tony’s smile turned rueful. “Context. You remember a string of murders that didn’t stick.” His gaze was a million miles away. “I got to remember what I did to deserve it.”
Tony thinks.
It’s been a long time since Steve’s heard someone refer to FRIDAY as
“I know,” Tony shifts to his feet, ignoring the latter statement, “the system logs sessions automatically and Barnes told me the rest.”
Stark leans back on the black sportscar. “No, you didn't," he says with too much surety. "And my answer's still no.”
Rhodes mutters something indistinct and Tony clearly isn’t having it because he gives a high-pitched laugh and that precedes nothing good. Steve’s blood boils, ready to stride in and -
“I’m sorry,” Bucky says solemnly. “I didn’t…” he trails off like the words have evaporated along with the holograms. “It’s a good memory for me, I didn’t think that it might not be one for you.”
“That explains why everyone always seemed to be shooting at me.”
Logan unsheathed his claws. “You don’t wanna be part of this, Cap.” They both disappeared through the veil.
Steve climbed into Captain America’s uniform like it was the rotting, discarded skin of a man who had been eaten long ago, still warm on the inside. Superheroics were a fantastic cover for violence. No one noticed how angry Steve was because the people he hit were on the other side. He ran in the Avengers in a tight pattern across the Hydra Compound and put himself at the fore, dispensing the low-level goons left and right without a thought. He wondered how many he could get away with killing before he lost the benefit of the doubt. If, like Tony, the team would trust him forever, their memories conveniently excising every deviation from sainthood.
“I wasn’t supposed to tell you. I wasn’t supposed to tell anyone. He asked me for one thing and I couldn’t even do that.”
“Of course it is,” Steve mumbles. He throws a left as hard as he can and relishes the surrender of the bag under his knuckles. He has super soldier strength; one punch would be enough to kill a man. The bag on the other hand simply comes unhooked and falls to the ground.
Steve picks up the two heavy, unsealed envelopes resting on the bench. “These for Tony?”
Tony catches Steve’s wrist and despite the disparity in strength Steve lets him. Tony slowly readjusts them, lets Steve press into his hip again, then spits into his hand and coats Steve’s erection as best he can. Then Steve gets with the program. He rubs himself off on Tony at a punishing pace as Tony pours encouragement into his ears. His voice is the last thing Steve wants to hear. He closes his eyes and tries to pretend that it’s anyone else’s skin. He knows this will ruin them, he knows he started it. Part of him wants to tell Tony to shut up but years of associating sex with silence has him biting his tongue.
“Tony didn’t tell you,” his voice cracks. Maybe this is his punishment for getting it wrong the first time. He has to break the news to another son about the death of his father.
“C’mon,” Tony murmured, “let’s warm you up.”
“Maybe he was following someone else at the meetings. Ross or one of the lawyers.” That’s the type of thing Clint and Natasha would set up: one working from the inside, one from the outside.
Carol’s eyes narrowed. “Have you eaten?”
Steve’s chest seizes. Holograms are just light; there’s no way Steve can smell the smoke from rendered fat burning, or feel the vibrations through the floorboards from the wheeze of the radio below. He doesn’t need to look to know that around the corner will be the kitchen with the single basin sink and immaculate dishes. Upstairs will be Steve’s room with his mother’s just down the hall...
“All Avengers work is off limits unless I sign some version of the Accords and even then the rest of the world might not even take my word for it.”
——————————————
The shadow hesitated at the familiar refrain. “Yes.”
Tony was soaked through in minutes. He sat next to Steve and resisted the urge to nestle closer. Steve might have well been a statue. The kevlar of his uniform conducted no heat and underneath it the hard planes of muscle were locked tight. Tony closed his eyes, taking advantage of his false sleep to steal comfort as he rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. He didn’t sleep per se but he let the rise and fall of the storm’s violent melody lull him into a trance.
. Playable list can be found at
“I just want to understand.”
Sin’s tongue darted out to lick her thin lip and Steve was struck by her utter ridiculousness. He pitied her shallow, zealous evil. She was a Halloween costume; with her cartoonish red skull face and her parroted ideas. Her father could arouse the beast in men but his daughter had no such talent, only paid lapdogs. Steve had seen the face of evil and none of them wore her unfortunate visage.
Instead Steve buried his face in Tony’s hair and inhaled the sharp, whole scent of him.
Tony’s teeth clacked shut and Steve knew he wasn't going to like what was coming. “He didn’t. Barnes infiltrated one of the castle celebrations. He impressed some people it was good to impress and I was his very public reward. No one turned down the Captain’s favour.” Steve’s fists clenched below the table. “I don’t remember much of it, I was pretty out of my mind in heat. He didn’t get caught but right now he won’t be anywhere near me regardless of how many times I tell him
Steve reaches for the file but Natasha pulls it back just out of reach. Her next words are deliberate. “Kovalchyk’s not a threat.”
“You actually going to hit me this time?” Stark asks. “Because you told me sex wasn’t going to be a regular thing.”
“What about the rest of it?” Tony’s expression isn’t unkind, just curious. “They’re paid to notice bruises and I’ve picked up a couple of interesting ones. You must have noticed.” A shiver runs down Steve’s spine and it doesn’t escape Tony. “Yeah. You should see the ones around my forearms.”
“Let’s return to the ship,” he gave a final nod, and they began the walk back.
The best discovery Steve made as Tony’s boyfriend, however, happened almost a month after they’d begun dating.
But, Steve pushed all those thoughts from his mind, he was the captain of the ship and his immediate worry was to the crew and ship now, not what had happened in the past.
Tony’s lips pressed together in a hard line.
“Don’t let me lose you, too,” she whispered, sending a sharp stab of pain to his heart that had nothing to do with the arc reactor.
There was one being in the ‘verse that all the evidence was beginning to point towards, a being so horrific that for people of the Core it was nothing but the stuff of nightmares and horror stories.
The sudden sound of the large wooden doors opening behind him had him turning quickly, sweat damp hands tightening on his weapon of choice, his heart beating so hard against his ribs that he felt as though it was trying to burst through his bones.
“Come, Young Master, I have some of your favourite chocolate cake waiting in the kitchen for you,” Jarvis said gently. “Miss Mac, as you were,” he added to the woman still pretending to be looking out the window.
Looking over at Tony, his dark hair shining in the sunlight and his eyes jumping from one stall to the next with all the excitement of a child on a sugar high, Steve felt the stupid smile spread across his face without his permission.
“Where to, Sir?” Happy asked, turning the engine on.
“No,” she snapped, voice suddenly loud, and Tony could tell there was a frown on her face without even looking.
Darcy was, however, right about it being an incentive.
Feeling fidgety in the uncomfortable air of the kitchen, Tony crammed the last of his pancakes into his mouth and stood up.
“Forgive me, my friend. I am just so pleased to see my beautiful Lady Jane once more,” Thor finally tore himself away from the slightly stunned looking woman in his arms and looked at the rest of room, Tony knowing the moment his eyes landed on Darcy as his smile, if it was possible, became even larger.
“Tony,” Steve sighed in exasperation, a fond smile curving his lips despite the tone.
“I’m fine,” he waved her off, adjusting the icepack on his shoulder.
“Pretty awesome, yeah?” Tony grinned, clearly pleased with himself.
“What do you think?” Steve asked Tony, amused by the way the mechanics' eyes were darting about, trying to take in as many of the sights as possible.
Suddenly feeling guilty, Steve bent down and placed the book carefully back into the hole.
When it was clear that Steve wasn’t going to say anything else, Tony went over to stand at the opposite end of the table to him.
He’d been in his element with his brother by his side.
He looked back at the rest of the crew.
The look she shot him said she was thinking the same thing and wasn’t convinced that his presence and ability to attract all the attention in a room would be enough to cover the other Avengers potential screw-ups.
All errors are my own.
“It looks like it’s mostly just spiders and skeletons… Oh, there’s a zombie back to the right.” Steve muttered, eyes trailing over them.
Mind focusing in on a plan, one that had a slim chance of working, but still a chance, Tony got to work.
Tony blinked at him, looking a little thrown.
Steve followed Darcey’s eyes where she was staring into the crowd near the game stalls, her eyes wide and mouth gaping open.
It's been a while... apologies, guys. Here's thanking you, if you're still following along.
“Man of Iron, why have you filled the moving box with – Lady Jane?” Thor exclaimed in surprise, hands coming up to rest on her shoulders to prevent her from moving away from him.
“I don’t know if I’d say its stress. It’s more, when he get’s stuck and can’t think of an immediate solution, he cleans whatever he can get his hands on.” Pepper mused thoughtfully.
“Happy New Year, Darcy.”
“Fine, okay, I’m up and awake. This had better be the most amazing surprise ever,” he finally opened his eyes, relieved that his room was still mostly dark and the only foreign light source was his still open bedroom door.
“It’s a university I want to go to.”
Dating Steve Rogers, it turned out, was actually pretty easy.
So, I'm still not entirely happy with how this turned out. But, it's come to a point that I've written, and rewritten, and re-rewritten these scenes so many times that I've accepted not everything I write is going to be perfect to me.
“Maybe,” Phil acquiesced as they reached the bridge; now able to hear those of whom Tony supposed Nick Fury had deemed special enough to join the ‘Avengers’ team.
He was beginning to think that he might.
“This is an illusion,” he said. It had to be the only logical explanation for what he was seeing before him.
talk to him,” he said childishly, only slightly mollified to feel Steve take his hand and wrap it around his coffee cup once more.
He had a little sister.
“I’m Tony,” he offered a little wave with his free hand.
“Tony?”
Taking a small step back to put a bit of space between them, Steve watched as Tony seemed to pull himself together and a smile once more slid onto his face.
To find out that the man who had saved your life, someone you’d experienced so much with, had been the victim of the most twisted and inhumane creatures in the ‘verse wouldn’t have been easy for Tony.
“This close to the Core?” Bruce asked, reaching up to finally fix his glasses as he stepped further into the bridge, eyes on the window.
Steve stepped away from the man, heading for the door where he paused once more to glance back at Tony with a growing feeling in his chest. Tony’s quiet breathing was barely audible to him, but the comfort of the sound reassured him enough to leave and head back to join the rest of the crew.
“God, you’re so good to me. It’s like heaven and Nirvana got together and had a baby of pure bliss. I would marry the person who discovered the coffee bean and thought to make a drink out of it in a heartbeat,” Tony rambled away happily, eyes shut as he leaned a hip against the counter to fully enjoy his drink.
Tony poked at the still moving ear, the dogs’ senses clearly having been severed in the angry throw. It wasn’t very well made; his father was right. It was a lacklustre piece of engineering, not something he should have ever allowed to leave the light of his workshop, certainly not something he should have gifted to someone, even a child who was bound to like anything given to her.
The thing about the universe was that it was vast, vast to the point that new things were still being discovered for those who cared, which was surprisingly few given how obsessed with discovery the people of Earth-that-was had been. But, after so many years of space travel and colonisation, the news of another planet settled or a dark corner of the universe finally being explored, just didn’t excite the masses like it used to.
The woman laughed at them, not seeming at all bothered by their lack of belief in the harvest god they were currently at a festival celebrating.
“Sir,” Jarvis the AI suddenly interrupted. “Director Fury is on the line for Agent Barton.”
“What.”
Unable to decipher the looks on their faces, Tony allowed his mouth to do what it did best and babble away, his mind not even registering the words anymore. Something about not making them all move out just because they finally knew what a royal fuck-up he was and didn’t want to deal with that shit any more.
“Obie, please,” Tony felt something fragile and childlike in his chest constrict as he momentarily flashed back to when he was five and he just wanted an adult to pay him some attention, just that tiny bit. It had been Obie who had looked down at him, who had offered a smile and a ruffle of hair as he passed by, Maria and Howard already out the door and too far gone to notice their son standing at the threshold, staring at their retreating backs. Obie had paused for that split second, had looked down at him and smiled. Tony could still feel the phantom pressure of his large hand on his head, how he’d messed up Tony’s hair, how Tony had spent the next week refusing to let Jarvis comb it as he spent hours secretly staring into the mirror, trying in vain to recreate the way his hair had looked after being messed up. How he hadn’t been able to do it, but some little voice in his head had said that it was okay, that it was alright that he couldn’t do it, because Obie would do it again one day.
“Shut up, get undressed and into bed, Tony,” the familiar note of exasperation entered her voice as he shoved the rest of his toast into his mouth and stripped down to his boxers before climbing onto the mattress.
Steve ignored the small amount of embarrassment he felt at having left her standing awkwardly beside them without introducing her, Clint had the ability to distract people into childish insults with little effort.
“You ain’t tryin’ to escape after killin’ someone or somethin’, are you?” Tony asked, equally as blunt.
“Darcy is your sister. You’ve just lost your mother and now only have your father to rely on. She’s going to need you to take care of her. She will be your responsibility to protect.”
Right at the back, slightly hidden by a support pillar, was a large storage container. Blinking, Tony was a little embarrassed to admit that he’d missed the stupid thing when he’d glanced around just moments before.
“I lost Miss Mac an’ I wen’ w’ound a co’new too fast an’ the wug slipped’d. I didn’t mean too!” similar to that of floodgates opening, loud chocking sobs erupted from her small frame, her body shaking with the force of them.
The worst part was, there’s be nothing Steve could do to stop them.
“Leave it be, Tony,” he muttered, taking the mechanics hand in his own so that he couldn’t pull the binding off immediately.
When Steve awoke the next morning the sun was shinning in through the window and his bed was empty. The clanking sound coming from the next room, however, told him where Tony had wondered. Dragging himself from the bed, Steve moved throughout their home to find Tony in front of their crafting table, his bag was discarded on the floor nearby and something was glinting off of the torch light from within the leather folds.
– You’re talking nonsense
“If they wanted to show moral, why don’t they talk about the aid work that’s going on?” Clint argued.
“If you touch the engine we’ll be stranded here forever, if I touch Featherbrain, we get chicken for dinner.”
“No, it’s okay. Let me pay, please,” Steve insisted, blue eyes intent.
“Attention cargo cruiser ship, designation ‘The Avenger’, ID registration number 110-412. On behalf of the Universal Security Council a warrant for your detainment and arrest has been previously issued. Halt in the name of the law and prepare to be boarded immediately.
Without another glance the man swept from the room, mutters of what a disappointment Tony was following him as he headed towards his office and, no doubt, the whiskey decanter.
Tony just smiled helplessly, knowing without a doubt that when they got to the workshop there would indeed be three new motor oil cans, probably with large, obnoxiously coloured bows and streamers hanging off of them, sitting on one of the work tables.
“So, I should expect the curfew breaking, underage drinking and ‘the-world-hates-me-so-I-hate-everything’ attitude to start up any day now?” he asked, watching as Dummy moved away from Darcy and began trying to pick up a stray wire on the floor, only to succeed in pushing it around due to a lack of fine motor skills.
“Maybe,” she allowed, a smirk pulling at her lips.
Steve looked over to Tony at the sound of a low groan where he’d been lounging in the built-in seats lining one wall of the infirmary.
Steve leaned forward slightly, affection filling his chest as the other man blinked sleepily as he sat up, a hand reaching over to affectionately pat Steve’s knee.
Glancing over his shoulder, he saw that Tony had emerged from the small corridor that lead to the infirmary and spare passenger dorms, one of which was now officially Tony’s bunk. Bruce was a step behind the mechanic, and Steve realised that they’d both come from the infirmary together, a common place to find Tony when he wasn’t crooning sweet nothings at The Avenger’s engine.
“What happened?” he asked, voice an octave lower than usual, as he raised a hand to rub at his eyes.
Following the man into the tavern, Steve recognised the local hangout of the planets criminal element immediately. Honestly, Steve spent way too much of his time in places like this. He was, however, curious about what Tony would be doing in such a place. He already knew Tony wasn’t exactly a law-abiding citizen of the ‘verse. However, watching from one of the many darkly lit corners of the tavern as the man slinked up to the bar itself and leaned against it casually, eyes looking over the various offers of alcohol on the shelves before him, Steve wondered just how illegal Tony’s activities were.
“Corn husk burnt too quickly,” Tony said, reluctantly holding out his injury for her inspection.
“What the fuck is going on?” Tony snapped, pushing down the panic rising in his throat.
“So,” a voice from above him spoke, amusement in the words. “A delivery for Tadamori, huh?”
“If you two wanna catch up, how’s about you do it in the privacy of the ship? We don’t need everyone gawkin’ at you.”
Steve wasn’t entirely willing to examine his own feelings on that particular development just yet.
Tony blinked at him in genuine surprise.
Well, Tony never did do things by halves.
?” he asked, but Darcy seemed to suddenly notice the other people in the room and that captured her full attention.
To his surprise, Steve’s smile broadened at that.
“I’ve found Doctor Kafka,” he managed to get out, swallowing repeatedly to try and stave off his rolling stomach. “She’s dead, and one of her eyes’ is missing.”
“You think your name is Dummy?” he asked, suspicion confirmed when the bots claw did a complete 360’ turn in its socket.
Thank you so much to everyone who stuck with me, I'm an awful poster, but I said I'd finish this and here we are. Not going to lie, I had this chapter written months ago, then my computer crashed and I lost it. Did I just rewrite the chapter and finish the story? No, I rewrote the entire thing and fixed various translation mistakes and character inconsistencies as I went along. So, hopefully the whole thing will flow a hell of a lot better now, but no promises. I definitely didn't catch everything.
“How’d you like to keep helpin’ us from bein’ dead in the sky?” Steve blurted out, much louder than he’d intended to.
“Help us? How?” He leaned back to peer into the passenger bunk once more.
“Yes, it was a shame. You should have just died when you were supposed to, Tony, then I wouldn’t have to be missing a very important meeting with a member of the USC board regarding their firearm regulations,” Obie said.
When Tony had first woken, confused and disorientated, he hadn’t even had a chance to say anything before he was leaning over the side of the medical chair and gagging. Steve had helped to haul him back onto the chair properly when he’d finished emptying his stomach, leaving the good doctor to dispose of the bucket he’d produced with lightning fast reflexes to catch the mess.
When Tony had told them about his kidnapping and subsequent imprisonment with the Then Rings… Steve still felt nauseated just thinking about it. There were few groups that were horrendous enough that people like Steve, out of touch with most of the world and living a life outside of societies rules and regulations, ended up hearing about. The stories of horror and human experimentation were enough to give anyone nightmares. While part of Steve wished that there had been something Tony could have done to save some of the people on those ships rather than condemning them to death, he understood. As soon as the Ten Rings had gotten hold of each and every one of those people, they’d been as good as dead.
“You as well, Miss Potts.”
A headache began pounding behind his eyes and he swallowed back the urge to be sick.
“Silence means yes, right?” he turned to his sister once more.
“Exactly,” Tony sent his sister a wink, causing a large grin to cross her face before turning back to Pepper.
The Tower was a beautiful sight to see; a glowing beacon of what the future for clean energy would be like if Tony got his way.
“Oh,” Steve’s indignation upon the part of the bot deflated and Tony couldn’t help but feel fondness for the man grow. Here was a man from the 40’s, where robots were nothing but a distant dream, getting upset on behalf of the electronic creation for having a mean name.
Doctor Judas Traveller was a tall man, with long, white hair, and a matching handlebar moustache on his slightly wrinkled face. He wore a long, dark blue cloak over slightly darker pants and a white shirt, numerous golden chains hung from his throat and arms, while two brown belts doubled over his hips. Heavy-duty brown boots went all the way up to his knees and long gloves in a burnt orange colour hid his hands. Red eyes stared at him as if they were seeing more than just a billionaire in a tin-can suit.
“Course, what’d you think those passenger cabins were for?” Steve shot him a small smile.
“Sir? I thought I was still suspended from SHIELD duty pending an enquiry?” Clint’s voice badly hid his irritation.
Tony was pretty sure though, at this point, he couldn’t be described as completely sane.
“One day, soon after my arrival, there was an…
“Captain,” Natasha’s voice cut through any further conversation with Bruce, and Steve moved over to where she was loitering at the entrance to the medical bay. She stepped back into a small hallway, probably housing rooms for families, and Steve followed her. She glanced around to make sure they were alone, before speaking.
Resigned, Steve untangled his arm from Tony’s and approached Thor and Jane.
“Take us to Tony’s floor, please, Jarvis,” Pepper said, handing Tony the piece of toast, which he took a bite of mulishly.
Spoilsport.
“Jarvis,” Tony began quietly, eyes darting over to Miss Mac who was studiously staring out the large window.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, Tony bid farewell to the idea of having a decent amount of sleep for a change.
“Trust me, Steve. He likes you, a lot. Just ask him out for coffee.” Then she was walking from the room, leaving Steve alone in the kitchen with a crumpled newspaper and a pile of dust-free plates.
“You’re just jealous,” she said; her voice amused as she put the plates and utensils on the table.
“Steve, I’m almost finished,” he whined, tilting his head up and meeting Steve’s eyes as the man’s hand fell to rest on his shoulder.
“Was there something you actually needed down here, or where you just searching for affectionate bots to play with?” Tony finally asked when it became obvious that the three bots were content to bask in Steve’s attention for as long as possible.
“Jarvis said that if I’m real good in my studies this week, he’ll teach me how to make his Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake.”
“Come on, Steve,” Tony looked over to him, an arm linking them together as he lead him towards the flames.
“I didn’t know that either,” Pepper continued her bold face lying, as if Phil was even listening to her anymore.
“It sounds like the name of a superhero,” Darcy offered eagerly, leaning forward with a large grin on her face.
“Yeah, there’s a lot of things Fury doesn’t tell you,” Tony pointedly glanced back to where Natasha was piloting the jet, the humour leaving him.
Steve wasn’t sure if he should laugh or be annoyed with the idiot.
Silence filled the room, each of the crew looking away from one another as they tried to process the tragic tale.
“This isn’t about personality profiles anymore,” Phil said.
“Tony,” Steve quietly admonished, pulling his sword from its scabbard and eyeing the monsters, clearly thinking of a plan of action.
“Something on your mind, Captain?” he asked, raising an eyebrow and dredging up the familiar show smile to hide how something in his gut twisted under those blue eyes.
Obie would always notice him and that’s all that really mattered.
A small hand reaching up to tug at his shirt, however, completely distracted Tony.
robotic dog in existence,” Tony corrected, feeling slightly embarrassed with how pleased Darcy was.
“I’m going to fuck you so hard you pass out.” Steve promised, Tony’s response being lost in a loud groan as Steve pushed up and into him, the delicious slide and warmth forcing him to pause when he bottomed out to just breath for a moment.
So, firstly let me apologise. Oh my god, how badly edited was the first chapter? I’m using a new (to me) software writing system and it’s awful at picking up spelling and word choice errors. This time, I put it through word and some serious reading aloud sessions so hopefully I’ve caught much more before I post it.
” Clint yelled as he manoeuvred the bike towards the ship, Steve clinging onto his back as laser shots fired around them.
“Not funny,” Steve said, voice tight.
“Late.”
“Terribly lonely,” Steve murmured, leaning over to suck a kiss onto Tony’s throat, hands moving down the genius’ body before resting on his ass, squeezing just hard enough to elect an excited puff of breath.
His suspicions had been nothing compared to the reality of the situation. To have it confirmed had been awful enough, but for the full truth to have been revealed to him about the man who had always been there for him, more often than his own father. The man he’d placed his own trust and the shared responsibility of raising, of protecting, his baby sister.
Steve let out a small huff of amusement at her words, before shaking his head slightly.
Steve was relieved to see the familiar intelligence shinning in brown eyes, rather than the fever glaze from earlier.
“That was too close for comfort,” Tony muttered.
Obie sighed and made a despairing comment before hanging up. Tony snorted with amusement and pushed another button.
Obadiah Stane to Take Lead Point on Stark Galactic Board
“What’re you doing wandering around at night? You’re not even wearing any armour, are you?” Steve scolded him, slinging the bow over his back and holding out a hand to pull Tony to his feet.
“That’s a terrible reflection on society,” Bruce said, finally bringing over the large plate he’d stacked with blueberry pancakes.
A series of smaller boxes were contained within.
“I-I losted hew,” she sniffed loudly, causing Tony to instinctively wince as his eyes flicked over to their father, knowing such a noise would erode what little patience the man had for his daughter.
“I’d say it’s nostalgia. Just because the human race isn’t restricted to one tiny planet anymore ain't mean that we should just forget our history. It’s important to remember where we’ve come from so we can chart where we’re goin'.”
Steve paused in the entrance-way, watching silently as Tony continued forward, eyes taking in the warm, light filled room. The walls were honeycomb shaped for optimal stability and the huge engine that powered the ship was shaped like one of the ancient bullet casings that guns used before the invention of laser weaponry, back when Man was confined to only one planet. Tony walked over to the engine, reaching into the open sides and gently spinning the currently off core.
“Watch it, coming up here,” Rhodey warned as two paramedics and a stretcher approached the lowered deck of the plane.
Steve still wasn’t entirely sure about the why’s and how’s of what had occurred between Tony and the Stark Galactic CEO, except to understand that the position was meant to be Tony’s as the rightful heir.
There is no plan, no mission. He leaves with the clothes on his back and nothing more. He runs for hours and it feels like the freedom he chases in his dreams. He picks the most scenic routes, Ross be damned. Eventually he slows, revelling in the soreness of tired legs as he walks along the gravel shoulder, aimless except for the mantra of
On bad days Steve wonders if Stark knows where Lang is, where Clint is, and is just keeping the information back from Ross until Steve dares put a hair out of line. Stark has always designed his weapons with care and he is used to living among his enemies in a way Steve is not. Steve itches for confrontation, for a finality Stark won’t give him.
“I’m taking a hiatus from the team.”
“Stop what I’m doing to him?” Stark shakes his head. “Because I’m corrupting him, right? I’m trying to get him to come to the dark side for the orgasms. Couldn’t just be that Rogers needs to bleed off some aggression every once in awhile.”
Tony coughs up flowers and counts down blooms and wonders abstractly what happens when the last petal falls. When his lung capacity diminishes bit by bit until he suffocates under the weight of the bouquet in his chest. When beauty finally wins over the beast and the autopsy splits open his ribcage to reveal Eden.
Steve catches a glint of gold out of the corner of his eye. Like molten lava a tide of liquid metal comes flowing down Tony’s gauntleted hand, wrapping his arm. It bubbles out of his skin, flooding his chest and throat and legs, coating him in gold like a man under Midas’s touch. Steve drops back in horror. The dark red plates of the Iron Man armor assemble overtop and Steve counts five visible arc reactors in constellation across the chestplate. He scrambles back as the Iron Man gets to his feet, fully armored sans helmet.
The offer made Steve want to cry. In anger, in frustration, in sadness, in mourning.
Steve looked at Tony like he might disappear at any second. “Let’s camp here for the night.”
“Of course,” Richards looked mildly offended, “barring the low statistical probability of cardiac arrest.”
Bucky fidgets like he wants to tear them from Steve’s hands. “You know he tells them all, right? Or I guess his lawyers do. Sends ‘em round to the next of kin of everyone on the list. Like war telegrams.”
“You should have been more specific,” he deadpans.
“What does he call you?”
“Seattle. Business. He said you could use a break from him.” Sam raised an eyebrow. “He didn’t mention it?”
“Yes.” The truth slipped out from between Steve’s teeth. “I dream I kill you. I don’t like it.”
————————————
The non-answer floats in the silence between them. Bucky's recently started wearing his prosthetic again. He picks up the basketball and sinks a shot from the three point line. It’s an easier feat with two arms.
He points. “First percentage is the naked probability the Avengers will be granted permission to enter.” The boldest one over Maldecia reads 8.08%. “The second is the probability they will treat us as hostile in the future if we violate Maldecian sovereignty.” Those numbers range wide, from near certainties on either extreme. The US, Steve learns, won’t really care but most of South America will turn on a dime.
Sam’s still nodding. “Functioning addicts are the hardest to convince. Rhodey told me he hit bottom over Christmas.”
Suddenly they were making out furiously, all teeth and unkindness. Steve didn’t give Tony an inch, not even when he tasted the unpleasant tang of his own blood and saw the triumphant smear of red across Tony’s mouth, lips arranged into a cruel smirk.
“Quite the opposite actually.” Strange flicked a wrist and the damaged cars moved 20 feet to the left so they no longer impeded traffic. “I was asked to meet with you to offer my services.”
Steve’s heartbeat stuttered and he found himself the target of stares filled with varying degrees of wariness and pity. Advocating mercy was easy in the abstract. It was harder knowing what he knew, knowing he’d have to meet Tony’s eyes tomorrow.
“I’m not,” Tony spits.
“But… ”
“Cheat,” Bucky accuses in derision.
Tony huffed, his own frustration leaking through. “I was thinking more along the lines of a pair of ruby slippers.”
“Why not?” Tony’s smile is dazzling and insincere.
Tony very nearly gives a genuine smile at that. He’s not wearing Steve’s T-shirt - the injured ribs would make the maneuver all but impossible - but after the initial complaint the coffee seems to be a hit.
“My visits to the North Wing had nothing to do with you.”
“Yeah. He and Tanaka were telling me.”
“No.”
Up close and personal the wound looked worse. The edges of skin were old and jagged, flaking around the few remaining stitches fighting against tension to keep the wound closed. Bits of dirt were caked into the thread, standing starkly against Steve’s pale skin. The opening wept unseemly yellow fluids and Tony didn’t want to guess how deep into the lung cavity the slice went. The answer wouldn’t be good, even for a supersoldier.
“Yes, yes, of course - “ Tony chanted until the hand at his throat abruptly squeezed off the last of his plea.
Steve has only ever kissed a handful of women and never a man so his technique might be rusty but it really doesn’t matter because Tony comes back online all at once. He wrests control back because Tony is Tony, but something instinctive in Steve fights the handover anyway.
