"Yeah. We just met. And you apparently know everyone. Small world and that," Lestrade said, eyes narrowing. "Can I help you with something? Is this a…business call, or…?"
"I have in fact given him the most dangerous man I know."
"Actual fantasy?"
"And given that I am…
"Unwanted attention!" John said sharply.
And there it was, the perfect touch of woe in the eyes. "John, I need your help."
At the front of the lawn, Ravi and Paul leaned in for a kiss. The officiant beamed and shouted over the rising cheers of approval, "May your days be filled with joy!"
"Here." Sherlock held out his umbrella. "Take this."
"Oh, you darling," Janine grinned, squeezing her hands together. "
"Shh!"
"Archie, I'm going to hang you upside down in Nana's root cellar," Lestrade said into his hands.
"I told you I'd take care of everything, John."
." Sherlock flopped into his desk chair and rolled his eyes. "No, John, I leave
It was awkward in her slim skirt, but Radka knelt and then lay down on her back on the cool floor, stretching her legs out in front of her. She kicked off her shoes and sighed, transported.
"But look at you. In the same room, relaxed."
Ushi grunted.
"Your brother?" John gaped.
"And if you are acquainted with the man who arranged this flight, then you are most certainly aware that man would never arrange a flight that could be endangered in any way by a
"Which I wasn't."
Together they darted down narrow, cobbled streets in the tricky light of sunset, past glimpses of the Soviet tanks in the Town Square, past the cold-eyed soldiers, and scrambled up the scaffolding, small and agile as rats--Mikolas, slight and pale, and Radka, already tall for her age, a stringy girl with stringy brown hair.  They'd marked the window so they wouldn't forget the right one. They shimmied over the sill and into the third story gallery of Kinský Palace.
"That's not what I mean."
John opened his eyes. Sherlock was on the far side of the room, his back against the wall by the mantel. He was staring at John, firelight flickering across his face, unearthly, and lighting his white suit gold. John cleared his throat. He felt a little uncertain. A little…exposed. "Well? Do you think…was that enough?"
John used to
"You know Mycroft Holmes?" Molly blinked.
"No," Andy said. He touched a hand to his chest and smiled a watery little smile. "But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter."
what you want."
what I want."
A tall, grim-faced woman had disembarked from the plane, making her way along the gangplank in a severe black leather pencil skirt and five-inch red-soled heels.
The storm outside had quieted. The distant thunder sounded contented, and the rain was a soft buzz.
There was a haughty sniff that must be Sebastian. "Janine, you would have everything you could possibly need. A nurse to tend to your every discomfort. A masseur to ease your pains. Even a chef to prepare your soup. And, naturally, your doting Sebastian by your side."
you," he smiled.
John picked up his glass and grinned into the rim as he took a drink. "So you're making a list."
"What?"
Lyons grinned. "Okay,
Andy blinked. "I loved…I
"Yes," Sherlock whispered.
Powder Blue slid to the ground with a sigh in front of Sherlock as though he'd simply decided to have a nice little sleep in the grass.
"Ah, cheers. That clears everything up."
Mycroft felt his face heat, betraying what he knew was a perfectly-composed cold exterior, and what burned was the knowledge that he had been outplayed. Lestrade had used his attraction, his
"Places, everyone." Sherlock waved an imperious hand, and the milling staff fell immediately into their positions. Steel drums commenced a soft rhythm and a row of dancers began to sway in time. Trays of fruit and bright, icy drinks were readied.
want, John."
. But then I put everything together, the missing plans, Andrew West, and…" Lestrade shrugged. "And then a fantastic night turned into a terrible night. Even though," he snorted a wry laugh, "that's what I came to the island for. An arrest. And I
Mrs. Hudson has a family reunion and an announcement. Sherlock's brother visits the island. Guest starring: Mycroft Holmes, Molly Hooper
Had Molly thought herself special the same way?
sound out of the side of his mouth, then let a half-smile curl there, "but not bad, John. Not bad at all."
"The museum is dark…" Sherlock began.
"You apparently already are. Upside down."
The man just tapped a finger on the handle of his umbrella and smirked, his voice soft, "I think I have my answer."
Sherlock stared. "John, I don't understand why you're—"
"One or more," Janine repeated slowly. She looked a little dazed. "
list, Sherlock."
. He wasn't so bad at observation and deduction himself, now was he? And he'd only needed to witness two fantasies to see it. First, Paul and Ravi's wedding and reception, and now Radka and Raz's new relationship.
"I need an assistant." Sherlock sighed, a quick, impatient gust of breath. "You
"Ah." John took an uneasy breath. "James, I—"
"He thinks it's to impress his aging, professionally larcenous father by pulling off a
When John looked around again, he was alone.
Molly gave her server Camilla's arm a friendly squeeze of thanks for the flower-free vodka tonic, delighted she'd remembered Molly's preference, and settled down onto one of the garden benches to watch the other guests. Aunt Sissy's extended family, both blood kin and found, was a large and eclectic group along with their assorted partners and the plus ones, twos, and threes they'd brought along to the island. Molly of course had cousins and friends among the party to catch up with as well, but there was no rush.
"I'll take care of it. Don't you worry about a thing, John," Sherlock said gravely. And he smiled and walked away.
"I had the impression from Mrs. Hudson you were something of an expert on the subject," Sherlock sniffed. "Of dating, that is."
Sherlock grinned at him proudly.
"Captain Watson, do you enjoy exotic birds?" Sherlock held out his hand. "Or coffee?"
Sherlock nodded toward the plane.
"So." John glanced at his next card. "Tell us a little about yourself, Janine."
Radka hissed her disapproval. "Still your tongue in front of these
"I'm going to help him, of course."
"How could it not be obvious?" Sherlock tugged his jacket down crisply and jerked his chin up. "I've told you, John. Keep up."
The door opened and Mycroft's gaze dropped from where he was expecting to see Lestrade's face to a head of unruly dark curls and a pair of dark brown eyes. Eyes like his father's.
It's what
He had his mobile in his hand already when it chimed.
"For what, exactly?" Sholto asked drily, reminding Sherlock very much of John.
. Don't you think that's
"Oh...bugger." Sherlock's eyes flashed, ever-so-briefly, with dismay and he started simultaneously dragging fingers through his disheveled hair and scrubbing at a green smear on the sleeve of his white jacket.
"Breathe."
"Is a genius?" John smirked.
Sherlock closed his eyes. "Yes."
Sherlock leaned back in his chair, looking smug. "Because I know what it is
"You changed."
John slid the arch of his foot over Sherlock's ankle. The sheet covering their entwined bodies rustled softly at the shift in position, and John echoed the sound with a contented sigh.
John glanced toward the entrance to the sitting room and hushed his voice. "If a woman was murdered in London three weeks ago, Sherlock, then what am I and my medical kit here for now?"
"Well," the mischievous smirk returned, "this was more fun."
"He sent you
John looked down at the list again and smiled. "Morning sex? Who doesn't like morning sex? With…er, what's that word? Prostate?"
The island sparkled in the morning sun in the aftermath of the previous evening's storm. John knew the staff had been up before dawn clearing away fallen leaves and debris from the paths, straightening wind-tattered flower garlands. At Mrs. Hudson's invitation, he'd met her and her niece Molly for breakfast, and the conversation was proving revelatory.
know that?"
Archie frowned. "What's that?"
"What do you think of number seventeen?"
"Dad!" the boy bellowed over his shoulder. "I think it's a salesman!"
John froze, jacket halfway off one shoulder. "Now?"
"Fine, but brunch after." John couldn't resist pulling Sherlock in for one more kiss, lingering longer this time, putting a breath of promise into it. "You can have pastries."
He knocked on the door to Lestrade's bungalow.
fantasy, and a high-ranking member of the staff is at your full disposal for…fulfillment."
"Because it's romantic. Yes, shut your mouth, I said romantic. Why did you bring a notebook?"
Sherlock looked up from his desk and cocked an eyebrow. "Goodbye?"
"Hello, Mycroft, it's, er…good to see you again. You aren't flying with us, are you?"
"So you do have a son."
After watching John gaze at Sholto like some sort of adoring puppy (clasped hands, warm eyes), Sherlock wanted nothing more than to retreat to the privacy of his own villa as soon as he could, but there was
"I'm leaving."
?" Sherlock looked at John like he'd just said the most ludicrous thing in the world.
John frowned. "The owner?"
Radka paused before she followed, turning back toward the church.  Her eyes lingered, troubled, on the scaffolding for a long moment before she walked away.
feel good. Kate?"
"The ship is too small."
Still, John heard voices. Or…not voices, exactly.
I was always too much of a romantic, I think."
Fletcher's voice came back, a little shy. "And maybe a bit of a rub behind my ears. I like that."
You might have warned me about this extraordinary infestation of
"Miss Hooper," Mycroft nodded to Molly.
," he pronounced the words distastefully, mockingly, "is lacking certain significant detail. For example, there is no mention of your alcoholic sister. Harriet, I believe she's called. Nor of the shoulder wound that ended your military career. Sniper."
"I can't take you around the world, Janine, but I can take you to paradise," Fletcher said, a cheeky grin in his voice, "by which I mean…Dartmoor. But those stars you wanted to see, I can point you out each and every one out there. And under that moonlight, love, maybe I can even make you howl."
to play in. Of course everything's scaled down. I thought you'd have it taken away after Mrs. Hudson's family left."
him."
"I want to try," Henry swallowed hard, and nodded. "I want to try. Touching her."
The boy's brow furrowed. He tilted his head at her thoughtfully. "You usually watch dead people?"
"I studied Miss Wenceslas's personal history. Deduced her aesthetic, philosophical, and sexual preferences. And reminded her of them. Simple, really."
we're here on holiday, but he's really here for work."
John blinked in surprise.
"I mean of him."
"Question two. Janine's not feeling well."
John was waiting by the fountain.
"Ahh," he nodded. "I see. That sounds like Archie. He's had a bit of a fascination with death ever since…well, ever since his mother died."
John blinked at him. "What…just happened there?"
…I wonder that I even dared to hope."
"Kate?"
he knows him from work," Archie tugged Molly's sleeve and pulled her down, voice conspiratorial, "but
John smiled.
Sherlock's eyes went wide and then dropped to John's mouth. The sun-warmed breeze ruffled the curls that fell across his forehead. "Yes," he whispered.
Having spent a large portion of the morning letting Noah drive her around the island in one of the open-doored red estate wagons with the red-and-white striped awnings she'd always thought so cheerful, Molly Hooper felt well caught up on all the island gossip and acquainted with all the little changes made in the gardens and architecture since she'd left.
Sherlock spared him the briefest of glances. "Thank you."
"Sir? Would you prefer the beef bourguignon or the chicken kiev?"
He did look like a waiter in that suit, John thought nastily as he rubbed at the back of his head with a hand towel. The quietly-crackling fire in the hearth wasn't doing much by way of drying him.
"In…the pool?"
"You're quite sure I didn't miss anything last night, John?"
Sherlock turned a glare on grey-blond hair and a stern face and frowned, at least eighty-two percent certain the blue uniform in front of him did not contain the same attendant who had been annoying him throughout the flight. The voices were different, for one thing.
"Dad! There are kids!"
all those things you think I am. I'm smart and I'm thorough and I work
"This is Ushi," Ushi's owner smiled. He set his suitcase down beside him as the plane pulled away from the landing behind him and turned back into the lagoon.
the way she says."
show."
"Can I read it?"
"Ah, yes," Mycroft smiled. "Your party planning."
"Amazing."
Sherlock's eyes brightened.
John clenched his teeth. "Mind if I come in?"
was why Sherlock did what he did. John wasn't fooled by this talk of calculations and formulae. Sherlock Holmes was exactly what he had mockingly accused John of being at the wedding: Sherlock Holmes was a
"I'll…just get you a towel and some water," Mycroft said, turning towards the bathroom, "before you go."
"He does dress like one."
"Of course there are notes." Sherlock's gaze flicked to John's face and then quickly away. "But you can't read those."
"And you gave him the most dangerous man you know."
John flushed happily, blowing out the breath he hadn't noticed holding. "Okay. Good start. No, that wasn't obvious, but I'm very pleased to hear it."
"He'd like nothing better, dear, I'm sure," said a merry voice from behind John. He turned to a petite woman, roughly the age his own mum would have been by now, with short red-blonde hair. She wore a conservative blue suit instead of white, and her blouse was purple with a big, soft bow tied at her throat. Her smile was cheerful. "But I wouldn't cede that ground if I were you."
"For what?"
"Yeah, brothers." John shook his head, looking between the two woefully wilted men. "I'm seeing it now."
"Goodbye, sir," said Flight Attendant Sarah a bit too brightly. "We hope you've had a pleasant flight."
"But you're leaving."
"It's quiet work, but it
"It's time." Sherlock nodded. "Let us join hands."
partners. Are we not?"
Sherlock's face fell. "Oh. I have to spell it out, then."
get over it. It was time.
lark wasn't going to work. I should have known better after saving you from Mycroft was such a disaster—"
out of his mind to accept this position.
"That was. Absolutely. Fucking. Brilliant." The man laughed huskily in between little kisses pressed to Mycroft's neck and jaw. Affectionate kisses.
“God baby, you are precious!” Luther looked blown away.
John was toweling himself dry. Rosie still had to be given breakfast. He called Mike. He took Pepsi to school and didn’t have a problem coming over. Once he got there, John took a cab. From the street he heard Sherlock complaining about his tardiness and Mrs. Hudson came out, looking happy as the cat that ate the canary, looking at him excitedly. Then she called “Sherlock, he’s here!”
Sherlock wondered:’What is this? Is it to pass time? Because he has nothing else on? Or is this the way you co-parent? Will he hold my hand? That’s preposterous, we’ll be on bikes. Will he want to kiss me goodbye again?’
Harry looked at him, “ Sherlock, did you ever talk with John about Sholto? Did you confront him? Tell him your feelings? That seems like something you should have brought up!”
“Yep. We’ve always been friends, you know. Closer when you weren’t around maybe, but then again, our friendships were very different.”
-We are in your flat looking for them.
“We’re coming!” was the hurried answer, lest John think he could come upstairs. He, too, didn’t recognize Wiggins. He looked confusedly from Sherlock to him and back again, his hackles coming up, getting ready to leave in a huff. Why ever would Sherlock call him to flaunt a lover? Then Billy talked.
So, you are enjoying your freedom, John?” said Sherlock. His attempts to understand his situation without rosy colored illusions were not giving him the results he wanted. “I still don’t understand where I…,” Sherlock sighed and turned around, facing a small church.
John smiled. “If I weren’t full of surprises, you would be bored of me, right? Good night Sherlock. Sleep, alright? We’ll talk tomorrow. I had a good time. I think I’ll ask you out again.”
“I believe Rosie showed you her feelings tonight. I am not looking for a woman, Sherlock. I am staying in your life. I have all I ever wanted right here. No one else could be this. Only you.”
“John, I have a luncheon with a contact I suspect knows more than what she told police. Then I have to go to Harris, and later to Dr. Quentin. I would like you to come with, but...the suspect is under the impression that I’m...flirting with her, and after that it will be close to the time to pick up Watson anyway….”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was still strange to wake up with someone beside her. The sun coming through the curtains, the cats stretching out as she got up. She had been so sure they would be a deal breaker. Thankfully, they all seemed to be getting along together. Tesla sleeping in the nook of his arm, her paw possessively on his chest. Toby followed her as she slipped out to the kitchen to start breakfast. He had a preference for kiddie cereal she wanted to improve upon. Molly loved the weekends now, they could stay in late.
Without their kindness and support, I could not have posted this chapter. I will forever be thankful to this fandom and this story, as it led me to them.
“Oh no! John, so sorry! I wanted to call but Rosie assured me you wouldn’t mind!” Meghan said, dismayed.
Charlie, Mike and Harry tried to convince Sherlock to buy a suit for his wedding. The man refused. It took Molly, with all her considerable girth, coming over to Baker Street to get him to reconsider.
-Having fun at the gala? SH
Read that one! And all of Chryse’s work! Truly magnificent stories!
“Good. This is Dr. Wilson Sternbach, from Colombia. He is attending the bacterial/infectious disease conference. He needed some guidance, and well… This is Dr. John Watson, my…”
Molly had taken John’s car keys. When he woke up from a kip, he found she had put Rosie to bed, and covered him with a blanket. He got up, went to the kitchen, spying the liquor cabinet.
“Not at all. I never paid Sherlock for his last ‘favor’. I asked him to help me find the mole in our trainer’s program. He told me he was too busy with… other activities to tend to the case, but did it in due time. I didn’t realize I hadn’t deposited the sum in his account. I was notified this property was on sale, and finally had a chance to invest his money in an appropriate way. This was Marcel’s property, Sherlock.”
I’ve had them for as long as I can remember. I also have two grandmas, three aunts, two uncles, a grandpa and the Stamfords, who all take care of me. For your information, Sherlock is my real dad, he adopted me. He is not mean, he’s honest and has no patience for idiots. Not only does he do experiments at home, he includes me so I can learn from them too. And if I have a question, he answers, and if it’s about girly stuff, we look it up until he can answer. I couldn’t do without either of my dads.” Rosie glanced at Pepsi, who nodded briefly.
“Hello sexy. Miss me?” Moriarty’s hateful accent grated John’s nerves.
Sherlock paled, but John smiled, gave his fiance a consoling look, and kissed his hand.
Sherlock’s brow scrunched up. “Harry, we are broken up, what would it have mattered? Don’t people break up because they do not want to have to consider the other one’s feelings any more? This is what I can’t comprehend. He broke up with me. That tells me he didn’t want me anymore. Now he’s my boyfriend. Quite frankly, I expect him to break me up again anytime. It is very confusing”
“After all these years? I’ve been with Sherlock more than twice as long as with Mary now.” He said, surprising himself.
John got up, brought two glasses of that fine bourbon Daddy had gifted them and settled in his armchair, as Sherlock laid back in his chair, looking at the fire, and tipping his head back. “This was a good night.” He smiled. “I liked it, even though my parents insisted on staying.”
“Hello!” said John cheerfully as he came in and giving Sherlock a slightly longer than appropriate peck on the lips, as Ed Harris rolled his eyes. “What’s going on?”
“It’s fine, Sherlock, go ahead. I have shopping to do, and a full caseload tomorrow. I’ll text you. You can text me, too, alright?” John said.
“Will you come next Saturday? It’ll be Watson's summer concert and she leads the song for her class.”
“He did at the party. Sherlock blushed - he literally blushed, Molly.” Another drink, before Molly even had the chance to see it.
“I believe there is someone else, ready and willing to take you home, baby. He’s not hiding it all that well.” He looked at John, who was now watching the tug of war.
“I went through the list of our acquaintances and clients. Everyone got an email with a link connecting to the website. They felt it was a worthy cause. I did remind a couple of them that I still possess a surprising amount of information about people and cases.”
John left, to his choice of an empty flat, where Johnny Walker was the only friend available to him.
The boys have had a looong journey to get here. Frustration, fights, separation. Each took a different route, but they learned from their mistakes, and from each other. They had friends along the way. Both of them confronted their problems and  worked to make things better. They are at a place they didn't dare hope they would be a year ago. Now they are a family, together in their home, better prepared and disposed for what life has in store for them. The two of them, always.
He almost made it, could see a big intersection some few blocks up, when he heard the indisputable sound of a fight. There was a low baritone speaking in a mocking tone, and two distinct voices with foreign accents growling back:
At Barts, Sherlock took the package and the phone. John relayed the conversation to him. “I couldn’t help it, Sherlock. I pretty much knew who it was…”
As always, the music that inspired this monster:
The lights came back on, the buffet and bar opened and music started playing. To John’s surprise, Sherlock did not miss a beat. He took off his suit jacket and lay it on a chair. He took Donovan’s hand and they started to dance, “Pour Some Sugar on Me”. And by god they looked hot together, their bodies undulating, each of them close to the other, starting to sweat. Then “Don’t You Want Me Baby”. John danced with Molly, and then Greg came to take her out, but John mostly stood next to the bar, looking at the dancers, specifically one of them. Eventually, he went to the buffet, finding some excellent food, the Yard had really splurged. The whisky at the bar was also excellent. He saw Sherlock down it, quite a few times, before going back to the dance floor, dancing with Tara, Lestrade’s youngest, then with a lady officer, who looked so grateful to have been picked.
*********
Our men are together, bringing Rosie up, going on dates, exercising, cooking, working together. Navigating the up and downs. There is some interesting history to be unearthed and cleared up. While John heads to a conference, Sherlock and Rosie head to Mycroft and Greg's wedding. There will be some fun during stag night, a repeat of a favorite number, more attention that Sherlock ever wanted and a special guest dancer that will just blow the house down and stir some things up!
“Yes, more than OK. That was…”
John hurriedly texted Sherlock back to reassure him he had been distracted by his email, no, he wasn’t spending the night with Harry, and yes takeaway and a movie was fine. He got back to his flat, cleaned it up and took a shower, just in time for Sherlock to come in with Chinese and a six pack of the same kind of ginger beer Harriet had taken to Baker.
John took the lead, they headed to the park, went around it, through the green forest like parts, then he sped up and led Sherlock through the streets. He caught up to where they were going, a little park at the top of a hill, where they had once detained a suspect for Donovan to come arrest him. The race uphill was brutal, Sherlock was stronger in bursts, John had the endurance and that proved useful this time, leaving Sherlock behind.
“Where are you going?” John asked.
“Oh, wait up, will you, let me brush my teeth.”
“A little. It’s feeling better than it did, though…” Then, out of nowhere; “John, don’t go. There are experiments I would like to…” Sherlock stopped himself, horrified. Had he really been about to tell John he wanted to conduct experiments with his beard?
“Date? I don’t have a date.”
-Broken up? Yes Sherlock, we have been broken up for over  6 months now. Is this for a case?
“Yes, Rosie, we are staying for good.” John reassured.
Luther had smiled, but thought it might be better to delete it from his phone, Iyanna would not like it. Before he did though, he added it to a small file he kept on a memory stick at work. Both men were nicely dressed, out in public. Sherlock’s curls flying in the wind. His face, smiling wide, looking forwards. Luther, three steps ahead, looking back at his face, smiling too. Some kind of sentiment in his eyes. They were holding hands. There in his office, Luther printed the photograph, a small size, just enough to keep in his work journal. Iyanna rarely came to his office. He wouldn’t hide it, if she did.
“No!! No!! I can’t be here! I have to get off and go back!!”
“Well John...he might just be trying to … move on, you know?  I mean, he looks alright, he’s using his words, trying to be social, he has a new haircut. He looks very handsome by the way, it really brings out his eyes…”
********
Sherlock took them both in his hand and worked in a tight fast motion that finished John off. He let John go before he over sensitized, but stayed where he was for a while, until John caught his breath. Then he lay on his side, next to him, bundled in the sheet.
“No. He is very understanding and supportive of her. He always answers, even if it’s to say he will talk to her properly later.”
“This was my Grandfather’s ring. He was a Major during war time. Major John Edward Watson went on a mission to the US, transporting people from different parts of the world to the safe places in California. He would tell me stories about his travels, and later on, about a girl from a mining family, who gave him gold pebbles as a gift. He took them to a jeweler, who made it into a ring of the kind the town’s men favored at the time. My Grandfather gave it to me, because he said he knew, I would be the one to follow in his footsteps.”
*******
Sherlock, still looking a little lost, tried to focus on John, “Yes.”
“Listen up you idiots!! Neither of you will be the bus driver!! This is not registry and we are not playing dress up! Nelson here has experience driving buses. He will be the decoy, and if you don’t shut up, both of you, neither of you will be allowed on the bloody bus!! Either you listen to me and follow my plan, or you can go home and fight it out to your heart’s content there!"
“Come here, you poor sod.” Neverminded the notable tension of his body, or the way the word ‘poor’ physically grated his skin. Harry hugged tight, and after a moment, he relaxed and gave in. When he did, she put her hands through his hair, repeatedly.
That Sherlock allowed himself to be convinced so easily was a hint at how shaken he was.
“Boring, the killer made cuckoo clocks, when he had a target, he made a special one, added a microchip to find out when the victims were home alone, stroke up friendships and came to their homes to kill them. All solved yesterday.”
“So you didn’t even hint at the change of status?”
“You should talk to her, sort all this out and allow her to make an informed choice. Don’t let her go thinking these last couple of years, she wasn’t loved.” said Sherlock. "Also, consider Nyla. Doesn’t she have the right to know she has a half-brother? Does Andrew deserve to be kept as a secret? Something to be ashamed of? I am not going to expose you, Lizbeth. It is not my place. Charlie needs answers though. As is, she is stuck thinking you left her because your family hated her and wants you married to a man. She is convinced all those doctors and therapists you have invited to dinner to review Andy’s treatment, were dates. Charlie thinks you stopped loving her because she’s a woman, and you only go to her when you're between men. Does she deserve to think that?” The men left her with that question to ponder.
They finished their chat, John signed the report cards and left the classroom. Sherlock invited him to dinner, so they could talk about Rosie. When John looked into his eyes, he found only concern in them, no triumph at all, and accepted. They went to the Chinese place they usually had gotten take out from. As they ate, Sherlock ventured;
It was a good thing John had asked Greg to record her, because he was absorbed in looking at Sherlock, who was immobile, cheeks flushed, eyes moist, mouth slightly opened.
"He is healthy. As I said, chief of division. He is the big wig of product safety Molly. The man is sharp as a tack. Now let me talk to him and go bring me a coffee or something.”
John did, however, raise his hand a bit and played with Sherlock’s curls a little, hearing Sherlock sigh and press his head further in his hand. They stayed like that for a bit, then, when Sherlock had calmed, they decided to go out for a walk, eating at a small, cozy cafe for dinner. As they walked back to the flat, while Sherlock animatedly talked about the trajectory of bullets and the possibilities of surviving different shots, John realized for the first time, that he did not have a limp. In fact, he had never missed his cane, hadn't seen it since the night he had found Sherlock.
There was nothing other than that little girl on the stage. A sun, bright in the darkness, shining and burning him. Her voice was the beacon that would ground him. Everything else could fail and fall away. This was the unbreakable bond. At the moment Sherlock did not need anything, anyone else. He felt a presence next to him, reminding him to breathe, a hand in his, far away.
“Oh! You know him? Turns out he is a celebrity of sorts. I’ve heard the name, but must say, he’s nothing like I thought. He’s actually quite fantastic.”
“You may ask, but it is none of your business. Unless you can give me a good reason for wanting to know. Who are you?”
“Nor for me, John… Luther, he, I just... I wanted to know if…”
There also was the way he looked at the art teacher. Gianna Ruiz, age 32, american, recent expat. English was her second language. She came from Puerto Rico, she loved London and aspired to travel through Europe. She was truly dedicated to her job, loved children and was knowledgeable on the subject of Fine Arts. No romantic involvement, of course. Liked older men, usually not that much older, but willing to take a chance for John. And him; standing at attention, eyes focused on her. He most likely asked her out right then, or would not far in the future. Sherlock took one look and knew John had been fantasising about her. Sherlock didn’t care. It meant nothing to him.
“Your sock index, I know.” John got up, walking naked and proud.
With that, Sherlock, who could barely hold himself together anymore, turned and stumbled into Mrs. Hudson’s room. John stood alone, gasping, horrified at what had happened. Then he moved, went forward to knock on the bedroom door. He needed to…
Maybe since he couldn’t see him in person, he began to see him in his dreams. Ancient history dreams, of instead of leaving the pool, after Moriarty was called away, Sherlock set off the bomb, shooting at it, seconds before John dragged him into the pool. Then they got separated, and John couldn’t find him, and when he did, it was too late, Sherlock was drowning. In the last seconds of his life, Sherlock tried to talk, but the water coming out of him in streams wouldn’t allow him to and he died without John knowing what he had to say.
At that Sherlock’s pupils dilated. “Something specific in mind, Captain?”
“Will you stay with him? I really need to go cover Stewart.”
John couldn’t help feeling a little rejected. “Hi you! That was some fantastic bubble making there.”
“Well you sort of invoked divine intervention and people who were not here.” said Luther, and Sherlock noticed something in his tone.
John, however, was  a man on a mission, so he moved his detective, got him on his back, positioned himself between his legs and swallowed his length, head bobbing up and down, while Sherlock grabbed his hair and the sheets and shook with the effort of keeping his whining to a minimum. Yes, that was better. He had hardened even more, so John went back to the tip, shoved his fingers rudely into Sherlock’s mouth to wet them, then used them to circle his rim, which by itself almost brought him over the edge, so John wet them again, and introduced a finger, while he took his cock again. He had only to rub at the bottom of the prostate a couple of times before Sherlock came forcefully in John’s mouth. He could barely swallow it all, his nose was runny and his eyes watery, but it was so worth it, to see his partner finally with a small spaced out smile. John reached up and kissed him, before going to the loo to wash up a bit. Then went back into the bed.
Greg also stayed in touch. He visited often. Maybe even too often. But it was alright, because he picked Rosie up and then took her to John, as needed.
“I did. In the shower. I've read some articles, seen some videos, for research.” Sherlock confessed, his voice quiet. “I’m ready, John.”
“Things feel different, but in a good way.” John confessed to Beverly. “I remember before, I felt I had to make fun of him for being smarter than the rest of us, or bring up his mistakes when he spoke in that posh tone of his. I had to ‘bring Sherlock down a peg’ when he had a brilliant deduction, or when he was describing his thinking process about a case. That isn’t present anymore. I can just bask in admiration. What do you think about that? Is it temporary?”
The silence between the two men grew painful. Sherlock’s ice cream melting onto his hand. John passed him a napkin, and said the first thing that came to his head, to get over the unease.
“Follow me. Benson, is the Freak still up there with the guv?”
“The bloody evidence was circumstantial! Sherlock we need to talk!” John said, his voice raising on it’s own.
Once out of city limits, Sherlock sprung up, digging his thumbs in the driver’s eyes. Instead of spiraling out of control, the driver slowed down, and when Sherlock threw himself on the bench, the man opened the door, as John approached. The driver slid out, Sherlock on him instantly, ripping half his shirt off. The kidnapper arched his body, smoothly flipping Sherlock over his shoulder. The next instant, he held him captive, strangling Sherlock with one arm, his other hand now holding a box cutter to his throat. As Sherlock remained struggling for air, John approached slowly, gun in hand, saying, “Let him breathe, Let him go, and I will let you live. I’m an Army Captain, a crack shot, and I will shoot you.” The fact that his heart was racing, and fear for Sherlock tied his stomach in knots, would have never been perceived by an outsider.
“So...are Greg and Mycroft an item? Greg keeps starting to tell me, but leaves it at him going out with a man. Then there is nothing but silence.”
What do you do when you are haunted?
“I guess so. I came to London to live with her. This life, without her, in London, isn’t for me. Once I get divorced, I want to go home. I want to take Nyla. I guess I will have to conform to have her half a year. Ahhh… what a mess Sherlock. If I had known she was going to turn herself over to her family this completely, I wouldn’t have happily agreed to move.”
Then they went to his flat and stayed outside on the balcony standing against the rails, smoking Cuban cigars and looking at the city. Sherlock noticed Luther was waiting for him to make the first move, so he put out the cigar and slipped under the circle of his arms.
like him.” And just like that, he slit Sherlock’s throat.
-Very well then. Would you like to meet up tomorrow? We could take the ladies to Speedy’s for breakfast and then to the park. SH
Sherlock did not turn around. Angry then.
“She wants us to have time to ourselves.”
“All of a sudden you are Mr Manners.” John huffed. “Not only did you talk with her, you also spent your sweet time talking to ‘baby’ there. Are you two going to meet when he’s in France, since you have missed each other so bloody much?”
“Not yet. I might send Steward to ‘visit ‘you so you can casually bring this up to him, though.”
He took a minute to breathe, and went on, “...about the ‘partner’ bit… Sherlock, I screwed up in many ways when we were together. I’m just realising lots of the things that were so not good; we weren’t just friends, even best friends. We were life partners. I should have always introduced you as such, to everyone. I was a coward. I guess I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of knowing we are broken up, not when I don’t feel that things are over between us.”
Hearing this filled Dr Quentin with a sense of relief. While John, as a doctor, knew the consequences of a gunshot to the heart like Sherlock’s, the detective had been very careful hiding the full extent of his health issues. Dr.Q had helped him internalize the need to listen to his transport, and delegate the most physical, harder cases to the officers that had not had gunshot wounds, or drug "use"
So John stayed still as Sherlock washed both their bodies. Sherlock seemed to be holding himself back, John however, could see the emotion in his eyes and the slight tremble in his hands. That made him want his lover even more.
Sherlock considered he had made good progress with doctor Quentin. He was able to talk about his cases, his interactions with Donovan and Harris and Stewart. They spent ten minutes talking about his interactions with Harris in particular, as the doctor asked many questions. He pointed out to Sherlock that Harris’ behaviors were flirtatious, while Stewart’s were not. Sherlock had paid little mind to it after he had told Harris he did not date coworkers (of sorts). Sherlock told Dr.Q about Watson’s ordeal, which had turned into a conversation about old memories and feelings about Mary.
“Not even when he was married to… well, when he was married. The way he looked at you, was the same way he looked at you when we met him. The same way he looked at you when you just got together, the way he looks at you now. That’s how your mother looks at me. She is the genius and lord knows we have had our differences, but I love her and she loves me. You and your Captain have come such a long way. You deserve this, this happier, softer now. With your girl, in your home. Do this my boy, it’s for you and for him. Think of what this day means. It is a reiteration of what you have. It is setting it in paper, in the archives of time. It is making your love and your family valid in the eyes of the law. More importantly, this is your husband, declaring to everyone that you two are so lucky as to love each other better than before, overcoming substantial odds. He wants everyone to know that he is marrying you, love. Get the clothes on, and come with me. Celebrate the strength of the love that has brought everyone here today, and be happy!”
Luther’s smile grew and he palmed Sherlock’s shoulder. “That was truly impressive, Sherlock. It’s true, I’m not that fond of one-nighters, though well, I’ve had some. I much prefer a friendly arrangement. Would you like to come over to my place for a drink? We could see how it goes from there.”
Beverly smiled: “That seems a very polite way of wishing he would make his stay there permanent.”
“Boring mother… Dad, beehives? How am I supposed to keep bees?”
Sherlock blurted out, unable to stop himself; “You came out as bisexual later in life. Your three grown up children have accepted this. Your wife left you when you told her. You still have feelings for her, and she has most probably gotten over her shock and will welcome you back when you are ready to ask her again. Which is not yet. ”  He saw Luther standing with a smile starting on his open mouth and added:
“I’ve not ...yet. But I want to...so much…”
“Yes. There is a dinner tonight, but I’m not attending,” stating the decision he just made.
“What about women? If you fall in love with someone, you will most certainly want to live with her.” Sherlock looked at him out of the corner of his eye, while trying to appear nonchalant.
“How did you feel when he and Luther met?”
“That...that means a lot to me Sherlock. I have always felt you are my pain in the arse, posh,  little brother
Once again, John had kissed him in public, where anyone could have seen them. This “date” had been very different than when they were first getting together, because they had never dated. They lived together, so there had been no middle ground. One day best friends, the next day, lovers, parents and full throttle forward. He gave the present situation much thought. Most probably a lark of John’s, brought along due to loneliness. Between girlfriends. As long as he remembered this, that the dates were temporary, and he kept it at light kissing, like a shy girlfriend, it could be acceptable. But that was all Sherlock was willing to give. Suddenly, angry? moisture came up to the edges of his eyes. John would never stay. He didn’t know how. And Sherlock didn’t want timid kisses and stupid dates that would lead them nowhere. He wanted everything. Everything or nothing at all. But when it came to John, he was weak. He was compromised by sentiment. His pressure point triggered. He would let John take what he wanted, until he inevitably wanted someone else. He couldn’t stop himself. Sherlock did something he hadn’t done in a long time. He took out his violin.
John went straight to Mrs. Lewis, but Sherlock had left. “Such a handsome young man you have, John! I could have sworn you were, how do you young ones say it nowadays, straight? But I can see how you two are good for one another.” John murmured some hurried thanks and went to his flat.
“John, are you sure these are Sherlock’s issues? You told me he had changed when he came ‘back from the dead’. Could you be projecting Mary’s behavior on him?”
Then he was distracted by Watson and John dancing. His heart skipped several beats. His Watson looked so beautiful, a cream colored dress, with a v-neck decotte, three small roses on the vest. The gown length skirt had a few roses and some petals. She and Pepsi had matching bracelets, a gift from Mycroft; Sherlock suspected the “shiny things” might actually be diamonds. The “perfect” shoes had tiny heels that made her look so grown up. She was smiling her widest and most beautiful, and when the song was done, she ran to him, hugged him tight. “I love you, papá!” And off she ran.
********
“I thought you had left.” Sherlock muttered.
John had relayed to the first responders that opiates should be avoided when possible and that Sherlock had a paradoxical response to common anesthesia and the most popular tranquilizers. He had provided them with a list he had put in his phone, made with information gathered during their evening talks. Once they got to the hospital, John reminded Sherlock he would be waiting for him, and the most he probably needed was a check of his oxygen levels, stitches and a clean up.
“Our young lady had a sleepover. I thought I could interest you in a ride, but that doesn’t seem to be in the cards.” He smiled.
They left the hotel in Wilson’s rental car and found a bakery Sherlock knew.
Now, with John gently guiding and encouraging her, she gave them the keys to her gym locker to retrieve a gym bag, where she hid a memory card with encoded information about her findings, and her plans.
“Be that as it may, the SI will not take nicely to the fact the suspect is delivered to him by two civilians. I must be there to ensure his safety!”
**********
Mrs Hudson knew John well. Though he was trying to appear casual, he was actually jealous enough to have made Shepard pie, and come over to interrogate her about him.
(See the end of the chapter for
without me around.”
Rosie insisted; “Oh, what time is Sherlock coming in?”
“I’ll take them back upstairs later, John.”  Mrs.Hudson said.
John understood Sherlock’s need to take over. His focus on his scar. His madman knew, no one else would kiss it, even if they had wanted to, John would have not allowed it. He knew that Sherlock did not want his emotion acknowledged, not now. So John lay on the bed, reaching out to hold on to his arm, or touch a rib, or stroke his head or shoulder what he could reach, as Sherlock journeyed down his body with kisses. His scar got the gentle, tender affection that turned hotter as he traveled further south.
being me.” said Sherlock and Dr. Quentin noticed his anxiety tells had increased.
Sherlock needs to clear some things up for himself, and for Luther. Then, dinner with the family? They finally have a pretty nice time, even if they both are careful, careful, careful.  Sherlock asks Mike a favor. Mike though, recommends somebody else.  Then there will be a dinner together, most certainly nice. Rosie is having some trouble, that also leads her to think about her mother.
*********
“I’ve heard he has thawed quite a bit. Want to come? We could dance! And spend the weekend at a beautiful bed and breakfast.”
Then John came to rescue him and they sat for a while with Mrs Hudson, who talked non stop. There were also pictures taken with every single guest, even with the music band. There was so much dancing, and then food, and drink and general happiness. Sherlock never knew he could feel this much happiness, as he took in all his family and friends around him and looked at his husband. His Husband! being gorgeous and amazing.
He helped Sherlock stand up and kissed him again, sliding his hands under his t-shirt, feeling the smooth skin over hard muscle. Sherlock’s knees threatened to buckle with just that bit of kissing, his fierce, fearless detective outdone by a bit of a snog.
both of these talented ladies have stories of their own on this same site! Check them out!
Sherlock was worried, “John. I found this experience very frightening. All this, it made me want to ask Mycroft to assign people in Rosie’s school. I really can’t tolerate the thoughts of what could have happened to her.”
“What are you up to?”
During this separation, I have taken a good look at myself, Sherlock, and the perceptions and ideas that were outdated and wrong in the first place. I promise never to touch you in anger again, not to leave you when I’m mad. I also give you my word that I will honour you, put you before any other, and show you off to the world.” John took a moment to breathe, passed his hands on his lover’s face. He shifted his weight a little. Sherlock looked at him, feeling evident in his eyes. “John…”
John and Sherlock danced. The dance music was followed by slower songs. They danced a lovely, slower version of Jame Blunt’s Bonfire Heart, interpreted by the Rivers lad, before they broke for some drinks. As John caught up with Harry and the other wedding guests, Sherlock sat next to Bill and Molly, until they went dancing again.
********
“And it won’t. I believe John didn’t want to tell you because he was scared that he had been tempted by the offer. He must have thought you would leave him for considering it.”
wildly talented author and artist, and
“Sherlock, I would never compromise your health. I wasn’t aware that you were unwell while we weren’t communicating. I’m here because it’s the only place I want to be. I have made many mistakes Sherlock, and the biggest one I’ve made lately is underestimating our relationship, our family. I thought there was something outside of it I wanted. I was upset that you had focused on ever more complicated cases, that you didn’t need me anymore, so I left. Even when I constantly told you we were broken up, when I was loaded with anger, and went out on dates, I failed to consider you might turn your interest elsewhere, that you might find another person to help you, another doctor, another partner in business, another lover. When I realized you were able to move on without me, I saw everything I loved, slipping away from me, and Beverly and Harry helped me come back to my senses.
“Yeah, but that’s part of what got us in trouble in the first place. I won’t do anything that would affect what we are trying to rebuild. I do want to at least see what they’re up to though. I would love to try to implement it here."
He had reluctantly accepted to come to Brighton with John for a weekend conference about the special needs of veterans in their health care. Though Sherlock would have been content to stay home with Watson, she had gone to Cardiff with Harry, for a holiday visit, as school was over. While John had to attend morning conferences, he had promised Sherlock time in the afternoon. Tomorrow evening, Sherlock was his plus one at a formal dinner. Boring, but needs must. John had gotten up and left for conference early, so Sherlock had gone in search of some coffee, only to be caught up in a discussion with a Dr. Colin Fazel, a supervisor at the Research Division of the Psychiatric Department of Oxford University, about how much say should a person be given in their own treatment, when mental illness or PTSD were involved.
“I couldn’t very well not talk to her, John.”
“I believe you gave up that privilege  when you took your things and Rosamund and left him. Now, there is nothing else for us to talk about. Goodbye, Dr Watson.” Mycroft spat out
********
“I received a hand drawn, handwritten invitation, two months ago by mail…” he sighed “I had a summit to attend to, but I wouldn’t miss Rosalie’s debut for the world. I will also like to see you enjoy it, little brother. Oh, Sherlock, speaking of occasions, will you do me the honor of being my best man?”
*******
“John, I missed you. I missed you terribly.” He said, his voice not as steady as he hoped. John stopped, but didn’t turn around.
“Quincy, you said. I am the worst person to ask about these things.” The boy’s eyes dropped to the floor. “But since you made the effort of putting it in words, I will do the best I can. John and I have hurt each other time and again. I left for two years, he got married, then once we were in a relationship, he left. I too was confused, and found it hard to trust his intentions. In our case, we both seeked professional help. I have seen him working on resolving challenging perceptions. Furthermore, Joaquin, I tried to be with someone else. I tried being alone. Nothing compared to living with John. No one could make me forget him. Am I 100% sure he won’t leave me again, or hurt me again? No. But when I was with another gentleman, John was the one I thought about, and when I’m happy, it’s John I want to share with. I found that after all that was bad in our relationship we were willing to tear it down and build a new one so we could stay together. Maybe your love is willing to try a new relationship with you?”
Moriarty was a dangerous man. Priding himself on being a ‘consultant criminal’, he had kept his hands clean, and built a fortune, by taking his father’s place in his business, and working for very select, high end clients on his own. As a result he had quite a few big name people, who could not afford to see him in jail, where he could talk. It was known that he was being “detained”, but Mycroft could not keep him permanently, without any proof against him. The man had agreed to leave the country, an auto expatriation of sorts, for three years, with Moran. He asked for one thing; information about Sherlock. Mycroft was between a rock and a hard place. He was running out of time. How could he keep Sherlock safe?
However, I do hope you are enjoying your stay, as I confess I believe the experience may be worth your time. SH
“Me? Brilliant? How?” Rosie’s breath was still slightly hitching.
Sherlock positioned himself, knees on the bed, hands on the frame, the bigger man moved his hands along Sherlock’s legs, kissed his shoulders, and his back. He gently entered Sherlock, holding on to his hips, and went as deep as he could get. Sherlock shivered. Luther kissed him, rocking, gently, one arm reaching around, holding Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock ignored the slip up, if he noticed it.
Then came the unmistakable sound of flesh on flesh, a man on the wrong side of the fists and the laughter of the assailant’s companions. Many against one. John could just walk by, that lit avenue was beckoning to him, but the injustice of it made him take a better look. Three burly men, one administering the pounding, two holding the owner of the baritone down. The person was more of a boy than a man; skin and bones, unruly mop of hair who had the nerve of having a smirk on his face even as he got hit.
“Sherlock!! Why would you do that from my office? You’re looking to score? You want me to stop you?”
See, I used again after we brought Mary back. I told him that it was to lure Culverton to me, but there was really no excuse for using heroin. That was more about the fact that Mary was back in the house, living with John and the baby, after all I did to try to make him happy, to learn how to properly care for Watson. I couldn’t deal with that. Mrs. Hudson brought him to see me. John was livid. He was so mad he didn’t stay with me himself. He got some of his ex military friends to rotate guarding me as I cleaned up. Unknown to us, Mycroft was out of the country, gathering evidence against Mary. When she gave me the TD-12, I was in coke and heroin withdrawal.
“First of all. Congratulations are due. To you, Rosie, for your solo, and to the three of you for this step you are taking. I would like you to go over the paperwork. It’s necessary to ascertain that the facts are correct. This document here, John allows addressing of the name issue.”
“Wait… Has John ever said he loves you?”
“No, Sherlock. There’s no mistake. I...I submitted a new form after I moved out. I was going to tell you.”
“Ah, thanks Mike, who has conveniently forgotten, we are exactly the same age.”  John cleared his voice and took a deep breath. “Sherlock. You made your vow to me and to our daughter years ago. Although it was a short one, one sentence, it was the most meaningful one you could have made, and though in pledging it, you put your own life in danger again and again, you have honored it every single day of our lives. You have always been here. For Rosalie, since she was a newborn, bringing her up, teaching her, playing with her, adopting her. For me, coming back for me, planning my wedding for me, living for me, letting me go, and taking me back home. You sacrificed yourself in so many ways. You have given so much of yourself to us.
Sherlock paced the room. “Yes. We first found out through their girl, Nyla, when she played with Watson at the park. Then Charlie, my friend, told me Lizbeth had come to talk with her. Charlie, Nyla and Andrew have met, and had a very positive start towards a possible relationship.” Charlie had run towards Sherlock, almost knocking him down in her hurry to hug him and thank him. The ladies were still tentative, in the talking stages, but the divorce procedures were in definite hiatus, and there had been conversations that revealed both women were interested in renovating their family.
"Thank you, Mr. Holmes." Captain Watson's dark eyes drifted to the buckle and then jerked away. He licked his lips. "Sarah," he called over his shoulder. "Would you please let First Officer Stamford know we can prepare for descent now. I'll be right there."
"Detective Inspector," Mycroft nodded coolly. "Please forgive the intrusion."
"Happening? Right now?"
"Are you sure? You don't have to—"
looking for." John looked up at Sherlock. "You know?"
"No?"
If the breeze wasn't playing with Sherlock's curls, John might have thought Sherlock had actually frozen in time, he had gone so still, with the same faraway look in his eyes he'd had when John had told him he loved him.
you?"
"I'm not going to plunder anything with
"She has other business," Sherlock waved a hand in the air, as though that explained something. "And besides, you already have the perfect suit for the occasion."
Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft knew from Sherlock, was making her family announcement tonight in the main gardens. Any island guests not in attendance had likely been encouraged indoors by the imminent threat of rain.
Mrs. Turner smiled with the smug confidence of the well-intentioned. "We'll see."
"But I think we can still come to an arrangement, Detective Inspector."
Lestrade sighed, because he
"You should hire Molly," Archie said. "She solves crimes, too."
be afraid. "I can revenge you!"
John raised his eyebrows. "Okay. Well. What's his fantasy, then? Lyons."
John stumbled over the flagstone walkway.
"I just feel…so ridiculous," Henry confessed with a sigh. How hard would it be, just to reach out and touch one of those soft-looking black-tipped ears. He looked at Lyons' black hair, soft in the sunlight filtering in through the curtained window.
"Nice try, Sherlock, but you'll not be rid of me quite so easily," Mycroft sniffed, brushing down his suit sleeve.
"Primitive?" John frowned at the arrogant curve of Sherlock's mouth. "You're calling my friend primitive?"
"Hm," Lyons said. "There's a surprise. Henry…you're doing so well. You know that, right? I'm really impressed."
"James! It's not like that at all—"
Sherlock twisted slightly in John's arms, reaching toward the bedside table.
"Oh, you're very welcome, dear. That suit is a smart fit, too," Mrs. Hudson nodded approval.
John nodded. "A
John blinked.
Henry gave a nervous half-laugh. "I thought you said be myself."
Soo Lin looked at him, eyes dark as night, and spoke in a voice not entirely her own,
John squeezed her hand.
The guests leapt to their feet, applauding thunderously.
John had just said… He shouldn't move. He should just…stay very still.
John rubbed a hand over his face and flipped to his next card.
"I hope he wasn't bothering you," the man said, wincing a little as he turned back to Molly.
of your dates would you like to go home with you, Janine?"
"An arsehole?" Molly smiled.
"Oh. So you just followed instructions."
didn't mean John didn't
"Here." Lyons held out his hand, palm down. "Put your hand on mine."
growled in his ear again.
"She's friendly," Henry observed. He was keeping a safe distance, just in case, but she did seem…well, friendly. Eager to please. And—Ushi issued another satisfied grunt—completely lacking in dignity. "Maggie's…not. All that friendly."
"No problem whatsoever. I'd like to be clear on that point. In fact, give me the pen."
There was a ripple of laughter across the garden.
"Here we are, Andy." A solemn-eyed, soothing-voiced Sherlock swept through the door from the kitchen carrying a tea tray.
"Ah!" John retrieved his socks and sat on the edge of the bed to pull them on. "Okay, then what happens?"
"Sir!" called a bronzed young man from across the garden. "Sir, the plane!"
They stood in the Jade Villa's open front doorway, watching the rain in circle of light cast by the porch light. John had his still-soggy jacket draped over his still-damp shirt sleeve. "I think Andy's going to be okay," he hazarded at last.
Sherlock shrugged. "Problem?"
this anxious to impress him."
Sherlock lowered his gaze and inclined his head in modest benevolence as he offered John a teacup.
"Oh, my God," Andy panted.
since I've considered the details of such…
Henry frowned. "No. Not really."
"Then what can I do for you?"
"If you will delay my detainment, Detective Inspector, long enough for me to explain the details of the situation, I believe we can clear this matter up to our," Mycroft's mouth twisted bitterly, "mutual satisfaction."
The red CALL ENDED light blinked in his hand.
. And Sherlock
want to apologize. I'm the kind of man who apologizes. I'm sorry that you thought I was…a dick. Because I really, really…had a wonderful time. So…there it is. You were impressed that I'm a manipulative liar. Some kind of operative. But I'm just…a bloke who thought you were hot. As fuck. And…still do, actually. Probably more now."
John sunk down instantly, resting on his heels. He watched as Sherlock’s deft fingers worked open his button and zip, pulling out his already rigid cock. With one hand gripping himself by the base, Sherlock carded his fingers through John’s hair. Suddenly needy, John tilted his head back, opening his mouth. With a subtle smirk, Sherlock guided himself between John’s lips.
“Sherlock, what are we doing back here?” John demanded.
Sherlock pulled himself upright, making quick work of the knot around his waist. He flung away the robe, and John had just a short glimpse of him—his lean, taut body in the stripe of streetlamp light, his hard cock against the panes of his stomach—before he pressed himself back against John, their skin finally meeting. He was cool to the touch, a welcome relief against John’s fevered skin. John could feel it now, the insistent pulse of Sherlock against his hip, the slight dampness of his arousal.
Archie rolled his eyes at her. "
"Sherlock," John gave Sherlock a searching look, "just…help a bloke out here. I can't read it the way you do. I don't actually know what you…like."
Soo Lin looked at him solemnly for a long moment, then nodded. "That's absolutely right. So don't do it. Don't keep me behind glass."
obvious?"
"—but about your John Watson—"
"Okay?" Lyons asked quietly.
"Mmhmm. Fletcher?"
John traced his own thumb across the back of his hand.
Sherlock made a little grumbling sound.
"Fucking hell, I'm in," Fletcher sounded rather enthusiastic. He did say he had a lot of energy, after all. "For anything. Wait'll you see these two, love."
John didn't bother reading the last cards. Amidst the din of applause, he made his way around the spontaneous group snog and off stage.
Andy would know her voice anywhere. His heart swelled with love and pain, but he was afraid to look. He hadn't seen her, after. He'd only read the report in the newspaper and imagined. Couldn't stop imagining.
"I see. And where is your son?"
John blinked.
fountain. Sorry, John. You were saying?"
Sherlock wondered, that being the case, why he suddenly felt like he might be sick.
"I highly doubt that, John. You seem like a perceptive young—" Mrs. Hudson's attention shifted to the walkway behind the fountain. "Oh, look, he looks happy," she exclaimed.
"No." John shifted again as a particularly extended moan drifted up from the pool. There was just so much…movement. Rolling and grinding and sloppy slapping sounds and…
Henry's eyes flew open.
had been
"But you did this." John waved a hand at flower garlands and ivory chiffon draping.
"Hm," John said, careful not to look back.
"Because it's an
Paul's hand shook as he fumblingly retrieved a gold ring from his sporran and slid it onto Ravi's finger. "I give you this ring, as a symbol of my commitment and enduring devotion."
connections he could remember, he'd picked up a piece of paper off the floor that meant he had to end that connection. And because he fancied he could still feel the pressure where long fingers had grasped his thighs, and now those long fingers were resting gently on the curved handle of an umbrella right in front of him.
The trees were thrashing. The wind howled. John's face was slick with rain and his clothes sodden. He'd made certain all Mrs. Hudson's reunion guests were safely on their way to dry cover in their bungalows before he left the gardens. A pair of last stragglers amongst the staff ran past him, shrieking and laughing, then were swallowed up by the darkness. John hunched his shoulders and shivered.
"Make it up with him," Mrs. Hudson murmured again as they waved their goodbyes and the plane pulled away from the landing.
Soothing hands on his shoulders. Calm, deep voice.
"Don't pretend you aren't impressed."
"Maybe you'll even meet someone special at the wedding," Mrs. Turner suggested, cajoling, like the reason John was alone and miserable was that he simply wasn't giving it the proper effort, when the truth was he simply wasn't good for much of anything these days. Or anyone.
Archie sneaked a conspiratorial grin up at Molly.
"No, er, no problem," John said a little unconvincingly. Okay, a lot unconvincingly. He was a little keyed up. Okay, a lot keyed up. It was his game show host debut, after all. And here was Sherlock, the bastard, looking so delighted John was glad he'd given in and gone onstage after all. And the whole thing had made John
Henry took a slow breath. "Sit."
Sherlock shambled around his desk as sullenly as he could and gave Mrs. Hudson a very, very long hug.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder.
"I don't have
"Soo Lin Yao." Sherlock intoned, bowing his head. "We are here this night to bid you: speak! Speak to this man who crosses sea and storm to seek you out in the great beyond. To find the one who
wish fulfilled."
"People are the pit." John nodded. He was starting to get a horrible, oh-god-I've-gone-wrong feeling in his stomach. The pit of it. "Okay, but…you're doing all this
Moaning.
melon," John offered. "I was properly intimidated until the stick fell over."
"I want a relationship
"That isn't the reason."
"Yeah," Andy murmured. "Yeah."
one. And this—" He looked up in surprise. "
stories today as well. And what…or rather, whom, was every single one of them about?"
"We don't really have staff meetings," Mycroft said.
John blinked a sort of sudden brightness out of his eyes, took a deep breath, and said, "Sherlock, I love you with the force of the entire sun." He knew he sounded a right soggy sap but he was
The bar was quiet, with only a few other groups of people talking in low voices at their respective tables. The breeze carried the scent of the ocean.
"Yeah? Cheers, mate!"
woman in the world is on
excited for the new client—he always was at the start of a new fantasy, and John always loved seeing it.
"This isn't relaxing."
Sherlock blinked again. Twice. "What sort of…fulfillment?"
"I'm dead. There's nothing you can do for me."
Henry nodded, and threaded his fingers through Lyons' until they touched fur. He smiled.
John was starting to notice that the more manipulative Sherlock was about to be, the more likely his sentences were to start with John's name. Just because it tended to
John blinked up at him. "What?"
He started with an easy one. "What are you doing here, James?"
"Yes?"
Janine fanned herself with her hand as the audience applause died down.
"Yes."
"What if I can't do it?" he whispered in the darkness.
"Like what?"
"I know what
tiny cannon," Sherlock gestured impatiently to the ship's child-friendly weaponry. "Nor am I—"
"I don't know the answer to your question," Sherlock snapped. "
my fantasy. By now a
"John." Sherlock turned his face towards the shadows. "It's always just a game."
"As I said. Boring." Sherlock brushed a fleck of absolutely nothing from the crease in his white trousers as his attention started to drift away from John.
Sherlock pointed. "And the slides, slicked. The diving board, for obvious reasons, is off limits."
John raised his eyebrows. "So you were…pleased with Sherlock's," he glanced cautiously at Mrs. Turner, "enhancements to the reception."
The plane's door banged open and a heavyset man with a ponytail and a full beard stepped out, looking uneasy.
"But you know what," Lestrade scowled, "actually, I'm
"Miss Hooper," Lestrade said, delighted, as Molly met them on the path that led toward the lagoon. "Are you on the same plane back as us?"
"Oh, don't be like that, let me see the rest. That's a
"True." John touched his tongue to the corner of his mouth and gave Sherlock a cheeky grin. "And happy to demonstrate them all. Even…" he looked back down at the list, "er, does that one say
"Yeah." Henry sighed. "It's that bad."
A man stepped out onto the dock, standing tall and stern. The morning light brought out the gold in his hair, as well.
there, for Christ's sake. My mates helped me hide her, take care of her, and I trained her up."
"Oh, he's already impressed, John. And rightly so."
. And you present me with this…this…" she gestured at Raz, at a loss for a word that sufficiently expressed her outrage.
"It's Will."
Lestrade had the grace at least to look away. "Fine. I'll listen."
pulled this fantasy together in record time, handling
"Dull," Sherlock repeated a little more crisply.
Sherlock's face went immediately soft, his eyes warm. "Hello, girl," he said quietly, and went down on one knee, smiling, to scruffle the fur of her neck. Ushi wagged harder and licked Sherlock's cheek.
"So now I'm a…a team of one, really, but I—oh." Molly straightened in her chair suddenly.
"Shh!" Sherlock ordered, scribbling away white-knuckled, head bent. He'd filled half a page already.
Halloween Special! A man wants revenge on the person who murdered the woman he loved. Guest starring: Andy Galbraith
"Hi, Janine," said a silky voice. John's eyebrows rose. "You sound
"It was
"I don't…it's not…"
"So," he pursed his lips, "you like dogs."
John grimaced. "Great. Kate?"
"Goodnight, John."
"Not at all."
John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Raz shuffled off obediently toward the gangplank with a suitcase in each arm.
John clenched his teeth. "I'm fine."
John rushed forward, away from Sherlock's side, to clasp the man's hand in both of his. "Oh, it's
"Her brother. Her brother the
"She likes you, Mr. Holmes," Lyons grinned, taking the leash back.
Feeling like, even for a short time, his focus was on
fool of himself over Sherlock. The partial fool he had made of himself was bad enough. He had since tried to maintain a pleasant, professional demeanor, not seeking out Sherlock's company except when some island business-related task was requested of him.
"I could go on, but I trust I've made my point. There is only one question I wish you to answer: What is your relationship with Sherlock Holmes?"
"Right. Everyone has their gifts," John offered drily.
John swallowed hard. He'd never said it out loud, or even inside his own head, but…yes. That was exactly how he felt working here. Except it wasn't the work itself, it was
"Mm," Sherlock hummed vague acknowledgment.
James Sholto. His friend, his might-have-been. John was still drawn to him. Still loved him.
matter."
"John."
gently, and he was really doing his best to be abrasive, damn the woman. "Is it the same with John as it was with Molly, Sherlock? Do you want him to leave?"
"You think
? How do
Andy slumped forward. His forehead thumped on the black-clothed tabletop, narrowly missing his half-empty tea.
Sherlock nodded.
Molly's face lit. Like Christmas morning.
. Go be sure."
"To make me feel so very good, Janine need only tell me what she wants." Kate's voice went a little breathless. "Exactly how she wants it. Her pleasure is my pleasure.
. How much family could the bloody woman actually have?
Molly was grinning at the two of them like they were a puppy on Christmas morning. Lestrade thought he was probably grinning back just as ridiculously.
"My." The man's eyebrows drifted up. "You're
"Yes, Fletcher?"
John squinted at him and said, very slowly, "You don't mean…"
"And this…this is what Paul and Ravi asked for?"
"It's certainly lively."
"Thank you all so very much for coming," Mrs. Hudson said in a rather tremulous voice from the stage John had directed the staff to set up in the main garden. "You all mean so much to me."
Andy reached for her, protective. "Is he here?"
"Yeah," John licked his lips. "I do. So what's James doing here?"
"Of course he is," Sherlock brushed the interruption aside. "I've already explained—I
"Unruly?! I simply asked to be left alone!"
"Mm, yes, a lubricant fountain," Sherlock provided.
John frowned curiously, looking up again at Sherlock just as Mrs. Hudson looked directly at the pair of them. "I've been so very happy here on Fantasy Island. So very happy, you must know. But it's time for me to move on. It's time for me to retire."
They walked to the lagoon hand-in-hand.
"Just a coffee," Sherlock sighed sadly as he shrugged into his jacket, but it was obvious theatricality. He
"No!" Janine laid the back of her hand dramatically over her brow. "I feel a bit flushed. I think I might be coming down with a little something this very moment!"
restless entities. But we are also very fortunate to have John Watson with us at this table tonight."
John didn't know either of the two grooms beyond Mrs. Turner's brief introduction when they'd boarded the plane. They were dissimilar men at first glance—Ravi, slender, shy, and spectacled, had a neat, professorial look about him while Paul in his torn jeans and faded Clash t-shirt was beefy, bearded, and boisterous—but they looked at one another with the same besotted gaze that left no question they were mad for one another.
"I had to come." Andy's voice quavered. His hands shook. Damn it, he was here to be
"John, I told you. The conductor doesn't—"
"Oh." John drew back at the sudden blaze of resentment in Sherlock's eyes. "I…do you need me…would you like me to come with you?"
"You're wrong."
"I…I don't know…" Henry stammered, utterly flustered. "Sit down?"
Strong hands held Henry's shoulders.
, Aunt Sissy, stop looking at me like that."
"So kind of you to invite
"I'm not
"Oh, and who do we have here?" Mrs. Hudson cooed, stepping out in front of Sherlock before he could deliver his customary welcome. She bent down to address their new guest.
"Spell what out?"
? You're the one who left. I know—I know you didn't want to! That's why I
about him.
Mrs. Hudson plucked her serviette from her lap and placed it firmly on the table. "If you two will excuse me," she said, pushing her chair back rather abruptly, "I have something to attend to."
Someone with a voice like low tide. Someone whose mouth looked soft as a breeze but whose eyes promised a maelstrom. Someone—
"Looking for someone to sacrifice to the volcano?"
"I believe you've already demonstrated your ability to subdue me, if that's a concern."
"It looks like you found the right combination," John smiled, ignoring her. He gave Ushi a friendly rub under the chin. "Hey, there, pretty girl. You have a good trip home. All of you," he said as he straightened.
"May I?" John nodded in the man's direction and grinned.
him," Archie chirped happily.
Raz tugged his shirt back into place, unfazed by the rough handling, and thrust out a hand to Radka. "'Ere, love."
"An absence of interruptions would be lovely." Sherlock scooped the fluffy white blanket and pillow off his chair and shoved them into her arms to take away.
about your thighs…"
"He wants to own a restaurant."
He held out the handle of Ushi's leash to Sherlock while he reached down to collect his bags. When Sherlock took it, Ushi turned toward him with a friendly head-tilt and made a pleased little
"Oh, John, isn't it all so beautiful," Mrs. Turner exclaimed, hand fluttering to her chest.
"I'm not the John Watson—"
It will need to fool
"No. You came here to escape London, where you are having difficulty fitting in and finding occupation after your release from the army, particularly as you were invalided out. You are not close enough with your family to turn to them for support. You are without friends as well, excepting Mrs. Turner, as you don't make friends easily and have left the few you had in…was it Afghanistan or Iraq?"
Sherlock's silvery gaze flicked up.
"Yeah," she sighed, "that's how I remember him."
"Well, no. Most of the people I work with are, er, dead actually. So medicine's not much help."
Sherlock frowned at the vase in his hand and lowered it slowly back to its spot on the entryway table. "Why aren't you with Sholto?"
"For being unable to fulfill your fantasy. It is the first time I have failed a client. And although I cannot pretend to be…regretful…on this particular occasion for…personal reasons, I nevertheless believe I do owe you an apology as your host."
-It was a very interesting evening. The girls were very smart and capable. The dolls were transformed. Cleanup was shared by all. SH
Sherlock regaled John with another epic eye roll and crossed his arms, but remained seated.
by the extraordinary
Downstairs again, Sherlock showed John the kitchen, double sinks, and bigger island in the middle, with four stools around it. They had a double refrigerator now. The shelves were big, and there were some portable step ladders to help smaller people reach the higher ones. The stove was also bigger and had an oven.
“I thought you were going to go see Sarah. Isn’t that why you did that…” he again drove his finger around his mouth “...and what you are dressed up for?”
“Of course not! It had to be me! I had to do all the serious parenting! Signing her papers, coming to school shite, taking her on bloody playdates. Paying the bills, building saving accounts, getting insurance.  Oh you were always good for entertaining her! Doing messy experiments and teaching her foreign languages she doesn’t even need! Anything serious, or grown up I had to do anyway, because Mr International Fame is so above it all! Did you really even want to be on that bloody paper, or is it just an excuse to get off at me?!!” John stood at attention, fists clenched at his sides, his face a portrait of fury.
Her voice as stern as John had ever heard it, Mrs. Hudson said; “John. You took the child away without a word. His biggest fear. You have some nerve now asking after him. He is at Mycroft’s working on a case for him. I hope you will let Rosie contact him and go to him come the day.”
“Don’t you think he would bury us in a dungeon for something like that?” John asked, smiling.
John was working at Barts as the Veteran’s Program site director. He was enjoying the setting up of the program and the assembling of the teams and locations needed to keep the program growing. He was already thinking though, that once the program was running and functional, he could cut back his hours to participating doctor, or make up his own position as consulting administrator, so he could have more family hours. The lessons learned were clearly present in his brain. More communication, more attention and more affection. That both he and Sherlock were determined that this new relationship would work made all the difference in the world.
As have you dear readers, kudo givers, commentors, interaction with you lights up my days! Thanks for reading along, suffering with Sherlock, cheering Rosie on, having faith in John! Good things are coming! Time to enjoy them!
“No new cases. No leg work. He does send in computer work, sometimes returns calls. I did have him come in to sign some of the paperwork, not that it was easy, the bastard. Came in, huffing about, in a great big hurry.” Donovan said with a smirk.
“Mmh, it would have never worked out with him. I wanted to ask you, will you two be going to Nice with the parents and Harry and Meghan? Mum is insisting I accompany them with Rosalie.”
“Oh! I see now, Coach Reids! You want me to apologize to you for the loss of your lover’s job! Are you helping her with the bills, now that she is working for less pay? Is your wife starting to notice? Do you feel like you are finally going to have to choose between them?”
*********
John said, “Can’t be 221B this time.”
John was not liking this, and dreading the feelings building up in his body. The anxiety, the hollow feeling in his gut. “Did he say what the hurry was about?”
“John, people will definitely talk now” said Sherlock, with mock horror. “I certainly hope they do!” John said loudly, “I want everyone to know we belong to one another.” and grabbed Sherlock’s hand, not letting it go.
Sherlock sent the recorded interviews to Donovan, who told him she would send Stewart to move the scientist to a secure location and retrieve the information, while she readied a team for action. Sherlock replied he was fine with it. Stewart arrived quickly and eagerly took over the memory stick and the scientist. Billy was happy, Sherlock was glowing. John was.... surprised.
“Come back to the flat with us? Of course. Do you need the cab to wait for a while?’ Sherlock nodded yes, John told the cabbie. Mrs H just turned around to say good night, as Rosie was down for the count. Sherlock opened the doors for her, saw her to her flat.
She tugged on John’s hand, “I see the birthday boy! You have to wish him a happy Birthday, John! And Sherlock. You promised to climb that wall with me!”
Sherlock looked perplexed. He was also shaking his hand against his leg. “I don’t know if he would accept, but I can ask. As to making a friend, does the mother of one of Rosie’s classmates count? We spent time together while the girls did a project. We do happen do share some experiences.”
John didn’t say anything, just looked up at him, beaming. They got to 221B.
“Would you go back and live there, though? After living here?” That was Mel, who really wanted to travel .
Meghan loved to see how Harry changed in London. She stood up straighter, she dressed sharper, she took time with her makeup. Having grown up in the leisurely, expansive state of Missouri in the USA, the tight packed, overactive, exciting city of London, held definite allure for her.
“It’s… I’m not good at knowing what John is truly feeling. I don’t know what he really wants from me. I only very recently started accepting we are truly broken up. I had my exercise, I changed my hair, I went to clubs to dance…”
“He’s happy, John. You look pretty good yourself.”
“Take your hands off of me!!” yelled an indignant Sherlock “What are you on about?”
Sherlock lay his chest over his back and lightly kissed his shoulders. “Oh my god, Sherlock, that is ama- aghh!” John shivered, and Sherlock, kissed his back, as he grabbed his arse, breathing accelerated. He turned John around and kissed him passionately, going down his neck, sucking at his nipples, and John had to work at not being loud enough to wake Rosie.
Harris came to them. “The gentleman on the bench is ready for you, Dr. Watson…” John left to talk with the man, a retired Lieutenant. The man was obviously loyal to his disappeared friend, and reluctant to explain what he knew. After some conversation, John told him about his work with veterans, and his struggles with the system to get them into dignified housing and medical care, LT. Vasquez confessed to John, he had kept the victims belongings, which included some art, and some clothes. He agreed to take them to where he found them. Vasquez took them to ‘his place’, taking only John underground with him at the tube station, and visiting a small, discrete hidey hole, where he took out a tshirt, some foreign coins, a picture and some loose paper.
John sprang awoke to the sound of his own arousal. “Shit...” he mumbled, his bed sheets clinging to him stickily. Sherlock had undoubtedly heard him, and… Oh. Sherlock. He wondered briefly if he could keep a straight face long enough to duck out to the cleaners.
“Why don’t we discuss it tomorrow?” Sherlock released his grip on John’s neck, reaching down to retrieve his bathrobe. With it, he wiped them both clean before tossing it over the edge of the bed. “I’ll see you in the morning—” he said as he began to rise.
“Open.” The command sent shivers down John’s spine. Sherlock’s voice was deeply resonant, an edge to his words as if challenging John to disobey him. John’s lips parted, and Sherlock slid his fingers along his tongue, gathering the wetness. His hand dipping down between their bodies, Sherlock’s slick fingers encircled John’s cock.
He snapped into full wakefulness at the expression there. Filled with the same predatory hunger as the day before, they glittered icily in the dim light, calculating, assessing. Sherlock seemed to be trying to peer between the cracks of him, to hone in on something he couldn’t quite get to. John wanted to protest, wanted to shove Sherlock away, to maintain the oh-so-precarious self-control he had managed up to this point, the protective armor he had worked so hard to construct.
When Sherlock met Greg in the waiting room, he was surprised to be cautiously hopeful.
“Almost everything. Mike and I grew up in Winchester though, not in Edinburgh.”
“Oh God!! Sherlock!! “ protested Greg.
“Alright? Of courth! Of course I’m aright…” he said, his words slurring.”... I b'lieve the pro-priate term for my current condition would be plastered, or legleth. Maybe “under the table”? Nope I remembered! “Shitfathed drunk’” He giggled again. “No worries Doctor, I’ll just kip right here.”
Bill told Sherlock he had reserved a room at a hotel, and would take Molly for a drink at the bar.
Sherlock worked in earnest, hands on Luther’s belly, his arse, his legs. This is Luther, his huge cock in Sherlock’s mouth. He concentrated on it, holding with one hand, paying attention to the tip, wet with precome, alternating licking the length from bottom to tip, with sucking as much as he could take in, holding the base with his hand, while wetting the other to cup his bollocks, and rub his rim. Luther started panting in earnest. Giving him a last, lingering suck, he disengaged and pulled Luther’s stuff up. He sashayed through the sliding doors and towards the room.
********
Sherlock gave John a slight smirk and a shoulder shrug. “Better listen to her John. She was never going to let me drive anyway. Who would do the investigating? We are the soldiers and she is the General here. If you want to play, you do it her way.” The berk actually smiled at her.
“Watson is ... mine, too... loves me. She is... my girl....can’t...replace...no.”
The songs that have sung this story to me are available on it's playlist
“You were a kid, Sherlock, I hated that you lived on the streets. Yeah, I used to take you in.”
John looked inside, his heart picking up speed, a smile spreading on his face. The flat looked enormous. There was the sitting room, the evidence wall, now peppered with Rosie’s schedules, pictures, and projects due. There was the fireplace, and his dear red armchair, and Sherlock’s across from it, as if he had never left. There was their sofa and the telly.
John looked pointedly at Sherlock’s arms. “So you are the only Consulting Detective? In the world? Isn’t it lonely?”
“As always, I will be happy with whatever makes you happy. Now I would kindly appreciate you leave me alone to do my research.” Brave words, but Sherlock had not been prepared for the utter devastation he had felt when John took his word and his little girl and left. The joint custody had been the only thing that had allowed him to function.
“None of that. I just thought you wanted to pace and fret and would not like me in your room if you were not in it.”
“Where did this come from Watson? I am your father by adoption and because I helped your dad raise you. John and I, we- we are sorting things out.” Rosie told him about the conversation at Nyla’s
John’s eyes had looked haunted that afternoon at Bart.
Sherlock tried to keep up by kissing John back and cupping his bollocks. John finished rubbing his beard on Sherlock’s legs, then went directly to his cock. He started by kissing the tip of Sherlock’s long, straight erection. He used a hand to cover the cock’s base, the other to tease his nipples. John teased him putting the head of his cock in his mouth and sucking hard, then taking in more and more as Sherlock panted, and groaned,  arching up into John’s hot, tight lips. John gave him a lick from bottom to head and took his mouth away, rubbing Sherlock’s cock and groin area with the beard until he felt the younger man’s legs tremble; “Stop!! Stop John!! Not yet!”
He asked to speak to Rosie’s friends, usually open and friendly. Today, they were wary of him, and Nyla burst into tears, almost immediately. "Here comes the Big Fuss.” At that, Sherlock looked into the calmer face of Stamford’s youngest and raised an eyebrow. Pepsi took a deep breath.
-Yes. SH
“Oh! Still like your doctors clean shaved? I’ll probably just cut it off to go back to work next week.” John said, though he was grinning.
-Yes! You’re right. It did make a nice crunching sound. Sherlock, I’m sorry I didn't tell you.
Sherlock stepped in the enormous shower with him. His face serious, his cock half hard. John could not stop smiling, he was painfully hard, mind addled with lust. He immediately tried to pull Sherlock into an embrace, but he said, “John, let's savor this night” and John stopped himself. “Not here. I have other ideas.”
Now there was another note, and like the first one, there were no words on the envelope. The inside had letters cut out from magazines. From sweetie advertisements. This one said “Your father hasn’t told you the truth about your mum. You care to find out why he lied?” The notes weren’t threatening. Nobody was saying they would hurt her or her dads, but they made her feel sick to her stomach with worry. She wondered why it had never occurred to her to look her mum up on Google. She would do it next time she had library time. She couldn’t do it at either home. Sherlock would know immediately.
-Where are you? Went by Baker and then the Yard, and no Consulting Detective.
To Sherlock’s surprise, things went spectacularly. They ordered fish and chips, and got dinner out of the way. Then everybody helped setting up the experiments. They consisted of what worked best to curl, straighten or color dolls’ hair. Nyla had an excess of “My London Girl” dolls that were ready for giving away, so they had picked some for the experiment.
********
To my readers and commentors and those who left kudos or took a look, know that you have made this writing and posting experience 100% better for sharing this story with me. Also a special thanks to Johix for the beautiful art! Thank you all!!
“Three days, Sherlock!! You disappeared for three bloody days, without one bit of consideration for Rosie, for me! I was going crazy without knowing where the fuck you were, if you were kidnapped, hurt, dead!! Donovan didn’t even know about the case!! I know you’re a selfish, egocentric bastard, but I can’t do this anymore! I have a daughter to consider! And she comes first!!” John was standing stiff, fists clenched, face red, raving mad.
Sherlock sighed; “eating, sleeping, bathing, doing the shopping, paying the bills, doing the laundry and the dishes. All those boring things.”
A year or so after the incident, Sherlock started to show a budding interest in solving crime, the first opportunity coming in the form of the drowning of one Carl Powers, Sherlock was adamant he had been murdered, as his shoes never appeared. Mycroft had not investigated the occurrence, as at the time he was at Cambridge. Little brother managed to alert the authorities in school and in the town to his suspicions.
After a while of this, they went to the living room and Sherlock realized her bag had a six pack of ginger beer and a carton of cigarettes, those exquisite, italian biscuits dipped in chocolate, and enough food to take them through a week.
********
“Hello? Oh. Mr.Wiggins. Yes, this is she. Really? And how would you know that? Well yes, as a matter of fact, I was. Two years in a row, yes. Interesting, Mr. Wiggins and thank you. Yes, of course he is. Very well, then. Yes, yes. Goodbye.” Molly had a little color in her cheeks. “He was at both conferences where they gave me the teaching awards.” She said almost to herself. “He congratulated me and said he heard my speech the first year, told his girlfriend he was proud to know me.”
“Yes, I guess there is. I still want to Mike, but I know I can’t.”
John takes advantage of a Rosie free morning to surprise Sherlock...who has plans. Boxing instead of cycling does not work out, but does clear the air a bit. As does the conversation John has with Mrs Hudson.  She did get a chance to see John's art work for the first time. Mycroft and Sherlock have a conversation that goes quite well for a change. Maybe due to the cake.  The Watsons are in town! Harry and Meghan have come for Rosie's End Of Year Show! The dinner may have been a bust, but Sherlock knows a side of Harry that few others do. Ginger beer and cigarettes help Consulting Detectives open up.
Brought back to his senses, he disengaged, stepped back and put his palms up when John stepped towards him. John then saw Harris, turned around and walked towards the suspect. Sherlock turned away from Harris and feigned a cough attack, wishing desperately for his Belstaff, heat notwithstanding, to help him cover up the state John had left him in. Then he took a step towards the EMS car that had arrived and felt the pain in his foot. Looking down, the mangled state of his shoe turned his stomach. His right foot. The world tilted a little.
He continued, “Granted, their road to this altar has been a roller coaster, but they are here today, thanks to the strength and the dedication of their love and devotion for each other. So now, to the mortification of my friend Sherlock, I will proceed with the full and even elongated ceremony. Starting with the rights and privileges of marriage. You have the right to be happy and content, after all the sacrifices you have made for one another. You have the right to continue to fight together against crime and injustice. You have the right to be each other’s home and comfort. You have the privilege of having each other to have and to hold, even after a time out, a recess, a recoup. Now you are stronger and have each proven yourself to the other. It is my pleasure to have introduced you and a true privilege to marry you. At this time the older, shorter groom has asked for a minute to speak, so everyone take one to stretch before he gets started as people his age tend to go on and on”
Now, Sherlock was curled up in the small couch, pretending to watch reruns of the The Great British Bake Off, from the time it still had Sue Perkins on, but he wasn’t commenting on any of it. John gave him his tea cup, and sat next to him, promptly getting an armful of Sherlock, his soft curls settling in the space between his shoulder and his neck. John put down his cup, made circles on his chest with one hand, kissed the curls, carded them with the other hand. He thought Sherlock had fallen asleep, but he turned around and asked “bed?”
It's a lovely reunion story with a novel approach and a very satisfying resolution!
Sherlock looked at her in rather stunned silence.
“Oh thank goodness. That woman better outlive me.” Sherlock said. John smiled. “Last time I was at hers, she shared she was upset with her doctor, because he didn’t want to send her any pain medication for her hip. I’ve seen her latest tests. She is a healthy old girl, love.”
Now John sincerely exclaimed; “Amazing, Sherlock!”
“John,” Sherlock bent to kiss his jaw, his neck, to sniff his hair. They stepped out of shoes and trousers and got on the bed, Sherlock failing to grasp on to John, who stopped to rid them both of socks, as Sherlock laughed. John always liked to feel his feet, cold as they were. Sherlock stood and lifted the covers, getting in the bed, going to his side. This time, he was ready. This time, he kissed John as he got in, and pulled him towards his body. This time, when John kissed him, his neck, his chest, Sherlock said “Yes”, he said “more”, he hummed at John’s lips, at his touch. “God, I want to do everything with you,” said John, releasing the nipple he was teasing.
“I’m a GP.” (hmm, not the whole truth) “I came to the conference for my hospital in Colombia, but I’ve heard all of it before. I really came to check out England. I want to live in a country that speaks proper English for a change.”
“Yes. The landlady owes me a favor.”
“Shh Little Bee, everything is fine now. You were in no way responsible for what happened today. In no way. And if it was a dirty thing for the perpetrators to do, they are the filth, not you. They are in jail now. At Donovan’s tender mercy.”
John looked at his little family, as they were in a cab back home. Mrs Hudson talking animatedly with the cab driver, about ‘herbal’ alternatives to pills for hip problems, the cabbie, responding to her perkily. Rosie, fast asleep, head on his lap, feet on Sherlock’s, his guy sitting so quietly, wide awake, looking out, with his elbow on the window, his fingers bothering his lower lip. As they got near 221, he turned to John “Could I …? John could I …”
These two talented people have been my support and positive force to continue posting this story.
“I wonder, would you like to dance? Here?” Hal gave him a once over. Sherlock looked at him, then looked out at the dance floor. Lestrade was trying to catch his eye, and when he did, he sternly moved his head “No!”
John took a seat next to Sherlock and barely succeeded to not roll his eyes at her.
“Yeah. She said; ’Don’t mess this up.’”
“Harriet brought something to my attention; a significant misunderstanding. “Hearts for Africa” was the organization James Sholto worked for. And yes I did communicate with him but…”
A huge carton cake was brought out and a prim and proper young red headed man with a tuxedo and a slick black umbrella came out of it. John looked up and saw Sherlock’s delighted smirk. Was the boy a take on...no.
“Is this what I am now? That’s… interesting.”
Sherlock focused on John’s eyes, laser like. “Girlfriends… not really my area.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. Sally insisted “and you look like a strong wind could whisk you away.”
“I rather, you just say ‘wife’ as she will be so again very soon. We were talking about our honeymoon, our sex-holiday,” said Luther, handing her a drink, as she slapped his shoulder. “Hello John. Congratulations on your renewed relationship.” the woman said.
Any other texts remained ignored.
“Then you shouldn’t mind saying it.”
********
Check out  "Come be my April Fool"
“Maybe she would reconsider moving back to the States, for instance…”
Sherlock’s face was soft with concern. “You should have said, John. I would have taken some kind of action. In fact, I will.”
“If you can stop, just like that, why were you in the streets?”
“A consulting detective. I solve the cases when the police are out of their depth.”
Please god.
“If this is a trick to try to get me to approve your efforts at wooing my brother, you honestly don’t need to. You...are like a ...brother to me already...Gabe? I hope you know that.”
He was a bit upset, therefore, when he came back to his flat, takeout in hand and celebratory ginger beer, to find a man in there with Sherlock. A tall bloke, well taller than him, shorter than Sherlock, silver hair, friendly brown eyes, and a smirk, when Sherlock said, “Ah, John! I was starting to worry you had gotten lost again.” Then proceeded to go back to looking at whatever the bloke had brought for him.
on YouTube.
Come to Baker Street immediately.
“This is Collin Morton.” John beamed.
“You are endlessly full of surprises, John.” Sherlock seemed in awe.
“I’m trembling in my britches thinking about what the good doctor will do to me!” Sherlock said with a snarl.
“Does he know about what you went through at that time?”
“Can’t move…”
Sherlock returned the smile, looking absolutely happy. John heard laughter, squeaks, Sherlock’s voice, reading or reciting something, then… nothing. He made himself some tea. Wrote an entry in his journal. Made a rough sketch of Rosie singing on the stage. He thought of a full painting of Sherlock and Rosalie looking at each other while holding hands at Angelo’s when Mycroft introduced them. He went to check on them. Sherlock had changed into John’s old sleeping clothes. They were asleep in bed, Rosie in Sherlock’s arms, holding on to his vest. Too bad the bed wasn’t big enough for him to slip in. This, however, was their night. He went back to the sofa.
He couldn’t drive home. He just couldn’t drive back to the empty, horrid, flat right now. He called Molly and asked her out for the pizza Rosie wanted. She accepted, and they went to the little restaurant close to Barts. John didn’t eat more than a slice, but did have two drinks from the bar. Afterwards, they went to Molly’s. Rosie played with Toby, while John told Molly about the party and about Luther. As Molly told him she had heard something about Sherlock’s boyfriend from Allen, who in turn had heard about it eavesdropping on Donovan, John got up, got the bottle of whisky Molly kept at her small liquor cabinet, ice and two glasses, poured drinks out.
“Watson!! Your hair!!” He touched the curling tips of her very short hair. “It suits you well.’
“I’ll follow clues. I’m good at that.” Nyla was certain.
came along and she suggested we share stories and post them on AO3. Since then I have had the privilege of knowing and working with this marvelous person, and talented author. Both ladies have been friends beyond fandom, lifting my spirits and saving my life during life changing times. To both of you, my eternal gratitude ladies. I aspire to be the friend to each of you that you are to me.
Sherlock smiled. “Well, there’s always something.”
Sherlock put that little smirk back on; “Insinuate? Lizbeth is not the first person to believe I’ve slept with a woman. John, I have never said ‘I’m not gay’ Instead, I have stated, ‘Girlfriends... No, not really my area.’ I’m not responsible for what other people think, nor for soothing the frayed edges of their imagination.”
Sherlock was distracted by looking at John’s face, trying to process how John calling him ‘love’ put their most recent interactions to the forefront, as the paramedic looked at the foot. “Move your toes, sir, please.” He did, sinking his nails in John’s arm. The EMT checked the sole of the foot, the ankle and the heel.
The story that set the bar for the Sherlock and Donovan relationship is Chryse’s “Another Country”
“John, there may be a time when we must separate, when I must go on a mission to eliminate his threat. It will be vital that you remain here, safe under Mycroft’s protection.”
John cleared his throat. “I just thought that it’s not like him to…”
*********
most important person in his life. The chats they had, late night or over dinner, he hadn’t had the likes of with anyone else. The things he had shared, the things Sherlock had shared with him, John had certainly never shared with any of his girlfriends. Friendship? Definitely.  Affair of the heart? The heart? Sherlock had told him he was not into women, so yeah, he was gay. But John? Three Continents?
“We had agreed on it though! I did think I saw something when James came to visit, but he had just had a spectacular breakup, and I didn’t have the heart to tell him about Sherlock and me.”
“I’m starving! When did we last eat,  Wiggins?” Sherlock looked exactly as John remembered post case, hunger included, John thought.
“So, what was the best about the States?” asked Pepsi.
“Did he offer you money to spy on me?” Sherlock asked.
“Try? It’s not that hard, you git. We can find lots of things to talk about.” said John, making his voice sound light.
“John, I didn’t know that it was that bad. I should have asked her about …”
-I threw them out. They were stained and old and barely fit her.
Once in bed, Sherlock put his head on John’s chest, obviously settling in for a sleepless night.
“Very well then. It was 11 months after he came back to live here. After therapy, and anger management. I had been clean a year, and Watson was getting close to her third birthday.  One evening after I put her to bed, John came home from a long shift. He sat on the sofa, me in my chair. I got up and made us tea. I fought with the telly until John turned it off abruptly…
John giggled as they got in the cab. “No cards, Sherlock. You do realize I didn’t know you were calling. The phone wasn’t registering your number. Had I known, I would have answered.” Sherlock just looked out the window. When they got back to the flat, he went into the bathroom and came out in some of his own pajamas and a blue robe that looked as if it were made of silk. He proceeded to the couch, and curled up facing it’s back in a sulk.
“Right here.” John hugged him, not caring that he wasn’t tall enough to be big spoon.
A loving thank you to the beautiful people that continue to come back for more and comment and message and just carry on conversations. You mean the world to me, and keep me going. Thanks for the ideas!
Sherlock was grateful for Mrs Hudson’s presence, but as the day progressed, he couldn’t help getting nervous. He wanted John, how was he supposed to go through with this? He should just go out there and find John and tell him he couldn’t do this...
to her series "The Ballads of John and Sherlock" to
Tonight, I want to honor one person who is everything to me. See, my father, John, shared his genes with me. We are forever together. He knows what he means to me.  My papa, Sherlock. He has had such a hard time…,” her voice started to crack, but she breathed and got through it. “...I want to let him know just what I feel for him. So I am singing to you Sherlock. Because I love you so very much.”
“John call ahead to a place will you? I have to call someone. Where do you want to go?”
“Well, I did know of you. Your husband obviously loves you very much. We talked about our loves. John, please do finish coming in.”
“Given. Given name. This is my real one. Really John, who names their daughter ‘Rosamund Mary? And I want to add Sherlock’s last name next to yours!”
-John. Couples in long term relationships or  marriages may separate or divorce. Separate is like a break, and divorced is broken up, parted ways permanently. Like we are. SH
It had taken Harry’s harsh talking to, for him to begin to see things from Sherlock’s perspective. James had been abroad for a long time, in a relationship for almost 8 years, and had a terrible fall out. His return to England had been because of it. Sholto had contacted John and sounded and looked so sad, John hadn’t had the heart to tell him about Sherlock and him. As Harry had said, he could see so clearly now just how much of an idiot he had been. Sherlock had always been very jealous of Sholto. John thought of how he would have felt, if Sherlock had told Irene Adler they were “just friends” if she came around to visit him. Sherlock would have never done that, though. *When his old lover, from the time he was away, Adrian, came from South America to London with his British husband and paid a visit, Sherlock had introduced John as “my life partner” and held his hand and made sure he sat next and very close to John. On the outings they had with what had actually been a lovely couple, Adrian’s husband, Tom, had been very cautious around Sherlock initially, obviously jealous, but he had relaxed once he saw Sherlock and John together. Come to think of it, John could trace Sherlock’s increasing obsession with work back to Sholto’s visit.
“No, it’s alright. Where are we going?”
“Mr. Wiggins, I know good ways and bad ways to tie a person up. I’ve always been an excellent student and an autodidact.” Molly stated with a smirk.
Stranger eating at the table with his Sherlock and making him laugh? Not on!! He approached quietly and overheard the conversation:
“To get my things. I’m sober now. I’ll go home.” Sherlock said, not looking at John.
on YouTube.
“Well then, Dr Hooper, I will go anywhere you want me to, and you can show me these good and bad ways you have learned and taught yourself.” They kissed, and soon, Molly was throwing the cats out of the room and closing the door.
He got a call, the number of his elderly neighbor from the first floor flashing on his screen.
John had started the texting, technically. He wanted to come on this trip, so he had texted  Sherlock to see if he minded having Rosie an extra day. He said he didn’t. Apparently, that had been an invitation for him to text John  with random information. Like in the old times, when he was with Mary and Sherlock’s texts were a lifeline. Ten minutes later…
“I was scared, and lonely. You were kind and quite handsome. I felt very attracted to you and threw myself at you one night…”
-Who’s Greg’s best man. Do you know?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ever since we decided to build a new relationship, I have wanted to have a rendezvous with you in a public place. This was even better.” Sherlock said, with a smile.
*********
As always, find the music for this story at the
John looked confused. “Sherlock? What is going on?” His detective was walking around in front of Lizbeth, wearing his annoying, knowing, smirk.
“Your sister carries on about the most boring topics in the most tedious of ways. The ginger beer, however, is top quality.”
”) He noticed the bathroom shelves only contained Sherlock’s things, nothing else. He looked back at the bedroom and saw dust, the bed undisturbed, the closets almost empty. Sherlock saw him noticing. “I couldn’t sleep here, after- you left. I sleep in the daybed in the library."
Luther smiled. “Baby, you are beautiful, brilliant and to top it off, damn funny. Don’t forget that. I know what’s going on, and tell you what. I’m going back home soon, right after some stops in France and Spain. I’ll keep in touch, OK? If you’re ever ready for another go, we’ll explore the possibilities, alright?”
“Who says I grew up without him? I saw my Pop all the time and had sleepovers at his. I was with him when we went to America. We skype all the time. I also have two grandpas, and three uncles on mum’s side.”
John stood there, his cock apparently very interested in Sherlock’s voice and words, in the middle of nowhere, his husband and he alone. “You prick! You know very well what you’re doing to me! Now I want to go back to the lodge Right. Now!’ Come on, we are walking!”
was one of the first fandom stories I read. It's "intimate" scenes are magical indeed, the story, as all of the ones by this talented Author, fantastic!
********
“I’ll be the spy!” Pepsi nodded.
“That’s Detective Inspector Donovan to you, Dr Watson, and neither of you have been active MI5 in years. Furthermore, this is my division, my investigation. You can follow directions and stay, or choose not to participate. I will try to go on without you.” As she spoke, Donovan stood tall, smirk on her face.
“Fair enough. I believe the worst of it is the beginning. We will have to talk about the most recent history, what brought you to this point. I will ask you Sherlock. Is there anyone who you think of when you choose not to overdose? Someone that leads you to come to me instead?” Dr. Quentin asked gently.
“No, moving out present. My neighbors are moving to Canada. They’re leaving all non-essentials behind. The helmet is new.” Said John seeing some tension leave Sherlock’s expression at the news he wouldn’t have to wear a helmet that had belonged to someone else. To John’s surprise, Sherlock knew to check the gears, the breaks and the chain before he got on.
“But you two are doing ok, right? Back together?” Greg wanted to know
John decided to give dating another try. Something about hearing that Sherlock looked great had made him want to dress up and go out. He had made up his mind to only date women. No man could compare to Sherlock.
Luther pulled Sherlock into his arms and hugged him, kissing him on the cheek gently, as Sherlock averted his face just in time. Sherlock knew he flushed deeply and was a little dazed when Luther let go. Oh god. John looked petrified. Not good. The two only men Sherlock had slept with in ten years were both here, right next to him.
He decided to leave Bart, even though he hadn’t finished his experiment. As he started to go home, he had an idea. He decided to check something first;
“Oh. You didn’t send any questions, mostly just descriptions of your patients’ cases I thought answers were unnecessary. “
“I think this was the best ever. That was wonderful.”
Because I love it and have just finished rereading it, yet again,  this week's fic is
When Sherlock was able to focus again, John found him staring at him unbelieving. “John you did that. I never believed…”
“Was it… was it the sex Sherlock? You weren’t ready? Because we don’t have…” John stammered
“Lestrade, do you remember why I don’t ever call you by your first name?" asked Sherlock as he sat in the armchair, looking up at him with a small grin and sparkling eyes.
“I understand it is not hard for you. It’s not so easy...for me...to be. You were much more than a friend. I try not to think that way, I have trouble...looking at you as a friend. Mike is a friend. Lestrade is a friend. You...were more."
“Mary Watson was a persona she put on. I confess I almost liked her when met her, even given the circumstances. I knew there was more than what she wanted to let on when John was taken and put in the Guy Fawkes fire. I deduced her gaslighting and emotionally abusive tendencies from her actions, as the wedding drew near. I was, however, completely unprepared for her to shoot me.” They talked about the aftermath, Magnussen and A.J.
Rosie and Pepsi came into view, and Sherlock joined John hurriedly dressed in pajamas and a robe.
Mycroft in pajamas. Flannels and slippers. Furrowed brow, tense lower eyelids, mouth halfway open, tense.
The woman did not seem flustered about any of it, “Tell me one thing, though, Detective. Why? Why did you take it upon yourself to raise the little bastard knowing her mother was an evil mastermind? The woman shot you. She hated you. Her daughter has her DNA. You better watch out; the little bitch might murder you in your sleep.” She laughed.
Their dining table was relocated to a proper dining room, with a proper table and chairs. John remembered Sherlock annoying him to pick the fabric that he preferred “for a case”. There was a tall, wooden cabinet displaying a posh tea set and plate servings that looked like the ones the Holmes had in Sussex.
, he reasoned. But Sherlock was there, one knee between his legs, hands pressed into the mattress on either side of his head. John met his eyes.
Sherlock
“Well,” Sherlock rumbled, his gaze leaving John’s as he brushed his lips against the shell of John’s ear. “I found that quite enlightening. I wonder, is this a passing fascination for you? Or have I been correct in my assessment of your behavior the last few months?”
Sherlock glanced down at their chests, pressed tightly together in the near-blackness. The fingers gripped tightly to John’s hip sprung open. John opened his mouth to launch his defense, gathering himself to insist that he had done what he thought best as a medical professional—
Wide eyed, staring into the darkness at the wall above him, John made a decision. If this was Sherlock’s idea of a practical joke, or a way to kill boredom, fine. He would take it. He would selfishly indulge in what he had so desperately, pathetically been craving, and when Sherlock grew bored, perhaps he would have gotten this out of his system.
John blinked. The thought that Sherlock wanted a fraction of what he did was something that had yet to really occur to John. None of his imaginings had accounted for this. He suddenly felt very vulnerable, trapped beneath Sherlock’s penetrating gaze.
“Alright.” He followed as Sherlock turned and left the apartment without a word. They wound down the four flights of stairs, John struggling to keep up. They emerged blinking into the bright light of midday, Sherlock pausing at the street level door to wait for John. With John once more behind him, he walked briskly down the sidewalk and made a sharp right at the corner of the building, heading down a narrow alley.
The memory of the dream itself was too much. John shook his head, cleared his throat. He pulled himself resolutely upright in the sloped plastic of the chair. He had survived one war in his life already. He was not about to lose another.
And did John really want to change how things were anyway? His stomach churned at the idea of pushing away his best friend—more than that, someone who had become his platonic life-partner, really. Not to mention he would no longer be able to work the cases he had begun to so enjoy. The thrill of hunting down the solution to the mysteries, with Sherlock beside him, was not something he was ready to live without. What would he be then? He would live an ordinary life with ordinary people to talk to. Hell, he might even end up married to an ordinary woman with whom he would watch ordinary television and raise a brood of equally ordinary children— He shuddered slightly. He had no desire to cut out his source of all interest and excitement for life.
through John. His breath hitched, and he could have sworn that just for an instant, Sherlock lingered. He knew the man’s balance was better than that. Right? He could have pulled away as soon as the slightest contact was made. Of course, a heartbeat later Sherlock was rigidly upright and mumbling an apology for his clumsiness, but the flush was still hot on John’s neck.
"Mm. I think you will. With time."
joke again about Sherlock being a glorified party planner.
"Fine." Archie sighed, all shoulders and drama, then brightened. "Can I go find Molly?"
"No, I'm not bored. I'm watching people."
"It was really
Sherlock put his pen down and frowned. "It means sexual activity that takes place under a waterfall."
? Did being noble always make people feel like they wanted to throw everything they owned across the room just to see it
Sholto leaned back with a little
"I guess I am," Molly smiled back. "All us Londoners together. And it's Molly."
Sherlock frowned. "Yes. You wanted to find out—"
"Yes, fine. This particular fantasy did technically involve a party."
have been the host."
The trainer shook his head. "That's on me, Henry. That was all on me. I hadn't realized…it was that bad."
"Understand what? I haven't said anything yet."
"Yes. Well done. Correct on all counts. And ta very much for that display of skill, but it really wasn't necessary." John leaned in and lowered his voice. His face had gone tight during Sherlock's speech. "I was actually already impressed by what you can do."
"Yeah?" John twisted a little, looking himself over. "Not too…I don't know…waiter? Cruise director?"
"She said
doing?"
," she murmured.
to come," he said again, more firmly.
be joking."
"Make everyone I know screamingly envious that the most beautiful, intelligent,
"Wow," the man breathed. He smiled and wrapped his arms around Mycroft and
can't do it."
aren't getting anywhere near Sherlock Holmes."
The music, a sort of hip-hop/island fusion, heavy on the throbbing drums, was louder as John emerged from the tree-covered pathway to the reception area. Multi-colored lights were strung amongst the trees and torchlight flickered closer to the ground, but the grounds were almost empty of people, except for—John smirked—a fair number of athletic-looking men and women with two-way radios and staff shirts patrolling the perimeters.
way. Do you?"
She stepped down off her dais, and her breast was no longer bloody and her skin was no longer white. The palm she pressed to his cheek was gentle. "I'm sorry," she said again. "That was cruel and I'm sorry. I was afraid."
he knows that."
"I'm not!"
"In 'ere, miss," echoed from inside.
"Are you getting anything yet, Mr. Holmes?"
, John had begun to think, those times when their warm and smiling looks at one another lingered just a bit longer than could be considered
"Don't leave me," John whispered.
Radka frowned. She should turn on her heel this very moment and walk away from this absurd farce. But there was something…that cocky look. He wasn't afraid of her, and a young man like him absolutely
"I did try to get in touch," John said quietly. The skin of the left side of Sholto's face, his neck, his hand, was thickened with burn scars. "After."
Wasn't doing the right thing meant to feel
"It's exquisite," she breathed. Her eyes were caught by the figure of a woman, her silhouette dark and sleek, arched between two tall starlit windows. She had red-soled shoes. The paint still gleamed wet. "My God. Is that supposed to be me? You painted me?"
Mycroft elegantly motioned Lestrade to the sofa where they'd each come gasping into the other's hands. "Please do have a seat. This may take some time."
"Cool!"
There was a small, "Oh."
"That going to work?" John muttered, pressing his nose up underneath Sherlock's jaw, nudging up to bare more of Sherlock's throat.
anything. But, bloody hell, he was an adult now and he knew perfectly well all dogs weren't terrifying, malevolent beasts.
"My poor Janine," Kate said huskily. "I would be the soft hand on your fevered brow. I would be any soothing…or sensual…touch your body required to feel better. And afterward, I would bathe you in scented water, brush your hair, and read to you until you drifted off to sleep."
"Correct."
"Oh my god," John breathed.
"I think you and I are the only ones who've noticed the scenery, Mrs. Turner," John said with a conspiratorial smile.
John pressed his lips to Sherlock's.
"They're under the duvet."
Henry's gaze refocused on the pair of sympathetic, dark eyes in front him. "Fuck," he muttered.
"Oh, for God's sake." John grabbed Sherlock by the front of his soft purple shirt, pulling him close. "Ready?"
Sherlock was waiting in the wings, a satisfied smirk playing on his lips.
would call such a dismal area his place of business. At least in the near-dark she was saved the details of the filth she might have seen in better light.
"What about Mrs. Hudson?"
. He's on pause. Not listening."
"Yeah," John grinned. "I know." He closed the door behind him and headed out. It was a beautiful day on the island.
Sherlock's gaze flicked down John's body, taking in his awkward, arousal-hiding stance. He lifted an eyebrow.
"I am."
He had just figured out something about his enigmatic employer, and he was
Sherlock slapped the notebook shut.
A single woman comes to Fantasy Island looking for love. Sherlock gives John a special assignment.
you like to join a secret government crime fighting team?"
what was going to happen next.
"Have I really changed that much?"
. How had Mrs. Hudson stayed so bloody
Sherlock nodded.
a naughty girl. But what we have in common is that I've also worked as a personal assistant. My take on the job was most definitely
"I beg your pardon?"
"Come on, you," Lyons pulled back and clapped Henry on the shoulder. "I'm buying you a drink."
just a bloke who thinks you're hot. I may not have solved this Andrew West thing, but I'm a
"So," John said.
"Great," Lyons nodded. "Oh, do you mind…?"
"I do, actually."
John's fist clenched. Tight. He dropped his chin and took a step forward, a step that could not be mistaken for anything but a threat, and clipped out, "What do you want with Sherlock?"
"You're attempting to compliment me. Flirtation? Hardly necessary. Is this part of the experiment?" Sherlock gave John an assessing look and readied his pen over his notebook.
"Then I suppose…" Lyons said slowly. His voice sounded deeper than it had a moment before. "That makes it even better practice."
"It's quite simple, John, really." Sherlock produced a stack of blue cards from behind his back. "All your cues are here. All you have to do is read."
"The point, John, is that the sooner Andy Galbraith gives up this futile, idiotic idea, the better off he will be. Convincing him he does not, in fact, feel as deeply for this woman as he thinks he does will
She called out and Ravi turned and waved, detaching himself from Paul to come over and give her a hug.
of course."
to show you off, Janine my jewel."
To be continued…
John sucked in a breath at the sudden intensity in Sherlock's eyes. Those Caribbean-clear eyes that John had fallen into and drowned inside and no wonder he couldn't breathe. "I…yeah, I know you do. This job…"
"I…" Sherlock sat back and nodded at an empty spot on his desk. "Thank you."
Ushi's tongue lolled out of the side of her mouth. She watched them complacently from her back.
"Oh, don't blame him, John. He actually needed quite a bit of help envisioning what exactly went on—"
John thought he heard a grumble from Fletcher.
"I had to improvise! You're the one going on about
Thunder was rumbling from not too far off and the torches that lit the garden were fluttering wildly in gusts of wind that had begun to bow the nearby trees, but Mrs. Hudson's family all stood listening attentively.
Lestrade followed Archie's pointing finger across the lawn, where Mycroft Holmes stood stiff and straight by the dock, squinting into the sunlight. He was wearing that snug little three-piece suit again and he had an umbrella hooked over one arm. "He's not a salesman, Archie. And he's not my friend. Exactly."
Sherlock, to his horror, felt himself blush. "I…think it's the other way round."
"And the look on your face, just now, when you thought he might be nearby…" Sholto reached out this time, laid a hand on John's arm. "I've seen that look before. I've seen it before…for me."
Lestrade nodded slowly, pensive. "Yeah. Okay."
loyal, aren't you? Particularly for a
He took a deep breath.
and such rot. He wasn't given to self-indulgence. But things on the island were changing. There was a storm coming in. And Mycroft had always loved a good storm.
Lyons' hand felt warm under his as he guided Henry closer until finally Lyons' hand was flat on Ushi's belly, and Henry's hand flat atop his.
At Sherlock's request, John saw James Sholto to his villa, just across the courtyard from John's own bungalow.
?" Sholto shook his head. "The John Watson I know would be
"You…you heard?"
"Good to know, Fletcher." Janine widened her eyes at the audience, who chuckled appreciatively.
Lyons tilted his head at Henry, quizzically, and waited.
John scowled as closed his bag. "Well, he seems
"Because this is Fantasy Island!"
"Is it Miss Wenceslas leaving, then? Painting all finished?"
"Are we actually having sex with the pastries?"
"Miss Hooper, you mean?"
John stared between the two of them. "This is your
you a relationship, you would never need to go looking for one. Do you see? You wouldn't need to go…anywhere else…for what you want."
"Dead? How?
"I'm not," Lestrade said grimly.
"I see." John nodded slowly. "In that case, how would you feel about a little…experiment?"
"Put him in touch with a Major James Sholto. Yes, that one."
made?"
"You think I seduced you to get that Bruce-Partington file. But I didn't. I didn't know who you were or that that file existed. I just…I was waiting for you, after, and it was
"Major Sholto."
"Oh!" Sherlock blinked.
Henry snorted.
"You heard. He thinks he's going to exact revenge for Soo Lin Yao's murder. Oh, how
"Well, if
"Then what's so special about him? What's his fantasy?"
John sniffed and swiped at his nose with the back of one hand, waving at the prone revelers with the other. "Were they so transparent you didn't see them coming, then?"
—" Sherlock re-focused his attention on John's face. "Oh. You mean the other thing."
Mycroft's frown deepened. "Go on."
The captain flushed.
"I thought once I might fall in love with James Sholto."
"Are you not attending Mrs. Hudson's gathering this evening?"
Sherlock frowned at him. Whether it was for speaking out of turn or for his admittedly feeble attempt at humor, John wasn't sure. "There is no volcano."
"My employer's in the news industry, but I'm ready to start making headlines myself…in love, that is. So I'm here to give you all my exposé. And you can make that one as naughty as you'd like," she winked.
"I don't understand."
Radka watched as he walked away, and when she looked back at Sherlock her expression changed. She looked almost reverent. "How did you know?" she whispered.
"Yeah," Lestrade breathed. "We definitely can come to an arrangement."
of his
"That was a long flight, wasn't it? We'll settle in and then you can rest your leg."
John swallowed. "What about him?"
"That is precisely what it is. I've come to offer you a job."
Molly's eyes got very wide. "
Sherlock looked back steadily. "Of course I'm sure. Queen and country. Conservative trousers. It will work out well." Sherlock listened for another moment, then his face went bright red. "No I will
"I still can't eat my eggs without a layer of Tabasco," John chuckled, and glanced up at Sherlock, "and I sometimes find myself walking in step with people."
"Are you bored, too?"
John squared his shoulders. "And a soldier."
in the sunlight.
"Well," John said, "you seem to have provided that."
"No, Henry, you're fine. You're absolutely fine."
"You know. Your…date. If you had to pick someone…out there. Someone who was…on the stage."
Henry took another deep breath and said, "Come."
"Andy, I'm so sorry." Soo Lin's face softened suddenly. Her eyes warmed.
He finally made it through the stinging deluge to his front door, squeezed his wet hand into the wet denim of his pocket for his keys. Inside, he shook his head like a dog, spattering the walls with water, then shut the door and just stood there dripping forlornly on the white-tiled entryway floor.
Janine smiled at him. God, this was ridiculous. John smiled back.
"I told you, John, this is—"
"The captain has requested passengers turn off all mobile devices."
Archie re-appeared at Lestrade's side, brandishing three chicken and pineapple skewers.
John's jaw locked, his shoulders pressed down at the tone of command.
"My date." Sherlock repeated, his expression gone wary.
There were four of them. Well, three, if you didn't count the one who had apparently passed out while pissing on the bougainvillea trellis. Sherlock, sporting a livid red mark on one cheekbone, had the tall one in the powder blue suit in a choke hold. The ruddy-cheeked blond was too busy reeling with laughter to present much of a threat, so John went for the wiry one aiming himself at Sherlock's blind side. John buckled his leg with a kick to the back of one knee and took him down with a jab to the nose as he reeled, careful to pull his punch enough to avoid doing any significant damage. This was his only suit, after all—shabby as it was, he didn't want blood on it.
going to do without her?
"Mm." A pet shop specializing in exotic birds was also a possibility. Sherlock brought up both the Starbucks' and the shop's hours on-screen and began typing a quick text to Mycroft.
John squinted into the floodlights for a tall white suit just so he could shoot a significant look at Sherlock over the word "game" in the bloody
They sat side by side on the sofa, regarding each other in awkward silence.
attraction, because
"We are," Lyons grinned. "Sherlock Holmes—"
"And I'd like to point out how impressive that is, given the fact that your writing's barely legible right side up."
"And…are you going to tell me who?"
The man took a cigarette from the proffered pack and then leaned in to allow Mycroft to light it. Mycroft did not miss the way the man's eyes lingered on his hands as the little flame flickered between them.
Major James Sholto had been one of the mostremarkable military men John had ever served with. Efficient. Intelligent. Confident. He'd earned John's respect and admiration quickly. Their friendship had taken longer to develop, but gradually John began to see the man beneath the Major, the dry sense of humor, and a sort of curious wistfulness that had drawn John even closer. John had liked that man, James, his friend.
"It's
of energy."
Janine broke into a blinding smile. "Oh my god, then all of you! I'll have all of you!" She sprang from her stool and ran across the stage, around the panel, where she was met halfway by her new admirers. After a collective pause to take each other in, they flung themselves together, a huddle of bent heads and delighted laughter.
"You haven't told me a thing. Not once."
"Unless you want more of it, you'd best give me a hug."
"You gained access to me and my information. You got results."
. It will be outside, for everyone, for
fantasies, make all the necessary arrangements, and the rest is as I have already described to you, John."
"Soo Lin," Andy gasped, and pulled her into his arms.
Sherlock nodded. "So."
Sherlock stood in the doorway of the Jade Villa in his pressed, white, perfectly dry suit frowning at the water puddling at John's feet.
Mrs. Hudson patted his arm. "You see? You do understand him."
"So trust me when I say that
"Why are we on the beach?" Sherlock asked.
"What for?"
John flushed.
"I have no particular sentiment towards dogs," Sherlock said distantly, looking across the lagoon. "I was simply…making our guest feel welcome."
Lestrade hesitated, eyes wary.
all in one horrible day. James Sholto had lost much more, including every eager new soldier under his command.
"You'll see," Raz nodded. "I'm your man."
At the time it started, it hadn't felt so silly. That dog, that enormous snarling animal, had bitten his father badly while little Henry cowered behind a tree, screaming and crying and unable to
noble. This Sholto business served Sherlock just as much as it served John. More, really. After all, it was Sherlock who had the most to lose.
Laughing Boy had subsided into hiccuping giggles and taken a seat in a truly unfortunate spot next to the bougainvillea.
Henry licked his lips. "Shake," he said, and held out his hand.
"Because you were complaining your thighs were sore."
"No."
Holmes's assistant blinked, looking confused. "What? Him?"
The flight attendant gave Sherlock a rather smug look. "Of course, sir."
"More or less," John grinned, leaning a little more of his weight into his hands on Sherlock's lower back. Sherlock grunted appreciatively. "So if you weren't
Sherlock cleared his throat. "I must…apologize."
John set down the mug and folded his arms, giving Sherlock a thoughtful look. "Henry Knight says thank you. Lyons, too. And you're a genius."
Faced with an ultimatum, a man comes to the island to confront his fear of dogs. John focuses on the work, because the work is what matters. Guest starring: Henry Knight
"Oh, for God's sake, John, I'm a graduate chemist. I know how to drug a man."
"My pleasure," John said, and was a little surprised to realize he actually meant it.
you mean
John made a
. There had been a long time when he
and really this was precisely why Mycroft didn't
"Exactly. But also…"
"And…you're sure he can't hear us?"
Sherlock's pale skin had a beautiful sheen in the soft light coming through his bedroom window, but John was almost more fascinated by the room itself than by the contours of Sherlock's body.
"Hi, Mycroft! You make a lovely melon!" John said loudly, since there was clearly no reason for him to bother staying modestly quiet.
"Excellent. Come here, read with me." John scooted his chair over beside Sherlock's so they could read side-by-side and dropped a hand onto Sherlock's thigh for good measure. Because he could do that now. He glanced up at Sherlock, who was watching him with a satisfied little smile. Yes, John could absolutely do that now. He smiled back and looked down at Sherlock's list. And blinked. "Oh."
"I…see," Mycroft blinked.
"Good point," John nodded. "I like the way you think. Prioritize, then."
," John said, with a snap in his tone and eyes gone flinty. He gave Sherlock a little shove so his back hit the mainmast and stepped in, chest-to-chest. "And you're
Thank you for reading/watching!
"Miss Wenceslas!" Sherlock said grandly. "I take it you're satisfied with you Vermeer?"
"I never am," Sherlock sighed. "Now do run along, Mycroft. I have business of my own to tend to."
Vases, statues, sculptures that were familiar to him in the light of day were strange and menacing now. Their curves and lines and faces shifted in shadow. Watchful. He was being watched.
this sort of thing.
"I guess I'll wait a bit longer on that job description, then," John said, folding his hands casually in front of him in an imitation of Sherlock's pose. He leaned in again and pitched his voice low. "Should I be calling you 'sir,' by the way?"
"Ah, well that's straightforward enough. Handy we have one on the island, then."
was good for now.
"You love a
"I said
John shook his head, confused. "You didn't follow their instructions."
"You see? What do you see?"
"Miss Hooper," Mycroft said sternly.
something, you know? I think…" Molly bit her lip thoughtfully. "I think that may have been the hardest part of leaving, actually. Now that I think about it. Here, working with Sherlock, I felt like I was part of something
John's head whipped around at the deep and rather disappointed voice in his ear and he found himself almost nose-to-nose with Sherlock Holmes, who had apparently slid silently into the seat next to him.
Andy's eyes drifted open, went distant. A tear rolled unnoticed down one of his cheeks.
"More or less," Molly shrugged. "I…I don't know, maybe it was fair. I wasn't focused on the work anymore. I was a bit more focused on my own fantasies," she smirked. "But I have my own work now."
"Let me see," John cajoled. "Maybe I could help narrow it down."
sound and almost dropped the jar in his hand.
, Aunt Sissy," Molly said, sounding more resolute. "I'm here for
"Go on, then."
"I hope I'm not interrupting you," the man said, eyelids fluttering closed for a moment as he exhaled smoke.
," he said fiercely.
John folded his arms over his chest and returned the not-smile. "Well, clearly you know my name. Have you not read my bio on the website? About Us section. Has my photo and everything. I'd be happy to send you a link."
"Why go out when we can stay in? The first date should set the precedent, don't you think? We'd start the evening in elegance, with champagne and strawberries by the firelight. And we'd end the night in silk sheets," Kate purred, "and then let the elegance go."
Mycroft held up a hand. "If it's all the same to you, I'd rather not know."
"Smile, John! We want our guest to feel welcome!" Sherlock gave a sort of salute in the direction of the lagoon and fluttered his lashes as he broke out a pineapple-sweet smile. "Miss Wenclesas. Welcome to Fantasy Island."
delicious. I'm Kate. And we have one thing in common already."
"You'll be wanting to join in."
"Well, I'm happy for her, it's just not the sort of thing I'm
The man grinned and held out a hand. "Greg Lestrade."
. John Watson was in love with him. And it was
The audience chuckled. Even John smiled a little. Some of that hadn't sound half bad, really.
Sherlock's eyes, cool and amused, shifted back to John. "Ah, yes. Science can seem like magic to a primitive mind."
"So we're
Henry Knight, in the right light, was quite a handsome bloke. Usually he was standing in the other light, though, the light that gave him just a bit of a gormless look. Which was inaccurate and totally unfair. He had plenty of…gorm, thank you very much. Except when it came to being around dogs. He felt completely foolish having to come so far, go to such lengths to get over his silly childhood fear.
"And you're keeping notes on all these?"
"Calm and confident."
Mycroft blinked away a pang of memory as Archie ran off, all curls and confidence. The similarity with Sherlock-that-was, his beloved little brother, was almost painfully obvious, and he tried not to be thrown by it. "You…know Molly Hooper?"
"No."
Lestrade huffed a breath. "Archie was right again."
Sherlock glared at him. "Shut up."
"I pledge to you my honor, my faith, and my love."
"The living ones tend to move about a bit more," Molly murmured, grinning into her drink at the boy's macabre enthusiasm. And, frankly, it was gratifying for someone to show such approval for her job. Archie couldn't be more than ten, though, and she really shouldn't encourage his fascination…
"You've certainly got everyone on their toes this morning," John said when he reached Sherlock's side. He had that partly-inquisitive, partly-amused look on his face that always made Sherlock want to come up with new ways to impress him at the same time he was wondering what John thought was so funny about him. John's face did that a lot: two emotions at once. It was confusing. Sherlock didn't like feeling confused.
"May I?" Mrs. Hudson asked, smiling at the happily panting, square-jawed dog.
"And here we go with the sentimental babble."
"Detective Inspector Lestrade."
