Sherlock swallowed nervously, a hint of uncertainty sparkling in his weary eyes. He could either be honest at last, or he could continue lying to John, which, however, was completely in contrast with the decisions he’d made earlier.
“Y-yeah,“ he stammered, glaring at Sherlock from under his lashes. “But we don’t have to talk about it if you don’t feel like it,“ he added quickly. “You know, we’ve just-“
feel about her. It shall be your choice, whatever you decide to do. I just fear you really didn't think this through at all. What I believe is that we should wait until Mary gives birth. You must keep on pretending you are clueless, if you accused her of infidelity without any evidence, she could claim you’re just making
he is doing all this on purpose? After everything that has happened in the restaurant, John simply cannot rule out this possibility anymore. And, only to reinforce his suspicions, Sherlock throws a coy smile in his direction just before walking into the other room.
John chortles, dropping his voice. “Let’s just say that playing footsie under the table with you in a bloody expensive Spanish restaurant is not something that happens to me every day,” he giggles and Sherlock along with him. “What did you order again?”
“Admit it?“ John had to take a moment to consider. Sherlock just dead straight asked him if he was attracted to men. When John got out of the bed, he could only hardly guess that he was going to be confronted with questions about his sexuality just a few minutes later. None of the topics Sherlock could’ve broached were more awkward to discuss than this one. John had been always trying to choke the truth inside of him, out of the sheer fear of what might happen if people learn one day. He had been denying that he was gay for decades, but never saying he was not into men at all, because that simply wasn’t true. And then he met Sherlock, Sherlock who turned his world upside down, with whom John eventually fell in love, and hiding his true face was suddenly even more difficult than before. But John was far too scared of unrevealing himself back then. There wasn’t a reason anyway; at least he thought so. Sherlock appeared to be stone cold, unsociable man not capable of developing romantic feelings for anyone not least another man. That had however changed and John was very well aware of that Sherlock was a completely different person. And so lying to his face once they were so close from finally tumbling those walls between them was unacceptable, John had to tell him the truth, it was only fair and the right thing to do. This was nothing he should’ve kept on postponing.
good, John cannot last as long as he wishes he could. It takes merely a few strokes of Sherlock's hand and but a couple of twists of that deft tongue and John comes hard and with a raspy moan on his lips.
“Hold on, Sherlock, it’s just for a couple of days,“ John reminded him. “And don’t forget that this arrangement is completely unnecessary anyway.“
Sherlock could’ve stay like that for hours, hiding his tears from the outside world, weeping in silence, blaming himself for everything that has happened. For being so stupid, for swallowing the bait Mary served him, for being so foresightless to not realise that she was about to trick him, for that he couldn’t have predicted that John was not going to let him go by himself this time.
“You can read me as an open book, can’t you?“ John snickered, leaning forward, but Sherlock didn’t find it entertaining.
“Mhm, you really are in a rush,“ Sherlock sniggered, he couldn’t pass an opportunity to banter with John. “Not that I am complaining. In fact you can do to me
“Careful, it’s hot,“ he warns John, but being so captivated by Sherlock’s voluptuous lips, John’s barely registering the words that leave his mouth. Before as much as realising what on earth he’s doing he lifts himself on his tiptoes, planting a quick peck on Sherlock’s red cheek, the urge to do it suddenly much stronger than himself or anything that has ever prevented him from doing so.
.” John draws a sharp breath. It hasn’t occurred to him until now. Or maybe it has, he just tried to push the thought away, as far as possible in fear of being overwhelmed by what it signifies.
“You see, John, it wasn’t sentiment that made me choose this place,“ Sherlock whispers once after Angelo disappears.
“Doesn’t matter. They’ve already paid the prize,“ Sherlock uttered, shivering once John gently trailed a finger down his spine.
“Because she doesn’t,“ Sherlock explained. “She doesn’t even know that you got shot and best if it stays that way. The less people are aware of what happened, the better. Now come on, I’ll help you up the stairs.“
Despite promising him that medics will turn up as fast as possible, Sherlock suspected that by the time they arrive, John will be most likely gone. In fact he was sure that only few minutes, maybe just moments are parting him from what seemed to be an inevitable death and there is no way ambulance could make it in time.
John: walking toward Sherlock's ward, down the hallway, now full of people - nurses, doctors, patients. Looks even more tired than before. He has a cup of coffee in his right hand, and in his left, slightly trembling one - a phone, holding it next to his ear. Talking to someone.
Lidia knits her eyebrows and gives Harrington a strict look. “With all due respect, Mr. Harrington, what
John sighs again, appears to feel a little guilty. Wordlessly, he guides Mrs. Hudson by her arm toward the stairs. She seems a little confused but walks up the stairs with him.
Albeit reluctantly, Sherlock has to get off John and endure the twenty lonely seconds without him while he returns from the bathroom with a couple of wet tissues.
“But no one has done more harm than me,“ Sherlock objected.“It all went so horrendously wrong because of me, John. Maybe if you knew the truth beforehand, none of this would have happened. Mary would have never attempted to kill me… well, maybe she
. Sherlock spends several minutes studying John’s face, examining each wrinkle, each dimple and each tiny scar he can discern in the darkness before he shuffles closer towards him and ever so softly whispers: “John? Are you asleep yet?”
is what you’re here for, then do me a favour and go back to where you came from. How even did you learn about what happened?“
I am here because we take our guests' complaints and wishes very seriously but the truth is, you don't have any proof to back up your accusations.”
I just realised?“ Sherlock breathed, words uttered in between sloppy, hasty kisses. “Now that we have failed anyway... we no longer have to waste our evenings… spying on utterly boring people,“ he growled, suckling on John’s earlobe, pressing against him and grinding almost desperately.
. You’ve always been my chance at a better life, the one and only person who gave me the hope I needed. All I need is
“You don't have to thank me for saving the life of the person I care about most in the world, John,“ Sherlock breathes out, biting his tongue little too late. John catches himself opening his mouth in a silent gasp but before he manages to as much as to make a sound, Sherlock beats him to it.
“I can’t believe I am going to say this,“ Sherlock sighed, “but I can only hardly concentrate on work tonight. Especially after all that had happen… you still don’t mind, do you?“
’s what I am here for?“ Sherlock’s eyes squinted. “You've found out that I have discovered all of your secrets and so you lured me out
“I chose you for the same reason I took the bullet for you, Sherlock,“ he said, his voice gravelly as he finally glanced back at Sherlock. “And I admit it wasn’t just because I was incapable to disarm Mary.“
Carrying Sherlock in his arms, John takes a step forward, and into the flat - kicks the door shut behind him.
. “The case,” John finally remembers. “Er, Sherlock?” he calls after him, making sure he sounds composed enough even though he doesn’t feel as such at all.
.“ John noticed that Sherlock’s pupils dilated so much his eyes suddenly appeared to be dark black like a night instead of bright electric blue. Those same eyes glided up and down John’s sturdy body, slowly, hungrily, savouring the view. John felt like Sherlock was mentally undressing him that way.
“Not me,“ John shook his head. “But the gentlemen you’ve not so gently kicked out of the flat today-“
dates,“ he remarks, using his fingers to count. John instantly melts again, his heart fluttering from how adorable Sherlock actually is.
As they reach the altar, Sherlock's mum turns to John, kisses his cheeks, then turns to Sherlock, does the same.
Silence descends again, awkward and heavy, for it isn’t until now they both realise they’re standing much closer than necessary. John lets his fingers linger on Sherlock’s chest for just a little longer before he quickly shoves his hands into his pockets, loudly clearing his throat.
“I am dealing with a stubborn child here,“ Mycroft growled. “But fine, as you wish. What if I suggested that you and Dr Watson would stay
- John Watson, on the verge of tears, but smiling. Beyond relieved. His lips wobble slightly as he speaks.
taste like poison on John’s tongue but he can’t drop the facade. And, as if to convince himself that he can handle the following week without crumbling, or perhaps just to put an end to this excruciating conversation, he lifts himself up on his tiptoes and gently pecks Sherlock’s cheek.
“You don’t have to be ashamed just because you had a nightmare, Sherlock.“ John pulled the other man closer, drawing a gasp out of Sherlock’s throat. “I hope you had no more bad dreams at night. Do you feel better now?“ he asked, glaring at Sherlock from under now half-opened lashes.
, Mycroft.“ Sherlock’s own faltering voice sounded alien to him as he spoke. Admitting that he was so weak and lonely, albeit to himself only, was a huge step forward in yet unfathomed direction.
“Nothing, forget it.” Flashing a forced smile, John pushes himself up and out of the bed and steps toward Sherlock. “Pool sounds great. I haven't been in ages... unless you count the incident with Moriarty,” he adds, knitting his eyebrows in a frown. It wasn't a pleasant memory.
Me too. I... Actually, I've been preparing to tell you for a very long time. I wanted the moment to be special... Well, it certainly didn't go the way I had imagined, but that doesn't make the words any less true, Sherlock.
Oh, yes, I have been wrong many times, John. Especially about you. For which I feel compelled to apologise.
Because John doesn't know how to deal with receiving compliments. Isn't used to it. Which isn't a good enough excuse to leave, especially since John doesn't actually want to anyway. And then there's Sherlock. Giving him actual puppy eyes. John chuckles.
“Yes, we will,“ Mycroft nodded, fingers drumming over the handle of his umbrella. “Now I wonder why you didn’t contact me sooner. It would have saved us a lot of trouble.“
“You'd want me to?” Sherlock murmurs and kisses John's nape, clasping his hand around his cock and carefully pushing the head between John's cheeks. Barely an inch but enough to draw another moan out of John's throat.
Carrying the tea pot, she walks over to Mycroft, stops. Stares at him for a split second, then, without any warning - pours tea over him.
And the feeling only grows stronger once they reach the table and Sherlock gently brushes the back of John’s hand with his thumb just before letting go and taking the seat opposite him.
“I didn't let the client pay our stay because as soon as he made the offer I imagined what Mycroft's reaction to us going undercover as a couple would be and I wanted to test if my prediction was right. It was. He had a laughing fit and swore he’ll pay all of our expenses if we, I quote,
Sherlock smiles at John. He wavers for a moment, as if considering something. His face turns a bit more serious.
Leaning forward, he closes the distances between him and Sherlock and with a coy little smile he whispers against Sherlock's parted lips. “Come here, what are you waiting for?”
“Yes. I love you too. I love you, John,“ Sherlock repeated, emphasising each word. It wasn’t until he actually heard himself confessing that he realised what he had just decide to do. But it wasn’t regret what he felt, it was relief. Once he made that first crucial step, there was no force on Earth or elsewhere capable of stopping him.
“Of-of course, I was just – hey, isn’t it me who should be asking such questions?“ John inquired, attempting to change the topic as quickly as possible. Sherlock’s face dimmed out all of a sudden, but he didn’t avert his eyes.
You and Nurse Barton. Ask her out on a date. Have dinner, light some candles, whatever people do on dates.
“Not yet, no. Harrington left the bar about half a minute after we did and took the other elevator. I estimate he will arrive in approximately ten seconds.”
Sherlock blinked at John, so puzzled he failed in his attempt to tie the belt of his gown. “Have you been standing here this entire time?“
two have to start talking if we are to move anywhere. Do you want me to secure you a safe place to hide? Or hire a couple of bodyguards? You want from me to find Mary and place her in the prison so you can watch and enjoy the view? Maybe she won’t attempt to kill
Empty. Eerily dark. At once, we can hear beeping, as if a heartbeat monitor. It continues throughout this scene.
Sherlock had not realised soon enough that showing off his body like that wasn’t probably the wisest idea considering that John had not seen his scarred back yet. Mentally cursing himself for making such a stupid mistake, he risked a glance behind his shoulder, only to see that John still didn’t manage to close his mouth yet.
His eyes trailed an invisible line down his body, up until they stopped being pinned upon John’s hand. Sherlock couldn’t help but stare at that hand, wondering if John would get mad if he dared to hold it. His own fingers twitched with need, he needed to feel John’s skin again, as to make sure that he’s really in the room, that he’s not being just another pipe dream or hallucination.
Neither Sherlock nor John could believe the words that had been just spoken. John blinked a few times in utter confusion and Sherlock was just sitting there silently for a moment, fiddling with his fingers, heat building up in his cheeks and chest.
“Yes, but, judging from the faces you’re making and your own words, it still hurts, “Sherlock pointed out warily, not even trying to hide the tone of worry.
To John's relief, Sherlock doesn't linger around too long. The next thing he knows, Sherlock strips off his shirt and with a tantalising grin on his face, he plunges into the pool.
John didn’t hesitate to close the distance between them again. This time it was Sherlock hugging him first, allowing both John and himself to finally cry and weep loudly and let the stream of tears fall down their cheeks for a couple of long, long moments.
close. He's imagined John doing this to him, so many times before, but the truth is, his fantasies pale next to reality.
“I doubt that that bloke will show up in the sitting room tomorrow morning to bring you your favourite tea,“ John giggled, his fingers absently running up and down Sherlock’s bare back. He could feel how Sherlock shivered under such a subtle touch and so he couldn’t help but wonder if the man was ticklish. The idea of making Sherlock laugh so hard he would burst into the tears was quite tempting to try out, John had to admit, but he kept this notion for himself. At least until Sherlock was in a better mood.
“I don’t know, maybe,“ Sherlock hissed. “Mary told me she is in contact with a few people among your sort, she
“Sure, John, sure,“ Mrs Hudson chuckled, already on her way out. But before she left, she quickly turned in the doorway, eyes briskly flicking from John to Sherlock, joyful grin still not disappearing from her face.
Hearing his name snaps Sherlock out of pondering. He shakes his head as if to shed off intrusive thoughts.
bloody worried,“ John cried out. “She’s out there somewhere, Sherlock, and she’s out of her mind, you
, Sherlock, should think so terribly low of themselves,“ John said, his voice hoarse and shaking with remorse. “I know you’re hurt, I know you’re mourning, there’s no use faking. I know
John’s expression didn’t change. All Sherlock could read from his face was how deeply he was worried about him. Nothing that would suggest he cared at least a little about Mary nor her allies.
John chuckled sadly, talking to the floor again rather than Sherlock himself. As it seemed, Sherlock wasn’t the only one hesitating to make eye contact at the moment.
Sherlock, sitting in the bed - on his own phone, typing away. Seems to be in a much better state than before. Lively, vigilant, in a better mood.
with all your perfect imperfections and I want us to be a couple we’ve always meant to be. So hell no, of course I won’t mind sleeping by your side, Sherlock, I’ll be
“That doesn’t necessarily mean I can’t do it for you,“ Sherlock remarks, adding a teabag before he puts the mug aside to let it brew. “
Sherlock gulps, shuffling his feet before taking a small, hesitant step forward only to back pedal the next moment, uncertain what move to make, what to say, since no words seem to work anyway. John doesn’t want to talk, he tries to
“I have no time for storytelling, what did he say?“ Sherlock’s almost magically newfound energy spurred him to jump off the chair and then all he needed was just one long step and he was already face to face with Mrs Hudson.
On John, his lips are trembling, tears begin to form in his eyes. He smiles in spite of it, but his voice is hoarse and shaking due to overwhelming emotions.
Angelo’s amiable face happens to be the first thing John notices upon stepping inside. He founds himself a tad anxious at first, considering the only people he’s been interacting with in the past seven months were Sherlock, his doctors and only scarcely Mrs Hudson but Angelo appears to be so ecstatic to see them again he probably doesn’t even care to notice the scars on John’s face. Further to John’s relief, the restaurant seems to be nearly empty.
Sherlock tilts his head, somewhat disgruntled frown on his face as he fiddles with the cutlery. “What does this mean? Are we suppose to eat from the same plate? Like the two cartoon dogs?“
No one could blame John for the way he interpreted this innocent suggestion so ambiguously. He stared at Sherlock in shock for a couple of long second, jaw dropped and palms sweating as if Sherlock just proposed to him or asked something similarly mind-bending.
that we should try something new, John, it was because I was curious, not because I am not satisfied enough having sex with you. Quite the opposite actually. I, in fact, still do crave to see your face and your face only during sex. It’s clear what you’re implying here, John, but I can assure you that the possibility that it’s ever going to change is non-existent.“
back in the school or he's just naturally phenomenal at this, John thinks. He's dreamed about those perfectly shaped lips for far too long now but now, now that Sherlock's finally using that mouth and hands of his to make him feel good,
memories, that haunt me every second of my life. The shrill sound of a bullet, sharp, excruciating pain, blood flooding my face.
But once he reaches to cup Sherlock’s cheek and bring him even closer, Sherlock whimpers into his open mouth and then... abruptly pulls back, panting and staring at John, wide-eyed, feeling like he’s just done something he should be terribly ashamed of.
John held Sherlock tight in his arms, lazily rubbing their bare chests together while Sherlock dipped his fingers into the skin of John’s back and carefully ran up to his nape then down his spine again, only so he would not leave a patch of skin untouched. Sherlock’s hands were so delicate, so soft and tender that John couldn’t help but smile against Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock maybe needed weeks to be taught how to kiss, but he sure knew how to use his hands, or at least how to make John hum pleasantly around his tongue.
Sherlock and John are seated together on a sofa. In front of them, sitting hunched in an armchair - Ms. Ronder - looking worn out and skinny. The face behind the veil is barely visible, we notice but a few features - glassy green eyes, several large scars and bruises spread across her face.
, he would be in fact glad if he could hear John’s laugh for at least once more, even if it was just because Sherlock embarrassed himself.
“Who - who are these people?” He gives a tense smile and puts his hand on the small of Sherlock's back.
“John, I’ve never been in a serious relationship before,“ Sherlock said in rather a sad voice, raising up to mirror John’s position. “
“Well, if she has some kind of a plan,“ Sherlock pondered, “it’s still better than if she arranged a preterm delivery. If we had to dump her after delivering a baby into John’s life, it would be much worse, wouldn’t be.“
, whether you want to share or not. I’ll wait,“ John assured him, soft smile crossing his lips, a smile that turned upside down in an instant. “Jesus, I guess I should’ve told you
“Don’t worry,“ John waved a hand in surrender, “I don't want to argue with you anymore, that's the last thing you need, so... so fine then. If you think it's wiser to wait, I'll wait. I won’t do anything stupid, Sherlock, nothing I first don't consult with you. My lips are sealed, as you wish. I will play a fool in front of Mary for the next couple of weeks until one of us figures how to deal with this so no one else gets hurt. Especially not that baby. And then… we shall see.“
That was the last message Sherlock received. He slumped down against the wall with a displeased growl and eyes pinned upon his phone, wondering what the bloody hell is Mary up to. He would never admit it, Sherlock has been always too high-headed to do so, but besides being curious he was also frightened. He knew very well what Mary is capable of but he refused to accept the possibility that she would betray John like this again, just an idea made him furious with anger. Still the worst was not even that she was acting so mysterious, Sherlock knew things John was still being unaware of, but there was neither right time nor place to tell him the truth yet. Sherlock had no idea how to do it without hurting him and moreover, they needed to get rid of Mary before that happens, that was their plan after all.
After a few seconds of mindless groping in the dark, he finally located the last pack of cigarettes that he had hidden in the cupboard, behind the cookie jar and hastily lit one. He knew he shouldn't but he had to admit to himself that he didn't care anymore.
The voice grew louder and stronger all of a sudden. Sherlock could see the pictures in his mind disappearing, fading into the blackness. Even the noises in his ears had clammed up at once. Once he fully perceived he finally dared opening his eyes only to realise that he was miles afar from Serbia, safely at Baker Street in the arms of the man he loved.
Baffled, Sherlock blinks at him, his eyes flicking between the toast in John’s hand and his face. “What exactly are you doing John?”
It's not until the afternoon that Sherlock and John make it to the swimming pool. As they saunter down the marble-paved pathway, beautifully lined with red roses and carnations, Sherlock makes a few quick observations of the people scattered around the pool. As far as
“I told you dozens of times that you can trust me, Sherlock,“ John said in a very serious tone,carefully shifting himself to a more comfortable position. “If you asked me to not tell Mary a word, Christ, I wouldn’t even flinch. I am on your side, I’ve always been, Sherlock... Besides, I would understand why I should keep my mouth shut. If you told me that Mary was faking her pregnancy and that she was still not done doing all that filthy shit despite promising me that she will never touch a gun again… yes, I would be upset for a brief moment but I would never confront her, I am not stupid-“
(A sequence of scenes showing Sherlock and John's life as a couple. Bright, light-hearted music. A few months pass during this.)
It’s somewhat both, beautiful and ridiculous, they both concede, kissing as such in the middle of a street. Not that either of them minds. Not at all. They kiss for a couple of long, blissful minutes, sharing chaste first-time kisses until finally, they pull apart, breathless but euphoric high.
But neither of them moved. In fact, neither of them dared to say another word until Sherlock averted his eyes again, anxiously squirming in his chair.
John - in the background - paying for the cab. Then, he walks up to Sherlock, carrying a duffel bag.
“No, I am not mad, Sherlock, I am disappointed,“ John groaned when another jolt of pain struck his body.
But he proceeded cautiously, circling his arms around Sherlock’s waist a little tighter, but keeping the distance, giving Sherlock all the time in the world to make the next move himself.
?“ he added with as much politeness he could gather at once. But there was not much use in that, the woman’s eyes were gliding up and down his body, she was scanning him from head to toes instead of offering permissions.
“I know, I know, love, don’t worry,“ John cooed, catching Sherlock’s bottom lip in between his own, sucking only playfully before drawing back, both his hands now sliding up Sherlock’s back. First he tenderly removed Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders, pulling the fabric down his arms so slowly and sensually so Sherlock’s skin tingled. Leaning so close so he could brush their lips again, John buried his fingers inside Sherlock’s hair, gently massaging his scalp just the way Sherlock loved it the most.
?!“ Sherlock was up on his feet so fast he almost lost his balance. His vision all of a sudden turned blurry and the whole room around him was spinning because of the dizziness he felt, but letting anyone to help him, not least to touch him was out of the question.
A moment later, finally, he recognises the person's voice. A tender, soothing voice, trying to calm him down.
“No, no, don’t be,“ Sherlock cut him, desperately crumpling the front of John’s shirt. “Don’t stop, don’t you dare to stop, John. Go on, I want…
Sherlock opened his mouth again but John had been already shambling in the opposite direction. He rummaged for a while, searching for the rest of his clothes in the pile of mess that had been the sitting room before he turned around again, never leaving his eyes off Sherlock as he walked, much to Sherlock’s surprise toward the bathroom door instead of the exit.
“Sherlock, I am perfectly capable of operating a kettle myself,“ John grumbles, crossing his arms as he watches Sherlock ever so carefully pouring hot water into his mug.
is all he manages to say, small, soft voice filled with wonder, but also love. Love in its purest form.
. How come you didn’t know, how could you fail as horribly as this if it’s not you who’s behind this ploy?“
with you?“ Sherlock interjected, an unreadable expression on his face. There was a hint of a coquettish smirk upon his lips, brows tugged in a similarly flirtatious manner but there was a glimmer of insecurity in his eyes and redness building up high on his cheeks.
Nothing had changed. Not even once Sherlock blinked to open his eyes again after an achingly long while. The angel was still there, towering above Sherlock with its wings spread wide and hands folded peacefully across its chest, green vines of ivy draped around its stone frame. Not nearly as terrifying as Sherlock first deemed it to be. He stared at that serene, solid face, breathing deep and heavily until he calmed down again, enough so he could finally wipe away the tears that had flooded his face.
Sherlock rocked his hips, rubbing their cocks so urgently so to let John know there was no use hesitating. He was so focused on John’s groin hedidn’t even manage to realise that John was already reaching for the faucet, turning on the water before quickly returning back to kissing under Sherlock’s chin.
“The only thing that kept me alive was the thought of you, John,” Sherlock's voice cracked but he kept talking. It was the first time he truly allowed himself to show his most vulnerable side to John, but he didn't care. He had to let the truth out.
“What if you just shut up?“ John laughed. “I told you, I am never going to leave you. Not even if you really
“Christ, you must be freezing,“ John gasped worriedly, his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s sallow face, callous but tender fingers reaching to brush those damp curls off Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock sunk down in his chair with a strained sigh, allowing John to do whatever he considered necessary without cutting off his self-reproachful monologue.
By the time John and Sherlock arrive at the suite, the sun has already begun to set. The few hours at the pool was time well spent and afterward, Sherlock took John to the restaurant again and ordered a bowl of spaghetti so big that John would have probably not even finished it if he weren't that ravenous after swimming.
“What if I don’t care?“ She narrowed her eyes, not changing her stance. “What if I told you that Sherlock is going to die if you won’t kill me?“
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,“ John gave in in the end, looking straight into Sherlock’s eyes with the most genuine adoration he was capable of showcasing.
“Well, considering I got us nearly killed again… yes. I should have predicted that they would make such drastic attempts to lose us. If it wasn’t for you, I’d be now-“
John had already regretted the decision to ask Sherlock about his scars. The man was so distraught and shaken that it was surprise he didn’t burst into the tears yet.
“As if you were the one to obey the rules, brother,“ Mycroft smirked. “Look, I am not persuading you to take it. Right now I am suggesting you to go home so you can pull yourself together. It’s been a rough night.“
“It’s just… You said nothing to deny when Angelo assumed we’re on a-you know,“ he makes a desperate gesture with his hand, “a
“More?“ John pulled back from suckling on his neck once Sherlock pleaded once more. He had received no words as an answer but a feverish nod in agreement.
“What about whom? Sherlock I-“ he glanced at the cabbie in front seat, but the man was fully concentrated on the road so John turned back to Sherlock, leaning closer and keeping his voice low. “I need no one else but
scared of being wrong about Mary again. I was scared because being wrong meant that you were miserable and unhappy and
Suddenly, a sound of footsteps approaching fast, coming from the distance. Cacophony of voices. Guards. The two men exchange a look. Without hesitation, they grab the bags, then storm out of the place.
. Sherlock feels higher than ever, high on love, so high he thinks of himself as a little fluffy cloud, soaring in the sky.
. For Sherlock has not only already taken off his shirt, John actually catches him scrupulously applying tons of sunscreen to his arms.
“Better?” Sherlock asks once after John gulps down his drink. John but frowns at the empty glass in his hand and then at Sherlock.
“How long till they discharge you?“ Sherlock was the one to change the subject even though he was also the one who wasn’t particularly happy about it. He was determined to do even the impossible to get Mary behind jail bars, even though John didn’t approve of it .
“I am sorry, Sherlock,“ she said at last, “but the discussion’s over for once. Your plan has failed and you’re going to pay for it.“
, Sherlock concludes now that they sit next to each other on a bench, side to side, their bodies pressed close and eyes locked. Sherlock still feels the ghost of John’s lips on his skin.
Sherlock swallowed hard, his breathing noticeably quickening. John was as much taken aback as Sherlock, proceeding to realise the relevance of that confession as slowly as if he didn’t even believe he’d actually said that aloud. He could but shake his head vigorously, running a hand down his face.
”Well then, I guess we have to go out tonight and... start anew,” Sherlock suggests. “There’s a fancy restaurant on the first floor. How about... a romantic dinner?”
The first touch of John’s lips was merely tentative, light and tender, but electrifying nonetheless. Sherlock could hear himself making the softest little noise, one that made John chuckle and draw back a little, the brightest grin hanging upon his face.
Sherlock's awake and positively glowing. Smiling as he watches John's face, whilst caressing his chest with his fingers.
Sherlock bit his lip, his brow furrowed, still in a deep thought. “One hundred percent sure?“ he lifted his gaze after a moment, scrutinising John’s expressions. “You don’t sound surprised. That’s… strange at most.“
“John, I understand that you must be frustrated,“ Sherlock said as bluntly as if he wasn’t even listening, still caressing John’s arm. “I am making you wait for something you had a lack of for how long? A year?“
Sherlock offers no other response but a resolute nod, determined to focus on John’s voice, lips and hands, trying to catalogue all the sounds and touches.
“Obvious enough?“ John murmured. He could feel Sherlock stiffening for a moment, leaving out a small, surprised whimper but once John ever so soothingly ran a hand down his back, he melted into his embrace as if the heaviest burden was lifted off his shoulders. He seemed to relax enough to put his arms around John’s waist, first too shy to pull John even closer but after a moment he tightened his grip as well.
“She’s acting strange,“ John continued, taking one more sip before putting the mug on the stool next to him. “And no, it’s not the hormones, Sherlock, she often disappears for hours and then when she comes back she has no decency to tell me where she’s been. Sherlock, I swear, if there was no baby, I would… God, she stormed out of the flat once again, right before I left.“
urging him to deepen the kiss and hell, John has no idea what’s happening but this might as well be the most amazing moment of his life and he’s not going to pass the opportunity to make the best out of it.
away, your entire life even just because, because of what... me?“ Sherlock blinked, not quite believing he dared to make such an assumption aloud since he was still too stubborn to admit the possibility that he understood John correctly. He must have been deluding himself, he was sure of it, and yet it didn't prevent him from continuing. It was too late to stop his agitated self.
Before John’s allowed to raise any objection, Sherlock quickly strips off his coat and drapes it over John’s shoulders, much to his shock.
, don’t you get it? Why should I surrender, why should I allow myself any sentiment? Whenever I do, people just-“ Sherlock’s words morphed into a desperate groan, his face scrunched in a crestfallen grimace.
“Mind your own business!” he snarls at once, staring angrily after the obnoxious man that's just swum by. Thankfully, the man takes John's not so friendly advice to heart and briskly disappears, without so much as a sneer.
“Well, it’s hardly ma fault you’re so perfect for me,“ John shrugged. He toyed with the idea that’s just crossed his mind for a mere second before deciding that Sherlock was probably feeling tad better and so he would have nothing against what John was about to do.
“What the-why are you picking it?“ John groaned not even trying to cover the disappointment in his voice.
So John could’ve as well simply get up and help him with his investigations, instead of trying to fall asleep perforce. He didn’t need any time to think twice. As soon as the notion crossed his mind, he kicked away the sheets and grabbed his gown, lazily hobbling toward the door afterwards.
“I know,“ Sherlock swallowed before speaking up again, but it was more than difficult to pronounce words at the moment. “John, Mary was planning to deliver a baby… somehow- no, wait, I am getting there, don’t worry. You were so thrilled and I-I didn’t want to hurt you,“ he spitted out, avoiding John’s gaze. “Sure, soon you would learn the truth anyway but I had no idea how to tell you while Mary was still in the picture, I was scared that you wouldn’t believe me if I told you and so I-“
Exasperated, Nurse Ferguson reaches to the pocket of her uniform... Suddenly, her eyes widen in surprise.
As soon as they walked in they both glanced over each other, quite unable to process their own cyclone of thoughts. They were back together, back at Baker Street where all their, often crazily insane adventures started so many years ago. John’s eyes scanned the room, up and down from left to right, as if he was trying to make sure that everything was still at its right spot. His stomach clenched, now as he stood there, ten days later, it was an entirely different feeling than before, because he was once again a part of that place. He belonged and he could call Baker Street his home again.
John’s heart aches as he realises how deeply insecure Sherlock really is. He can see it in his eyes, hear it in his voice.
“It does, but that’s what the morphine’s for.“ John’s smile was a little wry and bland; Sherlock didn’t even bother repaying it. It was a rare sight, but his face was suddenly warm and open, his so far deeply hidden feelings emerging on the surface, written all over it. And John noticed it. It caught him in shock, it was as if all of a sudden the sky was cleared off and the sun could for the first time after ages peek out from behind the heavy dark clouds. Sherlock was beautiful that way, graceful, shining with something John would never call love because this was Sherlock, right? He didn’t feel that way. But then John remembered what Mary said last night and his heart started beating fast and out of rhythm, heart rate monitoring machine beside his bed beeping loudly in response.
“Sherlock, it’s okay now, you don’t have to go into details.“ John pressed himself against Sherlock’s back, placing a small chaste peck over his nape.
Sherlock’s brow quirked in amusement. “As if there was a reason to hide anything in front of each other,“ he snorted. “Besides, I reckon we both are in need of a little change of subject, don’t you think?“
ticklish,“ John laughed, raising up to straddle Sherlock’s abdomen. “It’s just your neck or-of course, your arms too,“ he added with quite a malevolent smile once Sherlock grunted out loud.
“What are you doing, John?“ Sherlock drops his voice, trying his best to not gawk at John’s lips hovering a mere couple of inches from his.
... John looks at him from the corner of his eye. He seems to be brooding, most likely deducing everyone as they make their way across the room.
“I can barely imagine the pain you’re going through, John,“ he says, barely whispering. “But trust me, this is
“I think that Mary is perfectly capable of taking care of herself, Sherlock,“ John uttered instead, avoiding Sherlock’s observing gaze.
At those words, John's head all of a sudden peeks from behind the kitchen door. “Sherlock? A moment please?”
are here, John,“ Sherlock said after a while, glaring at the other man like he was the only source of light in the world. “And you had made me interested again, in fact you made me yearn for this kind of contact more than I’ve ever wanted it before,“ he said, leaning so close to John their lips brushed. “John, I couldn’t have even properly understood any of these things before I met you. You made me feel true love for the first time in my life and thanks to you I turned into this sentimental
“You said he’s at Baker Street.“ Mary smirked.“ What proof shall he have of me not being home then? I’ll be back before he returns, he might saw me leaving, but I’ll make sure no suspicions will be raised upon me.“
even, but John could hardly blame him given the circumstances. Sherlock didn’t utter a single word ever since they got into the car, ignoring each and every single one of John’s attempts to distract him. He barely scowled at the annoying cabbie who kept asking him and John such inappropriate questions. John, albeit so enormously irritated, at least tried to be polite but Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to listen. Even the weather seemed to reflect Sherlock’s mood quite faithfully - gloomy, dismal and miserable. Sherlock resembled a lifeless puppet, glaring absently out the window.
Sherlock freezes, just stares at him, blinking. Slowly, he begins to recognise the face too. A gasp of disbelief escapes his throat.
“What the hell is this supposed to mean, Sherlock?“ John asked once the younger man returned along with John’s baggage.
John. There was a time when I thought I was unworthy of being loved. But then something happened. You. You have walked into my life and you saved it. And ever since that moment, you've loved, trusted and supported me, unconditionally... Do you... Do you remember the very first words I have ever said to you? Allow me to repeat them: Thank you. Thank you for being my home, my light, my compass. Thank you for being there for me through good and bad. I swear to you, John, my love, I will always be there for you too. I love you.
John had prepared a quip but Sherlock very quickly succeeded in making him forget how to speak for a while. Now there was only one thought left on John’s mind. Take the rest of Sherlock’s clothes off and push him inside the shower corner, just as he had been planning to do since the moment he’d found out that there was one rather large in their hotel room.
The tension between them is almost tangible. Trivialising the whole incident is only going to make both of them feel so much more worse.
about you,“ Sherlock sighed heavily, blinking away the tears. His throat was sore and voice raspy but it didn’t prevent him from continuing. “I’ve always have. I’ve always loved you. I… I wasn’t willing to admit it to myself, not least to you. I thought it was an error. In fact, I even
His entire life was revolving around Sherlock, a life that had been a grim and hapless one without him. John regretted every opportunity he had ever wasted, each single moment of not revealing that truth to him. Now it might have been too late as well, too much of a risk to take that step but John was willing to give everything so he could give Sherlock one more hint, anything, so Sherlock would finally understand how he felt about him. John had already toyed with the notion a couple of times in the past few months, he wanted to fight the fear and admit he was in love, but each time he back pedalled instead, concluding that it might have been as well an utterly unwise move, especially now, considering the current conditions. It didn't matter how heedfully he'd wanted to approach the topic. Sherlock was grieving, dealing with somewhat a dark secret he’d been reluctant to reveal for decades and Mary was determined to keep them separated, John realised, judging from the amount of virulent calls he’d already received that morning. But those words were on the tip of John’s tongue already, threatening to crawl out of his mouth in spite of his own will, in spite of such an inconvenient timing.
forever,“ Sherlock argued, disrupting John mid-sentence. “John, I am not forcing you into doing something that I know you find uncomfortable. I would never again do anything like that, especially now, that I know how you
Now that Sherlock single-handedly obliterated even the last remnants of John's doubts, it would be the perfect time to say
more,“ Sherlock replied, ignoring the hot flush building up in his face once John mentioned the word ‘love’.
“Sentiment, Sherlock,“ Mycroft replied, his voice finally soothing down, even his face has softened. “Maybe you should switch off that brain of yours for a second and look into your
I mean, we weren't cuddling! God, we accidentally ended up tangled in a position of... um, very intimate nature, which happens sometimes, by an accident... so, what I am saying, I guess is that I shouldn't have overreacted the way I did. Yes.
He throws a glance at the bags, sighs, doesn't bother anymore. Heads to Sherlock's armchair. Sits down, strokes the arms of the chair.
“Does Mary know?“ he asked once the words were no longer stuck in his throat, talking to a vague spot somewhere in the distance rather than John. “Does she know you have all these suspicions?“
close to the climax and with each next thrust he only gets closer. He bites and kisses along the side of Sherlock's neck and presses their lips together once more, but then Sherlock reaches to grab a hold of his hair and pushes his tongue inside the wet heat of his mouth and John simply can't hold back any longer.
“Hold on. You-you forgot about something,“ Sherlock whispers, lowering John’s hand to his lips, pecking it just so tenderly.
Sherlock seems to be unfazed by this, or perhaps he finds it amusing even, judging by the low chuckle that’s just rumbled deep in his chest.
“Mhm. Do me a favour and pick something so outrageously expensive it will make Mycroft’s head spin.”
“S-sure, yeah, as you wish, yeah, that’s a great idea, I’ll draw a bath,“ John nodded in agreement, already half-way toward the bathroom.
John can’t even avert his eyes to check Sherlock’s expressions. It is mesmerising to watch his chest rising and falling so heavily as he pants with pleasure, ice cube in John’s hand leaving wet traces behind and so making Sherlock’s alabaster skin glisten beautifully, almost as if he was bathing in the silver moonlight.
… thirty,“ Sherlock groaned out of desperation, quickly shuffling and leaning down over John’s mouth again.
Maybe she was right but Sherlock refused to give up so easily, not after what he’s been through, not after what he’s learnt. “So you rather going to hurt him once more, you will continue on lying to him, devil knows how you are going to secure a child once you are due to give birth, just so you can keep on living in this fantasy?“
. John has just spotted Harrington in the doorway and to say that it has ruined his already miserable mood even more, would be an understatement.
“I guess- you’re not wrong,“ Sherlock sighed, closing his eyes. “But that doesn’t mean I am scared,“ he added with a raised finger. “I am just- For God’s sake-Mary is-“
Sherlock could have only guess why Mary chose this rather a strange place to meet up with him at. There could’ve been wide number of reasons, detective has been toying with few possibilities, but each one seemed to be a part of such an improbable scenario that he’d rather stopped dwelling about this topic for any longer.
“No. I want to keep it,“ he replies at last, slouching further below and spreading his legs even wider.
“There’s something we haven’t discussed yet,“ Sherlock piped out after a while, scrubbing at what was left of the tomato sauce.
“No, let me, John,“ Sherlock insisted, fiddling with his fingers.  He jumped off the couch, roaming around the room as he kept on talking in a bit sharpish manner. “I was supposed to support you, not ruin everything again. I am an idiot, I admit that you surprised me a bit with your frankness, but still… what I’ve done was
“Sherlock, wait, wait-“ John giggled once drawing back an inch. Sherlock was smiling so hard against his lips that it was simply useless to keep pretending that what they were doing was actually kissing.
Through the open door - we get to see Sherlock, shambling across the kitchen. Sleepy, rubbing his eyes.
Keeping his eyes closed, John reaches behind himself, gropes in the air, searching for his phone on the nightstand, grabs it.
you’d regret it. What was I supposed to do, John? Make sure she would rot in the jail? What about the baby? You haven’t told me about your suspicions, you haven’t told me how you’d felt, you’ve told me
“I hope you don’t mind, Sherlock.“ His voice dropped low, a husky, rough whisper into Sherlock’s ear that made his heart race.
“Sherlock, I – I didn’t want to tell you, not while you’re still being in such a poor state,“ John spluttered, apologising hastily. “God, this shouldn’t have happened, you should be resting, not-“
Sherlock forced his way up the stairs at once, leaving Mrs Hudson behind despite she had grabbed the sleeve of his coat to stop him.
This time it was Sherlock’s back colliding with the cold bathroom wall, one of John’s hands in between his legs, palming him so vigorously as if John had no other intention but to make Sherlock come in his pants.
thing I’ve ever heard,“ Sherlock convoked, gesticulating with his hands in the most theatrical fashion. “Even if you’ve never danced into his life with that ugly bittersweet smile on your face, he would never… John doesn’t feel that way.“
Going back to experimenting would be more than just a little useless and watching the telly was also out of the question. After minutes of mindless switching between the channels Sherlock concluded that the television is just a source of simply too much idiocy and he certainly wasn’t in the mood to be coping with it. He tried to soothe himself down through the music of his violin but his fingers were trembling too much to hold the bow steadily. If Sherlock wasn’t such a lover of the graceful melody the instrument was able to compose, he would undoubtedly throw it against the wall out of the sheer frustration.
to. Baby or not. Yes, you’re right, that innocent being is in no way responsible for what a vicious person her mother is. But I just
A cry was close to escape his throat when he realised how much blood John already lost and how much precious time he’s already wasted just kneeling down there, serving no purpose at all apart from blaming himself for what happened. Not letting off the other man, who wasn’t responding, but fortunately still breathing at least, he managed to reach into his pocket to pick his phone and then call an ambulance, something which he knew he should’ve done seconds ago.
“Sherlock, come on-“ John leaned even closer, his voice soft, merely a whisper. He noticed how Sherlock crouched down a little so the height difference was minimal, how his breathing quickened once there was basically no distance between them anymore. Sherlock’s face from this close was ethereally gorgeous. Even in the light as mild as the room had been filled with, John could have marvelled over the beauty that was radiating from the other man. He was well aware of that what he was about to say might disrupt the moment and draw a gap between them again, but he decided to take the risk again, whatever the cost.
Once John notices the couple at the door, he freezes in the spot. He has to play along too, though, no matter how much of an uncomfortable situation it is.
Sherlock opened his mouth only to close it again, swallowing dryly before finally locking their eyes again.
, so full of me when I come inside you. Fuck, you take my cock so well, you take me so well, Sherlock-“
“Wait, I didn’t mean-“Sherlock didn’t even manage to finish his sentence. The water was already running so he followed John instead, waddling down the corridor. Once he stepped into the bathroom he’d been hit by such a dazzling smell of lavender and chamomile that for a brief moment he forgot what even he was doing there in the first place. Sherlock was sure that he just must’ve walked in on John while he was about to have a bubble bath himself, the only thing missing were the candles that were usually scattered all over the room.
, John,“ Sherlock titters, rocking back and forth on his heels. As it transpires, John has successfully managed to turn his brain into a useless mush, touch of his lips being the only thing Sherlock is capable of focusing on in this surreal moment.
“Yes… yes we used to,“ John sighed. The fact it was no longer true was something John didn’t need to be reminded of at all. If he could he would move back in within a beat, never again thinking of the possibility of leaving Sherlock. He would stay with Sherlock, whether confessing his true feelings for him or not. Even though Sherlock seemed to be still convinced that what John wanted the most was to stay with his
your fault, Sherlock. You warned me. If I had listened to you and didn't act on my own, none of it would have happened... I didn’t even thank you yet,“ he laments, lowering his gaze. "For saving my life back then."
to be the one, so pray tell, did you leave me out of your plan just because you once again thought I am going to ruin it? I guess the answer is already given, but I wonder how honest you’re prepared to be.“
John grins, shakes his head in amusement. He grabs Sherlock, passes one hand underneath Sherlock's knees, the other under his back, lifts him up.
“I-I actually made two cups already,“ Sherlock tittered, but John was oblivious to the perplexity in his behaviour.
“I shouldn’t have left you waiting for such a long time... My God, everything could have been different, only if I weren't such an idiot,“ he lets out a shaky sigh, ever so leisurely running his hand up Sherlock’s back. His other hand reaches up to cradle Sherlock’s cheek, drawing small circles with his thumb.
“Jesus,” John breathes out, dazzled by the sight above him. “I am running out of superlatives here.”
“Wait,“ John’s mind suddenly clicked in a horrible realisation. “The torture you’ve been talking about without knowing I am listening… is this the-“
. But is that truly such a disadvantage, Mycroft? Yes, obviously, John has always been an exception, he - he makes me feel stronger, worthy. He’s
“This lofty nurse here won’t let me in, Mycroft,“ he lamented. If he was a little child he would surely put his foot down but even as an adult he wasn’t very far from it.
Sherlock, before we met, I was just a... A broken man. But you picked me up and put me back together. Nobody else could. You cured my limp, you healed my heart and soul. You brought me back to life. And I am all yours, Sherlock and I promise to love, cherish and protect you until my last breath. I love you.
Sherlock blinked, his cheeks turning bright red even though he was sure he must have misinterpreted John’s words. Again. “T-together?“
John sighed, taking both of Sherlock's hands into his own and pressed their foreheads together. “I know what I just said and I... I am sorry, Sherlock, but I meant it, yes. What you did to me was-”
On Sherlock's face again, frowning. Was it just a dream? He closes his eyes again, tries to calm himself, but then-
“First of all, I am not even sure where I am going with this, so bear with me please. What I want to ask you however, is something what has been bothering me since I heard you say it,“ Sherlock uttered, his tongue heavy and dry in his mouth as if it refused to cooperate with him.
John needs a moment to perceive but as soon as he does, he bursts into giggles and gently bumps into Sherlock’s shoulder. “Because we’re not
Sherlock couldn’t resist quipping a little, he’d probably try to joke around even if his life trembled in the balance, even if he was facing his worst enemy who was about to end his life in the most sorrowful way possible. Mary replied in an instant but she naturally refused to play along.
He pipes down, as if a thought has occurred to him. His eyes go up, he looks around the room again, scrutinising. Looks at the skull painting on the wall. The original one.
Sherlock almost wished John would avoid his eyes while doing so, eyes incredibly dark now that his pupils were so blown due to arousal, eyes glinting with desire, piercing through Sherlock as he held his hand so gently, licking up and down the digits and twirling his tongue in the most obscene fashion, moaning still quietly but intensively enough so Sherlock felt every vibration pulsing through his body.
.” Sherlock's voice has instantly softened. Gone is the glum expression, as well as the stern look in his eyes. “If it's fine by you,” he shrugs, as if in attempt to convince himself that it's not a big deal. ”I-I know we started, well,
instead.“ Without another word uttered, he reached into the pocket of his coat and whipped out what was just a single cigarette. He held off his hand but Sherlock refused the offer.
who wanted to return in the first place but now… now you act like you’d rather be anywhere else. At least you were up until ten minutes ago. Which is frankly, a tad confusing. As difficult as it is, to admit that.“
Sherlock stiffens. Panicking, he grabs the flower, throws it away, then quickly turns to John, as if nothing happened.
This is all Sherlock's fault. For the first time in my life I had an opportunity to lead a normal life. With you. But no. Sherlock must have ruined everything. He always does that. Always the same old annoying pest.
“No, no, no, it’s all okay, Sherlock.“ John couldn’t keep his eyes dry anymore, despite trying to convince himself how silly was to cry over such things. “You have all the time in the world. I didn’t mean to sound like I am persuading you into something you don’t want. I am sorry, love, I am sorry, I-hey, what’s wrong?“ John frowned once Sherlock’s face stiffened and his mouth fell open in an inaudible gasp.
,” John licks his lips and props himself up on his elbows so he can watch. Spreading his legs even further, he buckles his hips and prompts Sherlock to touch him, take him inside his mouth,
This time Sherlock doesn’t even need to think especially hard, he knows exactly what John is about to do. He can feel his heart pounding faster at the notion, even skipping a beat once John leans in and licks the fabric of his pants, breathing in the strong, almost intoxicating musky scent, stroking Sherlock’s cock with his palm and lips through the thin layer of cloth before he bites down on the waistband and pulls Sherlock’s pants down, finally releasing the tension that’s been building up for so long.
On John and Sherlock, still kissing. Sherlock has ignored the ring but John - his eyes fly wide open. Hastily, he rolls away from Sherlock, kicks the covers away, springs out of the bed.
“What is there left to explain?“ John frowned, acting rather indifferently. “I overheard enough last night, what I had witnessed was kind of sufficient, Sherlock.“
As soon as John swipes the keycard to open the door, Sherlock stomps through and with the heaviest possible sigh leans against the opposite wall.
“You don’t say,“ Sherlock cried out, slowly losing temperance. “I have his blood on my clothes as you can see, I am very well aware of what happened last night- no, don’t look at me like that, God, I am not the one who shot him. I am one of the very few people who truly care about him, John has no living relatives. Apart from his dotty alcohol-addicted sister, he’s got no one but me, you
“It’s… it’s fine,“ John stammers, attempting to fib but his voice betrays him. Sherlock instinctively reaches for John’s hand, in public or not, he doesn’t care, not when John needs him so, not when he can tell he’s not quite as fine as he claims.
him first and foremost. He could feel that he wasn’t quite brilliant yet (he was far from it), but he was getting a tad better at least and John seemed to enjoy it.
“Who told you? Him?“ She beckoned towards Sherlock who remained silent but was as much surprised as Mary.
to be reminded. Sherlock's ability to remember every detail under the Sun, relevant or not, is sometimes more of a nuisance than advantage.
On John and Sherlock, they're striding down a pathway, passing various animal exhibits. On their faces - furious, determined.
think I believed that? Not for one second. Why do you think I was so terrified you would do something stupid? Nothing has ever affected you so greatly. I’ve never seen you withering like this. I - I didn’t know what to expect, I was scared you would-“
Once Sherlock nestles himself, John climbs on top of him and straddles his lap, creating the ever so desired friction. Sherlock's back arches at the very first contact, the feeling of John's erection against his own kindling fire in every cell of his body.
before his voice cracked and he could say no more. He stared at John in mild shock, watching him as he shuffled closer, this time not hesitating to place a hand over his shoulder.
Sherlock smiles, leaning back and propping himself up on his elbows. “Once we get back to our room, you
“Yes,“ he uttered bluntly, steeling himself before lifting up his gaze. There wasn’t a grin hanging upon John’s face however, his lips were parted and for reason beyond Sherlock, the monitors around him were beeping rapidly again. They both ignored that this time.
“If I am not mistaken, this house must’ve belonged to your family, am I not right? Your mother was of English origin, so naturally, you’ve most likely inherited it from
The usual. They break in without being seen, take the money, disappear like smoke. It's becoming an ugly routine.
“Go away, please,“ John hisses, not even throwing a glance at Sherlock. Sherlock freezes halfway toward his chair but for John’s own good he must ignore his pleas. Leaving him alone in such a miserable state is not an option Sherlock’s willing to choose.
This time Sherlock doesn't look away. He watches John stroke himself and work his mouth up and down his cock until finally, as the pre-come starts to drip down John's chin, Sherlock's muscles tighten and he spills, hot and heavy, inside John's mouth. John continues to lick and suck, swallowing every last drop until Sherlock's cock softens against his tongue.
?” John sobbed, dangerously close to bursting into tears. “Sherlock, whatever other fate would be kinder than losing the one person that mattered the most to me in the whole world.”
“We appreciate it,“ Sherlock retorted but Mrs Hudson kept on jabbering as if she didn’t even notice that mild sarcasm in his voice.
“Who are you even supposed to be?“ Getting no valid answers in return, the nurse just glared all puzzled at him, determined to not back off.
Sherlock offered no reply, but there wasn’t even a need, John understood. He wavered for just a couple of moments before he turned around and headed for the bedroom, leaving Sherlock alone with his mixed thoughts and feelings.
idea... how glad I am that you got rid of that moustache,” Sherlock added between the kisses, and in turn, made John giggle even harder. Which is why they weren't exactly
“No, that’s cause I want to see you happy,“ John said but wavered before leaning up for a kiss. “You didn’t mind, did you?“
First time Sherlock’s hips jerk the moment John grips him more tightly, licking from the base to the tip of his cock, repeating the same move until Sherlock’s blurting out his name and tightly grasping the sheets. His free hand darts toward John so he can run his fingers through his hair and show him just how euphoric he’s making him feel.
“So you’re saying I am trapped forever?“ John groaned, putting his hands on his hips. “With the person I don’t love, person who had hurt me, betrayed me, mocked me,
A beat. Then finally, John perceives, hurries to put the engagement ring on Sherlock's left ring finger. His hands are shaking a little, it's a huge moment.
now?” John's sigh echoes loudly in the empty hallway. He's not in the mood for games. With a frown, he scans the long, narrow room - up and down and right and left - but they seem to be all by themselves.
Things could have gone only worse at this point, and much to Sherlock’s dismay they certainly did. His throat tightened, desperation and hopelessness growing upon realising that John is not respiring anymore.
“We want no strangers around the flat. Don’t you remember what happened the last time you shared our secrets with other people?“ Sherlock pouted, ignoring the unnecessarily sarcastic remarks of his brother. “And I
Sherlock can feel his breath quickening, heart hammering loudly in his ears yet he still tries to concentrate on other the sounds, sloppy noises of his cock sinking into John’s mouth, wet and nasty once John swallows around him but it’s the friction, John’s soft lips and tongue and gentle fingers pressing against the hard throbbing flesh, feelings of pleasure that are so inexplicable and sensational that not even John’s firm hand can keep Sherlock lying idly any more.
Sherlock was roaming through the city for well over an hour already, shivering in cold, his suit soaking wet even though the rain had ceased already and his feet as tired as if he’d just travelled miles, the truth, however, was that he wasn’t walking so aimlessly anymore. Soon he recognised the old, shabby buildings, buildings he remembered seeing earlier that day, a narrow block of fire brick and slate grey walls that were lining the road from each side. He walked slouched for another few minutes, his steps becoming less and less confident until he stopped at once, anxiously gulping at the sight of a tall, iron gate that appeared in front of him.   What lied behind the fence had been a world of its own, peaceful but mysterious, resting beneath the crowns of giant, ancient oaks.
Noticing the horror in his client's eyes, Sherlock doesn't expand upon what he's deduced. He leans forward in his seat, tries to reassure her.
you didn’t actually believe any of that, Sherlock. You’ve proved it so many times, I am surprised you actually tried to fool me again,“ John crossed him arms.
he wants to talk. About the two of them and their relationship, the kiss they shared the other night and now there’s the darn cigarette too but in the same time, he’s well aware that opening his heart to Sherlock could potentially lead to several disastrous outcomes, and that is a risk he is not willing to take just yet.
John could as well turn green with jealousy. Persuading Sherlock to work on this case might not have been such a brilliant idea after all.
Sherlock did, for a second. All before he realised that Mary knows what’s been brewing up from her from the very start.
“We should... go back to our room,” he hears himself say but doesn't make a move until Sherlock replies.
John sighed, he was anything but pleased with what Sherlock was planning to do, but trying to reason with him was useless. “I guess you’re right,“ he nodded at once but still avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. “Honestly, I will, feel better knowing that she’s not running freely around. Do what you must, but for God’s sake, be
“Beach. Beach sounds nice,” John says, a bit absently, that is. Sherlock, however, seems to be completely unaware of the effect he's having on him. Oblivious, like always.
” Sherlock implores and John more than happily obliges. In a few swift motions, he undoes Sherlock's belt and trousers, never breaking the eye contact. Sherlock's mouth falls open in a silent moan as John's fingers tantalisingly slowly slide into his pants, thread through his pubic hair and finally curl around the base of his cock.
Sherlock couldn't sound more vexed if he tried. If John weren't used to his grumbling, he would too, be on the verge of exasperation by now but this time he handles it with a smile on his lips. Such demeanour seems to confound Sherlock.
The moment the detective stepped into the poorly lit room, his eyes darted over the plush chair, chair in which John sat just hours before the incident. Sherlock groaned at the mere sight of it.
“Since three minutes ago. I mean, I could go to a SPA but I trust you, as a doctor, will do a better job.”
doing fine. But it takes a lot of time to heal completely,“ Sherlock remarks, stroking John’s hand to appease him. “It’s a long, difficult process, full of obstacles, John. But look at yourself, look at what you’ve achieved already. You’re getting there, step by step. I am so proud of you for doing so well, John.“
of that. You’re in a really bad place right now, you miss your brother. You were trying to convince me that you’re a cruel, heartless monster, yes,
“Really?“ Sherlock’s breath hitched once John leaned in, tip of his tongue swiftly running over his bottom lip. So John
you. We can assume that she wants to kill you, whatever it takes. She’s playing with you, fooling around and on top of that, she blames you for all bad that had happened to her. Isn’t this what you’ve said once?“
“What a shame,“ John sighs, but his voice cracks in his attempt to choke back a laugh so hard. “I had prepared some more, but since you want none-“
“What's going on here?” John asks through gritted teeth, but his voice is almost creepily calm. Putting the glasses on the table, he takes a step toward Marco, who, however, doesn't seem to be intimidated in the slightest.
“There you go,“ he smiled, cupping Sherlock’s cheek, his thumb brushing over the place he’s just sealed. Sherlock closed his eyes, committing himself to John’s warm touch, touch that made him feel so loved and protected. But it also made him remember what they both seemed to be reluctant to talk about. Even though Sherlock was well aware of that their future depended on whether they decide to discuss the subject or not. So after a moment of consideration, he allowed himself to take a deep breath in order to encourage himself before speaking up.
A wide shot of John and Sherlock. They're walking leisurely, hand in hand, down the street. Wearing coats over their wedding suits.
Sherlock squeezes John’s hands in response, gently, having such a knot in his throat he wouldn’t be able to speak even if he knew what to say.
Sherlock’s face split into a huge grin, he seemed to be attempting to reply but in the end, he burst into shy giggles and John soon joined him, finally releasing even the last remnants of tension.
Sherlock stares at him for a few seconds, intently, as if trying to read his thoughts before finally giving a nod of agreement.
turn. You’ve done much more than I could have asked for, John. You didn’t go home, you didn’t sleep upstairs, well, you didn’t sleep at all. I am glad you didn’t refuse to wear something more comfortable at least. I was afraid you’d decline.“
,“ Sherlock seethed, his fists clenching upon he reminded himself of what a horrible harm has been caused upon John. “There is
was the one who was supposed to ask these kind of questions and yet, despite being in such a bad place himself, John didn’t stop proving himself to be the most caring and considerate person under the sun.
“Well, as a matter of fact, I am surprised myself, John. I should’ve known better at this point. I should’ve known you were going to figure it out yourself. There’s no use fooling such a smart man like you, is there?“
“So you imitated James Bond for nothing,“ John attempted to flash Sherlock a smile but his lips tugged into rather a tense crook instead.
Sherlock stares, wide-eyed and panting. His stomach drops at the prospect of what is about to follow once they enter the flat.
“I wouldn’t count on it, John.“ Mary felt everything but fear. There was even a smirk on her face, one that was supposed to alert them that she is the one in charge and they are supposed to play by her rules.
“I-I thought we could get some food before heading home,“ he says, licking his lips. “Or better yet, eat somewhere out, I am already starving. You
Licking his lips, John gives another low chuckle, his hands caressing languidly up Sherlock's back again before he returns to massaging his shoulders.
be a fantasy. Or even worse - a huge misunderstanding, Sherlock thinks. The smile on John’s face however, smile so genuine, beaming like the Sun itself, feels real, realer than ever before.
He walks toward the door, leans against the frame with his arms crossed. A little smirk on his face.
As he reaches the door, he glances at Sherlock one more time, crestfallen, barely holding back the tears.
“Why?“ Sherlock’s jaw clenched. His mind has been clogged with false assumptions and surmises, suddenly the idea of his own brother deceiving him like this wasn’t even as preposterous as it could seem at first.
There was a special room suited for all these little details in Sherlock’s mind palace. If there was a way to materialize that place it would be as ample as a library and filled with books that held the words devoted to no one but John Watson. Sherlock often spend hours taking walks between those shelves, remembering John, breathing him in, sometimes even talking to him, usually when he couldn’t be there with him in person.
“Because, now that you told me the truth, and... well, after taking some time to process and accept it... I have to assume that it’s not just these lies she could destroy your life with. I thought she was no longer...harmless, but considering how badly she's treating you and on purpose even... that seems to be far from true. Unfortunately. If you're right about her intentions to keep you on a leash no matter what, then she will never let the divorce go quietly. The worse, of course, is that she could
Alright, I am sure your story is very entertaining, Mrs. Hudson, but I have to go. Right now. Proposal, remember?
But what? You can't simply tell me that two years of my life did not actually happen at all and expect me to act like it's alright. Because it's not. It's against all logic.
I know you do and I know it sounds insane to you, frankly, it sounds insane to me too, but having memories of those moments does not make them true, Sherlock. Dreams that occur during a coma can be extremely vivid. They might seemed real to you but-
“Hey,“ the man grinned, folding his hands behind his back as he stepped closer, “hope I am not interrupting.“
“Right. My sincerest apologies.” John's laugh is contagious enough to make the corners of Sherlock's lips tug upwards again. Two can play this game though.
Sherlock shakes his head. His frown deepens, as if he's trying to recall the lost memories but to no avail.
it,” Sherlock huffs, gives John a nudge in the ribs and quickly buries his face in the pillow as though to hide. John has never seen him turn that red
“Mmm, you like that?“ Sherlock was seemingly not capable of breathing out words, so he just frantically nodded in response, urging John to continue. And so John did. He nipped and only very gently suckled on the lobe before he let the tip of his tongue to tickle the sensitive skin behind Sherlock’s ear.
“We would have to share a bed,“ Sherlock added, his eyes locked firmly upon John’s face. “Would you mind?“ The way Sherlock’s husky voice dropped so low was positively enrapturing. John was once again close from grabbing him by the shirt collar and pulling him down so to chain their lips at once but the mere sound of Sherlock’s voice, especially used in such seducing manner, made him forget how to function for a second.
Silence descends again. Sherlock stares at his toast, but doesn't take a bite, seems to be distracted, still.
Sherlock appears to be far too flustered to notice the whimper that just escaped his throat. He catches himself wishing he could kiss John back, preferably on his lips. An instant later, however, he’s getting rid of those very thoughts, cursing himself for having such fantasies John would definitely not approve of. At least Sherlock assumes he wouldn’t. He can't be that sure anymore.
Sherlock takes a quick glance at him, not surprised that he has been listening. Doesn't move an inch though.
considered it a weakness or not. He was just trying to protect you from getting your feelings hurt. Sherlock, you’ve never meant to be alone, you’ve never been and you never will, you’ll always have
“So you’re finally willing to accept that caring about people who are important to you is not exactly a sign of weakness?“
do they are stupid, John,“ Sherlock says. “The only ones who are ugly are those who allow some pathetic prejudice and social constructs to influence their opinion of others. That’s
“I am going to stop you right there, Sherlock. I don't give a crap about any of that,” John growled coldly. “Two years, damn it. Over seven hundred days. And I counted every one of them. And every single one of them felt like a nightmare.”
He's done so much harm, Mr. Holmes. I cannot risk him bursting through my door one day to punish me for suing him.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it?“ Sherlock started. “First it turns out that Mary is pretty well aware of that we’re after her and then you appear out of nowhere, just
Wider: Rather a busy London street. An apartment block. John and Sherlock, standing in front of one of the doors. Waiting.
But I remember her, John. I remember playing with your daughter as clearly as I remember the moment I met you for the first time.
“Now I do,” Sherlock chuckles and locks their lips again in a much more vigorous kiss. He wraps his arm around John's back, rolls over him and pushes him into the mattress, his intention perfectly clear. John's chest rises and falls heavily as Sherlock straddles him and teasingly rocks his hips. He is just as hard as John and just as eager.
,“ he had to take a pause along with a deep encouraging breath upon letting out the word, “I scatter off like a fearful rabbit. J-John, I’ve never-“
Each time you accused me of being in love with Irene Adler. Yes. Clearly, I wasn't trying hard enough either.
,“ he muttered after a moment of thoughtful reconsideration, letting out a tired sigh. A word that still tasted like a poison on his tongue, even though Sherlock had already accepted that fear was not meant to be anything he should be embarrassed for.
“I know you’re not stupid,“ Sherlock cut him short before John managed to finish his sentence. “You’re clever and brave, John, you’re everything a good man should be.
Sherlock's lips spread into the giddiest grin. “Oh, definitely,” he giggles, then rolls over John and kisses him. “Whatever happened to you not willing to take it further than kissing?”
to ease your suffering, but one thing you can’t ask from me is to leave you alone and ignore your pain.“
, not when Mary and her baby was in picture, not when Mycroft was gone. Not when Sherlock still didn’t fully comprehend what John actually felt. Fear of rejection had always been one of the main reasons why he'd stayed so quiet about his feelings.
“Sherlock, she stormed in and didn’t even ask why I am here in the first place,“ John remarked. “She simply
Now on Sherlock, still wearing pyjamas, enters the kitchen with a yawn. At once, he comes to a freezing halt, does a double take upon noticing John, as if he isn't sure whether he is really there or not.
“Well then, I am glad,“ John uttered once he calmed down. “Truth be told, I’d rather not hear a word about her ever again, Sherlock but fine… let’s go back to the point, let’s say you’re right about those mails… What are you-what are we going to do about this?“ John asked, tightly wrapping his arms over Sherlock’s shoulders again.
Neither of them seemed to pay attention to the silent squeaks coming from the corridor from behind Mary’s back. Not at first anyway. Sherlock noticed a single creak of floorboards, a footstep in the distance but it was all he could hear. And still, it was just him and John’s wife who were occupying the room.
Sherlock clearly didn’t plan on wasting too much time because not even five minutes after turning on the water he was already drying himself.
then materialised literally out of nowhere right in the middle of my engagement and thought I'd find it funny if he cracked a joke about my terrible moustache.”
Sherlock blinks at John, tad perplexed. “It’s not my place to say. You… You have nowhere to hurry, John. I didn’t mean to sound like I - God, I should have kept my mouth shut. Let's just forget about it, shall we? It was preposterous of me.“
Back on John and Sherlock, they exchange a look, as if to make sure the other one is having the same thoughts.
Frantically typing another message, Sherlock springs from his chair, begins to nervously pace around the room.
“Lead the way then,“ John beckons, but as soon as they step toward the gate he slows down again, crossing his arms and smirking somewhat suspiciously.
“But what if I am never going to be good enough? What if you get tired of kissing me one day, hm? What if-“
It took no more than a few more thrusts before Sherlock’s body shuddered around John, his cock throbbing between them, slapping against John’s belly as John rocked his hips, fucking him throughout his climax that flooded Sherlock’s entire body with waves of pleasure. Sherlock came untouched, crying John’s name out, panting and groaning in ecstasy but still goading John even more, even after his voice completely gave in. He felt his heart hammering inside his chest, his come dripping quickly down his thighs and John’s legs and stomach but the only thing he could truly focus on once finally coming back to himself was John talking dirty to him, looking down between their bodies, at his own cock entering and pulling out of Sherlock fast before he released inside him.
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat, without even realising it he was suddenly on his feet, bent over John with his hands on both of his shoulders. “You okay, should I call a nurse?“
“Well, I didn’t do this to myself on purpose, obviously. That man I was chasing tricked me and I had to change the route. If I wanted to get to him in time there was no other option but to crash through the window so I could cut his way-“
John has already changed into the sleepwear and got into bed but trying to focus on anything other than the notion of Sherlock currently showering in the bathroom seems to be absolutely futile. As it happens, Sherlock steps out of the bathroom just as this very vivid image pops into John’s mind and...
“You don’t have to be sorry, it-it doesn’t matter,“ Sherlock opposed, his voice trembling as he spoke. It didn’t hit him until then how immensely wrong he really was, how stupid of him was trying to make up such absurd excuses for Mary's sinister behaviour, especially since the one suffering here was evidently John and despite Sherlock's initial belief she really seemed to be well aware of her harmful actions. For a moment Sherlock couldn't even bring himself to open his mouth and speak again, his brain was like paralysed, not responding to anything, not even John's voice this time. Not until a couple of seconds later at least, but the reaction was hardly one John expected.
Sherlock responds with a sound akin to a purr first before he manages a reply. “I... Better than I imagined.”
“I don’t know about you, but I do need to sleep, Sherlock,” John utters, adjusting his pillow, then lies down on his left side, so he’s still facing Sherlock.
feel like it,“ John assured him. “I thought we’d already agreed on that. Sherlock, I don’t want to make you feel like I am pushing you into it. I do realise that I have been acting like a moron yesterday, but-“
“Y-yes, but... truth be told after all that had happened I completely forgot - w-why didn’t you tell me about the pool?“ John felt betrayed for a second.
have,“ John exclaimed. “In fact, I was supposed to tell you long ago, but… Jesus, do you have any idea how hard it is to live like this? In this fear that people will learn about your secret?“
As soon as the tea was ready, Sherlock crossed the room, handing off one of the mugs to John who reached for it without a word but a heart-warming smile on his face. Sherlock‘s stomach sunk once again once John’s fingers tenderly brushed his, he decided to not comment on that however. John didn’t even notice how the colour of his cheeks transmitted through all the shades of pink, although he
Sherlock's lips stretch into the sincerest smile. “Of course I do, every word. I am not going to pretend - the way it is, it’s not okay at all, no, but it
“Because… Jesus, she was right, Sherlock,“ John sighed. It was clear that reminding himself of the events of this recent past was nothing he found a joy in. “I wouldn’t be able to do… to kill her. I was… I don’t know what I was thinking. I should’ve at least expected that after everything she’s done, that it’s useless trying to reason with her, fuck, how could have I been so naïve? I’ve heard her so heartlessly talking about this fake baby, about how she wanted to keep me just for her own sake, Sherlock, and I still believed, hoped, whatever, that she was not going to fire a bullet at you.“
“I am... sorry,” Sherlock whispered, at last, breaking the heavy silence that had descended. Not until now he fully realised how much he had actually
“I am afraid not, I am not very good with names. In fact, I have a rubbish memory. I am seldom capable of remembering anything important,” Sherlock gives a mock-serious sigh and John, despite feeling bad for it, has to try
“Come now, let’s take you back home,“ he suggests instead but judging from John’s reaction, he seems to be quite disappointed with the idea.
“Against the rest of the world,“ John finished, pulling Sherlock into one another kiss, hand squeezing Sherlock’s nape, his other one searching for Sherlock’s hand to take.
, John,“ Sherlock fumed but didn’t even consider moving an inch, just in case John would stop playing with his hair. “Mycroft clearly hired those guards to poke fun at me. He simply
John gasped, stuttering throughout his reply. “Sherlock, you – you can’t just apply the same... listen, you can’t even compare Mary to yourself. First of all, I am pretty sure that she knows exactly how much she's hurting me, she's not - God, Sherlock, what-what can be Mary
Yes, there was still a lot of unspoken things between them and Mary was still posing a threat to them, but Sherlock felt like none of that mattered in that moment. He walked down the hallway, eyes pierced upon John almost as if in fear that if he looked away John would disappear like a ghost.
He does attempt to shuffle away and sneak out but Sherlock only snuggles closer to him and nuzzles up against his chest like a cat. John doesn't seem to have another option, he's got to wake him up.
And so on the morning when Sherlock left the bed unusually early, John decided to finally talk him around a bit. Unfortunately, Sherlock seemed to be quite obnoxiously moody that day, John didn’t even managed to utter a word of what he wanted to discuss. Besides, it seemed that for the first time since the shooting, Mary decided to remind them of herself, or at least, that’s what Sherlock was convinced of once he opened his mailbox.
thinks of this evening, events of which have raised so many questions he hasn’t been given answers for just yet.
Once Sherlock turned around there was this short, raven haired nurse in a baby blue uniform dress giving him a look full of such umbrage as if she just caught him in the middle of a robbery.
“Well, I... I-” John clears his throat but to no use. His tongue feels heavy and dry and the tremors in his left hand make it only worse.
My whole life I could rely on my mind but now... It's betraying me. Nothing in the world makes any sense to me, John. It's like I've been thrown back in time. Hear how that sounds? Foolish. And yet I am supposed to accept it, just like that. I don't know what to believe anymore, do you understand?
, did you really believe that being with her was what would make me happy? That such a person would ever change? That I have forgiven her? How could I? I know she didn’t save your life, she’d nearly
The cab draws up at 221B. Sherlock leaps out first, eyes immediately going to the front door. As if a bit cautiously, he approaches the door.
what I saw there, and I-“ John groans, his entire body shuddering at the thought. “Sherlock, I wished I would have rather been dead.“
, John. I simply needed to be sure that it’s going to be okay, I needed to give it a free flow, I needed a
Sherlock gazes at John for a moment, an utterly broken expression. Then averts his eyes, turning his face to stare at the ceiling again.
“You look like you just experienced the best blow job of your life, John,“ Sherlock smirks, grabbing John’s nape and pulling him into a proper languid kiss.
“You worked for Moriarty,“ he said bluntly, the first thing that crossed his mind, expecting either an instant shot or at least a glimmer of reaction on Mary’s face but it appeared to be made of stone.
“I am sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you, John,“ Sherlock hangs his head, anxiously fiddling with his fingers.
Sherlock felt John’s fingers clasped around his forearm. It was an electrifying touch, one that transmitted jolts of rapture throughout his whole body. It paralyzed him before he was even able to offer a reply. On the second try he barely opened his mouth, the phone clenched in his hand beeped.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate answering this time, even though he had hoped that John would have figured it out by himself.
“I got a call at night, not so long after you went back to sleep,“ Sherlock continued upon receiving no reaction from John. His doctor simply kept on listening to him in silence while ever so carefully cleaning his wounds.
Sherlock stares at the painting, puzzled. He starts to walk toward it, but stops short at the sudden burst of pain in his body. Wincing, he presses his hand to his chest, only to realise the pain is coming from his gunshot wound, now only a scar but hurting, as if fresh. As he does, John's voice echoes through the room again.
deceiving people. But you said it yourself – we can't tell Harrington the truth. If we told him that his nephew had hired us to spy on him, he'd be raging. And so would the nephew. And besides, we're not officially working for anyone, which, as much as I hate to admit, gives Harrington every right to cause us troubles. Would be different if we actually
“Erm, yes,“ John clears his throat, quite reluctantly pulling back from staring at Sherlock’s lips. Having not even a glance at the menu, he quickly asks for the first thing that comes to his mind.
Sherlock sulked upon having a glance at his beeping phone. He was in the middle of an experiment, nothing of major importance, but he considered it more than just a nuisance when being disturbed.
That's what they want you to think. Money is not the primal goal, just a nice little bonus. If they wanted money they would choose one random bank, preferably the biggest one and take as much as they could. They wouldn't risk that much. No, they want to prove something.
A moment later - with a small sigh, he leans back in his seat. Grabs his mug, gently blows on his tea, just sits there, contemplating.
Home. Sherlock stiffened upon uttering that word. John used to call this flat his home, he’s not been even living there properly and it’s already been a place he felt safe and contented in. But then everything’s changed and Baker Street was no longer the place it used to be, cosy and warm, a little nest they shared and loved without ever having to express that love with spoken words. Once Sherlock returned after being gone for so long, John was no longer there and the place never felt colder and emptier. It was nothing more but a blank space, no beating heart that would make it feel alive.
One of many Sherlock's smiles that make John's stomach swarm with butterflies. Especially now as he follows Sherlock into the bedroom.
A few moments later, John's coming out the kitchen - the mug in his hand. He offers it to Sherlock, who reaches for it, without a word. Just stares at John.
Sherlock, I swear to you, whatever... horrors you've endured, it's over. You're awake, you're here with me and I, am here with you, right here. Soon you'll remember all of it very differently. It's not alright, no, not yet, but it will be, I promise.
Sherlock... Sherlock, can you hear me? Look at me, it's okay now, it's me, just me - John. You're safe here.
John thinks for a moment before he, unbeknownst to Sherlock, takes off one of his shoes and ever so slowly caresses up and down Sherlock’s leg. Sherlock’s breath hitches at that, but other than that, he seems to be almost perfectly relaxed. At least on the outside.
“Jesus, you scared the hell out of me,“ John breathed out, “I thought-“ he was cut short once Sherlock tossed his arms over his shoulders, pulling him into even a tighter hug. John decided to ask no questions once Sherlock nuzzled against him, burying his face against the crook of his neck. He embraced him, letting him cry on his shoulder. John ran his hand up and down Sherlock’s sweaty back, soothing him, calming him down, making sure his breathing was soon about to return to normal.
“Sherlock?” John suddenly enters the anteroom, tying up his gown as he does. “What's taking you so... long.”
“Like where?“ John snorted, beckoning behind self. “Sherlock, I slept once or twice there on that couch and let me tell you it’s
“No, I am – I am glad you’ve stayed,“ Sherlock murmured, lowering his eyes. “Quite surprised but glad. You’ve done no wrong, John.“
A moment later. Sherlock shifts in his sleep, snuggles closer to John. John gulps. Doesn't look uncomfortable, rather worried, what happens after Sherlock wakes up -
As soon as he retreated however, John squirmed in place, mumbling something incoherent in sleep, something sounding so close to Sherlock’s name that Sherlock almost fell from the chair out of shock.
“Sherl... Sherlock?” Patting Sherlock's arm turns out to be of no use, merely elicits a displeased whine from him. It's only after John's slightly shaking hand reaches to stroke Sherlock's cheek, that he scrunches up his nose and slowly opens his eyes.
“I-I swear that I’ve tried to pull through and scramble back on my feet, but it’s futile,“ he bemoans. “I can’t even sleep, I am having nightmares. These memories,
“I’ll start as soon as you have a cup of tea and a proper snack. You need it after what nasty gruels they fed you in the hospital.“
Holding on John's face for a few moments. We hear a door creak, then footsteps patting down the corridor. John turns to look.
The moment he was about to give up, almost as a sign that he shouldn’t, about a half dozen of people rushed up the stairs and down the hallway, approaching Sherlock and the man he was now just hopelessly embracing in his arms.
John grins. “I am not exactly a young chap anymore. But if you keep looking at me like that...” he licks his lips and drops his gaze to Sherlock's lap, his grin growing even wider. “As soon as possible I hope...”
In the meantime, John has mustered up all the courage in the world. He's risen and is now approaching Sherlock.
“It wouldn’t have any effect whatsoever. We can’t talk to each other like we’re mechanically reciting lines, Sherlock. It has to come naturally, on the spur of the moment.”
Sherlock at first didn’t notice those distinctive sounds of footsteps coming from behind the doors. All he heard was a creak of wood when the door has been pushed and opened and the guest already entered the room. It was Mrs Hudson who Sherlock expected, but no, it wasn’t her who stepped into the dimly lighted space. When Sherlock turned over to - as politely as he was capable of - kick the quite unwelcomed intruder off the flat, his mouth felt open instead, hot mug almost slipping out of his hands.
. I’ve seen many injuries, many men, losing their arms and legs, some of them wounded so horribly so their own families didn’t recognise their faces.
“Not yet, I understand, Sherlock,“ John smiled at him. “Now go already. And don’t you dare to think about anyone but me,“ he added in a mock-serious tone, receiving half-outrageous, half-amused glance from Sherlock.
Sherlock, circling around the sitting room,checking his notepad. John is sitting in his armchair, on his laptop.
“I’ve been tidying up a little,“ Sherlock nonchalantly waved his hand but then his eyes twinkled up like fairy lights upon noticing John’s half-astounded, half-shocked face. “Have you seen the kitchen yet? I cleaned the fridge.“
going to change my mind about you nor will I ever regret the decisions I made in relation to you. You get that? I want this. I want
rather proud of it,“ Sherlock mumbled, fiddling with the hem of his gown. “Listening to such music… One can hardly resist to...“
Sherlock nodded even though he could hardly focus on anything but John’s wet lips, whimpering into John’s mouth upon having his curls tugged and pulled. Sherlock’s hand immediately darted to stroke a path down John’s chest, savouring the feeling of warm, pliant skin shivering beneath the pads of his fingers. Sherlock couldn’t fight a smirk, knowing he was driving John completely insane with need and lust, prompting him to kiss back even more vivaciously now.
“We have to keep a low profile. Don’t stare too much... Actually, don’t stare at all. Don't even look in their direction.”
Now, Sherlock does let go of John, pulls away, blinking rapidly. Looks a little as if unable to comprehend what's happening.
he asked himself while frantically pacing around the room. Whenever Sherlock was experiencing one of his tantrums, John was usually the only one who was able to reason with him. And even if everything else failed and no kind words or death glares were of any help, John still somewhat miraculously found a way to get to him.
“I haven't,” John cuts him off, sounding a lot more determined than he feels. Sherlock's right, they haven't locked lips since the first and only time and there's no guarantee that their second attempt won't end similarly awkwardly. And more so because they're in public. But
Not that I'd prefer those things to be true. In retrospect, I should have been relieved to learn that I had been merely dreaming. And make no mistake, I am now The problem is, I'd failed to realise it myself. I had been tricked by my own mind, John, I've lost control. How can I possibly trust my senses now, after everything that's happened?
Once Sherlock entered the kitchen, John was already nestled in his chair, waiting for until the other man sets on the kettle. Sherlock didn’t mind serving John; he’s always been the one to make tea anyway, John barely ever touched the kettle, if so then only to make a coffee.
“I... I’ve been thinking and something’s just occurred to me,” Sherlock continues, looks a bit like he’s having trouble with picking the correct words though. “Remember what you said, in the elevator? You seemed to be fine with the idea of... of kissing me. But then... you didn’t kiss me in the restaurant even though you had the perfect opportunity. I did notice that out of the eighteen couples that were in the restaurant, only two didn’t share at least one kiss. One of them because the woman was about to end it and the other... us.”
Once the majority of people disperse, he pulls a phone out of his pocket, dials a number, puts it next to his ear.
“But that’s as far as I am willing to go,” he adds quickly, a mock-serious expression on his face. A well meant attempt to lighten up the atmosphere.
“Sherlock, trust your brother,“ John demanded. “His people are going to find Mary in a no matter of time, don’t worry.“
Sherlock can only imagine the current expression on John’s face but he’s positive that John’s eyebrows just flew impossibly high in surprise.
“I love you,” John murmured tenderly and pecked the corner of Sherlock's mouth. “That's why. Because no matter what we've been through, I have
John didn’t even have to ask what Sherlock was up to. Once he changed into his nightwear and sank into the bed he noticed that Sherlock entered the bathroom and about a minute later he could hear the water running. John lied there in the bed, staring blankly up at the ceiling ashamed of himself and those naughty thoughts that’s just invaded his mind. The fact that Sherlock was showering right there in the room behind the wall had aroused him in such a way that he had to start wondering when and even
“John, it’s just a-ouch. It stings,“ Sherlock pouted, frantically rubbing his fingers over the small wound.
“Precisely,” Sherlock nods, then takes a small step forward to shorten the gap between them. “Go on. Flirt with me. We have to make the best possible impression.”
you, Sherlock.“ John slides a hand over Sherlock’s tum, now sucking him much more vigorously, rubbing and twisting his tongue around the hot erection, fast at first and then immediately slowing down, licking at the head again so he can taste on Sherlock’s pre-come with a touch of filthy salacity.
John opened his mouth to respond but it happened to be impossible through the lump in his throat. “God, you’re such an idiot,“ he blurted out at last, shaking his head in disbelief. A poor choice of words this time, words John regretted saying immediately once pronouncing them. And yet he didn’t seem to know what to say next, not until the silence that had filled the air again became simply too heavy to bear.
“Oh, God, yes, like that,“ John growled against Sherlock’s lips, which was both arousing and concerning, considering how hard Sherlock already was. Thankfully, there was a duvet in between their bodies and Sherlock’s cock still safely covered from John’s sight. Sherlock was sure he wouldn’t last for very long if that wasn’t the case and that was something he wanted to prevent from happening.
Maybe John was still a little besotted, but as soon as Sherlock mentioned the possibility of leaving the flat, he was back fully concentrated in an instant, ready to coax Sherlock out of this idea.
“God knows, I wasn't entirely sure at first, probably not until now even but it's time to face the truth...it just
Due to Sherlock’s insistence (and a little meddling by Mycroft) John spend total of nine days in hospital, even undergoing completely unnecessary examinations in order to prevent any further complications. Sherlock had remembered very well how his own heart almost gave up a week after he was shot and such a scenario was completely forbidden from happening to John.
Sherlock practically ran down the stairs, tripping over his own feet as he hurried so fast to leave. He had no aim but to get as far as possible, far from the overwhelming impact of emotions that had clogged his mind. But there seemed to be no use concealing, not anymore, Sherlock realised that as soon as he found himself standing on the pavement. Trying to run away from his feelings would have been as preposterous as trying to escape his own shadow. Sherlock might have been able to delete information he considered no longer important, he might have been prone to forget bits and pieces of no value, but if there was one thing he couldn’t get rid of no matter how hard he tried to reject it, it was what he felt. Sherlock’s carefully crafted armour had already cracked, he had been exposed and all of what he’d wanted to hide and protect along with him. He couldn’t even walk away without glancing up through the window. Sentiment. Maybe.
get to her, no matter how hard I try.  So she’s laughing right at my face. If I am right and this is her who’s threating me- no of course it’s
“Jesus... Jesus, John.” Sherlock sighs loudly and loosens his grip on John's hair, threading his fingers numbly through the silver strands as if trying to calm himself again. As soon as he catches his breath, he pulls John up to his feet and into a sloppy, dirty kiss and wordlessly pushes him out of the shower and toward the bedroom.
John blinks at Sherlock, half in disbelief, half confused, still, despite everything, but he doesn’t try to argue with Sherlock any longer. He takes a moment to ponder, his right eye fixed on Sherlock, thoroughly studying his expression.
, that was a compliment, John,“ he smiled softly, making John’s heart flutter. For a moment they stood there, both of them blushing faintly, rocking on their heels back and forth in rather an awkward silence until a high-pitched whistle disturbed the moment.
“Me neither, if I have to be honest,“ Sherlock tittered. “But I told you, that’s not what I needed to think about.“
John was about to scold at Sherlock once he opened the door for him, he considered this favour being a little over the top already but as soon as his eyes fell upon the room, he completely forgot what he was about to reproach him for. His mouth simply fell open at the sight. This wasn’t Baker Street he remembered, not at all. The sitting room itself was too neat, no piles of clutter all around, stacks of papers, notes, old books and magazines nowhere to be found, curtains were wide opened, letting the warm sunrays come through crystal clean windows. John had to pinch himself in order to make sure that he was not dreaming.
“And y-you don't?” John stares and stares his eyes out, mouth falling open. He was convinced and have already accepted that Sherlock could never return his feelings or be genuinely attracted to him, to begin with. But as it transpires... he might have been wrong after all. The past couple of days have certainly been a bloody roller-coaster ride and the truth is, John has had enough of ambiguity and uncertainty. He needs to know where he stands. Just a word would suffice. For now. To his relief, Sherlock doesn't make him wait too long for the answer.
is the only person he’s ever trusted completely, enough to bare his soul and expose his most carefully protected self. “Well, then, Sherlock Holmes,“ John whispers, barely holding back tears as he reaches to brush Sherlock’s cheek, “consider this your
, John,“ Sherlock sighed deeply, as if the heaviest burden was resting upon his shoulders. He threw one more dejected glance in John’s direction before he turned around, striding toward the door without even grabbing his coat.
“Save it, if you are about to lecture me again, don’t even bother, Mycroft,“ Sherlock gasped, squeezing the phone next to his ear.
Sherlock stands frozen for a few more seconds. The phone still next to his ear, trembling in his hand.
That settled it. After a moment of reconsideration, Sherlock threw the cig roll into the firebox and it was as if the heaviest weight just fell of his shoulders. Without any further cogitation he raised up from his chair, heading for the bathroom so he can wash off the dried blood off his hands.
“Are you sure he’s going to be here?” John puts his hands to his hips, taking a thoughtful look around the beach.
to him and what could have been, only if he'd made a different choice... Sherlock couldn't bear to conceal his feelings anymore.
that’s-that’s… oh, God, keep, doing that.“ Sherlock forgets what even he was about to initially say, wincing and gasping on bed, focusing on nothing but John running a small, thawing ice cube first over his nipples, teasing for a couple of moments and then down his chest and abdomen, peacefully, almost tantalisingly slowly.
what’s going on in here. A little secret, Sherlock, a one you should have been probably aware of in the first place. I have my relations among those who are in touch with your brother. You’ve learnt things that could seriously damage me, you were gathering evidence to
,” John chortles once after he finds Sherlock sitting on the edge of the bed. Sherlock seemed to have anticipated a different sort of a reply, if the dissatisfied frown on his face is anything to go by.
I had been out of hope, Sherlock. Until that very moment I didn’t have the will to live, but-“ John tittered quietly, “turns out I’ve been waiting for my whole life as well. For
John had been used to being always a couple of steps behind Sherlock but he could only hardly pretend he wasn’t angry with himself for constantly being the sluggish one. Especially when there was so much at stake. He followed Sherlock up the stairs and toward their hotel room, none of them saying a single word, not even after reaching the door. John was even reluctant to enter at first, he paused in the doorway, watching Sherlock’s tall lean figure pacing agitatedly around the small anteroom like a fretful animal. Sherlock didn’t even bother to put off his coat, in fact, he spend a solid minute just mumbling to himself, paying absolutely no attention to his surroundings.
“I mean, you have your fingers folded under your chin, you’re staring into the nothingness… I thought you were in your mind palace,“ John smiled, his eyes softening. He seemed to be exhausted and there was indeed something that has been worrying him, a somewhat heavy burden, but it was almost as if he didn’t want to be the one to bring up this subject upon the surface.
, and besides, last time my phone rang I put it in the freezer, so even if I wanted to make a call I am afraid my phone is currently unable to serve me properly.
The woman lets out a small exasperated sigh and closes her eyes for a moment. She doesn't seem exactly pleased to be there. Harrington must have been badgering her for a while now, Sherlock assumes.
“Sherlock, come on, you can’t shut yourself out like this,“ John lamented, making sure it didn’t sound too reproachful.
And so does Sherlock. He's trying to hide it. He can't. Not from John... Dark memories have resurfaced.
“Really, John, really?“ Sherlock lilted before pressing his lips against John’s. “So making me laugh so hard I can’t breathe, that’s not cheating?“
Just before disappearing behind the door, Sherlock stops in his tracks and flashes somewhat a shy smile over his shoulder. “The massage you promised to give me, of course.”
John purses his lips, his tongue heavy in his mouth. He doesn’t offer an answer, he but stares at the two women approaching fast, their voices growing louder. By the time they’re close enough to spot their faces John can be nearly certain they’re making fun of
“Yeah,“ Sherlock mumbled, raising his hands to cover John’s. “The worst is that she blames me for that she lost
He resumes walking, into the sitting room. Sits down in his chair, eyes on John. For a moment, he just watches him. Content.
And they're still giggling moments later, even when Sherlock leans in a for a kiss. John grabs his neck, pulls him closer.
He doesn’t move for a while but breathes heavily above Sherlock, eyes shut tight, still holding onto the headboard, still kneeling over Sherlock’s face until this position starts aching so hard so he collapses down on the mattress, having to take a couple of minutes so to calm down.
John's stomach flipped. He took a sharp breath, blinking rapidly at Sherlock but before he managed to say anything, Sherlock beat him to it.
Realising this conversation leads absolutely nowhere, Sherlock finally gives up and lies down to face John. He doesn’t try to fall asleep though. His mind is too full, too clogged with notions and thoughts, ninety nine percent of which involve John.
“Stop keep apologising,“ Sherlock nudged him, giggling quietly. “It’s fine,“ his nose crinkled as he pulled John into one another, this time deeper kiss.
sat up again and all but stared, scrutinising John for a few seconds, then finally, put out his cigarette.
He barely starts to brush his teeth though, when Sherlock suddenly calls after him. Surely, whatever it is that he wants, it can wait a minute or two, John thinks, but Sherlock is evidently of another opinion. Receiving no reply only prompts him to shout John's name louder and more urgently, leaving John with no choice but to drop everything.
Sherlock was afraid that sooner or later the moment would fade and he was going to wake up from this dream but even after John pulled back from the kiss, he was still there, still cupping his cheeks, breathing hot and heavy against his mouth. It was such a sensational feeling, both the kiss and those few moments afterwards, even though it was more of a long lasting peck than a proper kiss. Nevertheless, Sherlock felt like he was about to leap off the coach and float in the sky, like the fluffiest, happiest cloud under the sun. No moment could’ve been more convenient to say the words Sherlock was so afraid of uttering before.
John’s voice dropped so unfairly low so Sherlock’s brain stopped functioning for a short while. A moment later already, his forehead was pressed against John’s, eyes shut tight and his lips hovering so alluringly, a mere half an inch from John’s. So close they were breathing each other’s air, five, ten seconds, before a quiet but resolute
were. She is using that baby to manipulate me, which is ironic enough since she thinks I am going to be a… pretty rubbish father,“ John cursed under his breath, already regretting he hadn’t kept his mouth shut.
He takes his turn and begins to nip at Sherlock's neck, hastily pushing them both away from the door but they barely make it halfway through the room before John's back collides with another wall. In an instant, Sherlock's lips are on his again, his long, dextrous fingers working fast to unbutton his shirt. Just as the last button slips out and John's shirt falls off his shoulders, Sherlock plants a butterfly peck under his chin, drags his lips along his jawline and blows out a raspy whisper into his ear.
Sherlock sighed, slightly disappointed, upon receiving no reply, but John fortunately quickly managed to fix the mistake he’s almost done.
Easier said than done, Sherlock thinks, moaning loudly the very first moment John’s tongue brushes past the head of his cock. He wants to look, he
“It's not that the idea doesn't sound alluring-” John sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “There's just... something you seem to have forgotten.” John takes a pause, his eyes boring intensely into Sherlock's. He almost wishes he could read his mind.
“Well, you’ve saved my life, John. Again. You’ve made me understand what I was actually supposed to do,“ Sherlock said, leaning back in his seat so to put more distance between them.
“I am sorry, but it's true,” he laughs once again after Sherlock shifts to kiss his neck. “I've never had the guts to tell you and now that I finally can, I am not shutting up anytime soon.”
,” he gulps, lowering his voice to a nervous whisper. “Sherlock, if he starts asking questions, we're screwed. We can't tell him the truth and I doubt he'd be particularly understanding even if we did... Jesus, what if he calls the police?”
“Christ, Sherlock! Then why didn't you let me know? As soon as I was safe? Why did you have to wait for two years?”
“Now you really don’t need this any more.“ John says after a moment, reaching to untie the scarf around Sherlock's eyes but Sherlock grips his wrist instead, tired but strangely suggestive smile crossing his lips.
Oh, no, don't give me puppy eyes. Just a quick stop at Scotland Yard and we're back home. It's gonna be fine.
“Well, truth be told – I can’t,“ John let out a slight sigh, shoving his hands into the pockets of his gown. Sherlock managed to refrain from panicking more than necessary but he wasn’t able to cover the tone of utter dismay in his voice.
“Shut up-“ John snapped him, rummaging about on his search for disinfectant and sterile cotton balls.
And yet there was still no smile splitting his face, but a bitter frown. “Are you now going to try to convince me that
Oh... That's... I appreciate it, John. If I have to be honest, I didn't expect you to come. After what I said.
-not once, but many times in the past. But not until now, have they been allowed to seal their love. And we all are very grateful for being able to witness it.
Three weeks have passed since the moment John kissed Sherlock for the first time. Saying those days were the happiest in their whole lives would be an underestimation. Each night they slept in a tight embrace, each morning they woke up facing each other and smiling into a drowsy kiss. They had not passed beyond that point however, not yet. John had never even tried to do anything even remotely inappropriate, nothing Sherlock wouldn’t approve of at first.
“Well, that's news, coming from you,” John snorted and crossed his arms, keeping his distance from Sherlock.
John stares at him for solid five seconds then bursts into a laugh. “Sherlock, it doesn’t work like that. I can’t just... say something like that on
“Yes. I am not an expert but I am pretty sure that kissing takes a lot more practice than flirting. If we kiss for the first time
you don’t have to keep apologising,“ Sherlock remarked, hiding his timid smile behind the rim of the mug. “Mhm, it’s perfect,“ he said, his lips curling up into another soft but exhausted smile before his expression changed all of a sudden, almost as if he was preparing to ask something he had to muster up enough courage for at first.
to properly name that feeling at first, for years actually, but not any longer. It’s clear, clear as crystal, why I feel so…
“It's quite obvious, John,“ Sherlock sighed, but there was no haughtiness in his voice witch which he so smugly used to enlighten people. “Despite everything I’ve just learnt, we have to bear in mind that not much has actually changed. Your wife is going to give birth in two weeks. I am afraid there is nothing we can do, at least not until then. You have to agree on that with me, John.“
“I know what that means,“ Sherlock cut him off, now standing so close to the other man their chests were almost pressed against each other’s. Neither of them flinched this time. Those few short moments of suggestive glances and ambiguity were enough for both of them to finally realise that there was in fact no reason.
“Can I make I confession?” Sherlock asks, his fingers reaching to draw a circle around the wrinkled edges of John's scar.
John puts the bag on the sofa, eyes back on Sherlock, who's made a few more steps, now standing in the middle of the room. He seems to be scanning the place, remembering, noticing various elements that have (haven't) changed. Takes his time.
“No, John, you can’t even climb the stairs on your own. And I already told you – it’s not a case, at least not any usual one. I am actually trailing someone… Mary.“
John: the faintest shade of pink upon his cheeks. Quickly tries to change the subject, but fails to suppress a smile. A grin, in fact.
“You barely made it up here, John,“ Sherlock broached. “I can’t expect from you to be descending those stairs every morning and then climbing them back up each evening, not whit that limp and pain that can return whenever you least expect it. You’re supposed to be
, threating to crush and destroy him. The fact that John was so determined to know what made Sherlock the way he was didn’t help either.
arousing you?“ he asks innocently, wetting his reddened, plump lower lip so sensually, it should be illegal, John thinks, grateful that Sherlock has already relaxed enough to banter again.
And I did. At least I thought I did. I walked out of my bedroom, couldn't find you... but you kept repeating those words, again and again, and I couldn't understand why, I thought I was awake, but then... I started bleeding. Out of the blue.
Sherlock did return as promised. He didn’t even leave the building to begin with, save for those five minutes he needed to get a fresh air into his lungs. Mycroft suggested that he should go back home again and at least change his still bloodied clothes but Sherlock disagreed. He did manage to pacify Mycroft by taking few sips of coffee and three bites of donut his brother bought him.
“John? Can-can you hear me?“ he asked but as it seemed, John was still sleeping like a log. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he should repeat what he had done before but in the same time it was a temptation too alluring to ignore. So now with a tad more confidence he placed his hand over John’s again, leaving out a small blissful sigh as he tenderly stroked his skin. John didn’t show any signs of vigilance anymore and therefore Sherlock could lean back on the chair and keep on watching for him and wait until he was going to wake up again.
John, however, doesn't dare to linger. Once he pulls the key card out of Sherlock's pocket, he unlocks the door and without taking a pause to break the kiss, he pushes Sherlock over the threshold.
Sherlock purses his lips, gaze still fixed on John’s hand and his brow furrowed as if he is making the most difficult decision at the moment. In fact, however, he’s actually already fantasising about ‘
“I thought I was never meant to love and be loved by anybody, not even myself. Turns out I’ve been waiting for
“I don’t think we’re fooling anyone,” John mutters, once after they are safely inside and thankfully, all alone.
then,“ John pecks Sherlock’s cheek, his nose, neck and shoulder, at first chaste kisses turning into wet, open-mouthed ones once he reaches his stomach again.
“I am afraid I can’t do as you wish, John, not this time,“ he whispers. “I am not going anywhere. I am here to
, John curses in his head. Sherlock has nonchalantly walked into the room wearing only a towel loosely wrapped around his waist and as if that wasn’t enough, he runs his fingers through his semi-wet curls, reducing John to a proper mess. John is very well aware that he is gawking at Sherlock, but hell, what
-John on his back, sleeping, his arm wrapped around Sherlock who's lying with his head on John's chest.
The door opens, John steps into the hallway, looking as exhausted and miserable as ever. As he begins to pull off his coat, we hear an anxious voice coming from the flat downstairs.
“No, no, please, don't, you're making no sense, John-“ Sherlock stammered, his face even paler than before. Cogwheels in his head were turning fast but there was nothing comprehensible about John's words. “I - I shouldn’t have said anything. It’s your life, your marriage, I shouldn’t have meddled.“
“Hey, are you okay?“ John’s voice is soft and concerned but still so incredibly warm, Sherlock’s heart flutters at the sound.
The only thing I regret is that it didn't happen sooner... If only we didn't waste so many years dancing around each other. Maybe... maybe I should have made it more obvious that I am a...
“I am risking everything just because of him. Look at me, I am willing to murder you so you stop meddling into our lives. And I will sweep of my way everyone who would dare to cross my path. I would do
Sherlock had already lost count of how many times John repeated that he loved him, uttering those words between kisses and then a dozen times again once after pulling back and lifting him up, carrying him straight to the bedroom. Their lips... never apart.
The sun has already risen above the horizon when Sherlock collapsed into John’s chair again, he must’ve spent hours in the bathroom without even noticing it. His head fell against the back of the chair and despite all spent effort he couldn’t keep his eyes opened any longer. He didn’t sleep for almost two days, still not nearly close to the amount of sleepless night he experienced during his stay in Serbia, but it was, as proven a while ago, enough to make him deprived.
It takes Sherlock several moments to grasp what's happening. But once he does... The realisation hits him like a bucket of ice cold water thrown in his face. Swallowing emptily, he only very slowly tilts his head to meet John's gaze.
Seems to be nervous, almost hesitating to enter. He takes a long sip of his coffee, then tosses the empty cup into a bin.
he's become trapped in Sherlock's embrace. Sherlock must have gravitated toward him in his sleep and ended up clinging to him like a vine to a branch.
John finds his heart hammering in his ears, so loudly so Sherlock's words nearly get lost in the noise. Without as much as uttering another word, John steals himself one more peck before taking Sherlock’s hand and finally,
was responsible. I didn't want to be wrong, I didn't want to accept that I had been tricked once again. Which is why I dare to say, you might be even smarter than me now, since you were able to see right through Mary whilst I was simply... too blinded,“ Sherlock swallowed, pursing his trembling lips. “I defended Mary, yes, but don't think, for one second, John, that it was because of anything else but your own good. I defended her despite everything because I-I thought her to be the right choice for you, the better one, the one
dating?” It’s meant to be a joke but John can only hardly lie to himself. He’d do anything for a chance to be with Sherlock for real. Especially now that he realises that sharing a bed with him feels as natural as if they’ve been doing it since the very beginning.
what matters the most?“ Sherlock takes a moment to compose himself, indulging in the feeling of John’s warm, gentle touch.
“Hm... I am buying you chocolate anyway,“ Sherlock announces, leaving John alone for just a moment to walk over to the nearest stall.
“Who are you and what have you done with Sherlock Holmes?” John laughs, even though he deems it a tad weird.
John opened his mouth again but there seemed to be no more words left to say. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand a little tighter before they swayed and twirled together to the rhythm of the music. John leading and Sherlock following, the two of them soon moving in unison, their bodies becoming one for what felt like eternity.
Silence descends. They gaze into each other's eyes for a moment, as if trying to read each other's mind, when suddenly at the same time, they begin to lean closer, closer...
“John, for God’s sake, this is a form of tor-torture,“ Sherlock guffawed, trying to wrestle with John’s hands but John was much stronger, he easily managed to beat him.
John sniffs, harshly, but he knows better than doing anything stupid. He exchanges a look with Sherlock, then looks back at Marco, smiling angrily.
think we’re heading, Sherlock?“ John asked, his voice cracking as he spoke. He couldn’t even believe they were having that conversation.
? I am taking our crime-free holiday one hundred percent seriously,” Sherlock insists, the crease on his forehead growing deeper. “He's still glaring. I don't like it. Told you that we hadn't been cautious enough.”
But he was still angry, if the deep frown on his face was anything to go by. For a moment there, Sherlock considered throwing himself around John's neck and beg for forgiveness, but very quickly decided against it again, once after realising what a pathetic idea that was. No, he couldn't let the emotions get in the way, not again. He had to put on a mask and pretend to be above it. And so he did.
John can hardly tame his voice so he wouldn’t sound so shamelessly ecstatic over what Sherlock has proposed.
Sherlock's pupils suddenly grow larger and his jaw drops but not a sound leaves his mouth. He's gazing down at John with such lust that his eyes appear to be ink-black, a starless night sky. John throws him a dirty smile and without hesitation takes his cock in his hand, bringing it closer to his mouth again.
, no other word could describe the way John's currently feeling. Letting out a low guttural groan, he tilts his head backward to give Sherlock more access but as he does, somewhere back in his mind he suddenly realises...
You don't understand, do you? Neither of you is going to leave. It's time you realise that if I can't have John, nobody's going to have him. Not least you.
“Is it not?“ he snapped once buckling up his belt, crossing his arms over his chest a mere couple of inches away from Sherlock. “Sherlock I have given up on everything because of you the moment I’d walked into that bloody lab.“
, I was all yours the moment you stepped into the lab,“ he says with a smirk, albeit still rather innocent. “You had me at ‘
who warned you in the first place. You were convinced that such possibility is not even probable while I was the one to suspect that Mrs Morstan might already be aware of that she’s being haunted, I told you - even I make mistakes, and apparently… I made rather an irreversible one in this case, I admit. I trusted the wrong people. I should’ve kept this secret between the two of us as you wished. But, Sherlock, there is a blame to share. Don’t forget that if you weren’t so stubborn, probably none of this would-“
hiding. Nonetheless, John couldn’t feel more relieved. He tosses the phone on the bed and steps forward, quietly pulling the door open. His gaze immediately goes to Sherlock’s tall, slender figure leaning over the railing. Sherlock has yet to realise that John’s watching him, for John’s somewhat stiffened silently in the doorway and he himself seems to be deeply engrossed in admiring the sea view.... or not. As it transpires, Sherlock’s preoccupied doing something entirely else and it’s something John did not expect, let alone wished to witness him doing. First John notices the foul smell, and in turn, his eyes are drawn to the thin stream of smoke emanating from the cigarette Sherlock’s holding. John’s heart sinks at this sight.
,“ Sherlock cut him off, sinking into his chair with a touch of theatricality. “Maybe she needed to get prepared, I don’t know. Maybe she wanted to give me time to get… happy so then she could take that happiness away from me… Yes, that’s it, of course!“ he cried out, triumphal yet a bitter smile on his face once he sprang up from his chair back on his feet.
John assumed that after dinner, they'd return to their room and finally have some privacy, and in preparation, he slowly started to gather up the courage to talk to Sherlock. About whatever it is between them and then some. So many times he's told himself that he
“I don't mean to alarm you,“ Sherlock half-whispers as they walk further into the dimly lit corridor, “but we're being followed.”
The silence was suddenly so daunting, so thick, Sherlock felt he could suffocate if he didn’t break it. “I – I know I
to accept any kind of help, Sherlock concludes, but knowing how close John's frail self is to shattering he can't allow him to push him away again. Not tonight.
Sherlock sat curled up in his chair, scowling absently at the yellow flames that were dancing fiercely in the fireplace. Pondering about the events of the past few days, about John, who after everything that they had been through decided to return back to Baker Street. But much to Sherlock’s disappointment, nothing was the way it had used to be before. Ever since John had returned, he seemed to be different,
“Sherlock, look“ John soughed, stressing each single of his words. After what Sherlock just told him, he was determined to reveal everything, feelings so intense, simmering beneath the surface. John was in fact surprised he’d managed to keep quiet for so long. “The moment I learnt that Mary had shot you, it was
“Well, obviously, she won’t go after John,“ Sherlock said, his voice calmer once his eyes were met with John’s. One look, one glimmer of expressions was enough for Sherlock to realise that John didn’t want from him to discuss the topic of the two of them being a couple in front of other people, not least Mycroft. Not yet anyway. So Sherlock avoided mentioning that part.
Almost as if he expected it, Sherlock groans in response and rolls his tongue inside John's mouth, drawing a surprised little whimper out of him. John is vaguely aware that Harrington has come to a stop but to be fair, he couldn't care less to check on him. He's got much more important things to do. When he pulls back it's only because Sherlock has begun mumbling in between kisses.
It was almost as if the time has stopped and stood still since they’ve reached the hospital. Sherlock didn’t even move from the moment he couldn’t stay by John’s side anymore, he was staring blindly at the wall in front of himself, sitting alone in a small, freezing cold waiting room. Before they left him by himself, John’s physicians have informed him that the chances of his friend surviving such a fatal shot are less than minimal, but Sherlock strictly refused to accept the possibility of that John would not make it alive out of the operating room.
“John, the devil never sleeps,“ Sherlock uttered, eyes locked upon the screen. “I was wrong… we can’t waste any more time.“ As soon as his phone beeped once more, Sherlock dialled up Mycroft’s number and a half an hour later the three of them were seated in the sitting room, sipping the tea Mrs Hudson just brought. Sherlock had to put a scarf around his neck in order to not reveal the hickey John gave him, but his brother didn’t even seem to be questioning it.
“Of course I do,“ John nodded. “I am not going to pretend that you need to make up for it, I am too exhausted for that and honestly? Sherlock, I can’t even be mad at you for longer than five minutes. I don’t think it will ever be possible from now on,“ he chuckled quietly.
Sneaking his arms around John's waist, he even begins to suck and nibble on John's lower lip, driving the man positively crazy. Try as he might, John can't suppress a little moan, surprised that Sherlock has taken the charge, but as it turns out... he has an ulterior motive too.
“I don’t understand. I’ve already told you I am on Mary’s track and you weren’t nearly as infuriated. What are you suggesting?“ Sherlock frowned. “Am I supposed to never leave the flat? Tell Mrs Hudson to lock the two of us in here from outside and throw away the key afterwards?“
Sherlock gulps, throwing a furtive look at John. He expects him to correct Angelo’s absurd assumption, but for about a dozenth time that evening, John surprises him once again.
John stole one more kiss from Sherlock’s lips before he decided that it was finally the right time to try something new and so once pulling back from his mouth he kissed his chin and then licked up his jawline, his tongue tasting the smooth salty skin, leaving a wet trace behind before he reached Sherlock’s ear.
The same endless, surreal corridor from HIS LAST VOW, lined with doors. Except this time, it's darker and clearly just a dream, not actually inside Sherlock's Mind Palace.
John glanced back at Mary, wry smirk hanging upon his face, his gun aiming right at her head. Although his voice has been shaking, he managed to utter the words that he should’ve said much sooner and definitely under better and less turbulent circumstances.
It was Sherlock’s turn to steal himself a couple of kisses and turn John’s words into an incoherent mess of noises. He ran his tongue over John’s lower lip before pressing forward and licking inside John’s mouth, caressing down and back his nape and spine so tantalisingly so John’s entire body shivered with pleasure.
Sherlock contemplates for a moment, then reaches for his glass, drinks the tequila down and gestures toward the bar.
John glanced at Sherlock’s oversized shirt, flushing profusely at the notion he was actually wearing a piece of Sherlock’s wardrobe. “Well,“ he licked his lips, taking another tentative sip. “If your girlfriend could have worn your shirt then why not me, eh?“ he chortled, a hint of amusement in his voice but what he actually felt was jealousy, bitter and sour, boiling in his veins each time one of them broached that subject. John secretly hoped that Sherlock had ritually burnt the shirt Janine dared to put on her, although in the same time he was quite ashamed of himself for having such ugly thoughts.
But how did you find out? That she had shot me. You said you didn't know what exactly had happened in Magnussen's flat, so how come you knew? If I was in a coma this whole time, it couldn't have been me who told you.
begin resolving this situation. But I warn you, it’s going to be difficult, she has all the advantages here. As I said, however, it's up to you to decide this time. I have no right to dictate you what to do.“
They had plenty of time to get used to each other under all these new circumstances.  John had been prepared to guide Sherlock through this new stage of their relationship, however long they needed to adapt.
John frowned, words escaping his throat even though he’d rather put an instant end to such a conversation. “
Them - Sherlock and his brother. Sherlock’s mind clicked upon realising that Mycroft should have known about what just happened. He dialled up his number in an instant, hoping that Mycroft won’t be trying to stop him, but as soon as he answered - his voice all huffy and peevish , Sherlock figured out that what he was about to do will anything but please the man.
John nearly tackled Sherlock down on the floor, locking their lips in a fierce, sloppy kiss, full of tongues and cacophony of incoherent noises escaping their throats, hands searching for more contact and crumpling each other’s shirt. It was a kiss they had been waiting for, desperate, passionate, intense, lasting until they were both panting and moaning, dancing long forgotten.
“H-hey, you’re awake already?“ John’s voice was so raspy he had to repeat his question twice so the words he let out were actually comprehensible.
Once the detective reached the front gate he was already soaking wet and gloomy, it was almost as if all the nature forces were against him. Almost as if all his actions were chased by misfortune since the moment he left John behind. He tore off his sleeve on the spike of the rusted fence he had to climb over and then even tripped over a swapped stone while walking a pathway that led across a rather forlorn front yard toward the entrance. The whole place was simply grisly and tenebrous, twining ivy vines climbing up the red brick walls and covering the house in dark spring green, untreated clumps of grass and ferns wildly growing in high and giving person a sense that somewhat feral animal might attack them in the moment they stop being cautious enough.
once all those bastards fled like rabbits? Let’s face it, Sherlock, I am just slowing you down all the time. I am a… burden.“
have to be changed, neither the flat, nor you, Sherlock.“ John wished he could grab and hold both of Sherlock’s hands, tackle him into a hug or even smooch his pink flushed cheek. But after Sherlock sort of rejected him twice already John figured out that he should be careful and take things very slowly.
“Remind me, John,” Sherlock says, pretending to be serious for a split second. “Why exactly we've never slept in the same bed before?”
Without a preface, John tosses the dishcloth on the counter, then crosses his arms. “Take the case.”
He was now glaring out of the window of the cab on his ride toward the place that could have very well been the place he’s going to take his last breath at. Not that he could see a lot. But even though the cloak of darkness has already covered the streets of London and heavy rain drops were drumming melancholic tune over the outside of the glass, Sherlock still didn’t tear his eyes away from the window, he didn’t care that all he saw would for most other people be nothing of interest. Just empty, drenched roads and gauzy mist crawling in the shadows of nasty alleys filled with the dirtiest and worst plague that could be found. Only Sherlock would ever be interested in such sights.
?” Sherlock does his best at mimicking John, reminding him of how not into speaking Spanish he was the evening before. Not that John
Sherlock wished it was him. It shouldn’t have been John struggling for life in that moment, not least because of sacrificing himself for the sake of keeping Sherlock safe.
insist that we should stay together? Even though she acts so awfully? Forgive me for completely missing the point here, Sherlock. Do you not trust my intuition or is it-“
“I don’t mean to meddle, boys,“ she chortled, “but oh, you can’t even imagine how happy I am for you.“
“Sh-Sherlock-“ he panted, “if I knew what an impact this was going to have on you, I would-“ John was cut short once Sherlock cupped his face and leaned down to claim his lips. He pulled back too soon for John’s taste, but kept his lips hovering close to John’s, breathing the air he was exhaling.
Dr. Mason throws an apologetic look at John, then heads to the door. Nurse Barton, right on her feels, closes the door behind them.
your fault,“ Sherlock insisted, reaching to caress John’s shoulders. He was surprised how tense John’s body actually was but he soon seemed to relax again thanks to Sherlock’s soothing touch.
“What about them?“ John scowled, breathing a little heavily. “You just said you think that Mary was the one who sent you this and now-“  John’s voice halted once he managed to put the pieces together.
“Easy, John, I know your body far too well. If we’re going to waste any more time it’s going to be three very soon.“
Sherlock took a deep shaky breath. “Then why are you here? Aren't you... aren't you supposed to be enjoying your
John slouched back against the cushion, his jaw hanging open in amazement. “So… you’ve convinced me to stay with her just because you thought that
“So you can imagine it?“ John hoped he didn’t sound too fretful since one of his last intentions was to startle Sherlock.
Instinctively, they both begin to move forward in the same time, pulling against each other like two magnets until their faces finally meet in the middle of the bed. As it turns out two seconds later, however, this is most certainly
. Whether he was doing it intentionally or not, he successfully managed to turn John into a snarky little ball of utter sexual frustration. John wondered if he was, by any chance, doing it all on purpose because he was almost sure that Sherlock head never worn
Sherlock can feel his heart racing as if he was just caught doing something illegal. He quickly averts his eyes, but before he’s able to reach the final step and hurry inside, John grabs his sleeve and grips his chin, ever so gently tilting his head.
Sherlock froze confused upon hearing those words, almost as if he was just petrified in spot. “That’s not true, what are you talking about?“ he blinked at John, sharp, surly face softening around the edges all of a sudden. “It wasn’t
“Yeah… I do,“ Sherlock nodded, propping himself up on his elbow. “Thank you. For being there with me,“ he added, his voice much softer than a while ago. “If you weren’t by my side… I don’t know, I would have probably gone nuts. It was… terrifying.“
I thought it was obvious. I want Sherlock to pay. I lured you out, because I wanted him to worry about you. Funny, you'd come only if I threatened him.
At once, he falls backwards, slams down on the floor, groaning in pain. Blood pouring out of the wound, tears streaming down his face. With an effort, he opens his mouth, as if trying to speak, but his voice cracks. Too weak.
. These people think of themselves as superior. They make disgusting amounts of money they spend on things they don't actually want nor need but they do love to boast about how
John was bending over the tub, evidently not pleased with the water temperature although that disgruntled frown on his face might have as well been the result of him slouching in such an uncomfortable position.
“It’s all fine,“ he chortles, his face coloured rose pink. “I do have to be honest though, I haven’t even begun to ponder about leaving the flat yet, not until now,“ John admits, his lips curling into a rueful smile. “Yes, of course, I’d
Desperate to retain his composure, John avoids looking at Sherlock's lips at all cost, knowing that if he did, no force on Earth or elsewhere could keep him from kissing Sherlock. Which, in itself, wouldn't be a problem. The problem would be to try and not get carried away again...
feel is much more important to me than whatever Mary does, I loathe it as much as you do, that she's being so cruel to you.  All I am saying is that I think it's because she feels threatened. What if she thinks you’re choosing me over her...
“So Baker Street it is,“ Sherlock breathed out, nervously squeezing the strap of John’s bag he offered to carry out. They were sitting on the bench outside of the main entrance, waiting for a cab which was unfortunately taking forever to arrive.
He has learnt several quite interesting, yet disturbing facts on his ride toward The Diogenes Club that day. The whole incident with Moriarty’s face planted over thousands of screens all over London was apparently just Mycroft’s sneaky trick he did in order to bring Sherlock back and save his life. But of course, quid pro quo, he also needed his help, help with getting rid of John’s wife actually, she was as it turned out later on, way more dangerous either of them could ever imagine. Holmes brothers have done even the impossible to learn the whole truth about Mary Morstan and so what they’ve discovered in the end was far too disconcerting. But they needed to hurry if they’ve planned on getting her arrested, Sherlock was sure that sooner or later Mary will find a way of getting out of the mess she’s gotten herself into so many years ago. If she learnt that Sherlock was doing his best to hunt her down she’d attempt to get her name cleared long ago and in that case it would be nearly impossible to take her into custody.
“But if I gave up… who else would take care of her? Someone has to,“ he pointed out, trifling with his fingers behind his back. “We can’t contact police in this case, John and I told you – there is
“Aren't you impatient?” Sherlock giggles, but before John manages to retort, Sherlock quickly licks his palm, clasps it over the base of John's cock and tentatively twists his wrist a few times.
Sherlock moans and wriggles so frantically, John has to seize his hips and pin him against the mattress, yet he doesn’t stop dragging his tongue across Sherlock’s flat stomach. Now lying between Sherlock’s spread legs, he grinds against him ever so achingly slowly, drawing low groans out of Sherlock’s mouth. He licks and nibbles the delicious skin, wandering upwards Sherlock’s body, tickling him with his tongue until Sherlock starts giggling, prompting John into doing exactly the same.
, John thinks, his gaze flicking from Sherlock’s eyes to his lips. He’s convinced he must be actually glowing from how deeply, profoundly in love he is with that man. He surely feels that way. The closer Sherlock leans, oblivious to the effect he’s having on John, the more John wishes to be bold enough to kiss him right there. Much to his disappointment, however, Angelo disturbs the moment before it even happens.
Not even once after he could hear a shaky sigh followed by few wary steps, failing to comprehend what could John’s intention be until he appeared in front of his chair, saying no words but stretching out his hand. Trembling nervously, but still waiting patiently for Sherlock‘s reaction.
“Why, in my defence, I've been awake for only about ten seconds. A cheesy one-liner is the best I can currently offer.”
,” John groans, giving Sherlock a look of reproach, but his voice is quivering with amusement. And it's impossible to act offended when you're on the verge of laughter.
Upon registering John’s raised brow Sherlock decided that he should shut his mouth and help his new and old flatmate into the foyer.
Instead of a reply John let out a frustrated sigh, kicking the blanket away before he reached to grab his trousers, attempting to try to put them on while taking fast, clumsy steps toward Sherlock.
John had never experienced such a silent ride back to Baker Street, not even when he’d had to return home all those years ago, all by himself, thinking he’d just said his last goodbye. This time, Sherlock was sitting right there beside him but his mind didn’t seem to be present at all. He was quieter than usual, remarkably so,
Panning across the bedroom and over a pile of clothes scattered across the floor. Panning over the bed, to reveal-
John’s sobs echo loudly in the quiet room. He’s been slouching in his chair for several hours already, his head down and face buried in his hands as if he’s been carrying the heaviest burden upon his shoulders. His body aches, drained and exhausted, craving the comfort of a warm bed and yet, he makes no effort to move, for he has neither will nor energy left to get up and return back to his bedroom. He is vaguely aware of Sherlock’s voice piping up somewhere in the distance, calling his name for an umpteenth time but John doesn’t respond to the other man's worries. He rarely does any more.
You had a case. Magnussen, remember? We broke into his office to find the letters you had been hired to retrieve. He wasn't supposed to be there that night but... the things took a wrong turn. We got separated and then... I don't know what exactly had happened, when I found you in his flat it was already too late. Mary had disappeared and you... ever since she shot you you were in a coma, Sherlock. You haven't even left the hospital.
so stupid to get close to Baker Street, he won’t protect us. She can easily kill him, John, just one another on her list,“ he waved his hand.
On Sherlock as he walks in, closes the door behind him. Biting his lip, he steps forward, begins to unbutton his shirt.
“But please, Sherlock, don’t you think that I am pushing you into something or that I am being impatient or angry at you,“ John pleaded, trying to sound as apologetically for what he was about to ask as possible.
“What do you mean, stay for longer?“ he trifled with a smirk, taking a step closer toward the other man.
“Sherlock, that’s enough, stop,“ he giggled, pushing Sherlock down against the bed, pinning his wrists above his head.
Sherlock wavered for a moment; deciding whether he should wait until John left or strip off his sloppy suit right then and then and therefore most certainly embarrass them both. John fortunately made it a lot easier for him. As soon as he noticed that Sherlock reached to undo the buttons of his shirt, he flashed him a sheepish smile, storming off the bathroom while blabbing something about making a tea but Sherlock couldn’t tell for sure.
His hand was now laying just an inch away from John’s but he still hesitated. What if John was going to wake up and yell at Sherlock, what if he didn’t even want to see him? Just because he asked for him, didn’t mean he’d appreciate his presence, Sherlock thought to himself. He was close from panicking but in the end he decided that it must be worth the risk, what if he’s never again going to have such an opportunity. So his fingers shuffled over the sheet and at first he brushed the back of John’s hand only lightly, so lightly that even if John was awake he probably wouldn’t even notice. Nevertheless, this mere contact set all the cells inside of Sherlock’s body on fire, all of a sudden he felt like he was doing something so indecent that his hand jerked backwards in an instant, as if he just touched something thorny.
,“ he exclaimed, almost as if he was just watching himself acting from outside his body, without being able to stop himself. “I thought it was obvious.
John hesitates for a moment, as if contemplating something, then finally, his lips curl into a little smile. “And besides... we’re supposed to be a couple, are we not?” This time he makes sure to choose his words carefully. After all, he’s had enough of embarrassment for a day. A week, really. Much to his relief, Sherlock giggles at his remark, finally easing the tension.
“Did you expect that you'd return, make a few stupid jokes, we'd both laugh it off and I'd immediately forgive you and forget?”
The ruthlessness with which Mary delivered her words was making Sherlock’s blood boil. He gritted his teeth, trying to cope himself, but it was like leading a conversation with a snake which wrapped its viscid body around Sherlock’s, not leaving him a space to breathe. And Sherlock knew he is soon about to choke, Mary had no reason to not kill him after all. She apparently didn’t care John would get hurt, all she wanted was for him to stay with her whatever would be the cost.
I see you're not using the headphones I got you for Christmas, are you? John and I would appreciate that.
What options do I have? I take it you've figured out who she is. What she is capable of. It's for the best if we don't pursue her. You can only imagine what people like her do to those they find inconvenient.
Silence descended. Sherlock offered no response but another utterly confused look before he squinted at John, gazing at him as pensively as if he was trying to deduce what was actually going through his head. “Is – is
Blushing, his face practically radiating heat, Sherlock leans to press his forehead against John’s, closing his eyes in anticipation. If this is indeed a dream, he doesn’t ever want to wake up again. He’s been imagining similar scenarios ever since the moment they met but none of his fantasies had ever reached the perfection of the moment he’s found himself in right now.
