“Peter give those back. You can’t just grab things like.” The moment Peters' eyes landed on the pages it felt like the world froze. Instantly Tony and May stood back the nervousness obvious on their faces and the shared a look of concern. Peter jumped down from the ceiling, his eyes not leaving the pages once as he read them over and over trying to make sense of it all.
“First of all, ew. And second of all not with the way your mopping Mr. Genius” May pointed out with a roll of her eyes as she cleaned off the last of the foam off the counters and moved onto the cabinets.
“Peter!” She shouted back, jumping up from her seat her eyes shooting between the boy, himself and the papers. The moment his eyes met Tony’s every doubt he had, every mistake he had ever made, every reason for why he shouldn’t do this flew out the window. That was his kid and he was lying if he ever thought anything less.
“I didn’t cheat-“
“Oh my god please don’t be damaged please please don’t be ruined.” She mumbled to herself as she grabbed an envelope off the table, the brown paper splotched slightly with what was foam but not completely drenched in it as many other things in the kitchen had been.
Tony hadn’t watched the stupid video in years but for some reason, without his brain ever really contemplating it he had asked FRIDAY to put it up. He absentmindedly watched the video over and over again as he used his stark pad to slide through picture after picture of his childhood. It was like his body was on auto-pilot as he flipped from one family portrait to another. They didn’t have many candid photos of them all together. Tony scoffed at the memory of Jarvis forcing them all to take pictures on Christmas and his father scowling in each and every one of them. A drink always in hand, his paperwork never far away. He only ever looked happy in the pictures of him with his mom. At least he had loved her. At least Tony knew the man to be capable of loving something other than himself even if it wasn’t the son who so desperately yearned for it.
“Adoption papers? These are for me-“
“Adoption papers…”
“You’re trash, Parker. That’s never gonna change, no matter how many lies you tell.” The boy practically spat the words out as he walked away from the boy he had once again left broken behind him.
“Hey hey, hold your horses, one thing at a time let’s get through this before you start making a bot army. I started on the coding you can take over from there and work on that today. But before that what do you want for dinner?” Tony couldn’t help but to cut the kid off, he knew the kid’s word vomit wouldn’t end until he’d planned out the next four years’ worth of projects.
“Oh shut up I am trying!” May shot back, stomping one foot as she glared at the billionaire standing in her kitchen.
“You’re a lying piece of shit.” Flash snarled back before pulling back his fist and smashing it into Peters' ribs, causing the boy to groan. The pain would subside quickly as his body’s healing took over, but fuck was this annoying. He had already taken a beating when fighting some muggers, the other night and with Flash constantly using him as his own personal punching bag none of his wounds ever seemed to completely heal. If nothing else at least the jackass hadn’t realized that he was superhuman because he wasn’t feeling pain the way most people would and wasn’t that just nice and messed up. Flash finally let go of him and the boy slid down the lockers and onto the floor, his spidey senses tingling just as Flash slammed his foot into his abdomen, kicking him as hard as he possibly could.
“I literally told off Peter for asking that the other day.”
It was only a few minutes before he emerged from the bathroom in the tee-shirt and jeans he kept at the Parker residence only to have May hand him a mop and point to the floors as she continued cleaning the cupboards and counters.
“You know you two still need to sign the papers right.” Both men instantly pulling back and rushing to find pens. She couldn’t help but laugh at the sight.
“You live in New York can you at least lock to doo- Is something on fire?!” Tony shouted giving up on taking his shoes and running into the kitchen.
Today was always hard on him, every year since their death this date haunted him and this year more than any other it tore him apart. December 16
“But-“
“Oh, fuck off I was trying to make lasagna.” She replied as she tossed the entire baking tray into the trashcan.
May snickered into her throw pillow at the idea, this was going to be great.
“Yeah. It is. If you want it to be.” Tony stated as he walked over to the kid with a smile.
“No no it’s not like that I - I was just busy I swear!” Peter argued, trying to cover for the fact that Tony had hit the nail right on the head and that he’d spent the night fighting muggers rather than studying.
“Yeah yeah…” May joked, shooting Tony a soft smile in return. Tony could help but to glare back but they both knew it held no real anger behind it before going back to cleaning up the mess.
“What the fuck Ma- AHHHH!” He shouted, his vision blinded by white foam as May doused him and most of her kitchen with extinguisher foam.
“No way in hell kid. I’m ordering you something healthy and full of nutrients.” He replied, already pulling up restaurants he’s pre-vetted as safe everyday options for Peter.
He swung onto the landing pad as he always did, the doors opening for him as he approached.
Peter waited as Flash had stormed out of the room and down the hall before finally pulling his knees up to his chest and crying. The frustration was killing him, no matter how bad he wanted to, he couldn’t fight for himself, he couldn’t tell him off, he couldn’t hit him back. One retaliation and the bastard would have his dad dragging him into the principle’s office with Aunt May. And then what? It’s not like anyone would believe him over fucking Flash with his rich parents and 1000 tutors. He’d get suspended Aunt May would worry or worse, Mr. Stark might find out. That was a terrifying thought. Aunt May was one thing but the idea of Tony Stark realizing how pathetic he was, that he was getting bullied or worse not believing him and siding with Flash. The thought made him sick to his stomach. He needed to just keep it together. Don’t make Aunt May worry. Don’t let Mr. Stark know the truth. That was it. The makeshift family he had was fragile at best, the last thing he wanted was to teeter it over the edge. May was the only mother he had ever known and Mr. Stark. He was like a father to him. He had been since the beginning, and even though he would never replace Uncle Ben he didn’t have to. As far as he was concerned Tony Stark might as well have been his father, he didn’t need to know that for it to be true and the last thing he needed was for him to know about this and let it change how he thought of him.
“Yeah. I… I thought that maybe we should make it official. I would have preferred to adopt you into the family but the lawyer told me that wasn’t how it worked unless you wanted to be my child which was just-“
“Mr. Stark? What are you-“ His eyes quickly turning to look at the papers on the table. Tony and May bother reached out to grab them, but Peter’s webs shot out before either of them had a chance to take them. Tony ran after him but before he knew it Peter was on the ceiling avoiding their every grab at him.
“I... is this for real?” Peter asked softly as he finally dropped down from the ceiling
“A couple of weeks ago you said yourself that he was practically your kid-“
“Yeah of course just a little bit of elbow grease here and some fairy dust there.” Tony groaned with a roll of his eyes as he handed the tray back to May and grabbed the towel she handed him and wiped his face. “You called me all the way over here just for that, didn’t you. I knew it. You are trying to ruin my life.” Tony faked a sniffle blowing into the towel as loudly as he could for exaggeration.
“So how are you fucking doing it penis. How did you cheat this fucking time? Did you steal the tests without the teacher finding out? Did you suck Ms. Warren’s asshole? What the hell was it?” Flash looked murderous as he practically snarled at the young superhero. Peter could hear his blood pumping as the anger caused a surge of adrenaline to course through him.
“The ones I designed!?” Peter’s eyes blew up like he was a loony-toons character and not like the 15-year-old human being that he was. Tony tried not to snicker and hid his smirk behind his coffee cup and he poured what was left of the now ice-cold drink down his throat. The boy was practically vibrating when the genius turned back to look at him.
“May I-“
“I... I don’t understand.” Peter asked, the confusion obvious on his face.
“Come in! The door is open!”
“This is great kid. I’m proud of you.” Tony smiled, his hand reaching out and ruffling the hair on Peters' head. “I’m also keeping this. It’s going on the wall.” He added pointing outside of the workshop to a display case full of Tony’s own awards, everything from kids trophy’s to his degree’s to awards given to SI.
“Peter this is-“ May began to explain before Tony cut her off.
“Um yeah. Of course you can kid. You can call me whatever you want. Maybe not papa cause that’s a bit weird but-“
“I studied. That’s all. There’s nothing else to it Flash.” He gritted back, as he forced every bone in his body not to throw the kid against the opposite wall.
Peter nodded to himself and wiped away the tears. The pain in his abs was already receding as he got up and grabbed his bag, leaving the school as quickly as he could without catching anyone’s attention. Within minutes he was gliding through the streets of queens patrolling the neighborhood for any activity and trying to bring himself a little peace of mind. After a few hours of quiet streets, he realized that today was probably a dud and swung himself over to newly repurchased and revamped Stark Tower. Why Ironman was playing leapfrog with his facilities was as much a mystery to him as it was to most other people but needless to say, he wasn’t complaining.
After the civil war, Tony had thought about it often. About Hydra, about The Winter Soldier, about Bucky. He couldn’t blame the man for their deaths, he was not the one who had killed them. But God had that destroyed him. Everything he became after their death was a byproduct of that night, all the anger, the hatred, the blame, the guilt. All of that was turned on its head and all of a sudden, the world didn’t make sense anymore and worse then everything else was the betrayal. It was one thing to know the truth, it was another to have it hidden from you by the man that you loved. Their relationship might have been tumultuous and difficult at the best of times, but this was cruel. It had torn him to shreds in a way that he didn’t think he would ever recover.
Finally, both superheros’ signed the pages and placed them safely into the envelope to be delivered to Tony’s lawyer's first thing the next morning to be officiated as soon as possible.
“For what the next time you decide to set me on fire. Yeah, thanks but no thanks.” He added already walking towards the small hallway and to the shower.
“What is it with you and these movies, last week it was Mr. Bean and now this.” The mechanics head shaking as the elevator closed behind them. He didn’t have to look at the boy to know he was about to launch into a thesis-level argument about why these movies were gold and Tony, for once in his life couldn’t wait to hear it.
“Do you want to sign them?”
“May that’s not the issue-“
“Do you want him to be your son Tony. Officially?” May asked again softly. He couldn’t help but nod softly as if his body was answering for him without his brains input. He might have wanted to sign the papers, he might have wanted Peter to be his son but he … He couldn’t be a father-
“I ruin everything I touch May.” He whispered as every bad decision, every horrible thought he’d ever had hit him like a sledgehammer. His parents' happy wedding picture flashing to the forefront of his mind instantly. He ruined everything he touched… He couldn’t ruin Peter too he-
Tony stared at the first page in shock, his words failing him for the first time in his life. This was…
“May!” The voice shocked them out of whatever the hell they had been thinking as said teenager ran into the living room.
“May Parker, you evil evil witch, I don’t think I’ve ever loved you more,” Tony replied instantly ordering the salad and laughing at himself as he imagined the devastated look of the kids face. This was gonna be great.
“Love you too kid.” He whispered just as May decided to get in on the action and hug them both as tightly as she could. Her family. Finally, together at last. Well almost.
“Never mind, I found it!”
He glanced at the chair, heat rising in his cheeks as Steve entered, a blissful smile on his face as he sipped from his coffee mug, another one proffered to Tony by way of his usual table slide method. He kept humming, and it was most definitely that song, Tony decided. He felt proud to have introduced Steve to a new favorite.
Tony knew he was a bad team player. No one could deny that. But he’d also saved their asses more times than he could count, and his impulsiveness paid off big sometimes. He took calculated risks, but all Steve saw was a soldier who wouldn’t get in line.
“I think that sounds like a perfect plan,” Tony smirked up at him, pressing his body up against Steve’s in the most delicious way. “Maybe we will get that perfect ending we talked about.”
Rubbing the back of his head sheepishly, Tony grinned and shrugged. “This new suit is trying to talk back to me, so to speak. I’m upgrading the repulsors, but the parts aren’t fitting together the way they should. You probably heard one of the engines falling on my face.”
I like to imagine you’re drinking your first cup of coffee right now. It’s mid morning in New York right now. You’re probably just crawling out of bed after a long night in your workshop. I used to make you coffee. Do you miss that? You always made fun of me for drinking more milk and sugar than coffee. But I secretly liked it. I liked that you noticed things like that. I liked that coffee was our thing.
Steve looked at him expectantly, and for a moment, Tony just blinked at him, forgetting to speak.
He looked more at ease now, and he and Tony chatted for a while about Bucky and Rhodey’s respective progress, sharing notes on which meds had best kept the nerve pain at bay, and what the current prosthetics and wheelchair option limitations were.
“Do you think I could borrow number 11? The boxed set I bought only has 1 through 10, and I’d really rather not have to wait a couple of days to find out what happens next.”
He carefully flipped back through pages and pages of sketches, some in charcoal, some in graphite pencil, a few in what appeared to be Tony’s fineliner drafting pens.
It was peculiar to see Tony so still. He was used to the near-manic obsession that usually possessed him.
Steve whirled around, thoughts racing as he tried to make sense of everything, when he heard a loud sniffling noise coming from an alleyway to his right. He found Tony there, just tucked in off the main sidewalk, crouched down low with his head in his hands. He was shaking and crying, and Steve instinctively crouched down next to him, rubbing his back soothingly.
-Steve
Tony sighed and opened his email app, deciding to start there.
But somehow it makes things a little easier. When I can feel my chest caving in and the world goes blurry I think about what I’d write to you. And it helps.
“Whoa, what’s with the elbow patches, Cap?” There was a sudden gleam in Clint’s eye that made Steve uncomfortable.
He burst through the door, looking around frantically for someone who worked there. His eyes settled on a meek looking waitress who’d been texting on her phone, and he said, perhaps a little too forcefully, “My date and I are ready to order, please!” Her eyes went wide, and Steve felt a little guilty for startling her, but he was still high on the adrenaline of telling Tony off.
Eventually he settled on an equally hushed, “Yes.”
He was suddenly very aware of the cameras focusing in on them, eager to catch every second of this hellish date. ‘God, what am I still doing here?’ he thought to himself. ‘Oh yeah, I’m basically letting Bucky whore me out on national television because I need to be able to eat and pay my electric bill this month. I can do this. I can get through this and collect the money and hope to whatever gods may be out there that no one from art school ever sees this episode.’
“Yeah?”
Steve had spent quite a long time in the shower, Tony noticed. Usually he was the one to be in and out in under 5 minutes, probably a holdover from his days of scarcity as a boy, Tony assumed. But he’d been in there for more than an hour, with no sign of being done.
Tony started to speak, easily falling back on his argumentative instincts. One pinch on the ass cheek from Steve made him halt, the first word stuttering before he could get it out.
I thought I could do both. Protect him from the world and protect you from the knowledge of what happened to your parents. From what they made Bucky do. But I guess not even my best intentions can make up for what happened. For the pain I inflicted on you.
He saw a form fill his peripheral vision and then suddenly there was a person sitting down next to him, on his left side. Tony gave them a glance, startled at what he saw.
Steve murmured his thanks, and they settled into a comfortable silence.
Tony looked up from examining his fingernails but didn’t reply. Steve’s words seemed to have surprised him, and he even looked a little embarrassed. “I’m sorry, I---” he started.
Steve bristled a bit at that, they hadn’t even ordered yet, and this guy had more than made up for the initial bad impression, but that was just downright rude.
That was all Tony needed to hear to start nodding furiously.
And then he broke into a huge grin. He could hardly believe what he was seeing.
Steve wouldn’t have normally picked this guy for a date, all show and no substance, he assumed. But there was something charming about the way Tony grinned sheepishly as he took off his sunglasses and sat in the chair opposite Steve. It was somehow cocky and shy in the same look, and Steve found himself suddenly a little more interested in the date. It also didn’t hurt that this Tony guy was incredibly hot, with his slim muscles and deep brown eyes.
God, his pecs really were magnificent. Tony could feel the hard button of his nipples through the too-tight shirt, and playfully gave one a lick, wanting to see Steve’s reaction.
“Fine, but we’re getting salads for lunch,” Rhodey insisted.
At some unknown point he started loving Steve.
He licked tentatively, finding that he tasted salty with just a hint of sweetness. The dark look in Steve’s eyes told him that Steve was enjoying this just as much as Tony, and he studied every slow movement as Tony made a show of licking him clean, suckling on each finger, making steady eye contact as each of Steve’s digits popped out of his pop with an audible wet sound.
That was real, wasn’t it? No pretenses, no alter ego to hide behind. That was the real you, in those late nights when your hair was rumpled and you had grease stains on your shirt. In those moments I could see a future. I could see you.
Sometimes I think about the way your hands looked when you made coffee in the morning. The assured way you’d scoop the grounds and the way they flexed as you leaned against the counter, breathing in the smell. You always made it way too weak, and drowned it in sugar and cream.
-Steve
This is by far the longest, most intense smut I've ever written. It was a challenge, but I think you'll enjoy it
He didn’t know what to do with this new found information, but just knowing was enough for now, he thought, as he drifted off to sleep.
Steve did his best to smile confidently down at Tony, the anxiety creeping back into his gut. “I heard all that noise and thought you’d been hurt. I should have known better.”
Steve grinned and finally took pity on him, rolling the fabric down his hips, and he could feel cool air as his cock was freed, aching and dripping and so so eager for more.
“Mhmm,” was Tony’s absent-minded reply.
Fuck. I can’t handle writing this out. It’s too much. It’s..
Steve was right. Dr. Cho and her team were fantastic, and now that they’d gotten some extra support from that anonymous donor, they were able to properly help their patients the way they’d been trying to all along.
-Tony
“Holy shit,” Steve blurted out.
“Monday/Wednesday Nurse Eileen makes better coffee, but Tuesday/Thursday Nurse Mark is more thorough about warm-ups and cool-downs for physical therapy, so I’m a fan.” He held out his hand to Tony, closing his book as he did so. “Steve, Steve Rogers.”
He hadn’t seen the cover very well, but it was a deep shade of pink, almost red. It was an odd color choice for a technical manual, and by this point Steve seriously doubted that’s what it actually was. He’d seen glimpses of an illustration on the cover.
Tony covered in engine grease as he rebuilt a motor for Steve’s bike.
He slipped out of his bedroom, padding back to the living room to retrieved the book. Thankfully it was undisturbed. Steve picked it up, fingers drumming on the spine, and he walked to Tony’s workshop, intent on returning it.
‘I guess I’ll just have to go back to being myself again,’ Steve thought to himself. ‘No more lumberjack or explorer or suave billionaire identity to channel anymore. Just me.’
“Do you think they will? End up together, I mean. Obviously they love each other, and they’ve… well they’ve proven that they get along well when they need to,” Steve suddenly felt far too warm in this cold, industrial room. “But do you think they’ll have a happy ending?”
Steve would show up at Tony’s workshop every couple of days to trade his finished volume for the next. He supposed Tony could have given him a whole stack of the next books, but he was secretly grateful for the excuse to see Tony at least a couple times a week outside of missions. And it made sense, Tony had always been protective of his personal items. It was a wonder he’d been so willing to lend Steve the books at all after the Bruce workshop incident, but Steve was thankful for it.
“More, I need more.” His voice came out raspy and wrecked. “I want you to use me, Steve. Fuck me until I can’t take any more and just keep going. Fuck me until I can’t think straight, can’t speak, till I’m a puddle of mindlessness. I want to give you that. Please let me give you that. Please.” Tony knew he sounded desperate, but that was the point, wasn’t it? He wasn’t going to half-ass a chance to be absolutely wrecked by this gorgeous man.
Tony was a decent liar, and smart enough to think on the spot, but Steve knew his face well enough to immediately pick up on the ruddiness blooming on his skin. Something was up. Tony Stark was not a blusher.
Pissed. Pissed as hell and he wanted to make damn sure that Steve knew it.
He gently caressed Tony’s ass, beginning with one side, then moving to the other cheek. He’d always loved this part of Tony’s body. It was plump and defined, perfect for spanking. And so Steve drew his hand back, and connected with Tony’s ass with a firm slap, perfectly centered on the side closest to him. He grinned at the yelp Tony let out, his eyes springing open to look into Steve’s. There was surprise and a little annoyance, but it was mostly lust that played across Tony’s face.
I’m sorry. Not for everything. But for enough.
Once he was satisfied that Tony was well warmed up, Steve reached for the leather paddle. It was a rich chestnut brown, and his favorite. He cracked it against his palm, and the sound alone made Tony’s body jerk in anticipation, hands struggling against their bondage. He smoothed his hand against Tony’s backside once more.
He should be reviewing contracts Pepper had been hounding him about. He should be delving into the new test products that R&D had been working on for him. He should be at least checking his email, which had an alarming number of unopened messages.
-Tony
Steve shouldered the rest of the door open, eyes crinkling when he saw Tony, stretched out under the workbench, staring up at the underside of it. He’d assumed Tony was working on something fiddly and mechanical. But no, he was just staring into space, eyes half-glazed.
Thanks for reading! Like most things I write that start out as smutty oneshots, I decided there's more I needed to say in this little universe. I'm eternally grateful for you people who read my stories and encourage me to keep going.
Tony thought to himself,
They ate, everyone eager to fill up, and Steve found his eyes wandering to Tony. He seemed back to normal; teasing Rhodey about his date the night before, and asking Bruce for advice on one of his projects.
Teammates. That’s what they were. Glorified coworkers. Tony had made that damn clear from the start.
Just Tony and Steve.
And what a reaction it was.
Steve could hear the lie in Tony’s voice. He was clearly mortified, and trying to save face.
Steve laughed as he opened the door, “Is that so?”
Steve’s eyes widened, his breath catching, lust rushing through his veins. “And maybe we could finish off with that ending chapter from Number 2?”
Which was why it was so damn annoying that Rhodey had started insisting Tony stay in the waiting room. He had kept trying to keep Tony at arm’s length since his accident, and it was frustrating as hell. His friend had never been great about accepting help, but fuck, he didn’t have to outright tell the nursing staff to bar Tony from coming back into the patient area for godssake.
“We should get you cleaned up. It’s not a deep wound, but it still needs to be bandaged.” Steve hoped desperately that he wasn’t overstepping.
Tony found that his inventions turned out better when Steve was around. He was calmer and more clear headed about the task at hand, and it didn’t hurt to have someone to bounce occasional ideas off of. They made a good team, on and off the battlefield, Tony was realizing.
Tony opened his mouth to speak, then paused, looked like he was concentrating on unspoken words again, and grimaced slightly. His eyes darted to Steve’s once again, and Steve could see a similar blush creeping onto Tony’s face as well. When Tony finally spoke, his voice had gone hard and cruel, and it caught Steve off guard. “I’m just embarrassed to be seen in public with someone wearing
Tony shifted awkwardly, his body language suddenly disinterested and casual. He glanced again at Steve, “What was that? I wasn’t paying attention.” His tone had gone distant and irritated, and he looked away quickly, studying a potted fern to his left.
And I’ll keep dreaming about you. Wishing I could talk to you. Could apologize for what I said. Maybe one day I’ll stop feeling so goddamn awful. And maybe you’d apologize too.
He’d jacked up the amplification on his suit’s speakers, and with the help of Steve’s shield as a makeshift parabolic concentrator, they’d been able to seperate the alien creature from the host body it had taken over. Without a host to take shelter in, combined with the high decibels, the green Symbiote hadn’t stood a chance. It was worth the ringing in their ears to stop half of Canal Street from being ripped to shreds.
There was no response.
Hour passed, and he was finally making some decent progress when he heard Steve whistling down the hallway, the sound echoing louder and louder as he approached. It sounded suspiciously like the theme from Inception. They’d watched that movie last week, and Steve had been absolutely captivated by the story. He and Tony had spent a lazy afternoon arguing the details about the ending and discussing whether that kind of technology would be useful to develop. It had been a truly excellent afternoon in Tony’s opinion.
I don’t know why I keep trying. I should just stop torturing myself trying to write this goddamn letter that I know I’ll never send.
He found a set of the first ten books in the series on Amazon and ordered them to be delivered to the Compound. Sam had been teaching him to use modern technology over the past couple of years, and two-day shipping was a revelation to Steve.
“That’s it,” Steve’s voice was part amused, part exhausted. “We’re going home, and I’m going to take a shower and scrub until I can’t feel my skin anymore. And I’m going to pray that Symbiote doesn’t stain.”
Thankfully, the slime came off fairly easily with soap and water. Something about the molecules of the alien ooze worked surprisingly similar to oil molecules, Tony posited. Before his shower he had managed to slough off a fair amount of it into a container for further study, and he was glad he’d had the forethought to save it. This stuff was fascinating.
“I uhm, I was feeling nostalgic. I got these clothes when I first came back, and I miss wearing them sometimes.” Steve felt like he was stuttering, like he couldn’t get the words out right.
Steve nodded his head, confused by Tony’s insistence. “Yeah, but we’re not starting setup until 10, I figured I’d catch up on the news and make some breakfast in a bit. Do you want me to make you some?”
He closed the door to his bedroom, making sure to double check the lock, just in case, and then tore into the box, pulling out the ten-book collection. Each cover had a sensual moment illustrated on it, and the artist had done an excellent job portraying that book’s theme. Volume 8, The Lusty Billionaire and the Secret Librarian was especially sultry, and Steve secretly looked forward to reading that one.
A little French bistro appeared on screen, and the camera zoomed in on a nervous looking blonde man. He was tall and incredibly well built. Classic American looks and perfect muscles that looked impossible for any man to have. He checked his watch again, clearly annoyed with having to wait.
It wouldn’t open.
But that was the crux of it. They were friends. Maybe even best friends. They’d never really defined it, but they were friends. Tony didn’t want to ruin that. Didn’t want to risk what they had. So he kept silent, didn’t let himself feel the emotions he knew ran deep. This was easier, he told himself. Because the alternative was too much.
The whimper Tony gave in response was delicious, full of fear and surprise. But Steve knew he was turned on by the idea. Tony was rutting his hips up against Steve’s cock, desperate for release.
As Steve turned to leave, unsure of what to say but wanting so badly to stay by Tony’s side, he felt Tony grab his arm.
Tony barked out a laugh, “I didn’t used to. But then again I get the impression I was the same way for you.”
But how in the world would he make this happen?
“It seems especially bad. He was up at 6 am reading some book, didn’t even notice me talking to him, and then he freaked out and tried to hide it. But you know Tony, he made it seem like everything was fine. If I didn’t know him so well I probably would have thought everything was normal.”
Tony’s sobbing had quieted, and though his breaths were still ragged, he seemed to be coming down from the panic attack he’d been having. He slowly turned to look up at Steve’s face, his brown eyes watery and wide. He hiccuped and took another deep breath, all the while Steve kept his palm firmly on Tony’s back, rubbing little circles.
When he had finished cleaning up the mess, Steve straightened up, and looked at Tony properly for the first time in so many minutes. He tried to crack a smile, and told him, “By god, I think he’ll live to see another day.”
When he woke, hours later, it was still pitch black and he felt groggy, disoriented even.
So Tony sat in the waiting room, well, waiting.
And really, that’s what Tony was, wasn’t he? A renegade on a team full of soldiers who refused to get in line.
“So much for getting shawarma after this,” Steve said regretfully. “I feel like I need to shower for the next decade.”
I don’t know how to begin to explain everything. But I hope one day you’ll let me try.
“You saw the rest, I’m assuming?” He didn’t sound mad. That was surprising to Tony. Didn’t sound upset at all. More like a statement of fact.
“I see,” Steve mused, crouching down to be closer to Tony, whose eyes looked dreamy and far off. “Mind if I join you? I don’t have any math to sort out, but I’m feeling a little washed ashore after that last book. The author left it so open-ended.”
Steve just smiled that kind smile again, but Tony thought he could detect a hint of a smirk in there too, like maybe he knew just how flustered he’d been making Tony.
“Typical,” Steve muttered into the depths of the communal fridge. Tony was barely awake at noon most days. So why was he up so early, and on a Saturday of all things? He was usually in his workshop at all hours of the night, and slept in until the last possible moment.
Steve could feel the heat in his face intensify, but for a different reason this time. He had put a lot of thought into dressing nicely for the date, even though he didn’t think it would go anywhere. Sure, his clothes weren’t as fancy or expensive as Tony’s, but he liked them, and he felt good in them. With one sentence Tony had managed to make him feel ashamed and angry. Who was he judge anyway?
Tony was the one who usually lavished under the warm water, letting it steam up until he could hardly breathe from the heat. He loved to crank up the temperature until it felt like his skin might melt off his bones. It was calming and eased his aching muscles at the end of a long day fighting to protect New York. He didn’t even mind the jabs that came from Nat and Clint about what he spent all that time in the shower doing. That was his business and if he happened to partake in a little fantasizing while scrubbing off the day’s grime, then so be it. And sure, maybe sometimes the fantasies would include a certain blonde haired blue eyed hunk of All-American muscle. All right, those sometimes had turned into every time recently. But no one needed to know that. This was his time, and he could fantasize about whoever he damn well pleased, thank you very much.
Besides, Rhodey didn’t need to know that the sudden grant the VA had received to update their rehabilitation wing came from yours truly.
It was empty. It was blessedly quiet. But he felt like he should be doing more.
Plus he was damn gorgeous. Even his cocky smile when he knew he was right about something made Steve feel warm heat rise in his cheeks. He’d spent months trying to deny it, but seeing the book Tony had been reading lit a fire within him. Steve had thought he didn’t have a chance, but this proved otherwise.
The woman he’d been arguing with looked utterly shocked, and just stood there, staring at the earpiece in her hand. Tony turned on his heel and stalked over to the table Steve had returned to, panting a little, the tops of his ears and his cheeks had gone a deep shade of red.
Guilt gave way to something sweeter. Love. Tenderness. A warmth from being truly seen and accepted. He didn’t know exactly what all this meant, but he had an idea.
Yours, Tony
Steve discovered that the series followed two men, Sawyer and Tristan who were under an evil curse. Tristan, the dark haired one, had been a hotshot Billionaire who had reneged on a business deal with a sorcerer and was now forced to live different lifetimes, trying to find a way to break the curse. The blonde, Sawyer, had been his biggest competition in his old life, and had been unlucky enough to be within the blast radius of the curse. Each book took place in a different universe, always with a big overarching genre theme.
Only sometimes you’d smile at me in those hours long meetings, when Fury was really going in on us on how much of a disappointment we were to him. You’d smile, and I knew you were thinking the same thing as me. And I fell a little bit in love with that smile. Love. I don’t know if that’s what it was, but it sure felt like that. Still does.
Until then, I’ll keep writing. And wishing things were different.
Sometimes I think about your what your hands would feel like. Reaching out to touch mine. Holding my face. Grasping my hips. I don’t think I was ready to admit that before. To admit how I feel. Felt. No, feel.
Steve's been trying to get some things off his chest too
-Tony
And Tony really did like Dr. Cho. She was funny and didn’t bullshit them about Rhodey’s progress. And she was damn good at her job. Everyone here was actually pretty fantastic, now that he thought about it. Maybe Rhodey had been right about this place. They just needed a little financial support, and Tony was more than happy to provide that if it meant his best friend was getting great care.
He finally looked down, eyes going wide as he read the title.
Do you remember the late nights when everyone else was asleep and you’d drag yourself out of your workshop? We’d meet in the hallway, or the kitchen, and you’ve give me that soft, sleepy smile. The one that felt real. No mask of confidence or cockiness. Just you and me, standing in the dim light of the open fridge, as we rooted around looking for something to eat. Your shoulder would bump into me, or your strong, calloused hands would graze mine, and I could feel a thrill run through me each time.
Steve nodded and could feel his ears turning pink. “Will do. And Tony?”
“Why would you want to go out with me after all that?”
“Tony?” He called out hesitantly.
He darted a look in Steve’s direction before handing him a glass full of assorted pens he used for drafting, which he kept around for the times he felt the need to do it old school style.
Steve was so caught up in his thoughts that he didn’t see Tony rounding the corner and crashed into him. There was a clattering on the tile floor, and when Steve looked down, he saw Volume 28: ‘The Lusty Billionaire and the Spectral Professor’.
“Wait!” Steve’s voice called out, and Tony turned to see him jogging down the hall to meet up with them. “Uhm. Here’s my number, if you ever want to talk more about… everything.” His face was beet red, and Tony guessed it wasn’t from running to catch them.
He wondered sometimes if the others had noticed. Steve, who was usually quite social had taken to silently curling up in a chair in the living room with his current book. It just so happened to be the chair Tony had been reading in that very first day. But hey, it was an excellent chair for reading late into the night.
He wanted to let go, to break free of the expectations that the world had for him. He wanted to build himself into a newer, better version of himself. One that was all Steve Rogers and not the Captain the world wanted to see.
Sometimes I still have nightmares. The image of your face flashes through my mind. The pain. The anger. The hurt. That I caused.
Tony immediately zeroed in on the fact that the notebook still lay open, the sketch of him easily viewed from his desk. He paid it no mind though, or at least pretended to.
This was perfect. He wanted to dress the part of a nerdy professor, and what better than a tweedy 1940’s inspired look?
I'm gonna sit with this ending for a while. I can't decide if there's more story that needs to be told, but I'm pretty damn pleased with it so far. I hope you are too!
Maybe he had a chance after all.
It’s hard to reconcile the people we truly are with the heroes the world sees. I wanted you to see the shiny, glossy exterior. I couldn’t admit that until now. I couldn’t bear to let you know who I am under everything. Just a scared, broke boy from Brooklyn, who thought he had to beat up bigger bullies because it was easier than confronting his own demons.
Steve stilled, it seemed like Tony was perfectly safe, albeit frustrated, and he was about to turn to leave when Tony noticed him.
His teammates each offered noncommittal platitudes and they went back to cooking.
He tried asking Tony another question, only to be met with silence and an eye roll. Tony wouldn’t meet his eyes, and Steve wondered if he’d said something to offend him.
Steve, to Tony’s utter delight lifted his hand to his mouth, jutted out his tongue to kitten lick at Tony’s come, and hummed happily.
Succumbed to whatever kind of sin this was.
The paddle was a different sensation than his palm, more stingy and concentrated. Tony yelped with each hit, eyes rolling up from the pleasure and pain of it. He thrusted up against Steve’s hand in between hits, and was clearly seeking out his pleasure, eager for reward. It hurt like hell, but Tony was greedy for more.
He was pushing Steve towards the door. Literally pushing him into the kitchen. Whatever suspicion Steve had previously had was immediately confirmed. Tony was hiding something.
By the end of the hour-long appointment, Tony had honestly forgotten about trying to sneak back to check on Rhodey.
Tony shot him a guilty glance, shrugged his shoulders and finally spoke again. “They get snowed in at a Christmas tree farm for the holidays. The beginning is a little trite, but there’s plenty of late nights next to fireplace so far. And the innkeeper is the same as in the volume where Tristan is a highwayman who accidentally robs Sawyer’s coach. It’s a nice little touch.”
Some days he could hardly stomach the meetings Fury insisted on.
He’d always assumed Tony was straight. They all had. The years of being a self-proclaimed playboy had sealed that reputation. Steve had seen numerous tabloid articles about his girls of the week, always thin and gorgeous, with long flowing hair. He seemed particularly fond of redheads.
Sometimes he wondered if Tony wanted to die. He certainly acted like it from the outside. But no, Steve knew him better. Knew how hard Tony had fought his whole life to survive. He’d fought his way back from death in that cave, and he’d dedicated his life to protecting those who couldn’t fight for themselves. It was one of the many things he admired about Tony.
God, you’d probably hate that I just wrote that. You always said I had an ego bigger than my father. Did you know how much that cut me inside? I think you started to see it. You stopped saying it. I always hated when people compared me to him. I think you could see how much I want to be anything other than him.
He nestled into his bed, turned on the lamp next to him, and cracked open the first book.
They kept still for a few moments, neither daring to move or shift their sight away from the other. Tony licked his lips, and then suddenly he was pushing himself up, palms pressed firmly on the hard cold floor, and he was kissing Steve, and it was incredible.
Making breakfast was an intensive process. Most of the team usually forwent eating in the morning. But whenever Steve offered to cook, they came out of the woodwork and everyone wanted seconds. He decided on bacon and eggs like Tony had asked, along with biscuits, toast, and fruit salad.
He could feel his need growing, his cock pressing hard and wet against his jeans, and suddenly Steve’s hands were roaming, caressing the exposed skin between his waistband and where his shirt had risen up. His touch was light and sweet, but it made him feel things that he hadn’t felt in a long time, outside of his very private fantasies.
“Mhmmm.”
Steve considered for a moment before saying, “How about we pretend we didn’t both just get conned into an awful situation because we’re desperate to pay our bills, and go have a normal date? We can start all over again and you can finish telling me about your arc reactor, which sounds absolutely amazing, by the way, and I can tell you about my asshole best friend who means well but has a funny way of showing it, and maybe on the next date we can go wander The Brooklyn Museum and you can try to convince me that contemporary art is more meaningful than the classics?” He stood and offered Tony his hand.
“Yeah?”
Steve looked a little sad too as he spoke. “We’ll be here.”
He’d spent hours doing study after study of Tony. It was remarkably flattering to see the attention Steve had paid to him, even when he’d been too lost in his work to notice.
But Tony had been just as absent as usual. Everyone else assumed he was obsessing over something mechanical, but Steve knew differently.
“Yeah?”
Eventually Steve stirred out of his fantasy, sweaty and spent and covered in the uncomfortably cold sensation that was his own orgasm.
And that cover art was lingering in Steve’s thoughts. There might be something there, maybe.
Fuck. Scratch that. Nothing makes sense. I don’t know why I’m even trying.
And then there were the suits, diagrams and blueprints for nearly every Iron Man Mark since Steve had begun hanging around the lab, it seemed. Some were technical and precise. Some were looser, more of a feeling than a replication of the details. Tony loved these most out of all the suit sketches.
Maybe he was lathering himself up with that light, clean scented soap he preferred, letting his hands wander across his taut, creamy skin? Maybe his hands would glide over the curve of his hips or his perfect plump ass? And just maybe they’d find purchase on his growing cock, thick and swollen from lust. Steve would touch himself softly at first, maybe even hesitantly. He’d probably feel guilty for giving in to such base desires. But it would feel so good that he’d have to give in. He’d lean into his own touch, letting his fingers dance across the head of his cock, teasing himself, grasping onto the shaft as he let out a sigh of pleasure.
Steve,
“No, see that’s the thing, I isolated the secretions that came from it, that’s merely, symbiote byproduct, I guess you could say?” Tony picked up the jar, holding it up to the light. It appeared to shy away from the glow of the lamp. “This was never really the symbiote, more of a, discharge I guess? But it appears to have been able to control it. I believe it’s what formed those tentacle-like appendages. I’ve been studying these guys for a while now, and while most of them can shape their form into tentacle like shapes, this guy was able to produce them separate from himself, almost like a mind control telekinesis kind of situation. I knew it was plausible in theory, but to see it in action, I mean, you fought this guy, it was…”
That’s what it stemmed from, really. Concern.
He continued rifling through the contents of the fridge, shoving past the precariously tall stack of yogurt labelled with Sam’s name, and the questionable leftovers that had clearly been there too long to still be edible. Those were probably Clint’s. Steve considered tossing them, but knowing Clint, he’d throw a fit about someone touching his food, even if it was about a week past date.
“Hey, hey, Tony. Shhh, it’s okay. You’re okay.” He tried to speak in a low soft voice, and he could feel Tony leaning into his touch. “I know that wasn’t really you back there, the mean stuff.  I know you were just in over your head and felt like you didn’t have a choice. I understand, I felt the same way. Hey, hey, it’s okay, I promise.” He kept rubbing Tony’s back, and he realized that as bizarre as this whole situation had become, he really liked the feel of Tony’s body pressed against his. Their warmth melding together. Somehow holding Tony, comforting him felt totally natural, he didn’t have to question if he was doing the right thing. He knew without thinking too hard how to calm Tony down.
He couldn’t imagine telling Tony outright. That was far too intense and frankly embarrassing if Tony shot him down. And no way would he tell him he knew about the book. Tony would never admit that he read raunchy gay romance novels. Let alone 26 of them, if Steve’s assumption that he was an avid fan of the series was correct.
Then again, they were in a large empty room with lots of other chairs to choose from, and this guy had chosen the one next to Tony. That had to mean something, right?
He had skipped lunch and dinner, and it was catching up to him. Steve decided to remedy that, and shuffled towards the kitchen. He was contemplating what would happen in the next volume. Would Tristan find a way to make it up to Sawyer? And what about Brock, the curse specialist who had been introduced in the third book? Steve had a feeling that the author would try to use that to create tension between the men in book 4.
It had gotten especially bad when Tony, disgusted by the state of the technology at the VA hospital had tried to get Rhodey switched to a state-of-the-art private hospital. He’d refused to talk to Tony for days, speaking only to Pepper or JARVIS, and eventually Tony had relented.
“I wasn't sure, you know, with everything that happened.”
He knew Tony threw his head back, felt his hand tip with it, heard the desperate sound muffled by the tie, and he would've smirked if his lips weren't otherwise occupied.
in their lives, that the team could handle things without them for just a little while. But they weren't. Not this time.
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS replied dutifully, voice far too gentle than a fucking AI had any right to be. “Same as before, isolating only Captain Rogers' part?”
“You know I had to go. I'm sorry it was so sudden.”
“I love you, Steve,” he swore brokenly, chest seized up tight. He wondered if it would be his heart or his lungs that gave out first. He supposed it didn't really matter.
Tony blushed a little harder and said, “I love you, too.” He stared up into sky blue eyes for a long moment, then couldn't take the intensity anymore, however pleasant, and gave Steve a joking push. “Get dressed. Go on! You're the one that insisted we have to be social.”
“Of course. How long has he been holed up in his office?”
The captain made short work of releasing Tony's wrists, hands slipping under his torso to gently pull him backwards onto his feet and help him straighten up. The dark-haired man's knees gave out, but Steve was ready for that, holding him upright with ease.
“I can't do that, Tony.”
Tony had been bitching for days about some very specific type of wires – something that, of course, went right over Steve's head when he'd gone into detail – for some particular purpose – again, no clue what – that the IT department of StarkIndustries was supposed to be installing. The company's eccentric owner could absolutely have done it himself, but it was apparently a tedious task that warranted only enough attention to complain about in favor of whatever grand project in which the billionaire was currently entrenched. Thus, a perfect cover for the captain.
The liquid in the glass looked woefully under-measured, so he shrugged and added some more. Two fingers, then.
with everything that had been happening, and I-” Steve shook his head and sighed. “There's a lot of moments when I could've done the right thing and I didn't. Oh, God, when I hurt you, I thought-!”
“No, no. Actually, I'd rather surprise him.” He lifted the messenger bag in his hand up into view, tipping his head toward it. “Thought he could use a break.”
Stark didn't trust his voice to remain steady, wasn't sure what to say anyway, so he settled for nodding. He watched his paramour close the space between them slowly, as if afraid he was going to spook Tony, and accepted the tender kiss he received.
“Say goodbye.”
The billionaire trembled beneath him and around him, letting out a low moan, earning a wicked chuckle. He enjoyed tormenting the dark-haired man sometimes, especially when he was laid out like a feast for Steve, and Steve alone, but his words were more of a reassurance for himself; he knew Tony liked it rough – was not-so-subtly reminded of it quite often, in fact – but he was always afraid he'd hurt him. So, regardless of the fact that the tech genius was relaxed from his recent orgasm and that Rogers had covertly slicked himself with a fair amount of lube, he was still worried that he'd caused him pain. The salacious words were meant to evoke a response that he could use to gauge the situation, and the positive feedback he received now was a relief and a turn-on.
The billionaire lifted his head from its resting place to meet the blonde's eyes, heart hammering in his chest, and he melted at the way his paramour was gazing at him. He leaned in to kiss him for the millionth time, making a mental note to do so at every possible chance for the foreseeable future, fully intending to make up for the two-years-worth of missed opportunities. They fell asleep like that, curled in each other's arms, kisses tapering off into nuzzles and then into dreams.
Because he'd fucked up.
“Hi,” the SHIELD director muttered back, arms wrapped loosely around Barton's waist.
The pain took Tony's breath away for a long moment, but then Steve was pulling out and the air rushed back into his lungs just before the next rough stroke. Stark groaned against the burn of being taken dry, but that hot need was still burning as brightly as ever, and he arched to meet each snap of Steve's hips. The pace was fast and hard, relentless and angry and perfect, so very perfect. Tony gasped and moaned, clinging to the man above him, mouth forming a litany of nonsense interspersed with swears.
Steve said softly, “I love you, Tony.”
before the whole frozen-for-seventy-years thing? Because, you know, it's been two years and you've been with him the whole time, and I've been here, and, well, I wouldn't blame you, things just happen, old romances rekindle. I just don't want to get in the way and I can't do
, let alone walk,” he promised, gently removing his finger.
“God, I've missed you,” Steve said, and captured Tony's lips for a loving kiss. **
“Can't wait.” And if his answer was a bit too dismal, well, he'd ignore that, too.
meet him before the team had split.
“He's part of my team, Tony, he's my friend. I can't turn my back on him.”
As his wounded pride – he had marked Steve up just as beautifully, even if those marks would fade fairly quickly with the Serum-heightened healing factor, and now his work was going unadmired – was deciding whether to burn the offending articles or just shred them, Peter (and when the hell had he arrived?) piped up from over his bowl of cereal.
Maybe now he’d have someone new to text when he got lonely. It was a nice thought, and Tony hoped Steve might one day become more for him.
Tools clattered to the floor, pinging metallically on the tile, and it fueled his anger.
“Tony’s always weird,” Sam piped in. “The man hardly sleeps and I swear, one night I came in here to get some water and he was just standing there, in front of the fridge. Didn’t say anything to me, didn’t even open the fridge, just stood there for a minute, and then walked away.”
Silence spanned between them, Tony was unsure of what to say, scared to implicate himself too deeply.
Hey, it’s me again. Your friendly neighborhood fuck up. You always did like to remind me.
The tears spilled over, rolling hotly down Tony's face. “Why did you have to die like that? I can't do this without you!”
He'd ignored the sorrowful, pitying looks of his friends that had remained on his side, adorned himself with the crown and mantle of the King of Denial, and smiled his way through it. He took up his most trusty weapons, Deflection and Sass, and fought gallantly every day. He convinced himself that if he didn't think about it, if he kept it buried, if he kept fucking smiling, he could fake it till he made it. The trouble with repression was that it had a way of building up the pressure until things leaked out, bit by bit, and then, finally, exploded.
Once he stopped moving, Tony leveled an admirably stubborn look at him, attitude screaming his refusal to back down, same as he approached every aspect of his life (and,
, I know I fucked up, I see that now, I've known it for a while, actually, and I'm so goddamn sorry. I wish I could take it all back, I wish I hadn't said all that stuff, I shouldn't have attacked you at the air-”
Guilty eyes flitted to the almost empty bottle on his workbench. “Not much.”
“We'll see.”
“Yes,” Steve agreed, “promises.”
“Promise me you'll stay there.” There was silence for a moment, then Steve hedged, “Tony.”
He'd woken up in a cold hospital room instead.
Tony woke in a mild panic, convinced that yesterday had been an illusion – he'd had many similar, if less detailed, dreams of his reunion with Steve, and woken up to a cold bed and a heavy heart – but was lulled instantly by the warm body he was snuggled up to, inhaling the scent of soap and leather and
It would hit him at random times, times that made no sense, when he least expected it – in the shower, drinking the day's first cup of coffee, in the middle of a meeting. Most of the time, it seemed arbitrary, but he started to pick up on the hidden pattern: a song they used to dance to, playing in the background; a shirt, wadded up and dropped next to the laundry basket; a statement someone made that paralleled the strong morals of his missing paramour. Sometimes it was a dull ache in his chest, a lump in his throat, maybe tears in his eyes; sometimes it would drop him to his knees, as powerful as any physical blow, and he'd feel himself falling apart, scrambled to pick up the pieces, to hold himself together.
“Shhh,” he soothed sweetly, “I'm here. Why don't we sit you down, hm?” He settled himself into his paramour's chair, strong arms carefully guiding the billionaire down onto his lap.
“Oh! Captain Rogers, hello!” greeted the kind older woman behind the desk, flashing a warm, motherly smile. It was fairly comical, since Steve had her beat by almost 40 years.
Her delighted chuckle followed him into Tony's office.
“What about you two? Were you ever...
“You brought him lunch? How sweet,” the secretary cooed, a fawning look in her eyes; she often admitted how she adored their relationship. “And, might I say, you look quite handsome in a tie.”
needed – to fight for the world.
“Some,” the billionaire admitted, only half-listening to the conversation, mostly distracted by beautiful musculature and the deep-seated ache stirred up by his recent movements, reminding him exactly what that walking epitome of human perfection had done to him; he was going to have trouble sitting comfortably today and that suited him just fine. “The rest is in your room down the hall. I wasn't sure you'd want this anymore, so I made you your own room, just in case.”
“Then again, how long do you think you could keep quiet? Don't want someone to come check on you, find you like this, do you?” he asked, tone intentionally baiting, and was rewarded with a challenging look. It only lasted a moment, though, as he pulled his cock out at a deliberately slow pace, dragging a groan from his captive with it. “See?” he needled, stopping just short of removing himself completely.
It wasn't right. It hadn't gone the way it should've. There was too much he'd left unsaid, too much he needed to get out, before it chewed up what little was left inside and left him entirely hollow.
“I'll be okay,” he said softly, voice pitched for only their ears. He projected his most sincere look in each of their directions as they examined his face for any trace of a lie, then those hands fell away and they trailed off to make niceties with the others gathered nearby. Tony turned his gaze to Steve once more, this time level and determined.
“Don't you dare!”
There was a brief instant of silence, then raucous laughter shook the room, Tony catching the look of disbelieving shock on Steve's face, certain he was wearing one to match.
His smile grew wicked as realization widened his lover's eyes; yes, it was going to take all night and the billionaire would be absolutely exhausted well before the end, but Rogers had super soldier stamina and Tony had been begging for his full efforts for months. No sense in disappointing him by stopping before the end.
,” he tucked his chin against his shoulder and watched Tony slowly following along the intended path. It was a circuit, the tech genius drifting out to what he needed and then back to his projections, ever expanding his loop as he found need of a new piece for his incomprehensible puzzle. The captain had been very precise in the arrangement of the items he'd swiped, fully aware of the order in which they would be used – after all, how many times had he seen it in practice? – setting the last and most important at the far end of the desk; the screwdriver, the one tool Tony was never seen without, the thing that signified the end of hypotheticals and the beginning of creation, probably his most prized possession (not that he'd admit it). When his paramour reached for that final piece, Steve sprang.
