Tony drums his fingers against the wheel for a long time, in some nonsensical pattern, and Steve wants to scream at him to stop as the car picks up speed. They’re passing everyone else on the highway, almost out of the surrounding area entirely. Steve wants to go back to the house and huddle around the tv while everyone throws popcorn at each other, only for him to find it wedged between the couch cushions when he goes to bed later.
Steve doesn’t get to hear the rest of his justification because he’s too busy shoving Tony against the door, and then they’re kissing hard and picking up right where they left off in the kitchen. Despite the fact that they’ve really only been building to this for a couple of months, Steve can feel the years of repressed hunger and want rearing their violent heads, and he’s got his hands under Tony’s shirt before he can really think about it. Thankfully Tony doesn’t mind, moaning into Steve’s mouth as he clutches onto Steve’s biceps, fingers digging hard enough that they could leave marks behind.
So no, not sorry, Steve is not going to participate in some weird grab-n-hold that Tony’s attempting to demonstrate, movements somehow still crystal clear even in the bulky but flattering suit.
Tony is outraged, and Sam is pretending to gag at how Steve dots Tony’s knees and lower thighs with chocolate kisses, and Wanda is smiling behind oversized sunglasses, and Steve -
He doesn’t doubt that.
“You can call us whatever you like,” Steve tells him. “And I did not stop any of it because I was warned of the repercussions any action I took might have. Coming to this timeline was a risk in itself. I was unwilling to take any more.”
“Okay, seriously,” Tony says, folding his arms across his chest for a fraction of a moment before uncrossing them, hands splayed in the air. “You took the GQ job because it was the only one you were offered?”
He leaves it at that, letting the damp paper towel float down into the trash on his way out the door.
Writing this little fic was so much fun, and to know that other people could get some enjoyment from it really means a lot to me. I just want to thank everyone who was kind enough to take the time to read this through and leave kudos/comments - writers always appreciate any kind of feedback.
That’s okay, he thinks, lying back down.
If this is heaven, then he can live with that.
“I’m kinda doubting that you spend any significant kind of time taking the stairs,” he shoots without thinking, and Tony sputters out a coughing laugh through the haze of smoke, the heels of his hands coming down on the edge of the table so he doesn’t tip over.
Because it’s obvious that Tony’s in pain. He’s gone through a breakup, has lost his house, has undergone the very public destruction of what had been an estimated few dozen Iron Man suits - it would be too much for anyone. Steve is sure that it’s all tied up in one ugly package, and compounded with how Tony had acted back in May after the whole aliens-on-Earth thing, he can’t imagine what Tony is going through.
“They often symbolize order and harmony,” he explains. “Something I desperately needed in this other world.”
“I don’t know,” Steve says, and it’s as honest as he can be with himself right now.
that they’ve shared over the years. It’s as much a part of him as his job, as his pale Irish skin that burns every summer at least once without fail, and as his unwavering dedication to being the best person he can be, regardless of what Tony Stark wants from him.
“Yes, I did,” he says, smiling.
been here,” Rhodes says. “I should be asking where
“Yeah,” Tony snorts. “Out of the two of us, you’re definitely the adrenaline junkie.”
This Steve is different. For as hard as he’d been when they first met, nearly six years prior, he’s shed most of that. At least, he sheds it when they’re alone and he doesn’t have to worry about his duties as Captain America. He’s gone from being solid stone to a giant marshmallow with a tempered chocolate shell, and not for the first time, Tony resists the urge to yank Steve in by his collar and kiss him stupid until he cracks right open and comes spilling out, all ooey-gooey deliciousness.
Serena gasps. The girl has blossomed into quite the personality over the months since he first met her, and he strongly suspects Beth and Bonnie’s influence. “Like a secret?”
He’s thinking of getting black-out drunk badly enough that he can’t even really remember the flight across the desert, of surely making a fool out of himself enough to warrant Pepper’s skepticism, of staring at the shadow of Tony’s chest through a thin long-sleeved sweater long enough that one of the strippers on stage had given him a knowing sort of look and saved him the embarrassment of having to slip the cash in her g-string, instead coaxing him to tuck it under the relatively innocent strap of her bra.
“So don’t leave the kids,” he says, lifting a shoulder.
It’s a backyard, albeit a very large one.
Steve rolls his eyes because Tony has sent pictures of said shrine, which is really just a couple of pictures from their childhood and then more recently. They’re part of a whole picture wall in the residential area, a concept that Laura had passed onto Wanda, and Bucky’s additions had come at the high cost of infinite teasing.
Natasha cuts off mid-sentence.
It’s a formality, really, because the lamp sits on the side table next to Steve. He sets his book next to it before clicking it off, and the room plunges into darkness, lit only by moonlight coming through the back door.
The voice on the other end is familiar and distinctly masculine, and Steve curses.
“Here is fine,” he says, because here they can share a bed, and at the very least he can lie a foot away from Steve all night, falling asleep to his rhythmic breathing and oscillating between shame and exhilaration at the vivid fantasies that will undoubtedly flood his thoughts. Yeah, here is definitely fine and preferable to a hotel where they’ll have no excuse to stay in the same room, much less the same bed, and he’ll be left alone with regret at not having done anything about how he feels, yet again.
Steve can feel the burn behind his eyes, deep in his lungs, overcome with the revelation that of all the scenarios he could have happened upon in this strange new world, he found Tony. He found Tony and Natasha doing exactly what he would have wanted them to, living the cozy and leisurely life that the Avengers had never been able to successfully attain in their universe.
Tony goes unfocused for a minute as he sips, leaning away. They’ve both rolled up their sleeves despite the chill from their water-logged interlude, leaving Steve cold enough to instantly miss the warmth of Tony’s attention in the humid club. He settles for watching as Tony looks off into the colored lights of the club, beyond the glittering bowels of the Las Vegas strip. He considers clearing his throat to regain his attention from the scantily-clad women before them, but then Tony flashes him a thousand-watt smile.
“Jesus,” Tony says thickly, and Steve tilts his head down to look at him. “That’s just - I can’t even imagine - what the
“They’re all yours,” Tony gives easily, and Steve swears he’s not dreaming up the unspoken
Again.
For a while, Tony forgets, so he’s unprepared when it happens.
“Don’t tell him I have it,” Tony says, eyes going round with fear. “He doesn’t like it when I steal things.”
“I’m here.” Those shockingly cold fingertips are now touching the inside of his palm, fully prying Steve’s hand away from where it’s digging into the wool. “It’s okay, Steve. Do you want me to go? Because I can - ” Steve shakes his head vehemently, and his entire face hurts. “Okay, I’m here, then. Not going anywhere.”
“I’m paying,” Tony says obviously. “I don’t care how much body wash costs, I can buy this entire store and you know it.”
Tony refuses to rinse his mouth out in the sink, weakly mumbling something about standards and filters and viruses lurking on non-porous surfaces, so Steve convinces him to step outside into the nearby sitting room and wait while he fetches him a glass of water. He’s not convinced that Tony’s going to be there when he returns, but obligation pushes him forward.
“What about it?” Tony asks, nonplussed and wondering if he’s really that sun-drunk.
“After Christmas, I think,” Wanda says, face screwing up as she tries to remember.
“Where’s your room?” Steve dares to ask, and he watches Tony’s eyes flicker to the empty room, to Steve’s duffel, and then land back on Steve’s face.
Now it’s Steve’s turn to be disappointed, only that rapidly turns into acceptance. He still isn’t exactly sure of what happened last night, doesn’t know if he ever will, but he knows that he’s grandly overstayed his welcome and has a job on the east coast to get back to.
It’s more than three years later when, in the middle of a crowded Starbucks, a group of rowdy tourists knock him into a slender woman with a strawberry-blonde ponytail.
By the time his head screws back around, it’s apparent who the phantom voice belongs to. And, going off the head-to-toe scan he’s doing of Steve's tuxedoed body, it’s also apparent who the phantom voice had been referring to. Steve can immediately feel the flush start high on his cheeks, spreading rapid-fire to the tops of his ears before venturing down the back of his neck. If he’s not careful, he scolds himself, he’ll end up nervously sweating through the rental.
When alternate Steve faces him, his face is tear-streaked and overjoyed.
“I think I woke him up,” she says, and she’s blushing. “And he asked if I wanted to pick up donuts for breakfast.”
“I’m not writing something like that,” he says, forcing himself to remain as calm as Pierce is.
Cold fear drips down the back of his neck and he spends half a second wishing for Tony’s warm hands on the low side of his neck, resting where tendons turn into shoulders, and then jolts in his chair.
Tony yawns again and this time Steve does too, only remembering to clamp his mouth shut halfway through.
Tony tilts his head to the side.
Tony looks guilty. “I do have some things I’m supposed to be working on.”
“I’m right here,” Steve says, and he sounds like he’s okay, maybe just overwhelmed, and they can handle that.
“Not while I’m Iron Man,” Tony points out moodily, thinking back to when Pepper, driven to the brink of insanity by the ongoing dysfunctional dynamic between them, had stood in front of the open elevator doors in the Tower. It had been nearly two in the morning, after an epic blowout fight during which he’d threatened to go sleep on the couch no fewer than four times, and she’d cried so hard there were ugly drips of snot running into her mouth.
He counts to five, and then points up ahead to a service road.
So Steve dog-ears his place in his book and gets up to hand Tony a neatly folded white undershirt and sweats. They’ll be too long, workable at the waist because of the drawstring and Steve’s proportions, but they’ll do.
“Yeah,” Sam says with a chuckle. “I think the kid has made him go soft, though. Either that, or the separation.”
“I’m calling to say goodbye.”
Tony goes to petulantly cross his arms over his chest, but the pull of his right-side lat makes it clear that it’s a very bad idea, and he lowers them back to hang at his sides almost instantly.
“Precisely.”
Steve’s nose wrinkles at the term of endearment.
(Well, there’s a third option too, only it goes something like
“How,” Steve says, before he can help himself, “is that a good combination?”
“You’re okay,” he says, because whether it’s true or not, it’s all he can think to say to keep from fixating on how his palm broadly covers the entirety of the visible swath of skin, and then some. “You’re gonna be okay. Just go ahead and throw up, okay? You’ll feel better once you get it all out.”
“I - ”
Wanda shows him the training rooms, which range in size from small and suited for recovery, to enormous and designed for group tactical scenarios. It’s familiar enough that she doesn’t have to explain much, and he knows that she doesn’t need to be walking him through everything, but the company is nice.
Steve withdraws his hand and rolls his eyes, and Tony flops back down into his chair, flowers going slightly askew.
It’s everything Tony ever imagined, from the tenuous bend of being wrapped around each other to how alive he feels, pleasure exploding in little starbursts everywhere they make contact. Steve can’t seem to stop murmuring Tony’s name, breath hitching unpredictably as Tony experiments with speed and pressure, thumbs slotting into the divots of Steve’s hips. Then he circles around back, grabs handfuls of solid backside and encourages Steve, puffing filthy words into his mouth just to see the reaction they evoke.
“Yeah, I am,” Tony says, and Steve doesn’t like it one bit, how he says it like it’s been said to him a million times before. “Got Pepper a bunny, she dumped me. Got you a tux, you hate me.”
end up with something awful and patchy. You’ve got good genes, that much is obvious.”
“Anything,” Steve swears, and he’s certain he means it, because he’s a shitty martyr who’ll do just about anything to get Tony to stop sounding like someone ran over his dog.
“How’re you feeling?”
A knock on the edge of the slightly ajar door prevents Steve from retorting, and Natasha slinks inside with expectant brows.
“Ninety?”
“We do better together,” Steve says eventually. “After hearing about everything that happened in that other universe, it seemed like everything went sideways whenever we started fighting.”
“Don’t you dare apologize,” Tony says forcefully, on the edge of his chair. “He needed to hear that. If I’d heard anything like that - ”
“I struggled for a long time,” Steve says, once they’ve waded in up to mid-calf, the water growing pleasantly warm in a way that has to be a trick of the mind. “I thought that maybe I’d ruined her life. In our timeline she had a husband and a family, and I robbed her of that.”
“Try me,” Tony insists again, loud and brash.
Pierce looks at him evenly. “Fine. I’ll get someone else to write it, and you can clear out your cubicle.”
“Intent is important,” Steve’d insisted, because he could be bullheaded too, except then Tony had proceeded to deliberately change the subject to ask Steve why he’d started interviewing celebrities in the first place.
Steve swallows around a lump in his suddenly Saharan throat. “That’s kinda not how things usually work, you know.”
There’s Rhodey, pulling him into a tight hug and letting the gesture speak for itself before he’s bragging about how many aliens he’d eliminated.
knows himself and Steve, and knows there are a million reasons they’ll never explore it, with Steve not reciprocating the feelings at the top of the list and the fact that they’d bonded over getting chummy with Steve’s alternate self somewhere in the middle.
“Tony,” he says, needing him to understand this if they’re ever going to be able to be in the same room together without ripping each other to shreds. “I’ve only ever let you lay down the rules for us. Because me? I’m okay with it, whatever it is. Whether you want a little or a lot from me, I’ve left it up to you. The Accords were the only time - the
It’s still comically, tooth-achingly sweet, and this isn’t at all how Tony ever envisioned it, but that’s okay. He’s just infinitely thankful that it’s happening at all.
Tony yawns around a mouthful of cold brew, eyes barely open as the sun rises before him.
Steve frowns. “Sir?”
And Steve looks at him - really, truly, looks at him. He sees anguish and pain and insecurities, hope and yearning and enduring strength, and reminds himself that this is a different Tony. He might look exactly the same, a precise facsimile that makes his own heart burn with repressed longing, but he is his own person who knows a different Steve Rogers and is about to have his life shaped very differently from how the Tony he knew had had his life changed.
“That’s a bad word,” Serena says in awe as Christina hands him a Jasmine band-aid.
Because here’s the thing: it’s been six years and ten months to the day since Steve first looked into Tony Stark’s irresistible eyes, and not a day has gone by that Steve hasn’t thought about him. After the gifted tuxedo, Steve’d resolved to move on, but as good of a show as he’s been putting on, he knows deep down that he’ll never really be over this weird, awful, twisted
The second thing he’s learned is that too much of the decision has to do with the politics involved. Tony’d been bitter about it, nearly spitting out expletive-laden complaints about governments before tapering off into a half-mumbled tirade about how right and wrong only seems simple from the outside. His voice had risen again towards the end, after Steve’s ears had thoroughly strained themselves while attempting to catch bits and pieces, to shoulder a burden that no individual should be forced to.
The first time he notices, Thor is in the middle of trying to steal a handful of his fries and there’s gritty dust still caught in his eyes every time he blinks. They’re in a quiet oasis in the middle of the post-Chitauri chaos, and the food on the table between them all is the only thing to distract from the thick taste of burning metal that insists on lingering in the back of Tony’s throat.
“That I do,” Tony says lightly. “You’ve really settled in there, haven’t you?”
“It was light! It’s got my shower supplies in it!”
Tony sees it. He can see the parasite it had been, eating away at the other Steve and forcing him to feel like he had to do things a certain way. At the very end, he’d been so single-minded it had nearly been too much to think about. Tony had tried, tried to deliberate on the moral dilemma of sending an old man back to his past like that, but the philosophy of it had overwhelmed him. He’d eventually given up trying to sort it out, deciding that the man was entitled to his own decisions.
This isn’t his Tony, Steve reminds himself. Nothing has gotten him killed yet.
Steve doesn’t know how to respond to that, so he doesn’t. He merely meanders closer to where a fluffy rabbit lurks, still as anything. Several yards away he crouches down, watching as its giant ears twitch in his direction. It doesn’t jump, though, not until Natasha stands next to him.
Steve doesn’t even have to consider it.
“Yes,” Steve says, absolute. “I would have.”
She nearly misses her mouth with her spoon, leaning in to watch the tutorial.
It’s not his fault that Steve’s feeling scooped out and out of sorts, because everyone’s been perfectly nice. Rhodes had remembered Steve and shaken his hand, dry and perpetually standing with his feet shoulder-width apart. It was strange to see a man - no, an android, Steve’d had to mentally correct the first few times - hover above the ground, something Wanda had scolded Vision for like it was somewhat of an ongoing topic of debate between them. And Pietro, while constantly radiating “who the fuck are you and why are you in my house” vibes, had been the one who distracted Steve enough to relax and laugh at the borderline offensive but good-natured jokes about his profession that Rhodes had lobbed his way.
The third time's a charm.
It’s not perfect. Steve tries to help him by bearing down and then ends up grimacing, and Tony jerks reactively to add insult to nonexistent injury.
“I thought I was over this,” Tony mumbles after several tortuous minutes, coming over to rest an extended hand on the back of Steve’s chair. It’s a rare instance of Tony being able to physically loom over him, and Steve just waits for him to get it all out. “I was over this. You thought I’d be mad at you, huh?”
Howard snorts, blows out a large cloud of smoke, and Steve holds his breath.
Tony’s reaching out too, fingers hooking around Steve’s wrist. It’s nothing he couldn’t shake loose if he wanted to, but Steve waits, all his not-anger bubbling low and evenly inside, ready to overflow if he lets it.
“No,” Steve says truthfully.
“I am kissing you like I mean it,” Steve says, confused. “What’s wrong?”
“Tony,” Steve tries again, but it’s weak and Tony’s sliding a hand over his thigh, low and then higher, up to brush their fingers together.
“Yes, you there. With the hair of a thousand suns and Grecian triceps to match.”
sort of way. “I wasn’t entirely sure, the way you acted on the street that one day. For all you said, we could’ve been complete strangers.”
Steve had gone into this determined to keep it pure business and as impersonal as possible, but suddenly he’s at a loss for words and the reopening of the wound reminds him of what it’s like to be among the living.
They settle on a firm handshake, and the hand in his feels so warm and solid and
They hug, awkward but fierce over the middle of the car, and if Steve forgets himself and holds too hard, Tony doesn’t say anything.
Bucky hugs him for longer than ever before, and Steve is so grateful that he’s okay. So much could have gone wrong, but he’s got his childhood best friend asking him if he remembers what a pair of scissors look like, and it doesn’t get any better than that.
“You’re impossible to ‘no comment,’” Tony says, hands flinging all over with his suddenly nearly-empty champagne flute sending faint splatters of sticky liquid all over. Steve angles away as subtly as he can, wanting to return the rental in as pristine a condition as possible. “With your blue eyes, and the whole boy scout thing you’ve got going on.”
“He’s me,” he emphasizes. “From another universe, something, I don’t know. He wasn’t exactly forthcoming with the details.”
So he gets shown to what used to be the ticket office, lined with computers and phones and filing cabinets and stacks of paper. Denise snaps her fingers at what look like twins with a deck of cards between them, one of them wearing glasses that get pushed up a nose.
So Tony lets him go and Steve slowly makes his way outside, only stopping once he reaches the small patch of cosmos he’d managed to bring back to life.
So many thanks to everyone giving this a chance. I know the abundance of OC's might not make it an easy read, but I really appreciate anyone taking their time to read/drop kudos/comment/etc.
A couple of days later, a neat little cell phone gets delivered. It’s probably the same as what Tony’s got, judging from the software and design, and there’s precisely one contact already installed.
Tony wants some sycophant who’s willing to fight tooth and nail till the world gives Iron Man the benefit of the doubt. Because Steve’s done it once before, and he’ll do it again if it’s the right thing to do. Which means that Tony knows how susceptible Steve had been, and is certain that he’ll be just as susceptible again.
Lagos comes and goes. Rogers must have shed some thick skin of arrogance by now and listened to him, because there are no toppled buildings, no pushback, no sign of a heavy book of legal jargon threatening to dismantle the Avengers. Bucky is found and put back together, bit by bit, and it’s as gentle as it can be for a man who barely remembers anything that isn’t destruction.
Steve’s tongue has to dart out and wet his lips before he can speak again. “You’ve always been nice to me.”
There’s no room for throat-clogging worry, he scolds himself. There’s only room for determination, for no longer letting Tony be his Achilles heel.
“What am I going to do?” Steve asks, feeling the anger begin to unfurl from deep within. “Move in and act like we’re capable of coexisting?”
“It takes a while to wake up,” Natasha says, suddenly in front of him. She stands with loose posture, and the clouds in the sky grow thin as she crosses her arms over her chest and smiles, close-lipped, the way she used to. “Tony thinks there’s something to it, about not wanting to shock the system.”
Because less than a week after the fact, GQ had courteously informed him that they would no longer be taking legal action against him.
She has never asked before, not like this. His throat grows thick and he closes his eyes, aching inside for the boy down the hall and his parallel universe counterpart.
Natasha keeps him company while he declines to craft his quarters from thin air. He needs time to gather himself, to keep from letting his heart ache while thinking of Tony’s rooms. Instead, he explores the outdoors, tracing the perimeter of the structure and experimenting with whatever illusions he is capable of conjuring with the power of his mind.
Behind him, someone makes a derisive little snort.
at the sliver of pressed tongue behind dazzling teeth.
“Steve.”
“You’re welcome, Cap.”
“Remember what you said to me after you visited him here?”
“Not yet,” she breathes while they stand still, and he listens. “It takes some practice to get it right. I don’t want to lose you, now that you’re really with us.”
“You’ve got a room,” Sam goads.
Across the way, Tony balances against the back of a chair while leaning down to smile in Amy Adams’ face. She’s polite about it but clearly uncomfortable, and Steve has to flatten his back against the wall adjacent to the bar to keep from crossing the room in record time and hauling Tony away while apologizing for his behavior.
They’re running out of space in the cart, but Tony plays Tetris with things until they can fit everything. It’s easy, familiar, the way they bicker over frozen breakfast sandwich varieties that they can reheat in the microwave. Tony argues that Steve’s blanket refusal to enjoy bacon is tantamount to treason, and only once they agree to get a box of each are they able to move on. Steve slides a case of water bottles on the bottom of the cart while ignoring Tony’s lecture on one-time-use plastics, and when Steve’s distracted by the beer selection, Tony swaps the water for cans of flavored seltzer.
Steve wants to leave before he makes this worse than it already is. Because he’s seeing something he kinda thinks he shouldn’t be able to, and there’s a part of him that wants to stick around to fix whatever being sucked into a wormhole did to Tony because there’s no other explanation for why he’s baring his soul over top of a cocktail table, only they don’t know each other like that and it’s been less than a week and none of that is a recipe for anything less than disaster.
It’s the first sign, but once upon a time, he’d been very good at ignoring those.
“It is,” Tony agrees, because at the Tower they order California rolls and shrimp tempura and Steve has learned to tolerate the texture of avocado, but even that took a while, and Tony wants to smack himself.
Steve understands, because he also misses JARVIS too much.
“I know,” Tony assures him, and Steve relaxes, arms settling back into position. “What, you’re not having any regrets, are you?”
“Hey.” As soon as Steve’s turned his back to head back for his own cubicle, a plastic pen cap nails him harmlessly in the back of the skull. He almost doesn’t turn around, knowing that it’s courtesy of Clint from where he’s most likely hopped up on top of Natasha’s desk, but he knows that after that comes -
Tony holds his breath as Steve’s hand sneaks underneath, flattening against his stomach.
“Yeah, you would,” Tony says with a startled laugh. “You
“Yeah, and let me tell you, I don’t get it at all,” Tony says frankly. “If I got to sit back behind a curtain and orchestrate things around me at my leisure, I’d do a whole lot more than he has. None of this keeping the boy band together shit.”
“I’m so sorry,” he apologizes reflexively, palms shooting out to steady the woman, and the face attached to the ponytail barely spares him a glance before turning towards the front of the line.
“I don’t need him,” Rogers says, childish and naive and stubborn as hell. “He’s just - he’s - ”
“Now, I don’t normally handle these types of matters - ”
Tony exhales long and obnoxiously, crossing his arms over his chest and tipping his face back. There’s just enough slanting moonlight to cast his features into relief, and Steve drinks him in, from the slope of his nose to the curve of his mouth. One day he’ll be able to look at him without being struck by the urge to cradle Tony’s skull in his hands, to tug him close and know that it’s where they both want to be, but that day will have to wait.
Deliriously reckless with exhaustion, Steve wraps a hand around himself and exhales too loud in the sucking void of the blandly sophisticated hotel room. There’s an emptiness that won’t fill even as he strokes his cock to fullness, thinking about Tony’s sweat-drenched floppy hairline till he’s about to implode with the uncertainty and hurt carving deep inside of him. He wants to have done this differently, wants to surgically extract Tony from under his skin before stitching himself back together. He wants to smother himself in scotch and chalky spearmint, distinctive cologne and the barest whiff of motor oil, only he’s got no idea where the last one came from and the laser-tipped agony is going to drive him over the cliff if he has to live the rest of his life like this.
“It’s beautiful,” he says on an exhale, and Natasha stops beside him as they reach the grassy lawn, wet dew cleansing his dirt-streaked feet.
“I’m not an old man,” Steve says, irritation flaring and then subsiding just as quickly, leaving nothing but exasperated fondness in its wake. “I can eat with the rest of you. Just show me the damn time machine.”
“So you’re not going to fuck off to another timeline like the other you did?” Tony asks, a million worst-case scenarios filling his head. “Because I can’t believe you’re making me say this, but I might miss you if you leave.”
It shuts Tony up for at least thirty seconds, which is kind of impressive.
“What could you want to know?” he asks, a little desperate for more and a lot knowing that he should end this before it goes any further. If he’s not careful, he’ll make a damp mess of his underwear and that’s not going to be fun to explain to the designer’s representative. “I’m just a journalist.”
And a couple of days after that, Tony calls the landline and asks for Josie, and they talk a whole lot of legal jargon about some trust that he’s set up for her and Denise and the kids. There’s talk of monthly balances and deposits and Steve just helps Hannah with her vocabulary words and listens.
He has to work his jaw, unsticking the question from the roof of his mouth, and Tony is patient enough that just proves they’re not really anywhere they’ve been before.
Steve snorts. “Why doesn’t that surprise me?”
a powerful motivator. And now, TIME is nothing Steve can turn his nose up at and Tony had seemed genuine about his intentions for a minute there, but he has repeatedly demonstrated how capable he is at getting others to do what he wants regardless of how questionable the motive is.
“You had a garden?”
They don’t get any answers. Words like infertility and experimental trials get thrown around, and then the doctor implies that they’ve waited too long, that Peggy is too old to conceive a child. She tries not to react, but Steve can see her bottom lip tremble, and when they get home, he strokes the back of her hand.
“Yeah?” Tony coaxes, nodding at Steve, and it’s so easy to nod once and let his head hit the headrest with a cushioned thud. “That’s a lot better, isn’t it?”
“I’m a little worried about the state of your relationship if your girlfriend has taken to reading employee handbooks to you,” Steve says dryly, and for a second during which he demands of himself
Steve looks at the little boy in front of him and very nearly sees a mirage of a man who is graying at his temples and smiling sideways. He shakes his head, forcing himself to see the boy with clever eyes and dexterous hands, holding his fork and cup with a finesse that children his age are not supposed to possess.
“I know,” Steve barely manages to get out, overcome with it all. “I know. I love you, too.”
Tony feels that it’s time for Iron Man to retire, how it’s going to happen, what it means for his team and the world and all Stark Industries’ relief efforts -
Steve’s packed on some bulk since then. He’s not the bright-eyed and bushy-tailed twenty-something year old he’d been when he first met Tony, and he’s not the thirty-plus year old who’d been clinging to the last of a lean sort of boyishness while playing dress-up in designer formalwear. He’s broader, hardened, and he’s fairly certain that if he dug the box out from behind the neat row of suits he’d purchased himself, it would only end in disappointment.
Steve rolls his eyes and Tony grins, impossibly wide, and Steve presses his lips together so he doesn’t end up mirroring him.
He’s in dire need of a shower.
Nothing has changed, as Pepper emerges from a wide hallway. She’s barefoot and as beautiful as ever and doesn’t look surprised by the extra body, but that doesn’t put Steve at ease even as they modestly hug in greeting.
She shoots him an amused look of disbelief. “Steve. Why do you think the lawsuit suddenly disappeared?”
“Tell me,” Steve pleads.
Steve breaks the kiss, gasping for fevered air in the tiny cordoned-off backseat with midnight-blackened windows. Seemingly unaffected by the disruption, Tony attaches his mouth to Steve’s neck and trails biting kisses down towards the collar.
Tony scowls, looking just like Morgan when he does. He jabs his elbow into Steve’s side before turning away, calling for Morgan to get out of the pool before she turns into a prune.
This chapter took a lot longer to get out than intended, half because I've been adjusting to a new job and half because I ended up changing a lot of things. Hopefully the changes suit the characters better - turns out that a new commute is a great place to question every writing decision you make!
Tony makes a sharp noise at that.
Steve swivels his wrist and pretends to pay close attention to the ticking hands of his watch. “Well, I wouldn’t say the entire time,” he says, if only for how Tony’s expression goes righteously indignant, and Steve suppresses a smile as he shakes out his left hand and extends the right to Rhodes. “Colonel.”
“I am,” Steve says. “Once I am sure that I have done all I can here.”
“You’re looking to get back to your world.”
you want?” It’s gentle prodding, nothing that will offend Steve, and Sam knows that, otherwise he wouldn’t ask.
something that settles heavy and loaded in the bottom of his stomach and the base of his spine. His heart keeps jumping into his throat and his eyes can’t stop tracking the drip-drop of water as it curves over collarbones, and surely there was a line somewhere, only Steve doesn’t know where it was, only that he’s pretty sure he’s crossed it.
“But I wouldn’t,” he says. “Surely, I wouldn’t.”
Steve drinks until the desire passes, until it’s manageable, and then he sets the half-empty bottle down on the counter to see Tony looking at him with unrestrained curiosity.
“Is there a right way to eat French toast?” Steve asks, the corners of his mouth hinting at amusement.
Steve doesn’t even try to deny it, and they lapse into a nebulous silence, surrounded by humming machines, the Biblical downpour outside, and the knowledge that there’s no reason for the two of them to have lingered down here for so long like this.
“I can do any color I want?” she asks, looking at him.
He pulls up the recording feature on the phone, waving it in Tony’s direction so he can see. Tony squints at it for a second, lines pulling at the delicate skin around his eyes before smoothing out as he shrugs. “Yeah, that’s fine.” He smiles privately as he lifts his coffee to his mouth. “So no strippers this time, eh?”
Thor has yet to find an American prepackaged highly-processed junk food item that doesn’t fascinate him endlessly. Bruce leaves tiny cups of tea and tacky smears of honey wherever he goes and Natasha favors a wide range of takeout that represents every corner of the world, from Bolivian to Belgian to Bangladeshi. Clint vacillates wildly between ordering ten pizzas at a time, to cooking hearty stews and casseroles before neatly separating them into single-serve Tupperware containers and storing them in the freezer, complete with a note detailing outrageously specific reheating instructions. Tony is the culprit behind the neat rows of glass-bottled pressed juices and the abundance of healthy pantry snacks, much to Thor’s kale-hating chagrin. He’s also got a stash of protein ice cream in the freezer that he’s notoriously protective of, even though Clint snorts at it and claims that it’s no substitute for the real thing.
Manny offers to take the picture and winks at the girls who giggle in response. They thank Steve profusely before departing, and he doesn’t know why he was so worried in the first place.
“Steve doesn’t mind,” Morgan says.
Tony just nods, and for a moment Steve thinks it’s for him, but then maybe-Joe is clearing his throat and Steve knows that this is the end of their time together. He steps out of the way so the door can be quietly shut, and then Tony is gone before Steve can impress the sight of him in his partially-undone glory into his brain for forever.
He disentangles their hands so he can plant himself fully for proper leverage and Steve’s mouth abruptly forms into a perfect circle, so Tony thrusts like that again.
“Stark’s been moping around the complex whenever he isn’t flying Morgan back and forth,” Sam says.
“You gonna make it back in one piece?” Steve asks with raised brows.
But Steve isn’t trying to get away. In fact, he’s wedging them together, cradling Tony’s head in his enormous hands as Tony keeps talking, and then they’re forehead-to-forehead just like in Wakanda.
“I don’t necessarily have to eat as much as the serum demands,” he admits. “But it can get...uncomfortable.”
People are all that keeps Steve going. People, and food.
They’d been useless to hear, but the compulsion to soothe is undeniable. “If you need me, I’ll be there.”
It’s been like confronting the last frontier, allowing the elevator to take him to one of the highest floors only to be turned out into a series of wide interconnected spaces separated by glass and littered with foreign-looking debris: the workshops Tony had talked about building all those years ago. There’d been nothing even resembling a tour, just a rambling disjointed bunch of pointing while Tony adamantly refused to apologize for the mess and explained that if Steve wanted more answers, he was going to get them while Tony started on a few repairs he’d been putting off. Too stunned to argue, refusing to regret refusing the old invitation, Steve had nodded and settled down on a stool far away from anything that looked even remotely dangerous.
He doesn’t know what Steve is thinking, why he keeps reaching out to him like this, but he has to assume it’s a good thing. Steve lets their hands fall, switches sides so that he can walk with Tony’s fingers twined with his, pushing the cart with his available forearm. Tony doesn’t get it, which is puzzling because he knows Steve like he knows the back of his hand. This is markedly different though, and as they make their way to the checkout, he can’t figure it out.
“I can do that.” Steve smiles and doesn’t even have to force it, because for all the indignance and distress he’s incurred over the years, he’ll never have it in him to regard or treat Tony poorly. With more words on the tip of his tongue, he understands why Tony must have said it to him over the phone before:
“It’s not easy for me,” Steve says, and he can’t decide whether he’s angry or hurt by the barbed words. “Not like it is for you.”
When he hears the first soft snuffle, the sign that Tony’s falling back into a deep sleep instead of potentially waking, Steve nuzzles in. It’s not yet light out, and the kids won’t be awake for a while.
“You think I don’t know?” Steve asks, leaning back in his armchair, listening to Peggy’s even breathing as she naps in the bedroom. He sips his lemonade while Fury watches him more intently than anyone with two functioning eyeballs.
“Fucking hell, Steve,” Tony says wetly, rubbing at his face and getting to his feet. “You go back - you won’t change a goddamn thing - you leave everything exactly the same as it was in our fucked up world - ”
Steve catches the past tense, the implications in those few words, and Tony almost looks shy. His own words get stuck on the way out, a muted gasp of wonderment, and the emotion overtakes him.
“Hm.”
“Here?”
Sure, let’s leave it at that.”
“You should go to bed, Cap,” Tony says while watching his fight off another yawn. “You’ve been awake for too long.”
“One hundred percent certain,” JARVIS replies, like he's offended that Tony had wanted to double check or something. Which, considering JARVIS had detected the dangerously-close-to-the-femoral-artery gunshot Steve had claimed to be unaware of not two minutes prior, is fair.
“We’ll figure it out,” Tony says, hope blooming on his face, and it’s lovely. Steve feels all the lovelier for putting it there. “You go back to your family, okay?”
“Someone’s been looking for you,” she informs Steve, dangling her little phone in front of him. “Call them back so they stop calling me. My phone went off in Chemistry today and my teacher almost confiscated it.”
He shifts the mouthpiece back.
time - I couldn’t do that, and look where it got us. So it’s up to you. It’s always been up to you, and it always will be.”
Tony leans in. Angles in close, swings an arm around Steve’s shoulders. He’s radiating enough heat to burn the building down, and Steve’s resolve crumbles into ash as he opens and closes his mouth without actually saying anything. It’s odd, how the preceding reputation indicates that Tony’s attention should be glued to the scene before them, and yet he’s barely spared the ladies a glance even when slipping a seemingly endless stream of hundred dollar bills under the edges of their skimpy outfits.
So far, he’s only learned three things that are even remotely in line with what he’d come here to find out.
“Someone’s calling for you,” she says slowly, extending the phone. “Says his name is James.”
Tony kisses over Steve’s carotid, right where he felt for a skittering pulse barely two weeks ago, and then sucks on paper-thin skin.
“You in a hurry, Cap?” Tony asks, lifting an eyebrow. “Got somewhere to be?”
Even covered in streaks of dirt, his uniform ripped and bloodied, Steve Rogers still manages to pull off confusion with all the charm of a golden-haired schoolboy.
While he’s in the middle of scanning a list of questions he’s already memorized, a soft thud announces Tony’s arrival, a tall and narrow glass of water set upon a coaster that’s materialized out of nowhere. He looks up just in time to see Tony sliding onto the nearby chaise, all widespread legs and loose wrists. There’s tension lurking in his chest though, well-disguised by a charismatic jostling of his knees as he makes himself comfortable.
“You know,” he says, once Tony steals the cone back, claiming that Steve is getting all the good bits of the fudge core, “one day, she actually will turn her photon blasts on you. And then I’m going to have to find someone else to defile all your properties with.”
“Is that just a ploy to get me to come by the compound?” Steve asks, and the joke falls flat as he watches Tony swallow slowly, Adam’s apple bobbing.
The water sluicing through the dirt and blood is heavenly as he closes his eyes and holds his face under the spray. The shower lasts so long he nearly falls asleep standing up, so exhausted and bone-weary that he really believes he could, but only the threat of a cracked skull convinces him to carry on. The Wakandan soil swirls around the floor before washing down the drain and he takes care to get it out front under his fingernails, remembering with startling clarity how it had gotten there in the first place. As he’s rinsing conditioner out of his hair, he remembers the nanite gauntlets retracting long enough for him to feel for Steve’s carotid, carving away streaks of mud to access the pulse point and not trusting anyone but himself in that moment, not even FRIDAY.
“I don’t remember asking you for beauty advice,” Steve interrupts.
“You can lean on me, you know,” Tony offers, hoping it doesn’t sound as stupid as it does to his own ears. “I can be here for you. If you let me.”
Somehow during the night they’ve found their way to each other. Steve’s body wraps around Tony’s so entirely, face pressed to the back of his head so close that the faint scent of shampoo tickles the inside of his nose. His arm hangs around Tony’s midsection, loose but protective, and Tony’s bare feet are pressed to Steve’s ankles where his pajama pants have ridden up. Steve’s other arm serves as a pillow for Tony’s head, slow and even puffs of air turning the inside bend of his elbow humid.
And so they do, and this time, Tony gets to initiate it.
“Because I don’t think with my outwardly-displayed genitals,” she replies matter-of-factly. “But no one reading the piece will know you’re gay, and people love to forget that Stark is publicly bisexual. It’s harmless, it’s cute, and it’s
“No,” Steve says, because this is important. He reaches out and stops just shy of the center of Tony’s chest. “You shouldn’t give me more than
is about that boy.
Steve pauses.
He can’t look at Tony’s face, not while he swallows thickly and is so good at earning Steve’s sympathies. He studies the white vees between his ghostly fingers, how close the tip of his middle finger is to that unraveled bowtie, how the strangely warm
“And I love you.”
“You don’t do press conferences,” Steve interrupts, and yeah, that’s definitely rude, but Tony doesn’t seem to mind as the frown disappears. “Not since the Iron Man announcement.”
“Since you don’t live here anymore,” Tony quips.
“Excuse me?”
“Pretty sure my date left me a long time ago,” Tony says, unbothered as he takes the cap but doesn’t screw it on. His fingers dance against the bottle, condensation wetting his fingertips.
Pepper looks surprised at that, and Steve isn’t sure of why. She acquiesces without much hesitation though, and ten minutes later they’re making their way down the crowded street, cups in hand.
Tony leans back, using both thumbs and forefingers to frame Steve’s head against the trees and rising skyscrapers. One of them belongs to him, but he feels in no rush to return to the penthouse.
“He is,” Steve says gently.
“Yeah, we’re going to need the good stuff if we don’t want to die tonight,” Natasha says, patting his arm once and then flagging down the bartender again.
For some reason though, he takes down the number Sam reads off and calls before he loses his nerve.
“Um.” Steve swallows inelegantly. The words process like he’s still using Internet Explorer, but once they register, he jumps into action. “Don’t get sick in the sink. Here, the stalls are empty.”
They remain partially in the water, locked in a comforting embrace, for a very long time. Their muscles don’t ache and there’s no need to rest, no sun to rise and alert them to a new day. Tony shifts slightly every now and then, and Steve shifts to accommodate him, but aside from that, they are still.
“It’s as real as anything gets, yeah.”
He wraps those stupidly pink lips of his around the black cocktail straw perched in his soda.
Natasha is
By the time they get back to the house, Steve’s told Tony all about everyone. They pick up dinner on the way, and the kids are all thrilled to open styrofoam boxes full of pasta and garlic bread. There are containers of soup, cannolis for dessert, and Tony holds court like a king, knowing everyone’s name and never slipping up.
“She’s lucky, then,” Tony says, mouth twisting. “If dad had been like that….”
“I love you,” she mumbles into his chest.
There’s too much to say and not nearly enough space. It pours out of him, and he knows he’ll have to edit it down until it looks a little less like a love letter to what Tony’s nipples look like pebbled in fifty-degree weather and more like a professional profile on an untouchable genius, but it’s something, and that’s really all he’s got now that Tony’s gone.
It’s the easy assumption that Steve will stay, that this is where Tony wants him to be. That’s what gives Steve the courage that he’s lacked for the better part of his life, and he steps forward, feeling the damp earth give under him, just slightly.
“I’ve got insurance,” he says, halfway to friendly teasing. “And sprinklers. You couldn’t do any real damage.”
“People like me being the silver lining, of course.” It’s self-deprecating, obviously sarcastic, but when Steve doesn’t immediately chirp back, Tony lowers the crust from his mouth and looks sideways. “Please tell me, no way. I refuse to take credit for your languishing in the industry when you’re so clearly meant for something - ”
Steve cuts him off with a kiss, and it’s easy to get sucked in when they’re the only ones left in the room. They take long moments to become reacquainted with the feel of each other, and by the time they’re gasping and getting desperate, Steve is ready to lift Tony up onto the counter and carry on.
Not yet.
“You will,” Steve says.
“You should come and check it out sometime,” Tony says, and it’s so blasé that he could be talking to anyone, except he’s not, and Steve is once again uncomfortably aware of the fact that Tony only gets to be alone with people he wants to be alone with, especially when he’s at a crowded party with hundreds of people who would kill for ten seconds of his undivided attention. “With all the renovations the upper floors are going to need, I’m thinking about a workshop for repairs when I’m in town. Useful, right?”
“What happened to ‘Tony?’”
“I just wonder,” Steve says, voice cracking, “if she was happier. With him. Happier than she was with me.”
“I’ll be right back,” Steve says, dropping Tony a kiss before padding out of the bedroom to the penthouse's rarely-used private kitchen.
And well, Tony hadn’t been expecting that.
But he cannot, for a multitude of reasons, so he lifts the bottle to his mouth and drinks in long, even swallows.
Miraculously, Tony is exactly where Steve left him: on the edge of a settee, head tipped back, his left thumb and forefinger spread wide to massage his temples. He doesn’t look up as Steve clears his throat to announce his presence. Tony just extends his right hand, and Steve juggles his bounty to twist the cap off the water before handing it off.
sucked his dick,” Clint chortles, and while Natasha threatens to dump Clint’s hazelnut International Delight down the break room sink if he doesn’t stop acting like an overgrown pubescent adolescent, Steve mentally braces to scrap the entire thing and start from scratch.
And then, too quickly, the line picks up.
“Hold up. I had a kid?” he asks, brow creased with confusion. “With who?”
“You don’t have to keep it all inside,” she says, and it’s a phrase that had once been well-worn but has long since fallen out of style between them.
It quickly becomes painfully obvious that this is the life Tony’s been living for the last several years, one of intelligence beyond the government’s greedy reach and technology on a level beyond any start-up’s wildest dreams. The wound in Steve’s belly begins to wake from its slumber as he recalls how foolish he’d been once upon a time, imagining a world in which his crush was returned and Tony would sweep Steve off his feet with heartfelt gestures and tender kisses. In that world, the tuxedo would only be the first in a long line of extravagant gifts that Steve would have the fortitude to refuse and Tony would have the respect to return.
“If other me figured out inter-dimensional travel before I did - ” Tony says hotly, clearly unable to cope with the concept of anyone achieving anything that he never got to.
“If I come sit down, will you shut up?” Steve asks through a cracking veneer of irritability.
“It’s okay,” Tony says bravely, finding Steve’s hands with his and twining their fingers together, holding tight, and Steve never ever wants him to let go. “You don’t have to try so hard anymore.”
Watching Rogers blush is always a fun activity.
“I’m sorry,” she says, hand stroking the back of his. “Jarvis told me, said Howard was telling you.”
“Found out about this place from the SHIELD agents,” Steve tells him when they’re strolling away in relative anonymity, both equipped with giant cronuts, fingers covered in cinnamon sugar. “Everyone was talking about how hard it is to get one, but the owner is a very nice man. Always has a few to spare for me.”
“Peggy’s husband?” Steve pauses for a beat, weariness oozing from every minuscule pore of his carved-from-marble face, and Tony nods. “He’s me.”
“I’m not sure it helped me,” he admits, but he calls Fury, gives him the okay, and carefully sets to scouring the house for anything that might give him away.
“Thank you,” he manages to get out, and Rogers hefts the shield into his grip.
He wants to tell him where he’s from, what the Tony from his universe achieves, how he is only here living this life because of Tony Stark. Steve wants to sit down and unwind the tangled thread together, explain everything and let Tony help him because he knows, he
“You told me you were okay with it,” Steve reminds him, arms uncrossing for a brief second like he’s worried that Tony’s changed his mind.
Steve shrugs, not knowing how to express what he’s thinking. “For trusting me with your daughter for a week,” he tries, and Pepper’s polite skepticism makes him want to backtrack.
They separate so Steve can load the conveyor belt while Tony taps his credit card against his chin. He’s staring at nothing and thinking about how he can’t wait to shower, how it’s going to feel like heaven to get out of the stale clothes he’s been wearing for more than twelve hours at this point, when his gaze catches on all the bags accumulating at the end of the checkout lane.
“Yes,” Steve says, so sure of himself that for a moment Tony wants to be sick, remembering first impressions and clashing egos. “I don’t think he knows how badly Peggy would like to talk about it.”
“I know,” he says. “I could’ve. But I didn’t want to, and I’ve got to get to Morgan.”
Tony sits sideways in the car, feet on the ground and his head in his hands.
When he’s getting close enough to taste unfamiliar perspiration significant on his tongue, something spurs Steve to roll over, shoving the pillows away one-handed so he can bury his face in the bleached-white bedding and shout till he’s blue, blue,
“I suppose that’s comforting.”
“Pretty sure whoever has the unfortunate job of being your publicist would disapprove of you referring to my ass in any context,” Steve says in an attempt to corral Tony and the conversation before it completely goes off the rails, but it’s a miserable failure as Tony takes a healthy swig of champagne while -
He takes a break from scanning the label to glance up at Steve for a split second, then does a double-take as Steve flushes deeply and sits back on his haunches.
“Don’t think I didn’t notice that you didn’t ask who I was talking about,” Christine says, crossing her arms under her chest, long red nails on display.
“Can you go - maybe faster?” Steve asks, ragged and wrecked and it’s simply amazing how quickly he’s come undone. It makes Tony wonder exactly how much effort goes into his collected disposition, except he knows the answer to that, knows that it’s one hell of a constant effort. “Harder? Can you just - more?”
He considers the offer, looking out as snow-white clouds begin to puff across the sky.
“Nothing at all,” Tony assures her.
When he makes his way back inside, he’s accosted immediately.
They’ve sent several dozen of the kids back to their families, but it’s clear that some of them don’t have anyone to go back to. There are webs of relatives and the occasional kid doesn’t even want to go, clinging to Josie and Denise and yelling. This is what they’ve come to know, and Steve listens as Beth sniffles at her station. Callie left a week ago to join her step-brother and his family in Dallas, and she’s promised to come back and visit, but it’s not the same and Steve knows that Beth knows it.
Steve’s ears burn red-hot as Tony splutters, babbling and telling Pepper she’s insane, and Steve pats Morgan’s legs as he stands.
Steve tries not to feel the twinge of hurt and betrayal plunging iron-hot through his belly, and reminds himself of how much Tony must’ve had to drink to need to empty the contents of his stomach the way he did. No matter how lucid he seems now in comparison, that doesn’t mean that he’s fully aware of his circumstances.
“Sure,” Steve says neutrally. “What about him?”
“It’s like I can taste all the different components at once,” Steve says, casting a look at the display in front of them. It’s beautiful and intimate and expensive, everything Tony had wanted it to be, and yet he’d missed the mark by a mile.
“Natasha’s bitter because I’ve got more space than she does,” Tony says, rolling his eyes. “She’s got nothing to complain about, she can dream up whatever she wants, she just doesn’t think as big as I do. Literally, hah. Here, I figured you could go next to her, maximize your window space. Might take you a while to get the process down, but until then, I can always make you something temporary. Just a placeholder, until you can personalize it.”
Tony’s hand lowers; slowly at first, and then snapping the rest of the way into his pocket as he clears his throat and tips his chin up. He suddenly appears to take up more room than he does ordinarily, but Steve’s been immune to his intimidation tactics since twenty-twelve.
He ends the call while wrenching the window open, the heated air a viciously unpleasant burn pressed to the uncovered sections of his skin. There’s a near slosh of protein shake out of the wide opening in his hurry to get back inside, and in the interest of preserving the hardwood floors, he ends up pausing with his ass half-balanced on the cracking wooden frame as he licks the residue from the lip of the bottle. It’s a short distance to toss his phone at the lounging figure on the couch, and his irritation grows as it’s caught handily before receiving exactly the same treatment as the remote. He forces himself to tamp his emotions down as he sighs, unwilling to move any further into the apartment when he’s like this.
Steve rubs one palm down the front of his fresh jeans, then switches his beer to the other hand so he can repeat the motion. “What do you want to know?”
“I know,” Tony says, looking down and meeting Steve’s eyes with his own. The thin skin around them crinkles slowly, and then they’re both tentatively smiling at each other. “Trust me, I definitely know.”
Against his better judgment, Steve gets into the passenger seat and adjusts the controls until he can stretch his legs out. Tony drives fast but smooth, and zips down the highway for a quarter of an hour before turning down the classic rock radio station and speaking.
Steve grins grimly as he waits for the words to sink in.
“A pain in my ass,” Tony swears under his breath, but he’s grinning wryly, and despite the little time they’ve spent together in this universe, Steve understands him better than anyone else besides himself.
“They don’t work with you,” Steve says with a shrug. “And I don’t want to argue.”
It’s the dullest of the night, and Steve has never felt more self-conscious in his life.
It’s always going to be like this, Steve thinks with resigned wonder. He’s always going to be left speechless and in awe of Tony. It’s a struggle to reconcile, but he’s managed worse. If Tony trusts him, then he can return that, because it’s
While on the run, Steve had blamed Tony for keeping them in the dark.
“Me,” Steve says, keeping his voice level and not daring to come closer. Tony could be like a caged animal sometimes, and Steve doesn’t want to spook him, provoke him into attacking.
“No, no,” Tony says quickly, barely giving Steve time to attempt to kiss him back. “No, it’s okay. It’s okay, Steve. I love you. It’s okay if you love me. Hell, it’s okay if you don’t. It’s kind of the assumption I’ve been operating off of, anyway. But it’s not weird, I don’t care if it is, because fuck those assholes, I love you, and if you brought me here because you love me too, then know that I don’t think it’s weird at all.”
“I’ve been doing a lot of keeping up with the news,” he says, back to playing with Steve’s hands. “And keeping an eye on lots of people with special abilities.”
“Sorry,” she says, normal this time, for normal human ears. Steve wipes his palms on his jeans. “Your friend is here.”
Tony had always been the bolder of the two of them, and in this minute Steve can only be thankful for it.
“Rhodey’s here and desperate for attention,” Tony continues on. “But let Beth do what she wants, okay? She’s not up to anything unusual for her age.”
Steve sits up and regards Tony warily, which okay,
“Tell me I’m wrong.” She’s suggestive, all lithe movements leaving behind a cloud of floral-sweet perfume as she backs away from him. “Unless, of course, this is about you not wanting to be just another notch on his whittled-down bedpost.”
“It’s just me,” Tony mumbles, and thinks of Steve kissing him slow and dreamy. “It’s okay. We’re not going anywhere. Come here.”
Tony scoffs while Steve closes his eyes and pretends to think real hard.
“You two loved each other very much,” Steve says carefully, not wanting to give anything away. “It was my understanding that you made each other very happy.”
“Everything,” Steve says, looking at Tony, drinking in the easy set of his shoulders, the loose lines of his body, blessed with the knowledge that this Tony can be his,
“I get that,” Steve says, and Tony can tell that he means it. Tony watches as Steve stretches his arms above him, mouth going stretched but staying closed in the way it does whenever he’s holding back a yawn.
“Good,” he reassures her.
“It’s going to be okay,” he tells her, because if there’s one thing he’s learned, it’s that. “It’s not so dramatic.”
Steve feels like he’s missed something. But before he can begin to think about it too hard, he’s in the car and Morgan is digging her toes into the back of his seat and demanding Tony play the soundtrack of some movie she’s obsessed with, and there’s a never-ending stream of chatter and talk of what’s for dinner and heated debates over ice cream flavors and -
“Thank you for this,” Steve says, and he refuses to cry, has spent too much of his life being angry and sad, but it’s a close call. He’s not certain of what awaits him should this work, but if it is to be the end, he is ready.
“Steve,” Rogers says slowly, enunciating with a straight face. “It’s not that hard, c’mon. Say it with me.
much.”
Not long after that, Peggy catches pneumonia again and never quite recovers fully.
“It’s probably time to get out of here,” Steve says. “You’ve got a car here, haven't you? Is Happy still out of commission?”
“It’s okay,” Steve says in a brilliant moment of strength. “I’m right behind you, just keep going, you’ve got me.”
“I can put you right back in that patch of space I picked you up from at any time, you know,” Carol drawls once Tony’s done ranting.
cannot, but he looks away from Tony and over at the empty vase in the corner while contemplating what else he can divulge.
“Then we can come there,” Tony offers immediately, like he’d anticipated needing multiple options. “Morgan might like a multi-night sleepover, she’d love Serena. Or you can come to Malibu. I’ve got her the entire spring break, but I know Pepper is bummed they can’t spend that time together. We can dump the kid one day, take a field trip or something.”
Tony looks back, just as serious and yet more ebullient than Steve would have imagined him capable of.
before.
Steve can only stare as the courier nervously maneuvers the box so he can dig at his belt for the electronic pad.
It might be phrased as a question but Tony doesn’t leave any room for argument, and Steve feels backed up against a wall that makes all the fire in his veins turn to ice - and not the pleasant kind, either. Instinct has him lifting a hand - when the fuck had he gotten one on the supple, blessed masterpiece that is Tony’s backside? - and pressing it to the center of Tony’s sternum. Only there isn’t just fragile human underneath his touch, there’s something hard and bruising under the rigid splay of his fingers and palm, and the air crackles with dangerous electricity.
He seesaws his hand, pulling one side of his mouth down in a dramatic
Life has been better for Steve since the Tony Stark piece, but not even close to good enough to warrant investing in his own personal tux. Journalism is still journalism, and as someone who isn’t routinely invited to soirées of a high caliber - think, the White House - he’s been relegated to renting. At best, he’s really only gotten a glimpse of life in the next tax bracket. At heart he’s still that boy from Brooklyn, struggling to put himself through a gamble of a college major while living on a prayer that it’ll pay off one day. And now that it’s paid off, he can pretend to mingle with the snottiest of them, floating by on genuine smiles and the sort of endearing boyishness that he knows won’t last beyond another year or two, when the lines in his face start sticking around.
For the time being, though, Tony pulls back to see Steve’s red-wrecked mouth and tugs at his shirt without any of his usual finesse. It takes some effort to pull up the hem from where it’s caught between Tony’s legs but he manages, pushing it up, higher, right under Steve’s armpits but high enough that he can swipe out a thumb to brush over a nipple.
Thankfully, Tony doesn’t seem to want to let go. He holds tighter than Steve would have expected, and whispers, “I’m ready when you are.”
“You should hear him when he’s here,” Sam tells him. “How do you think I found you in the first place? Asking if we’ve heard from you, real casual about it. Keeps threatening to take those photos off the picture wall. I think he’s planning on hanging them in his room, if he ever gets his head out of his ass about it.”
Steve wouldn’t dare pull away, though. Not when he’s being clasped close like this, Tony’s left hand plastered over the top of his back and heavy even through Steve’s own jacket and shirt before sliding up to brush rough fingertips over the very base of Steve’s neck. It’s enough of an embrace to drive anyone insane, Steve excuses feebly within the safety of his own head, eyes falling closed before he remembers that he has some degree of decorum to uphold, especially in the middle of the street, and he snaps them open.
“She’s got twenty-one dollars,” Tony says, and he’s looking over Morgan’s head to Steve. “What do you think, Steve? You want to splurge on some street tacos for dinner?”
Steve isn’t selfish enough to deprive Tony of that. As many times as Tony had attempted to retire, Steve knows what a source of joy it had been for him. Steve had taken enough away from the Tony from his universe - he won’t take anything away from this Tony.
Rogers takes in a deep breath, looking away. The bartender returns with Tony’s scotch on the rocks and what looks like a ginger ale, of all things. It figures the man immune to alcohol and hangovers doesn’t even bother.
They do makeovers, and Steve’s toes end up holographic cerulean. Morgan’s hands aren’t the steadiest and Tony refuses to get close to her kiddie nail polish collection, but he does let her brush his hair and slide a gold tiara on his head. Steve paints her tiny fingernails alternating mermaid green and neon yellow, and Tony begs Steve to teach her color theory.
“So. Where to start?”
Tony hums a few amazingly on-tune bars of
“Like I had a choice,” she says, and it could simply be a commentary on how Tony is the way he is
Tony snorts, arms flapping briefly before settling across his chest. He slouches down in his seat so far he’s nearly horizontal, legs kicking out as far as possible. “Pepper likes accusing me of lacking in a lot of departments, nearly all of them pertaining to my interpersonal relationships.”
get it right away.”
“Big guy like you, I’m sure,” he teases, snatching back the cigarette. It’s only half-smoked, but that doesn’t stop Tony from pushing it through the neck of Steve’s partially drunk beer. “Come on,” he says, with one of his barracuda looks. “Let’s get you a real drink.”
Tony just blinks blindly.
She rolls her eyes, and Steve is aware of the fact that Elliot hasn’t turned the page since Josie sat down.
“Not with things the way they were,” Steve says, because he doesn’t know how to say it all. Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t. He shouldn't.
“We can sit in silence if you want,” Steve offers, giving up on his search for the seatbelt in favor of sitting as far to the right of the bench seat as physically possible.
He can’t stop himself. He gathers half a dozen, then more, until he’s got a handful.
“You,” he says, rather dumbly.
“What, you never gotten less than a five-star review before?” Tony asks, and from his vantage point Steve can see the scathing angle of his brow. “One dissatisfied partner, and your answer is to make sure they know you never want to see them again?”
Rogers looks doubtful.
At the beginning, of course.
“You’ll just need to go slow,” Tony says against Steve’s upper stomach, working his way down exquisite planes of muscle with his full arsenal of talents, and it’s worth it for how Steve’s fists are clenched tight in the soon-to-be-shredded flat sheet. “It’s been a while, but I can handle it if you go slow.”
“So,” Clint says, and Steve tunes back in. “Tony?”
“Tony.” Rhodes sighs, shooting Steve an apologetic glare. “You don’t even like journalists.”
Steve does regret not buying a box, so on his way to Houston, he stops in another Walmart and buys two and a newspaper that talks about a charity that needs funding to further their efforts to reunite kids with their families. He eats dry cereal as he travels through Texas, and the burn in the back of his throat matches the one in the back of his eyes.
He snags Anne Hathaway’s attention for half a minute before she’s urgently called away, and there’s a moment where it looks like Bradley Cooper is coming to lean up next to him before Selena Gomez appears with a gaggle of her young and objectively attractive friends. They all want to know who he is but lose interest rather quickly upon hearing that he’s a lowly magazine employee, which is fine, because he really would like some face time with at least one more nominee before they all disappear. Sally Field ends up allowing him to accompany her to the restroom, and he compliments her dress and talents before she throws out a complaint about her shoes over her shoulder in parting.
“Has he told you yet?” Peggy is saying, clinging to Rogers’ hand with watery eyes when Steve gets there. “Has he told you his big secret?”
The band cuts off tight, and Steve excuses himself. He can’t breathe, can barely stand. Panic and anxiety spike through him, sharp and icy cold.
He doesn’t return to that parallel universe, and knows that Rogers doesn’t expect him to, that Tony isn't hoping he will.
He doesn’t know how to answer, and Beth swaps their bowls out. The chocolate is overly sweet and cloying, but it figures the kids would love it.
At first, Denise tries to tell him that he doesn’t have to. He thinks she sees the look on his face when he shades in the shield, and the next morning she brings him a luxurious bottle of Coke as he crosses names off a printed list.
The words are simple, but they still bring a smile to Tony’s face, one that he tries to hide by gesturing at the mammoth task in front of them.
“No, I swear,” Beth says into the phone, too fast for normal ears, but Steve listens as he watches Zeke fumble the ball. “It’s really him, Callie. Bonnie is pouring him lemonade, like he’s gonna fucking - ”
For a moment, he doesn’t think Tony will respond. But then he does, even and corrective: “The armor is a gold-titanium alloy.” He’s not mean about it, merely factual, and Steve’s chest burns from the frosty disinterest, because surely Tony walks around correcting people like this every day.
“You gonna shave first?” he asks, rubbing the back of his knuckles against his own stubbled jawline as a shit-eating grin crawls across his face, and Steve reaches for the nearest object that isn’t his half-full mug or his phone before chucking it directly at Sam’s face.
“D’you invite every journalist to come look at the suit?” he asks, words coming with more surety than his tongue feels as it pushes them out.
“She always forgets.”
“It’s nice,” Steve says, glancing at Tony after peeking in the closet. It’s empty, all the drawers are empty, all the shelves are bare and it’s all done very minimally with the clear intent for it to be filled up with whatever Steve desires.
He hasn’t held the shield in this lifetime, and it feels fitting to grasp it for the first time as he readies himself to head home.
They lock eyes, and Steve feels flushed all over.
“Sorry,” Steve says with a grimace. “Sensitive subject, then?”
“Very,” Tony says, picking up a cup and snagging a bite of Steve’s pancakes.
She pushes off against the counter and goes to leave. “Sure. You find the Ramirez’s dad?”
“Let’s go outside,” Steve says, thinking of the closed bedroom door.
Christine sniffs and turns to the bar to accept the glass of white wine presented to her.
“Did you have any plans?” Steve asks, because Tony had mentioned a day together without Morgan, but when faced with the actuality of it, it doesn’t seem as simple as it had. “Because I can entertain myself for a bit.”
“Because I’m an adult and get to make the decisions around here. Also, tickets are expensive. So unless you recently came across some buried treasure or have been negotiating stock options, that’s a veto.”
Tony absently strokes a red-stained thumb against the bone of Steve’s ankle, resting in his lap.
“Tony’s been kidnapped,” Steve says, and he has to stop before he ends up breaking the mouse. He shakes out his hands, nerves and tense adrenaline lacing his entire body. “It’s all over the news. Pierce wants to capitalize on it. Wants me to write about how he had it coming.”
“I’m sorry if you wanted to stand in lines with sticky children and sweaty adults for the better part of a day,” Tony says, “but I’m not putting us through that. Not during spring break, when every family in the country is going to be there.”
“Or hair clips,” she says thoughtfully. “I have these really cool ones with blue bows on them. Mommy says that way, she doesn’t have to fight me to stay still. Can we do makeovers tomorrow?”
“I’ve been holding out on you,” Tony says grimly.
“Only if you go get some sunscreen from Diana,” he tells the boy, ruffling his hair and taking the chalk.
“I don’t want to go to the hospital,” Tony says, and Steve never looks away from him, just watches as he uses his fork to push his eggs around his plate. “It smells funny.”
“Yes, you.” Tony rolls his eyes while passing Steve one of two fizzing glasses of champagne.
“The Battle of New York was the same,” he begins, and by the time he’s detailing the specific sequence of events that led to the Accords, Tony looks troubled.
There’s no good response to that, Steve thinks, fingers itching to curl around a beer or a gifted thousand-dollar glass of scotch, pounding it back until his subconscious stops trying to convince him that he’d known the feel of Tony’s lips on his skin long before the other night. Instead, he locks his phone and erases his last sentence. He goes through the piece and painstakingly picks out anything personal until it’s perfectly bloodless, a skeleton of a piece about a man who saved the city and is no less humble for it.
“No.” Steve cuts him off pleasantly. “Bucky, and Wanda.”
“I presume you’re going to tell me.”
Josie gets up to retrieve the calculator and leaves the room. Denise follows.
Wednesday nights are for indoor games. Steve has always been awful at Monopoly and he takes turns beating and then being beat by Elliot at Scrabble. He plays Go Fish with the elementary aged kids and spins when they play Twister, and learns that there’s a secret poker ring amongst the oldest kids. They play for things like extra packets of cookies and cigarettes, and Steve finds comfort in knowing that kids will always be kids.
“Hey,” Tony says, all sudden. “You’ve been in town for like, seventy-two hours, and we haven’t yelled at each other once.”
“I’d just rather not make a drunken fool of myself on the job again,” Steve says, feeling the need to cushion whatever blow he’s landing. He tells himself that it’s nothing, that it’s just a tiny chink to Tony’s gargantuan ego, but Tony flashes him a tiny smile that feels like lying and failure all wrapped up into one miserable package.
Steve doesn’t point out that they are, barring one fluke of a night, complete strangers.
To Tony’s shock and begrudging delight, Steve leans over to bite at the tip of the proffered digit.
“I meant the bullshit text,” Tony interrupts, and he’s moving once more, sitting up and leaning forward earnestly. “There’s no one else I’d trust to announce my retirement.”
“You might wanna get him out of here before Ben loses his shit,” she informs him. “A chance to meet his favorite superhero? He’s gonna puke. No offense, Steve. Ben picked a favorite long before you came around.”
It had changed quite a lot, Steve concedes. The Avengers were still on speaking terms, still functional and ready to fight any homicidal aliens who came falling out of the sky. It was perhaps the most obvious change, the one Steve had primarily intended. In that respect, he’d been successful.
“I don’t know,” Steve repeats with a helpless shrug. “And don’t tell me, I know I need to figure it out, so save your breath.”
He inhales, dreading a fate that’s already unfolded and wholly unprepared for whatever lens Tony might view it through, and subsequently, the lens through which he will be forced to view it.
“Well, then,” Tony says, stroking the clean lines of his facial hair, hoping to hell he looks exactly like a scheming corporate villain. “You’re just going to have to do me a favor and point me in the direction of one Mr. Rogers.”
When Rogers only looks away and doesn’t respond, something small but strong flares within Steve.
Something twists hotly in the depths of Tony’s belly.
“You can admit it,” Steve says, low and steady. “It’s not easy knowing that he’s gone.”
Rogers looks wary, but Steve knows he won’t forget.
Steve doesn’t want to give in so quickly. He takes a sip of coffee and immediately grimaces - how Tony is downing the stuff without gagging is beyond him.
There’s talk of things getting bad in Houston. Steve hears it when he wanders into a SuperWalmart because he’s running out of toothpaste, because for all the things he can live without, toothpaste is not one of them. His facial hair has grown out enough to look mildly scruffy and he knows it’s a sign, recognizes the signs that he’s not doing great, but he’s got his clothes in the washer back at the olive green painted motel and that’s good, at least.
and belatedly realizing that no one’s asked for a defense. “He’s got chemistry with anything with two legs, I’m pretty sure he’s got a thing for his assistant with the way he talks about her, and I’m just...”
“Not like that,” Tony attempts, but it’s useless. The damage is done and really, regret probably is the aptest description for whatever Tony is feeling that’s causing sour saliva to well up at the back of Steve’s tongue. He works his jaw, swallowing despite the awful taste. “Hey, you yourself said that you regret it, too.”
“I won’t,” he vows, meaning it.
Perhaps it’s imperfect.
For too long, the only sound is the squealing and honking from a distant intersection and the general buzz of nighttime insects. Steve shifts his weight around, shoes feeling too tight after too many hours on his feet, and tugs at the cuff of his sleeve when he realizes that Tony is looking at him soberly, eyes big and full of something that Steve wishes he could understand. No longer ebullient and exalting in the revelry, Tony seemed stripped, and in turn, Steve feels far more raw than he would like.
“Asshole,” he mutters loudly under his breath, but there’s no real heat behind it and Steve glances at him with that characteristic quirk to his mouth.
“And other people?” Tony looks at Steve knowingly, with raised brows.
“You couldn’t have known,” Tony says, scaling his voice back so Steve has to strain to hear, lest the words be lost to the open air around them. “You couldn’t have known that while trying to cheat death, I was thinking how I’d do anything to see you one more time, because you were the first person in a long time who didn’t care what you got out of me.
“But I get final say on pizza toppings,” Steve says, swapping out overthinking for something lighter, and he’s glad that he does, because it makes Tony smile wide, tongue tucked behind his teeth and eyes wrinkled into pretty little half-moons.
Which is - he pulls his fingers out of grossly sweaty-stiff strands and grimaces. He’s definitely going to be showering as soon as possible. As soon as he can get whoever the hell
Tony leans back into the embrace, amazed at how seamlessly they’ve transitioned into this, like their friendship had always been fated to evolve into a loving relationship.
Maybe that’s what does it, what brings him crashing back to reality, only reality as it is doesn’t exist anymore, and he can’t go any further. This is
“I guess curiosity won out,” Steve admits.
“Well,” she says eventually, pushing loose hair behind an ear and acting as though she isn’t wearing an oversized button-down, underwear, and nothing else in the middle of the afternoon. “Now I understand the urgency regarding the pool.”
Despite the bumps along the way, Tony likes where he’s ended up: in cheap-by-his-standards pajamas, drinking with a man who can’t get drunk who also happens to basically be his best friend in the entire world, on the front porch formerly belonging to a good-as-dead man who had so painstakingly taken steps to shape Tony’s life into exactly what it is.
It sends a not unwelcome tremor down his spine, alert and splicing like a scalpel.
They’re not a bad crowd, Steve thinks as the sun-drenched warmth insulating the wedged spaces inside his leather jacket begins to dissipate, leaving room for the evening frost to seep in. He’d excused himself to attempt to locate a bathroom around the time Pietro started to grumble about his stomach and Wanda began shooting down all of Vision’s offers to prepare dinner. They’re not bad, but they’re a group tightly bound by what makes them different, and they all know that Steve is an outsider. It’s not like he wants to be a superhero (well, not
“Oh, no.”
When Tony recovers, he says, “Hey, you wanna defile the hot tub tonight? It’s got a state-of-the-art filtration system.”
rings violently in his head, and he spills all over his hand and wrist with a wet gasp, hips falling to the bed in defeat.
“Yeah?”
The Memorial Day party is a roaring success. Clint and his family come up for it, and Steve’s kind of thrilled to have someone to man the grill with him. They talk about retirement and preteens and laugh at everyone else as they get overly competitive seeing who can land the biggest splash in the deep end of the pool.
“I thought about you in that cave,” Tony says, voiced raised just enough to get Steve to seal his lips shut and know that this isn’t the time to talk all over each other. “Could you have imagined that? That I’d flown over there, thought about working a little magic to track down your personal number and extend a casual open invitation for the next time you were in town, and ended up hooked to a car battery with a goddamn magnet in my chest?”
When Tony emerges, he looks considerably less like something yanked out of a shower drain and makes grabby hands for his water. Steve obliges.
Tony reaches back to grip Steve’s neck, anchoring himself.
“Who uses almond hand lotion?” Tony asks, and he looks fresh and clean and ready for bed at the end of an appropriately long day.
For a while, Tony forgets.
“Ah,” Steve says, rising instantly. “Yeah, we should get to that.”
“You would have seen him as me,” Tony supplies, and Steve nods earnestly. “He was just a kid, but you would have expected him to fill whatever shoes I’d left behind.”
“I don’t know what to say to that,” he confesses, totally gobsmacked.
“Okay,” he says, once his card is back in his wallet and he’s crumpling up the receipt in his palm. “But I call carrying the emptiest bag.”
“I think I used up all mine,” Tony says, and then they’re at a very nice house with a gate that Tony has to use a fingerprint to get past. “Pepper refuses to let me install FRIDAY, or anyone else,” he explains as they roll around the drive. “Warns me of the dangers of dependence on tech, which come on, after all these years? Sometimes I just think she misses JARVIS too much.”
Steve thinks of Tony, of historical pens and venomous words and an arc reactor being pressed into his hand.
The public funeral is worse, Tony obviously drunk and clearly forced into his suit, and Steve wants to hold him more than anything he’s ever wanted in any of his lifetimes.
He’s going to leave, Steve thinks, residual insecurities jump-starting. They’re going to part ways and Steve will be exactly where he started, again, spending years erasing this man from his soul until only the faintest of stains is left behind. It stirs acrid fury and regret in him, because he doesn’t want this, he wants to keep living a normal life where he isn’t fighting a force of nature that he’ll never truly win against. He’s only ever been powerless when it comes to Tony and he hates that he’s never been able to get them on equal footing, not truly, not for more than seconds at a time except even that’s been more of an illusion than anything, proven by how quickly Steve’s falling into old habits and falling for -
“Yeah.” And then, with a cocky quirk of a smile - “You’re coming, right?”
“I’m okay,” Steve says. Desperate to get a grip on his situation, he lifts a hand with his palm facing forward, fingers elastic. “You’ve got snow - ”
“No, you’re not,” Tony says, partially straightening and cocking a contemplative head in Steve’s direction. “But then again, if you were, I wouldn’t be asking in the first place.”
The Target is definitely not within walking distance, and Tony makes no secret of his immense displeasure as he tries and fails to keep pace with Steve's strides. Goddamn those mile-long legs of his.
attest to that fact.”
“Really?” Steve asks, far more exasperated than Tony thinks he deserves. “Are you forgetting that I’ve lifted literal buildings off of you? Single-handedly?”
“It looks lovely,” she says, handing him a glass as he stands at the window, looking out over the setting sun to the mess of a garden he’s created.
“The donuts were a great idea,” he says diplomatically.
“I don’t know what you want me to do,” he says, pouring out the last of the batter as Wanda shows up. “I don’t know how to make coffee.”
Neither of them says anything, but Steve thinks that they both know.
Her eyes narrow. “How?”
Steve just shrugs. As if he hasn’t been thinking the exact same thing.
“For what?” Pepper asks, eyebrows arched.
Tony’s grip loosens. “You’re sure?”
(He remembers the last time he thought that. Naked and strewn out on someone else’s bed, someone he thought could’ve meant something to him, rolling over to snag his phone from where it had been knocked off the nightstand to somewhere on the floor and barely within arms reach. There’d been a magazine half under the bed frame, and he’d braced his weight, palm on the spine of it for half a second, until the glossy pages had slipped and tugged the rest of the front cover into the strip of illumination from the barely-cracked bathroom door.
“Not...usually.” He trails off because there are a lot of things he probably shouldn’t do, many of which he’s already done.
“You know?” Steve asks, surprised, but Tony just snorts.
“Ow,” he says, pushing up onto his elbows and shooting Steve a grumpy look. “The hell was that for?”
“I’m not leaving,” Steve says, surely.
So Steve calls.
“I don’t brood.” Steve shakes his head. “Whoever told you that I brood - ”
“Would you like some lemonade?” Steve asks, footsteps heavy as he walks to the kitchen, slow but sure on his feet. He hears Tony close the door and follow him, but by the time he has added the mint and poured two glasses, Tony is still winding his way through the house, presumably investigating every nook and cranny. Patient, Steve sits at the breakfast table and waits, re-reading the morning newspaper.
The way it’s never even when he’s awake, unconsciously dancing around the same way Tony does when he’s on the move. Steve knows it will eventually even out before slowing down, turning to the softest snores that barely even count as such. For now, he just measures the length of each inhale, and knows it’s short enough that he won’t do too much damage if he speaks.
“I don’t have cooties,” Steve says, attempting to squash down his nerves with outwardly deflected exasperation. “And I’m not worried about being blacklisted.”
“We have to go back at some point,” Steve says, almost wistful as they press up against the railing.
“I love you.”
“It will drive you crazy,” he says, shaking his head. “Everything here is only as permanent as you let it be. I wasn’t the most stable when I got here.”
“My apologies.” She at least has the decency to look somewhat contrite this time. “Is this where you kick me out and force me to once again go through life wondering why I, an expert at uncovering dirt on people and getting sources to talk, can barely find out anything about you?”
Still, it doesn’t keep Steve from selfishly wishing it would end.
“How long were you planning on staying?”
Natasha refuses to indulge Steve any longer, stretching out in an Adirondack chair a ways from where they sit. She doesn’t look like she’s listening, eyes closed and entirely motionless, but Steve knows her and knows that she’s eavesdropping.
“I guess we were the only ones believing you might have crossed over,” Natasha says, eyes flicking over to Tony, who is impressively stoic.
The sudden, sardonic twist to Tony’s lips stops him in his tracks.
Another message buzzes through, and he looks at it without really thinking.
She raises a manicured eyebrow while opting not to follow through with her end of the handshake, and Steve is simultaneously thrilled that he’s gotten the opportunity to actually meet her and dreading whatever judgment she’s reserved for him. Unlike him, though, she seems well-rested and well-practiced and doesn’t reveal anything he doesn’t already know.
Steve, though - he’s a bit of a wild card wrapped in traditionalism.
Sam laughs into the phone, and Steve winces at how loud it is through the car’s speakers.
Rhodes seems surprised, shaking Steve’s hand firmly while shooting Tony a questioning look, and Tony flattens a hand to his chest in a
Tony knows Steve. He’d said it not thirty minutes prior, and he’d fucking meant it.
She eyes him somewhat suspiciously, and he takes a sip while trying not to worry too much about what he’s done to deserve her inspection.
“Tony, give it - ” Steve says quickly, and makes like he wants to snatch the frame back, only Tony purposely knocks over a mug of assorted office supplies, and Steve glares reproachfully.
“Is that all, Cap?” Tony asks once he’s certain he can speak without his voice cracking.
His mouth is parted, eyes bright with delight, and Steve feels the ebbing tension fully disappear.
Tony relaxes minutely. “I don’t. You know about Vision, don’t you?”
“Lots of ketchup,” Steve says.
“You bought this house,” Steve says, uncomfortable. “It’s yours, so if you - ”
Obviously dismissed, Steve nods hollowly and shifts one foot outside to rest on the ground.
“I know you think that’s supposed to hurt,” Tony drones over a loud, sparking sound, “but I’ve heard much worse over the years. And let’s not act like you’re a great example of successful communication. How long did it take you to work up the nerve to ask me about that night, exactly?”
“We haven’t fully figured it out,” she says with a flippant shrug that tells him she couldn’t care less about figuring it out, and Tony has been doing most of the figuring on the subject. “Not everything seems to be exactly as it was on Earth, but similar enough. It’s impossible to know where we are because transportation isn’t necessary here, and trying to determine our relative location is pretty useless when we can alter our surroundings on a whim.”
“There's no point in lying about it,” Clint says, and Tony shoots him a highly affronted look before going to get Steve a new drink.
“Wasn’t sure how you’d take the news,” Howard says, “what with you and Peg and all.”
He thinks about what he’s done and how he isn’t sure there’s much left for him to do.
Tony chuckles. “Not quite, Cap.”
Tony’s eyes darken immediately, bodies pressed together.
“How are you?” Wanda asks, licking whipped cream off the maraschino cherry on top of her peanut butter milkshake.
And Tony recalls with perfect clarity, wanting to ask Steve if he really thought that he’d be a good dad, if he believed in the very concept of soulmates, if he ever thought about letting Tony reel him in and kiss him till their mouths bled together -
“Have we spooked you?” she asks, and when he looks up, her head is tilted sideways in a genuine question, hair spilling out from where it’s knotted low at the nape of her neck.
“He told me to tell you to use that phone he got you,” she says, incredulous. “Do I want to know?”
Steve lifts a hand to touch Tony’s hair, making sure the cosmos aren’t at risk of falling into the lake.
“Alright,” he says, making his way down the front steps, immediately diverting off the path and crossing the admittedly well-maintained lawn. “The point is - I don’t know, the point is that I want to support him, and I don’t know how to. Saying goodbye like this is never easy, and I know I’m supposed to let him go through the grieving process however he sees fit, but…”
There, Tony thinks satisfactorily. That wasn’t so hard.
“You would know, mister journalism degree, wouldn’t you?” he cheeks, and Steve just rolls his eyes with what feels like the same kind of fond exasperation he’d seen painted on Pepper’s face.
“Maybe if I’m nice enough, you’ll share,” Tony says.
Steve lifts one pair of joined hands, aware of Tony watching him curiously, and brushes a dry kiss over two very different sets of knuckles. His pink-pale alternating with olive warm, Tony’s fingers slight compared to his. Wispy hairs tickle his lips, and when he picks up his head and dares to glance at Tony, he can’t look away.
“I know I give more than I should,” he starts, but Steve cuts him off.
“I’ve got an alibi,” Tony says immediately. “Whatever it was, it wasn’t me. Tell him, Steve. I’ve been right here this entire time. He’s prepared to swear to it in front of a jury.”
“We have to go to New York,” he chokes out past the bands compressing his insides.
“So, not like a puppy at all,” Natasha says, deadpan.
“I’m not most people,” Steve says, and then he talks for a long time, until his throat goes dry and Fury understands that he is to tell no one, that he isn’t to ask for information he isn’t freely given, that Steve will not allow things to be changed.
“Jesus fuck,” Tony says, mouth hanging open dumbly, and Steve swallows thickly. He’s golden-pale in the warmth of the artificial light and no matter how many times Tony sees him bare like this, it’s a wonder of the world every single time. For a brief beat Tony loses track of what they’ve been building towards, forgets how badly he wants to seal their mouths together again and see what other noises he can get Steve to make, because he’s just that incredible to look at.
“Hold on,” Steve says, words echoing off the tile.
Steve settles their things while Peggy readies a groggy boy for sleep, his hearing picking up their little conversation as he brushes his teeth in an opulent bathroom with gaudy gold fixtures.
He needs to get a grip. Normally he can navigate his feelings for Steve rather adeptly, so much so that no one suspects a thing, but it’s been one hell of a week. They’d only sent old Steve to his original universe the previous day, and they’re about to -
because he believes what Steve’s saying. Whatever had happened in the other universe, this Steve,
“You’re one to talk,” Tony snaps. “You and your damn hero complex.”
“That’s right,” Steve says, sipping at his drink. “You were there to interview Hammer. What is it they say, kill two birds with one stone?”
“I think the only one here getting bored is Morgan,” Steve says, and Tony smiles behind his hand. “Really though, it’s been nice. Feels like what everyone says a vacation is supposed to be.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, attempting a smile. Tony tilts his head to look up at him, fingers twitching again. Steve thinks Tony can’t possibly want to touch him any more than he already is. “It took me decades to consider that thinking of you as mine might have meant something.”
Some things never change, Steve thinks wryly.
“He knew how to cook,” Steve says, tone perfectly neutral. “I went for Christmas. 2013, I think.”
“On one condition.”
“You asked me about Peggy,” Steve says, the old instinct to avert his eyes and hide overridden by general awe at his new reality. “Can I ask - ”
It’s not exactly what he hoped for, not exactly who he hoped for, but the voice still brings tears to his eyes as he reaches for the familiar face. It takes a moment to realize that his limbs are no longer leaden.
“You’ll hear the official story with everyone else,” Steve says sternly. “We’re going to explain everything in just a minute.”
It all means nothing, Tony explains when Steve eventually loops back through the yard, inexorably reeled in by its magic. He’s still wearing the crown, Steve notes with extreme satisfaction low in his belly.
“Veto,” Tony repeats, bopping her on the nose, and she ducks out of the way and grabs her drink. “We’ll run over more viable options on the way home.”
“My turn for what?” Tony asks, nonplussed as Steve snaps the waistband of his sweatpants into place. “Refusing to use the bathroom as the changing room it was intended to be?”
“Yeah, sure,” he relents.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony says, and it’s not pitying, but it’s empathetic. It fuels something inside of Steve.
Tony inhales, holding in great lungfuls of smoke, and Steve wonders how he can manage that when Steve can’t seem to get enough oxygen to his brain on a normal inhale. His mouth feels dry when Tony flicks the ash at the floor before extending it to Steve.
“Wanna give you what you want,” Steve gets out on an exhale.
,” Steve says again, because he’d given Rogers one bit of world-changing advice, and now he will give Tony one bit of his own. “We are all taught to believe that the people we love most are people worth dying for. That the sentiment is an appropriate manner through which we can express our love. When I was a child, my ma often said that if she could carve out her healthy lungs and give them to me, she would. But we are not like them.
“If I’d wanted to do something nice for you, I would have,” Carol cuts him off, and Steve could spot the indignant expression on Tony’s face from a mile away. He just drains the rest of his drink, icy and spicy-sweet with enough bite to make him feel something, even if there’s no way he’s getting drunk, not even with how much alcohol Carol’s added, and gets up from his seat.
“I’m surprised you’re not just going to get both,” Steve says, so close that Tony can practically feel the words as they rumble through his body. “Or is that not the theme of this excursion?”
He wonders how they keep managing to do this to each other.
Rogers nods, stretching his legs.
, so close yet so far.
Steve squints at him and wipes the illusion of sweat off his brow. “You’re not pushing the shopping cart.”
He is still alone.
“He made me tell him everything,” Steve says, and phantom sweat seeps out between the lines of his palms. “And maybe I shouldn’t have, but at that point, what the hell, right? Anything to stop Thanos the first time around.”
Really, he doesn’t know how he missed it. He’s long since attuned himself to Steve’s presence, the low cadence of his voice and the bulk of his shoulders the usual giveaways. Even beyond that, though, Tony knows his confident stride and can detect his deodorant-and-detergent scent long after he’s left a room.
When Sam says hello, Steve grins.
“And let me guess: you fell into the first camp.”
He doesn’t forget about the first box of cereal, a large Iron Man printed across the bowl of Iron-O’s. The large writing announced that for every box sold, Stark Industries would make a donation to relief efforts nationwide.
