to have answers first. My body had found its place during the night, but my mind, and in particular, my memories, were still at sea. I needed Holmes as a light tower, to navigate me safely to the shore. Who had I been, here, in Sherrington Hall, all those years ago?
In that small room, Holmes really felt at home. He didn't consider it just a place to vent his sexual desires, not only because he came there even when he needed to be alone to reason about an important cause, but also because it was there that most of the time he and his companion argued, they remained silent smoking a pipe, they talked about some new cases next to each other, naked.
While clearly out of his depth, and normally loath to admit a weakness, my Holmes was grinning like a schoolchild. It was a wonderful look on him, carefree and so lovely. Together we managed it. Holmes informed me while we ate in front of the now lit fireplace that Mrs Partridge had taken upon herself to prepare us some luncheon and had sent her daughter here. As I wanted to point out possible risks, he surprised me and said that David Jones’ son currently courted the daughter, so all would be well. Apparently, Holmes had hinted that all I wanted was to say goodbye to my old family home. And that was true.
I felt stiff after the nap. Apparently, we had brought the weather from London with us: Sherrington’s High Street shimmered in the early afternoon haze. Everyone—save for me—was in a good mood. The sky was cloudless. I was not sure if I was glad to be back, not only because I did not know what would await us at the estate; it also did not feel right to be here, to be back at my supposed home. This was not John Watson’s street anymore.
The question stresses Watson. He shuffles with his shoes, twisting his hands, not looking anyone in the eyes. “He had better days.”
Holmes entered the room and took a few steps on the thick carpet. With a gesture, he told us to remain put.
from his sister’s place to his own bedsit in a terrible part of London soon. He found it claustrophobic, expensive, and alien. There was nothing for John outside London—no family to count on, no friends devoted enough to offer support—so he had to make do. John sensed he would lose his lodgings again because he screamed in the night.
“Ten days, Mr Holmes. It took ten days, during which Dr Watson’s grandfather had already been passed away from natural causes. His condition had been critical prior and the disappearance of his grandson had been too much for him, or so I was told. It was quite some eventful days, as you can easily imagine, and in particular, when it happened in such a small town as Sherrington. Then a letter arrived that assured that John Watson was alive but severely injured after a fall. You remember Sherrington is close to the sea, and the weather turns fast, so an accident was accepted as gospel. Especially, when taking into consideration that you had only spent a few summer vacations at the estate in your youth. Apparently, you were an adventurous young man, talking about joining the army in a year. Therefore, it seemed plausible. The letter ended it wasn't expected that you would recover fully and probably would die young.”
Oh, it is delightful to kiss Sherlock Holmes. The first kiss we shared was innocent and sweet, unsure and hesitant, but what followed... by Jove. I am in love! I said as much: “Sherlock, I love you.” Oh, and what a joy to hear his awe in his voice and see his eyes shine and to listen to his, “John, I love you too”.
Before meeting Sherlock, he had been afraid. More often than he had liked, he had been on the verge of a panic attack. He had spent many nights in his bedsit gulping cheap alcohol. Back then, he had been felt adrift, powerless, frightened. Once, he had slammed the glass down onto the table so hard that it had shattered.
I could hardly contain myself. What an odd coincidence... Before I could inquire further, Lestrade continued his report, clearly misinterpreting my exclamation.
This is an angsty one... set in "Mr Holmes" aka retirement!Holmes (you might know the movie starring Ian McKellen as Sherlock Holmes). For readers unfamiliar with this universe: it's a Sherlock Holmes who suffers from dementia and is doing his last case. It is unclear but heavily implied that he dies afterwards. Also, and this is IMO making it's worse: there's no John Watson in it and when Sherlock Holmes reminiscences the three important people in his life (via stones --- nope, I don't make that up), John Watson isn't mentioned because you know, not important enough.
a knock at the front door, so John went looking. Why Sherlock hasn’t entered through the window is baffling. However, John focuses on the other oddity: the return of Sherlock Holmes. John Watson does not faint, but it’s a close thing.
He vowed to make love to him tonight. Probably, the letter will be found in a special place on the mantlepiece by then. After all, their two loves should shine and should be seen.
“Sounds… interesting.” He tried for a convincing smile. “An acquaintance of mine mentioned this group to me. I know you don’t use real names, but perhaps you’ve seen him before? I’ve got a photo with me.”
Soon the lineup to Sherlock’s concert is playing. Apparently, the radio station airs a best-of. There are several competitors. John recognises some pieces as well as names thanks to his recently reawakened interest in the classical world.
"According to what I discovered during my research, Robert didn't like the housekeeper, everyone knows that by the way. So he tried everything to get her to leave. But when he realized the Colonel had fallen in love with this scheming and was preparing to marry her, this old butler, long attached to the Landsbury's service, hatched an atrocious plan. He had kidnapped the colonel's daughter and do everything to ensure that the housekeeper was accused in her place."
Sherlock wakes up on Sunday, well-rested and relaxed. It’s the day of the concert; Sherlock is nervous, but not about that. For months he has been agitated. Now, he almost wants to skip. Yet, there’s been the promise: when he wins the scholarship, he will give John a private concert. And who knows what will happen afterwards…
At the front door of Crevecoeur Hall, we met our client. His eyes were fixed on the horizon. As we passed him, an impersonal voice echoed.
An uppercut that I was quite proud of had just made his downfall. If I had kept my old form from my rugby and army days, the fool would have been severely hurt. I had a temper back then.
The day of the concert. Wise words by Mrs Hudson: "All will be well. Just you wait, be patient, don’t spook my boys, and then the wall will be down at last..."
already condemns her. It's so simple. Adèle disappears and Jane inherits. Why did I write this new will? I'm a fool for being fooled like this..."
"You take me for a fool, Holmes. As soon as Mary-Ann returns, I will kill you. Then we both will go. She must have killed Adèle already. She has the guts, my Mary-Ann. "
"People die every day, Lestrade." Acting nonchalant, Sherlock has straightened up his posture on the sofa, regardless.
In response to his complaints about the Inspector, Holmes only vaguely shook his head and uttered the cryptic: "It doesn't matter." After which the conversation was settled, and John returned to reviewing the numerous documents that he had already collected, checking them against the necessary list.
With a bit of jealousy he made sure that Mycroft only studied the strange marks on John's back without touching them, and after the end of inspection Sherlock immediately wrapped him back in the blanket and sat down next to him as close as possible. Mycroft, for his part, only raised an eyebrow, however, deciding not to comment on Sherlock's behavior in any way, which in itself said a lot.
The first thing that came to mind was a portal. John now knew that this was not only feasible at home, as Holmes had demonstrated, but it was also heavily energy and labor intensive. Here, except for the echoes of simple spells and the ritual performed, there was nothing, and the Agents would immediately figure out if too much magic was used, or if its nature was strange. So this option disappeared immediately, and here his theories dried up.
The attendant who met him and undertook escorting him, now and then looked back at him, as if afraid that John would be lost or left behind. As soon as he showed up at the gate and held out a leaflet, asking if there was a recruitment for the courses, and whether it was still open, he was immediately invited to go inside. Encouraged by this reception, John had not only agreed, and without any questions, followed the boy who had become his guide.
Their sudden stop in the middle of a busy street caused violent indignation amongst passers-by, who, however, as soon as they looked at the dark mage, immediately hurried back to their business. Late evening beckoned with the promise of warmth, which forced the inhabitants of the never sleeping megalopolis to pour out in a crowd to enjoy this rare phenomenon. And now he and Holmes had to make room on a narrow sidewalk so as not to be demolished by all this motley crowd. In the endless multicolored stream that went past them, the dark mage stood out sharply, not only in height, clothing and appearance, but also in his veiled aura, involuntarily attracting even more attention.
After waking up, he always remembered every little detail. This time he dreamed that he became a bird. In this dream, an ash-white wall of mountains stretched before him, its snow-covered peaks gleaming redgold in the red-yellow sun. The mountains flowed smoothly into the forest. Majestic trees in dark green armor gazed at the sky with hostility. Nearby was hidden a wide valley covered with pebbles and boulders abutting against inaccessible slopes. In the middle of the valley, meandering and rustling, a river ran, bubbling with foam between stones and trunks brought by the stream.
Before him sat twelve children, not counting Patrick, who stood at a distance and had to warn them in case anybody from the Temple appeared. John knew he was doing nothing reprehensible, but he could not help feeling that it was better for no one to know what he was doing here. The nature of the local divine artifact unsettled him. It seemed to him that he was about to understand something, but it stubbornly continued eluding him over and over again.
Sometimes, it seemed to him that they were more than just partners, and gradually, became something more than just friends. He could swear by anything that Holmes was frankly interested in him. On the other hand, it could only be a figment of his vivid imagination. The social skills of the Dark Mage, though they had a place to be, were still strongly atrophied due to rare use, so Sherlock couldn’t separate his behavior from the common or romantic aspects of relationships. Furthermore, during all the time that they lived together, John had never witnessed that Sherlock was interested in someone else other than as an object of research, experiment, or the Work. He could have called himself the only exception, again bringing him back to where he began in his reflections.
As John managed to find out, this was the usual phrase used by the Seers and Oracles to reveal their visions. He had never participated in something like this in his life, therefore, he was a little confused. It seems that he should have said something in response, but the only thing that came to his mind was simple:
“Good morning, Healer Sawyer. When we’re alone, I’d rather you call me John, and I you, Sarah. Do you mind?” John stepped closer to the witch, who had left the office to meet him, and leaned forward a little. Even with his short stature, he knew how to make himself look confident through acting like this. Of course, compared to Sherlock, who easily and professionally succeeded in invading someone else’s personal space, he was quite far away from such skills, nor did he pursue his goal to embarrass. But with such slight aggressive behavior, as he knew from personal experience, he could more than eloquently demonstrate his interest. When Sherlock did that, he involuntarily took it that way.
“What happened?” He looked around attentively, but didn’t notice any suspicious experiments or echoes from dubious spells, meaning it was Holmes, himself. Even the skull on the mantel was silent, though as soon as John crossed the threshold, he blazed cheerfully with blue light, attracting attention.
John was not sure if he had ever visited this part of London on purpose and not in passing, he hadn't had reason to. Currently, he couldn't  afford the services offered by the local mages and witches here or when he was younger. Now that he had incentive to, he couldn't say that he was glad of the prospect to walk the strict, boring streets of such a corporate London.
Having disentangled himself from the folds of the blanket, John reached out with his hand to his face, at first barely brushing his forehead and frowning eyebrows with the pads of his fingers, but with every moment the touch became more confident - his fingers slid down cheekbone to the jawline and froze at his lips. There was a strange expression on John's face, as if he could not believe in the reality of what was happening, as if he could confuse what was now between them with one of his dreams, which he was just learning to read and understand.
They did not talk about anything; they just walked alongside, and, as he strongly hoped, enjoyed each other's company. John didn’t know what Sherlock was thinking about, but it was unlikely that if something didn’t suit him, he would be silent. Personally, everything in this situation suited him. Although there were so many things that he would like to ask the dark mage. How did he meet Molly Hooper? How did Lestrade become his Inspector? Why did he have such a strained relationship with his brother? Had he ever been in love with someone? What was his very first case? Why exactly a consulting dark mage? There was a lot more that he wanted to know about Sherlock Holmes, but he did not dare to ask. Perhaps later, when they’ve worked and lived together for more than a couple of months.
Anyway, the first dinner of many in Dorset. They had needed a nanny, as there was no Mrs Hudson nearby. Which was how Sherlock and John had met the Partridge family: they owned
“Who do we trust, even if we don’t know them? Who passes unnoticed wherever they go? Who hunts in the middle of a crowd? You call for us when you are drunk and need a safe trip home. You call for us when you are in a hurry, and it’s so important you reach your destination in time. You call for us when it’s a dark and stormy night; when the rain is pouring down; when it seems as if the world is going to end. No one ever thinks about the cabbie. It’s as if we’re invisible. Just the back of a head.”
Startled, I rushed to answer: “No, I’m afraid not. Rather confusing when taking into consideration how beautiful Sherrington is, I think.
): Rather a rash project of yours Moriarty—even though you have made the street quite safe in every respect — to make use of that thing; so early in the evening and in this part of the town.
"Be quick! I’ll send Robert to fetch Dr Lewis. But I don't want to take any risk. Watson will take care of Jane, as he’s right: Dr Lewis won't be here for an hour."
It’s a bestseller, and in particular, the men who like to call women their wives without being married to them choose them as a token of what they call affection.
Mr Jones continued his tale. “Prior, your grandfather had what one might call a difficult relationship with his family. In the beginning, he announced many conditions for his inheritance. Therefore, it should not come as a surprise that only Dr Watson’s brother Henry and their cousin, Walter, will meet said conditions. Then, suddenly, the old man changed his mind. Over dinner on Sunday night, he said that he would make you, Dr Watson, his heir—with no further stipulations. It was rather a shock to the others, which seemed to amuse him a great deal. Before my father left him to his own devices that night, he had ordered his best brandy and an excellent cigarette. The last time he was seen that night, he sat in his favourite armchair in front of the fireplace, quite at ease. Someone later reported that they kept thinking that he looked like someone who awaited a catastrophe and had made his peace with it.”
Sherlock Holmes had been born on a Wednesday under a scorching, burning sun, long before the first God. After the Prophecy of Revelations, the Jinn had been given a choice: convert to Islam or live their lives as heretic demons. Obviously, Sherlock had chosen
The night before he had met Sherlock Holmes, John had experienced something that he had not really experienced before. More than fear, more than crushing anxiety: it was doubt.
It helped that the wealthiest merchant in town calls Miss Hooper his wife. However, that is the way of life! The carpenter paid his price: the judge voted in the barber’s favour.
It was a bit of a gamble, but John was a gambling man. And both of them enjoyed a good game. Maybe, after years, one could fill the old phrases with new meaning, to give them an extra layer, to acknowledge that they had been an invitation to something more all along.
I longed for an explanation, and a confirmation, in words and action, that he knows about the depth of our partnership.
Anyway, terrible rambling tendencies! I became one of the old men who are sentimental and nostalgic, always prone to storytelling and never quite remembering the ending when stuck in the middle. Thank God, I have Holmes who interrupts my thought process or my tales brusquely to bring it quickly to a conclusion. He pats my shoulder or squeezes my hand nowadays, and I sense that he's relieved that he knows I had this tendency already in my youth, as otherwise, he would be terribly
Instead, a cab dropped us near the bar. Sherlock had his eyes glued to his smartphone and the driver mostly on the road, only sometimes sneaking us weird glances, which was understandable. I had put on some ratty clothes I had stored away after moving in 221b. If I remember correctly, it was the same outfit as when we first met in St Barts.
): How do I know? Now, Watson, how absurd for you to ask me such a question as that. How do I know anything? (
“Good. The first part of Mrs Nordon's speech is therefore true. I wired in London but no information had reached me yet. He will have to come and testify at the trial.”
"Keep hoping, but let me conduct my investigation as I see fit, sir. I'll let you know if there is news."
“Forget it. Your danger is mine. Now, not another word, Holmes. I will make us a cup of tea, hot and... Tea.”
“Taking the notes left with the bodies into consideration, I conclude that searching through his phone and internet records wouldn't turn up anything. Frankly, I don’t even know if Dr Neil has the finances to pay a bill. It’s actually quite smart, going the old-fashioned way: a killing method from the ancient days, etc.”
The interview of the co-worker confirmed the victim had catered to an only male clientele for roughly half a year, but no BDSM connection as far as he recalled.
The war had left traces in the town and the house. Technically, it is not a hall anymore as it is simply too small now. We never rebuilt the wings. It is a larger cottage now, one might say. Who knows? In fifty or a hundred years, people might not even know it under its old name: Sherrington Hall.
“It’s a big thing in certain circles. Don’t ask me for details. Maybe it’s a version of BDSM with a guilt trip to Catholicism, I don’t know. A therapist certainly would have a field day with them. Look them up, Mr Holmes, you might be surprised at what or who you will find.”
"That day is etched in my memory. In the morning, I left to settle some business in the nearby small village of Great Yarmouth. I wanted to use the trip to buy something for Adèle, too. It might not be a wise thing, but I love to spoil her. I wanted to find her a pony because she had just started riding lessons. I spent most of the day looking for the perfect pony. I returned in the late afternoon. The pony was a wonderful surprise for Adèle. She was so delighted.
Life in 221b was alarmingly domestic. He somehow sensed that if he were to discover—let us say, a foot in the larder—that he would not bat an eyelash. Sure, he would order Sherlock around to clean up his mess, but not without both of them in companionable hysterics.
This chapter uses parts of Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons". Already the original author let Holmes play his Winter, so it seemed only fit to take the liberty and remix parts of Vivaldi's sonnet.
It was true what I let slipped out when we chatted for a few minutes, recalling once again the days of the past, while our prisoner vainly wriggled to undo the bonds that held him.
Who they really are, one could only witness during the night. Here, hidden in the darkness, the heat of their bodies warms them up.
Mrs Hudson was still absent, and my mood hadn’t improved overnight, so I decided to not offer a cup of tea to Holmes. He had insisted to not disturb him, had he not?
Today, it's time for a quick "hello" to Shirley Holmes, the hero and protagonist of 'The Adventure of Shirley Holmes' (Canadian TV Series, 1997-2000). As I grew up with the TV series, it's very nostalgic for me to have written something set in that universe. Futher, let me tell you: if you know all the great female incarnations, you tend to not accept a lot of bullsh*t and bad writing from male (screen)writers & the like later. Honestly, if you ask me: the best use of Molly H.? Canadian TV had it covered: female Moriarty. (Their Moran & Co wasn't that bad either; yep, Shirley Holmes is meta-ish but original and far better than most of the lot.) Oh, and in case you're wondering: Bo Sawchuck is Dr. John Watson in 'The Adventure of Shirley Holmes'. No clue why they changed that tbh. If someone knows, drop me a line.
Sherlock was just putting up the map of London on the wall and marking the crime scenes with a pin when the visitor showed up unannounced.
"I took care of it. Then Miss Parker took the tray and took it to Adèle’s room. Sometimes, however, it was the maid, Mary-Ann, who was in charge."
“The writer of these lines didn't lie the first time. I'm afraid he's not lying this time around, either. Our man is the one who kidnapped and killed Adèle, he's just trying to get Mrs Nordon accused of her crime.”
The handwriting is unknown to him, but he will have a suspicion. After all, Gregory Lestrade is the smartest of the Yard.
“She’s seventeen. People adopt babies, and only if they’re white. Bea is neither. Seriously, men. It’s
Finally, Sherlock rolled them so that he was on top. He recaptured John’s mouth, rutting against him.
I was compelled to relate the painful scene of the afternoon, not without recounting the disagreeable interview with Mr Landsbury.
"And what does it all mean?" It shows how much they changed as the great Sherlock Holmes can plan the question so often uttered by the
“Have you heard about the reenactment group, Mr Holmes? The one that performs the twisted mystery plays?”
"The benefactor of the last will is easy to determine. Without a doubt, it is dear Miss Parker. For the second will, since it was made after Adèle was born, it can only be about the latter and her mother. I do not see who can be mentioned in the first testament… I do not know enough about the personal life of our client."
and a hunting cap, resembling a deerstalker. He looked uncannily like Sidney Paget’s drawing accompanying my stories in
It is a good place for the poor, as their starvation is put to rest. The food might be dry, sometimes close to coal, but it is kindness that helps them survive, as the soul hungers for it.
Oh, and yes, Sherlock has to seek refuge in 221c, aka John’s flat, because Greg and Mycroft are shagging 221b.
like a deduction game - and Sherlock knew his opinion about him as a target and kept his thoughts to himself most of the time nowadays - but something was puzzling him.
? They would even spot a post-it with an observation, a question or even a solution from time to time in her neat handwriting.
“Yes, even I had not calculated that you would follow him, but you would find yourself locked out and clambering in through the back, but it turned out well. You will make an additional witness for the prosecution.”
When Holmes had completed the search of the area, he returned to London. He believed that part of the solution to this case would lie in London. So he left me and urged me to watch over our client carefully.
... don't tell me that this case sounds less realistic. Have you watched the show? That's part of the fun. It's hilarious. Futhermore, the ep celebrating/crossreferencing X Files? Awesome.
HOLMES: Yes, very much like a torch. But not any old torch, Watson. You are my torch. You are a special touch.
“I am afraid you must do without. Neither of us can take a chance until this business is complete. Now, please, let me get on.”
John longed to wish them away with each kiss, but he was only human. He hoped that his action transported wish to Sherlock.
return to the autumn of their life in London and later, for retirement, in the metaphorical winter, they found a home here forever."
Reluctantly, Sherlock Holmes turned in the beach's direction. Sherlock hated walking on the beach, or so he claimed, loudly, whenever Rosie dragged them here.
"Elementary, Lestrade! You don’t die easily from crucifying. It takes approximately three days depending on the physical fitness and stamina of the victim. And the cross with a male body undiscovered for that long in a city like London? Highly improbable. Therefore, another method of killing, with poisoning just being the most efficient. Get the body to St. Barts. We will check in with Miss Hooper. Coming, John?"
The captain of the guards ought to resist, as it is his drum, but it is also his love, so he lets it happen.
“So what? The result is the same. The unfortunate woman is going to suffer trauma and you will gain nothing in this business.”
“As for Adèle, we'll have to redouble our efforts and do more research. Her body must be somewhere, buried.
Just like John, he feared to let his guard down, feared that once he started talking, he could never stop.
It will be the same here, even though he certainly has observed my notes and scribbling. He could deduce its content but he has not.
"Not necessarily. Molly suspects it was consensual, if rough. She estimates the time of death in the early hours, around 2 to 4 am. It could be the client going for rough or bad BDSM practice, but I doubt it. It all seems planned, staged really. You know what I'm saying..."
John phrased it neutral. He is sure, though, something seemed to shine through because the irritation from the driver’s face softens into understanding and empathy.
In particular, Holmes was not so silently fuming with anger: "What an imbecile! And this lawyer dares to ask me to send his regards to Colonel Landsbury. That peacock might even hope to get praised
The sea breeze swept through the town until it reached his grandfather’s estate. His family, estranged and alien to him, slept on.
He collected his violin from the case again. This evening he had played all the songs they had wished for. From "Away in a Manger" to "Silent Night", "The First Day of Christmas" to "All I Wish for Christmas is You" (a request from Irene, and oh, her eyes had given her away). Rosie's - Watson's - favourite had been "Rudolph - The Red-Nosed Reindeer", no surprise there. Even the "You're the mean one, Mr Grinch" ("She has seen the movie", John had tried to explain and apologize in the same breath, and Sherlock had not let him, instead had started the first notes) had come as a surprise. For a second, Sherlock had feared that someone would draw a parallel to the Grinch and himself but all were just smiling and nodding enthusiastically when Rosie - Watson - had babbled about wanting a dog like Max (Sherlock had made a note in his mind palace to look this up as soon as possible).
"Don't worry, Dr Watson," she replied with a poor smile. "It is only the worries of these days, no doubt."
“Oh, John.” The mysterious man had let his voice drop, and John licked his lips. “And here I thought you were an idiot. Oh, don’t scoff, practically everyone is. Yes, John, I’m a Jinn.”
The sentence shifts and changes constantly. Some days it is “To the very best of times”, some nights it is “Who you really do not matter”, some days it is “There is always two of us”, and some nights it is..
"But I guess you left poor Mrs Hudson to take care of Baker Street alone," he retorted, ignoring the question. He also approached the cashier after removing his jacket. He too remaining with only his shirt, then took a few bows and a few candles, intending to help him decorate the little pine tree.
HOLMES: I do not care for it at all. I do not require any notebooks. If you want it, so badly we will have someone get it for you.
John had lost all feelings of time and space. Was this a normal occurrence? John’s concept of normal was under constant question, too, but he surprised himself by admitting that he did not need it. Now, when thinking about
I had shaved off my moustache. I felt naked and uneven, partly because of the odd looks my companion was throwing at me.
"Maybe, maybe not as the will can provide me with valuable clues for my investigation and thus find Colonel Landsbury's daughter."
Baker Street was even more buried in snow. It was cold. Mrs Hudson had taken care of the fireplace and hellfire was burning. I was seated in front of the fireplace, relishing with delight the warmth of the flames on my cheeks. Holmes was pacing the apartment impatiently. I didn't understand his agitation and didn't want to interrupt his reasoning.
“After such a long time, one cannot imagine that he’s still alive. I cannot imagine that he simply ran away. There were no reasons to do so as there were no money problems, or alcohol abuse or addiction to stimulants, or some secret woman. I know that some men have a mistress on the side, but my father was not that kind of man. At least that was what my mother will say about the matter: she was the only woman in his life. And a woman, his wife, should know such things, should they not, Doctor Watson?”
“Tell me about Sherrington,” I replied. To distract me, her or something else I could not put my finger on, I tried on my old role as Holmes' assistant. “Who lives here?”
I turned. Michael Landsbury stood there a few yards away. He had a rifle in hand. His partner, Mary-Ann, was standing close to him.
She looked at him as if surprised to see that he was still there as if they had not been sitting five feet apart for two-and-a-half hours.
He moved closer to Mrs Nordon and placed both hands on the table, in the attitude of a victor. He proclaimed, barely hiding his triumph in his voice: "So it is settled, Mrs Nordon? Isn't it better to come to an agreement and share the Colonel's fortune? Doesn't 500 pounds make a beautiful sum?
That night I lay awake in the muggy heat, bedclothes pulled away and grieved what I calculated the death of my reputation.
repeats endlessly to judge no one, as there’s only one last judgement day. Yet she is quick to say judgemental things about anything and anyone.
"Why, why, why..." House caged me in. He had his peculiar look on his face. The game was on, etc. Only now, I registered he was barely clothed. He practically only wore black boxers. And something around his neck that was surely no collar. Oh, and socks, which I found endearing in a way because it made him look human again. This proved that I had gone crazy because House might be a human being (but only quite) but just no... "Does the good doctor want to tell me something? Come, be a good boy, sit on my lap and tell me all your secrets. Come on, don't be shy..."
Before Lestrade turned around the corner, he looked, and our eyes met. Holmes had been right: Inspector Lestrade was the most capable of the Yard.
However, John is fed up with maybe and hopefully someday. He knows about forever in limbo, and it has to stop.
We had reached the estate. It had taken us considerably less time as we had rushed here before the weather turned for the worst. I hoped that no snow would fall because if this would be the case, we would be well and truly fucked, or so I feared. However, as I would learn soon: my Holmes had some tricks up his sleeves.
“Apologies, Jones. It must be my just recent recovery from a severe illness and that Holmes dragged me here, regardless. But that’s Holmes for you.” I winked to cover my distress, and it worked.
What went behind closed doors - for years, I might add - that is an altogether different story. A story that I might pen down to paper, put it into a strong wooden box, and hope those kinder days will discover it in the future. Come to think about it: I am confident that even in the future my private life would be not looked upon kindly. One day, society might not be objected against love between two men, but what we did - no, what I did to Holmes for years...
allows no harsh words. Yes, they might be chatty. Yes, they might be soft in their heads. Yes, they all talk only of men. But that’s no reason for Phillip Anderson to yell at them and call them names. They were only asking him politely if he wanted to have a bath, some herbal soap or a massage. It’s all proper! And if Anderson jumped to a conclusion, surely he was at fault. Yes, it isn't wise to ask a strong man such things. Yes, they understood now that it had made him the laughing-stock of his lad. But if they’ve learned a lesson, so shall he.
"Sherrington Hall hadn't," John Watson interjected, "I would have known it. It would be in the blueprints." He waved them around.
“Six senses and all that?” I asked in return, still unsure what all of this was about. My agitation morphed into alarm.
“The killings, Mr Holmes. Two dead bodies as of today. Oh, it’s dreadful. Two young men of unnatural inclinations were killed, even in death, being disgraceful to Our Lord. Blasphemy, Mr Holmes. They died like our Saviour, Jesus, on a cross.”
The clock announced the full hour, sixty minutes left until midnight. Then it would 232 days since Sherlock Holmes had jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s.
"Fortunately, there are still good souls in the area. The Winsterneys brought me back with a carriage."
He put the mug on the table before taking the milk to the refrigerator, the interior of which smelled
"Don’t theorize before you’ve got all the data." I finished the rest of the bread roll and still felt peckish.
on a fateful day in St Barts, has become the centre of my world. Oh, it is not only his words that have a cunning effect on me…
I'm particularly proud of the final chapter as it provides a plot twist, I *think* no one has caught on yet. Since the beginning, already in the plotting process, I wanted to "pull a Neilman", as he did with 'A STUDY IN EMERALD'. For the people who aren't familiar with it, it's an ACD pastiche by Neil Gaiman, which has a particular spin on 'A STUDY IN SCARLET': the heroes, aka Sherlock Holmes (Vernet) and John Watson, are the baddies, while the narrator and his new companion, the detective, are probably no-other than Moran and Moriarty. However, that "truth" only reveals itself in the very very very last line.
“I haven't been in London that long just to warm myself by the fireplace as you seem to believe, my dear Watson,” Holmes smiled at me, still slightly sad.
“All children do, but you ought to eat one piece yourself, Dr Watson. Make a strong coffee, a proper tea time. Good day.”
) I tell you it is the boldness born of ignorance. Do you think I would be here if I had not made the streets quite safe in every respect?
Holmes smiled enigmatically. He turned to Adèle's bed. Here, he explained his line of reasoning: “Adèle spilt part of her herbal tea on her pillow. You can still see the yellowish trace. The smell has long since disappeared. Did she drink it every night?
It took Holmes but a short time to find a side entrance to the stalls: a wooden door that had seen better days. With little force, it yielded to our desire.
and went along the path of what I assumed to be the shortest way to the ocean. Jones, familiar with the surroundings, never left my side, unlike Holmes, who dashed away from time to time; Jones altered his step to match mine. It was rather nice. We passed some locals, exchanging some pleasantries as we
All I wanted was to get back to my Watson, to be at his side again, to reassure us that this horror was truly over and we both made it out alive.
Even after his presumed death and the appearance of Scarlet, there had been constant denial. Now, it was shifting like quicksand, the “how did you fake your own death” to “why did you leave me alone, letting me grieve for months?”
We took the train at nine to the countryside and reached our destination around noon: the lovely seaside town of Sherrington. My companion had found our lodgings in a local inn with the charming if the somewhat grotesque name of
Sherlock, also breathing too fast, continued tugging at the jacket and vest. Finally, he roughly stripped off the jacket and vest of his arms. Sherlock bent and tossed the items as far away along the floor as he could—while John staggered at the vehemence with which his lover just ripped them off himself. The jinn reached up and pulled his trousers off, breathing heavily. He turned and stared at John for a moment, then hurried back to further undress. Socks, pants. Finally, he was laid bare.
Instead of visiting Baker Street, I go to Sussex immediately. There is no hope of seeing the house once more, to count the steps up to our shared flat, to wait for Mrs Hudson’s announcement of a client I’ve already deduced by then, as the war took both her and the house before their time.
“What suspicions? The police know nothing and have no clue. The kidnappers have free rein. No, I can see only one explanation for this lack of ransom.
Then, as if it had been yesterday and not nearly two decades since we last had seen each other, Holmes winked and added, “Care to come along?”
As always, Holmes was unaware of this. He offered me one of his monologues: “David Jones’ father was not only the private valet but also the closest to what one might call a friend and confidant of your grandfather. They were around the same age, shared each other’s trust, and apparently, Jones’ father was the only one who could handle his certain particularities. He disappeared shortly after your grandfather’s death. Unlike you, to be never seen again. The son is sure that there has to be a connection.”
For a second, it looked as if Norton had won: a figure looking like Holmes was lying in our living room. However, something struck me as odd. Even in my emotional turmoil, the scene reminded me of something... oh, the stage piece with Sebastian Moran!
As if it was yesterday or tomorrow, I played along, "for you, Holmes. However, a normal fellow like myself needs some explanation."
have known that Holmes observes more secrets the minute he lays eyes upon a person than the average Londoner sees in a lifetime.
the city of Ubar, The Lost City of Towers, in Oman. It had been a good city. On most nights, there would have been three, maybe four thousand people: every traveller would rest at Ubar, and the music would play, and the wine would flow like water and the water would flow as well, which was why the city had existed. It had perished a thousand years ago,
Perhaps it was this presence of mind and tenacity that saved our lives. Suddenly, several shots erupted, narrowly missing us. Nearby trees were struck. The horse, terrified, frightened by this unusual noise, galloped off alone through the night. Before losing my consciousness for good, I prayed to Heaven that the beast did not go straight back to Crevecoeur Hall.
Ahead, the sea where I had dreamed of a life at sea as a young lad. Or so I must have, surely. It was a boy's dream. I could not be that odd. Or was I already an outcast in my youth? Marked by strangeness, my wicked nature already branding me? To my right, my grandfather’s estate high on the hill. All I had was a name and other people's stories about him, me and my so-called family. "Poetry or truth?" Holmes had asked once Lestrade. He could not solve the case of
The cab driver opened his eyes; he grabbed and replaced immediately the black sunglasses, but it was too late.
No, all John Watson needed was a miracle, but as he was no idiot, he knew he would not get another one.
"My dear Watson!" Holmes exclaimed and turned to me. Apparently, he had noticed my appearance before I had even opened the door. Probably the detective had recognized the steps on the stairs, or something similar. Jovial, my companion continued to speak, not taken aback by my exclamation. “I thought you would enjoy having this place decorated for the holidays.”
“I will continue to tend to the bees. There are beehives in the garden, aren’t there? And I intend to write a monograph on the congregation of the queen bee. Alas, no mention of my discoveries in the Himalaya, I’m afraid.”
The suit is his shield of armour. His cufflinks are a graduation gift from Mummy. The only extravagance is the purple shirt. If Mycroft doesn't approve, he will have to physically drag his baby brother from the stage, for it reminds Sherlock of John.
Outside, we found Robert pulling a horse out of the stable. It was a beautiful beast, black and with powerful hocks, but quite jittery. Concerned, I observed how my companion approached the coachman. I didn’t like this manoeuvre one bit.
Finally, the will caught them off guard. They had to change their plan and removed all the troublesome witnesses. In the end, it led to their downfall.
His main room had always been too hot and stifling, so last night John had opened a window, and now it was too cold. When the sun had finally risen on a new day, John had put a dressing gown over his pyjamas, silently cursing to himself. He wished he could turn up the heating,
. When we continued our path, the wind had roughened up the river. Waves were crashing against the docks. So close to the water, the snow has been melting, making everything slippery wet. Oh, how I wished we would be back in 221b already.
Only an Englishman tries to find philosophy in a tea mug, John thinks. He grins, then tries out a smile, and when he succeeds, he drinks his tea.
Thanks to his wish granted ("Dear God, let me live"), John Watson is back from Afghanistan. However, how good is a miracle if you cannot survive another week in London? Let's see what fate plans for him...
He was clearly not being flirted with; he hadn’t lost his knack so much as to not determine when someone was interested in him in a romantic way. The only exception in his life was Sherlock Holmes. From the very beginning of their unexpected acquaintance and partnership, he couldn’t determine what Sherlock really felt for him.
“John, late last night a courier delivered an envelope for you and Sherlock, but I didn't bother you. If it was something urgent, there would have been a special note. Although, judging by the return address, this may turn out to be something important. Usually Sherlock throws away all the letters from MinMag (1), but your name is also there.”
Wilkes has a high position, which he hastened to boast of, however John could not appreciate this, since he is far from interested or involved in this subject, and Holmes does not care about such things.
He hadn't hoped much to persuade Holmes, but he had already received one disciplinary hearing, and John wanted to avoid a second if possible. Moreover, for such avoidance, it was enough to show a little awareness. The dark mage leaned in closely, abandoning his usual manner of looming, and now their eyes were practically at the same level.
Their living room was expected to be filled with noise and bustle as soon as they entered. John, ruffled, climbed onto the sofa with his legs and wearily but still patiently watched the other's throwing while Sherlock, in turn, watched him with interest. Having lost half of the colors at once, John seemed to have faded, but at the same time he looked unhealthily animated. Very lively, beautiful, trembling. His.
“You met Mycroft,” Holmes jumped up with displeasure and in two steps flew up to John, who was already mentally preparing for interrogation.
He had to say goodbye hurriedly, and dial Dimmock on the run, who, as expected, wasn’t particularly happy by his call. It looks like he should start looking for a better candidate for the position of his Inspector. John involuntarily thought of Mycroft, and just as involuntarily winced. He didn’t want to turn to the Necromancer, besides, even without the Gift, he could already foresee Sherlock’s epic displeasure; so it was worth saving this option until his relationship with Dimmock completely went wrong, or Sherlock once again pissed him off with his experiments. Ahh, temptations, temptations.
The mere thought that he could now freely use his magic, without looking back towards the Agents of the Ministry, without doubt and without fear, filled him with joy and gratitude. As he strongly suspected, these feelings would last for a long time, accompanying his every action, every divination or spell cast. It wasn’t so easy to take and forget the threat of receiving the Mark and the terrifying prospect of losing his magic forever.
Once this phrase became decisive for John to confide in a then unknown dark mage. Now he was ready to follow Holmes anywhere, without any hesitation, and not at all because of despair; now it was an absolutely deliberate choice for him.
“What did you find out?” He was flattered to hear something like that from the dark mage, usually stingy with praise, but he still didn’t understand how he could be of help.
“I know.” There was no point in denying it, besides, John felt that he was about to learn something very important. Carried away by the conversation, he and Su Lin moved very close to each other, so that their heads almost touched.
When he was walking along a busy street, he had been shoved hard by a stranger, who without even apologizing, quickly disappeared. John did not even have time to be indignant, he himself had to apologize to a girl, whom he unwillingly hurt trying to maintain balance after the push. So there were traces of brickwork on his sleeve and trouser leg, which he was not lucky to hit as a result. But he still saw nothing special about what had happened.
The unpleasant feeling of being watched closely came almost immediately. On the other side of the door someone was waiting for them, but it was definitely no longer a living, breathing person. The mysterious Mr. Wang Kun no longer had to worry about being reprimanded by his superiors for his absence from the workplace, but they on the other hand could earn more trouble on their heads.
With rare exceptions, when he really wanted to cook something, or when Mrs. Hudson gave them a treat, he and Sherlock ate from a long list of restaurants and delivery cafes. They even had favorite places to order food from, and even Angelo, Sherlock' good acquaintance and former client, made an exception for them by delivering his signature pasta whenever they were in the mood for Italian food.
Noticing his attention, Sherlock was distracted from the photos flickering on the screen only for a moment, but the intercepted gaze was enough for John to ask the question that had tormented him for a while.
The evening did not promise to be interesting, but after an eventful day, running around half of London on Holmes’ errands, he only wanted a little peace. He was tired of the abundance of alien magic and spells, and communication with officials and Agents of the Ministry of Magic, who, even to the most patient person, which he never considered himself, could spoil his karma. Unsurprisingly, Sherlock shoved all of this tedious but necessary routines onto him as his partner. Sometimes, in such cases, he involuntarily even had suspicions that the dark mage had drawn him into his Work, so as not to do something like this himself. However, such thoughts didn’t linger in his mind for a long time, supplanted as they were by other pressing matters.
“I understand and won’t detain you any longer. You can look into the accounting department later. But I’m still waiting for you this Thursday at nine.”
As a Healer, John was used to answering only to the head of the department to which he was assigned, and the army, in principle, had its own hierarchy, very different from what was in civil society. Therefore, he still had to get used to coordinating many of his actions and reporting to his Inspector. And he once again regretted that Lestrade did not take him under his wing. Probably he also called Dimmock, because he, John, did not even think about it. And Lestrade’s efficiency could not fail to command respect, he himself got to know Dimmock only today. There was still an unlikely option that Holmes was involved, but it had a right to exist.
(3) Meditation for finding Balance comes down to three traditional stages, passing through which allows to “tune” the body to perceive the flow of magic. As you grow older and due to habit, the reference to the Balance occurs automatically, on a subconscious level. Since Balance is, in fact, the harmony of the human body and magic, and therefore the optimal and best form of interaction between them, this ideal interaction is fixed in the subconscious for life.
He chose the warming spell, not only because the children, many of whom not dressed for the weather, were now freezing, though they were still, patiently and curiously waiting for the demonstration. This particular spell didn’t require some kind of complex or intricate activation, only two runes. They were sufficient enough to be applied to clothes or any open skin, or even just be drawn in the air in front of a person, though setting the distance made it more difficult, it was necessary so the effect of the heat emitted by the runes could extend back to the person.
The strange words again puzzled him, though he tried not to show it; he wasn’t a half-demon. Most likey, the signs could be seen by any magical creatures, half-bloods, or those such as he - who traveled beyond the line and returned with altered magic.
“Good evening,” John respectfully bowed to the floor, practically touching his forehead to the painted solid boards.
“Hmm,” the stool nearby was already occupied, and now the dark mage, pulling his legs up to his chest and bending over in an inconceivable arc, was carefully examining him. John rolled his eyes and returned to his cooling dinner; they had done this more than once.
The question caught John off guard. It was unlikely that he could somehow betray his interest, or rather, he didn’t think that it was possible. Although Sherlock had mentioned his expressive face more than once.
Looking at the appearance of this still rather young man, he decided that they might even be of the same age. Moreover, the past years have left even more traces on him than on the Master of this Temple sitting opposite. His dark skin looked young and fresh, and his dark, smooth hair without a single gray strand was pulled into a high ponytail, revealing his ears with many amulet earrings. Intuition told him that it was definitely not some charlatan in front of him; something in the other's eyes involuntarily aroused respect and even a slight awe.
“Me too,” John muttered. In general, he had no objection, but still thought that there should have been more conspiracy.
Familiar black ribbons wrapped around him, muffling the glow and shattering the cobwebs. Now it was possible to forget about any uncertainties completely. Holmes not only intervened in the course of the performance, he also revealed himself as a dark mage. As soon as he dropped his disguise, his magic, no longer restrained by iron self-control, broke free, filling an already poorly lit room with dense tangible darkness.
The cafe was quite lively, but among other things, didn’t prevent them from placing their order and taking seats at the counter in the corner. They attracted less attention, and their quiet conversation was drowned out in the reigning general hubbub.
In the days that John could devote to learning, every morning he involuntarily stood at the head of a small procession, and a bunch of children lined up behind him, to slowly walk to the gate of the temple. He, like the other students, had a new school day.
Magic rang and shimmered, enclosed in graceful ligatures of runes. Its mesmerizing ringing calmed and pacified, drowning out unpleasant symptoms from the drugs, so John couldn’t but to admire such resourcefulness. Even for Healers, such a technique was rare; to use it, it was necessary to possess considerable talent and skills. And lacking them, this was not available to him.
John shook his head skeptically. Dimmock still had a lot to learn, and above all, to keep his mouth shut if he didn't want to look stupid in front of his more experienced colleagues.
“You could have told me,” John muttered, smiling. What he got, was a look that clearly said, "and where is the fun in that?" and a demonstrative shrug of shoulders wrapped in a navy blue silk robe. Holmes didn’t even bother to tie it up, and now John could see silk pajama pants, t-shirt stretched around the neck and gray from numerous washes. White graceful feet, not hidden now by expensive shoes, looked strangely defenseless against the background of a multi-colored carpet in their living room. “It's amazing.”
“Yes. Will this be a problem?” John sincerely did not yet understand what all these questions were about.
Since the two necessary runes were already activated on him, John decided to warm all the kids in one go. Unhurriedly drawing in the air in front of him an uncomplicated ligature in the required sequence, he habitually let the magic pass through him and fill the created spell with itself.
Holmes moved with the confidence of a person who had been on this floor more than once and knew exactly which door he needed, which, among other things, didn’t prevent him from stopping at the secretary's desk and exchanging a few meaningless words with a pretty girl. It was fun to watch someone else's embarrassment mixed with fear. The girl was clearly impressed by Sherlock’s unusual appearance and expensive clothing, but she could not help but feel a foreign oppressive and dangerous aura.
And, of course, as usual, he had to take care of the social interactions himself; the body under the white sheet clearly interested Holmes more than communicating with the living. It was another reason why he didn’t even think to start being jealous of her for the dark mage.
Inspector Dimmock came across as a rather capable mage who, despite his obvious youth, inspired confidence. A pleasant face and pleasant manners involuntarily inclined, and John immediately liked his aura, light beige with green splashes.
With trembling hands, in uneven lines, he entered the date, time, and essence of the dream into the already existing table. He managed to effectively stumble across the Internet into a forum of the Dreamers, from which he took some practical advice. One such piece of advice was to keep a dream diary, which he now compelled himself to do.
Therefore, the appearance of Inspector Lestrade in his life was more than ever welcome. He, in turn, wishing to take a break from work and colleagues, also regularly called on him for a pint out. This gave them a great reason to complain to each other about one obnoxious dark mage and not be overheard. Though, as John strongly suspected, Sherlock knew without being there that they were discussing him.
“Let’s walk a little, if you don’t mind? It’s so rare when the weather spoils us with warmth.” John was a little embarrassed, he could have walked alone, but he and Sherlock never went out somewhere just like that, and not for the sake of business. He wanted to somehow correct this omission. If he thought about it, the dark mage rarely bothered himself with any kind of socialization, and John saw this as  a chance to bring something new into his life, even if it was something so insignificant, perhaps even completely unnecessary to Holmes.
He scarcely used this word while in communication with Sherlock, only on rare occasions, but each time has had a tremendous effect on the dark mage. His eyes glazed over, and his face became like a wax mask, as if he were disconnected from reality and for a moment, fell into a world known to him alone. However, this too also quickly passed, and Holmes agreed to everything that had been discussed before this sacramental word was spoken.
As if overhearing his thoughts, Holmes turned and caught his eye. Unable to bear even a few seconds, John embarrassedly averted his eyes, trying to shake off the feeling that he was caught peeping. He shouldn't have been distracted, besides, the most interesting thing was just beginning to happen. The body on the table lifted and bent in an inconceivable arc, the cervical vertebrae cracked loudly, and the victim's head rolled to one side, so that lifeless, unseeing eyes stared at him again, causing a feeling of deja vu.
The elderly witch was definitely not a Healer or a Necromancer, at one time he thought about the class of Oracles and Seers, but that wasn’t confirmed. He hardly believed that she could even be a Battlemage in her youth, like Lestrade or most of the Ministry Agents. He was sure he had definitely heard that her late husband was a dark mage though. As a Healer, he encountered a wide variety of mages, but when reading someone else’s aura, he had never thought to associate a particular Class to the color and intensity of the spread of an aura. It didn’t matter to his work, and he certainly didn’t have enough time to satisfy his simple curiosity. Likewise, in addition to her using the elementary everyday spells, John had never seen the elderly witch conjure, making it even more difficult for him to recognize her belonging to a Class, thus it remained a mystery to him. And the cause of awful curiosity.
He had to hurry, though he didn’t find what he was looking for. Surprisingly, neither in the books nor in the newspaper files, he couldn’t find a single mention of the artifact that interested him so. There was hope in Sherlock, but the likelihood that such minor information was stored in his vast Mind Halls were small. As he managed to find out, Holmes with amazing ruthlessness, got rid of everything, in his opinion, unimportant for the Work.
Deciding to take a textbook with him, John went to the checkout to pay and at least stir up the seller, who was not particularly happy with such an early buyer in his face.
The body in the hands of the dark mage twitched again, but did not make a sound. It was just as painful to look at as it was to feel another's overwhelming force on oneself.
John had repeatedly encountered advertising tricks of this type, but for the first time in his memory, he did not want to throw out an ordinary black piece of paper without having read what exactly he was offered this time.
“I'm not expecting anything else,” John looked away and stretched out his arms in front of him to wiggle his fingers.
People dusted with red slowly walked past him, their gray expressionless faces merged, for him, into one continuous and blurred stream of despondency, so it was impossible to even make out the mixture of races, ages, and sex. This picture was both equally frightening and mesmerizing. Against the backdrop of bright red and yellow paper lanterns, black and gold hieroglyphs, the signs and inscriptions of the neighborhoods of London belonging to the Chinese diaspora, all these people seemed just a kind of gray shapeless mass, devoid of purpose and desires. He could be wrong in his impression, but as a Healer, who had seen a great deal of mental illnesses in his practice, he could still distinguish the main signs.
Sherlock spread his legs wider enjoying the warmth in his lower abdomen. The memory alone made him feel hot, his breath snapped, and his heart beat faster — a familiar physiological response, usually unwanted, unnecessary, or inappropriate, but now he analyzed every moment and enjoyed it.
“The smuggling of rare artifacts is a lucrative business,” started John, taking out a notebook he usually took notes in during cases, almost never parting with it. Scrolling to the desired page, he quickly scanned over the entries.
“Well, yes, but how will I find a new Inspector now, if Dimmock refuses to cooperate? And in such a short time? I don’t think it’s worth doing anything during the investigation.”
He unwittingly drew himself up and offered his help, for which he was rewarded with the glances of three imperturbable pairs of eyes. However, he was politely refused, receiving a fragrant cup of tea, smoothing the impression that he was the main dish at this lunch. Both the perfectly brewed tea and the fresh biscuits were excellent, he even slipped a few to Sherlock, still sitting there pretending to be a displeased statue.
“Hello, I’m John Watson, Sherlock’s partner. Healer.” The witch’s small warm palm almost disappeared in his hand; and John wondered if his magic would react to this Necromancer in the same way as to Holmes, but nothing happened, which was fine with him. Only after introducing himself and sorting through his head what he said, he was surprised to realize that he had first indicated his partnership with Holmes and not his Class. This hadn’t ever happened before, on the one hand, there was nothing special in this, but on the other, it turned out that unconsciously he already prioritized joint work with the other mage and not himself.
And just like that, with a timely suggestion from Holmes, his plans for dinner and company that evening changed dramatically.
(3) Life-giving drink - a weak concentration of the elixir of life; one of the ingredients for many potions, as well as for all kinds of alcohol. It can be consumed in its pure form, and it is addictive like any other elixir.
“We are investigating a difficult case, and you are being exceedingly careless. I know that you can take care of yourself, I have witnessed this more than once, but still, it is worth doubling your vigilance.”
While they were busy with the performance, the number of people on the street noticeably increased, so that now, before entering the subway, they had to wade through numerous walking couples, families with children and noisy groups of teenagers. The merriment was seething all around; from the abundance of spells used, anyone could feel dizzy, and the only salvation was in the giant runes of dispersion applied directly to the asphalt under their feet. They periodically met with patrols and Guardians, which instilled a certain optimism; yet activities like this have always carried a potential risk to the safety and health of citizens.
“Moreover, you can forget about this commission altogether,” Sherlock informed him coolly, switching back to his brother sitting opposite.
The bedside light blinded him momentarily until he reminded himself to close his eyes. All the same, he had to blink the colored spots away for a while, and then fumbled around the bed in search of a pencil, which had covertly rolled away from him to the other side.
John could still ask Inspector Lestrade, but he didn’t want to bother him over such an insignificant matter, when he himself could not explain the curiosity that had arisen or a premonition of the importance of the image he had seen, he just felt that it was worth knowing about.
Looking around quickly in disbelief, there was still nothing suspicious around. No certain dark mage in a hurry to appear in front of him out of nowhere just as soon as he thought about Miss Sawyer, so he breathed out in relief, returning his attention to his interlocutor.
A small bookstore en route to his new place of work drew in John not only with an impressive vintage sign and sale announcement, but also the familiar bright yellow mark on the window. On buildings, on the sidewalk underfoot, on fences and on billboards, when less often, when more often, he constantly came across such arts. He even almost stopped paying attention to them, they had become so familiar. But sometimes, as, for example, now, this uncomplicated appeal still found a response, and John could no longer pass by.
John often had strange dreams, though they were always preferable to the usual nightmares where he woke up in the morning with only vague memories and feelings of hopelessness.
“I’m pretty tired that I bump into them everywhere, and I can’t understand… But I don’t think I will have time to learn a new language. By the way, isn’t it easier to write a letter or send a message? Why such difficulties?”
Moriarty from  becoming an interesting riddle abruptly moved into the category of “enemies” and “ to get rid of”, which Sherlock was going to do in the near future. Because of this dark mage, whose identity he had yet to find out, his John had already been kidnapped from him twice, which was absolutely unacceptable. As well as the fact that now he could not kiss him. Sherlock winced in annoyance - Mrs. Hudson, and John himself, would definitely not appreciate it if another surge of John's unstable magic would irrevocably destroy something.
“Emm ... Thank you,” John tried to push the unremarkable box as quietly as possible under the table, away from prying eyes, because the contents of which the respectable witch, who unexpectedly became their guest that evening, was better off not knowing. “Tea?”
He had to hide in the shade of the most densely planted part of the garden and wait patiently for dinner time. Or, more precisely, when the mentor finally deigned  to let the children go for a long-awaited break.
He skimmed through it several times, regular religious nonsense, designed for the desperate and disadvantaged, promising salvation and a better life. No new revelations, no new promises - just another cult, one of many that appeared overnight and then disappeared without a trace, making room for more new ideals and new followers.
Slipping his hand as lightly as possible into an inside pocket, he felt for a small round sphere and squeezed it tighter. This part of London was very different from the place where he had to live before, but he didn’t rule out that evil spirits could be found here too. It was hard to believe, but the cold tingling sensation sliding down his neck and throat and the cold sweat streaming down his back could only be explained by the presence of a couple of demons. It was strange that he hadn’t noticed their presence earlier, but with each step he took, he was more and more certain. He was definitely being pursued by evil spirits, and at this time and in this place, simply had no reason to be here.
Embarrassed, John shifted in his seat, and out of habit ran his hand over his ear with the new amulet earring. Mycroft Holmes had so courteously presented it to him, albeit under strange circumstances, and for which he had had to listen to a long and inspiring lecture from Sherlock, and it now replaced his three old wards. He was so used to wearing them, almost never taking them off, and though at his age such jewelry might seem out of place, he secretly liked the way he had looked with them. It reminded him of his tempestuous youth and desire to impress young witches. It turned out that the desire to impress was still there. He really wanted the attractive witch sitting opposite to pay attention to him. Even if nothing happened with the hiring, something positive from this interview still had a chance to stay.
“Yes,” the one-of-a-kind consulting dark mage confirmed smugly and snatched out of his hand this unexpected gift with lightning speed. “But even I can be surprised if you make an effort.”
John looked around in surprise. The world did not turn upside down; everything was still in its place: the children who looked at him with undisguised admiration, and the trees with their dense green crowns, and the grass hiding ripe apples. Neither the sky above nor the earth beneath them - nothing had changed place, and now he could use magic without reserve at the Ministry or the Agents, and he did not do anything illegal, but he still had a feeling that what was happening was wrong. Therefore, out of habit, he hid his presence, and hastily scattered the residual echoes of the runes used.
“Our mutual friend has nothing to do with this,” John pointedly raised his eyebrows, trying to defuse the seriousness of the conversation.
A cold dinner was waiting for him at Baker Street thanks to Mrs. Hudson, Holmes was also present. He was strangely quiet, not unusual in general, so John did not worry once again, but simply warmed up the plate left to him by the elderly witch and sat down tiredly at the table. He could think of Sherlock's behavior on a full stomach; he had spent so much energy helping the children, now he needed to restore it as soon as possible. Who knew how the evening with Holmes could end, and he was better off being prepared for any surprises.
2 - For Necromancers, the fifth and final stage is becoming a Leach. So a Necromancer becomes undead instead of dead. To do this, the "Ritual of eternal Night" must be carried out, during which the magician makes human sacrifices, enters his\her soul in a phylactery, which is a glass vial that contains the magical essence of a being, then dies and is then reborn as a full Leach. The transition to the third stage and above is a criminal offense.
Why it was necessary to sign each message, when John knew who it was from even without it, was still a mystery to him. Rejoicing that he at least managed to talk to Inspector Dimmock without interference, John went down to the subway and joined the motley stream of people.
“Um,” John glanced at his watch, figuring out his route in his mind and squinted at Sherlock. This time, the reason for his surprise was not admiration, but bewilderment. He had thought, and decided, to omit nothing, up until the part where Holmes had offered to pay his travel expenses. He wasn’t ready to raise this particular topic, and now wasn’t the right time. “Are you unhappy now that I am ten minutes late according to your calculations?”
“ Amazing. I immediately felt that the place is good. And the security charms are still in excellent condition.”
John left first. Before the appointment with Su Lin, he still had some time left, but he never liked to be late, so he just decided to arrive early and look around. Sherlock had to follow them at a distance, pretending to be interested in the Festival too. The plan was so-so in John's eyes, but he still did not object.
No matter how you look, in John's eyes, their dwelling being called cute was a big stretch, although, probably, from the point of view of the Artifactist, a lot of interesting things indeed were collected here.
He looked out from the kitchen into the living room, Su Lin was still communicating with the skull with the only difference that now the girl was comfortably sitting in his favorite chair and twirling a book in her hands.
John shuddered; it was obvious that he did not even know about such a prospect for himself. Sherlock watched eagerly as he flinched in disgust, as his gaze darted to Mycroft, as if worried about his reaction. Not worth it. It was easy to read from John's expressive face which thoughts and conclusions involuntarily visited him. Indeed his brother really did something similar to the ritual of "Eternal Night" and only for this reason now he did not rot from the inside and looked quite human.
Holmes’ solution to the energy replenishment problem was surprisingly beautiful in its simplicity. But that was not all. Now, along the length of the entire chain, there were several "pockets" (2), in which one could hide if desired, and not a single search spell could find what was hidden. Now he understood how the dark mage managed to hide all of his darkest experiments and artifacts, the possession of which he could no longer get off with a simple disciplinary commission. John shook his head in admiration, he was indeed close in his assumptions to the truth, though not brave or bold enough himself. He definitely shouldn’t have underestimated Sherlock’s talent, of which he was convinced of over and over again, and yet all the same, he again lost sight of it.
John greeted Lestrade warmly, but before they could even exchange a word, Holmes rushed them inside. He, of course, was impatient to get started.
“What's with the body? Shall we carry out the ceremony? Ritual?” To get the conversation back on track wasn’t something difficult, albeit not always effective, but this time luck was on John's side, though he wasn’t  honored with an answer. Instead, Holmes threw back the hem of his coat with a theatrical gesture and removed a small magnifying glass from his pocket.
Satisfied at last, with an indignant expression on one's face, and on the other, a slightly mocking one, John relaxed and settled himself more comfortably on the soft light sofa.
Quickly calculating in his head that he had some time left before the start of his first day at work, he decisively dived into a semi-dark room to get into the realm of old wood, leather, paper and dust. The sleepy salesman behind the counter at his question about the sale, waved him somewhere to the corner and immediately lost interest in him, so John had to look for the place directed in such an obscure way on his own.
There was nothing special about this conclusion, but the praise was still very pleasant to him. Today, the dark mage was unusually generous with compliments, even with the mood spoiled by Inspector Dimmock and the poorly progressing investigation.
Watson sounds honest. Holmes is pleased and slightly proud. He knows his face shows it. And he doesn’t mind this, or his rush, "Do you think so?"
At twelve-thirty, several people came out from the inner office. They talked loudly, jabbering away to each other. One of them, a middle-aged woman, glanced at John as she came out. She told the woman—Mary—behind the desk to try the juice of a lemon, also zinc, and John, Dr John Watson would recommend the same treatment first before taking medicine. Mary promised her she would and gave her several envelopes. She pocketed them, and then she and the other people went into the hall. The sound of their laughter disappeared down the stairwell.
. It felt like the flicker of flames inside him. One second, high and scorching; the next low, and simmer. One continuous wave, all hot and bright.
“Watson, this is David Jones. His father was once the private valet at your grandfather’s estate in Sherrington. He could recall you, even if you do not remember him. Until recently, Mr Jones believed you to be dead or at least severely ill. He will give us the full report about the events in a moment. Before doing so, can we offer you another brandy, Mr Jones? Or something else?”
A perfect duplicate of me took a right hook, then a left hook, and then filled him a blow to the side of the head. Organ hit the floor like a sack of cabbages.
. He is sorry for his wife's return. He believed she had committed suicide. Besides, he threatened her with the worst reprisals if she reappeared at home. He is a very violent alcoholic. Either way, he has found another unfortunate woman who he can knock on without fear.”
I hoped for a final clarification from Holmes, but it came to nothing. And to my surprise, after Inspector Stanley left, we returned to London.
Whenever my family affairs were mentioned, fear crept up my spine. Holmes remained silent for a second, and then he went to the fireplace and lit his pipe. Still, he had not turned his gaze upon me. Yet, now, I was slightly grateful. I did not trust my body at the moment.
And at that point we haven’t reached the climax which is HER letting her hair loose, wearing a short skirt, and even her first button of her very tight blouse is popping open - during the final concert.
"Yes, sir. And I have to admit that I think he's right. But the colonel does not want to accept it."
The cabbie was clean-shaven, had black, curly hairs and pale skin with high cheekbones. He wore a gorgeous Belstaff, a blue scarf and black expensive-looking sunglasses. The weather was grey, and the night was falling: John wondered if the man had a problem with his eyes. The wipers smeared the street scene into grey and smudge lights.
However, Holmes surprised us both with a rushed, "not here." He even put his hand on my shoulder for a quick second, odd but endearing. "Not now," almost a whisper.
fellow, but in most cases, he has a reason for his oddities. It just takes a while for us to understand his reasoning.”
Separating by walls, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson makes the best of the situation. #sexting #phone sex #THE FEEEEEEELS
The next morning, after a makeshift breakfast, I got down to some work and was well into the argument of the paper I was writing when I realized that the room was becoming airless and oven-like.
Laughter helps. Sherlock is amazed that they can resume watching the movie. Sometimes they giggle like schoolgirls and tease each other. Now, he has a new memory with
Outside, the normal life of London rushed by. The ordinary life compared to what happened here in 221b, together with Sherlock Holmes.
Finally, I saw Mary-Ann arrive, dishevelled, held in respect by two strong policemen. The look she gave me was nothing short of malicious. Watson would have launched into a stripped-down description of her eyes, her face, her clothes ... I only saw a criminal dragged by two policemen to her future punishment because it was the hanging that awaited her.
Sherlock Holmes was curled up in his armchair. A cup of tea balanced on his armrest, completely uncaring of the risk of burning himself. Frowning, he smoked his strongly fragrant black tobacco, his Persian slipper at the ready. He was deep in thought.
"It's always so easy to tease you, to ruffle your feathers, so that I really can't resist," Holmes turned away from the doctor to go to a large crate, next to the small potted pine tree, which seemed to contain colourful and shiny garlands.
Check out the added tags. Possible triggers ahead! We're entering ANGST, ANGST, ANGST (and hurt/comfort by Victorian hubbies).
“Well, the event happened thirty years ago. As Mr Holmes has said already, my father used to be the private valet to your grandfather at Sherrington Hall. He had been with the family since his youth. Your grandfather, maybe you can recall this, Doctor Watson, was a solitary sort, quite particular in his ways. However, as his health was in decline and he would only have a few months to live, he invited his family to stay with him on the estate for a weekend. Included in the party were John and Henry Watson, the sons of his youngest daughter Anne, who sadly been deceased by then already.”
He turned on the spot - how rattled he was, like a deer caught in the headlight, so far away from the confident man I used to know.
The food and drink had been excellent. Mrs Hudson had outdone herself. As well as Wiggins, who had a secret knack at baking cookies? Rosie had been on a sugar high; running around, jumping up and down, full of excitement when the first snowflakes had fallen. It had been cold for some days now; it had been to be expected; it was two weeks until Christmas, after all. The weather forecast had mentioned a snow warning, but John had - wrongly assumed that London would not see snow so soon. The first, "Daddy, look" from his daughter had taught him otherwise. Her singing from "Let it snow" was adorably off-key, but it had been heartwarming to see her so excited.
Before the stranger could react, Sherlock showed him a photo. Instantly, there was recognition in his eyes. Bingo!
Only recently, in an official statement, you distanced yourself from the allegiance you made against him, most prominently, him being a fraud.
"I think he took reckless risks by not killing the little one immediately," I whispered. “What an inconsistency!”
"Yes, the one. Mr Marley, London‘s most notorious money lender. His business is the new slavery, as his payment rates are that high that people will never be freed again. It
“To me, Mr Holmes?” Our client seemed surprised. Mockingly, he said, “If you like, but if a comment of mine has given you a lead, detective, I want my share of your salary!”
Mycroft Holmes and John Watson were working on their relationship, rocky but not completely shipwrecked. When more sweets magically appeared in Rosie's stomach after a surprise visit of Mycroft and Greg
who will find the notes and the letter. Maybe it will be the same. Maybe there are two people and who knows, perhaps our legacy will bring them together, keep them together, or even help them grow as lovers and a family? As a storyteller, I
John leant forward and stood up. He raised Sherlock’s head. The eyes met; the fire burned in both of them.
The merchants of Doyle are wealthy, haughty, and far too interested in the few female traders in town.
Another telegram summoned Lestrade: he and his men should be ready by 11 p.m. The officers and their families wouldn't be joyous: today was December 23rd. Alas, crime didn't care for Christmas.
We carried on and soon we reached a plateau, from which we had a breathtaking view over the dunes to the sea.
"My dear Watson!" The jovial detective exclaimed, turning to him calmly. He realized that the blond had arrived even before he opened the door, having recognized the steps on the stairs "I thought you would like this place decorated for the holidays"
They would smile at each other like they used to do when they were young girls, believing in love and that it could conquer it all. There are wrinkles on their faces when their eyes meet these days. Their hairs are grey, their small frame tiny now. Yet, when they share their private smile it’s brighter than the sun.
It is something I learned during my years as a beekeeper: to focus inwardly and to use my talents at self-observation. Earlier, I had deduced passersby in the streets and England's finest criminals, and sometimes I had played a trick on my companion or had tried to teach him my methods.
The ex-doctor looked worse than the night before. In the harsh electric light, one could estimate his age better: if he was guilty, he wouldn’t see a day in prison because of his medical condition. The long substance abuse has worn him down. Once again, Sherlock Holmes was grateful for having met John Watson.
"I'm not very familiar with all these kinds of things, but why not?" My partner knew little about children except for his Baker Street Irregulars. Family matters and the fairer sex were his blind spot. "Let’s assume, Watson, that this is indeed a diary. The fire, unfortunately, did its job too well, as there was only a nice heap of ash left, fragments of the thick blanket, but nothing usable. Now the question that arises is: who burned the diary on the evening of Adèle’s kidnapping?"
He got up when I approached and introduced himself: “Master Cavendish. You must be Mr Sherlock Holmes?
. Sherlock is confident that Mrs Hudson - Nanny - is going to read a bedtime story until Nanny is asleep. Rosie had certainly too much sugar tonight to rest easily.
. I will brief him and we will prepare your defence together. There are courts in England where the word of Mr Sherlock Holmes is still valuable. You cannot lose.
The soldiers in the station are battered and bruised, too young to die but too old for the world already; in them, I see Watson in younger days. I refuse to think of my honey because to give them the secret won’t save them, it would only prolong the pain. There is no meaning in war, not one set in Afghanistan nor here, war is war, and that’s everything. What I hope to bring my Watson is peace.
Blast this twilight! I wished I could see my lover now. I was convinced that there had to be a lovely blush on his cheek. He was a magnificent specimen of a man, all mine. And I intend to remind him of this soon when the case was finally closed. He could read my mind in my eyes, or maybe he had plans of his own he would share with me in private, as he cleared his throat loudly before he continued.
“I already know that I am not infallible because I was indeed wrong about you, Mr Holmes. You are a good guy and a great detective.
was important to him. Potentially dangerous, and apparently, my case had now fallen into that category. He came to me, with an unrevealing mask, and dropped some papers in front of me.
Holmes' eyebrows rose, and I was sure that one didn't need to be the world's only consulting detective to read my thoughts on the matter in my facial expression. My verdict of Mr Marley was made by now, and I was convinced that no one would challenge it.
Mrs Hudson’s exclamation will put a smile on someone’s face, however, so as if she knew she will be overheard.
Suddenly, I recalled Colonel Landsbury’s agitation yesterday. He had acted as if he was out of his mind, but… “Is he was disappearing, Mary-Ann?”
John feared he might be burned, and that was why the flames could not touch him. All they did was heat the insides of John’s body—making him sweat, making him pant, making him harder than ever before.
, every time? Because of this. And I was right—even, for once, I was not so sure but I hoped—it took time but we are here. And that is all that matters, John."
That he was a man not only with many talents but also able to multitask, Sherlock proved by still being nose-deep in his phone when he asked the first question:
The abbess prides herself on her proper manners and etiquette. For example, she always serves herself small portions. She takes small bites of food so that none might fall out of her mouth or get her fingers too messy. Before taking a drink, she would dab her lip with a napkin so that food doesn't get all over her cup. She goes to great lengths to appear well-mannered and worthy of being an abbess.
The author, LadySybille, gave me full reign over the story. We both want to bring it to a new generation, and we need some ghosts to rest. Endless gratitude to her because that's not an easy thing to do. Merci beaucoup <3
Because sometimes he wanted to throttle Sherlock. Or scream back when Rosie had a tantrum. He definitely yelled at his sister from time to time because it would be odd otherwise. Like if Mycroft wore something other than suits. Which was the primary reason Mycroft only once went to the beach with them, which suited John just fine?
and almost instantaneously Holmes made his way to the bar. There, he lay his arm around my shoulder. I tried my utmost to not react. Looking at the barman, I suspected that even a more public display would not shock him.
In our line of work, we have encountered many secrets, and some of them I revealed to the public. Depending on the client or the culprit, we have shared our knowledge with the police. We
“Sherlock, I know you: the chances are 99 to 100 that you’re recreating the experiment in the next two hours.”
When I returned home, shortly after my morning surgery, I found Sherlock Holmes standing by the window, looking out at the snow descending on Baker Street and its population of Christmas shoppers. His mood was hard to read. His long fingers, pressed together as though in prayer, tapped at his lips. He was sombre but alert, as though expecting some event with keen interest.
At the front door, he patted me on the shoulder. I did my utmost to not react and to give away anything.
It wasn’t until the evening when finally Holmes returned. He was accompanied by an elderly man. I immediately recognized Mr Cavendish, whom I had met under turbulent circumstances at the Norwich Police Station.
I dragged myself out of bed, made my morning toilet, and was ready to face the day when Mrs Partridge knocked at the door. She brought with her a nondescript envelope. I thanked her, probably too rushed as I hoped it was another note from Holmes. I missed him terribly. I promised myself to divert the good woman later, however, first things first: the letter. It read:
Welcome to chapter 2 of "London Gods". Thanks to all my readers who left kudos and/or comments. I hope you & the rest enjoy the ride! My gratitude to my two betas, elwinglre & irisbleufic, who are magic.
And therefore the medallion never found its way into the depths of the ocean because this is a love story. Daniel Jones' grandfather and my grandfather survived, as well as Holmes and me. They are dead by now and we will soon follow, but just as water flows in a circle, so
“Jessie will come over tonight, alright?” Bea is munching a roll at lightning speed. There is jam spread all over her plate.
“I didn’t have any activities for fifteen years, unlike someone else. No worries, however, I have a private physician. He is quite competent.”
Rarely have I witnessed Sherlock being stunned. Then his eyes lit up. The latter should frighten me, but I have known this madman for far too long. And myself, too.
Together, we made our way upstairs. I feared that every person in the inn was staring at us, seeing through our facade of gentlemen and knew that I was excited to share a bed with my companion, and as far as I interpreted it, for more than sleep for the first time? That is a few minutes
So, yes, I wasn’t actually shocked but surprised. And maybe I was even pissed in the beginning, but hey, it’s Sherlock we’re talking about.
Where are the days in which he could wake up without pain? His right knee, for instance, bothered him last weekend. He had taken a nap on the sofa, and that was how his body showed his gratitude! Sherlock would have scoffed far more if he hadn’t been so occupied searching for pain meds.
I was sure he was not accustomed to handling anything, and as a doctor, I should have been more concerned about his frankly alarming pulse. Alas, I was hungry, which made me grumpy.
Holmes did not emerge from his infernal basement, and Mrs Hudson did not appear with an evening meal. I cannot recall how the rest of the evening passed.
“He knew about the treasure because he was the one who returned it to the church. Anonymously, of course, during the night, but it was he, I am sure of it. Why? Because he knew who stole it in the first place, and how it weighed on his relative’s consciousness.”
I tried to pacify him. "But Mr Marley, just because he's a seafarer, doesn't mean that he's a bad person."
Hopelessly intrigued, I gave no thought to the discomfort to be shut indoors in this heat, to the boredom, or to the fact that I had appointments on my own.
This time, we were Basil and John. Sherlock had to leave his Belstaff and scarf behind. Instead, he had dressed down considerably. Regardless, he cut a dashing figure! How Basil as a first name was less peculiar than Sherlock - I still didn’t know, but I’ve stopped questioning my partner’s elaborate personas long ago. Soon two seafarers (one more the pirate with eyeliner-variety) headed out for the Bar of Gold.
However, it was December, and it was House, so I only smiled - a bit more fondly than he deserved - and sat next to him on the sofa.
Holmes didn’t answer me. He was holding his head. He must have banged his head hard against something. Finally, he was up. It was then that I noticed a sort of indistinct whisper, like a human rattle, floating in the surrounding air.
Moans draw me to the darkest corner, behind a set of bottles. Adèle Landsbury was, therefore, still alive.
All Sherlock has left are memories of better days, and the ever-growing fear that a new dawn will never begin; that with every day passing by, the twilight will be his forever after, and one day soon not even the stars—his North Star, his John—will guide him home.
"Landsbury conducted brilliant studies in the colony of India. He entered the Indian Army at 20. Promoted to colonel for his feats of arms during the war in Afghanistan. In 1891, Charles Landsbury retired to settle down in Norwich."
The old cook smiled, tenderly. "She sneaked up on me to get some. She wasn't allowed to eat sweets between meals. The colonel was quite strict."
“No, I am sorry, Holmes. But I cannot consent to this.” When our eyes meet and he observes my innermost wishes, his lips curve into a small, melancholic smile. “Please, Sherlock, whatever you have planned, let it go.”
Holding back a laugh, Watson bent over Holmes and kissed him for a long time, passionately twisting his tongue to his, squeezing him closer to himself. He could feel that body, warm and tonic, against his own and a shiver ran through him from head to foot, making him shudder with desire, as he did whenever he had him next to him.
. God knows I’ve tried. If there’s a way, I haven’t found it. And, before you ask, John, no—you cannot free me.”
Sure there was nothing left, I expected it. I was surprised to see Mary-Ann appear. She also seemed surprised to see me there but approached, anyway.
He was silent for a moment, as the strains of "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen" wafted up from a platoon of listless carol singers on the street corner.
): Your faculty — of observation is — is somewhat remarkable, John — and your deduction is quite correct! I suppose — indeed, I know — that I love you. I love you. But I know as well what I am — and what you are —
Inspector Stanley sent for me around ten o'clock. Mrs Nordon wanted to speak to Sherlock Holmes and to placate her. The inspector finally agreed. But Holmes, not being there, I went to Norwich Police Station alone. I picked up my doctor's kit on the off-chance, fearing that the unfortunate young woman must be in a state, critical in her condition. The inspector's first words only heightened my concerns.
"Tomorrow it will be but a dreadful memory. With my hair cut and a few other superficial changes, I shall no doubt reappear at Coleridge’s tomorrow as I was before this American stunt—I beg your pardon, Watson, my well of English seems to be permanently defiled—before this American job came my way."
That night I slept poorly, yet unaware of the terrible things that occurred on the grounds of the estate.
Lastly, chapeau to everyone who writes pastiches professionally. As someone who's a fan of Sherlock Holmes for a quarter of a century, I assumed it to be easy to write a mystery, alas, I was mistaken. Yet thanks to all the wonderful comments I fell in love with it once more.
“Hush, yes, Doctor. Was not expecting you here. Or, rather, I was. It isn't you to come to the back entrance as well.”
When we have seated ourselves on the sofa in front of the fireplace, tumblers filled with good whiskey at the ready, Watson turns to me.
HOLMES: Quick, Billy, run down and looks after the doctor. If the boy is gone and there is a man with him, it means mischief. Let me know, quickly. Do not stop coming up, ring the doorbell. I will hear it. Ring it loud. Quick now.
It’s not her real title but it might have been, as she rules this town as if it’s hers. It was her late husband who was more the ruler: He treated her so horribly that she can still feel the bruises he gave her all up and down her ribs and always will until the day she dies. He was an animal in bed, though, and knew how to turn her on so much when he wanted her cunny that even if he beat every bone in her body, he could win her love again in no time at all.
"Does the colonel still have family from his brother’s side?" I asked, thinking of what the colonel had to say during the walk in the park.
Was he an arsehole that allowed two orphans to be sent to the workhouse and later to live on the streets? Of course.
"The Daily Telegraph has received a new letter from our raven. Of course, I am not the author. If I summarize my actions over the past few hours, I have gone from failure to disappointment. At
“I was not sure, if you simply pretended to have not remembered or if you had truly suppressed what had happened. However, when being alone with David Jones you still had the episodes, hence, the second hypothesis proved correct. You did not need to play act around him, after all. He only knew that you had been ill, but we had never informed him about your revelation during the fever. “
He has drained afterwards, almost weeping with relief, because he’s a middle-aged man, and he’s shown a part of himself for the very first time. He was grateful that it was here.
The conversation turned to little Adèle. To my great relief, Landsbury’s anger subsided. Perhaps, I mused to myself, was the mysterious fire lit in Adèle’s fireplace during the night of her disappearance an important lead...
"No, Sherlock." Two faces, different stages of confusion shows, turn to John. A raised eyebrow, expressing "Go on," in his silent
Sherlock Holmes and I, Dr John H. Watson, are no heroes. We are terribly human. Just like everyone else, we made mistakes, had fears and wishes during our partnership. I can share it all with the world when the time comes, but not our love. That is ours alone.
Probably sensing my nodding or spotting it in the reflection, Sherlock replied: “There’s no chance to do it. We’ll wake up to a third body tomorrow. And no, I’m not heartless or careless, I’m just stating the facts." Hearing my huffing, he added, "Observe and deduce, John. You came with me to the bar. Dr Neil spent quite a lot on drinks tonight, and not the cheapest brand. How can a struck-off former doctor afford it? And he’s indulged in opium. I’ve been a junkie myself; I can spot the signs. What does this tell us? He’s been paid upfront: he’s delivered all the poisons already. As we are dealing with a smart killer, staging all this isn’t the work of an average man, he won’t let Dr Neil even see his face. I suspect a secret meeting point where the good doctor dropped the poison. His sudden disappearance or even arrest would alarm the killer more, so an observation starting with the 1st of June is more advisable. As a payment afterwards or when he intends to continue as an upfront.”
"I suffered the same fate, Dr Watson. This war was absurd." I bristled, but I did my utmost to keep my emotion under control. Our client was going through hard times. Surely, they caused his bitterness. “It was a useless war, costing us far too many men, good and brave ones.”
" is about a journey that starts and ends in Doyle. To follow them, I introduce you to the thirteen in this group—who they are, what they do for a living, and what they are all wearing.
“I know you do, but I am drunk and it’s late, and you just came back from God-knows-where, and it wouldn’t be right.”
“Yes, the charm is the downfall of many. What is the outcome of this? Three widows and two dead fiancées.”
“On his way back home, I assume. Mr Jones has told us everything of importance. He is hardly relevant now. Enough of him, Watson. Rest, dear man.” Before falling asleep, exhausted, I
When I just admired Holmes' dedication to putting on some ornaments and bells on the door to our living room, I had to disturb our bubble of happiness by handing him a telegram that simply read: ‘soon’. Immediately, we knew it could only refer to Norton.
“Tell me what you want. Short and quick, and don’t bore me. I assume that my brother Mycroft Holmes has sent you to me. So I must listen, but let me make one thing abundantly clear: if you haven’t finished by the time the lasagna is completely cooled then I will kick you out, treat my partner and myself to the most expensive Italian in town, and send you the bill.”
I didn’t like it, but I followed my partner and sat down opposite him. It was childish that I ordered two pints and a hearty meal for us unprompted. However, two could play this game, and if Holmes would not let me into everything, at least I could keep him nutritious.
Or apologise for getting on speed, his hips acting on their own, thinking only with his cock. John’s balls were ready to burst, swollen, full, and fingers were kneading them.
Oh, it was rebuilt. We could recreate it to our heart's content with Mrs Hudson's blessing thanks to her will and with Mycroft Holmes’s considerable financial help, but we were too old and far too broken. We spent all our energy in keeping each other alive, to mend what could be fixed and to accept what was irrevocably gone, and those tasks were enough for us.
It must be close to midnight when Holmes broke the silence. Since saving Anna and her unborn child, and convincing Lestrade that Hans would make a perfect witness to Marley's wrongdoing and in return the soon-little family should be offered protection, he had been unusually quiet.
John hears the screams first. It’s so unusual that he cannot identify the voice immediately, or his subconscious can, but refuses to believe it: it’s him. Instantly his mind pictures him: Sherlock Holmes thrashing in his sleep, nightmares haunting him, and looking even worse than Jessie when she had been trapped by the linen man.
Holmes pulls his finger out, watching as Watson twitches at the loss of sensation. He strokes his ass, gives them a hard slap. Watson groans, rocking his hips. Shamelessly, he spreads his legs a little more. It’s a blatant invitation.
A voice interrupted his reverie, and the tone showed his partner’s uneasiness. There was something in his eyes… the game was on.
John Watson is drenched in sweat, his back slick with it, his hair is a mess. He is trembling all over. “You do not know how handsome you are, John. All desperate. All mine. Do you want to be buggered, John Watson?”
The argument between Mary-Ann and Micheal had calmed down in the meantime. Silence echoed around the house, forcing me to be even quieter. But I was so weak by now that to my shame I cracked down the stairs to the cellar. I got the little one to the front door, where I would drop her off when the light in the hall suddenly dazzled me.
WATSON): Watson — you trusted me! You— clung to me! There were four to one against me! They said, “Come here,” I said, “Stay close to me,” and you did! You clung to me — I could feel your heart beating against mine — and I was playing a game! — (
His hair, which had been turning silver already when I had left London and him, shimmers in the fading light.
It’s almost like a blessing, and John Watson feels touched. Before he can stop himself, he rushes to her, pats her swiftly, awkwardly, on the shoulder. Then he dashes through the door.
When I returned to the living room, freshly shaven and in my best suit, all were decorated with wonderful Christmas ornaments. I learned it had been Holmes’ idea, and even more curious still, he had set them up himself. God knows where he
Maybe the two servants were babbling something while they followed us outside, but I could recall nothing. Michael Landsbury’s gleaming cab was gone. Mary-Ann and the cook set off for Crevecoeur Hall, climbing into a burrowed cart.
I was appalled. “Can you not speak of it in that manner, please?” I took his silence as an apology. In the distant harbour, a handful of fishing boats headed out.
With patience and painful strength, I tied it to a tree. Then I grabbed Mrs Nordon's lifeless body and carried her on the horse, which neighed in surprise and fear. I was exhausted and could not get into the saddle until the third or fourth attempt. Without elegance I lay down on the horse's neck, feeling the pain radiate through my leg.
I am not a sensitive person, but Dr Watson's unconditional loyalty has always been precious to me. Brave old John Watson!
The dizziness was getting stronger and stronger, so I had to do my best to continue walking. I would not give up when the end was so near! It would have been unworthy of Holmes! I turned the doorknob but, of course, it was locked. It took me a few seconds to force it again and found myself in the darkness and dampness of the cellar.
A hundred yards southwards along Baker Street, three men were struggling. Two of them were bundling the third man into a cab against his will.
He is a famous breeder for greyhounds. In his sparse free time, he loves hunting. His favourite catch is a fine, fat swan. He spares no cost pursuing this hobby. It is therefore no surprise to see that the finest fur lined the cuffs of his sleeves.
He’s the man now, staring at him with pleading gestures, instead of the myth Watson has helped to create. It’s his duty, not only to manage his flaws and foibles anymore but to soothe Sherlock as well.
Mr Landsbury was casting an angry glance at Sherlock Holmes, who had just lectured him like a boisterous child. The detective did not raise, disdaining the anger of the young man.
The inspector disappeared, wanting to watch his men for fear that they would again forget places to examine. So I remained alone near the tomb.
the worst things about each other. Mrs Hudson is a great landlady, as well as a housekeeper... even if she will deny the latter. Do not interfere; just accept the food she brings. All the better for us, as I abhor shopping. Otherwise, you’ll have to do it.
My companion, unaware of it all, of course, had closed his eyes. Every so often he breathed in the air. Suddenly, the smell of the ocean was eminent.
Yet John remained stubborn. Sarah as well as Harry once called it one of his best qualities. He wasn’t a quitter, stubborn to a fault. As a doctor, he had fought for his patients until their last breath, and the same could have been saying for his brothers in arms in the army. He would have faced Moriarty with Sherlock together, but this bastard hadn’t given him a choice.
"I understand, Mr Holmes, your anger towards me, but you shouldn't have given the interview with the Daily Telegraph. I have nothing to do with Adèle’s abduction.
There he was. Lying on the bed and not moving. The only thing ensuring that Sherlock was alive was the rhythmic beeping of the heart monitor.
Now he is shaking, he is in shock, had a breakdown, possibly a panic attack, cried, his mind is racing just like his heart. Everything opposite calm. But John needs to stay calm. This looked impossible right now.
The song was flowing in slow pace, it was just slowly building up. Sherlock’s hand was slowly moving up and down as the bow moved across the string. The notes were all long and emotional. Sadness was the word that could describe it. Loss. Dread.
He didn’t know that these will be the last words he would ever say to John. And the fact burned like fire inside him. He couldn’t know. But he could feel it. After some time, Mycroft stopped updating him on John. Whenever Sherlock asked about him, Mycroft would say nothing, just continue with whatever he had to say. Then they lost contact and Sherlock didn’t hear from Mycroft for a long time.
John walked back into the hospital, the view he already got used to. He slowly made his way to the right room where Sherlock was. Quietly opening the door, John found Mycroft sitting next to his brother, holding his hand. It was as if Mycroft was talking to his baby brother. And he was. John slowly closed the door and walked back to sit next to the door, giving Mycroft some personal space.
John heard a change. Something changed. He slowly raised his head to look at the heart monitor and then noticed Sherlock looking at him. The doctor was met with beautiful eyes. Colours were mixing together and you couldn't make out what true colour it was. Sherlock slowly looked down to see his hand intertwined with John's. It was comforting for Sherlock, but he slowly let go if John's hand. Their hands suddenly went cold after the loss of contact. John was taken back after this movement. The colours around him slowly faded and John was left with black and white again. He then looked curiously at Sherlock, but saw a confused look on his face.
"I know you are awake." Sherlock slowly opened his eyes to look at Moriarty. His eyes were cloudy and Sherlock could barely see, his vision blurring at times. It was hard to do anything for the detective. Every breath, every move caused pain. Moriarty had a little smirk on his lips. He just stood up and started slowly walking around Sherlock. "I can't wait for your little friend to finally come and play." Moriarty added.
"I'm sorry, Mycroft." Sherlock said, his voice breaking. Mycroft's chest clenched when he heard the words. "I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered again and continued to say it over and over again.
“Eat.” said John, this time his voice sounding stronger. It was more demanding and Sherlock obeyed without giving a second thought.
When he sat down into his chair, he looked up at the clock, which showed way past ten. His eyes slowly and carefully made its way down the wall to look at the calendar. Mycroft took a shaky breath, then turned away.
"I will let you deduce, doctor." Moriarty responded mockingly. John made a quick look around and he swore he saw something in the dark corner on his left of this room. His eyes went back to Moriarty.
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, more like trying not to move too much. Even if it's been a bit more than a month since he was finally let out of the hospital, completely healed. Some people were just too worried. But he didn't really mind. At least he was finally happy and back in his flat, the place he called home, back where John was. Sometimes Sherlock remember how it felt before all of this and he could still feel the pain in his heart, but it wasn't as bad as before. Now he could always calm down, because he knew the truth. And he was holding John in his hands. Thinking better about it, the pain, everything they went through - it was all worth it. In the end, John was finally his. Just how he had always imagined.
"Yes. Sherlock did survive the surgery. But I'm not sure about his further conditions." John took a sharp breath. He could feel himself shaking.
“I’m sorry, that I’m like this every time.” He was carefully playing with the instrument in his hands. He was looking at the violin, seeing every small detail, every little story the violin held. “It just... happens.” Sherlock continued, his voice was quiet. “Emotions.” He whispered. Then Sherlock took a sharp breath in and looked up. The name on gravestone made him feel weak. But he didn’t show his weakness while he put the violin on his shoulder. “This song… It’s for you.” Sherlock said. He stood silent for a few seconds, then added: “For us.”
"Please." The thing was that Sherlock loved the way John made tea. He loved John's tea. It was the tastiest and nobody could make it better, not even Mrs. Hudson. It just happens that the little things our most loved ones make or do are always a masterpiece and always beautiful.
And there it is. A black marble gravestone. With a name engraved on it. No date, no quote, nothing, only a name. Sherlock’s heart started to beat faster. His breath hitched, pain spreading through his whole chest. Sherlock never believed he loved someone so much, not until he heard about what happened. He never thought he could love him so much, no matter how much he denied it. But he did. Sherlock loved him even if he denied it, even if he tried to hide it from everybody. What he never thought about was that there will be a day when he will see this name on a gravestone. He didn’t even think about it. Not until it happened. And Sherlock wasn’t even there for the funeral. He hated himself for that. He hated himself in general. He will hate himself until his last day. He will never forgive himself. Because he was the one whose fault it was. This gravestone appeared because of him.
Here, you can read some British report about Chopin being gay/homosexual/queer, and how his interest in men was hidden (intentionally!) by academics & Co:
And the inspector shows off a shiny little bottle. The young woman shook her head, not knowing what to say. I immediately recognized a vial resembling the others present in his room.
“You’re improving, dad.” It sounds almost like a compliment to Jessie. Before Sherlock can react, she asks Watson nonchalantly: “Has he got any talent? Like, could he play in the past or was that another tale for the admiring public?”
Overall, I was looking forward to the holidays. It was a time for the quiet things, a moment of the sanctuary, of calmness, and as a doctor, I approved.
I am torn: should I add, “To give us a second chance”? But before I can utter the ultimate truth, my Watson beats me.
Sherlock had not only tolerated him but treated him as a partner. He was the one Sherlock had brought to crime scenes, and even when he was always vocal about John’s romanticism of their cases, he had read and commented on his blog posts religiously.
"Count Winsterney told me he served as a witness for the making of the will. As the little heiress, Adèle Landsbury is a minor, Winsterney has been chosen as guardian in case her father, Colonel Landsbury, dies too soon. Count Winsterney is Adèle’s godfather."
"A competitor of yours, I imagine. He was quicker than you at sniffing out the woman’s true motives."
However, in modern times, it was more as if the Jinn were the ones burning alive. That with each new person who demanded them to grant their wishes, another segment of the Jinn’s heart was lost. Once, the Jinn had been Great Gods.
the deduction. The first was the one who drove away from the cab while we were entering the flat. However, he is not our problem now. John: What else do you wish to know?”
light somehow. This all reminds him of old times: a reckless idea by a carefree Sherlock Holmes; running around, spinning ideas, being alive.
Later, when I went to bed, I was rather looking forward to some days of fruitful incarceration because maybe there might be some more stolen moments when we were both locked away in 221B.
Kicking the door shut, John frowned. He remembered Sherlock’s talk about experiments. However, when he discovered a human eye in a mug in the cupboard, that was the last straw.
Laughter bursts out at this impertinent question. A tall, red-haired fellow cried out, bulging his chest.
I would see this story through to its conclusion, come what may. It was this bloody story. It had changed me on a deeper level than I realised.
found himself at a dead end. He despised Mr Marley. Countless times he caught himself contemplating either taking his own life or that of his demons.
HOLMES.) I have no suggestion to make. I have a fact to state. If you do not drop it, at once your life is not worth that. (
It isn’t until Sherlock nibbles on a scone for an improv breakfast until he realises his ears aren’t bleeding. His hearing is just fine while playing sodding
"That's enough, doctor. Go see her and give her laudanum or something else to soothe her mind. If you encourage her to confess, that would be even more helpful to us all, her included. Her lawyer is trying to reason with her as we speak, but she has remained stubborn so far.
“A regular 7-year-old? No, not. A boy who would grow up to shoot at the walls when he's bored? Definitely.”
Mrs Hudson, worried about our condition, made it her mission to feed us up. Holmes even gained a few pounds. A feat! It is common knowledge that Mrs Hudson's uplifting cooking never improved my waistline, as my partner so often tactfully pointed out.
It might be the novelist talking, but I admit I was wary of him at first sight. It wasn't helping that Holmes had almost ordered me to offer the man a brandy and that I should take Mr Marley's hat and coat. I hoped Holmes had a plan and played along reluctantly.
Giving her a grateful look, I observed her pale face. Only when the governess stood up, claiming a headache. The colonel shook out of his stupor.
Without even looking into a mirror, he knows that his greying hair is sleep-tossed. It is getting too long for his taste, but the sound of a machine or sharp scissors so close to his body makes him anxious. Mary said that she preferred her doctor clean-shaven, an argument that John uses as an alibi on a bad day. He often lets his beard grow like a hermit. After all, there’s no partner to kiss anymore. Back then his hair had been blond.
Maybe it was this knowledge that spurred Holmes into action when the young woman wanted to take revenge: a bottle of vitriol had been in her hand in a flash. Quick and persuasive, Holmes convinced her to abandon it, to let go of the past and focus on a brighter future.
The next morning, it was even more difficult to get out of bed. The pain in my head had doubled, as though I had left part of my skull behind on the pillow. I stumbled a little and clutched at my bedside table. How could this be my life? We need to finish this case. Sherlock had to solve it, and soon.
Aware that in this haste of my pursuit I had left the front of the house open, new anxiety overcame me. Clearly, this work of kidnapping was one of Organ’s ruffians and who has to say that they would not take advantage of an open door.
I narrated while Holmes listened intently. Holmes had closed his eyes, his hands in his thinking pose, only breaking his silence it few times to ask short, precise questions I could answer quickly. It was an easy flow as if we had never been parted. We only stopped when Mrs Partridge came to our table to ask for our order—Holmes surprised us both by ordering something to eat as well—and soon brought two dishes of meat pie and two pints of ale, then left us to ourselves.
I did not know what else to say to her, so I remained quiet. At one point, the mysterious woman got up and disappeared. Her last words hound me back to the inn. “I read your stories, Dr Watson. You are a moral compass; you will find a way home.” I spent some time questioning if my compass was not, in actuality, broken beyond repair.
There followed a pompous and uninteresting speech on the technical details of making the will, mortgages and guarantees...
“Watson, rise, dear fellow. Do you feel up to a short trip?” He had already put on his outerwear, and I saw he had his iconic hat in hand as well. He was ready to go; the game was afoot.
My love looks fondly at me; even he could not hide his slight scolding out of his voice. It got deeper as the years passed, the smoking and London air and God-knows-what paying tribute. I mourned for the velvet voice as much as Holmes abhors arthritis in his fingers that makes playing the violin a challenge. Alas, yet, we are alive and Holmes has even abandoned his seven-per cent-solution for some years now, so I am content. We both are.
I followed my companion into the depths of the forest, to the far edge of Crevecoeur Hall. He was walking slowly, limping only slightly, so he must have sprained his ankle. I made a mental note to look at it in the privacy of our room. Content with strolling around the countryside with my companion by my side, the surrounding white suddenly seemed more magical. I didn't want to break the silence and waited for his words.
"Only a few minutes to midnight" Holmes whispered, after a few moments, with a hoarse and caressing voice, while he touched the companion at the base of the neck with a seductive touch, without taking his eyes off his face "And I, my dear Watson, I want to state the obvious: that you have so far not expressed any wishes for Christmas..."
And Mrs Hudson overhearing everything in 221a and being emotional because life has returned to Baker Street. Maybe saying to herself, “Don't you see, Martha? All will be well. Just you wait, be patient, don’t spook my boys and then, the wall will be down at last… “
Rosie Watson loved the flashy lights. She giggled whenever a poor soul crashed in the bumpy car. When they spotted her delight, they joined in.
"No, hush now. I know what kind of man you are; I always knew who you really are and what we might become if time would be kind to us. The reason I came back?
Here, no one knew him. Some knew John, apparently. He could deduce it, but John hated it and also, where would be the fun in it? Sherlock would not admit it at gun-point (but John knew it somehow) but he enjoys his partner's tales. His writing has improved since his early blogging days. Sherlock could almost admit that he liked the first published cases of their career. It was John's retirement project, and Sherlock showed his interest and gratitude by providing him with the newest technical equipment (truthfully via Mycroft but the thought certainly counted) and defending his partner's honour online by deducing anonymous internet trolls in customer reviews.
“John...” Sherlock’s pronunciation of his name was more of a moan than anything; it called to John’s heart. “I need...”
The sleeping position ought to be a point of discussion, but there’s none. It’s not because it’s well past midnight. They crawl under the covers, and John Watson is the human barrier between him and the door. When someone dares to enter, they need to come past him. Instead of a rifle, he has Sherlock Holmes in his arms. Not, of course, at least, not now, when they’re still shuffling about, getting accustomed to the shared body heat and cushion. It’s easier than they feared. A gun is in his drawer, regardless.
when he looked at me, it was with annoyance, as though I had broken a sacred spell. Holmes had been in his mind palace, apparently, I concluded.
In my youth, I would never admit such things. Neither how much it pleased me to be of service, nor to comment on his attire. Or, I should clarify: not without altering it for the public.
"John, my dear friend, someone like you is singular. It‘s good to know that you are at my side, always.
He had always wondered from whom he had learned to be so damn erotic; maybe from Irene in one of their meetings? Not that it was so important at the time. His mind was already disconnecting, freeing his most hidden desires, which, he decided, would do nothing to stop; not that night.
When I came downstairs from our room, I could not hide there forever, even I wished childishly for a second that I could wait there until he returned and the tide was turning in our favour once more. David Jones was waiting for me. Had Holmes arranged this? I played along; after all, I could eat something as it was early evening and good ale was never a bad idea.
The "magical trick", aka Sherlock might be not a genius who could do all those clever deductions, but only playing-pretend is from "The Reichenbach Fall". Yep, the rooftop scene. Yes, I'm a tiny bit proud of the twist I spun here.
I turned to Lestrade again, but he just put his finger to his lips, showing that I should continue to listen.
“You know you said that aloud, John? I probably should call myself lucky that your previous sexual encounters lack...”
“No, Watson. This was not your trauma you tried to forget. You are an honest man, Watson. However, another Watson, not so much. It was your brother, Henry, who tried to frame you as a potential suspect. A strategy that drove him to the bottle in the end. I assume your grandfather deduced it, or his grandson confided in him in his despair, and then he tried to save him. Two criminals trying to do some good.”
“Are you going to kill me?” asked John. He watched the driver’s face in the rear-view mirror. The flames were lurking; rising and falling;
“That all sounds so plausible, Mr Holmes.” And his intonation stressed that Mr X believed my partner to be a loony. “But I don’t know a thing about poison.”
The little servant led me into the living room, where Landsbury was impatiently waiting. His face had turned pale and worried.
“My turn.” He has transformed into a babbling someone, and all because Jessica Holmes can speak at lightning speed. It has to be inherited from her mother. Sherlock had only fired out deductions in a similar pattern. Alice had been the one to ruffle and soothe the feathers. He, John, was all about well-balanced conversations, polite to a degree, sophisticated by necessity.
Sitting in front of the fireplace, each in their respective chairs, Sherlock had even pitched the silliest titles. He had insisted that John had used too many adjectives and also had missed a few commas. John’s prompt reply: that he was his biographer and if Sherlock wanted to bitch about it, he should pen down the next adventure himself.
What else should I do but follow him? If a man has not even so much as his own memories, how could he have his own agenda? Yes, I was in a rather dark place during those days in Sherrington. I could put it down to a lingering effect of the severe illness that I had battled, but I was a medical man enough to know that it ran far deeper. Yet, I was too close to see it rationally.
“Simple words then, John. You are an adult who has never had a sleepover. Our daughters have had more of the kind than us. Recent events have shown that life can be cut short. Therefore, it would be sad to leave London without such basic human experience. Because we are grown-up men, sharing a bed would be highly improper. So you are going to take your bed while I am going to sleep on the sofa. It’s going to be like the old days: Remember, John? When we were just at the beginning of our career and had no money for two rooms, we shared a bed in country inns. So: Are you going to help me?”
“And you are counting on that...” I was still not one hundred per cent convinced, but I wanted to help, therefore I promised to investigate.
“Watson!” I jumped up. My eyes needed a second to get used to the darkness. Apparently, he had discovered a stone that looked promising to him. “Help me. There is a good fellow. We need to get this out of the way,” he instructed me.
and also the overall fic is massively improved by @wildishmazz who took it up to read, edit, fix, explain, comment, encourage, etc. this +35k beast of a fic that I said/believed to be shy of 10k. I owe her.
In the end, Watson stops at the chippy corner. He buys fish and chips to feed an army. Neither is he thinking about the last time when they shared a meal nor what they talked about.
"But he did, Mr Landsbury," Holmes uttered calmly. “I have a piece of paper here from the colonel to prove it.
Again, he expected us to react, which didn’t happen. Instead, I went over to the table to put the lasagna in the oven.
This time when Holmes slips a finger inside him, he does not stop with just his fingertip. Watson clenches down hard around the intrusion, uttering a low cry. Equal parts surprise and pleasure.
We still own the notes. From time to time, I take the box out from its compartment. It is still the same box, a similar one I got in my youth from my grandfather, the one I kept all the treasures from my boyhood. I never knew it existed until I came back to Sherrington almost half a century later and rediscovered it. It was quite a time capsule, and the complete trip was a walk down memory lane.
Captain John Watson, in full military uniform, was standing on a battlefield. He flinched as a shell exploded close behind him. A second or a lifetime later, he was sitting next to a fallen brother-in-arms. He had tried to help him; God knew how he had tried.
“Oh, Greg, good evening.” Opening the door and finding a familiar figure in a coat greeted John and he took a breath of relief. To end this day by communicating with both Holmes brothers at once was definitely not a pleasant pastime for him. Although he never had the opportunity to thank the Necromancer for his useful and timely gift, he still had no desire to see him.
Deftly catching Sherlock's sleeve, who quickly stepped to the side of the road to catch a cab, he pulled him away from the immediately braked car.
Noticing a beautiful familiar witch from afar, John sensed something was wrong, and he was indeed right. The Necromancer Mycroft Holmes was waiting for them in a bright, spacious office behind a massive high door, at which they were kindly pointed to with a thin finger with a bright red manicure.
John rightly decided that it was fate, the ritual of reading the runes carried out a few months ago not only added unnecessary problems for him, but it also opened up new opportunities. Which, in addition, to the rare strange dreams, he hadn’t even been able to use properly. Perhaps he wasn’t destined to enter the class of Seers and Oracles, and wasn’t particularly striving to be there; but if he really had a gift and a predisposition to any subclass of the Calling, then it was sin not to take advantage of the opening prospects. Moreover, he had prophetic dreams, although he couldn’t figure them out. His visions might not mean anything, but it was difficult for him to judge them without the necessary knowledge and experience. It meant that he needed outside help, which he, apparently, could, if so desired, easily and simply get, if he believed what was written so on a leaflet forgotten by someone in a textbook.
“This day the light generously endowed us with warmth. Under its life-giving rays, rice seeds and ranunculus flowers will ripen and grow equally quickly (1).”
“No,” Sherlock’s answer, heard right in his ear, made him flinch in surprise. He could not get used to such a sudden reappearance of the dark mage, which he considered unfair. John was always proud of both his instincts and his reactions, but he still hadn't been able to guess even once when Holmes would decide to suddenly appear in front of him like this.
“Hmm...” Holmes cocked his head to one side and listened to something. “I thought so.  But we do not have time to wait until they receive all the necessary permits.”
The continued examination gave John nothing. Without a crime scene, he could not draw any conclusions. There was still hope for the Calling Ritual, but he sincerely did not understand how he could be useful now, and why it was worth tugging him here. Although it more than fit into his possessive theory about Holmes.
Looking closer, John raised his eyebrows in surprise. Anyone would be surprised by the dissonance between appearance and Class, he was no exception. Though he had worked with Holmes for little less than a couple of months and managed to see and learn quite a bit. The witch, huddling against the wall and blushing with embarrassment, was undoubtedly a Necromancer. Nowadays, he couldn’t confuse their auras with anyone and it wasn’t even because of Mycroft Holmes or his sad past experiences.
“And what was that just now?” Now the Healer, who had volunteered for the Army, was talking to them. Sherlock's hands were already trembling with the desire to subjugate such a John, making him obedient.
John wondered if he should give all the details of the nature of their consulting to Miss Sawyer. There was a possibility that his outspokenness could greatly reduce his chances of success, though sooner or later he would still have to tell her more about Sherlock and their work.
In the text, the children faced a problem at the second stage due to the peculiarity of the local magic. It turned out to be very difficult for them to perceive.
In general, both complex illusions and acrobatic performances  impressed him, although he could not relax, constantly expecting a catch. Standing in a semicircle near an impromptu stage, fenced off from them only by a weakly glowing barrier on the floor, the three of them, like all the other spectators of the performance, just watched with interest what was happening. He could boldly admit that the show itself was worth the money spent on the tickets, although he did not pay. And it became even more interesting when the next issue was announced.
There is a moment of tight resistance—and then Holmes pushes his finger inside him, feeling him gripping him, tight and hot.
“I beg your pardon.” It shouldn’t surprise him anymore that the children entered Baker Street at ungodly hours, unprompted and uninvited. In particular, Jessie had a fair share of her father’s personality. This surely was the major reason John couldn’t react accordingly.
In the future, he will use a pin to fasten his hood. It will be a gift from his brother, a bastard. It is a symbol of enduring love.
"I'll tell you what I think about this matter," Holmes cried, smiling back at Mary-Ann, who handed her the tray of cakes.
Soon he sits next to her at the kitchen table of 221a. He is toying with his fingers as if still playing his piano.
For a second, I feared it was a stab towards Alice. The second wife in my life, or fiancée, as I did not do the same mistake twice. I left for America with her but came home to England for Holmes. Something I should have done decades prior. I have been a fool, a terrible fool. Now, I was an old fool as well. I hoped I was not too late - however, I hoped that Holmes' invitation to accompany him to the case was a good sign.
Damn, Holmes, that man knew me all too well, like a puppeteer, or as a violinist manipulates his instrument to make the most marvellous tunes, to choose a metaphor more fitting for Holmes.
“I don't know how to thank you, my dear Watson. You saved my life once again by alerting the police.”
After their discovery by the guardsmen, they will spend more time together. There won’t be any stolen moments, rarer than a sunny day in winter.
And it was a prophecy. For once, Sherlock Holmes asked his brother for help. No newspaper, no online outlet, no social media post mentioned Mr X by name. There was an anonymous donation for the Trevor Project. Apparently, the sum was quite lofty. Last, and as far as anyone reading the paper was aware, unrelated to anything in particular, there was a big photo of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson at London’s Pride.
"Really John? Vampires? It might be around the time this inferior Bram Stoker novel was published, but seriously, John? Vampires? What will we find in the bedroom then? Two coffins?"
Further, it makes little sense to retire where everyone goes if you want to escape them. Who could promise them they will not walk into a client, some journalist turned blogger as a part-time hobby, or God forbid former colleagues from Scotland Yard?
When I finally dragged myself to bed, too early but too physically exhausted to care, my last thought
"Miss Parker is my friend. She would rather kill herself than reveal the parentage. Please, Dr Watson, don’t tell anyone about the pregnancy."
It’s purely accidental that the last trivia that flashed through his mind was the famous lyrics from THE KINKS:
I fear something has transpired on my face because he recoils. “Okay, then go to your room. Honestly, not even our daughters are that stubborn.”
