They lived in a happy bliss they hadn't thought find again and now that they had it they where afraid to let it go, to return to the real world, to the problems that still lingered between them.
Mycroft had been able to lable it on Moran, the style and motive obviously him. But so far his brother had been unable to locate and arrest him, hence the need for Sherlock.
It was now hours later, John had eaten alone, as well as gotten through half a bottle of red, after all he wasn’t paying for any of this so he might as well take advantage of it.
"Of course. Just let me know when you want me to visit again."
"I...I'm returning to London. Tonight." Sherlock said, his eyes avoiding John’s.
"John..."
Sherlock’s eyes held John's the whole time that John was talking and it allowed John to see wonder appear in those eyes for the first time.
"No...it is everything."
John paused for only a second before he carried on till he pushed the blood soaked shirt from Sherlock’s shoulders and then grabbed a towel and pressed it to the bleeding wound causing Sherlock to groan.
I just wanted to get it out there that this is not an original concept, and it is basically a story that already exists but it works so well with Sherlock and John!
Sherlock remembered something, but John was unsure what it was.
It took one day for John to fall in love.
“Yuh?”
"Yeah."
"You could have told me."
"Dimmock, Dimmock come in!"
“Yes, calm, calm while you sit there bleeding the fuck out!”
"Keep an eye on him." John said squeezing Sherlock’s hand before letting Moran herd him out of the room locking it behind them.
"This is, no bullshit hands down the goddamnedest thing I ever seen." Mike says watching Molly as she fusses over the rat.
"John, please-"
"I have things to do Sherlock."
"I told you the explosives wouldn't work."
"Not now." John's eye moved to the camera and back to Sherlock’s eyes hoping to get his meaning across. "We will talk later when we get out of here."
"John, breath, just breath." Another knock. "Just a moment!" She called as she took another step towards John, her hands raised to show she was not going to touch. "Focus on my voice John, just my voice. You don't have to do anything, you don't have to see Sherlock, to talk to anyone other than me."
"Yes."
"Do you think it worked?"
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something but John squeezed his hand again.
Sherlock looked down at the hand touching him and frowned.
"We are on our way John, the life boat has been dispatched and the helicopter is in the air, we are in our way!"
"Good."
He watched her as she seemed to go through everything in her head then she nodded once straightened her back and walked towards Moran without a word.
“It can not be traced.”
John laughed slightly and shook his head.
"Real?"
“Your used the same drug he used on Sherlock.”
"Sherlock you are not, from what I have heard, the same as you were before you left. Now I fully understand why, but with what ever happened to you it can not be good to keep it all locked away."
"Of course."
"How was it today?" He asked pouring milk into both mugs.
John sighed, letting his eyes close and hoping to whatever god was listening that this was over with quickly.
John switches the channel.
“John!” A voice shouted suddenly causing the four children to look down the stream where a tall blond hair girl, a few years older than them was stood looking towards them.
“It's on every channel.”
“Goddamnit! Did you tell him we need it right now?” John shouted over his shoulder.
Sherlock was breathing hard, his grip on John’s hand increasing. “John…”
"I was trapped, you led me out, well the you in here." Sherlock tapped his head. "You are also helping me with a case."
He could feel John smile, could feel the force of it even with his eyes closed.
“Breath, look at me and just breath.” Sherlock's hands came up grasping at John's arms, his fingers digging painfully into the muscle but John didn't care, he allowed Sherlock to do what he need to just get through this moment until the meds kicked in.
Sherlock was stood between Christen and the other guy as John was led over to the cage, his pale eyes locking onto John as soon as he entered and not leaving even as John started to struggle all the more as Moran shoved him into the small cage.
“I can’t tell you.”
"So what did happen? I was going to meet you and you never showed, not even a text!"
"You answered once."
Closing his eyes John held onto the other man for dear life as he buried his nose in the curls that where pressed against the other side of the bars.
"Sherlock?" John tried, afraid that Sherlock had slipped back into his flashback.
Once the dark curls were tangle free, John placed the brush on the table with all the other cleaning equipment and just gently ran his fingers through them. He had stopped talking at this point, his eyes just taking in the pale face before him.
John switches again this time landing on a report of people’s opinions of what was happening. A young woman holding a child appears first.
“Moriarty is a ghost, we have no trace what so ever on him and I have used every resource to find him.”
"Okay, see you then."
"I just...I trust you Cathy. I trust you to help us, but please dont let Sherlock talk you into letting us leave earlier than you think. He can be so manipulative when he wants to be."
John had always been an inigma to Sherlock, yes he could read him, read his actions, his past days activities his intentions for the next few, yet John always surprised him, always did something he could not forsee or understand. But this, this silence, this total shut down of everything, he understood. After all he had become a master at hiding his feeling, his thoughts, his wants, his needs.
"I know." John hesitated then stepped forward entering Cathys personal space for the first time since they met. She smiled and slowly raised her hand giving John every chance to back away before placing a hand on his arm.
just to note, no you haven't missed a chapter.
"Zolpidem, just to get you off to sleep."
The screaming had stopped, but he could hear voices, as well as whimpering coming from the left of him.
*How is he? *
Sherlock really was stunning, his sharp features were unusual, adding a rather alien look to him, a look John was sure most people would find disconcerting, yet John couldn’t help but look. He wanted to touch every sharp edge, every dip, every flaw, to ingrain the memory of the strange face into his mind so that he would never forget it.
"He slit his wrist."
"Do you realise, that happiness makes you cry?" Sherlock asked as John stopped speaking and reached up to brush the tears that ran down Sherlock’s cheeks.
“You git.” John muttered as he shifted in his seat and picked up the hand he had put down early. “You're a pain, why the hell do you scare me like this?” Bring the hand to his lips he gently runs his lips over the knuckles revelling in the warmth of the skin, the feel of it against his lips and as he closed his eyes leaning he face more against the hand he breathed in Sherlock's scent and just lost himself for a second.
"So what do we-" the sound of the door opening cut him off. The light from Sherlock’s phone disappeared and John was pulled back until his back was pressed against Sherlock’s front. Warm breath hovered over his ear while a pounding heart beat against his back. Sherlock was scared.
“Holy shit.”
"That was mean John." He whispered his hands trailing down John's arms.
"What the hell are you talking about?" The man growled.
“Right. I forgot.”
Jim twisted his mouth slightly looking back down at Sherlock before nodding. “Very well.”
“Hello love.”
John had moved with the other divers into the sub itself. Splitting into small groups They moved off through the sub hoping to find survivors, but as they moved deeper and deeper into the sub it seemed that, that was a very unlikely prospect.
Without it, despite being fully clothed, he’s strangely bare, his hands lacking something to worry with the silence of the flat. The coals pop in the woodstove and his mind races, thoughts twisting to hurt him. He’s frozen.
“Stab wound. Sharp knife, victim bled out. She’s a tourist, here with her… brother? No, father, going by her heels,” Sherlock points out the purple color on her ankles, “Stab wound here…” Sherlock touches his middle and forefinger to his pulse on the left hand side, “Carotid artery. Slashing both sides of it will result in immediate unconsciousness, as blood flow to the brain will be cut off, death will be short thereafter. Slashing just one would result in a slower death, and she would’ve bled out. Lestrade,” Sherlock clips, and the silver-haired man looks up, “Flip her over.”
“She was very old, and she missed the ocean.”
In three days, Sherlock will be down on that beach with Redbeard under saddle, and the bulky cameras will be trained on him.
him from the blonde mare, who injected himself into every conversation on this island?
“I'm really not,” Sherlock snaps right back at him.
Why does she unnerve him more than the thing that was readily and actively trying to devour him?
“Jus’ someone with more up front to look at than you ‘ave...”
“Stay there,” Sherlock says.
and he strides like a champion. Long flexing legs, raised head, peering out at the competition like a fish through aquarium glass. John is mirroring this.
A pair of dun horses snap at each other, so engrossed in tearing the riders off each other’s back that they don’t pay any mind to Redbeard sprinting ahead of them. Sherlock wretches the reins and Redbeard curves again, chest heaving and head bobbing, swiveling past the two.
“You’re not thinking of really going, are you?” John’s voice has slipped into something low. Sherlock leans against the wind that channels through their alley at the outskirts of Skarmouth, trying to feel the frigidity and ground his form in the present. Gladstone lifts his head to scent the air, and the reminder of his presence helps.
They didn't even bother with the desk, so Sherlock really can't be faulted for continuing on his own. A museum makes the most sense, but murders rarely follow the path of most sense. Especially when there is a magic sword and live knight figurine involved.
“Yes, the cat, grey, maybe grey and white but mostly grey. Long-haired, there’s a cat.”
A man down on the beach is torn apart by a
“Suppose not. Got his will?”
The man’s dark blue eyes widen. Then he smiles, clandestine. Even in the low lighting, with the clouds rushing by overhead and the rain sprinkling down, Sherlock can see the crow’s feet at the corner of the man’s eyes, the wrinkles next to his nose, and Sherlock hates it all.
“Everyone does,” Stamford smiles the warm thing that stretches his pudgy cheeks, “Everyone knows everyone on Thisby.”
It must pertain to something about today, or tomorrow, or tonight.” It must be opened.
“Fuck, Sherlock.” John opens Sherlock’s trousers, pulling them over Sherlock’s hips. He can’t manage to tug them all the way down, whether it’s haste and desperation or because of their positioning Sherlock’s mind is too foggy to consider. He bends, returning to draw Sherlock into a brief kiss, and Sherlock moans at the release of that delicious pressure against his straining prick.
“God,” John groans, out of breath. His sweat-slick forehead drops to Sherlock’s sternum. “It’s fucking
don’t fix your windowsill,” Sherlock interrupts. His fingers itch in his pockets. He looks at John with a smirk, like John will find it funny and impressive that Sherlock manages to get into where he isn’t wanted. John bites his tongue, glancing away, as if innocent.
real on the cliffs, this evening.
Moriarty forces Sherlock’s head up, twisting a strained hand in his curls. Sherlock’s hands fly up to grasp Moriarty’s wrist to relieve the pressure. Moriarty leans down.
“I had figured,” Sherlock says. He straightens, tucking his hands behind his back and feeling the exterior fabric of it for comfort, remembering John’s jacket. The back of his neck feels cold, despite the warmth of the room, and his hairs over his arms are beginning to raise. “It wasn’t a good distraction. Failed at its primary job.”
Moriarty doesn’t look at them, only fiddles with the fingers of his gloves. “A terrible stablehand. I don’t think he’ll be very much missed. Family all at the mainland...
It really isn’t that old of a car, the model is only a few years past its prime, but for most of the car’s life it has been beaten and empty of gas and left for the cold and the salt to eat, frozen then thawed, chipping away paint near the trunk and windows and leaving the metal for the oxygen to react with. That tends to make cars fussy, and the Ford is the fussiest.
And then John thrusts the leadrope towards the bowler hat, keeping his hold on her halter.
Stamford chuckles a small, homely chuckle. “Don’t you know who that is?”
Here is where the small notebook gives Sherlock pause. Surely, John wouldn’t leave it here if it was imperative that Sherlock not read it…? So, there can’t be anything terribly incriminating in it. Perhaps, even, by leaving it here on the kitchen counter, John is implying Sherlock should read it. Or is that too much of a thought process to give to John? No, no. He’s very smart, if he wanted Sherlock to read it, and assumed Sherlock would snoop, then he’d leave it somewhere Sherlock could find it.
“I thought you said you only talked about racing.”
"Let me take it off."
” To go along with it.
Men are hawking to riders about insurance and prices, and dogs are still careening around ankle-height, looking for loose meat someone dropped while feeding a water horse.
trying to take him, and Sherlock’s mind briefly contemplates the idea of jumping off the island atop this horse, returning them all to the sea where they belong. With John pressed so bodily into him, Sherlock’s head quickly returns to itself. Sherlock presses back, a small amount, and is rewarded with more of John’s weight crushing forwards, grounding him, even as Gladstone flies and the wind tears.
“Luck doesn't exist. It's all hard work, isn't it?”
More men shout and scream. Tourists ambling around the streets (stupidly, stupidly, they
This is the outcome of what Sherlock has done. It’s his fault. He remembers how Moriarty had taken a drive up to his house, Mrs Hudson’s house, in that bright red cherry car of Stamford’s. A man who could do that would have no trouble tearing away any and all to John’s freedoms, his sole source of enjoyment.
Sherlock puts him in between the crossropes, and soaps away the salt and mud caked onto his red coat, and then rinses and dries him by hand, brushing him down afterwards. Sherlock picks the clotted sand and dirt and grass out from Redbeard’s hooves. And he brushes out the knots in his mane and tail. He braids and unbraids them, not caring in the slightest when Redbeard purposely knocks his nose against his shoulder or stomach and gets snot on him.
“John,” Sherlock manages, as soon as he’s close enough to actually say something. John’s eyes are focused forward, his mouth set in a grim line, brows drawn together in a way that Sherlock can only describe as dangerous. And... alluring. The pistol gleams in the barely existent light.
“Freak, if you’re just going to sit there and tell us what we already know--”
“Some reckon it's that black stallion. Fastest thing alive.”
Mrs Hudson waves him away, too accustomed to his moods. “Oh, pop off. I’ll come in and get her settled. Hello, John!”
chapter 25/26, please note the rating change to EXPLICIT - also it is a long chapter with ~11k.
in the Races, and then outlawed. They’re old, but retain their gleam and their mystery. The small bronze plates beside each one details their name, origin, the
Mrs Hudson keeps drying her mug. The third one in a set; the other two are upside down on the counter, already cleaned.
Watson nods. It’s the same terse thing that Sherlock saw him do back at the beach, with the blonde mare, to the man with the black hair that had pulled Sherlock away from the danger.
but. I told Stamford I’d do something for him.” His voice sounds like it has been dragged across the sharp rocks far below them.
“Stop it,” Sherlock hushes him as Molly makes a reappearance. They both straighten like schoolboys caught out and feign serious expressions.
He dares closer to the champion rider, though makes a point not to look at John, as if they were two strangers watching a monger, sharing only space. The few birds by John’s feet depart as Sherlock arrives.
“That's brilliant.”
“Hi, I’m sorry,” John shakes her hand, which hasn’t been extended for a greeting but more of a surprised gesture to herself, “but could I duck into your loo for a moment?”
know what goes on in my own sitting room.”
What could he gain from sending Hope to the cliffs? To try and discourage him, again, from racing? Any way put, it’s clear Moriarty doesn’t want him to step foot on that beach come racing day. Or, it was. After their conversation today, the madman seems to have changed his mind, stating he wants Sherlock to watch John die.
“I see everything.”
He begins to breathe quickly. He pictures the
“Some reckon it's that black stallion. Fastest thing alive.”
But John’s hand snaps away as if it’s been burnt, the towel balancing delicately on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Yes, I should really be going,” John explains, and their conversations begin to lap over each other.
There is no way but forward, no escape but to continue through the sealine. Sherlock presses on, ignoring the wails of some broken horse far behind them. Redbeard’s form shivers and he quickens, breath heaving in his ribs.
did the real work for the family. They like his older brother much more, anyways, they were going to send him all the money they were to win. He lives on the mainland, you could tell by the wife’s shoes.”
A massive black stallion is motionless beside him and the small, red one. It stares at him. If Sherlock could discern between his scent and the one of the
“There’s…” John starts out with, “I…” He shakes his head. His hands work to pull Sherlock’s face to him, and down, and he kisses Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock looks at the folds in John’s trousers, around the bend in his knee.
The heat of a flush rises over Sherlock’s cheekbones, more insistent than the cold air. He turns away. “I’ve always loved them. Honey bees especially.”
John leans down, smacking a line of kisses onto Sherlock’s throat. It tickles.
The knight sees him approach, stopping his pace.
“I need to speak with you,” John says, coming up by his arm, and gripping him by the elbow. John’s hands are bare to the cold, “I know the letter is pressing, but so is this.”
Sherlock can see the muscles in the man’s cheek jumping as he clenches his jaw, stalking towards Sherlock, leading the mare next to him (one rule of Thisby is to never turn your back on a
Sherlock pulled off his leather gloves by the fingers, smacking them down onto the coffee table, then turned. Lestrade was having difficulty fitting the gigantic toy through the doorway. Sherlock couldn’t see the DI’s face past the walls and the towers. “I don’t have any reason to own such a thing,” He quipped, not lending aid. "It'll be thrown away by the end of the week by Mrs Hudson."
John says, “That’s just what you did at the Scorpio Festival.”
The small amount of light pollution cuts out the black behind the clouds, lets the red of the bonfires all around Skarmouth be seen in the sky. His mother used to tell him that the island was dangerous, especially at this time of night, because this time is when all the colors known to mankind blended together into a blue-black. A man could walk off a cliff, thinking he was just taking another step onto the grasses. Only the
When John leans forward, Sherlock follows. Not all the way. A simple second is shared when their faces are not an inch apart, Sherlock’s heart hammering in his chest, the point of his nose centimeters away from brushing John’s. He stays there for a moment, feeling warmth and heavy heat pouring from John’s skin in the cold ambience, making him druzy with it.
Now, Sherlock does, too. The old man on the hill, the rich king, the mirror on the wall. The obsession that isn’t so much a broad fascination with Thisby, but one with Sherlock in particular. John is distinctly disquieted.
John turns to look at him when Sherlock shuts the bathroom door. The gaze makes Sherlock’s hands antsy, and he keeps them religiously still by his sides to not portray his anxiety. His legs feel too long, exposed, but at least his torso is covered. The baggy jumper bunches at his wrists, and the stretched neckline almost drapes off of one shoulder, and the pants are too tight around the back. He has never been more comfortable in clothes.
It isn't real.
Should nick Lestrade's things more often. At least more badges. He flips it in his hand and tucks it back into his pocket.
No, that’s not right. All of the horses from the sea are dangerous, deadly. Their heads cocked back, raptor-like, ready to strike. They’re alive, always, and always ready and poised for hunting, for finding their next meal.
“John, Sherlock,” Mike begins. He is less relaxed than Sherlock has ever seen him in this church. This is completely his domain, and yet, his tight posture conveys his need for secrecy in this moment. His eyes dart past the pair of them, towards the doors they’ve come in through.
The wind sings and throws Sherlock’s hair. Gulls catch the air and glide above the rocky beach. John hesitates in continuing the conversation, as if struck by this.
comment makes more sense now, too, as children who the knight may have greeted in the past wouldn't have been smoking, even in 1938. As if any of this makes sense.
John was impressed, which Sherlock quite liked.
He finally takes the time to inspect what's in the thermos. It's a strong-smelling herbal tea, he discovers when he opens the top just to close it again. He feels John's eyes on him for a short while.
Sherlock freezes, and Redbeard squeals in fright, stomping as Sherlock hauls the reins back, sitting back down on the seat of the saddle. Redbeard’s ears swivel wildly, remembering the beach. Sherlock strains all of his senses towards the cliffs beyond them, because that is where the wail came from.  Sometimes, the island’s atmosphere will throw sound back and forth, playing and tossing it as the wind does hair.
name. There are several others like that. Murray was correct, people do have a tendency to die.
Abuzz with activity, officers are flitting around the foyer like busy flies, all over their heads with orders of gambling, reports of tourists getting their watches stolen right out from under their noses, or others swindled by conmen on the beach. It’s a touch warmer in here, a hotbox in the corner of the foyer. Sherlock glances around to find Donovan the sergeant, not Lestrade, directing some lower officer’s paperwork with a thin dark finger. Her hair has been done up for the cameras that populate Thisby in the few days before the Races.
He could devise a flawless plan in seconds, but he lacks the strength to capture anything as big and powerful and
With Redbeard.
He tips the knight to look at the underside of the boots, but there is no signature. No emblem. Just the black soles. Sherlock decides to research armor so that he can tell whether this set is historically accurate or not. All in all, the paintwork and details are marvelous and realistic. Were he not touching it, Sherlock might’ve thought the knight’s cape was really cloth, it’s thin, delicate, and real.
Sherlock shifts his eyes to fixate on one spot, watching the opaque mare. She wheezes drooling bubbles on every breath, like an overheated island pony. But the day is cold and the sand is thrown by the wind.
“Alone? Why?”
They climb the long staircase. Lestrade takes them two at a time. Every step is well-taken care of, no loose nails, no creaking wood, no wobbly posts. Just monstrous carpet.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“Here, budge up, you. Lean forward, yeah-- like that. Get your foot out of the stirrup.”
very well.”
A later entry, dated the day after the storm.
Though he silently leans back against the rock, John is thinking. Sherlock can see it in the shadows under his eyes. Perhaps Hope has forgotten how his last companion died, shot by John in defense of Sherlock and taken over the cliffs on the other side of the island.
John, steady and knowing, squeezes Sherlock’s hand. “Let’s get dressed, alright? Every racing day begins with getting dressed.”
His eyes are glued to hers. Hers, that speak of a death at the bottom of the sea and corpses caught in rocks, and his, that speak of light blue skies and the land.
“Cross-shaped, yes - obvious, John! Give me something new!”
Something terribly embarrassing rises like a flush to colour Sherlock’s face. That doesn’t sound anything like words that would come from Mycroft, or from Mycroft’s people. They all know how difficult he is and, despite frequent interventions, never have orders to harass him.
The scoundrel has Gladstone’s reins in his withering grip, and is tugging the horse along the sand. He flexes the muscles in one arm more than the other, jerking the bridle when the horse stalls… Which he has not done before. Gladstone is always want to move.
John glances at him after Gladstone is in his stall once more, a clear concern. The lights above them illuminate the stable hands in the stalls, working on shoveling more warm hay into the stalls of island ponies and feeding the night-going
“Because we love them,” Sherlock had answered, truthfully, honestly.
“People don't just
is correct.
“There, stop! Climb up!” John’s voice is right above him, and Sherlock fits the papers between his teeth, all sticking together with oils and water, disgusting. Slapping the side of the quay repeatedly, his hands find the first few iron rungs of the stepladder, built into this wall when the cracking cement was first poured, and climbs up, heavy clothes trying to drag him back. Each step he takes, the further he goes from the water, the more his mind settles. Near the end, one weak link creaks violently and gives out beneath his foot, and he slips, hands scratched on the cement, listening for the splash of the rung hit the water. It doesn’t come, the waves are picking up. He holds himself to the climb and touches the top.
There's a sort of indiffusible tension, sparking and crackling in the air between the pair of them. It’s born of short answers and unasked questions, curiosity. Gladstone, the great black water horse Watson sits on, is still looking at Sherlock, wispy white forelock twitching as his long ears do. It -
“I'm not racing now,” Sherlock grits his teeth into a barren smile. The wind festers and slits his throat. It sings through the sharp blades of grass. More raindrops begin to spatter on Sherlock’s face.
“No,” Moriarty repeats, focused grin entirely on Sherlock. “I won’t.”
“Stop, stop it. We can’t laugh, someone died,” John calms, before breaking back into a ring of chuckles.
Sherlock’s bad leg, sliced from the Races this morning, gives out, unable to provide him with traction enough to extract himself. Sherlock frantically tries to knee Moriarty in the solar plexus, but the other man holds him down, seemingly aware of his weakness.
Sherlock will cry about that later on. His heart hurts and his fingers hurt. For now, he waves his hands as a gesture of hearing her but not caring about anything she’s saying, and leaves with Lestrade on his tail.
Sherlock’s top lip curls a tad. Moriarty smirks, moving his feet a bit to stretch. He pulls the cigar from his mouth. “Now you’re getting comfortable,” he says.
John pulls him back into position. Sherlock can feel John's heart against his back. He wishes he could listen for nothing else the rest of his life. “Sherlock Holmes, that woman adores you. I've barely met her, and I know it for a fact. She would never kick you out.”
“Well,” John nods, rocking back on his heels, “you usually aren’t supposed to air someone’s sexual history. Especially in their place of work.
, the walls are too thick and they never go close to the buildings, if they can manage. All Sherlock has to worry about is them getting caught.
To participate in the Races, one must signup at the Hawkins Tavern by the night of the Scorpio Festival, two weeks before the first of November, and one must name their mount by the same date. The cementing of the riders is done at the rider's parade at the festival. The giving of blood. There's backing out after that, but it's seen as cowardice and the inhabitants of Thisby have never taken well to that. Lestrade’s called him in to view not a small number of subsequent killings motivated by island pride.
Things begin to shift into place.
Men roar and crash their drinks together somewhere in the pub as Lestrade pushes himself away from the counter.
Each morning, at sunrise, for the week, he does this. Each morning, they pass the Stockyard.
“The bakery. You didn’t think I was going to kick you out soon as the sun came up?”
“Exactly.”
Donovan sends Lestrade a look of incredulous disbelief.
“In your story, you are both the king, and the looking-glass?” Sherlock says, belatedly pulling up snippets of
“You’re up early,” John murmurs.
Sherlock looks but can ultimately see nothing that would connect this man to the girl in the yellow dress. Not likely that the two were connected, then, even if the butcher's son would commission someone outside of prison to kill the man for him.
John remains paralyzed for a heartbeat. He tucks his chin and does up the rest of his buttons. Sherlock fiddles nervously with his short sleeve, worrying at the seam. “It isn’t the Races then?”
He grips the railing hard, fingers biting into polished wood.
It’s the Races.
This is, truly, the man who loathed his presence in the Races so much, that he broke tradition and stood up atop the rider’s rock to try and bring Sherlock down. Sherlock looks to Hope’s company - this is the mill worker. He’s lacking his traditional scarf and garb that he wore to the festival, and he is no longer extending a hand to help Sherlock down from the rock. He looks more like he wants to shove him from the edge of the island, see him flayed out on the sharp rocks down below.
“You’re not real. You don’t - have blood,” Sherlock says, holding up his finger, where the small stab wound on its point has lazily congealed. He begins to calculate the chances that he has been drugged. It’s possible the stables in the castle had a sharp bit in them that had some substance on it. Although, that’s a very roundabout way to go and drug someone.
Finally, Sherlock relents. It is time for his appointment. He can’t walk in and pretend that he isn’t entirely consumed with thinking of John pacing silently outside the door. “It bothers you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Gladstone takes an interest in the mist past Sherlock. His wet, fish eyes are pinpointing something that Sherlock cannot see in the white. Sherlock wants to ask about it. Speaking will break the settled, heavy silence. Sherlock can’t decide whether or not he wants to do just that. Perhaps breaking it will be the end of this horrible, dreading wait. Perhaps it will be the catalyst.
There’s an opportunity several lengths ahead, where two winded
and nothing more.
What had he been looking for?
Thisby and the world will continue to spin, unencumbered by the relentless boredom of a man built for evil intention. The tides will change, the chalk will erode, and Thisby will drop into a lull. But the Races will come again in eleven months, and again, and again, and with them, the wind will carry the backhanded intrigue of murder and foiled mystery.
"Well yeah." The man shrugged. "Why does that seem so far fetched?"
But there was also something more, John just realised how totally screwed he was. He was totally in love with the man he was clinging to so desperately.
John wanted to scream, but he didn't.
Sherlock smiled as he led back on the bed, his head instantly comfortable on the pillow. "I loved that bed."
"Yes."
"Harris...he...he made the silence bareable but only slightly." John sighed. Harris had been a way out, he knew that and he had tried, god he had tried, but just one call, one night of weekness of hearing Sherlock’s voice had undone it all.
"I'm sure." Sherlock answered as he pushed his hips forward once again which John answered with a thrust of his own hips.
"Stay still bitch." The voice behind him was rough, hard, demanding as the hands on his wrists tightened. "You are mine to do as I wish, when I wish and however I wish. You are mine Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock was in the same building, under the same roof, sleeping, probably not sleeping, possibly pacing, or having a cigarette.
Coffey sits down his hands running over his face before he pushes off his green cap and running a hand through his hair. Looking up at the other two in the room he lowers his hands after replacing the cap and just watches them shake for a second before clenching them and letting out a breath.
"Shame, what happened? Use up his supply?" That hit a nerve, Sherlock’s eyes darkened and he leaned in closer till only a few centimetres where between them.
It wasnt until the morning that John realise he had touch Sherlock and hadn't felt the need to shower or even wash his hands. He woke with this thought and spent a few minutes staring at his hand, waiting for the panic and unreasonable thoughts to set in. But after nearly fifteen minutes of waiting with nothing happening he pushed the covers from himself and just stared his morning routine.
John didn't get it.
It was rough, and fast and over far too quickly but it was perfect, so utterly wounderful as he held on to a shaking Sherlock while they both breathed in much needed air and came down from the most exquisite high.
“No, don’t think on me.” Mind John said as he stood and walked towards Sherlock. “You are ignoring me right now because you need to think about what had caught your attention.”
. Perhaps your ancestors should've been more well-versed in basic literacy.”
Surprised beyond belief, Sherlock snaps his head to Mrs Hudson. Her eyes are teary. He hasn't looked at her, not
Finally, the man lifts the cover on a new box, and seizes a particular police file.
“If you’re away from me for a moment, I will know. And you will be very sorry,” John commands suddenly, capturing Sherlock’s attention. His eyes are a dark, cobalt blue. He glares at Sherlock from under his brow. In this moment, he is as unsettling as Mary. Sherlock tightens his grip on John’s hand. He is holding on so tightly that water has yet to slip between their wrists and wet their palms. John is grasping just as fiercely.
“How’d you know that?”
He stops by the tavern, wading through the tight knot of tourists’ bodies, all pressed close together and reeking of beer the nearer and nearer they are packed. His racing odds are now 47 to 1. No one is betting on him. The smart men are putting their money on John Watson, and the returning champion horse of five years.
They manage their way through the frigid backstreets of Skarmouth, with Sherlock explaining the brand of the rider’s mother’s shoes, and how expensive they are to import, how impossible it would be to attain them without family on the mainland (“And it only made sense for it to be a brother,” Sherlock articulates at one point, prompting John to laugh wonderfully). The few people that are around the back alleys disappear when they see Gladstone the monster stepping silently along the cobblestone roads.
Try her out, get on her back, she’s faster than the Thisby winds.”
And, as it does now, John’s breath will warm the skin of Sherlock’s arm, his own tucked around Sherlock's middle. John's the most important bit of it all. Once thought unremarkable proven inexplicably extraordinary.
John takes it.
“And the seal,” John insists, seemingly excited with being helpful, “It’s Moriarty’s.”
“Get your pony off this beach.”
“I found the shell at the rider’s parade, on the night of the Scorpio Festival. You asked about her yesterday, the mare goddess.”
John stops before him. He stands like he's forgotten about the limp, his weight even. Sherlock can see his face now, heavy bags that speak of stress and sleepless nights are underneath pale, washed out blue eyes the colour of tidepools on cloudy days.
“Then how did you tame Gladstone?” Sherlock asks, watching two men carrying another one between them by his arms and legs. He imagines the man must be groaning between the two about his head, for his hair is mussed and he's missing the hat he clearly once had, but the beach is too far down below for him to actually hear anything. “He ran forwards while we raced. Mostly.”
The dark black crouching over the island is fended away by two bonfires, one burning high and bright, the other low, hissing out orange sparks into the ground. Where does he belong, where should he stand? Drummers around the crowds beat out long tempos and shout musically in local words - they're more happy to be here than they are good singers. Here, Sherlock can see the very edge of the island, and the sea is black and so is the sky and he cannot see where they meet on the horizon, but there are thankfully several meters of distance between the fires, the rock, the people, and the edge of the world.
The vision of the spider’s face clouds behind his eyes.
John didn't matter.
“Girlfriend…” Sherlock says, sniffing past his running nose, “Not really my area.”
John must be caught up. Sherlock speaks quickly, his footpace hastening, “In the photograph of the crime scene, the dead tourist with the lipstick--”
There’s a commotion at the finish line, riders trying to still their mounts and officials waiting for Sherlock to return and claim his prizes and get his photograph taken. No rush. A lump rises in Sherlock’s throat, considering time that he will have to be away from John after the terrifying shock of his unexpected absence.
“You don’t
“But also handsome,” John agrees, since Sherlock would never stop pestering him.
John snorts. Pleased with himself, Sherlock smiles smugly.
Just like Mary, Gladstone is in one place until he isn’t - he occupies several instances of space at a time, screaming higher than the fleeing crowd, and rearing up. John snags the reins and pulls down hard, but Gladstone jerks up and snaps the leather bands apart.
“Then you wouldn’t mind racing me, would you?”
It’s not holding a helmet, but the length of the knight’s arms are covered in armor, Sherlock notices from the splotches of shiny grey, meant to convey the presence of metal.
Animals do not follow man-made rules. The
“Really shouldn’t have been out—”
It isn't really the Yard that has won the Races five times. But Watson's name is nowhere on it.
There are only a few short lines.
“John, don’t say you believe in pirates.”
He’s ridden in years past, but not last year or the one previous. He'd gotten a large slice over his bicep when he was thrown from a grey mare the last time he raced. Sherlock had seen it in the reports - one would think that would put him off.
stops instantly, stepping backwards, ears pistoning back and forth, listening to each noise in the stable. Curiously, Gladstone tilts his head towards Redbeard’s stall.
“No!” Sherlock coughs.
Sherlock recoils. “John, don’t be stupid.”
What will John do when he gets him? He’s spent twenty years going after the black
Lestrade scrubs his hand over his face. Then, spent, he waves at them. “Go, go. Donovan will haul in the Haverfords, and you,” Lestrade says, “will bring me the murderer by the end of the Races.”
Sherlock snaps to glare at him, freezing. He’s told John this before, turned out his heart, divulged its contents - was John not listening? No. John is asking him this to give him direction; to remind Sherlock what he is racing for.
Contemplative, Sherlock turns his face away to look out the window, at the darkness and the grass rolling by.
At once, he is consumed with the urge to have John everywhere. He fits his arms around John’s neck and breathes deeply, drawing in the scent of hot coals and some note that is cool and dark and distinctly John Watson. The skin under his feel is smooth, mind the uneven patch over his raised scar.
At the word ‘users’, John tenses. Sherlock can feel it everywhere. He frowns, flexing his feet a little bit to stuff them further underneath the duvet.
The world tilts, and he's sucked under the flood.
“Never,” Sherlock says.
“It’s most people’s cup of tea,” Sherlock scoffs. He’s not sure if it’s his, given how he spends his life chasing criminals and racing with killer water horses, and trying to find their bones and study them in the off-season.
The first time Sherlock remembers the knight, it’s in his coat pocket.
“You must have been somewhere last night, and it wasn’t Molly Hooper or Mrs Turner, because I phoned, young man.”
“I thought,” he chokes, “we were in London again. Together. But it was another era, which I find preposterous. Although I did solve a cold case.”
Much more familiar territory. Sherlock is going to die. He swallows, but his alarm does not die down in the slightest, his growing anxiety. Slowly, he turns his face back to the envelope’s shell in his cold hands. “Right.”
John had never come past the gate before. In the dark, Sherlock sees the few squares of light where Mrs Hudson’s old house is, all screen shutters and shingles laid flat by the wind, a great hulking shape with a stuck out thumb, the stalls for Redbeard and Josey, who have both been turned in for the night. Mrs Hudson must still be awake, another light where the kitchen is has flickered on against the night.
They both shriek and take off anew after Redbeard. There is no slowing now.
“No, about you. About you racing.”
“Henry,” John says as they come up, taking the reins up from the churchgoer. The man nods to him, John puts a few coins in his hand, and he goes off. Sherlock can tell by his walk, illuminated by lanterns of the town, that he’s going immediately to the tavern to spend this. There are voices and he can hear cars rumbling, but no one else is on the outside of town with the three of them.
At the end of December, amidst the billows of icy flurries and salted snow, the Scorpio Sea pulls ashore a black head framed by long white hair, snout leering low to snuff at the shells on the shoreline by his hooves.
“Moriarty has an office.”
“What an unmannered tongue,” John admonishes fondly.
An opportunity not to be wasted, Sherlock considers. He presses both hands into the desk, leaning over it. “
Sand flies from the horse’s hooves, and her mane shimmers like seaweed caught in the dull light, just for a moment, and then it's hair again. Her pelt gleams like glowing coral. The dim sunlight catches on the man’s hair as he strains, pulling, and elicits a memory of the
The sweat on Sherlock’s body has begun to cool, and he reaches back to find frizzy curls in a knot at the back of his head when John disappears into the loo. Detangling them will be a chore tomorrow, but definitely for the morning and not presently. Sherlock’s level of coordination and common sense is teetering on the low side of efficient.
John stares at him. His eyes, gleaming against the light of the lanterns knocking lightly together above them, flick between Sherlock’s, trying to discern the truth. The yellow and pink shadows are all over the dips of his face. Something in what John knows must corroborate with what Moriarty has said, for John eventually nods. Short, hard. John hasn’t grasped what this means; Sherlock promised to not back out so that Moriarty would give Gladstone up to John, should John win the Races. He doesn’t comprehend this -- or if he does, he’s adept at hiding his displeasure.
John Watson
“Watson says she’ll kill someone.”
,” Sherlock remembers his father telling him once, on the single occasion Sherlock had been brought down to Skarmouth to watch the festivities and get almost swallowed by the rivers of tourists, “
Endless photographs in poses that Sherlock never expects, and endless bouquets for Redbeard, whose neck hangs heavy with green garlands. Signing for the money, tending for his ruined hair.
Gladstone hisses softly as John pulls his lead further, urging the horse to move a few paces. One step, and he’s there already, against a rocky outcropping of misshapen, wind-and-salt-beaten stones, all worn smooth and tired. John draws his circle, and Gladstone’s head plummets, lips twitching to the saltgrass. For an extra measure, Sherlock watches him fix the lead to the thinning trunk of a small tree growing out of the rocks.
This isn't the best time to go out fishing.
His gloves clasp around the hard, frost bitten metal. Down in the quay, there’s an old wooden fishing vessel coming in, a dangerous time to be out. It’s hardly morning and already the sea is alive with horses and danger.
Moriarty looks at him. Sherlock never imagined they'd act civil to one another. But there are witnesses around, he supposes. He watches the stablehands scatter manure and bells and flower charms over the high cliffs here. He recalls what John said about making the new capaill think that they're going to meet a formidable opponent if they come up here. It seems they are making any water horse coming up think that they will meet more Island charms, even if they can taste Hope’s washed-out blood.
Moriarty will have no hold on John anymore. Gladstone is gone, and Moriarty’s reign over Thisby will end tonight. There will be retributions for taking something precious from John.
, not you lot!”
The rest of the riders have disappeared, Gladstone is nothing more than a cloud above the surf, a black sky, and the crowds on the cliff sides have ceased to exist altogether. There is so much danger.
. Redbeard is amazing, and he’ll run quick and straight, but you,” John’s voice gentles through the air, soothing and soft, “You can’t keep running if you get knocked to the sand.”
try to pull Gladstone into a brawl. Space between them and the others in the lead is just enough to slip through. In his chest, Sherlock’s heart is diving.
apparently, and it makes the center of his mouth quirk down. He doesn't want to seem lecherous, however, so he purposefully quells his expression. “No, well. You were in a right state… Alright, well, he seemed spooked, and the rest of the Yard is, as well. It’s a big storm. We’ve had it coming for weeks.”
“... Holmes? Sherlock...? Earth to Sherlock Holmes?”
“Yes.”
John’s eyes go wide and for a dreaded second he looks, open and shocked, at Sherlock. Mary snaps behind him.
old,” He says, sitting back up and taking the reins in hand. Gladstone snaps his chin against his neck, frozen. John shifts forward to drag the cloth off of Gladstone’s nose, and the horse stretches his horribly long, serpentine neck out again, as if he had been contained this entire length of time.
Redbeard’s ears flick forwards again, and his neck lifts up, head turning into the dusk to listen to something. Then his tail flicks and he bends, and goes back to eating.
racing lengths ahead of him, there is no giant black horse. Apprehension grows hot in his throat and his face, choking the salt from his eyes.
“Mm.”
Perhaps a few neglected things could use some dusting.
John’s teal band is crooked around his bicep. Sherlock straightens it for him, lingering.
Sherlock stares blankly at his feet for a few moments.
But none of those animals have made John what he is.
“He went in the barn before us,” John says, breathless, “the night of the storm. He walked through before we did.”
“Moriarty’s looking into buying her, from that Magnussen. Magnussen’s already calling her
Away from the fight (and feels like he's betraying the man, like he's started the fight and left it for him to finish by glancing away), Sherlock looks towards the crowd he's in, gathered to watch the fight.
John’s right, the sword does appear fairly new, without the chips and scratches and general wear-and-tear of a centuries-old weapon.
that tried her hardest to knock John off of Gladstone and flatten him. John’s conviction as he agreed with Mike, moments ago, about the gamblers on Thisby being willing to do almost anything for their cut of the pool, clouds his process. Conspiracy to murder people on this list of names. Conspiracy to murder John. What names would they have desperately circled tonight? Who would they have plotted for next?
Without removing his eyes from Moriarty, John asks, “Are you all right?”
No. It’s not her. It’s everything. The way the water horses smell, the way they move, the way the bells tinkle on their halters and bridles, the way their long necks are always cocked back, ready to snap forward and strike like a cobra’s.
“What sort of murderer leaves a clue?”
Hidden somewhere beneath, Mary, heavy harness of brass bells and iron nails, is a shark.
He completely fails to take off his wet coat, irritated. The material is old and worn, but won’t shrink because of some seawater. It will have the be air dried after Sherlock washes it later, lest it shrink. John pulls the sleeves off and flings the clothing half a meter away, draping his heavy jacket over Sherlock’s shoulders, an instant barrier from the wind, if not the cold.
She’s so used to him picking up on everything that she doesn't say anything. Which means that Sherlock’s right.
, if you please.”
that roam the island in October. And those silver bells strung on twine above that doorway - to keep the water horses away. They don’t often come into Skarmouth, but it’s not impossible.
The father, Mr Haverford apparently, trains his eyes to Stamford from where they had been dead-set on Sherlock. As Sherlock takes John’s arm to lead him quickly away from the scene, Stamford intercepts the burly man. This event had passed so quickly, he may have garnered whiplash from it all.
The water rises to Sherlock’s pectorals, and now it’s far too high for the shallows. He lifts his arms higher, wondering if he can drown in this pseudo-reality. The cold nudges around his body and raises the hair on the back of his neck.
Bleak, windy, with clouds pregnant with unfallen rain. The grey clouds that his mind had since created for him vanish, and are replaced by those of a storm.
Stragglers behind them are beginning to break through the fighting, but no one overtakes Gladstone and Redbeard. Emboldened by the
must've nipped an important muscle while it ate his appendages.
No feasible way Sherlock can explain this without sounding mad. And finally - there’s an exciting, outrageous turn in the case! He can’t afford to be booted off of it now. If he was, he’d continue his investigation outside of the Yard’s jurisdiction, but that comes with its own set of problems, namely getting lectured from Lestrade.
“No.”
“There are lots of things I want.”
It's rich and potent as he wades Redbeard into the sea, after a pointed but otherwise uneventful walk to where the waves lap at the shore. Redbeard quivers below him. He can see the buckles on every bridle, the tassels on every saddle, and the nervous shake of every palm. The air smells like red, raw meat. They stand for a long time. No one else is near or in the salt water, the reason why Sherlock is up to Redbeard’s knees in the first place. No one else would dare. It is an impossible risk on a
As the light fades while he is inside the two-stall stable that leans up against the side of the house, he means to latch the door shut, making sure there is no sliver of outside, and so there will be no jigsaw piebald at his heels.
He whips his head to the side, and sneezes suddenly into the crook of his elbow. His mind has been wiped clean of all the possibilities, and now the cold and stuffy-headedness has begun to set into him again. Frustrated, he scowls at John, who grins softly at him.
Despite efforts, it is still impossible to be warm. As if she’s read his mind, motherly as always, Mrs Hudson pipes up, setting down her clean baking dish on the countertop. “I can get the fire going for you boys,” she offers, and slips away.
The blonde mare’s head swings towards him. Her lips are curled back, mule-like. Sherlock doesn't like the way she never unpins her ears from the back of her head.
“What?” John glances at his thermos. “No, they told me it could keep tea warm for hours.”
"Would really be more clever to sign up in the butcher's, wouldn't it?"
to see into its eyes, he knows what he would see behind them.
Sherlock hasn’t thought of Hope very much. The idea that John is riding on a man-killer’s back has not been wasted on Sherlock’s vast intellect, but there’s nothing to say for worrying. Hope, as John would likely put it, had gotten what was coming to him.
Perhaps they were wrong, perhaps this was never a spree, and has always been a serial killer. Are there more murders to be attributed to this man, forgotten cases in washed-up evidence lockers?
John pulls back his face, Sherlock can feel John's nose in his hair. It's not unpleasant.
“They all have the sea in them. None of them are tamed.”
“Then, I will give it to Lestrade,” Sherlock says, and he nods to himself to solidify the action in the pit of his turning stomach. The idea that John’s name had even been included in this book begins to haunt him. It would do well to keep John close.
darts for the ocean.
Two ales in tall, foaming glasses, dripping with condensation are placed at the surface of the wooden bar beside him. “Oh,” He looks up, surprised. “John,” he marvels.
“Let me come with you.”
charges forwards and towards the aisle and in that moment Sherlock is certain that death can only be sudden.
John’s arm twists as Gladstone seizes more rein, crashing his bloodied head into the side of Mary’s face - something horrible pops.
“I,” John’s ears look red. His face does, too. “I left this at your house.”
“It’ll eat you.”
Experimentally, Sherlock half-turns, and the shadow of his coat collar throws against his throat, expertly concealing John. Not enough to fool someone looking, but who would look?
Sherlock says, “Two.”
Beyond the champion water horse, John’s fingers are slowly curling in the sand.
She is stunning and absolutely giant reared back like this. The flare of that splayed foreleg would be close to Sherlock’s head were he twice as tall. For now it remains high above him, like the mare’s great long head, face veiled in chainmail.
But in a moment or two, the Races will be over.
That’s not it. There are some mainlanders that have moved here and more return annually just to participate in the Races. Sherlock ignores them, because they're all boring. Of course they're boring. They moved
that have recently come ashore, while the rest are sticking flowers in the crevices of the rocks that make the cliffs. The whole panel of this beach looks like it's been set up for a memorial, with the pale blue and red cords, the bells that remind him of Mary tinkling in the wind. The men who carried Hope away have disappeared completely, though their footprints denting the sand remain, blown slowly into flatness by the wind.
“You don’t sleep on your side. Lay on your back.”
of the story, dearest. I’m the king everywhere. I was the king in London, and I’ll be the king, here. I’m the king everywhere,” He says, “Everywhere I go, doors open for me. In my fairytales, the man with the key is king. And when you own
Sherlock’s brows raise, and his lips part in genuine surprise. Paintings? How has the ocean not yet wiped them from history?
John tends to his cuts best he can. Sherlock hopes they keep bleeding. If they do, John won’t step away. He’ll feel helpful, needed, wanted, and it will delay the inevitable.
A rising heat overtakes Sherlock’s cheeks, making them ruddy and pink, and it cannot only be attributed to the coals in the woodstove. It isn’t phrased like a question, but like a labored suggestion. The fabric rustles and bunches around Sherlock’s arms in thick dark folds. He removes his hands from his pockets so John can slip the armor off of his shoulders, and it slumps to the floor.
A gull cries at him. Sherlock looks up, and sees the headline on the underside of its paper belly outlined against the dark grey sky --
He passes Mrs Turner’s, their closest neighbor, and her sprawling sheep farm, caged in by a low stone roadside wall. Topped with frail loops of barbed wire, it is all that will protect the eternally petrified flocks. Her border collies bark at anyone who comes near, or any car that shudders past. Once they recognize the car, they yip and whine for Sherlock to come out and feed them leftover tidbits. Today, however, he's busy.
“No, I—”
“Meet me at the cliffs by Skarmouth?”
But Sherlock is already standing, stepping around the compartments and ready for pursuit. He rounds John, right behind him as usual, and the crates he’d tossed around, and hurries out of the notary’s office. Down the hallway, he can see the man leaving through the front door.
Sherlock grunts, shoving harder. The waterlogged ground gives way beneath his body.
“Must have been, yes. Or else Lestrade would have noticed the letter before I visited.”
“It’s not in the rules,” Sherlock says through his teeth. When he was young, he used to be so black-hearted that he’d spit on people’s shoes when he didn’t like what they were saying. Mycroft had broken him out of that. He may have to take up that habit again, “I can ride what I’d like.”
from coming up closest to the Yard. I want any horse that comes ashore to think they’re going to meet Gladstone. With the gales and the--”
Standing there, an Irishman in a black coat, hands tucked into pockets but taking up an immeasurable amount of space, profiled against the cloudy-bright sky. For a half-second, Sherlock catches his eye. Another flashbulb, and the Stockyard owner is looking away again.
Sherlock fixes his hay, and gently touches Josephine’s long withered face. Her mane is more wiry-grey than black, these days.
. Words of Moriarty echo in his head, same as the wind over the shutters on the sides over the barns. How he’s set on having her, how having her would terrify every single other being employed or boarded at the Yard.
“Wouldn’t have brought you in if this one weren’t related.”
“Bull,” John says. Sherlock finds him very funny. But John’s isn’t really island humor, it’s a shade darker. He recalls the jokes John had made over Hope and the chestnut water horse’s fates.
“Can I get you anything?” Janine says to John. Stop talking to him.
He takes this as an invitation to lean beside John, the chalk bumping into his back and crumbling into dust over his shoulders. Just, hopefully not his hair.
John says, “It’s one or the other. I’ll pick one for you. I pick both.”
Sherlock chokes on smoke. Something.
Hope’s lips twitch. The sky sprays rainwater on Sherlock’s face.
snakes back, yellow teeth baring from rotted lips. The man’s hand hits his arm, twists his fingers. Sherlock fumbles to slip the knot.
“I’ve survived seven Races,” John says, “I can survive one more year.” A pause. It lengthens, and Sherlock lets it, turning his head, still in John’s hands, to a flock of gulls that are turning through the wind out by the ocean, searching the beaches for anything left by horses or men. John speaks again, “I sound like a cock, but, I’d rather have you alive than your horse.”
“It was bad enough,” Sherlock snaps. Josephine rustles the hay in her stall.
“No.” John thumbs back the hammer. “You won’t.”
It stands out among the dun and bay and roan coats scattered round the beach, still while the other
John shakes his head again, closes his eyes tight and sniffs dangerously. His hands tense on his buttons. “I know it was him. Don’t you think I know it was him?”
“Why would you change it?”
Sherlock tightens his hold on his reins, but does not move. He’s more confident, now that he knows who this is. He’s spoken to Mrs Hudson of him (complained, really, right after he got back from the beach with Redbeard - she’d seen him and asked what on earth was wrong, and Sherlock had snapped back, ‘John Watson!’ and then gone to bed, not to sleep, to think), so at least she’ll figure out something if Watson’s come to murder him.
“Just before the funeral. Yes, you’re always like that, alright. But, look.” Mike traces a finger along a line.
Sherlock peels off his dressing gown, balling it up and tossing it onto a kitchen chair, stopping to glance at himself in the mirror in the bathroom. His hair is just as much a disaster as it was when he woke up this morning, with frizz sticking to the side of his head. He hadn’t been expecting anyone besides a visit from Mrs Hudson.
John starts, “I--” and then his eyes dart to somewhere behind Sherlock.
The sudden urge to let go rises in Sherlock’s chest - let go of every fragment of despair that makes a home beneath his sternum. John could make it better, if he knew. Sherlock would ruin everything, if John knew.
“They’re all cross over in Hawkins. Saying she didn’t drop a shell this year,” A man beside Sherlock whispers. It’s not directed at Sherlock.
Mrs Hudson stares, then she puffs out her chest, the buttons on her purple blouse shining in the lamplight.
Beside him, shoulder to shoulder, John is frowning. He is, no doubt, thinking about Mary. Mike goes on. “And it isn’t like the gamblers on Thisby are very
The sword’s make is consistent with the slashes that made up the previous murders in this string. Leaving it here is… something. A message? A forfeit? Is the murderer giving up by giving away his weapon? Conceding, or out there committing ritualistic suicide for a job he perceives as ‘well done’?
(See the end of the chapter for
“I had a choice to go for him or the file. I chose to go after the photographs. Although his involvement is suspicious, depending on who sent him to steal the toxicology report and photographs, it was better I had the file. Do your job and figure him out yourself. As for entry, he must’ve picked the locks.”
“For the sake of closure and morbid curiosity, I want to know what happened to my brother. I would not be shocked to find him dead in a city rubbish skip somewhere. My landlady deserves the house for putting up with me for all these years, and I want to beat Moriarty at his own foolish game, you, and the Races. That's all there is to it.”
So, she remained in this room until the killer crept up the stairs and opened the door. She didn’t hear him come through the front. Could have been another point of entry. What of the windows? On the second story, they’re too high to be scaled by anyone without a ladder, and the noise of a screen creaking open would’ve alerted the victim enough for her to make an escape. His brain makes note of the writing desk in a lonely corner beside a floor lamp, the coffee table that has been pushed aside by the police, and the ceramic white elephant statue on a shelf. Beside it is a large, framed picture of two happy women in wedding dresses.
” His eyes never leave the
John is here to give the dead rider’s
John,” Sherlock chokes. “It was
John sputters and Sherlock smiles, letting loose a deep chuckle down in his ribs.
The timorous voice of a fearful man meets Sherlock’s trained ears as he's skulking around the edges of town, the sharp and dark corners that most tourists are too afraid to come near.  He stops, interest taking over.
Moriarty be damned.
He turns, finding that Redbeard has already done so, ears pricked and alert, neck high and tense as he watches Watson approach. Redbeard must’ve known they weren’t alone immediately.
Slowly, the spider removes his gloves. He carefully plucks them off, finger by wet finger, and throws them both to his side, onto the ground. “I cut loose all those people just to get you to come out and play. A couple of murdered tourists, a stolen file, and
Moriarty sighs again, failing to get a rise. “I should have expected as much,” he says.
John holds the lead up high, to where it is clipped against the halter, and seizes Sherlock’s arm. “Not a word,” He murmurs, barely moving his lips, and he releases Sherlock. How are John’s eardrums still functioning? Perhaps he whispered because they aren’t.
Sherlock turns to find out who’s shouting, one foot in a stirrup and the other on the rock, and so does the bowler hat, and that’s when it happens.
Sherlock swallows.
Watson blinks.
“It’s… not much. Certainly not the Skarmouth Inn,” John chuckles. Sherlock does not. Awkwardly, John clears his throat. “But, yours is on the other side of the island, and I figured--”
He gets a hum by way of response; interrogative, affectionate, attentive. The smile accompanying it is content, sated, and sleepy. The man delivering all this is gorgeously, gloriously naked and splayed loose-limbed all over Sherlock's sheets. It's all
97. Press me up against one of the walls in our flat and snog me senseless
"He's got a point," chuckles John. "Besides, I had a very good reason for what I did, so I'm expecting - or at least hoping - to be very quickly forgiven. Whatever fallout there is in the meantime, I won't regret a thing."
"He has a decent eye for talent," Sherlock sniffs, making an effort to suppress any concern that his overprotective older brother is here to black bag the budding relationship. If he was seriously considering black bagging John himself, well, he certainly wouldn't give Sherlock a head's up about it. He'd simply order it done and deny ever having had a hand in it. Thankfully John is not nearly so dangerous to Sherlock's health and safety as all that, so instead of attempting misdirection or manipulation, Sherlock simply pretends ignorance like a child sitting on a toy and refusing to acknowledge its existence lest it be taken away.
72. Let me use your arm as a pillow
18. And her mince pie, with the candied orange peel
He wants to go down to his new laboratory. He wants to step into Speedy's and see how far Mr. Chatterjee's web of wedded lies has extended. He wants to see Molly again, hear her awkward questions and unasked for updates on her cat. He wants to eat lamb at Angelo's and shrimp at Claire's and those miniature banoffee pies at Russell's. He wants to drink coffee absolutely everywhere and then come back home for a cuppa. He wants to re-establish his homeless network, poke a stick at news networks, and drop by NSY to disrupt their so-called efforts.
The fact that John did not slam his head against the wall in frustration might largely be attributed to the fact that he was too far away to reach it with any immediacy.
They go on together.
"Shut up, SHUT UP! I don't have PTSD!"
59.	Wear my scarves so that they smell like you when I put them on
"Hold on, hold on," John says. "I'll sort this."
(I love you.)
"Open the rest of it."
But what to say first? What to say at all? And most importantly, what
49.	Marry me
tell everyone. We can pop out after the shouting's gone down."
117. I should like to watch you masturbate sometime. Upstairs, in your old bed, as if I wasn't there. I've imagined it before and want to know how the reality stacks up. And if you could just whisper my name sometime during the proceedings.
Is he well rested? Is he fully healed? Is he recovered enough?
"What was number two on your list?"
"If you're not buried all the way in your Mind Palace, you fidget when you're thinking something through. You hum and twiddle your fingers and tap your feet and all sorts of things. You've been drumming on my ribs for a bit now."
Frustratingly, he finds it more difficult than living a dangerous double life for fourteen months.
She's looking at Sherlock, who glances fearfully at John, but John looks delighted.
"Does he pay better kickbacks than your other colleagues?" John sneers. He thinks Eleanor has a point about her not being suited for what he wants, but he doesn't like being told 'no'.
“No  need to panic,” Sherlock snapped over one rigid shoulder. “I’ve no  intention of conscripting unwilling participants for this particular  experiment.”
this whole time?!” John fairly shrieked, still trying to battle down the sudden adrenaline rush.
In a reversal of an earlier move, Sherlock takes a slow sip while he thinks over his answer.
John has a bit of a reputation, with how quickly he'll vine and leaf and bud. Where most of his army mates patiently cultivate relationships over the course of weeks or months, John can pop buds practically at first sight, if the attraction is strong enough. He doesn't even wait for love; sometimes respect or lust is enough.
"Good?"
Fun fact: Faye Dunaway played the investigator in the original movie!
. Having stripped off his top, Sherlock is quite naked now. The bedding keeps his legs warm and he's got vests and lap blankets for his upper body. With no visitors except for one man, and that one needing frequent access to all the damaged bits of him, pyjama bottoms and pants have been a needless luxury and a nuisance more than anything. And if he sometimes wishes to cover up a bit more, for even the illusion of privacy and dignity, well, he's gotten out of the habit of asking for things and expecting that he'll get them.
"Her name is Mary," John tells him, slow and steady, "and I broke up with her over the phone right after our six month anniversary, because the love of my life had unexpectedly returned from the dead."
"How d'you know I'd moved out in the first place?"
“You’d be terrible at it anyway; I can hardly get you alongside for a case without you wandering off to make eyes at the primary suspect’s younger sister.”
"My only boundary is your well being," John says, voice and gaze and hands steadier now. "I won't let you do drugs or run off again without me, but anything else, you can ask me. Never mind what you think my 'nature' is, all right?"
John scowls, but Greg just smiles pleasantly at his employer and waits. John Watson may be a hot-tempered, hard-hearted man who'd fire his own mother as easily as others would step on an ant, but he's also pragmatic and (mostly) runs his company as a meritocracy. Greg knows that as long as he's the best at what he does, he's in no danger of losing his job. As for the man's temper, Greg's been insulted by the best and threatened by the worst. John's short fuse and sudden snarls are nothing the former detective inspector can't handle.
And then
It's not perfect, but it's good, and as time goes on and they keep going on together, they even admit it to each other now and then.
Sherlock hums, mind too awhirl to drop off so simply but not inclined to disagree.
...and he’d just made a bet with his flatmate that he could make it through six months of an exclusive, committed, romantic relationship with him without a single incident of wandering eyes or heart.
“John?”
John chuckles and starts tugging Sherlock up higher on the couch so that he can oblige.
It took a bit longer to parse this than it had to understand Sherlock’s earlier questions.
not going to make much headway. I don't mind hard work, but Sisyphus isn't exactly a hero of mine."
"Put all that together this morning, did you? Or have you been mind-palacing all along?"
He’d  nurtured - clung to - dreams of returning to their old life; their  domestic routines, their oddly compatible and complimentary ways.  Sherlock measuring trust in how wary John was of the cups of tea and  coffee he made, and John - based on the self-satisfied smiles -  measuring it by how many bites of food and hours of sleep he could  cajole Sherlock into. He’d banked on there being a blow-up upon his  return from the dead of course; something explosive and emotional but  also over quickly. Like a quick summer storm; fast and furious but also  refreshing when it was done with.
High on adrenaline and London air, wracked with fever and stress, Sherlock doesn't even recognize how irrational his thoughts have become, how unsteady his steps. He weaves through the kitchen, nearly falls through the double doors, on auto-pilot, lured by siren song, pulled inexorably toward John.
Sherlock flaps a hand dismissively, scattering a few crumbs Mycroft's way. Be gone, meddling beast!
Sherlock sucks in a breath, holds it, and then shudders it out.
96. Kiss me while standing one step above me; reversing the height difference would be interesting
Sherlock picks up the file left on the coffee table and scowls in disgust to find that it's a security problem for him to solve for the government after all, rather than a file on John. Now that he's begun to read it, however, his curiosity demands that he finish consuming the information laid out before him.
"Tell me about her?" he asks, and John's relieved smile puts a better glow in his chest than the Earl Grey.
With no words, he offers physical comfort instead, poor though it may be in comparison to the pain he wishes he could assuage.
(See the end of the chapter for
Warm.
95. Make a mess of me in the entryway one day when Mrs. Hudson is out
He's seen his boss physically exhausted many a time, but it's usually due to demanding travel schedules where John will sleep on the plane and shower at the airport's red carpet club, hitting six different countries in ten days and never actually checking into a hotel. Even the hours the man spends in the gym don't seem to give him much of an endorphin boost; John exercises as if he's punishing himself, or like it's just another meeting he has to get through.
21.	Do it again, with raspberry jam
(I love you too.)
"My clever detective," John says, and uses the scarf to pull Sherlock in for a quick kiss before heading out onto the landing and down the stairs to the ground floor. Sherlock is close behind him, fondly looking at wallpaper and railings and a creaky armchair he hasn't seen in years, except in dreams. There's an agent posted at the front who gives them a brief nod before disappearing into 221A.
John  cut himself off and retreated beneath his arm again with a frustrated  grumble-groan that sounded like “dust doodles and pee-pees”.
Sherlock's allowed to go home once his labs come back clean. Having a physician promising to watch over him goes a long way toward reassuring the staff that he is safe to release, and out of gratitude, he doesn't put up (much of) a fuss at the wheelchair John brings 'round for their trip down to the car park.
." "You are my best friend, the best person I know." "Amazing. Just absolutely brilliant.")
the difference.
DVD Commentary: This chapter borrows more from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Ian Fleming than BBC, as Irene relies more on her talent than her attractiveness, handily outsmarts Sherlock, and is zero percent attracted to him. Originally I'd written this chapter in my usual format, but it turned into this egregiously long and convoluted "Sherlock runs all over and under and through Paris with James Bond and has to outmaneuver MI6 and a rogue agent AND a genius hacker all at the same time while simultaneously listening to 007 flirt with his quartermaster over the comms AND try to maneuver Irene and Kate into bed - preferably at the same time - WHILST ALSO putting the moves on a very confused and conflicted Sherlock himself" crossover, and you can see why I decided to delete all of it and use the more efficient epistolary format to accomplish my goals for this chapter.
"I didn't join a bloody
He doesn't know if the vision will ever be brought to life, but it's a pleasant method of self-discipline.
Sherlock  stood in the hallway, a cello-wrapped twelve pack of Sterlings in one  hand and a cautious, wide-eyed look framed by windblown curls.
Johns hand tightened slightly on Sherlock's arm, but it was the only change in the man before him.
“Greg this is your last chance to leave.” John’s eyes when he looked up at Greg were dark, emotionless and deadly.
"How-"
"No...I was...they had me in Serbia."
“John…turn away.” Sherlock suddenly said, clear as anything.
Turning he went to ask what was wrong when he noticed that Sherlock was still very much asleep and that he was also locked in nightmare. His face was creased up, his fist clenched and his breathing harsh.
“Sherlock.” John said causing Sherlock's eyes to return to him. “Breath, please, just concentrate on breathing.”
"Do you pity him Sherlock?"
"John?" Sherlock asked with a frown.
Taking John's cock in her hand she locked the underside, then around the head before taking the whole thing in her mouth. Lifting her hand she took John's placing it upon her head, feeling his finger clench in her hair she looked up again, her eyes giving him permission to fuck her mouth. Licking his lips he tightened his grip in her hair before moving his hips. Moaning at he feel on him moving Ari gave herself to him, trusting him to not be too rough and listening to her for any reason to stop.
"Your back hurts." John finally commented as Sherlock flinched as his side hit one off the arm rest.
"Good."
"Most don’t, it is very rare for those in his condition to remember anything."
Half an hour later John was sat at one end of the sofa and Sherlock sat at the other end. They were watching Phantom Menace  (Sherlock deciding to watching in time order rather than release order). New mugs of tea steamed on the coffee table and a plate of cakes sat between them. Sherlock had offered to make some lunch, after all it had been rather late when John woke, but he had said cake was fine.
"It's okay." Sherlock whispered.
"Your body has gone through a wildly traumatic thing, it is healing, slowly, because I cannot give you everything you need. You should be on IV fluids, antibiotics, you also should have had at least two blood transfusions but you have only had one. Your body is weak Sherlock, there is no surprise that your brain is suffering, it is an organ, just like your heart." John's hand moved to Sherlock’s chest placing it over his heart. "Which is working hard to keep your depleted blood supply pumping around your body. But that depleted blood is helping to clot and heal all your wounds and so it is becoming more depleted, so your body is busy making more. So for now something has to give and that is your higher brain functions, the functions that enable you to think at super speed and to access every known fact saved within its hard drive."
Once done John removed the pop and just looked at his friend.
Licking his lips Sherlock tried to control his racing heart. Sure he had seen John totally naked not twenty-four hours earlier, but that was diffrent, John had been hurting. Now however he was sleepy and plienant and all Sherlock wanted to do was curl up around him and touch.
“Tell that to Tom Baker,” she shouted back with a giggle.
"How do you know that?"
Cathy sat up. Sherlock’s words were ment in fun, he was picking on his brothers need to have Sherlock close by. Yet she could see the words affecting John in a completely different way than they had ment to.
"Not really." He replied, moving his eyes to look at her.
Sherlock waved his arm in the direction of the kitchen as he lay down. “Under the sink.”
"Well this is a rather intresting development." She said with a smile even as she woundered if John would welcome her touch. So she tested the waters and raised her hand to shake first Sherlock’s hand, who took it and shook it gently, before holding it out for John who just stared at it, but also stepped back, turning his body away and closer to Sherlock.
"No."
"But now you will die so much quicker. With him you could have lived a very long life, a very long painfully wonderfully life."
“When is your flight?”
John watched as Sherlock pulled his strength together ready for the next step. It had taken a lot just to get him sitting, to swing his legs over the side of the bed and to just sit there, up right, for the first time in three weeks.
“Let’s go.”
"John."
"Did you know I fell in love with John straight away. I loved him so deeply that I couldn't stand him going on dates but I let him, I just sometimes broke them up early." He sighed, his arms wrapping themselves around himself. "I wanted him... I wanted him to be...he would have been..."
"Yeah, new plans I've just added." He said with a half-smile before picking up the rat perched on Molly’s shoulder. "Didn’t think you would still be down here Beany."
After helping Sherlock to the wall closest to the door, he stood, nodded and with the gun in hand, safety off he made his way to the door, determination running though his veins, he would get them out of the hell they had found themselves in even if it was the last thing he did.
Today they had hardly spoken, today had not been a good day. Today Sherlock felt like running for the first time since agreeing to stay. Dropping the cigarette he stood on it, putting it out then lit another. Today really was a bad day.
"No, let me go! Let me...no!" His eyes widened as one of the men walked towards him with a syringe in hand. "No, don't, don't...don't!"
"And what do you think we will find?"
This is for hitting the 100 kudo mark!!! Thank you everyone who has read, kudoed, subcribed and commented! I wouldn't still be going if it wasn't for all the support.
“Moriarty has played a huge role on many issues we have been unable to stop or even know about until it has been done. He is relentless in what ever he works on and his attention seems to have landed solely on Sherlock.”
He kept repeating to himself as his tears start to slow.
“But he is.” Philip turned to John then. “He don’t talk, like ever. Apparently he saw his parents being killed or something, not spoken a word since.”
"So you did come." John whispered reaching out to brush at a wayward curl.
"What the hell Anderson!" He suddenly blurted turning a few controls. Anderson stayed quiet but as Sherlock moved off he looked to John who nodded his head and Anderson set the controls back to what they had been before Sherlock changed them.
Their eyes locked and he knew John saw it, even before he did it, he knew John knew exactly what he had planned.
"What?"
John frowned then looked down noting the cracks in the earth for the first time. Eyes wide he moves quickly towards the police officer.
John blinks himself awake, the feeling of Sherlock’s hand on his mouth slightly unnerving until he sees what was in the room. Freezing he feels Sherlock lower his hand then chucks a pillow towards Mike, who opens an eye looking about then closing it again before opening both eyes with a gasp as he sits up straight.
"Mycroft, we need to go home." Sherlock said as John felt him come up behind him and place a hand on his shoulder.
"I can't...not now John. Please just let us go to bed, our bed and just sleep."
“Negative. But there was definitely a Russian bogey. Holmes saw it.” Coffey answers sitting back.
"I'm by the main desk." He hangs up pushing the phone back to Mark.
John hadn't realised he had finally given into sleep until he was woken by arms wrapping themselves around his waist, pulling him back till lips could be pressed into his hair and warm breath ghosted over his ear while long legs tangled themselves with his own shorter legs.
By midday Sherlock had fallen asleep while cradled in John's arms and with John running soothing fingers through tangled curls. Looking down at the sleeping man John felt tears pricking at his eyes as the whole situation came crashing down around him.
"No problem. You have someone staying here?"
"I...I was sent to help get you out, it took longer than expected, I apologise. But this is your chance, trust me."
"Yes. We cannot keep him on the high dosage he is on now, it will start to have very adverse effects on his organs."
John gapped at Mycroft. How the hell did he know about the first date thing?
"I've left you some clothes. Take your time."
They had killed Maddie with no regard, a clean shot yes, but still, she had helped them, had helped John save Sherlock and now she was gone.
"Yeah, I...its dark."
“Shut up Sherlock, don’t talk.” John ordered without looking up his mouth nipping with every word.
"Help." She whispered and John reacted instinctively. Going down he quickly did an assessment and then got to work. He started with ripping strips from his shirt and wrapping one tightly around the woman's left arm, which was currently missing from just above the elbow, and he needed to slow, if not stop the bleeding. He then wrapped another strip around her left leg, a large piece of metal was in bedded within the thigh but all he could do was stabilise it.
John ran his eyes over all the monitors, Sherlock’s stats were low, his oxygen intake was worrying and his blood pressure needed to rise, it was far too low, as was his heart rate.
Sherlock’s screams echoed down the hall as John pushed open the door. He had showered and changed since leaving the warehouse, since killing Moriarty and finding the cure. His trainer clad feet pounded down the hall, as the scream’s increased, sending adrenalin through his body at lightning speed.
"Some idiot in the way." The driver called back.
"John." Sherlock gasped, as though starving. The bed dipped and she knew John was behind Sherlock, once again getting ready to fuck.
"What's your depth, Cab Three?"
"Yeah. Okay." John turns and walks back towards the flat. Once there he knocks three times before opening the door and stepping in.
"No, but no point worrying about it right now." The man continued to look at him a smile on his face and Sherlock deemed then and there not to trust whatever he was. He may be there to help Sherlock but something seemed off about him.
“Yes…a little. I wasn’t sure if I dreamt it.”
(2:25am)
"Okay." He watched as Maddie climbed onto the stretcher and curled up on her side her hand pressed against her uninjured cheek.
"Okay, I'll have Cathy arrange it." Sherlock presses himself more against John’s back, his arms tightening. "You have put on weight, you're starting to look more like you."
Crystal eyes turned to him, mostly blue at that moment, but also blood shot with tears.
"Greg, yes John has spoken of him before. I think this would be a good step forward for him, to have people he knows to come and vist. One at a timeat first then maybe have them all here for a lunch or dinner."
“Is...he...oh.” Sherlock's eyes widen suddenly causing John to jump up and switch on the pain meds, the meds that were switched off while Sherlock was out and unable to say if they were working or not. Once he set the levels John turned to Sherlock and took the man's face in his hands.
Pulling away from the door, her eyes wide, she turns and gasps as Coffey grabs her arms and pushes her against the wall, a gun pressed to the side of her head.
As the cold water hit his skin he hissed but stayed under the spray waiting for it to heat up before leaning his forhead against the wall.
John sighed and slowly moved himself to sit up straight. It was stupid of him to sleep like this, his side protested with a vengeance as it started to pull and stretch.
More images are shown as men are pulled from the water, either helped into the life boats or pulled up by helicopters.
"Bedroom." She smiled as they took her hands and allowed themselves to be led to Sherlock room.
"You...you can't be here."
“The place he wishes to send you won’t allow it.” Sherlock pushed gently at John’s shoulder so the older man pulled back slightly and looked down at him. “The drug…”
“I need to wake up.”
“Oh its freak!” Philip said getting to his feet and brushing the dirty from him jeans.
“I’m not at all surprised. Right. Let’s just...here.”
When Sherlock pulled back he was breathing hard and fell back against the chair with a smile.
Sighing John licked his lips then held out his arms. "Come here."
"This is how you feel right now?" Sherlock asked, not hoping for an answer but needing one. He needed John, had always needed him, and this silence after nearly two years was more than he could stand.
"Okay...oh fuck!" John arched of the bed as Sherlock picked up his pace and then they were kissing once again as they continued to rut against each other.
"Good." She whispered and kisses John softly on the lips. She felt his surprise, his hesentincy as she pulled back slightly before going in again, this time a little more demanding. He was still reluctant and he had his eyes open looking up at Sherlock.
John watches all this with fascination and when he looks up he finds Sherlock watching him. His heart suddenly flips as they look at each other and he quickly looks away knowing that Sherlock would read his reaction to the held look within seconds.
"Okay Sherlock. Just, when he wakes, wait for him to make the fist move."
But something new came with the knowlage. Sherlock had touched him and he had missed it, he missed the first contact in nearly two years and he was...upset.
"Yes." John confirmed, he wouldn't lie. "I...need to shower."
"What?"
John suddenly laughed. “No, he wouldn’t, because he is not a killer. He solves murders, helps stop terrorists, saves kidnapped children, and catches serial killers. He is the hero in all the stories, he is the one that saves the innocent. My job however is to save him, to protect him, to do what he cannot.”
"I DONT KNOW!" John suddenly yelled spinning back to Sherlock. "Every day I went to tell you, opened my mouth to spill everything but every time the words got stuck. My past is full of blood, full of pain and death. I wanted to forget it all, to live a normal life."
John smiled placing a small kiss to Sherlock’s lips. "Love you."
As he looked down the hall he frowned as the light yellow halls were replaced with dark stone ones then returned to normal.
"No. No you shouldn't have."
Just as Molly and John started to unhook the object from the long arm Coffey pushed them out of the way.
“Mayday, mayday. This is Leviathan Two calling Explorer One. Do you read, over?” Andersons voice echo’s slightly through the room, before he flicks a few switches changing channel.
A soft moan escaped the mans lips, yet he kept his eyes closed, kept them tightly shut against the reality of waking.
“Keys?”
"Sherlock-"
“No change.” John said as he turned to face the woman that had become Sherlock's primary nurse, with Stacy taking over on Mary's days off. “He hasn't had any reaction to pain or to speech.”
"Please...please..." He whispered
“Yeah, it is.” John lifted his free hand to brush back a few of Sherlock’s wayward curls as Sherlock placed another kiss to John’s hand. “You should get some sleep.”
“I know, but you will, once you get better.” John lent down placing a soft kiss just to the side of Sherlock’s lips. When he pulled back Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his breathing evened out and his body relaxed as the sedative took effect.
Stepping aside, he heard the belt make contact with the wall. He then spun and using all his weight he brought his fist up and ploughed it straight into Moran's nose. He felt the bone give as well as heard it and then the warmth of blood covered his hand as Moran staggered back the belt dropping from his hand as he raised both to cover his face.
John, John, John.
"So what is all this in aim for?" He asked as Sherlock got John's shirt open and ran his hands over his chest.
John paused on the threshold a million thoughts going through his head, a million senior’s going through his mind when something pushed against his side causing him to move away with a hiss.
That was a lie, but it was only a lie because Sherlock had lied to John. John couldn't keep him safe if he didn't know all the facts.
Looking to the door he fought a battle within himself. On the other side was Sherlock, the man that had...no, this wasn't Sherlock's fault, none of this was. He didn't know, he didn't know how John felt, because John was a coward, John hide his true feelings, kept them to himself, kept them so deeply locked away that he had even started to believe that he didn't love Sherlock. But of course it was all a lie, John was totally in love with Sherlock, it had just taken Sherlock to jump to fully admit it.
"Some of what we need to give him to ease the pain, even while in the coma can become addictive. Of course when he wakes we can modify what he has, cater to what works best for him. The main problem though is keeping him under, the normal dosage may not be enough for him, his tolerance will be higher than those without his pass usage history and so we need to find the right balance."
Back inside Coffey’s room, the water suddenly drops soaking Sherlock and the others.
"I'll contact Mycroft." Cathy pulled out her phone as she talked.
“You’re safe, I have you.” Sherlock’s hand gripped at John’s arms his shoulders until both hands delving into soft grey blonde hair. He needed to ground himself, John was it, he was his way of keeping himself there, in the now.
"Disoriented." He answers as John pulls Sherlock down onto the sofa.
John turned to Sherlock.
“Hey that's us!” Molly squealed.
Sherlock froze, he knew it was crucial they did this, that they shared this, but he was terrified. To relive what he had gone through was something he never thought he would have to do, even though his brain loved to play things out for him at the most of inconvenient of times.
Sherlock sat up with a start, looked around the room twice before his eyes stopped on the man from before.
"I will always trust you John."
"You have never seen me at a firing range." John countered and waited for a snarky reply. But when none came he lowered his arm and pushed himself up on his elbows to look at Sherlock. The man in question was stood by the door, his eyes staring as a silent 'oh' formed on his lips.
“Easy,” the man whispered. “I’m going to call an ambulance.”
John was awake, that was how Sherlock saw it. Since returning John had been gone, asleep, hiding, but now he was back and very much awake and very very angry.
"No." Sherlock agreed.
"This isn't about John. This is about you."
The train suddenly launched and tilted before the sound of an explosion reached his ears and then the lights went out and people started to scream at the same time that a fire ball started to make its way up through the cab.
"What is this about?" He asked concern in his voice and eyes.
"Please don’t ever doubt me Sherlock."
"John..."
Sherlock was on his feet instantly. Pulling the door open he headed towards the wall that was keeping him locked in. As he reached it his hand went out to run along a crack that had appeared.
As he entered the dinning room he made he way around the tables, taking a bit of a round about rout to keep away for the other people in the room. Reaching the conservatory he paused as he took in the scene before him.
Feeling the bed dip as Sherlock climbed on he smiled as a long warm body wrapped itself around him.
“Hurts.”
He had gone form not moving, to constantly being on the move. He felt like his nerves where on fire, or being stimulated by electricity and no matter what he did he just couldn't stop moving.
"Yeah, quite extraordinary really."
So I think this will need editing but I'm an impatient author so here you go ;)
"No, I mean at all times, we float, but because of the earth turning at the rate it does that it reaches out to catch us?"
"I'm going to go upstairs now, you go back to Sherlock okay." She pulled away, but again he held her close.
At the mention of Maddie, John turned to find her stock taking a frown on her face.
The silence that hung between them became deafening as they just stared at each other.
“Yes.”
Sherlock stood at the end of his bed, their eyes finally locked yet John felt nothing.
“Well it might have to.” Mycroft says as he starts to tap away on his phone.
So two hours after arriving at the hospital they finally walked through the black door to their home.
"I would love nothing more than to stay here holding you John. But unfortunately my body is telling me I need to get up, and soon, really soon."
"The same weapon was used on the current victims."
A smile suddenly found its way onto John’s lips. It was over.
"Agreed." Sherlock whispered as he hands left John’s face to wrap his arms aroud John’s shoulders to pull him into a hug.
.~.~.~.~.
"Yeah...oh shit!" John looked across the dark cab to where he had left the woman trying to pick her out amongst the debris.
"It means he needs to stay awake." This came from the doctor as they got Sherlock’s heart beat going at a steady pace.
John buried him.
"John."
As she started to undo the belt on his jeans he suddenly spun and caught her face, placing a kiss just as passionate as the one he had given Sherlock on her lips catching her off guard. Singing into the kiss she reached for Sherlock and got him to finish was what she had started whole she started to pull at Sherlock shirt.
"The shower?" John asked gently, taking the ties of Sherlock’s robe to tie together.
"No, stop! I know you are sorry and I forgive you, I forgave you a while ago."
"How’s that?" John asks folding Sherlock’s dressing gown neatly over long legs.
Minutes later Molly stood back as the images on the screen replayed while John watched.
“Please….no, stop, no! JOHN!!!!”
"No! I wont watch you fall! Now use your goddamn long legs and try to bloody climb!"
"He went AWOL a month or so after you got shot. I don't fully know how Jim got his claws into him but he did and I think Jim had control of him a long time before he finally disappeared."
“It's gotta be, like, an emergency plan to keep it away from the Russians... Hotwire one of the nukes with some kind of detonator, put it back in the sub, and boom, gone!” Molly shrugged then her eyes widen as she looks at the door. “Oh, uh... hi, Lock.”
“It's not holding. We're swinging out of position!”
"What the hell are you playing at?" John asked now that they were both alone.
"Right so sit back and relax gents. Six hours and you will all be out causing as much havoc as you like."
"I would very much like to see that." Sherlock finally said as his eyes focused back onto John.
"Not without you." Sherlock said as the smile left his face. "I learnt the hard way what it is like to do things without you. I wont do it again."
Just then the liquid face changes, becoming the image of John.
"Convinced?"
It took half an hour to stitch up the wound. He then bandaged it and then went about cleaning the blood off of Sherlock pale skin. The whole routine was so familiar to them; it was something they had done since the moment they had met. John helping to ease a black eye, then with the shirt, and the hospital. They had always had this relationship where John cared for Sherlock on a medical level. But Sherlock did so much for John, he helped him feel wanted, feel ground, feel loved.
Sherlock recoiled stepping back and away from John.
"So what John did was not acceptable to you."
"We kiss now?" Sherlock asked watching John closely.
As the water snake moves into the rooms it scans the sleeping occupants, Sally, curled up and snoring lightly, Dimmock still unconscious, Anderson, out like a light, his arm still strapped to his chest.
Settling onto the cushions, Sherlock listened to John moving around the kitchen.
"Sher...lock?" He got out, opening his eyes slightly.
The doctor looked down at John and shook his head.
“Sorry, John,” Sherlock said as his world went black.
"Mycroft, I don't know what it is exactly that happened in that time, but you are right. I will keep him alive, I promise. But please you must tell me of anything else that could comprise his care."
"Civil...maybe give him that same speech when he does get out, he might just tell you what I want to but I'm far too polite to."
“Yes.” He said smoothly as he stood and took hold of the hand held out to him. “And you must be Sebastian.”
John watched Sherlock close his eyes, he looked at him for a moment before walking around him to look at his back.
"Sherlock? What's wrong?" Cathy asked as she stood.
"Yes."
Okay, well ummm this is dark...very dark. Trigger warning for rape, nothing happens but words are said.
John knew what that meant.
“Last time you said that you kissed me.” John’s eyes widened, his hand slowly moving from Sherlock’s chest.
“Of course I did John, he’s been good at hiding it until now, but it was clear to see.”
The boy in the tree waited for the others to leave before slowly making his way down to the ground, something he had been unable to do as the others had chosen the tree he needed to climb down to camp at most of the afternoon.
“Oh…John, you can’t be here.”
As he reached the area he had seen the man, the fire had died down slightly and he was stood amongst people led on the ground.
It was Sherlock’s turn to pale, if that was even possible.
Sherlock sat up slowly till his head leant against the wall.
“Dimmock saw something in there, something that scared the hell out him-“
“Two fifteen.”
"Yes."
"I know, and my signal has gone on my phone."
John flinched, he was still over five feet away from Sherlock, yet just the invitation to touch shook him.
Sherlock nodded his agreement then stood.
Looking at John on the other side of the bathroom, close to the door he was surprised to see John also pausing, though he stared at his wrist still covered in his shirt sleeves.
"Oh god, oh god, oh god...." Moving John grabs Dimmock and makes him look at him.
“It’s fine Greg.” John mutters and he starts to slap at Moriarty’s face. “Come on Jim, time to wake up.”
"Sherlock?" He tried as he knocked again then tried the door but found it locked.
"No." answered Sherlock breathlessly.
Also happy 50th chapter!!!!
“Oh good.” John smiled at the tone, the relief in his partner’s voice at not being sent away clear to be heard.
"He was lucky to have you helping."
"Very well." The doctor looked at John. "And if you are right?"
Cathy watched the black car pull away, her arms crossed, a frown marring her face as she waited for Mycroft to return her call, something she knew wouldn't happen any time soon. Ever since she had stood up to him about her methods he had been avoiding her and it had suited her fine, until now. The orders to allow Sherlock to leave had come through only twenty minutes before the car arrived. Now she watched the red tail lights as it disappeared down the road.
"It's okay John, it wasn't you, you weren't incontrol, your phobia was and I get that."
Now he sat waiting.
"He won’t, I'll be here."
John smiled as he tightened his grip on Sherlock. “Yeah, breakfast?”
"No..."
"Just breathe. When you're ready for the next part just let me know." John had hold of Sherlock’s arms, his grip light yet reassuring as Sherlock concentrated on his breathing.
"Of course he knew Sherlock." John said before Sherlock could even form a coherent sentence. "He kept a lot of my file...no, no he didn't keep it from you. He gave you a fake, a cover up file."
"Sherlock." Mycroft’s voice responded the tone putting Sherlock instently on edge
Sighing he lent his forehead against Sherlock’s and closed his eyes.
“I take it you didn’t get anything on the cameras.” John says moving forward as Sherlock turns back to the camera equipment he had used on cab one to take pictures. “Video or anything?”
"Sherlock?" She asked gently.
The underground train was packed, just as it always was, packed and hot and damn, would those kids just turn off their stupid music!
“What is that? You drop your dive light?” Mike asked.
"Yeah." Greg looked towards the bathroom. "Just...be careful."
John watched her as she looked to Mycroft then to John and John knew what was coming.
“Listen to you two, just listen. He has made you week Sherlock, pathetic really.” James moved his hand to Sherlock’s curls a smile upon his lips and yet it never reached his eyes. “You were great, you were so much fun and then he came along, he come and changed everything. Your little stupid goldfish.”
"Your MIRV is a tactical nuke, fifty kilotons nominal yield. Say times ten Hiroshima."
With that John taught Sherlock everything he knew about kissing.
Smut ahoy, but not too explicit, want to keep the muture tag but let me know if it needs changing.
"-the best of a bad bunch, driven to suicide."
"Yeah, of course." Sherlock sat then, on the chair John had taken earlier. "Cathy had another appointment, she didnt want to move you to your room though and well I guess we need to talk about me staying."
John faught with himself as he waited. He wanted to crawl over to Sherlock, to wrap his arms around him and just make it all go.
"Yeah, everything is fine." The youngest of his crew sounded shaken up, but he also sounded as though he was trying to be brave.
“No.” Coffey replies, taking his cap off and running his fingers through his hair. The two men stare at each other, John holding back, not wanting to say anything out of line, they had both lost men, but John made sure that Coffey knew he blamed him.
"You okay?"
Once inside the flat, John dropped the bag beside the door and glanced around the sitting room, but Sherlock couldn’t care about the mess left from the morning, or the current experiment on the kitchen table. He just needed to lie down.
“Damn it.” He muttered just staring at his hand and trying once again to get himself to move.
"Yes, you're the practical one."
"Kissing." Sherlock whispered. "They...never."
"I... I responded."
Straddling the man’s legs John placed a few well aimed punches to the man’s face, blooding his nose and sending him unconscious in seconds. He then went about searching him and laughing as he found a gun placed down the back of the man’s jeans. Checking the clip, he loaded it back up and placed it down his own trousers. He also found a knife as well as an extra clip for the gun.
“Sorry.” Holding the towel in place he looked up at Sherlock who was still watching him.
"I'm guessing your trauma." The man answered knowingly.
“Come on... move to the left... just a little more... come on, you know you want to... that's it-“ Molly stands wide eyed as Coffey finally moves showing what it was the two men were doing.
"No...must have deleted it."
(9:32am)
The living water moved further into the room, passing Sherlock as it continued to scan about, its movement through the air however caused Sherlock to look up, the apparition now right next to him.
I want to thank each and every one of you that has left kudos, bookmarked and commented on this story you have kept me going.
James left and Moran started to pull John form the room.
"You never said his name."
“John-”
“Do you need me to do anything?” John asked.
Sherlock smiled and blinked slowly as the cocaine flooded his system, heightening everything, he then frowned.
"John." He whispered turning and racing back to were he had left John.
“Always.” John answers as he kisses Sherlock’s knuckles.
"Yes...what? No..." Sherlock turned in the hall causing John to almost plough straight into him. Automatically he raised his hand and placed them on John's upper arms to stop him. "What the hell are you babbling about?"
"John?" He whispered frowning toward the door.
So umm excuses....I have had horrendous writers block, I finished Loud and Clear and then nothing, well not nothing, but not a lot and this story got stuck! So this chapter, I hope, will move it on and hopefully I can get it finished.
"What?"
“Sherlock-“
The journey to the hospital was dull. He had been given the choice of taking the train or having one of Mycroft's cars take him. He chose the car, he wished he had choosen the train.
"You had a chance at happiness but you never took it. Why?"
"Your rig?"
Sherlock smiles slightly as they reach the edge of the cliff and then slowly heads down.
“I know, which is why I need you just to breath.” John wanted nothing more in that moment than to lean down and kiss him, but he knew it wouldn't help right now so he resisted.
"It's okay." John cleaned his fingers and hands as best he could on his shirt before leaning down and gently running his fingers through tangled curls. "I've got you."
Sherlock moved, he pulled back before thrusting forward hard and before long he found a rhythm, his angle changing every few thrusts to brush against John's prostate causing John to hiss or cry out each time.
"Cathy will probably be here soon." John said as he poured himself another cup of tea.
"Not something you easily forget." Sherlock said looking over everything as John pulls on his helmet.
"Move Sherlock." John whispered as he canted his hips again, one of his hands reaching round to grip at Sherlock’s ass while the other ran up Sherlock’s chest,  to his shoulder then his neck before cupping his check. "Move love, I wont break."
“Because that drug is of our making John. How Moriarty got hold of it is something I am personally looking into.”
That had been far harder than he thought it would be, watching John react the way he had to just the knowlage that he had been touched was heartbreaking, but John had tried, he was honest and he opened up.
But now it was all just John's.
"Thought Derek was driving."
“It went straight for the warhead. And they think it's cute.” He hisses.
“Turn your back John.” Sherlock begged his eyes suddenly filling with tears. “Please John, turn your back.”
"After."
"Not until I get you out of here." Looking about he searched for something to help him get his friend down. Spotting a create he turned back to Sherlock. "Stay awake."
"Why am I only hearing of this now?"
The paramedic nodded and dropped his bag before opening it and pulling out things to help John.
“Or what?”
She laughed shaking her head, "this is so not conventional."
Before he fell to the floor darkness pulled him under.
"Sherlock told me the same." John moved then, getting to his feet and looked over at the livingroom. On the coffee table were sevral pictures of Moran, it was in perfect line of sight of where Sherlock was making the tea.
"Yes. Scientist predict that at some point we will collide. But it wont be any time soon."
"Sherlock..."
So the happiness not lasting too long, sorry.
"You can and you will. Several high profile people have been murdered and you are needed to help find the culprit."
"I guess that will have to do."
“Something of an old friend.” The man answered as he pulled the syringe out and patted Sherlock on the shoulder. “It won’t be long till he starts feeling it.”
Sherlock felt tears sting his eyes as he turned to bury his face in soft blond hair. “I love you.”
"Oh now there is a question." He smiled, a smile John recognise. "Moriarty sends his love, he told me all about you, and him." He nodded to Sherlock. "He told me that you where Sherlock’s weakness, but what he failed to mention was that Sherlock is your strength, he is your motivation, your reason for everything."
"Hi there."
“Jesus John.”
“No! Just us Molly, it will be better if just we two knew about it.”
"Since I woke."
"Come here." He said gently as he led down, opening his arms out for Sherlock.
"You pulled your stitches." She observed.
John hated November, always had. It was the month that didn't know what it was. It was also the month fireworks night happened, or rather fireworks fortnight happened. For a solid two week’s fireworks would be heard going off all over London and for an ex-army doctor with PTSD it was not the best of times.
"Then we sleep and sort it all tomorrow, okay?"
At night they talked and listened.
Sherlock started at him for a while then got into the bed and curled himself up into John as John wrapped his arms around him.
“Get rid of them.” John said, his voice tense. “Get rid of all of them, burn them, delete them, do what every you can but just get rid of them!”
"Oh."
"Bleeding."
"But she doesn't drink tea John, and she has a half drunk, still hot coffee on her desk."
Sherlock smiled. “Yes, doctor.”
"That's good, it means your haphephobia can be controlled. You will welcome touch to those you truly trust."
"No." John suddenly said causing Sherlock to look at him. "No, it is not."
(23:10pm) Okay so you're busy...or sleeping, or in your mindpalace. What ever it is just please text me when you get this. I wont be asleep...I can't sleep, I miss you next to me. JW
“So it’s only a few more layers, no bleeding seen so far so that’s a good thing.” Sherlock watches as John peels back another layer then moves to watch John’s face.
(10:12am) Thank you. Bye for now Sherlock. JW
Sherlock ignored her, turning to the stairs and walking up them two at a time. Her heard her sigh before he reached the door, her own door closing behind him.
“Because you are going to be in so much pain, you have only been clean for six months and I bet that even the highest doses of morphine will do very little to help you right now.”
John didn’t dare move, he kept himself on the bed looking down at Sherlock with eyes so full of anger and fear he knew that Sherlock would say they were almost black in colour.
Smiling he refocused his eyes and looked out over at the city he found himself in, some foreign city he had never visited before and probably wouldn’t see much of seeing as he was flying back the next day. But still, he was someplace he never thought about seeing and yet here he was.
"Right. Thank you doctor Watson. You can go home now if you wish."
“I love you.” John said, his grip tightening before he fell back to sleep.
"Ah...then no."
Sherlock jumped in his sleep causing John to turn to him as he sat on the chair his feet up on the end of Sherlock’s bed. Lowering his feet, John slowly stood as Sherlock jumped again, this time his hands twitching and he frowned deeply before a look of fear come over him.
Smiling slightly, he shook his head, of course John would have saved him, but he was glad he had done it himself.
At least here John got a sense of time, he knew it was late, the night having drawn in hours ago, stopping what little sunlight had been able to leak through the painted windows, windows he had stared at for a time, trying to determine if there were any source of outside light, street lamps or any other buildings for example, but it would seem that there wasn’t.
Pulling on coat he picked up his phone and wallet before making his way down to the waiting car.
“What about Moran? We found him-“
Dimmock pulled the head set from his ears and raised an eyebrow at John.
“You might start feeling dizzy, possibly a bit sick but it will pass and you will be asleep pretty soon.”
Lowering Sherlock’s hand back to his chest, John lifts his own hand and runs the back of his fingers over the sharp cheek bones.
“Oh shit.” Sherlock mutters as he stands up straight and has no choice but to watch as the cord pulls taut and the whole rig rings with the sound of it, the pull knocking everyone off their feet, into walls and into equipment.
"No, and I realised what I had done the moment he said no." John tried to defend.
"For me, that part of our relationship is for us only." John said as he put his mug down, then started to pick up the pictures of Moran.
“Fine, I was stupid.”
"I know." John smiles placing a small kiss to Sherlock’s temple. "Now, are you ready?"
"John..." he got out before John was kissing him again.
Turning to Sherlock he started to cut away the blood stained bandages around his left thigh.
“I know.” He said placing his hand over hers. “Thank you.”
"Right."
"Sherlock?" John lifted his hand to touch Sherlock’s face when the doors opened admitting Moran, Christen and the black eyed man who still had no name.
“Can I kiss you now?” Sherlock suddenly asked.
“Fine, give me the pills, small dose and wake me if he wakes.”
When John woke it was instantly, one second he was lying down the next he was sat up clutching at what ever had been covering him. Eyes wide he looked around until he spotted Sherlock stood at the window but looking at John.
“I am not going to allow you to use yourself as bait Sherlock!”
“I’ve got you.” John’s voice whispered in his ear. The pain had gone and he was led in his bed at Bakerstreet, his head cushioned on John’s chest, with John’s arms wrapped warm and securely around him. “I’ve got you.”
“No idea.”
John started to fight again, pulling as hard as he could against Moran, trying with everything he had to break free while Christen and the other guy started to unhook Sherlock from his IV lines.
"Course you would." John said bitterly. "Am I going to see Sherlock now?"
"Oh."
John quickly followed Sherlock down the hall to find him in John's room.
“Right. Let me grab your bag,” John said, moving away and taking his hands and his warmth with him.
"I'm trying." He finally answered.
"You next Watson." Moran said tilting his head to the door as John looked at him.
“Meaning that at any moment he could wake up and the pain he has been so good at controlling will wake with a vengeance.”
"Lestrade is coming with Mycroft." Sherlock answered as he seemed to reluctantly grab a forth mug.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed but John just lent down and placed a gentle kiss to his temple.
“How did we get away?”
Sherlock suddenly screamed, his back arching up from the bed, his body spasming as tears flowed down his face. The scream carried on and on and then the sound of fists pounding on the front door finally reached John's ears.
Blue, that was one colour. But it wasnt just boring blue like his, it was more a silver blue.
"She is worried about a set back. That you will...she worries about having peole come see you."
For the first time Sherlock smiled and John froze as butterflies invaded his stomache. How had he forgotten that smile?
They led there silently for a time before John whispered three words that caused warmth to spread throughout Sherlock’s body, words he had only ever heard from his parents, words no other had ever muttered to him.
Suddenly pale blue light lit up the outside of the cab. Frowning Sherlock leans forward to look out the window. Something moves quickly pass the sub heading down into the blackness of the abyss, the speed and movement of the object causing the cab to start to spin.
"We should invite someone John feels comfortable with." He finally said after nearly finishing his drink.
"I love you Sherlock Holmes. We will stay together, will continue to work through our problems, and will finally go home and start again."
"I have a proposition for you." She paused for a moment, waited for Sherlock to look at her before she continued. "Stay, as guest. We have family quarters here for when patients need extended therapy with people that mean the most to them. You both need help, and I think keeping you apart would be the worst thing I could do. John showed compassion today, it is the first time he has shown anything other than anger and guilt." She looked at John as he shifted from being unconscious to simply being asleep, something made clear as he moved in Sherlock's arms and sighed as his hand found Sherlock's coat, his fingers clenching around the material.
"I dont think I know."
It is massive, dwarfing Cab One and taking Sherlock by surprise.
“I forgive the meanness, as for the kiss, that’s something we do now right?” As if to test the point Sherlock lifted his hand still holding John’s and kissed the back of John’s hand.
.~.~.~.~.
"And I did, otherwise you wouldn't be here and neither would John."
"So you will still hide, still lie, still deceive?"
“You know don't you?” Sherlock asked.
"Yeah, but it was seventy three hours far too long."
"Oh." He breathed out as he let himself sink to the floor, hot tears run slowly down his face. "You're not real."
“Figured that out for yourself, did you?” Sherlock said, only to be elbowed by John who shook his head slightly.
“He's here.” Sherlock said quietly, his pain, though eased still causing problems when breathing and so he kept his voice small as well as talking pointedly rather than using his usual flare.
"This is good John." She said as she squeezed his arm gently.
"Correct. You seem to ground me. Help me think, you also distract me from you, which is slightly odd but it the truth."
So deep in thought, his feet guiding him on the walk they knew so well, Sherlock wasn’t aware he’d been followed until someone grabbed his bag.
“Hey there.” Fingers ran gently down the side of his face causing his eyes to close as he pushed himself more against the hand. “You had us worried, you have been out of it for two days.”
John frowned then nodded. "Fine, just as long as you didn't go looking without me."
"Good...thats, good." John looked up then and though he felt like he should smile he couldnt.
“Where did…you get it?” John smiled brightly.
The swing doors thundered open and John stilled. Lights flooded the room causing Sherlock’s quietened screams to intensify once again.
“Okay.” John glanced up at Mary, he was worried and he could see the same worry in Mary.
“Ah, yes. Well I guess that’s him.”
"Oh now that is something special." A Marine, named Monk, said coming up next to Molly taking the canister and opening it. "Fluid breathing system. We just got them. We use it if we need to go really deep."
It had been a week since his flashback, in that time he had had three one on one sessions with Cathy, one session with the three of them but none where just he and John could talk between them.
"Do you realise, we are floating in space?" Sherlock had said as he handed John a mug of tea.
"What does he want help with?"
"Yeah, the current pulled me out a bit but I was able to find a safe spot and swam back. By the time I got to a safe place I was that exhusted I passed out. When I woke it was too dark to see so had to wait before I started to climb again." Sherlock reached out then, taking John’s face in his hands. "I am so sorry John."
"I planned everything Sherlock. Going to my sisters, waiting till after Christmas, taking the heroine, having the scalpel ready. Mrs Hudson’s though was a mistake, she was meant to be at her sisters and Mycroft was to find me. But she was home, she heard me fall or something and...I wont forgive myself for that. But everything else I had planned to perfection, only a crazy person would do that."
John didn't care what he wore, a staff member would choose his clothes and he would put them on without a thought. They would also get him to wash, to brush his teeth, his hair. But seriously he would just like to sit and stare at the wall.
"Brain damage? Why on earth would I have brain damage?"
"Yeah..crowbar to the ribs, four, five and six left side broken." John shook his head. "Its a wonder they never punctured a lung."
"No." Cathy interupted. "Off topic John."
.~.~.~.~.
"Pocket?" John frowned.
"John I'm sorry. But I would do it again."
“No.”
“John, turn on your side.” He orders softly, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth as John huffs then turns without waking, an automatic response from the time they had spent together. Letting the smile slip, Sherlock watches as John sleeps peacefully, his face soft and uncaring, the first time it had looked stress free since Sherlock had arrived. Forcing himself to lower his twitching fingers, fingers wanting to run through the greying blond hair he turns and sits back in his chair, his eyes catching Monk watching him. The Marine raises an eyebrow a sly smile on his face, Sherlock simply answers with a shrug and a smile.
The two held each other’s eyes for a few more seconds, John turned away first. "Just take me to him."
"Thank you." The paramedic left and John went about opening things with one hand and his teeth, he then stared to pack the wide open hole in Sherlock’s abdomen.
Sherlock reached up placing a hand on Johns face his own face becoming serious.
Sherlock reached out taking hold of John's hand and pulling him closer. Instantly John's scent assaulted Sherlock’s senses causing his heart to beat faster which then caused his heart monitor to beep causing John and the nurse to look up at the screen.
"He has become rather dependent on you."
"Am I?" Sherlock asked, stepping closer to the armed man. "Your sister, younger than you, it would be easy to poison her drink on a night out. After all, the place she frequents are not exactly the nicest of establishments. Then there's your mother, already a drug addict-"
“Why wasn’t I told?” John asked with a frown.
“Sell it then.”
“You were on a train, an explosion ripped through the carriage we were on. You got hurt, badly. You have had over twenty hours of surgery and where the hell is Doctor Ansari?” John looked up to Mary who was watching Sherlock’s vitals with concern.
"Negative, you can head home."
As she finished one file a knock at her door sounded and John entered with a smile even though he looked exhusted.
Sherlock smile increased. "Yes, Its been fun."
"Oh."
“Just breathe.” John said as Sherlock’s hands wrapped around his wrist.
"Do you think she will ever come again?"
"Yes!" Sherlock greed laughing hard. "But...he had a poison dart!"
The sound of the door opening caused John to turn from were he was watching Sherlock and raise his hand as Cathy walked it. He indicated for her to stop as Sherlock glances her way then looked back to John. Sherlock was sat in the corner of the kitchen, cupboards on either side while John was sat just on the carpet area before it turned to tile for the kitchen.
"For you to enjoy yourself." Sherlock said kissing John's neck.
Silence.
“John?” Mycroft’s voice broke through John’s silent reflection, causing him to spin to look at the elder Holmes.
"Why?"
"Me?" The man asked getting to his feet.
"One day you will know it all, I promise." John whispered as he placed small butterfly kisses over Sherlock’s eyes and cheeks before kissing him again.
Sherlock glared at the Man.
Laughing slightly, he looked down and shook his head.
Sherlock sat up, leaning himself back against the wall and turned to look at the man.
When they did break apart, both of the gasping for air, both of them clutching, clinging, holding the other for dear life John found himself with tears streaming down his face.
"One shot John! Why even design such a flaw!"
They ate in happy silence as New Hope played out on the TV, the meal ending as Han Solo came and shot Vader out of the way allowing Luke to make the shot that blew up the death star.
"I agree. Do you think you can move to the sofa?" John asked as his thumb ran over Sherlock’s cheek.
"Hey." The paramedic returned then dropping his bag and started to cut the rest of the shirt from Sherlock.
"Yeah." He breathed out trying to control his pain.
"He's back under." She whispered as she slowly placed her cup on the table.
“Then I will get us out of here.”
"Yes, especially the heart one. Being up like this can cause problems and so you need to be watched all the more."
"Sounds...p...p...perfect." Sherlock hand clenched at John's wrist again as his body started to shake and the monitor the paramedic had hooked up to Sherlock went off.
That was how this case came to Sherlock’s attention. A mother begging him to help find her daughter, a good girl only in her first year of Uni. For some reason Sherlock had jumped at the case. A week later they had found the daughter as well as dismantling the massive organisation she had found herself held by.
"Where?" He asked as he headed out the door, Cathy raising a hand to Jackson to prevent him from stopping John.
"A history?"
"That's quite all right John, thank you for letting me know. You will of course keep me updated?"
“Him.” John leant down and pointed to a man just getting on the train, he was well dressed his hair dark, a mobile in his hand.
“Yeah, he hurt and nearly killed the man I love.” John throws the now red rag down on the ground and heads towards the exit.
John stood the nail in his hand dropping, but he didn’t care. He had gotten two of the six bolts, it had to be enough. Grabbing the bars she started to pull and push, pull and push, the cage shifting slightly with its new found freedom, even if it only was in the form of two small bolts. Keeping up the momentum John felt as the other bolts started to shift within their concrete prison, felt as they moved, as they destroyed the walls holding them in place. He could do this, he could get out, he really could.
"John..." Sherlock’s red swollen eyes fell on him and more tears started to flow.
Waking up from reliving the explosion was surreal. Once moment he was led on his back, John pressing down hard on his stomach, the next he was sat up with John knelt before him, yet the pain was exactly the same. It was like it really had all happened again. His whole body shook as he tried to do as John ordered, but he couldn’t.
Feeling Sherlock shaking he tightened his grip on him and just muttered senseless words to him.
"That's normal, being led down for so long is not good, and the blood rushing back down into your body can feel odd."
He felt Sherlock take in a deep breath, the air shuddering out of him as he wrapped his arms around John's shoulders and pressed his face into John's hair.
"Transfusion?" He got out after several tries.
“Yes, yes please.”
“It means... whatever happens is up to us.” Coffey says as he pulls out another gun and processed to load that as well.
"I need you to trust me. Can you do that Sherlock? Just trust me?"
small bridge chapter, enjoy.
"Did I now?"
"You know your injuries now; they will translate to your mind." John lowered his book, placing it on the small table before standing and going to kneel before Sherlock. "Here just won’t hurt as much. How are you feeling?"
John got up instantly as did Sherlock.
"I was enjoying myself, before."
“Okay stop, go back to the guy in the hoody.” Mind John said as he turned Sherlock back to the man that had caught his attention. “What was so interesting about him?”
"Your lips are sinful." John uttered as he pulled back slightly, but not enough as when he spoke Sherlock could feel his lips move over his.
When Cathy had suggested having people he knew coming to vist he had agreed instantly. He wanted to see his friends, to try and get back in touch with the likes of Lestrade and Mike. Then Cathy had mentioned Mrs Hudson and he had wanted to say no. He didn't want to face the woman that had found him laying in his own blood,  a needle next to him and a knife in his hand. The image of her stood over him, calling for help had hunted him, it was, after all, ment to be Mycroft that had found him.
"You don't have to Mr Holmes, it is written all over you. You want to save your brother, to help him in the only way you know how, which is to take him away from what is hurting him. To your eyes that pain is caused by John, which is correct in some ways but it is not our main concern anymore. Our main concern now is being able to move forward. They both need to deal with the past, to sort through their problems and the only way they will do that is together. John has proven that by dramaticly improving in the weeks Sherlock has been here. Let me do my job Mycroft, and let these two heal each other or you will lose your brother."
