He shrugged. "I don't know. Stop worrying about not being good enough for each other. Stop being afraid we think the other one's stuck with us. I love you, and though you're absolute shit at saying it, I know you love me—"
about this sort of—"
"Maria Sarah."
"Yeah, you're right. We're married, so the 'love child' thing doesn't actually fit."
outgoing personality was probably a learned behavior rather than something hereditary.
times before and you never listen, but no, it wasn't your fault—"
"And you never will. It's perfectly safe."
Tony sighed a little and pulled back away from Steve. "Yeah, I think she's hungry."
Steve sucked in a breath and pushed himself up to sit beside Tony, and he looked up at Natasha and said, "It's a just-in-case. The boy's name was easy. We knew what we wanted—"
Steve coughed and continued to look at the menus.
"It's… I'm a little confused."
Tony threw an arm out to catch himself, accidentally knocking over a table lamp in the process, and while Steve sat up and rubbed his elbow where he'd hit it against the floor, and Tony frowned at the broken lamp that now sat in pieces on the floor, the others looked over from where they still sat at the table. There was a moment of silence where you could probably hear a pin drop if someone was stupid enough to try it before Barton said a sing-song, "Whatcha doing?"
She nodded her head like that sufficed, and she once again made to put her finger to her lips.
He stepped around the couch and went to carry her over to the door — he probably should see about putting in a changing station down here — but the little results window that had popped up on his computer screen caught his eye. He was too far away to read what it said exactly, and he thought about going over to find out for certain, but he wasn't sure he had the guts or want to do it without Steve, and he looked away from the computer and went over to the door.
Steve cuddled him some more, and he nestled his head against Tony's, burying his face in Tony's hair a moment before he pulled back slightly and said, "What about Hydra?"
"He still thinks of himself as a fella, even though he looks like this."
Tony just stared at him a little before he pointed at the radio and said, "Yeah, that song's, like, forty years old. This is the '70s station. All these songs are forty years old."
He stayed there for he wasn't sure how long, reveling in the time to himself, taking care to soap up a body he hadn't been in contact with in a very long time, which…to be honest was actually kind of weird. Washing down his chest and his junk felt familiar and yet at the same time very foreign to him, and as he stood under the spray and let it hit him square in the face, he realized that, washing his body down, it almost felt like there was something missing — like something didn't seem right or feel right, like something was uncomfortably wrong.
"But here on Earth, it isn't… It's not—"
"Tony, you don't have to do anything you don't want to—"
Tony was quiet a moment, and he nestled a little closer and tightened his arms some and said, "So…would you say that you love me?"
She pursed her lips, a furrow forming between her brows. "Are you sure?"
He finished toweling off, practically rubbing his skin raw with the effort, and he stomped back into the bedroom and, again, made sure to avoid looking at himself in the dresser mirror as he yanked open drawers for underwear and socks and whatever clothes he felt like putting on.
And then, before he could say a word otherwise, Thor pulled away and took several long strides over to the door, quietly letting himself out in a way that was almost uncharacteristic of him.
He sighed and closed the door, not even bothering to hide the fact that he was rolling his eyes. "I don't know," he said and looked at the container. "Pulp free," he read aloud. "Does that sound right?"
"What? No, 'Tony, you're crazy,' or 'Tony, that's insane,' or 'Tony, stop being so superstitious,' or 'Tony, they're children's toys, for god's sake! Just because they come apart doesn't mean that we will!'?"
And then he'd met Tony Stark, who had gotten under his skin from the moment they'd met, who'd irritated him and called him on his bull, and who didn't consider him a fragile relic or kowtow to him like everyone else did. Against his will, he'd found himself drawn to Tony like a magnet to steel, and it was only after the dust had settled, that alliances and friendships had been forged out of the fires of battle, that he realized that his feelings for Tony were much more complicated than he wanted to admit. He did not hate this mad, impossible, genius son of his late friend. He didn't even dislike him.
are. My Steve isn't."
Steve glanced up and smiled at him over his menu, slyly. "And how fortunate I am."
Tony couldn't help the licentious smirk that spread over his lips. "And he knows how to use that size to his advantage, too."
He pressed the button for the elevator, and the doors opened immediately. Evidently, JARVIS was on his side in this.
"Wait, I'm a little confused. Are these good things or bad things? Because you started out with good things, but your tone is telling me these aren't."
earnest about it. "Do you want me to carry you?"
"With Miss Potts? Is that what happened?"
from an alternate universe — a universe where Steve Rogers wouldn't just be attracted to a man but would actually
"Uh…" he said, trying to buy himself just a little bit of time. Was Steve mad? Sad? Angry? Disappointed?
"Man," he said and rubbed at his eyes, "those movies are tough to take when you're not that age."
"Not really. Only because it's like shooting fish in a barrel. Not really much sport or fun in it. It's too easy," he said, but there was a weird crackle of energy to the air, and he frowned and looked around. "Do you feel that?"
"I know," Steve said again, picking up his fork and cutting into his food without taking his eyes off the baby. "God, she's so tiny."
He got up and winced a little as he put weight on his sore feet, and Steve looked up and said, just a hint of panic in his voice, "You're not sticking around?"
"Not gonna be slaying any dragons along the way," Tony said as the doors closed. "Really don't see the need for the ridiculously large hammer there."
He'd noticed she'd sounded a little frazzled and flustered the moment she'd picked up the phone. He'd just assumed she was frazzled and flustered with him. That was usually the way it went, wasn't it?
Not until Steve himself showed up in the lab, and Tony glanced up and said, "Uh, J, what'd we say about letting in just any old riffraff off the street?"
He rolled his eyes and pushed his way into her pad. "No, I mean—" Bagel still in hand, he motioned over himself. "With this."
"Hat?" Barnes asked, earning a strangely relieved reaction from Steve.
"Yeah, you're not going outside of this
," he said and exhaled it in a
. I thought I could
feelings. He gets sensitive about all the straight-up fucking
"I don't remember seeing you there," Tony said, and Welch sniffed at him.
Steve dribbling the orange juice into his mouth.
"Keep up my strength? I'm eating for two now?"
Tony winced at the shout and the way it cut straight to the dull throb in his head. "First, ow. What did I say about a headache? Second, hey, wanna shout it a little louder? My parents' corpses didn't quite hear it." He scoffed and added, "Jesus, Howard's spinning in his grave over this."
"I am not disgusted by you, if that's what you think. Clearly, I am not disgusted by the idea of sharing body fluids with you. It's just the principle of the thing, Steve. That is perfectly good orange juice that you're backwashing into!"
He filled in 'his' name and social security number and date of birth at the top then looked down to the next line and saw 'primary care physician.' Again, he itched to write 'Bruce Banner' but instead stuck with 'N/A.' Again, the bullshit with the pharmacy, and then—
He shrugged some but said nothing, and Pepper frowned again and said, "But why? I mean, why is she forcing you to do this?"
"You're deliberately misreading my intention," Steve said in that same matter-of-fact tone. "I was not calling you
"Aw, that's sweet, honey, but that was yesterday."
Sometimes, Steve, that overgrown sap, was the perfect embodiment of 'You can take the boy out of the '40s…'
to celebrate the hell out of your birthday."
Tony frowned and turned to him. "Hey, I thought we agreed—"
Bruce looked like he'd rather discuss anything but that. "Yeah, I'm…happy for you, Tony."
"Yeah? Then what's it about, Steve?"
, not an
"I really don't think it's fair to compare those two," he said with a pointed look in Tony's direction.
"The actual you putting your dick in me and filling me with a metric ton of come? No, that's all on you, babe."
"Are you sure?" Steve asked as Tony pulled away the scraps of dough. "That might exceed my abilities."
He went quiet a moment and pondered something. "Guess maybe Pepper had a point."
Bruce just shook his head sadly. "I can't do that, Tony. It's… It's a baby, Tony. A fetus."
But Steve just shook his head and said, "I shouldn't be here."
Bruce just shrugged. "Look, you're not going to deliver in the next five minutes, but you're probably looking at within the next day. I'll come up and check on you in a bit — do an exam to see what we're dealing with here."
He stared at her, watching as she hopped the rest of the way then collapsed next to the toys, setting her little Cap doll down beside her as she picked up some connector blocks.
," Bruce murmured, and Tony made a gabbing motion with his hand and then waved him off in annoyance. Whatever this brat had to say he neither cared nor was buying it.
"Yeah," Steve said and shot him an amused look, "I'm calling to book a doctor's appointment at eleven-thirty at night. We'll call in the morning."
He pursed his lips and clamped his mouth shut, and Tony watched as he swallowed like he was swallowing down his fears and apprehensions.
"I think that's kind of what you were going for."
"You and me, babe," he murmured. "Forever and always."
. But...you know...just in case it was necessary.
"Yeah, Tones, you hear the way that little blabbermouth talks about you? You and Cap—"
Tony let out a faux gasp. "
"Because the prevailing theory is that it's a splinter Hydra sect—"
even know all this?"
"What for?" Tony asked before Steve could.
Tony glanced at Steve. "At least he thinks the life support rumors are bullshit, too."
"You people feed off our residual energy," Tony said, and Thor looked at him in amusement. "I suppose that is one way of putting it."
He tried to catch a glimpse of the person in the reflection of the glass, but the lighting wasn't good
," JARVIS replied. "
He nodded once more, smiling in resigned teary gratitude, and she gave him another hug and said, "Just worry about having this baby. We'll worry about everything else, OK?"
"'Better or worse, sickness and health, forever and ever,'" Tony intoned with a shrug.
daughter."
"So, we're alone?"
"Huh?"
He hesitated to say he was in love with Tony. He didn't know him all that well. Hell, he didn't even know his last name. But then, he'd never actually
, and I could be talking crazy here, but you could go to a real doctor."
Tony peered closer to check for a hint of green, and when he saw none, he pressed on. "
, someone's excited."
Seemingly satisfied, Steve left the bandstand and rejoined Tony, smiling a little sheepishly like he was proud of what he'd done but at the same time nervous.
He huffed and rolled his eyes before he squared his shoulders and stormed off the car and onto the floor. "I mean it," he muttered as he brushed roughly past Steve. "I swear to god if you call me that again, you're sleeping on the couch."
"I know, babe, I know," he said and turned back to him. "But all I keep thinking is that someone else is deciding my fate
Rhodey was the one that said it to him, said that he was
After washing up and getting his clothing situated again, Tony went back into the bedroom where Steve was just shrugging into his tuxedo jacket, bowtie already fastened. He grabbed his keys and his wallet from the dresser and said, "Guess we should get going."
life?
He sighed and trailed off as he ran a hand through his hair. This was not the sort of weirdness he'd pictured back in Calcutta at all.
Steve went pale. "Tony," he said, slow and unsure, "you heard Bruce. You know what he said."
Steve dunked another fry. "They were wax coated," he said and stuffed it in his mouth. "They were good for a little bit," he said through the bite, "but then they'd get soggy, and I had a habit of chewing on mine."
Oh, but they had noticed, and they had drawn the same conclusion the other freeloading moochers had. It was a boy. They were having a boy.
"What question?"
after he'd been turned. After JARVIS had done his body scan, after he'd read out the results, after he and Steve had come to the understanding that he was now a
"That's
ago!"
"I don't—" he started to say, but Tony stepped onto the elevator and said, "It's not really that interesting."
"But Midgard can rest assured knowing its champion will be around to defend it for many years to come."
"You're impossible. Has anyone ever told you that? Another subway grate. Watch out."
Wilson scoffed. "Please. Always look on the bright side of life."
He shrugged. "Comes and goes. Haven't really been paying attention."
"Why wouldn't I?"
Tony blinked his eyes open and heaved out a sigh. "Yeah," he said and rubbed his cheek on Steve's shoulder. "Not sure I'm ready to think about
. He killed my parents. He fucking
"It was a gimmick," Tony muttered and went back to his cookies.
The conception could be no later than March for a December birth, he figured, but he didn't feel like going that far into detail. It wasn't like she would give him a definitive answer, anyway.
"Tony, that wasn't you. That was all—"
"Ah! What did I say? No words. Now—"
"The waiter's coming back over. Did you pick out what you want yet?"
IDs, and I'm not going anywhere until my fiancé and I are issued a marriage license if I have to form a sit-in to do it!"
Barnes nodded his understanding. "You got it, Chief," he said, the words sounding like gravel in his throat. "And before you ask, no."
"Sure!" Steve called back, and Tony exhaled a relieved breath.
But Barnes shook his head. "I watched that building come down. They showed it live on TV. I watched it come down. Steve was in there. There's no way he could have survived that."
Barton pushed his soggy cereal around his bowl some more. "Why don't you just donate them to a good cause like a women's shelter or something?"
"Really?"
"Pep, you don't have to—"
"You stay home with me 'n' Maddie, but if the 'vengers need Iron Man, then you go down in your lab and you do it 'motely, 'n' Maddie 'n' me hafta be real quiet 'n' not cause trouble when you do that 'cuz y' hafta concentrate."
She strode along his line of sight, the skirt of her gown swooshing in glittery movement.
loved him and cherished him and would do anything for him, and this baby was going to know the same.
"Look, lady, maybe
He set the hot mug down in front of Bruce's plate as Olivia pouted and muttered, "Friday
But not this crew.
Steve chuckled and cut in, "Wait, hold on, are you saying what happened to you doesn't count as—"
"So, what, you have, like, this whole other life?"
It was said just as they were going to bed, on an increasingly rare occasion where Tony was still awake when Steve was finally ready to turn in for the night, Steve sitting on his side of the bed, a contemplative look on his face that bordered on sad. Tony, stuck for anything genuinely soothing or supportive to say thanks to the increasing fog enveloping his brain, just said, "I don't think he
"What about dinner, huh?" Tony asked, and Steve realized he was getting a little overworked and cranky. "I didn't know we were feeding the crew. Barton went to 'flip houses.' Bruce is gone to visit a cousin. I thought the rest of them were going somewhere, too. Why isn't Thor with his girlfriend? What the hell is Wilson still doing here? I thought he was going to visit his mother?"
"Yeah, that's not helpful, pal," Barton said.
"You're really grossed out by the prospect of my saliva? After the things we've done?"
Tony followed her on, followed by Natasha, Rhodey, and Steve last, and together, they rode the elevator in silence down to the floor the conference was being held on. Tony watched the numbers drop, something in the pit of his stomach getting tighter the closer they came, and he swallowed down the bile that was threatening to rise in his throat, finding for the first time in many, many years that he was actually…nervous about what was going to happen. Because he didn't know what was going to happen, and unlike in the past, he kind of cared about what was going to happen. Because it wasn't just him anymore. It was Steve and the Avengers and, whether he wanted to admit it or not, the little acrobat that had gladly settled down for his afternoon nap (and Tony suddenly realized he wished
"Yeah?" he muttered, surprising himself by the amount of desperate want he had to feel that again. He didn't know why. It wasn't something he should… He wasn't supposed to want this. "When?"
Olivia — would grow to adore her 'Unca Bucky' and 'Anna Tasha' as much as the other Olivia quite obviously had.
"Do you have a name for her?"
"No, it's on you for being an idiot. Get out of my kitchen and go put a fresh diaper on my baby."
at some point, and that… Yeah, no, not thinking about that. Not going in that direction. Nope. Nope. Nope.
"Well, the price definitely is," Hill said and turned the tag over to reveal a price of around $1400. "But for last-minute, there's not much you can do."
He dropped his hand, and Steve stayed quiet a moment before he smiled a little and said, "Nat?"
Maybe he was getting a little
"You flipped a coin for the middle name. You have to make sure your girl's name is perfect."
Iron Man.
He leaned his head back against the headrest and continued to watch Steve, gazing at his profile, following the sharp contours of his nose and his lips and his chin. He watched as Steve swallowed again and moistened his lips and said, "Sorry."
He scowled a little and went to dump the finely-ground coffee into the garbage disposal, but Tony grumbling, "Did I marry the paragon of American virtue or the fucking leader of a biker gang?" reverberated in his mind, and he stopped just short of dumping them in the disposal and went over to the garbage can and dumped them in there.
Hill checked her watch. "Just about," she said and looked at Natasha, who looked at Rhodey, who stared at his phone a moment then said, "Yep, they're good," and stood up. He moved to stand beside Tony, and he gave him another glance-over and said, "Lookin' good, Tones."
"Mmm…no. Stick to what you're best at."
But he shook his head. "You didn't know me back then, Steve. I was...
Steve sighed and watched as Sam and Bucky began to deposit the boxes of elegantly wrapped gifts beneath the tree...somewhere... There really wasn't that much room left.
Tony nodded, slowly, taking in what Barnes was telling him. "So, there's a book."
when you see me. You can't, can you?"
? She has a
Tony stayed.
Steve marveled a little at the way Tony's mind worked, the way he was able to jump so effortlessly from one track to another. "I'm pretty sure they're closed now."
Steve buttoned and zipped then moved so he was crowding into Tony's space, and he took Tony's face in his hands and tilted his head up at him. "But you've dealt with it far better than I ever could," he murmured and stroked his thumbs very gently over Tony's blush-highlighted cheekbones. "I really am just so proud of you."
He let out another soft and breathy moan.
They exchanged another wary glance, and Esmeralda rolled her eyes and tutted a few times.
"Body's a little different," Steve said as a valet approached his door. "Brace yourself."
Bruce just looked at what was on the screen. "Yeah, well, if it's what I'm seeing and what Barton's seeing—"
Jesus Christ. Tony had just been turned into a woman by a mysterious being that had shown up at the end of a battle that Steve was certain she'd had nothing to do with, and all Steve could think about was how attractive he found Tony and how much he really, really,
"Me and Steve? Fine. Never better."
"OK," he said and shot a pointed look at Steve, "I'm not the only one that's hungry here."
"Who says—?"
"This isn't something you should be
"Maybe," Steve murmured, and Tony stopped himself from imagining the worst a split second before the thought would have formed in his mind and instead jumped off his chair and made his way over to Steve.
that.
"Fingerprints," Steve suggested suddenly, like he hadn't been listening to the past few minutes of conversation.
"I promise I'll be good. I'll even pretend to be interested."
Tony was already there, lying on his side of the bed, on his side, his arms folded in a pout like he thought this was completely stupid but he was humoring Steve regardless. Steve smirked at him before he went around to his side of the bed and climbed in, and he shuffled around a bit before he scooted over and spooned up behind Tony, throwing an arm over his side and another above his head.
It was only a few blocks difference between the Tower and the hotel the Foundation was holding the gala at, but the traffic in Midtown was especially busy that evening, and hitting the right cross streets to make the turn onto Park took almost half-an-hour in and of itself. Not that Tony minded. It was less time he had under the watchful gaze of prying eyes and more time to spend with Steve, who was a little too fast-and-easy with the preset switch on the steering wheel for the radio. He perked up a little when he hit on the '40s station, switching up the volume as Tony read the screen on the dashboard and saw it was Artie Shaw's version of 'All the Things You Are.' Steve tapped out the rhythm on the steering wheel and hummed out the tune, and he glanced over at Tony, and once Tony had met his eye, he winked at him before he turned his attention back to the road and crept through an intersection, the light above them burning green as the taillights ahead of them glowed red.
"First of all, Steve is not dead, and second— Goddamn it, J! Open the fucking doors! I know what I'm fucking doing here!"
He swallowed. Yeah, this…this was going to get awkward at some point. "Same thing," he said and hoped she didn't detect the unease and hesitance in his voice. "Just the one time."
He made some weird 'witchy'-type hand gesture at that, and Steve just stared at him flatly before he pushed himself to his feet and brushed off his jeans.
credit cards — including an Iron Man red and gold American Express with absolutely no limit that they made special for me — my Blue Cross insurance card, and last but not least," he slapped the last one down, "my Avengers' ID card."
"I didn't say that. I just said you're having a little
—" he pointed at Steve, "—are going to take me out for the biggest, best breakfast my ill-gotten gains can buy. But you're the one that's actually going to hand over the dough because you're a gentleman like that."
"What do you know about cleanup?" he muttered and turned back to the formula once more. "Fuck, what a pain in the balls."
God, the names he would have to live with from now on. Those stupid and sexist epithets — the ones that got Steve all riled up and got his jaw to do that thing it did where you just knew he was grinding his teeth down to the gums. Jesus, the 'Merchant of Death' tag was easier to live with than that. At least there had been some truth to that. Once upon a time. A little while ago.
"All right, well, again, talking about this later. Uh—" He motioned to the downed agent on the floor beside them. "Would he or whoever he's with have any knowledge of—"
Bruce stared at his arm a moment then said, "Isn't that what you said to Steve that got you into all this trouble to start with?"
"Did she ever say who her mother was?"
"Hey," Steve said, his voice still taking on a gentle tone, "no it's not. You really want to get married?"
Steve flattened his mouth and raised an eyebrow.
"I don't see why not."
"I neglected to say
He groaned once again and opened his eyes, and he glanced to the side to see a small face and big, dark eyes staring back at him.
"Just look miserable, Stark. Doesn't meant that I am," he replied and took a sip. He glanced to the side and added, "Oh, good, the old man of the table is back."
it was—"
each other."
He shrugged and began to rework his equation. "Whatever. You hungry? I think I'm hungry. J, when's the last time I ate?"
Knowing the only way to fight fire was with more fire, Steve got into the digital age, attempting to combat #JabbatheSlut with the more regal-sounding #LadyLiberty. Which was…sweet, but kind of lame-sounding, no matter how proud of it Steve was or even if some people had actually taken the bait — and not just the other Avengers under assumed handles and avatars reblogging and retweeting positive things about Captain America's very pregnant paramour. Though they did. A lot. Maybe they had more fun with it than they should have?
the father."
"Shirking their duty," Steve said, voice flatter than Tony had ever heard it.
"Aw, man!" Barton whined and made a face. "You're not trying that again, are you? I told you last week, it doesn't
He loved that even as a woman, he was still a little taller than Natasha. He didn't often get to use his height to his advantage.
It wasn't easy to clean up without touching himself — well, maybe more without getting himself off — but he soldiered through and made it without coming, and that victory behind him, he stepped out and toweled off and hissed only the slightest bit as he brushed the cotton over the most sensitive and straining of areas. But he didn't want to be soaking wet and sticking himself inside of Tony, so he dried off as well as he could, taking care not to ensure any premature what-have- yous. That would...really put a damper on things.
"What do you mean 'how'? However they usually do it. Stick a coat hanger up there or something!"
were to happen to the Chancellor that the kingdom would fall into turmoil."
"Yeah, well,
He shook his head, breaking the gaze with the woman fifty-years-dead and turned to see Bruce waving him over. He left the odd connection with the dead woman and followed over to where Bruce was standing in front of a portrait of Jimi Hendrix, who, yeah, was awesome, Tony had to admit, but Tony didn't really care about the so-called 'artistry' in a black-and-white photograph.
Tony grunted and, from some wellspring deep within, found the strength to shove the guy off of him, startling the loser as he stumbled back a little and fell into someone that had just exited the men's room.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
And then he felt two small arms wrap around his neck and a small, soft cheek press against his. He blinked and involuntarily put his arms around the small body, hugging it close and feeling a weird sort of protectiveness come over him. Six months ago, he wouldn't have believed anything like this could happen — that some kid would pop into his lab and claim to be his and he would believe it without several weeks of thorough analysis. But that was before dead super soldiers from the '40s had come back to life and gods from other realms had come to do battle on their planet and weird alien wormholes had opened up over the skies of midtown Manhattan. It was before he'd ventured into another world — something that still gave him nightmares and anxiety and he was
," JARVIS replied without hesitation.
Barton's grin went so wide it almost split his head in half. "It is!" he crowed.
Tony, still leaning against the back of the couch, glared at the side of Barnes's head and said, "Yeah, can we
"I do not
IDs issued for your…new identity."
," Barnes said with a groan and rolled his eyes. He rubbed a frustrated hand over his face then stared square at Tony. "I know what you told Nat about you and Steve being 'soul mates,' and that's— Look, that's— I'm happy for you. For both of you. I don't know if it means anything, but I— I'm glad Steve found someone that thinks that well of him. But—"
"OK."
"I am not completely incompetent. Cooking is about creation. It's about making things. I can make things."
had been liking his sweets as of late.
Wilson's eyes went wide. "No shit," he murmured then looked between Tony and Steve. "Damn, so he's—"
But Steve just continued to laugh and said, "Did you swallow?"
"Harder, Steve," Tony all but moaned in a breathy whisper beneath him. "Harder."
"Aren't you going to bed, too?"
It was for things like this that a part of him thought or wondered, for few and brief moments, if whatever had happened in that other universe (because there was just no way it was his actual, real future; it couldn't be; not with no arc reactor and a daughter not named 'Maria') could actually happen here. Or, if not that exact future, then something like it. Because Rhodey was right. It was much easier to tell himself that it wasn't real, that it couldn't happen, that it wasn't his life than it was to admit that there was a part of him deep down that
Barnes just looked between him and Steve. "Does he talk?"
He rolled his eyes. "What about the other one then? Making me...mortal. Like I'm not already."
"Hmm…oh, you mean that little shit, Steve Rogers?"
Barnes and Bruce turned around without issue. Natasha gave him a sly little smile but still turned around and afforded him some modicum of privacy. To be honest, he actually wasn't bothered by Natasha's presence. He'd been practically naked in front of her before. But Bruce or the man that was, for all intents and purposes, his husband's
. He wasn't quite sure if the voice was similar or not. He thought maybe it was, but then again, he was trying to remember back
"Yeah?"
But he just looked at her pointedly and said, "And we're in twenty-eighteen, right?"
"Tell her we're busy, J," Tony said as he shucked his sleep shorts and his underwear.
"Recollections?  Of what?"
"Tony!" Steve called out behind him, and he turned just as he hit the elevator to see Steve standing just outside the kitchen.
"Got it," he said and powered up the gauntlets. He winced at a cramp in his abdomen and the ever-present ache between his legs, and as he stuck a comm piece in his ear with a shaky hand, he asked, "Where can I be the most help?"
or the pregnancy?"
"Tony—"
Tony just made a face, and he turned some in Steve's embrace so he could look up at him, brow furrowed and lips thinned into a partial grimace. But Steve smiled at him, and he said, "It's Christmas. Told ya. First Christmas I've had in a long time with a family of my own. Kinda...I don't know... Just... Something nice I'd like to keep around for a long time to come."
Tony seemed to stand there a moment, arms still folded and breasts still holstered up, as he evidently contemplated Steve's admission, and he nodded and said, "Well, to tell you the truth, I don't know what's going on, but I've been desperate to have you inside me in places that never before existed for me since, like, the second I opened my eyes after that...weird...chick did whatever she did to me, so..."
"You and Cap just had to try it out the old-fashioned way, didn't you?" Barton said with a pat to his shoulder, and Tony glared at him a moment before he turned back to Bruce.
like a woman, he, you know,
"Where are you going?" Steve asked in confusion.
"You're welcome," Bruce said, somehow sounding unsure — not that he didn't mean it but that he wasn't sure it was the right thing to say.
Neither, a voice from the back of his mind supplied. Barnes.
Steve had his gaze focused on the sleepy and nourished baby now cradled back in his arms, and he smiled a little and said, "So, we end up with another one of these, huh?"
"Stark! I need a fix!" he called out, and Natasha rolled her eyes as Barton met up with them. He dropped the bow on the table in front of Tony, seemingly unconcerned with the fact that Tony was now quite noticeably in possession of two 'X' chromosomes. "Something went screwy and got fried when I tried to use it."
Natasha went to retrieve it for him, but Barnes got there before she could, and he grabbed the mostly-full half gallon container and twisted off the top then proceeded to guzzle it, tipping his head back as he chugged it down, somehow still able to glare at Wilson as he did so.
"I had a feeling you might. You're more of a sap than you let on."
Steve huddled closer to the ground and squeezed his eyes shut, trying his best to block out the murmurs and hums of seasonal tunes that surrounded him. It was his turn to get some shut-eye, and though he'd begun to suspect he didn't need as much as his fellow Commandos, he also wasn't about to turn down a few hours of down time if he could manage it.
Steve turned his glare on her but didn't say anything.
Rhodey just gave him a look as though to say, 'Are you kidding me?' then turned back to Wilson. "Why?"
"Look, Tony," Bruce said, and Tony pulled his hands away from his eyes at the note of unease and hesitance he heard in Bruce's voice.
Natasha nodded. "Which is why Bruce had put you on bed rest."
Tony faux gasped. "You?
"It's not!"
It was in Steve to frown and fight Tony on that. Ask him, again, if he was sure and apologize once more for good measure. But he decided to take Tony at face-value on that for a change, and he smiled and nodded and said a quiet, "OK."
there — as having his husband there, the father of the very child he was giving birth to. He didn't get to have
Tony hummed and said, "You're forgiven this— Baby, what are you—? You can't just take from the bottom of the pile like that."
with the
"He means the one from the Little Rascals," Rhodey said, and Natasha made a face of wry amusement.
future me. Well, I mean, I'm the past version of future me. I think I'd know what future me is thinking better than you, and right now, I don't think there's any problem with us discussing my future self's sex life — or lack thereof."
Tony only said, "Technically, sure."
would you even bring up that giant boner-killer at a time like this?"
"Only with the fundamentalist assholes that think you can't date a guy and set a good moral example at the same time. Fuck 'em, Steve. Fuck 'em, I say! Only don't because you're only allowed to do that with me."
"Nah," Rhodey said, swirling his glass some to get the watered-down remnants of liquor and ice to slosh around a bit, "I think that one might have looked kind of cute. You were looking kind of indignant, Steve was kind of smiling — kind of the way you usually look at each other. I mean, no one's gonna put two-and-two together about who you really are, but at least it still looks cute."
"Well," he said and turned to the small bag he carried with him, "I promised you money for these," he said and pulled out the checkbook for his personal account. He slapped it on the table and pulled out a pen, and he jotted down the date and began to write out 'Other Tony' on the payable line but stopped himself right before he was about to write out the 'O' and said, "Uh, spell your last name?"
"Captain America is a slob that can't be bothered to load a dishwasher."
Steve, never one to take a hint he didn't approve of, just said, "You know, you really should try to support her better," and reached out his hands in an attempt to readjust Barnes's hold on her to something more in keeping with Captain America's high standards.
Barnes shrugged.  "Buck's fine."
Tony just leaned over and pressed his face into Steve's shoulder and let the tears soak through the material, his breasts leaking and soaking through his shirt in the process. Which…well, didn't that just say everything about this?
Steve and Sam exchanged 'hellos' with her after the happy couple had finished their greeting, and once they had, Sam asked, "What do you mean he does?"
"Hey!"
Steve didn't say anything, but Tony could feel the disapproval coming through the comm. Or maybe that was the 'bond' that nutcase claimed they shared. In any case, Tony knew Steve wasn't too thrilled with the comparison, but he ignored it and instead fought to get closer to the building where JARVIS informed him their metal-armed target still was hiding out, and the read of the heat signatures, of course, had him in a part of the building that would be difficult to access.
It wasn't because he disliked Tony or didn't trust Tony. He liked Tony — and probably more than he wanted to admit to himself — and he trusted him. He wouldn't have come to depend on him out in the field if he didn't. No, this wasn't a reflection on Tony; it was all on him.
Oh, he damned well knew there was a difference, but he was playing deliberately obtuse because, to be perfectly honest,
, you sure they're not just really possessive and greedy people? I have honest-to-god had Stark threaten me with a fork because he thought I was about to take the last piece of sausage at breakfast."
hungry. Kind of like that squawking little noisemaker in your arms."
"Then what? Tony, I didn't break up with you because I stopped loving you; I broke up with you because I thought it was the right thing to do for both of us. I know now it was stupid. I know I should have talked to you. I wish I had. But hindsight is 20/20, and there's nothing we can do about the past. We can only worry about what happens going forward. I love you, I've always loved you, and I always will love you. Seven years has done nothing but make me realize how stupid I was. I only ever wanted to make you happy, and right now, all I want to do is get you home and get you out of those wet clothes before you get sick. But if after tonight — if after whatever happens tonight, you still can't trust me? You're afraid I could still hurt you? Then it doesn't matter how I feel. You can walk away, and I won't stop you. You think it didn't hurt when I left you? It hurt more than you could imagine, and I had a…tough time of it afterward. I got into a bad relationship. Yeah, I said it. I was in a relationship with some asshole that would probably have killed me if I'd stayed with him any longer. I haven't even admitted that to Buck or Sam, but I'm telling you because I trust you, and I always have."
Steve just glanced up from his tablet again and gave Bucky a
"Doesn't matter," Steve said with a curt shake of his head. Something popped up on his tablet, and he turned his attention away from the folder and swiped at the screen to read it. Tony just went back to slathering the other half of his bagel with cream cheese, and Steve clicked his tongue in disgust and said, "Where did this expression 'baby mama' come from?"
"Steve likes brunettes that don't take any of his shit. He likes brown eyes — he's always liked brown eyes. Thinks they're mysterious and soulful or something corny like that. That Peg Carter was just — I thought he'd struck gold with her. Goddamn, she was a good-looking woman. But smart and didn't take any of his shit. He was gone for her. Fuck, he was— I mean, I'm not trying to make you feel bad here. I'm just tryin'a say you are
Bucky scoffed and began to follow Sam back to the elevator. "Yeah, I'm gonna let Thor in on a secret stash of food so he can eat it all on me. I'm not that much of an idiot. I make no promises about Natalia, though."
"—you just need a good, stiff
"When this is all supposed to be over. I didn't— I never did the— I guess I didn't think about it, really." He blinked and looked at Steve. "Do I have an actual
, Natasha?"
Steve stole a glance over at him as he snapped the box shut. "Well, my date kinda looks like a knockout. Don't want to embarrass him in front of the guests."
," to him.
Tony smiled and reached up and pressed a kiss to his lips, and from somewhere behind him, he heard Barton groan and muttered, "Well, that's it. I've finally gotten diabetes from those two. If you'll excuse me, I have to go get a shot of insulin before I go into some sort of sugar shock."
Tony couldn't honestly say that presumption wasn't right.
He wondered if Tony's Steve felt the same way.
"Like Steve?" Tony suggested, and he and Barnes finally met each other's eyes again, and they held each other's gazes a moment before Tony shrugged and added, "First of all, I don't have to forgive
Steve shot him another look.
Hill took the tablet back, and Tony said, "I guess I could call a press conference. Tell the world 'Natasha Carbonell' is really Tony Stark."
He put his hands on Tony's shoulders and pulled him into his space, leaning down to brush his lips against Tony's temple then his forehead, cheeks, nose, and finally mouth. Tony stood there like a stone statue and allowed him, swallowing to keep his composure, keeping his eyes open and staring ahead at the wall to keep from melting into it.
"Can I ask you something?"
"Whatever," he said and shook his head some, "the point is...I — I can't stop— I can't give this up. I have no right to give this up."
Barton shrugged. "He'll live." He nodded at the powerless Iron Man suit. "What are we supposed to do with that?"
"Swell," he muttered. Twenty minutes felt long enough to him. And he was actually still a little tired. "Have they all been weeded out and rounded up?"
a veritable 'You're an idiot' look. "What?"
let alone his whole life. He honestly wasn't sure how he hadn't gone crazy with that knowledge yet.
," he murmured, thinking about the horrible mess of things that was going on down in Tony's lab right at that moment. Clearly, though, they'd been married for as long as she'd been aware. "And you all live here?" he asked, trying to get as much information from her as possible.
this isn't because you're setting up the baby's room?" Steve asked as he dipped a paintbrush into a small container of paint.
"I want you to be mine," he finally whispered to him, "now and forever. I want you to want to be mine."
. They were
He took hold of Steve by his shoulders, his fingers digging in and looking for the purchase he never again thought he'd have, and he looked over his husband and laughed, tears blurring his vision, before he threw his arms around him and pressed tight against him.
"That's what I said!"
"I find it's quite rude to eavesdrop on other people's private conversations, don't you?"
Tony made a 'pfft' sound. "Please," he said and hit the accelerator when the light turned green, "Steve Rogers? If he thought it would help
He huffed and rolled his eyes. "OK, maybe it was a mistake not even bothering to look into a prenup." He thought about it a moment then said, "How would you feel about signing a postnup?"
Steve had offered to help. Tony said he'd call him if he needed anyone to burn the cookies for him. Steve would have taken offense, but even he could admit Tony had a point.
"Yeah?" Tony mused and poured two mugs of coffee. "Don't worry. You will."
"They're going to be all over us for this," Pepper murmured. "There's going to be an injunction now. No question."
"You're
They went to the
perfect. Size, placement, activity, just a very, very healthy baby."
know —
Steve. Not just because he was handsome, and not just because he was kind and generous, and not at all because he knew there existed another world where a Tony and a Steve had gotten married and forged a family together (though that did help give him the nudge he'd needed to admit his feelings for Steve were not as platonic or as antagonistic as he'd originally thought). It was because for the first time, he felt as though he'd truly found someone that was an equal to him — not in terms of brain power or science or anything like that, but in terms of drive, energy, and spirit. Steve was someone that was not afraid to stand up to him, did not feel the need to humor him just to shut him up (well, on the stuff that mattered), or blatantly ignore him when he felt Tony had gone off the deep end. He listened to what Tony had to say, took it into consideration, and, when needed, pushed back against whatever he felt was unnecessary or stupid. Which, admittedly, was a lot because Steve Rogers was that. Fucking. Stubborn.
" He sat back in a slight huff. "What the fuck? We don't need a birthing class! First, any questions we might have could be easily answered by JARVIS. Second, what's there to know? It's the most natural thing in the world, isn't it? Isn't that what they say? What the hell do we need a class for?"
Pepper just shook her head and led Tony back out onto the street, and they were just about to cross to the car waiting there when that same voice from inside the shop said, "Natasha Carbonell."
The little girl still babbling in his arms, he adjusted her so he was holding her with only one arm then reached out a free hand to the bookcase.
This fetus didn't just have the potential to be a child with his eyes and Steve's never-say-die attitude. This fetus could very much be a weapon. Wasn't Steve, when it came down to it, a weapon? One with autonomy and free will, maybe, but still a weapon. He was designed as a weapon. A super soldier, the pinnacle of human perfection, a man with one job and one mission in life: to soldier, to kill. It was a miracle no one had yet nabbed him and tried to stud him for a little legion of super soldiers, ones with Steve's strength but none of his will. That could be programmed out of them.
She nodded. "Every last one of them."
"Tony, you're a fella. There's no place for this to—" he made a squeamish face and an odd hand gesture, "—come out of. It's not going to— We need Thor. We'll get in touch with Thor. Bruce said he's been spending time with Dr. Foster. We'll contact her and see if she can put us in touch with—"
sound awful! 'Stogers' sounds like 'stodgy,' and I am anything
Fuck, even the Cap would have gotten what he wanted without it being so obviously telegraphed.
Sam didn't seem too pleased by the digression, turning to Bucky and saying an unimpressed, "Really?"
"What are you offering to make?"
good," he said, clicking buttons every so often, pushing the wand over Tony's belly some more for some tortuous reason.
Bruce looked at him blandly. "You couldn't have JARVIS run a DNA scan?"
But not this morning.
had done this to him — not that nutcase from the stars but
"Babe, I'm not trying to be a dick. Or, actually, maybe in my case a
song."
"And five hundred of our closest friends."
," he growled and grabbed hold of Tony's wrist so hard and so tight that Tony cried out because
Steve's eyes went wide, his eyebrows raising halfway up his forehead.
He sat back in his chair and folded his arms so they rested between his breasts and his belly.
Steve was already up and out of the bed — Tony assumed him to be the one making the noise in the kitchen — so he couldn't use Steve's strong and solid form for leverage. Not that he
Tony glanced at the baby for only a moment before he looked back up at her and said, "You seem to forget that there
Natasha, however, took Bruce up on the suggestion to look, and she took a gander and arched an eyebrow then said, "So, that's what it looks like."
"You trying to tell me something?"
since January— And do
She looked up at him, sharp, like she was testing him. "And does he?"
think I'd use him for anything more than a pump-and-dump?"
"Hundred percent serious. You take care of him, but you also give him the ass-kicking he needs. That's all his ma could have ever asked for."
"No, but you handle it a damn sight better than probably just about anyone else in your position. Hell, I'm not the same person I was five years ago — and I don't just mean because I've got tits and a vagina and am quite obviously pregnant with a previously dead man's child."
JARVIS was still playing some Christmas music, low and unobtrusive, and something warm and comforting flowed through his entire body as his ears caught the soothing croon of Nat King Cole singing his version of 'The Christmas Song.' There was something familiar and homey about the whole enterprise — the decorations and the music and the time of night and the knowledge that his baby girl was upstairs safely sleeping in her crib — and for the absolute first time in his life — not just his time in the future but his entire life — he felt at peace with himself and with the world. He couldn't solve every problem or fight every battle. He couldn't do anything more than his best and hope that he was the good man Erskine had taken him for all those years ago. But he was safe and secure and happy—
"Even if he wants nothing more than to provide for you — to allow you the freedom to pursue your interests?"
He landed with a hard and painful thump that knocked the wind out of him, and he couldn't even maneuver the arms to trigger the manual-release latches. He could still feel his extremities, which was a good thing, though he'd probably be achy as fuck for the next couple days. He sighed out loud and said, "Well, hopefully they don't just leave me here."
Steve's heart stopped. No, not yet. Just a little longer. The night. He'd promised Steve the night.
Oh, sure, he gave them weapons and a place to stay rent-free (in
"Nope! That's how we even found out about this whole thing to begin with. Brucie ran an ultrasound on me and found something there that should not ever, ever,
," he amended with a roll of the eyes. "Look, I'm actually feeling good for the first time in months, I'm going stir-crazy in this place, and I want to go out for a night on the town with my sexy super soldier fiancé. Now, I totally know how to make myself look good in my other body, but this one, yeah, I haven't quite figured out yet, and you and the other two seemed to do OK with me last night. So, you know, any pointers you have would be great."
"It was…kind of easy to tell. The way you two were at the cabin, the argument on the side of the road, it was kind of…"
Tony groaned and rubbed a hand over his face, and Bruce murmured, "Go easy on the kid. She is your daughter."
been said. "You didn't want to. Listen to him, I mean."
"Do you
"Wanna bet?" He motioned Steve back out of the room. "You can play later," he said as he pulled the door so it was only opened a fraction once more. "My ears are still ringing from that shit she pulled last week."
He shot Tony a look, and Tony sniffed and said, "I can't even imagine who would do such a thing."
Steve leveled him with a flat look. "Captain America keeps his nose out of it. Steve Rogers wants whatever his partner wants because he's not the one that's actually going through it."
"Goddamn it!" he said and pulled away. He went to wipe away the tears with his hand, but Hill produced a tissue, and said, "Dab, don't wipe. Nat and I spent a lot of time on that makeup."
"Didn't JARVIS just congratulate you on five years of no public nudity?"
It was just as he'd left it. The tree still glowed in the corner; beautifully-wrapped presents were stacked underneath it; that strange television-type thing on the wall was airing some sort of… image; two coffee mugs sat on the coffee table where Tony had set them when he'd tried to talk to Steve about what was happening to him.
"Stainless. Break as many pieces as you want. It's cheap."
Tony grinned and began running specs for something he'd been working on for Natasha. "He'll never admit it, but yeah, he's about the only person he trusts with that stuff."
." He grimaced and looked around and, with one hand covered in lube, he grabbed a pillow from the end of the bed and said, "Work with me, here. I've only got one hand at the moment."
Bruce just rubbed his eyes beneath his glasses. "Tony," he murmured, and Tony sat back up again.
"Come home with me."
Steve — not really. Most of that stemmed from whatever residual shit he was still dealing with from Howard. It had become apparent to him, over the course of the few months, that Howard's Steve Rogers was practically a fiction. Was he the steadfast, cunning, brave, tactical genius that Howard had blathered on about? Sure. But Howard had missed the part where Steve Rogers was also a devious, sly, sarcastic little shit that that was not above breaking the rules to do what he thought was Right, and, when he got caught, would then try to talk his way out of it on a technicality that somehow made the person that dared question his method ashamed he'd ever doubted the great Captain.
the one that's been pregnant for forty-two weeks with the spawn of a super soldier — and one that
a woman?"
"James Anthony," they replied in unison, which seemed to surprise their breakfast mates, if the collective startle back from the table was anything to go by.
Tony shook his head. "Nope. I went in blind to this shit. So are you.
"If you mean the shield, then...yeah," he said and, to his surprise, found that he wasn't forcing the words. He really did mean it. When it came down to it, in a choice between Tony and the shield, it would always and forever be Tony.
Tony made sure to order all of Steve's favorites for when he came back, and he tucked them all into a bag and attached a note reading,
"I kissed Natasha."
Steve glanced at Olivia then looked back at Tony. "She looks pretty awake to me."
"Eh," he said and spun back around to face Steve. "I do my best thinking at two in the morning."
He hadn't seen the footage himself. There was a part of him that didn't want to. It was easier to convince himself of the truth of his words if he didn't see it. And it's not that he didn't… He still
Steve should have been fucking
Steve just shot a sidelong smile at him and dunked the strip of bacon in the egg yolk before he shoved it in his mouth.
"Tony."
"Yeah, and
"Twenty-five seconds."
Steve was at the stove, pulling a just-cooked steak off a pan and was setting it onto a plate with a side of steak fries. Both the fries and the steak only looked the tiniest bit charred, but he supposed it was the thought that counted. There were two place settings set down on the island, and Tony sat down in his usual chair, his nose scrunching at the sight of a fresh garden salad in front of him. That looked like it had been bought pre-made.
" he got in return.
too easily. Me telling you I don't want to take you out for breakfast because I don't want those vultures from the press descending on you and trying to make this out to be something worse than it actually is should have been good for at
Barnes's eyebrows went up in surprise, and he nodded his head in understanding and said, "Then definitely remind me not to piss you off."
Tony sat forward a little, resting an arm on the desktop. "Wait, so if I'd had all of the same information but just had a different picture on my IDs, all of this could be avoided? You'd give us a marriage license even with the name 'Anthony Stark' on it."
"No, I mean—" He nodded his head at Tony. "Your suits aren't going to fit you. I mean, they're specially-tailored to your other…body."
lifetime, obviously. Sometimes you're a man and a woman, sometimes you're two women, sometimes you are as you were when I found you — two men."
Maybe there were some similarities between the 'verses?
"Wait, did you just admit that you can be
"I don't mean that. I mean what happened. Between you two?"
, I don't—"
"It's fine," he said, shaking his head slightly and cutting off Steve's self-deprecating explanation. "It's perfect. It's wonderful— And what do you mean a few dollars to you name? You're my husband. What's mine is yours."
Tony nearly face-planted onto the desk.
Without a thought, he went to pull up the hem of his shirt, and it wasn't until he saw pecs instead of breasts that he remembered.
Tony nodded. "Can do. My super soldier fiancé is due back sometime tomorrow, and as much fun as it is sciencing with you, Brucie, it's a lot more fun having 'me' time with my gorgeous super stud."
a lady." He smacked Steve in the chest. "Tell 'em I'm a lady, Steve."
"Yeah, yeah, just give me a second."
"Colonel Rhodes has a freestanding offer to join the Avengers any time he wants. Rhodey's an Air Force guy through-and-through, though, you know? Not sure anything we can offer him will get him to quit that."
Wait, was he actually talking to this…whatever-it-was now?
He hoped he did, anyway.
He thought about this a moment then said, "Whatever," and grabbed it from Natasha's hands. "Is there a dressing room around here? I'm not buying this unless I look fucking fantastic in it."
Good god, this shit smelled terrible! He could only hope it tasted better than it smelled, but if it tasted like this, then he really couldn't blame her for spitting it up — and he definitely couldn't blame her for spitting it up all over him. It was his fault she was stuck having to eat that shit now.
"Hey, here's a pro-tip," Tony said. "You want me to build you a fucking
"Uh, excuse me?" Tony asked, looking up at him.
"What?"
"You get a sex-change operation?"
"It's 'cause we're soul mates," Tony said with a slight sneer. He bit into the first slice of preserve- slathered toast and chewed. "We'll kill you with our fated-to-be cuteness."
The man stared at him a moment, and Tony tried to play it off like it was nothing, but there was something a little odd about the way he looked at him. Like he was trying to figure something out. Like he was trying to figure where he'd seen Tony before.
Tony giggled, his arms draped over Steve's shoulders, and he said, "I don't think this is big enough for both of us."
Though even Tony could say the woman was no slouch, as the afternoon of the gala, the woman and her assistant returned with a floor-length black satin and gossamer evening gown with what was described as a having banded empire waist. This time, he allowed them into the penthouse, and while the assistant worked at pulling out the dress and laying it over the couch, the designer looked over the room, and Tony almost felt like she was sniffing at his design choices. While the assistant pulled out some little hand tool that she explained was a 'steamer' to 'steam out' the wrinkles of the dress, the designer stepped over to Tony, her metal bangle bracelets jingling as she tweaked a smile at him.
And then she was kissing the back of her hand in the most obscene way that only a four-year-old that had watched her parents kiss time and again could muster. Which meant that it was equal parts hysterical and adorable to watch. He bit his lips to try to contain his mirth, and when that didn't work, he turned away and got a hold of himself before he turned back, his face schooled into something more neutral. Thankfully, Olivia had stopped and was back to munching on her sandwich.
"Fine," he muttered. "Let's go and get this over with."
Tony just waved the request off, but the next thing he knew, Steve was making his way into the lab.
"Then he keeps them very well hidden. Steve Rogers doesn't hide his doubts nearly as well as he thinks he does."
He thought about this a moment then said, "We cross that bridge when we get to it."
"The turning me in to a woman thing? Yeah. All her. The getting me pregnant thing? All Steve." He cringed. "Sorry, I know it's not exactly cool to talk about your new flame with your ex—"
thing he'd ever had.
"Stop being so literal, JARVIS," he said and hit the button, frowning when the doors didn't open immediately. "Uh, J?"
"We can fix that," he said, and he came around to the front again and picked up the leash that lay slack over his front. "Follow," he said and gave a little jerk on the leash. "Keep your arms behind your back, and no talking unless I tell you it's OK. Do you understand? Say, 'Yes, Sir' if you do."
He stuffed another bite of bagel into his mouth, and he reached behind him and rubbed a hand over his lower back as he watched Steve brainstorm with Hill and Natasha over whether to make a move and, if so, where to do it.
He tweaked a brief, challenging smile at Tony and said, "You really expect me to believe I fell asleep in 1944 and woke up in the year 2015?"
have done anything like this to you," she said and rolled her eyes. "It's the only one where you've seen things that would make you in any way open and accepting of it."
The other guest jumped in on that one.
As in sitting-around-doing-nothing-for-weeks-on-end?" Tony arched an eyebrow at this. "They did remember who they were talking to, didn't they? When did they decide this?"
"Did Bruce or Doctor Ganford actually tell you to your face that—" Steve started to ask, and Tony scoffed.
He almost choked on air. "Uh, your daddy?"
"You think you're too old for me?"
"Understand what?"
She nodded.
"Yeah, it is. I mean, not this version. I think this one's from the '50s maybe?"
Steve just looked among his assembled friends and said, "Leave me alone. I'm old."
"—that really narrows it down. You know, I've been meaning to pull the DeLorean out of storage. I guess this is as good a time as any, though if she's from another dimension, maybe I should look more into asking the Doctor if I can borrow his TARDIS—"
what you want to know?" Tony asked, voice flat and full of disbelief.
" Steve said, hoping to distract Tony and keep him from...drawing any more mental pictures of how 'tight' Steve's ass was. He appreciated the defense, but...he really didn't need to hear about how tight Tony thought his ass was.
venge. "What are Avengers?"
He swallowed and nodded toward her shirt. "So, uh — just checking to make sure you're still OK — you want to show me who 'Daddy' is?"
"Don't have to," Tony said quickly. "Don't— Look, this isn't a game of one-upmanship. This isn't a pissing contest. I'm not going to sit here and say it didn't hurt and I don't still struggle with the fact that my parents were murdered, but I can't change the past any more than you can. And I know you'd like to. I know you'd like to undo what you've done. Nat calls it having red in her ledger. The only way you can wipe it out is by doing the most good you can and avenging the ones that need it the most."
All three of them set unconvinced looks upon him.
Steve dumped a packet of sugar into his cup. "Is it untrue?"
"Huh?"
"You know, if it's any consolation, to hear your daughter tell it—"
Tony scoffed. "Because it was."
Though evidently his alternate-universe self had felt comfortable enough to take a chance with the Cap. So far, it seemed to be working out for him.
"Oh, come on!" Darcy cried. "He's probably the luckiest person in the world. I mean, I'm never going to know what it's like to jerk off. I mean, not
and Peggy—
"I know it is, and it's just…really tough to take after two solid years of it. Not that I or any of the others don't want anything but the best for you two, but isn't the honeymoon over yet?"
"She clearly believes what she's saying. I don't think anyone's that good an actor at that age."
"I'm sorry," Steve said and reached up to rub his back then gave him a little shove in the direction of the seating area.
Tony paused to think about this for a moment. Honestly, until that night at the cabin, he really hadn't given any thought to it either way. He wasn't thinking about it in those terms. He wasn't
the stubborn one."
"You know, I'm really not dressed for this."
"Not even close," Steve said with a roll of his eyes. He rested the baby on one shoulder then threw a cloth over his other shoulder. "Look, I just think we should try to watch ourselves now before we end up with a toddler that we can't let out in public because the only words she knows are four-letter words."
"Yeah, well, you have to learn someday," Tony said and motioned at him to finish frying up the hash browns. "Come on. We got hungry customers here."
"Yeah, oh, my god. Begging you to fuck me. Real hard life you've got there, babe."
The next thing he knew, it was pitch black outside, and Steve was pulling the car up some secluded and partially-overgrown driveway.
"My word against yours, babe."
Tony rolled his eyes and tried to ignore the way his stomach clenched in distraught…ness— was that a word? —at the mere mention of Pepper's name. He glanced at his watch. It had only been about six hours, and it still hadn't really hit him what had happened, but he knew it would, and he knew when it did, he would blame no one but himself—
Tony stared at Rhodey a moment, his vision going a bit blurry as he bit his lip to keep it from wobbling, and beside him, he heard Steve say, "Look at that. You got him crying."
Jane's mouth dropped like she couldn't believe Darcy had the gall to ask, and Steve coughed and clamped his mouth shut and smiled tightly like they'd moved into an uncomfortable subject for him. Thor, though, was the one to say, "I do not believe that is anyone's business aside from the Man of Iron and his Captain."
He didn't have to see Steve to know he was glaring at Barton for that. The way Barton oh-so-subtly shrunk away was all the confirmation he needed. Plus, he knew Steve, and he knew Steve's MO.
"It's not what I want, honey. It's what you want," Steve said, arms folded, his shoulder propped against the doorjamb as Tony continued to stand naked in front of the bathroom mirror and inspect his decrepit body. Out of the corner of his eye, Tony caught him dipping his head some and looking almost a little bashful as he said, "If I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times: I love you no matter what, no matter which body you're in."
like to buy it right now," as he swiped his fingers over his phone.
"When we got married? Sure. When we first started going out? Look, I'm going to be honest here. I was not expecting Captain Squeaky-Clean 1940s to be as much of a downright pervert when it comes to sex as it turns out he is."
He went over to the elevator and hit the button, the doors opening right back up for him, and he stepped on and at JARVIS's prodding, said, "Lab, J, I guess. Not much else for me to do around here."
"I… Nothing. It's nothing."
Steve shot him an amused look, the corners of his eyes crinkling in his humor. "You just don't want to admit that Clint was right all along."
Steve and Barnes stood hugging for longer than Tony had anticipated, and he was just about to turn and make his way back to the cabin alone when he saw Steve dragging Barnes back to their side of the road, something that looked like wetness staining his face.
thing I've ever gone through. I'm almost kind of looking forward to playing dress-up after everything settles back to, well—" He patted the flab of the belly that he still hadn't quite lost.
have a baby. It's not—"
"There. Happy?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "I'm not his princess."
He'd expected Thor and Wilson and Asshole Barton to show their faces along with the usual Bruce and Natasha and Hill and Barnes that had been checking in on him and making themselves comfortable in his penthouse the past couple days, but it was radio silence on that front. He actually wasn't sure whether he was put out by that or not. Sure, he pissed and moaned about people making themselves at home in his place, but he knew at its core that's really all it was — pissing and moaning. He didn't really hate that they kept showing up and eating his food and watching his TV and just generally hanging out at his place. He couldn't even say that he'd 'grown used to it' because it had never actually bothered him to begin with. He'd liked these people from the start, really — OK, from the moment they'd clicked so well as a team and had been able to work together to defeat the 'bad guy' that was trying to take over the world. You know, the usual. But he'd liked these people from the word 'go,' and he liked that they liked him enough to help themselves to his stuff and then stick around to annoy him with their presence and their small talk and useless trivia.
"Oh," he said with a slight nod. "OK, well, how 'bout we go there just for a little while, huh? I'll uh—"
to do. What does Steve think about all this?"
Could it…?
He shrugged a little. "Just a feeling."
of what had went on.
to actually physically be there with you guys."
Steve made a face. "Eh… I think he kind of side-stepped that, come to think of it."
"Hydra wasn't the one that did it," Tony said. "It was… It's a long story."
appeared out of nowhere. The screen's blank one minute and then the next, portal and there she is. She doesn't think she's in the wrong place. She knows all of us. She walks around this place like she owns it. Judging by the size of her ego, she probably thinks she does."
Natasha raised an eyebrow, and that was when Steve, naked as the day he was born, came in from the bedroom, saying, "Have you seen my—"
The little pastel blue swatch of paper on the fridge. The one Bruce had said was his to write a 'grocery list' on.
to do this?"
"What?" Steve said as he went to pour himself a cup of coffee only to find the container was empty. He frowned and picked up the other one.
"I just know," she said, running the brush over the nail on his pinky toe. "You'll curse out Esmeralda before you curse out Steve."
"Uh, they forgot we were even here, didn't they?" he heard Wilson say from somewhere.
Barton made what sounded like a 'contemplative' noise then said, "Famous last words."
"He was a skinny punk from Hoboken with a nasally voice," Steve said, cutting JARVIS off. "Still don't know what Dorsey was thinking hiring him."
Tony nodded and rubbed his belly some more. "Huh. Guess it was an alternate universe after all," he murmured.
"Barton doesn't know shit about this sort of thing."
"You can't tell me you want to go again," Steve said, amused smile on his face as he reached up and began to rub his hands up and down Tony's arms.
Bucky just shrugged. "I knew he had it in him."
this year?" she asked, sounding amazed at the very concept.
"Uh, why wouldn't I?"
"No, I just—"
"Thanks."
"But it wasn't anything that wasn't a long time coming!" He pointed the stylus at Bruce again and added, "Incidentally, once that actually hits me, I'm going to go through my cache of liquor pretty quickly, so…"
He nodded. That...honestly didn't sound so bad. He could handle that. So long as he had Tony, he could handle that.
, saw more than I wanted to."
if you take so much as one step closer to my baby."
Could she?
"Um, if she'd been born a boy, this would not be an issue."
"Huh?"
Wilson breathed out a laugh then said, "Nah, honestly, you two—" He cut himself off a moment and glanced to the side like he was trying to think of exactly what he wanted to say. "
Tony chewed and swallowed. "Not exactly, but close enough. Look, if you don't believe me, ask him. He'll tell you he's totally fine with it."
Steve shrugged. "Not too late to find someone else to take her. Could fix it so no one knows."
Bruce glanced at the tube. "Just a little bit more. I want to make sure there's enough in there."
Tony didn't back down, either. "And what happened with that?"
Still, it was hard to ignore the resemblance, the name, the fact that he was
…on my finger, so I took it off before it got too tight and constricted the blood flow and it ended up falling off."
Tony yawned and murmured, "Olivia."
Steve glanced up at him. "I don't think that can
. I can't even say it."
Then there were questions about pap smears and HPV and ovarian cysts and uterine fibroids and yeast infections and vaginal bacterial infections an issues with urination, and once he processed what all those words meant, he turned to Steve and murmured, "Yeah, I don't want to be a woman anymore."
"You have
He sure made for a hell of a sight.
"And what about…?" He glanced down to his abdomen, and Steve glanced down as well before he shrugged.
. That word's definitely changed since my day," then frowned and added, "I'm not like that!"
Pepper, who was cordial and sometimes even downright friendly to him, had reminded him of the Foundation's commitments to the annual charity ball that was in a week, and she stressed the importance of having the rest of the Avengers attend with him because the powers that be wanted to hobnob with the new superhero elite, and Tony detected only the tiniest amount of bitterness in her voice when mention of his team of misfits was made.
Steve eyed the shape that was clearly the end of a plug covered by tight, teal silk, and he reached out and pressed a finger against it, pushing the plug deeper into Stark, eliciting a desperate keen from the man bent over beneath him.
“How thoughtful,” Tony muttered, but Steve just swallowed the guilt that plagued him over Bucky’s continued struggles to come to terms with a previous existence that had only happened because he hadn’t been able to catch him before he fell as well as the painful knowledge that he might never be able to trust his baby girl alone with his oldest friend.
"Jesus," he breathed out as he moved to stand beside Tony and glance in. "Look at all this."
"Captain," she replied in the same manner, but Steve shook his head at her.
"No, I just got here."
"Anyway," Tracy said and turned back to Tony. "So, Captain America — he's
But Bruce wasn't convinced, and as Tony slumped back into the couch and tried to find a comfortable position to stop the twinging in his back, Bruce rubbed his eyes beneath his glasses and said, "Tony, I don't think you should have drugs."
Tony smiled a little, and he gave Steve a squeeze and said, "Hey, you never know. Next time could be your turn."
when I did it."
"There's a catch on your left side between the seat and the console. Look for the thing with the red button."
she wasn't as beautiful or symmetrical as you."
He nodded and turned to the rest of the assorted group. "And the rest of you? Is that your excuse, too?"
Steve set the bag down on a chair then took the few steps over to meet him, and he took hold of Tony's hand and stood beside him, frowning as he watched the screen.
" he muttered. "The fuck are those assholes doing now?"
When she spit up the entire contents of her stomach all over his chest and down to his lap.
"I know," Tony said, "I know, babe, but that's going to take time. Remember my freak-outs after New York? Remember all those crappy suits I built? Remember my nightmares? How long did it take me to come to terms with all that? And that was the events of one day. He's got seventy years of shit to deal with, and he's done some horrible, unspeakable things against his will. I know you want him to be OK, but you might not be the best person to
He thought about it and nodded. "Yeah, I think so."
"OK, you know what—" he stared to say but was saved from having to explain anything when he caught sight of Thor bounding down the hallway toward them. He looked rather sharp in a nice, fitted suit (he had honest to god thought Thor would wear his full battle regalia), his long blonde hair pulled back into a neat ponytail at the base of his neck.
He shivered involuntarily, and he took a breath before Steve lined himself up and pushed into Tony's mouth, one hand firm at the back of Tony's head to hold him still. Tony moaned and gasped a little as he felt Steve plunder his mouth without mercy, felt the hot weight of Steve's cock on his tongue, and he relaxed his throat and allowed Steve to push in all the way until Tony's nose brushed against the coarse hairs at the base, Steve's scrotum hitting against his chin.
"Fuck's sake, Barnes, cradle your arms so you can hold your niece!"
"We'll cross that bridge when we get to it," he said and hopped off the chair. The hell he was ever, ever going to have to worry about anything like
"Anyway," he said, clearing that memory from his mind, "the point is, we were never going to keep this secret forever. We were always going to have to come out with it."
"Assuming this isn't all a big joke, what does this say for the relative safety of the world when aliens from other worlds can just come here and perform sex-transformations on us?"
"Did you try telling Pepper you think she's from an alternate universe?"
"French toast?" Steve said, hopeful and somehow unsure.
"Mmm...maybe next year, you walking Norman Rockwell painting."
"Isn't there?" Steve asked, and she shrugged.
He rolled his eyes and played with a few calibrations on his screen. "They're not
already.
to me," he amended.
"Yeah? I mean every word of that, and I'll repeat it every goddamned day for the rest of our lives until you believe it." Steve kissed his crown again and added. "You are the most important thing in my life, and I'm going to do right by you if it kills me."
Steve squeezed his cup of chocolate so hard the lid popped off and the cardboard crushed in his hands, sending hot liquid all over himself and the couch.
"Yep," Tony decided with a nod, "definitely don't want you hanging out with Barton any longer."
that Cap had taken up with this mystery brunette. Unfortunately, most of them were just relieved that Steve had dropped the devil incarnate that was Tony Stark. Some of them weren't happy with Steve taking up with Tony
Tony just hummed again, and he lifted a hand and waved it lazily at Steve like he couldn't be bothered. His legs were open, one precariously close to slipping off the table, and Steve couldn't help the flush that spread over his face as his gaze took in the mix of fluids that appeared to stain the sheet right below Tony's slit. He thought he spied a little pink or red mixed in with the clear and milky-colored fluids, and he again remembered Tony's comment about taking his virginity, but Tony didn't seem to be in too much — if any — pain, and Steve, still hesitant, swallowed and reached down and wiped Tony off with the towel, cleaning up as much of the mess as he could.
"I'm supposed to be a lot of things," she said airily like being 'dead' was something that happened to her often.
"About?"
Steve shrugged, and Barton called out to them, "So, honeymoon?"
but, well,
"Again," Tony said airily, "you're just jealous. It's fine. I can't blame you. Steve's a hot piece of ass that knows his stuff. Actually, he does this thing with his tongue where he kind of flicks—"
-assassin," Barton said at Natasha's raised eyebrow. "Cap's misguided attempt to get them to like each other. I don't expect there to be any pizza by the time they get back. One of them will probably throw it in the river and blame the other one for it. Or one of them will stomp on it. Or one of them will try to eat all of it before— Really, anything could happen to it."
He glanced up at Steve again. "What are we doing about that? Keeping our own? Hyphenating? Some god-awful combination? Stogers? Roark?" He shuddered. "God, those both sound horrible. How 'bout Stark-Rogers?"
Wilson snorted a laugh, and Tony tilted his head in thought at Barnes and said, "I don't know if I really like you hanging out with Barton."
But now that there was no chance of Tony ever going back to the body he'd been born with, and with questions about Steve and Tony and 'Natasha' and the Avengers as a whole growing by the day, there was really no reason for him
have the memory of a hot, searing kiss given to him by none other than Captain America himself. Maybe it wasn't meant for
Oh. Back to that, huh?
"Yeah. He's totally for it."
Cap smiled at him, again that soft, intimate one he'd only seen for the first time last week. "And it sounds like her daddy might have come to adore her as well?"
As he closed the door, Tony took the slip of paper between his fingers, pinching it there to hold it as the door closed, the paper coming away from the polished steel and remaining between his fingers. He held it up to Steve and said, "Brucie's none-too-subtle way of telling the rest of the derelicts what the sex is."
Steve shrugged. "What can I tell you? At least you didn't go early. Baby's not premature."
"Morning, Papa," Olivia whispered.
"To be fair, there was nothing stopping you from doing that before."
— seemed to think Tony had put his foot in his mouth, giving him a knowing smile as though to say,
"Yeah?" she asked with a mouthful of food, and Tony glared at Bruce and said, "I
"Uh," he said and cuddled the baby a little closer to him, she still with her hand stuck in her mouth and body turned so that 'Future MIT Grad' was proudly on display, "we kind of actually asked Pepper and Happy if they would...be her godparents."
"Uh," he said and lifted his arms like he didn't want to touch it — which he didn't — and he looked to Bruce for help, but Bruce just went from looking at the kid to Tony to the kid to back to Tony again.
"For him, that's the only thing I was good for. A science project. I know Howard was your BFF from the war—"
Pepper nodded like Tony had just made her point. "And I'm surprised Steve would put so much faith in that then."
She shook her head, her little blonde ponytail all askew, hair both sticking up in the air and falling out of the band. "Daddy's OK. You're a
Tony stayed suspiciously quiet at that, and Steve leaned his head back against the seat and turned to watch his profile — the slope of his nose, the cut of his jaw, the neatly-groomed hairs of his chin, those feathery, black eyelashes. Tony was a handsome man; there were no two ways about it. He was intelligent and strong and funny and easy to rile up as well, but he was still a good- looking man, and it still seemed so…odd that he could luck into a time and place where admitting this or accepting this was OK, wasn't going to get him into trouble, wasn't going to get him thrown out of the service or beat up or worse. He could be with a man, they could have a family together, and no one would blink an eyelash at it.
Tony tried not to sound too eager, but he probably sounded a bit zealous when he said, "
"James Barnes did
we're asking her that."
He closed his eyes and took a breath, and Tony said, "Just the usual morning business or something more?"
"Yeah, which rounds up to ten, and, from what I understand, that's a big, fucking baby —
Steve started to nod then gave a curt shake of his head. "No," he said, like it was the definitive word on the matter. "No, it's not."
"I'm still walking around, aren't I? Still feeling peachy—"
“Uh—” he motioned to Tony’s fly — “you might want to button up first?”
But Tony still wouldn't meet his gaze, and he shrugged and said, "It's stupid, I know—"
Natasha was quiet a moment before she said, "That's not true."
But whether or not he was fertile was an entirely different story.
The three men exchanged looks before Tony turned to her and said, "There's another building?"
He shrugged. "Wasn't sure why anyone would care that much. I'm just a kid from Brooklyn. Nothing all that interesting about me."
Steve just pushed his head back against the pillow. "
Even if a horrible part of him would always wish for something else.
." He made an odd motion with his hand like he was demonstrating something. "The lingerie. It's not like that. It's just that it's, I don't know…" He heaved out a defeated breath. "Please don't think I'm a creep. It's not that. It's more like…"
"Hmm? No, just wondering why, if it's the dead of night, you're up checking your messages."
"Is there anything we can do about this?"
He frowned as he followed Tony back down the stairs. "That's a terrible attitude to take to a child."
Tony grinned at him and said, "All right, spoiler because I don't think this one's too bad: You know what the public's reaction was when they found out Captain America was schtupping Iron Man? Well, some of them condemned us to hell, but those are the reactionary assholes that are dying out by the thousands. No, you know what a good chunk of them said? That Captain America could
Rhodey just blinked at him. "You won't even let
or, in some cases, didn't say. Sometimes, it was just in the way he looked."
Tony arched an eyebrow. "Seriously?"
"Meaning?"
Steve glanced between Sam and Bucky, Bucky shot daggers at Sam, but he exhaled an annoyed breath through his nose and turned to Steve.
"We have to try, Tony," Steve said. "Before this goes anywhere beyond this room. We have to see if there's any way we can fix this without—"
But Steve wasn't convinced, and while a crash sounded from the other end of the room as DUM- E searched for his missing bouncy ball, he said, "Yeah, well, if they're anything like the glad-handing I had to do back during the war…"
"No," Esmeralda said, her lips twisted a little in thought. "No, I chose you specifically. See, you are a fighter, but your bonded is a warrior, and there is a difference."
"That we release information regarding the status and whereabouts of Tony Stark. They know we're hiding something. You haven't been seen in months—"
Granted, an exhibit opening at a gallery wasn't exactly much to get people excited about, and not only was it not Tony's preferred way to spend an evening (foot rubs and gelato were where it was at as of late), but it was doubtful that Tony's appearance there would even get picked up by anyone outside of the 'art crowd.' Still, Tony wanted to go to the gallery with Steve, who, knowing Tony's overall opinion of anything that constituted 'art,' just looked at him like he'd suddenly grown two more heads and said, "Are you sure?"
"Hey, man," Wilson said and adjusted the box again, "we got a bunch of starving Avengers up there. I think that counts as an emergency, don't you?"
"You mean why don't I get rid of it?"
"I know," Tony said and sighed a little as he set the box on the counter. "But maybe stick to what you're best at."
"Open membership drive?" Wilson asked. "'Cause I'll totally defect, too."
He stared at it, blinking, his mind immediately taken back to where he didn't want it to, to that short period of time just after the Battle of New York when a portal had opened up in his workshop and a mouthy blonde with dark eyes and an attitude three times the size of her body had entered his world for a brief time. He could still see her sitting in the kitchen and asking for her 'Elsa' cup and sitting at the coffee table in the living room as she drew pictures of her family with
gross, and anyone that thinks it's gross is just jealous. I mean, yeah I'm not a fucking seahorse, but—"
"Of course not," Natasha said as she positioned it to make sure the skirt of his dress covered it. "Besides, Steve can pull it off with his teeth later on."
Steve shot him a wry smile. "I don't think the forties were considered the dark ages."
. She kind of just got dropped on me, and it wasn't like I had any way of getting her back—"
Steve turned his attention from the display and looked down to see Tony typing something onto the phone.
He stopped, not bothering to wait until Bruce told him so, knowing that that was as far as he could go at that moment, and he relaxed back against the arms that supported him. Natasha again murmured to him that he was doing well, and he smiled lightly in acknowledgement at that and let out a breath, closing his eyes and trying to drum up the last reserves of strength he'd all but spent.
He shook his head, and Steve kissed his shoulder.
"Something what?"
"It's not all we talk about," Pepper said.
"Can never have enough office space," Tony said breezily and wondered which wall would actually be the best one for the crib. They'd need a dresser, too. A bureau. Probably a changing table. And should they go natural wood or white-painted?
did you get them from?"
"He insisted," Tony said with a shrug. "I felt bad. He wants to help. He's a menace and he's terrible and I'm probably going to have to re-clean everything he's done, but he means well."
He waited at the bottom of the stairs for Steve's response, but instead of words, Steve made his way out of the kitchen, and as he crossed through the living area, he said, "Well, unless it's a date with Hedy Lamarr, I'm just not interested."
Tony shot a pointed look at him, and Steve just gave a goofy and hopeful smile in return.
Steve just blinked at the tiny little implement in Tony's hand. How that could something that small and seemingly fragile break through a brick firewall?
Tony grinned at Barnes's sudden panic then said, "Yeah, seriously, what's with this pissing contest between you two? I mean, in theory, shouldn't
his jobs. His eyes were shielded by a pair of tinted glasses, wire frames and rose-colored lenses. The van dyke he was fond of sporting now was clipped and trimmed and so perfectly sculpted it was as though he had drawn it on. He was smiling — downright grinning — a hand in the air as he waved at a camera (but not the one that had taken this photograph) and the elegant and gorgeous Pepper Potts adorned in a stunning royal blue dress standing right by his side.
“Good. He ate for a little bit but I think he’s worn out now,” Steve replies.
“So take him to a shelter or something! You don’t know him, Tony.”
Peter huffs and plops down in one of the empty seats, watching as his uncle tries and fails to reach out to his father. That’s when he notices other members were missing.
Pepper smiles. “Happy loves her to death. He’s been wondering when you’d stop by.”
“What? You don’t want to go?”
Tony immediately releases his hold and Steve gasps as he takes a large breath of air. He chokes and grabs his throat. Tony pulls out and leans back, shocked at what he had just done.
“Yeah.” Steve frowns down at the slice of his barely touched pizza, no longer finding the food interesting. He sets it back on the plate and leans back into the couch.
Tony is offered a drink by a young beta man in the black and white tuxedo. Tony takes a sip, impressed that they knew his poison of choice. He starts to relax.
Peter whimpers from the other side of the bed, waking from his slumber and fussing in his bassinet. Tony goes to get him, quietly shushing him and speaking to the little pup as he comforts him. It brings a smile to Steve’s face.
“He’s just borrowing them until we can go shopping,” Steve explains.
Natasha smiles and pats Peter’s thigh. “Get out of those clothes and then meet me there in ten.”
“Couldn’t sleep,” Peter replies and he sits down beside his uncle. His eyes land on the dog tags in his uncle’s hand. Peter had given them to him after his father died. His uncle deserved it more than anyone else. “I miss him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey! You jumped in front of me.”
“Hey, relax. We just have to leave.”
“Daddy, what’s wrong? Where’s Papa?”
It wouldn’t be too late to call Bucky and have him meet him on the third floor, but he assumes his friend is busy and he slips his phone back into his pocket. Bucky was probably training with Sam anyway. They didn’t get along initially, but now they were starting to get used to each other’s presence and Steve was beginning to pick up on their not so subtle hints. Something was brewing between them, and Steve was happy.
“More!” Peter reaches for the half empty bag, but Steve is faster and moves it further away. Peter whines and tries to climb onto the counter.
“Not your fault. Well, maybe it is. You know we can order all of this stuff online right? Jarvis can do it for us,” Tony says, finally turning toward Steve.
“Is that your way of telling me to take a break?” Steve asks his belly, smiling when he gets a kick in response. “Okay. I hear you loud and clear. I guess you can be nameless for one more night.”
“Don’t worry,” Tony assures and Steve smiles softly. “Do you want me to take over?”
“Hey, Fri? Call-”
Tony was glad they had slept. Peter was still struggling to get on a schedule and it was beginning to take a toll on the new parents, especially Steve. Tony could run on barely any sleep or none at all, but Steve required at least six hours if he wanted to function. Tony had no problem taking care of their son when Peter demanded attention at two in the morning.
This is what Steve had been dreading. The last thing he wanted was to lose Tony. They gave up on their relationship, and though it took time to heal from that loss, Steve accepted that they weren’t meant to be anything more than friends. But now their friendship was fading too.
Steve sighs again. “Pete, I’m sorry about your dad. He’s just...he-we didn’t want this for you.”
His fingers dig back into his pocket and he retrieves his phone again. He hovers over the contact information for a moment before finally making the call and pressing the phone to his ear. It rings and rings; his leg shakes the entire time. Then, finally, the other line picks up.
“Yes, J, I have. Do you think I was born yesterday?”
“What-” Steve begins to say, brows furrowing at the strange gift. He peers up at his boyfriend for an answer, and this time Tony supplies him one.
“Captain Rogers,” she addresses him like she always does, only this time her tone seems off.
Peter is already in bed when Tony is allowed access to his son’s room. Tony steps inside and makes himself comfortable on the edge of the twin bed, his eyes taking in his son’s flushed and clammy appearance.
Sam places a hand on Bucky’s shoulder to calm him. “Hey,” he soothes. “It’s alright.”
Tony clicks around and adds gold. He smiles proudly at the result.
Tony nods. He just hopes Steve is willing to talk.
“You’re such a sap, Mr. Rogers. Or should I say Stark?”
Sooooo I swear Tony isn’t an asshole. He’s confused and can you blame him for second guessing everything? He has no recollection of the night he met Pierce and when he was forced to mate with Steve. For all he knows Steve could be lying. I promise they’re going to talk some more and Steve will tell him everything!
“Nothing,” Steve responds. He refuses to turn around to face Tony, instead keeping his gaze locked on something ahead. “Just tired. Having a baby is...it’s hard.”
“What if you hadn’t been this lucky? If I lost you I don’t know what I would do. I can’t-Tony, I can’t lose you. I…”
“I’m fine. Honestly, I feel pretty good. The movie just...I’m okay.”
“Oh God. I can only imagine what that must’ve been like.”
“I’m not going to bite.”
“Peter?” Steve raises a questioning brow. They hadn’t decided on a name for their son yet; whenever they tried it turned into a small argument over their chosen name, and eventually it got dropped. “Since when have you been picking out names?”
“I can drive you,” Tony immediately offers. He’s out of his seat in seconds, already ordering Jarvis to shut down the lab and open the garage.
“That was meant for the pups, sir.”
Steve narrows his eyes before dropping them back down to his son’s happy face. “He likes it. I always talk to him.”
Tony doesn’t buy it. Maybe Natasha was right. Maybe they did need to talk.
“Yes?” Steve responds, uneasily waiting. He never did like getting called out when he failed to take care of himself. He can remember an instance when he was backed into a corner and both his husband and Jarvis scolded him for refusing medical treatment.
“Right, of course. Thank you for your time, Mr. Stark. Maybe we can meet again for another contribution.”
Steve rolls his eyes and leans back in the chair, sighing softly and placing a hand over his belly. “No, but we need to think of something. We can’t keep calling him Tony Jr.”
“I used to think that. And then I lost my best friend and now his son is suffering. I don’t want that for our kids, Sam. Do you know how hard it would be for them if they lost you or me or both of us?”
Nick huffs. “They beat us at a lot of things. Alexander Pierce-”
It’s heartbreaking to see such innocent, fragile lives so distraught and traumatized. Tony can’t even begin to imagine what they went through. He had witnessed firsthand what their mother went through, and all he can hope is that they didn’t suffer as bad as Steve had.
Natasha nods. “We’ll let you rest. Keep us updated okay?”
“Hey,” Tony’s soothing voice has Steve peering up from his lap and meeting the dark eyes he couldn’t get enough of. “Steve, it’s not your fault. What he did...that wasn’t your fault. Okay? You did nothing wrong.”
Tony,” Steve’s voice fills the space. “I know it’s been a while since we’ve...well...you know. I gave up a long time ago on reaching out to you; I knew you had moved on and I tri-I did the same.
She turns on her heels and storms out of the room.
Understanding, Ned let’s Peter go and makes him promise to tell him everything tomorrow. Peter promises, though he can’t promise if it would be worth telling. The last couple of encounters with his dad had been...interesting.
Steve chuckles. “We just ate.”
Steve deserved to be happy with Bucky wherever they were. Bucky would treat Steve right. Bucky would never hurt Steve the way Tony had. Bucky wasn’t a monster.
“Brock Rumlow is contained,”Natasha explains and Tony looks to her. “He’s being interrogated as we speak.”
“We’re not going to hurt you,” the alpha says, her voice still calm and soft. Steve glares in her direction, not able to believe a word she says. He couldn’t trust alphas. The only good ones in the world were his mate and son.
“What are you doing to him?” Tony snarls, baring his teeth to the man responsible for this operation.
Tony inhales sharply and his hands grip the steering wheel a little tighter, and his foot presses down harder on the accelerator.
“Are you suggesting we go baby shopping?”
“I’m afraid not. Your presence is needed downstairs.”
“He’s good. And he is still unnamed.”
“I was afraid you’d decline. I can run a scan if you’d like.”
Peter sets his attention back on the shield. He lifts it from the display and slides his arm through the leather straps. It’s heavier than he imagined it would be. Or maybe it just feels that way because it’s not his. It’s not meant for him.
“When I did fight...they would...remind me of who was in charge.”
“I’m working on it. He’s...so he’s a little reserved. Big deal.”
Back and forth, that’s all they’ve been doing and have yet to meet in the middle. It’s no surprise, really. Finding common ground has always been a struggle for them.
Tony remains silent and follows Peter into the dark apartment. Peter turns the light for the living room on, illuminating the space. Tony's eyes are everywhere. He hadn’t seen the full apartment; he had fled before Steve could even offer him a place to sit. Tony wishes he would’ve stayed that night. Things would be different if he had.
Tony shakes his head, unable to believe her words. Why the hell would Peter want him? He was a screw up. He couldn’t do anything right, and when life got too rough, Tony hid and drank until he could forget. He wasn’t a good father. Peter deserved better.
He clears his throat. “Jarvis?”
“What?”
That catches Tony’s attention and he peers up at his mate. Steve can feel his gaze on him and he has to fight the urge to turn and meet it.
Steve eyes him closely, searching for any indication that the promise Tony just made was bullshit, and when he can’t find one, he sighs in defeat.
Bruce frowns. “What is it?”
“Yeah well…”
Hope you guys enjoyed it! I’ll try and update next weekend! Thank you! 😊
“Please? Steve, I love you. I love our son. I’m sorry I had my doubts, and I’m sorry I kept it all from you. Believe me this was not how I wanted to tell you, but I was an idiot. I’m so so sorry. I love you. I don’t regret letting you in my car and I’ll never regret putting that mark on your neck.”
“Does it have to be a conference?” Steve asks after a few minutes of listening to Tony and Pepper go back and forth. Personally Steve doesn’t feel comfortable getting in front of the press to talk about it.
“Are we good?” He asks.
“Hey she’s not the first thing I’ve saved from an alley,” Bucky defends and scratches under the cat’s chin. She continues to purr.
“Tony, she’ll-”
“Can I think about it? I’m still…” Steve trails off and returns to fiddling with his fingers.
“Benjamin,” Steve corrects.
(See the end of the chapter for
The flight is long, giving Steve a lot of time to think. His stomach coils, his anxiety getting the best of him and making him sick. He couldn’t even finish the briefing and let Sam take over, another sign that he was ready to step away from this life and let someone else take over.
Alpha’s lips are on his again. Steve gives in and lets it happen, fighting the urge to vomit when the alpha’s tongue slips past his lips and into his mouth.
“I did. He was going to release this drug into the air, one that could only affect omegas. It would brainwash them, making them easier to control and manipulate. His first target was New York. I hijacked his plane and took it down. I thought I sacrificed my life to save others, but I was wrong. I woke up almost 70 years later and found Hydra still rising into power.”
Tony makes a noise of displeasure, which earns him a warning look from his husband. Leave it to Steve to push aside his own feelings just to satisfy those of others. Tony understood that every second was precious with their son, but a few hours to allow Steve some time to rest wasn’t the end of the world.
Steve smiles and gets back to his sketch. “I like it. I’m not sure where it came from but I like it. If you don’t…”
“Hey, Da-Mr. Stark. I wasn’t sure when we were supposed to meet so I just thought to come by and see if you were here and you were so-”
Bruce arrives and they gather downstairs in Tony’s lab. A portion of it has been blocked off for the exam. Eventually Tony was going to need a different space for Bruce’s monthly visits. He could easily renovate an upstairs room. He had the time and funds to do it.
“Honey?” Tony lays a hand over Steve’s shoulder. “Just rest okay? I’m gonna schedule you an appointment for tomorrow. Are you in any pain?”
Peter seems content with that answer. He finishes up the rest of his food, then he’s pushing his plate away and running off toward the living room to pick out a movie. Tony sighs and takes the dirty plate to wash it.
“It’s okay,” Steve soothes. The sound of his voice must be comforting because the baby’s cries begin to diminish. Steve looks up at Tony, their eyes meeting. “I’m sorry,” he says, the words barley above a whisper.
“Nope!” Peter smiles proudly. The helmet is too big for him and it slips down, covering his eyes.
He lowers himself down beside Steve and reaches for his hand, doing his best not to take offense when Steve moves it away from him.
“That was awkward,” Tony admits once it’s just him and his son.
Bucky’s expression softens and he slants in his seat. Peter’s eyes fill with new tears and he fights the urge to let them fall.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr. Stark...you’re my...other parent.” Peter finally finds the courage to get the words out. He feels like a heavy weight has just been lifted off his shoulders. He’s not sure what he’s expecting, maybe a hug or something. But instead, his dad only frowns at him.
Not a day goes by when he doesn’t think about what he’s left behind. He had walked away from not only being Avenger, but his team. From Steve.
Tony smiles. “He was a good father, huh?”
“Sorry. Baby daddy. Better?”
With Steve busy getting ready, Tony leaves the room with Morgan, deciding giving his husband some space was a good idea. They were so close to enjoying a nice night out together. The last thing he wanted to do was ruin it.
The woman hasn’t noticed him yet, she’s too busy typing away on her phone. It’s not until she glances up do their eyes meet and she too releases an audible gasp.
“Yeah.” Sam nods. “We did good, right?”
“I’ll help you okay? I’ll do whatever I can.”
Steve’s expression hardens. He knew that name. Pierce had mentioned it.
you don’t have a suit.”
“Small? I am pregnant.”
“She didn’t get that from me,” Tony teases. He turns away to finish up with his tie. He gives up when Steve comes over to assist. “I almost had it.”
Steve was becoming more and more like himself. He would occasionally wake during the night from nightmares, but eventually those too didn’t bother him like they used to. He continues to go to his meetings with Sam and Strange, and each time he comes back smiling and gaining more confidence in himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s good…” Peter plays with the lid of his water for a second. The awkwardness between them was still there. He wonders when that will leave.
“Dammit,” Steve curses and he shields his eyes until they can adjust. He lets out a yawn and sits up. “‘M so tired.”
Tony doesn’t argue this time. As much as he’s against the idea, he can’t help but wonder if Steve was right. Maybe this is what he needs. He’s trying to look at this from Steve’s perspective. This place wasn’t a prison, a place where he was going to be confined. It was a sanctuary. It was a place where stress and anxiety didn’t exist. He could be happier here. He could find peace.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean-I make jokes when I’m...uncomfortable. They’re stupid and it annoys everyone but it’s what I do. Sorry, kid.”
Tony pats Bruce on the shoulder. “It’s fine,” he assures the beta. “We’ll talk later.”
Tony heaves out a sigh and leans back into the leather seat. “I’m just trying to distract myself-wait, why am I even explaining any of this to you?”
“You’re telling me.” Tony runs his fingers over the bump. “Do you think you’re…”
“Hey, Pete. It’s time for bed. You and Papa fell asleep on the couch again.”
Once Peter had been cleaned up for the second time, he fell asleep in Natasha’s arms. She gestures for Steve to follow, and together they make their way back to the bedroom where she lays Peter down in the bassinet.
“Tony-”
“Okay,” Peter smiles back, feeling a bit better than he has in a while. “I love you. I’m sorry I screwed up.”
Tony growls and kisses Steve again, this time a little rougher than before. Steve moans softly and wraps his arms around Tony’s neck, deepening the kiss.
“Oh. Okay.”
Bucky already knows what’s on his mind because he’s shaking his head disapprovingly.
Agent Barton locks eyes with him. “That’s exactly what she means.”
“And keep an eye on my new friend here.”
“Do you feel better?” Steve asks, peering down at his son. James glances up, showing off his whip cream mustache and nods. Steve chuckles and wipes it clean. “Good.”
“A lot.” Steve pulls away and turns to meet Tony’s eyes. “I know you said you’d wait until I was ready again, and...and I think I am now.”
“Fuck. Gonna breed you.”
He’d still have Steve.
“Tony Stark.”
Tony forces his eyes open, fighting the urge to give in to the darkness that’s creeping up on him.
“He’s killed Starks before,” Tony points out and Pepper rolls her eyes.
Peter gasps and his eyes widen in shock. He’s not the only one left speechless, Tony is pretty sure his mouth is hanging open.
“I always get home at this time.”
“Tony, I’m-”
Tony lets out a sigh and pushes his own plate to the side. “You miss your home, don’t you?”
“What happened?” Bucky demands, dropping down beside his friends and eyes landing on the spot Natasha’s hand is resting over. There’s so much blood. “Steve, hey look at me. Pal, look at me.”
Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s back, taking over and thrusting roughly into the omega. Steve comes again, wetness splashing over Tony’s cock and the sheets. Tony reaches his release, grunting against Steve’s neck as he comes.
Steve inhales sharply and continues to flip through the book. He doesn’t mean to get so frustrated. He was usually calmer than this, but now he’s annoyed, more so than he’s ever been. And all because of a name. Well, Tony’s behavior, but even then he rarely got this pissed off.
“No.” Steve shakes his head and presses himself closer to Tony, not caring if they were sweaty and messy. “It was good. I’d be willing to do it again. Those cuffs are something.”
This time Peter does look up and he regrets it almost instantly. Flash doesn’t even acknowledge him, not that Peter expected him to. They only crossed paths when Flash decided to harass Peter.
“Another!” Happy exclaims. Now he was panicking.
“My name’s Pepper Potts. I work for your dad.”
They return to the restaurant they had gone for their first date. It’s just another sign that tonight could be the night Tony finally pops the question. Steve keeps his cool throughout the evening, but it becomes difficult when Tony orders a bottle of the restaurant’s most expensive bottle of wine, and when he doesn’t let go of Steve’s hand and continues to compliment him.
Steve nods his head.
“They’ve been like this all day,” Tony explains when he catches sight of the frown on his mate’s face.
“Let’s get started.” Alpha gestures for the beta to begin the exam.
“I think everyone is going to want a turn.”
“You could’ve come back after Peter was born. Or after all the letters and phone calls. Steve never gave up on you, even if he should have.”
The elevator dings when it arrives and the doors open. Peter gasps when a tall woman with auburn hair appears on the other side. He wasn’t expecting anyone else to be in the tower, especially this early in the morning. He panics, unsure of what he’s supposed to do or say.
Tony smiles sympathetically. “You just had a baby, Steve. Things are going to be different.”
Steve stiffens at those words. He watches as Tony takes Peter over to the crib and lays him down for the night. Steve knew one day they’d have to use the crib. The moment Peter was born he had been sleeping in the bassinet set up in the master bedroom. Steve liked having his son close by.
Morgan sighs. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that.”
Pepper inhales sharply and another glance in her direction shows she’s not thrilled with his response. Her soft expression is gone and has now been replaced with a hard one, her jaw clenched and her blue eyes seem to have changed to a darker shade.
Steve moves into the room, the soft sound of his feet padding against the new rug capturing Tony’s attention. He looks up from his project, his brows knitting in the center when he frowns.
“Don’t ask.” Peter sighs and adjusts his backpack over his shoulder.
The tears in Tony’s eyes roll down his face. There’s a mixture of guilt and anger coursing through him. It was his fault Steve was forced back into this hell hole. If only Tony had been stronger, had been a good alpha, then his mate wouldn’t be hurting.
It’s not until they’re riding in the elevator does Tony break the silence. “So have you back by 6, right?”
Steve nods. He takes a breath to calm his nerves. This was the hard part.
Tony dismisses his husband with a wave. “Don’t worry about it. I don’t even care about that. I’m just glad you two are okay.”
Steve smiles and pulls Tony back in for another kiss. Tony takes control of the kiss again. He’s not as rough this time around, deciding to take his time and map out Steve’s warm mouth. They’ve kissed in an array of styles, but kissing Steve like this, soft and slow, is one of Tony’s favorites.
“Took the words right out of my mouth.”
“You okay?” Tony asks, running his hands on the inside of Steve’s thighs. He keeps his eyes glued to the omega’s face, searching for any indication that they should stop.
Pepper hadn’t gone far, deciding to wait for Tony downstairs near the elevators. She’s occupied with her phone, typing quickly when Tony approaches her. She doesn’t even look up as she continues to type and speak to him at the same time.
“Hopefully not for long. Maybe I can bring Morgan. Make it more interesting,” Tony teases.
“No!” Steve looks over his shoulder. “I just...not all the time. I didn’t know about you okay?”
“Yeah. You know curfew and whatever. What time?”
“I’m sure you can, buddy. But don’t hurt him okay? He’s a little delicate,” Tony explains, patting his belly to emphasize his point.
Tony smiles and brings Steve closer, then kisses him softly on the forehead. “Don’t worry. You’re safe now.”
“I have ears!” Steve snaps, peering up at Tony with red-rimmed eyes. He grunts and leans forward, resting his forehead against Tony’s chest. “‘M sorry,” he mumbles. “It really hurts.”
Steve lets out a groan and curls forward, pushing as hard as he can. The small grunts he was making earlier is quickly replaced with a guttural moan. The sound catches Tony off guard and he immediately snaps his head in the doctor’s direction.
The anticipation is killing him. He can feel the bed dip as Tony moves away and he can hear the sound of him undressing. He’d give anything to see and feel him, take in his naked body and enjoy it just like the way Tony enjoys him. But he’s reminded of the tie around his eyes and the cuffs holding him in place.
Also it’s a time skip!
“Hi.” Steve smiles and he curls up closer to Tony.
The door slams behind him.
“I guess makeup sex is off the table right?” Tony asks.
Tony shakes his head. “I can’t. I need to make sure-”
Being back at school and among his peers should lift Peter’s spirits. And to a certain degree it does. Ned was his best friend and his presence alone was enough to put a smile on Peter’s face.
“Shut up,” Bucky mutters.
“Yes.” Steve nods and brings Tony in for another kiss.
Steve holds his son tighter, his heart breaking with each sob Peter releases. “I’m here for you. No matter what.”
“I don’t know. He said he was making dinner and then you’d pick her up. Tony, he’s not answering. I-”
It’s not until Tony is informing him that Happy was outside does Steve have to let his son go. They both kiss Peter goodbye, tell him they love him. Then together they leave.
“I’ll go.” The words leave Tony’s mouth before he can stop them.
It’s becoming difficult to sit still and wait for updates from the doctor. He’s grateful he has the resources and a team of medical professionals to aid him. If it weren’t for them...Tony can’t even begin to imagine what would’ve happened.
“T-Tony? Tony, where-where are you?”
“As long as you don’t announce it to the world, I think a small get together would be good for you and Steve. He seems...relaxed.”
“What are you doing?” Steve questions.
(See the end of the chapter for
The rest of their conversation consists of Tony rambling about his exhausting day and Steve talking about his new favorite show. Tony promises they will watch more of it when he gets back.
“Where is he?”
“A baby I should’ve known about.” Steve finally looks up to connect his eyes with Tony’s. “I’m sorry. God, Tony if I would’ve known-”
Tony struggles to fall asleep. He’s gotten used to having Steve curled up beside him and his scent wafting through the air. The lack of his warmth only makes the bed that much colder.
“Dad, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. We were just messing around and-”
Tony curses and slips on a pair of sweats, not bothering with a shirt. It wasn’t like Steve hadn’t seen him like this before.
Peter nods his head. “Daddy, can I get another baby brother? One that will grow in Papa’s tummy?”
Steve is fast asleep when Tony pushes open the door to their room, making him feel worse about having to disturb him. Morgan is still crying, the sounds she produces stirring Steve from his peaceful sleep.
“How are you okay with this?”
“Hey, it’s okay,” Steve soothes and he steps into the bathroom to comfort his son. He can’t help but grin at the mess on his son’s face. “What happened, bubba?”
“What was that for?” Tony asks once they break apart.
Tony sighs and moves across his lab toward his workbench. “I don’t know. The world didn’t really need me anymore.”
“Dad!” Peter groans and sags in his chair. He glances over at Flash, noticing how pale and terrified he looks.
“I need a minute,” Steve says and he rushes out of the room.
“I told you he wasn’t so bad,” Steve says, coming closer to pat Dodger’s head. “He’s a good dog.”
“Ouch. That’s harsh, James,” Natasha says.
“You’re going to New York. Pepper told me.”
“Dropped him off where?”
Tony sits down, making sure there’s enough space between them. He doesn’t want to corner the omega and scare him off.
Peter frowns. “Other parent?”
It was going to take more than that to assure his best friend. He had a reputation of hiding any health concerns. He’s lost count of how many times Bucky had to step in and care for him when Steve neglected himself.
“I have another style if you want those instead.” Tony means to be helpful, but Peter takes it as another joke.
Steve is out of his seat in seconds, his instincts kicking into high gear. If his son was hurt or sick then he wanted to be there and know everything that was going on.
“It does. Not overnight unfortunately, but in time. You’re a strong kid so I’m not worried.”
“Just a few weeks,” Steve replies with a nod of his head. He’s carrying Morgan in his arms, wanting to relish this time with her before she and Tony left him. “I need this, Tony.”
“I told you I don’t mind,” Natasha says. “You look like you could use a break.”
Natasha leans forward to kiss Steve on the cheek, then she’s rising to her feet and gesturing for both Sam and Bucky to follow. Tony walks them out, shutting the door after saying his goodbyes. He turns back toward Steve, sighing sadly at the sight he finds him in.
“How are you always late, Tony?” Steve shakes his head. “You’re literally in the same building.”
Tony wasn’t that person. Maybe at one point he had been, but the old him was gone. Or maybe there never was an old or new version of himself. Perhaps he’s always been this dark and twisted.
Steve chuckles. “I know. Not any time soon. I don’t want a heat yet and I want the pups to be older.”
“I said eat.” The alpha grumbles and stabs his fork into the steak. “You need to be grateful. Hydra has done so much for you.
“What do you do?”
“I guess I felt like you were only being nice to me because you felt guilty. I don’t want you to feel anything for me.”
Steve shakes his head at the idea. “I want to see him.”
“The line starts here.” Bruce gestures to the spot next to him and Sam frowns.
“We have a cat?” Peter asks in disbelief. Not once has he seen his uncles with any kind of animal. He didn’t even have a dog growing up. Even if his papa secretly wanted one. Peter hadn’t been ready then. He wonders if his papa would’ve caved and gotten a dog during his retirement. Even Captain America got lonely and needed a furry, four-legged companion.
“What about your parents? You can’t keep this from them.”
Tony peers up at Steve from his mug and nods. “Of course,” he says after taking a drink. “I’m gonna be there every step of the way. Trust me, I’ll be that hands on dad. Dirty diapers are not a problem.”
This time the AI hesitates.
“We’ll figure out how to get past it.”
“What’s wrong?” He’s almost afraid to know the answer.
“I didn’t know you and Barnes-I mean I guess I should’ve put two and two together.”
“Hey,” Tony says softly and stretches one arm out to lay it over Peter’s shoulder. “I’m not doing that again. I’m glad you’re here. I’m glad you’re giving me another shot.”
Steve chuckles. “That’s right.”
Tony looks up from his work when his son doesn’t supply an answer. “Nothing? Really?”
“Nope. I can handle it. This is your week off.”
“I know he promised you another trip,” Sam says sadly. “It’s not the same but we hope it’s enough to remind you of the good times.”
But none of those scenarios played out. Steve went into the base unaware that Tony had already planned to blow it to hell. Steve died fighting a fight that didn’t concern him in the first place.
“It usually does,” Doctor Patterson explains. “Especially for first time moms.”
Tony takes the paper and opens it up. “Is this a suit for you?”
He leaves with a picture and a smile on his face. He doesn’t call Tony that night.
“I think you’ll like it better than ice cream,” Steve says and takes one of Peter’s tiny hands, placing it over his belly. “You’re going to be a big brother.”
“So how long…” Bruce starts and Tony glances over at him.
It’s all he can do.
With another break given, Steve works on getting air into his lungs. He’s exhausted and wants the pain to end. He wants to meet the new baby. He wants to meet Peter.
Maybe Tony was right. Maybe once Peter is with them, then everything would be okay. At least, that’s what Steve hopes for.
“We had a baby. I think that’s a bigger step.”
Steve panics and drops his hand. His fear must be evident because the alpha is reassuring him again.
He never meant to hide how he felt. It’s just what he ended up doing. Putting his friends and loved ones first was something he always did.
“Because I know you. You scared him away, didn’t you?”
Tony sighs sadly and joins him on the large bed, wrapping his arms around his mate and bringing their bodies close. “It’s okay, Steve,” Tony soothes and he kisses Steve’s head. “It’s not your fault.”
The door shuts and locks behind them.
“He’s gonna be okay. The doctor said he just needs to stay here for a little while.”
“You always comfort me,” Steve says softly. “Let me comfort you.”
Tony scoffs and shakes his head, unable to comprehend the words Steve was telling him. There was no way this guy was from the forties. None of his story was making sense, and Tony begins to wonder if in fact Steve was completely and utterly insane.
Steve tries to call out to him, only for another contraction to take away his ability to speak. The pain is at its worst and he can’t hold off any longer. He quickly slides his sweatpants down to his ankles and spreads his legs, curling forward and pushing as hard as he can. The burning is unlike anything he’s ever experienced. He could usually tolerate a great deal of pain, but this was unbearable.
“He never said anything bad,” Peter continues, “he’d only talk about you if I asked. He wanted us to meet one day. I think he was hoping it would’ve been sooner and...under better circumstances.”
“About an hour ago. The guys are here, too,” Natasha says.
Steve is giddy with excitement when they arrive for the first doctor’s appointment. Apparently peeing on a stick and getting a stupid happy face wasn’t enough. The moment Steve had broken the news to Tony, he had rushed off to find a doctor and schedule his first appointment. Tony had taken that time to run to his workshop and lock himself inside until Steve realized he had been missing.
“Flash!” Peter calls out. Flash turns around at the sound of his name, then he purposely ignores Peter and keeps walking. That doesn’t stop Peter and he rushes after him, panting heavily once he’s caught up to him. “Wait. We need to talk.”
For the past few weeks he had been working hard at building himself up and picking up the pieces that had been broken. The pieces weren’t perfect; some were jagged and unable to reconnect like they used to, but Steve was trying to put them back together. The finished result wouldn’t resemble its past self, but it would be whole again and special in its own way.
“She was hungry. What was I supposed to do? It’s not like you were going to take my suggestion and pump.”
“Enjoying the cupcakes?” Steve’s asks, coming up behind him and wrapping his arms around his waist, interlocking his fingers around Tony’s protruding middle.
“Just give me a minute okay? You had no problem doing that at the party.”
The same with Steve.
The base is a lot larger than Tony anticipated. He had only been shown two rooms and even that had only been scratching the surface. He keeps his guard up and the handgun raised in front of him as he moves through the corridors. No alarm has been raised yet, but eventually his luck was going to run out and Hydra would step out from the shadows.
The news of Tony’s pregnancy is shared the following day. Rule of thumb was to hold off on the announcement until after the first trimester, but Steve had blown it when he failed to hide his giddiness during breakfast. Of course it was Tony who really let the cat out of the bag when he threw up said breakfast.
Out of everyone on the team, Steve was probably the worst. And Tony loved him.
“That was amazing,” Steve grins and brings Tony in for a kiss. He threads his fingers through Tony’s messy hair. “You’re so perfect, Alpha.”
“I was. But then I got an alert that you were in here and I couldn’t let that happen.”
I finally got around to this one! I’m trying to do better with my updates! Thank you so much for being so patient and understanding!
“I’m kidding!” Tony reaches for Steve’s hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “I’m happy. Honest. But the puking sucks.”
“You’re so beautiful,” Tony whispers and trails his hand down Steve’s body until it’s lingering where the omega wants it most. Steve’s cock is already leaking, the head glistening with precome. Noticing the way the alpha’s looking at him, Steve grows more confident and spreads his legs, exposing his wet hole.
“Okay.” Natasha nods and places a kiss to his head. “Be safe. Come home straight after school. I don’t want to ground you.”
“No.”
“It’s a little funny, yeah. I’ve never seen a baby shower that was...this.” Steve waves one hand around the room. “No blue? We are having a boy.”
“It does. I wish I did more. I wish I listened better. You’re in pain and I...I did nothing. You’re here because of me and...I’ll never forgive myself. If I lost you-” A broken sob escapes Tony and he hangs his head again.
Peter is absolutely perfect. Steve can’t bring himself to look away from his son’s beautiful form. He’s tiny and fits perfectly in his arms, like he was meant to be there and nowhere else. His hair is dark just like Tony’s and Steve already knows his deep blue eyes will fade to brown.
Tony has to put on another fake smile around his teammates and pretend that he was happy about becoming a father. Deep down he loathed the idea of being a father. He wasn’t cut out for parenthood.
Tony doesn’t even hear him come in or if he does he chooses to ignore him. Steve hopes he didn’t upset the alpha that much. He’d apologize profusely just to make things right.
“This isn’t labor. It’s-” Steve hisses in pain and throws his head back, breathing deeply as he waits for the cramps to diminish. “-it’s not labor,” he says after composing himself. “It’s false. It has to be.”
“These are the pups,” Steve introduces his children next. “Harley,” he says and places a hand over the little boy’s messy hair. “And James.”
Peter spends another night with his uncles. For the most part they seemed okay, or at least better than what they’ve been. Bucky was still quiet and only opened up when Peter or Sam asked him something, but other than that he kept to himself. It was obvious he was still hurting from the loss of his best friend. Sam was too but the relationship he had with Steve didn’t compare to the one Bucky had.
“Sure you can. There’s plenty of supplements on the market. We can work on getting your body back to-”
Tony laughs and moves back to give Dodger a chance to jump off the couch, but he never does and instead he stays nestled up beside Steve.
“Yeah I got them. I didn’t read them because I couldn’t figure out how. I’m wishing I did. Would have saved me a trip.”
Steve moans and grips Tony’s hips tightly, leaving behind marks in the skin. Tony reaches down for his cock and jerks himself quickly, wanting to cum when Steve does. Then Steve is hitting that spot again and Tony cries out.
Before Steve can even respond, the doctor is revealing her discovery.
“I want you so bad,” Tony assures. “But I don’t want the kids to come down stairs and find us like this. And I want to make love to you in our bed.”
Tony laughs. “Fine. But after that I’ll show you how it’s really done.”
“You’re needed outside, Steve.”
“No,” Natasha grins, a mischievous glint in her eye. “There probably would have been less casualties if we had.”
At the sound of his voice, Morgan is calming down and her brown eyes are opening and locking with Tony’s identical ones. The room has fallen silent now that Tony has managed to get her content, but the soft sniffling sounds Steve makes still reach Tony’s ears.
“Is lying to the Avengers a good idea?” Tony raises a questioning brow. The last thing he wants is for his son to get a lecture from a super spy, an ex-assassin and a soldier. He doesn’t worry about Bruce. But the Hulk would be an issue.
“Dad?” Peter’s soft voice captures Tony’s attention and he looks over his shoulder to find his son standing at the top of the stairs. Peter comes down toward him. “What are you doing?”
Maybe it was time he shared his secret.
“You’re a good person, Steve,” Tony says. “And an even better mother. They were wrong about you. You’re more than what they tried to make you to be.”
Now he’s forced to live in another.
“Yeah, Petey,” Steve smiles. “Do you want to hold him?”
“We’re happy you all are safe. It was rough without you.”
“Daddy?” James asks, brows furrowing in uncertainty.
The line of cars in front of them began to move again. Tony keeps his gaze down, too engrossed in the conversation with his assistant to notice the figure running into the road. Happy slams on the breaks, the tires screeching and the vehicle coming to a halt, just inches away from hitting the man.
Steve arrives home later than usual. Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t concerned about the tardiness. The alpha in him grows uneasy and afraid of any potential threats to his mate.
“You came home alone.”
Ned bites down on his lip as he continues to guess. Then his eyes widened. “No!” He gasps in surprise. “When!”
Months go by. Or maybe it’s just been a few weeks. It sure feels longer to Peter. Everyday he’s thinking about his dad and the last conversation they had.
“When is he ever? Trust me I’m fine.”
Steve smiles and hums in response. “Just for a few minutes.”
“I should’ve paid more attention. Something was wrong and I ignored all the signs. I should’ve seen a doctor sooner…”
Muffled voices fill his ears and he stops what he’s doing, straining to pick up on the conversation that’s currently going on outside. Peter opens the door to his room and pokes his head out, the voices clearer now.
“Tony,” Pepper pinches the bridge of her nose and shakes her head. She sighs. “You and I both know about your reputation. I’m proud of you for behaving the past few weeks but look what happened because you decided to have a wild night. An omega you don’t even know is pregnant. Are you even sure it’s your baby?”
Steve sighs heavily and lays the test on the bathroom sink, eyes filling with tears that threaten to fall. Just outside the closed door is his husband, anxiously waiting for the results. Steve doesn’t have the heart to tell him that his body was incapable of conceiving a child.
Agent Coulson replied. "We had this one, actually. Civil war in the early nineties, and nobody questioned how a monarchy that survived everything the Soviet Union threw at it fell right after—"
There was much work to be done— especially since the Midgardians who remembered a different world were now failing miserably in their endeavor to prevent Ragnarök from happening again.
] surprised for a moment, as a quicksilver smile flitted over his face before returning to his mask of stoicism and oh, this all felt so
Latveria."
]. But it wasn't easy.
wasn't his problem but by golly was he going to do his best to fix it anyway.
] might've had.
Stephen reflexively ducked through a portal to check.
But there was no denying it, not for something on this scale.
First out of curiosity; then, because Thor's quaint little friends kept making nuisances of themselves and he preferred to not make a scene.
Tony hadn't wanted to go to Afghanistan, but they needed this contract, [
As compared to the boy band in spandex who'd barged in and immediately started blowing shit up.
...even more so, when he found out there was an
"Is this a typo?"
...for the most part. In his defense, Thor'd had the assistance of not only the entirety of Asgard, but also quite a few of the more accomplished Midgardians— whereas Loki had only his wits to help him.
But he'd fought too long and too hard to set his boundaries. If he hadn't taken this kind of bullshit from Howard or Stane, he sure as hell wasn't taking it from anyone else.
In his chair, Coulson made a soft, wounded noise while Clint cringed.
Tony felt incredibly offended on principle: even if he'd been curious before, this guy showing just how little he'd considered Tony's opinion killed off any interest he [
But that's the thing, isn't it?
did we miss this?!"
Can’t.
...low blow. Even Thor was able to notice he'd crossed a line, impossible as though it may have been not five years ago.
Here’s the thing: at the end of the day, some people don’t get along. Just too similar, some personalities clash and either get along like a house on fire or fight relentlessly. Tony and Howard Stark were two such people: both brilliant and passionate about their interests, both trying to make a difference in the world, both fiercely protective of the people they deem family.
As he made his way to Steve's crash site, part of him felt bad for not doing more for the timeline, but...what was he supposed to do? Just by leaving the Alps he'd already removed one of HYDRA's greatest assets from the equation, he was too tired to deal with anything else at this point. It's not like he owed the universe anything, anyway.
James ‘Bucky’ Barnes had
]— even as Iron Man took flight from the burned-out remains of what had once been an AIM bunker.
The following presentation didn’t exactly help, either.
was lost.
Steve wasn't the only one who had turned to stare.
“What?” Steve knew he sounded defensive, but…he was lost, [
"Mother misses you."
"HYDRA," Clint coughed.
Steve looked at Director Fury with a wordless plea in his eyes, but the man just shook his head. “He’s right. I know you have this idealized image of Howard, but you’re going to need to get rid of that stat, Rogers.”
In reality, he couldn't stand to be in the same room as his father for more than five minutes, and Howard routinely threatened to disinherit him every time he so much as put a toe out of line.
everyone else snapped to attention.
Wanda and Pietro Maximoff running around and making a name for themselves in activism, but..." Coulson frowned down at his notes, then turned to Hill with a slight frown.
"—thought he had a handle on this, why did he even—"
Maybe she was taking a risk here, but...he'd already proven he was more trustworthy than some members of her own damn network. Almost complete stranger or not, he was the reason she was still alive. Her gut instinct said he was okay, and thus far it hadn't led her astray, so...
Which,
“I could’ve sworn Steve told you guys during that whole ‘civil war’ mess.” Bucky replied, now frowning for a completely different reason. “He knew. Wait, shit, did he tell
"What does it matter? We know he's dirty, we just need to tell Howard—"
"What happened to Tony was a tragedy, we all expected him to come back from Afghanistan,
was the nice guy who could be persuaded to change his mind, given enough evidence. Was the one people went to when they needed help, because despite having an expressionless mask, he was far more approachable than his spiteful asshole of an employer. Was the one who, in his spare time, did a lot of heavy lifting during disaster relief work, and was always chipper as he extended a hand to anyone who needed it.
he could do, just knowing some of the language and their customs. It’d be a better bet than risking the timeline, since he didn’t know much about time travel beyond some of Sam's favorite movies but he didn't want to prevent Tony or Sam or Shuri or any of the others from being born…eh. Whatever. He'd figure it out somehow along the way.
he discovered he'd eaten something his stomach disagreed with.
Bucky blinked. "
Were it not for Natasha's hand on his arm, he would've stepped in already. As it was, Steve was sorely tempted to just shrug it off and interfere anyway; this was meant to be a routine surveillance mission to check up on what Howard was up to, his disguise was decent but wouldn't hold up to the type of scrutiny Howard was capable of, but...
Steve Rogers startled. He wasn't the only one, just the one to jolt the table enough to net him a dirty look from Maria Hill as she scrambled to keep her notes from falling.
In this world, however, everyone had other priorities than coddling junior agents who saw danger in every shadow. For instance, the notorious blood feud between SHIELD and HYDRA, which continued to attract media coverage with every altercation they had. Or some maniacs running around in yellow beekeeper suits, or the Red Room, or the emergence of other groups who continued to make reality that much more fantastical with every day that passed.
"Among other things, yes."
Worst of all, though, was the whole situation with Tony Stark.
this is getting off topic, anyone know if we had an AIM like this?"
Then he opened his own folder, and understood completely as he nearly fell from his chair.
And nothing scared her more than the thought of leaving her son alone to deal with Howard. Not after what they'd seen he was capable of.
His sigh came out as garbled static, before he stiffened.
"We're seriously going to just let this happen?"
I'm okay with this. You can't be serious about letting this shit happen again, what is
The first time Iron Man ran into the Avengers, it was an accident.
"We don't need you burning out, Hill." He finally said.
Cue timeskip, and everyone starts going their separate ways but keep in touch. Tony goes "I'm an adult now, I'm fine" to his mom, and like 5 minutes later gets kidnapped by AIM. [AIM plotline, go! onto the next installment]
He appreciated it— right now, he just wanted to be alone right now, maybe break a punching bag or three. Just…he needed to think.
"I don't know." He raised an eyebrow but obligingly shook her hand, amused despite himself. "Right now I'm going by Logan."
the announcer continued in the background, showing yet another picture of an adorable seven-year-old beaming up at a camera, and Steve felt a pang of...
Unfortunately, Maria could understand only too well why. Even now, his split knuckles were closing up before her eyes, and considering his display back there?
"What is it you are proposing?"
"Buddy, you're not the only one running from something." Maria quirked a smile as she gave him a sidelong look.
He'd almost made it out clear when an enormous green blur
Because his memories
Except said gentleman was Howard Stark, who, despite pushing 80, was giving back just as good as he was getting.
— he lost his father, how could he not?— but in this place, he is accepted. He gets listened to without judgement, learns new ways and unlearns old toxic habits— and, as time goes by, starts to heal. He still carries the scars of past hurts, still carries an immense anger at the injustice of the world— but he does not let this define him.
For every dig they made at him, Tony responded in kind. Influence was lost and gained by inches, he could count on one hand how many people he could trust, and if the stakes weren't so high he might have left— but Stark Industries was a titan and he
and, looking at the bomb with his literal name on it not three yards away, all Tony sees is an out.
He cut himself off, taking deep breaths as he turned away.
killed the Starks?” Clint cut in, all previous amusement gone. “I thought it was…”
"What are they, anyway?"
] and the entire situation was...
" Deputy Director Hill's voice was dangerously flat.
For as long as he'd known him, Obie had been the closest thing he'd had to an uncle. [
He'd always been struck by how much Tony had resembled his father, but.
As such, Stephen was completely unprepared when his portal opened up not to the New York Sanctum, but a firefight in middle of a desert.
"Cap, you're the one closest in range. Thor, Widow—"
“So I’m assuming we’re bringing him in?” Natasha asked, not looking away from the last data point. “Or are we trying to get word out some other way?”
Clint looked a mix between thunderstruck and highly entertained, Natasha merely nodded and shared a look with Maria Hill, Phil Coulson looked pained and Director Fury merely pinched the bridge of his nose as he sighed.
likes this, Clint. But it's not like we've got any better options right now. Tony's still MIA, and I don't think I need to tell you that we're trying to avoid bringing Howard Stark for anything short of the end of the world."
want to touch that with a ten-foot pole, but...
By the time King Azzuri showed up, he mostly had a grasp on how he was going to approach this mess, though it helped that
Because even years out of the game, Tony knew his guns: kind of hard not to, considering how many he'd designed by the time he'd gotten his driver's license.
“Who is it?”
This time, it was Deputy Director Hill who gave him a flat look. "You've never had to deal with Howard Stark or Obadiah Stane, have you."
"Yes and no. We have
From there, it's muscle memory to get to a safe place and check on Tony, and he doesn't even notice the familiar weight of the Eye until the Ancient One mentions it and he knows there's so many questions they have but it's
“You know that’s the second time someone’s told me that,” Tony tells her. “I’m just here for the kid.”
“Uh...I don’t know.”
“Why are we talking about this now? We just buried him and you’re already asking about the fucking shield!”
“He’s pushing,” Tony responds when his mate is unable to form any words. “This is really it, huh?”
“What happened? What did you do?” Bucky accuses.
“Tony.” Steve steps closer and Tony moves away again.
“Oh. Wow that’s...that’s big, Tony. Are you okay?”
“You mean the night you can’t remember?”
Peter lies back against his pillows and gets comfortable. He continues to stare at the picture, at Blue. He keeps one hand over his belly, a smile forming over his face.
Steve is lying in bed, his back turned and he’s curled up in a ball. He looks so small and broken, a complete contrast to his usual self. It’s heartbreaking.
Steve screams in outrage and brings a clenched fist down against the alpha’s jaw, bruising the skin there. He issues another punch, this time to the alpha’s nose and blood pours from his broken nose.
“Then why would you think I’d hurt him?”
“Just go away. I don’t want to see you ever again.” Peter lifts his head to glare in his dad’s direction. “It’s all your fault.”
He’s the reason why they can’t go out anymore; why they don’t get intimate; why they fight. He was the reason for all of the negativity. If he could just stop beating himself up over every little thing then maybe they could go on more dates. If he would stop hating his appearance then maybe they’d kiss more and have sex. If he would stop getting angry and losing control then maybe they wouldn’t fight anymore.
“Just give him some space. I’m not going to tell you not to bother with your dad; that’s entirely up to you and I don’t have a say.”
“I need to know something,” Tony says and Steve peers up at him. He knows he needs to be careful when choosing his words. He doesn’t want to upset Steve in any way. “Are you-are you...pregnant?”
“None of this is making any sense. What, did you find this guy on the streets?”
It wasn’t to say that the rest of his teammates weren’t happy about the news; they all made sure to congratulate him, and for the most part they seemed sincere. But the silence that followed only meant that they had questions.
The contraction ends and Steve rushes to gather his belongings for the hospital. He regrets coming out to the lake house. If they were back at the compound then he’d only have to go down to the medbay to give birth. The lake house was their private home, and at the time it had been perfect to hide away until their daughter arrived. Steve hadn’t anticipated Tony’s emergency and the baby’s early arrival.
“Your son is fine. But we...found something else.”
“Okay. I’ll try to get better. I promise.”
The first thing Tony does is pour himself a glass of scotch. There were emails that still needed to be read and replied to, but he saves them for tomorrow. He was exhausted.
Feeding was still another issue that had yet to improve. Steve struggled the most. At least, that’s how he felt. Holding his son was still foreign. The baby was so tiny in his arms, and Steve feared he might end up being too rough. He was made to be indestructible, a military weapon. How could he possibly hold and care for such a fragile thing?
“What are you doing down here?” Pepper comes closer, her eyes roaming over the array of parts and tools scattered around the workbench.
Bucky doesn’t mean to sneak up on his nephew, but years and years of training as not only a sniper but the world’s deadliest assassin made it hard not to. Peter jumps and yelps in surprise when Bucky knocks softly on the doorframe.
“What?” Peter’s brows scrunch together in confusion.
Steve knows he’s pregnant before even taking a test. He’s been pregnant three times and knows his body well enough-
“You are mean!” Harley points back.
Pepper shakes her head but doesn’t say anything else. They’re nearing the private exit now, only to stop when someone calls out to them. They both turn, finding Tony rushing after them.
“Do you feel better, mommy?”
Tony huffs. “That’s it? Damnit, I thought he’d be here by now. It’s like what...midnight? One?”
Steve’s eyes glisten with tears and he reaches out for the compass. He tries to speak, his lips moving but no words come out, almost as if it’s too painful to mutter another word.
Well they were trying to enjoy themselves but with Tony's hormones and of course Steve's too haha. These two and their bantering. I will update soon! I think it's time for a baby shower!
Tony isn’t in bed when Steve pokes his head into the master bedroom, and with a huff he heads downstairs in search of his mate. He finds him outside in the garage, not surprised to discover him tinkering away on his new gadgets.
“I know but do you even know him?”
The minutes tick by agonizingly slow. He stuffs his hands into the pocket of his hoodie and rocks back and forth on his heels. He tries to fight the urge to glance at his watch; it’s all he’s been doing since he arrived.
“Shut him up,” the alpha growls.
Tony smiles softly. “I know. It’s okay.”
Sooner or later the uncomfortable conversation regarding Peter’s living situation would come to light. For years no one thought such a conversation would exist; Tony Stark wasn’t supposed to have entered the picture. It came as a shock to learn that he was back and willing to step up and take responsibility for his son.
It feels right saying these words. For the first time in a long time, he starts to believe them. He starts to believe that his pup was finally safe.
The moment Tony left, Steve had called Natasha. He wonders if his friends even knew that Tony had been in the compound. His presence was so unexpected, and then, just like that, he was gone again. Vanished to probably never been seen again.
Steve whines softly. “I’m sorry.”
There’s a moment of hesitation before Jarvis is following through and pulling up everything he can on Tony’s request.
This wasn’t about him and his feelings. This was about Peter, and he needed to get his shit together and be there for his son. Just like he promised he would.
“Caffeine isn’t good for the baby.” Steve frowns.
“Hey,” Tony soothes and squeezes Steve’s hand when he releases a small sob. “Honey, I’m sorry. I know that’s not going to make it better, but I’m so sorry. They’re in a better place. They’re free from him and Hydra.”
“You never told me how it went with Peter.”
“Tony! I’m...close…”
Alexander nods, then he’s gesturing for his men to follow and together they turn and leave. Tony watches as they go, making sure they’re out of sight before turning and heading back to the elevators.
Peter makes sure he’s not too close to avoid unwanted attention. The last thing he needed was security to be called because a teenager was seen outside loitering.
An alarm blares overhead.
“You should have come back.”
Steve doesn’t say those words out loud. He didn’t want to think about his son and Hydra. For all he knew his son could end up being a beta or omega. And even if Peter turned out to be an alpha, would he even be considered perfect? Did such a thing even exist or was Hydra just crossing their fingers and hoping they become the first to create one? Steve rids his mind of those thoughts.
“Stop,” Tony cups Steve’s face. “You can do this. Don’t listen to what that voice says. Just listen to me.”
Tony knew this was coming. Sooner or later his son was going to wonder where the hell he had been after Steve’s death. He didn’t want to tell his son that he was drunk off his ass and hiding away instead of growing up and facing his issues head on.
“I can’t risk it, Tony, I can’t. I’d never forgive myself if I hurt that little girl. Please. Let me go. Let me get better.”
“The only short brunet I like is you.”
He should be jumping joy. And maybe he would be if he wasn’t eight months pregnant. No, that wasn’t entirely true. Even if he was capable of jumping, he wouldn’t give Tony that satisfaction.
“I did.” The alpha nods, considering his original plan. “But then I discovered that you were the perfect donor. I had my suspicions. Why else would I ask for your contribution?”
“And no one will.” Flash steps closer until their faces are just inches apart.
Steve sighs. “I know, I know. I messed up.”
“Yes…but I’m also strong and I can heal pretty quickly. Last week I got a bruise and-”
