“Okay, if you really want to play this game, first things first, Sherlock: Your definition could also apply to doing drugs. But you could say I am basically producing this argument because doing drugs touches your style of life. And second: Seriously-“
John doesn’t answer immediately. Instead he pinches the bridge of his nose while two faint red spots rise on his cheeks. He has moved half a step closer to Sherlock and Sherlock bristles.
Picking up his phone Sherlock’s face became all business, their conversation seemingly already marked off.
Undressing in his bedroom John threw his soiled clothes onto the floor. He had taken a shower earlier but wearing the old garments on his way home made him long for a hot, long bath now. But that bliss had to wait. Tugging into sweatpants and a comfy jumper he stepped down the stairs again into the sitting room and began his thorough search of their whole flat.
All in all it was a pleasant evening. Lestrade and his team had been able to capture a group of drug sellers that had been selling to minors, causing two deaths in the process. The case in itself would have been no more than a 4 to Sherlock, as he had pointed out to John on several occasions, and he probably wouldn't have bothered with it in the first place. But, as John was constantly reminding himself, Sherlock Holmes just couldn’t cope with boredom. Their wall was ample proof - some things just never changed.
He opens a new room in John’s apartment of his mind palace and starts filing everything inside. The room rapidly fills and gets crowded and Sherlock is already tripping over furniture because there is just so much to collect for further examination. The feeling of being thoroughly swept away doesn’t dissipate since it is fairly obvious that this is John’s kiss. He’s doing it and all Sherlock can do is keep up and follow his lead. It’s surprisingly un-messy and not as annoying as he remembers, which is a considerably pleasant development. His body goes ahead and betrays him when John gives an affirmative hum and Sherlock lifts his arms to hold him tighter, to pull him closer. John is on top and has all the possibilities to dictate movements and Sherlock is lacking both leverage and space to push up and take control. But since John is exceptionally good in what he does Sherlock doesn’t try. John, sensing that what he’s doing is indeed wanted and appreciated, leans further into him, changes the angle and their noses bump clumsily. John smiles into the kiss and Sherlock tries to steal that smile that he will undoubtedly find a prominent spot for in this new room on John’s premises of his mind palace to sneak to whenever he sees fit and worship with abandonment.
“Food is
way? But no, there is physical evidence between them suggesting the contrary. So why is he holding back?
Which are all finger food, Sherlock presumes, and while John ticks them off to the waitress, Sherlock’s face wins the fight against his mood and he cracks a smile. Trust John to surprise and accommodate him and find the things on the menu that Sherlock can easily steal while he studiously keeps on pretending he doesn’t want to eat at all.
Sherlock narrows his eyes and is definitely sure now that there is something off about John. His face is scrunched, his hands fully clenched into fists and he radiates palpable waves of unhappiness.
flower. Foxglove or digitalis purpurea to give it its scientific name. Very fascinating flower with a variety of deadly toxins. But still only
Reading him well, John grabs his hand, turns around and kneels between Sherlock’s legs, a small grin on his face. The sheet has come loose around his hips and legs and Sherlock feels the color rising in his cheeks due to the spectacular amount of hard muscles under tan skin John is flashing him with. His own cock certainly deems it spectacular.
It is just past eight o’clock now and the last toxin test on the cardstock will take at least another forty minutes. Sherlock is getting a bit restless, idle waiting not exactly being his forte. It has crossed his mind that someone may have overheard him and Molly talking about cardiac arrhythmias when he brought the mice here. After all foxglove is a known naturopathic medicine against cardiac arrhythmias but since they’d had that discussion at around 2:30 am on a Sunday it’s all highly unlikely.
“John-,” Sherlock starts, confused and unsure about how to proceed with the sentence but John talks over him.
The man turned to his companions.
"Sherlock, I am going out," John announced when he put a fourth cup of tea next to Sherlock on the table.
John watched transfixed as those clever hands worked the fabric out of the way and then he lost the air from his lungs and the sense from his mind when Sherlock slowly dipped his fingers into his boxers.
Despite himself laughter bubbles out of Sherlock and John leans forward to kiss it off his lips. “Don’t get me wrong, Sherlock,” he says, giggling and still gloriously breathless, “I didn’t correct the gender part but very much emphasized that my chosen date was indeed beautiful.” John looks at him and his eyes grow serious. “I also emphasized how brilliant and breathtaking my date was, utterly unique and I had never in my life met anyone like them. ” He huffs an incredulous laugh, shaking his head but not breaking their eye contact. “That he didn’t realize it was
Sherlock purses his lips and instantly retreats to the known ground of snarky defense.
“Sherlock, why did you…”
“Three years. I am glancing at you for three years now.”
“Even you already use Sherlock’s weird ranking system.”
A minute later, there was a knock on the door. It opened, and a nurse stepped in.
He meets John in the hallway beside the door to the loo when he emerges out of his room, fully dressed into his third best suit and a crisp black shirt. Lestrade is still in the kitchen, talking on the phone and munching on a slice of toast in between and cannot see them. Sherlock smiles and reaches out an arm. It seems as though John has had much the same idea because the moment he sees Sherlock, he flies over to him and kisses him abundantly. “Knowing
Sherlock was still standing directly in front of him, grey-green eyes staring at him. John couldn’t deny that his heart went wild, his cheeks burned. Or, would have burned, if it hadn’t been so dreadfully cold. Nevertheless, he had to turn around and hide his face and the thoughts that he was sure were written all over it. His heart ached.
author's note:
When they reached a second junction, John finally knew where they were. The main street wasn’t too far away, and they might have been able to escape into the subway or catch a stray cab. He felt his momentum pulling him straight ahead into the alley, but Sherlock yanked him to the right, and behind a dark batch of wooden trash. A few seconds later, he saw the two drug dealers crossing the junction. If he had kept running, they might have seen him.
- John texts around 4pm when all Sherlock wants to do is dig into pig intestines in the morgue and not soil his phone with blood and gore. He is elbow deep into said pig carcass looking for the spleen with his eyes closed. You never know when that kind of knowledge and dexterity might come in handy.
All color drained from Sherlock’s face.
John. “I have a fairly good idea about the cabbie that drove the two victims to the river bank. We might ask him about a specific little device Molly’s found. Take your gun.”
“John, I assure you that I have indeed heard about something like that. But have you ever known me to do casual when anything important is concerned? Casual is a concept unacquainted to me. I either do something properly or I refrain from doing it at all.”
He turned around and swept from the room, leaving a very agitated Sherlock who stormed off to the adjacent bathroom only to emerge a few minutes later; his upper body washed, and his shirt changed.
Last night’s dinner at Angelo’s has provided Sherlock with another clue. An important one. Even though John’s knees had touched his several times and the general plenitude of patrons in the restaurant had created a certain physical closeness and a distinct feeling of intimacy in the small and secluded area they were sitting in at their table, John hadn’t glanced at him the whole night. If Sherlock were so inclined he’d call the atmosphere rather,
“How long will John be gone?”
Kisa, darling, thanx for being so outworldly patient while I rant about things.
But Sherlock ignores her completely and is nearly grateful when he reaches the street where he hails a cab, practically tumbles into the backseat and immediately turns his head towards the window to just breathe.
“We hacked it three weeks ago, while you were busy playing the remorseful fallen angel, finally returning home. You didn’t notice.”
“I am very sure. You go ahead.”
John looked sheepish.
Mycroft had seemed all business up until this moment but when he turned around John thought he saw something in his eyes, something… terrifyingly sad. It might have been just a fraud but all of a sudden Mycroft looked genuinely afflicted, his troubled eyes somehow belying his cool demeanor. It was just a moment, though, and then Mycroft was in control again.
“A sound deduction, John,” Sherlock replies, his timbre a bit on the mock-acerbic side. “But
are either holding hands, sitting in the windows of restaurants, dreadfully close, or towing around giant bouquets of flowers to give to beloved ones.
In the cab Sherlock keeps his gaze fixed on the streets where they rush by outside the car window. It’s past nine o’clock but the city still buzzes with bustling energy. The pavements are full of people, mostly couples, occasionally small groups of both friends and couples. They sit in the window seats of restaurants and coffee shops and parade their togetherness beneath the trees and around busy street corners. Beneath street lamps, where the halos illuminate them like actors on stage. It is a mild, lovely evening for the fact that it is february and there are considerably more cars on the streets. No doubt more people on their way to theaters, cinemas, restaurants and the parks of London.
Willfulness notwithstanding, Sherlock fell and it had caused an undesirable amount of pain and darkness. And sometimes, when Sherlock looks at John and sees that look returned in blue, gold flecked eyes, he has to fight flashbacks of that darkness, that pain. Pain that has led him astray, has left him terrified and his heart brittle and weak...
John huffed, then reached for a book lying on the kitchen table and put it in Sherlock's hand with force.
He heard Sherlock shuffling around the room and judged it safe enough to turn around again.
Sherlock shook his head, his shoulders tense and a small sound escaped his lips when he put his head down next to John’s, his lips very close to his ear.
“Ah, then you’ll have to be patient,” John concludes, his mirth evident behind the mock-pity of his voice.
He must have growled in exasperation and annoyance or else made a sound because there is a hand on his shoulder and when he turns, Lestrade gives him an inquiring look.
“Shouldn’t you know?” he asks, irritated, and suddenly it is not a present-situation anymore but rather more of a conundrum-situation. Sherlock’s interest is piqued, despite everything.
The cab turns a corner and stops at a red traffic light but Sherlock is too numb to bother being angry at the delay. Maybe, if he just sits still and doesn’t move while the city creeps by, if he just retreats into his mind palace and blocks out every notion, every hateful image, maybe then will he be able to endure this cab ride with John sitting so close to him their coats brush before he can escape home and exile himself to his room.
“I’ve been thinking about this a lot,” John whispers when he breaks the kiss, his breath a sweet weight against Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock looks up into his eyes. His hands are crammed into John’s sides, still awkward. His eyelids flutter. John doesn’t move. He’s still in Sherlock’s lap and it’s more than gravity that keeps him there.
“I want to hold you, Sherlock. Let me?”
have. John is smart and observant and, mixed signals be damned, Sherlock has practically worn his heart on his sleeve half of the day. First in the lab when John had gotten so close Sherlock had nearly forgotten himself and kissed him. His visible jealousy afterwards when he found out John had actually planned a date with someone else. The prospect of Lestrade going on a date with Mycroft, of all people; of
“Hey, it’s them!”
“Absolutely.”
“I want to
Sherlock pulls his hands out of the carcass and flips the nitrile gloves into the bin without looking. There is a bit of gore on the cuff of his shirt where he’s rolled it up but it slid down stubbornly. Molly hands him a tissue. “So,” she says conversationally, “John?”
Over the rim of his tea cup Sherlock silently looks at him.
“Sherlock, this has to stop. How can I trust you? Yes, you came back, but you left me to believe you’re dead - and I don’t know why - and now it looks like you’re using drugs again. And then we-- That’s so frustrating.”
“No, stop,” Sherlock panted, sitting up. It seemed to take all his strength to keep from falling back onto the mattress and just let John ravish him until it was too late to share.
, is off about the whole situation. He was expecting John to grumble and then admit everything, maybe even accuse him of ruining his attempts at a more carnal progress to tonight’s dating plans, because Sherlock is right and there are no secrets that John with his expressive face could ever hide from him. However, he didn’t expect John to look genuinely bewildered.
His lip was throbbing madly by now. He must have bitten it in the chase. When he lifted his hands into his field of vision, he saw how dirty they were from hiding behind heaps of trash.
"That was hours ago as well, I've been out on a date."
The way Sherlock’s face flushed and he averted his gaze made him laugh out loud. He heard Sherlock huff in exasperation.
It was Lestrade.
However, before the taxi can leave the kerb, the opposite door silently opens and Sherlock feels another body slide in and dip the leather seat. In the rearview mirror the cabbie raises a questioning eyebrow but Sherlock only shrugs. He doesn’t have to turn his head to know John has joined him - a whiff of tea and cologne has already given him away. John stays silent. He looks straight ahead and when Sherlock is too numb to give their Baker Street address, John does. As the cab finally takes off, the silence between them does not feel companionable. In fact, it has never felt like such an insurmountable chasm before.
“Nevermind, where were we? So...” He’s towering over Sherlock and strokes a hand over his cheekbones, teasingly, his eyes gleaming wickedly all of a sudden and Sherlock stares, enthralled, thinking how magnificent a person John is. “As I see it, the test results of that digitalis flower won’t be due until much later today and Speedy’s is open until 10pm, so what do you say to, maybe-“ John trails of and skims sturdy fingers down Sherlock chest, delicately brushing a nipple. Sherlock shivers.
He straightens on his lab stool and stretches his neck. His own phones has chimed several times with texts but he hasn’t bothered to check. Since John is here and definitely not texting him, it will only be Mycroft, because Lestrade would have called and Mycroft is probably the last person he wants to talk to right now.
Sherlock swallowed awkwardly and cleared his throat.
Men don’t get flowers on Valentine’s Day, full stop. A man like John Watson shouldn’t get flowers on Valentine’s Day, full stop. A man like John Watson deserves so much more, would want for so much more, all the evidence tells him so. Sherlock doesn’t know what John Watson wants.
It’s like breathing together, freely and naturally, on a cliff in the moonlight where he’s pressed his face to John’s. Real. He slowly relaxes and presses his lower back into the chair for balance.
They had been sharing a lazy afternoon in their living room, John reading a book and Sherlock playing the violin for hours. John had felt perfectly comfortable, Sherlock’s soft music lulling him into serenity. When he had asked Sherlock what he was playing, the other had just hummed at him.
“Yes, isn’t that a real Sherlockian 9?” He heard Lestrade laugh.
John glances first and then after a moment properly looks at Sherlock.
“So far.”
John instantly huffs a laugh and the sound reverberates through the silent bedroom. “You’ve figured that out, didn’t you?”
him... everywhere. To loose himself within John and just find out how far that sweet warmth between their skin can take them…
John’s body is inches from him, his hands still at Sherlock’s chest and waist and his mouth is tilted into a very lovely smile, his eyes ablaze with light and a second later Sherlock hears him laugh.
“Are you fucking kidding me? I just … if I let you…”
“No, you can have it,” Sherlock negates and tugs up his collar, “It’s yours.”
“I know you’re disappointed with me, but I can’t. I am not doing this.”
“I’ve lost a considerable amount of innocence, decency and well-wishing to the world since I met you, Sherlock.”
“It’s really good to see you back with Sherlock, mate, you didn’t seem yourself after… you know…”
He once thought about how it is solely a construct of a very bizarre friendship that he could offer John. But now that Sherlock knows how it is to be enamoured he also knows with clarity that, whatever it is they are having, it is not enough. So it might be time to get a grip, reassess - and then offer something else.
"Sherlock, you're acting the high-functioning sociopath again," John said, getting up to retrieve the bottle of rum from the kitchen drawer.
Being engrossed in the task the way he is, Sherlock doesn’t immediately notice John step away. Now that the immediate danger has past and it’s not explosives, John apparently deems it safe enough to start following his coming-home-after-a-shift-at-the-clinic-routine. Which starts with a cup of tea. For each of them if John can help it and Sherlock is at home and amenable. What he doesn’t know is that Sherlock would basically be amenable to mostly anything John suggests, but these days he bristles at being too conspicuous about it. He can ignore or make use of other people’s goldfish-tendencies but his own are tedious and intolerable.
“Yes, good idea,” John says but doesn’t elaborate.
All this unnecessary confusion is part of the reason why he usually keeps away from sentiments. He doesn’t really understand the notion of desiring someone’s close proximity - of desiring
He is so wrapped up in his own thoughts that he only notices John when the man steps in front of him with a cup of tea in his hands.
The ground they were lying on suddenly creaked again. John saw Sherlock’s eyes widen, a startled cry on his lips, as the metal on their right gave way. The platform beneath them was tipping into a dark hollow beneath the ground, and material was tearing and breaking. John felt a sudden vertigo as they tumbled backwards into the pit. The last he saw, before he hit his head on a piece of rubbish, were Sherlock’s wide grey-green eyes locked into his, and the red-blue lights associated with police cars. Then pain exploded in his head and he passed out.
has happened between them in the lab. However, beneath the table John hasn’t pulled his leg away and a Valentine’s dinner with John, Sherlock decides, is actually something definitely worth repeating.
The press of his lips make John hum again and Sherlock lips and tongue vibrate. “Yeah,” John agrees after a few more firm kisses that, Sherlock notes with relief, have a reassuring effect on both of them. He tucks Sherlock’s head down onto his shoulder and pushes his fingers into Sherlock’s hair to lazily twirl his curls.
“I never would,” he says and swallows because his next words are the truth and John’s eyes glimmer dark grey and intense. “I’d rather sit through that dreadful playing of yours than betray your confidence, John.”
“John, no,” Sherlock says and it’s really hard to not give himself whiplash, because he’s rolling his eyes so hard while underneath his heart beats ten miles per minute. “I am not likable. People don’t like me.” Which Sherlock knows is true from experiences. Manifold experiences. But it’s hardly his fault that normal people react to the truth of his deductions in ways that, mostly, are uncalled for. May those ways lead either to a bloody nose, a black eye or being showered in insults and threats of utmost harm. Sherlock is what and who he is and he refuses to change for something as dull and pedestrian as social niceties. Always will. Always ready to convey that willingness, or rather lack thereof, in any way, shape or form he sees fit. He certainly knows John likes that witty snarkiness about Sherlock and Sherlock certainly likes that about John as well as John’s compassion, smartness and general sass. But no matter how you twist and turn it, people in general don’t like Sherlock because he’s difficult and even though John evidently does, it is hardly John’s fault he doesn’t like him in the
It isn’t like John to wear one of his best jumpers while fully lounging at home on an uneventful night. So a date later tonight perhaps? It has certainly been a while now. Three months? Four?
He glances over to where John walks beside him, hands stiff at his hips, back military straight. They have fallen into silence again and Sherlock considers. If John could only just see it. Just look at him and be aware of what is lingering between them, what Sherlock has put there. The jealousy. The want. The desire.
He gripped Sherlock’s elbow with his free hand and let his nose travel up to Sherlock’s ear and into his dark curls and then he just knew.
“Graham, your timing is again unfavourable.”
Thanx to Kisa, my awesome and patient beta-reader.
they require trusting people and people are idiots. He had been lost, led astray into his darkest hours and he’s been trying for years now, not to dwell on his experiences and how much they have cost him, but to protect his mind and sanity and do what he’s best at. Do what gives him reason and purpose.
His musing was interrupted when a certain carnal need made itself plain and he got out of the bed to go to the bathroom. His face in the mirror showed him a purple bruise on his jaw and a bandage around his head but his lip had already started to scab over. He growled to himself, his eyes roaming over his tired complexion, his mussy hair. He decided to take a quick shower now and soak in the bathtub later at home.
It feels decidedly weird to say it but Sherlock does nevertheless “talk?”
Sherlock stares because something,
Sherlock adoringly stumbled over the word “kissed” and harrumphed. His arm that wasn’t holding onto his wrist had slowly lifted upwards to gently and hesitantly skim the side of John’s body and when it reached his shoulder, Sherlock held on tight for a moment before lifting it even higher to tenderly stroke his delicate fingers through a few strands of John’s sandy-blond hair.
Just like John is when he glances at him come to think of it.
“You’re ridiculous,” he huffs and when John smiles even wider and nudges him playfully in the ribs, Sherlock sits up, lets John’s upper body slip into his lap and leans forward to cup his hands around John’s tanned face. “Utterly ridiculous.” He touches his lips to John’s for a second and feels giddy and happy when John encircles one wrist to keep him there.
Taking a step backwards John felt like his worst fears had just been confirmed. He rubbed his nose.
Time was ticking by in slow motion. Or maybe John’s mental capabilities had accelerated. There was suddenly so much space in his head, and for a moment, he wondered if this was how Sherlock always felt. Maybe that was why the slender detective got bored so easily.
Sherlock’s head is still so wrapped up in the dream that he only nods but doesn’t pay close attention to what he’s babbling.
____________________________________
“Oh, no…”
What is going on?
But again John is having none of it. “This is Thai, you love Thai. Come on,” he orders before climbing the four steps up to the entrance and opening the door.
He shook his head in mockery, feeling at ease when Sherlock turned to him with an incredulous expression on his face.
“I never hide things in my coat, John, that would be too obvious.”
Sherlock lets his gaze meander around their flat and ends up looking at his own reflection in the window. It is dark outside and the curtains are open, he can see the whole room and once he shifts a little to the right he can also see John… glancing at him. It is very short, barely a whole moment but it catches Sherlock completely off guard in a way that makes him flinch and spill an unhealthy amount of very hot tea into his lap.
John cleared his throat.
“When did you notice me glance?”
To his surprise and irritation John huffs a breathy laugh next to him. “It’s Valentine’s Day, Sherlock. Maybe you have a secret admirer.” John voice doesn’t sound half as funny and benevolent as his words might suggest, so Sherlock chooses to ignore the remark as such and instead focuses on John’s face. Really, this day is getting better and better. First the intestines, then the announcement of a present from John, now this enticing conundrum and on top of that John appears to be deliciously… “Jealous?” Sherlock smirks because the thought is hilarious. In what universe could John have any reason at all to be jealous when it’s
Sherlock nodded, his look becoming first insecure, then blank. He crossed is arms over his lean chest. John decided to press on, nevertheless. This just had to be done.
What is it that makes John do that? Sherlock casts a look around to Lestrade, Anderson and a forensic whose name he hadn’t bothered to remember but it appears no one has paid John enough attention to notice anything. The underlying tension in the room tells him that everybody is waiting for him to either deduce the incident, get into a strop or, in Anderson's case, come up blank. Though that is a favor Sherlock will never do. It is quite a feat to not constantly allude to how useless and presumptuous he finds the man.
John looks him over from where he is still standing facing the counter. “Well, not the normal profile, no. You don’t fit into that.” he says, thinks and then elaborates “You are a profile of your own.”
John’s heart clenched together painfully.
“Sherlock…”
“Never, where would I go without you--“
“What”, Sherlock asks again and scrunches his nose but John immediately waves a hand at him. “It’s the delivery service, it appears they went and delivered your present to the wrong address. God, this is so silly.” Turning to Sherlock, he explains, “The package is at Speedy’s. Has been since yesterday afternoon, in fact. They must have sent it with another company, otherwise I would have received it when I got the anonymous one. This is just…” He huffs a mirthless laugh and lets the offending phone fall onto the floor. “And guess what Mycroft texted me about yesterday at Bart’s. And I didn’t check it.”
“I was under the impression that I owe you dinner and drinks, but lunch is fine with me.”
Sherlock looked like he was giving a speech, his eyes were flashing as they always were when he was completely convinced by what he was saying.
“--because you-- are worth it.”
“And what does that mean?” John heard himself say and flinched because his voice sounded so daft in his ears.
On Wednesday afternoon he texted Sherlock to inquire where he was and if he was fine. The answer came immediately, informing him that Sherlock was safe and sound and currently busy in the morgue. A minute later his phone buzzed again.
They are at a crime scene on Tuesday around noon when John glances at him again. There is a body on the floor amidst a puddle of half dried blood in a house a few streets from St. Mary’s Hospital. A man had died mere hours ago in his study with all the doors and windows locked from the inside while his wife had been downstairs in the parlour watching TV. Sherlock loves it though he’s trying not to let his excitement show too much. Not that he’s afraid of compromising the situation, of showing too little compassion - he doesn’t care about compassion or slipslop but John has repeatedly reminded him how inappropriate it is to show too much enthusiasm over murder.
One thought comes to mind, though, and Sherlock’s smile turns snoot-like as he vows to move hell to
He continues his assessment by fully taking in this enigma opposite at their kitchen table that is John Watson.
John licked his lips.
John only tips his head sideways and looks at him. “This isn’t how it works, Sherlock. You don’t need one. Just... just let me be with you.”
“I missed you. So much. I was-- confused but didn’t want to regret letting another opportunity slip. Especially when it could—when it could have been the last I got. But when you were in that hospital bed after, to my own great surprise, I didn’t get us killed, I realized I should have kissed you because--“
Sherlock’s voice was a soft purr.
A second man appeared at the window, mirroring his companion in raising a gun. John swallowed heavily and found that he had positioned himself in front of Sherlock, semi-blocking him. His chest was heaving laboriously, his brain drowning out all the white noise around him as he tried to estimate their chances for escape, finding them rather limited. In just a few moments, their evening had turned from entertaining to life threatening.
Sherlock settles back into his chair, satisfied that the water hasn’t destroyed all the data, and listens to the whole song list and when the last song slowly fades out and the stereo clicks he restarts it. After the second run he recognizes certain melody fragments and lyrical lines. He doesn’t feel closer to cracking his case but song number six really gets to him. So much that he taps his foot on the floor to the beat. So much that he suddenly feels compelled to get out of his chair and stand in the middle of the room. The tune is really catchy and the arrangement is great, the base line is a downright thrill down his spine. He remembers that it might be one of his Dad’s favorites and where else has he heard it before?
“Well, surely you as his doctor will know best. I won’t interfere with your verdict.”
John’s heart was crashing in his chest and for a second he was afraid he’d snapped Sherlock out of it. But Sherlock let his hands rest on John’s hips, one of his thumbs gently stroking the bit of skin where his shirt had come loose.
“What makes you say that, John?”
"And in what universe is there a connection between neglecting a bad social habit and bad sex? Ah, and don't you think three years would be enough to scare every drinker off, since we're talking about symbolism anyway? Did you know what percentage…"
It really suits John, this glittering silver in the thin strands of his hair and the way he combs it back gives him a strict but benign look that Sherlock has come to appreciate a lot.
Sherlock harrumphed and gripped John’s hand tighter. His voice became very soft.
When Sherlock returns from the loo, he is surprised to find John has already covered their check and is holding Sherlock’s coat. Sherlock wordlessly lets John help him into it, steadfastly refusing to read more into the gesture because John is an attentive person and
Sherlock saved him an answer by determinedly stepping into his space to close one delicate hand around his left wrist, his voice almost pleading when he continued to speak.
He lowered his head and stepped in front of the bed, hands shaking.
“I know I’ve hurt you badly. I have given that matter a lot of thought in the past days. But what you need to understand is that it was an utter necessity at that point to have you believe I was a fraud. But, please, John--“ Sherlock’s voice faded and he had to clear his throat awkwardly.
“What is everything, Sherlock, what’s that supposed to mean?”
“I don’t know anyone who fits that description.” Which is not true, Sherlock has to amend, because such an ‘anyone’ is currently leaning at the doorframe only a few inches from him, gazing at him in what Sherlock thinks is barely contained anger and a tad uncertainty. But John has already denied having instigated that particular present, his body language only emphasizing that denial. Which is too bad, frankly.
“I know.”
Both started to chuckle and it felt as inappropriate as giggling at a crime scene. Here they sat, trapped, and likely to be shot at anytime, laughing because they couldn’t contain themselves. Everything just felt so unreal, especially when Sherlock cautiously put his arm around John’s shoulders to offer more warmth.
“That’s not just a feeling, I assure you. You go to Scotland Yard, paperwork is so dull.”
There are a few questions he has to ask before they can talk about stipulations – or whatever is required now.
John nodded and she left the room, but not without glancing at Sherlock, who still stood at the window. John’s stomach suddenly felt slack. People tended to notice so much more of Sherlock than they did of him, and for just a second, John permitted himself to look at Sherlock through an outsider’s eyes. Tall and elegant built, slender chest, piercing eyes. Satin curls framing a handsome face with ridiculously high cheekbones… Kissable mouth… He wondered if Sherlock knew his effect on most people. Well, the effect he had on them before he started insulting them or pissing them off…
“I just— You didn’t exactly ever give me any clues.” He puffs out breath. “Glad we established that.”
“You are priceless, Sherlock,” he managed to say before Sherlock rolled his eyes and picked up his pillow to dump it unceremoniously onto John’s head.
, the feeling of John’s arms around him, touching him, holding him…
John looked at the little white roll on his tray, and the bleary glass bowl with brownish pudding, and took the cup of coffee. He made a face at the taste of the lukewarm concoction, and decided to try something else instead. He reached out his hand and his gaze flickered to Sherlock… who was watching him intently. John’s hand started to shake, and he gripped the edge of the bedside table.
Sherlock hums dismissively, grateful for the change of topic. “I did. And to others.”
“Yes. That was amazing, John.”
“By deducing you and your night’s ordeal, John.”
Stumbling in the dark earlier, Sherlock had bumped into a small shelf that had clattered to the floor, blocking half of the door now. John leaned down to pick it up again. Whatever was about to happen, from now on, he wanted the space in front of the door unclaimed by rubbish.
The buzzing stopped after a few seconds and John had already forgotten about it again, Sherlock’s hands at his jaw and at his waist made that only too easy, when it was suddenly Sherlock’s phone that made itself heard in his pocket.
, the tenderness that his experiments have lacked and that John so naturally provides.
"You are always at war with the world, I know. But I am not playing your game today, Sherlock, so shut up."
“You sure?” Sherlock asks, softly, and wants to reach out a hand and touch John’s shoulder but John has already stepped away.
He reached out his hands but instead of drawing him in again, he lifted John up onto his knees and began pushing down his pants and boxers. John watched him, his mind strangely detached, as Sherlock pushed the garments down his thighs and made him sit back, so he could pull them off and discard them. They joined the rest of their clothes in an untidy heap on the floor. Sherlock’s gaze was roaming over him and his hands soon followed suit. Then he took him in his arms and tipped backwards, taking John with him. They shuddered deliciously when their bodies touched without any separating fabric between them. Sherlock opened his legs to cradle John between them, their cocks touching for the first time.
Sherlock seemed to realize he had gotten carried away and gave John a melodramatic hand gesture that clearly emphasized his lack of sympathy for how John could actually rank these kind of carnal experiences over those of brain and intellect. John was perplexed how Sherlock could have gotten so worked up about the potentialities of dating, for god’s sake. It wasn’t like they were debating these topics on a regular basis. He didn’t even know Sherlock was interested in these kind of things. Or that he had ever though about them in the first place. It was highly unusual and John wondered exactly why they were having this conversation.
When Sherlock suddenly stumbled on the last step of the staircase, John took a good look at their surroundings. The front door through which they had come in earlier was too far away to make a dash, even in the unlikely case that Sherlock could equally detach himself and follow. And with the guns that he felt at the moment pointed at the back of his head, that option was fairly out of reach.
“Lock them into the office and then see about storing the equipment,” he told the other two men before turning to Sherlock.
“Sit down, sit down, let us have a cosy cup of tea now to pass the time, shall we? I might need a doctor’s advice for my hip.”
John couldn’t believe how matter-of-factly those words sounded. He kept his careful distance to the other man, biting his already raw lip. He felt the anger back in his belly, the warm feeling from only this morning gone.
I don’t own Sherlock but if I did, I’d give him to John.
Sherlock is crouching at the dead body’s side, his hands fumbling with his magnifying glass and John is on one knee next to him. Glancing at him. Sherlock feels his skin prickle for a second and goes very still.
“There was you, John, you chased an umbrella and I
“Quite an interesting choice of words. But I am afraid it is nothing quite so inept. As it is, my brother downright refused to see a therapist when I brought him back. He said he’s comfortable enough being home at 221B, solving cases with you, Dr. Watson,” he added when John’s head snapped around to stare at him.
He turns and sees his own horrification mirrored in John’s pale and dirty face. There is something else in John’s eyes that Sherlock finds hard to describe. It may be a grim sadness because John is a compassionate person and human tragedies always affect him in a way Sherlock has never felt the need to sympathize with before.
, John never winks at him in real life and Sherlock would prefer that on any given day because texting winks and not following through with them in real life just bloody
It’s been all about hands and blunt fingertips, skin and sound and blue eyes gazing at him and wouldn’t it have been so utterly distracting and time consuming, thus keeping him from The Work, Sherlock might have considered a quick dash into the shower to just do something about it.
He puts his foot down and thoroughly berates himself on the way back to NSY not to lose his head just because John Watson had glanced repeatedly at him and his own mind is getting unbelievably carried away with this. If this is how normal human beings handle love and sentiments, he thinks with a surge of sarcasm, he can see all too well how the world is going down.
When Sherlock was eight years old he’d stumbled into ballet classes at school and despite the fact that he’d been the only boy present Sherlock had found that he’d really liked it. It lasted only for the brief period of four and a half months and it is one of the secrets he’s never going to share with anyone and would always deny and take to the grave. But his body surely remembers the malleability of an eight-years-old and how to pirouette.
He bends his arms, lifts his right leg and though his trousers prove to be a tad too tight, he masters a full twirl.
“Mummy wants to know if you’re alive, and how Dr. Watson is doing. So be a dear and give her a call. Dr. Watson, my pleasure.”
They have agreed to go out to dinner and will leave as soon as Lestrade is back from questioning the suspects of their prevailing case.
______________________________________
They were breathing hard when John pulled Sherlock even closer. He heard the floor beneath them creak again, but his brain only barely registered it. His mouth crashed into Sherlock’s, effectively drowning out his train of thought. With Sherlock’s soft lips on his own, one hand in Sherlock’s hair, the other at his lapel, it all seemed unreal. To his utter surprise he felt Sherlock kiss him back, fiercely, fully enclosing him in his arms. They were both on their knees and Sherlock’s upper body tilted sideways against the wall. John slid half onto him, chest to chest, thigh to thigh, mouth to mouth…
It feels a bit out of time and reality and Sherlock spins through possible reasons for John’s behavior but momentarily comes up blank. John looks like a lost boy somehow, his head tilted slightly to the right, his eyes shy. Sherlock feels compelled to stare down onto his laptop in simulated busy oblivion while the skin around his neck starts to tingle.
“Your choice of words, Sherlock… spoken like a true romantic at heart.”
“I haven’t seen Sherlock since monday midmorning here at home.”
, he thinks in a soupçon of childish recalcitrance - for the sake of his mind’s health and all that he holds dear and precious he hopes John is encountering the same emotional distress. It would only be fair,
Last night, for once, romanticism hasn’t bothered him at all. In fact, sitting there with John had reminded him of their first dinner at Angelo’s, when he’d thought John had tried to flirt with him. He’d been completely overtaxed in that situation then and finds himself wondering now if there is a chance that he’d really been John’s romantic interest. At least at that time when they’d known each other for only a day. It is not a topic they have indulged themselves in, ever. Sherlock isn’t really inclined to believe that John’s tastes run in his direction at all because John is probably the person Sherlock knows best in the world and whatever it is John might want romantically, it isn’t at all this bizarre friendship Sherlock offers him. He’s not even sure it’s something other than perfectly female.
“As it is, I am just not sharing all the details, that’s all. You would know if you’d been paying more attention to what I am saying, John.”
__________________
“No, it’s not important,” he says and when Sherlock looks closer, John turns away.
Christ, could this be any more seductive? John had glanced upwards the moment Sherlock’s hips ground against him. The way his mouth had fallen open and his hands pressed into the matrass, his fingers gripping fistfuls of linen and a deep moan tumbling from his lips, made John seize Sherlock’s pants and yank them down unceremoniously.
John’s eyes are dark pools of ocean water and Sherlock gets the notion that, if John thinks he’s a coward, then that makes two of them.
“I am having fun,” Sherlock blurts and mentally curses his inability of remaining focused and not make a sorry fool of himself in front of John again. But there is just such an incredible variety of new data that’s flooding his mind that he finds himself in dire need of proper processing and classification. Needless to say how daft and overwhelmed he feels in the face of this downpour. The four specimen in his experiments at university may have shown him everything about what to expect from carnal exchange and stimuli but they have obviously totally failed him in matters of preparation for the unbelievably distraction and natural force of a true lover’s heartbeat against his own.
John let out a puff of breath.
Sherlock is so lost, so stunned, he blinks and blinks and blinks. Whatever he might have been expecting their stroll in the park to accomplish, it certainly wasn’t that. It wasn’t John offering his deepest heart’s desire on
"I am not acting, I am just trying to figure out how life with an ordinary little mind would be. Ah, got it, absurdly boring", he muttered, his voice rough and dark. John rolled his eyes and chuckled under his breath, feeling only mildly annoyed now.
“But I am—,“ Sherlock trails off, unsure now as he utters immanent self-doubt.
The way John’s expression changes is breathtaking to watch. He instantly lights up at the non-sequitur, obviously eager for a change of topic, too, and a soft smile plays around his mouth. It’s accentuating the lines around his eyes handsomely and Sherlock has to bite down a smile of his own.
“Sherlock, what’s flipping your switch, mmh?” John asks with an amused smile and Sherlock’s attention instantly snaps to his outstretched hand holding the cup of steaming tea in front of him.
He’s indulged in sex at university with four very different ways. The mechanics are clear, predictable. He knows about rubbing, drunken groping and oral exertion, and he certainly knows about penetration and post-coital regret, disappointment and escape. It has all been rash at night and harsh in daylight. Transport in a way Sherlock has come to resent and give up on quickly.
John shook his head, adrenaline rushing through his body and now that he heard Sherlock say these words he knew that, whatever he had told himself the past few days, ignorance and forgiveness were two very separate things.
“Obviously, but I did wonder why. It didn’t all seem to be so much of a— thing the last—”
In order to mask his confusion, he pressed his sleeve onto his lip. It came away bloody. Can’t help it now. He nervously checked his watch. 43 minutes past midnight. It shouldn’t take Lestrade too long to notice the message Sherlock had texted him and come to the right conclusion. Then he would just have to track the phone. So much for theory.
“You think someone has tampered with the petals?” John inquires and Molly shifts his focus to him.
The afternoon John comes back home on is too rainy and brisk for late May. The door clicks when Sherlock is in their sitting room changing his shirt and simultaneously retrieving a bottle of water from the fridge and suddenly there is John standing in the doorway with a carry-on suitcase in his hand, all wet hair and bright eyes and Sherlock’s heart lurches hard to one side.
between their hips where they are slotting together and Sherlock can feel a throb low in his belly. The sensation intensifies as John skims the palms of his hands first halfway up and then down, down,
It made things a little better for him, though, that Sherlock’s face also took on a distinctive shade of red. They sat like that for a few moments before John felt Sherlock exhale, as if having come to a decision. He then leaned forward to gently kiss his forehead. John looked up at him, his heart feeling raw and tender and full of insecure affection towards the man who was leaning in so close to him.
digitalis flower, genius,” he amends with an eye roll, the emphasis on the number. “But who’s giving you one flower? Especially today? Men don’t get flowers on Valentine’s Day. It’s not even a rose.” He sounds puzzled and Sherlock, despite being set a riddle to solve, wants to tuck him deeper into his pocket because John has hit the nail on the head.
“You shouldn’t. My agents are checking on you every once in awhile, Sherlock. And just to make things clear, it was one of my men who called Scotland Yard.”
John’s body gives an involuntary twitch and he snuggles closer still. Warm and damp breath circles Sherlock’s shoulder in deep puffs of air, hip bones press into his side while a kneecap nudges at his upper thigh and comes up to rest over his leg - and where John’s body lazily starts seeking friction flimsy pajama bottoms are just no barrier at all. They do nothing to hide the impact of tissue to tissue, of being to being.
“You got yourself hurt,” he stated and then as an afterthought he asked:
He sat on the sofa and switched on the telly, toying with his phone in hand. His head did not hurt anymore and once he’d taken off the bandage and washed off the dirt he was feeling decent again. He had just reached out his other hand to grab the bottle of rum, that was still standing there from a few days earlier (of course he’d gotten rid of the eyeballs in the progress of searching their flat), filled a glass and downed it when he felt he was calm and strong enough and it had to be now or never. He opened the message field on his phone.
John stares at him for a moment, then nods, wary as if he isn’t sure what Sherlock is aiming at. “Yes, absolutely,” he agrees. His ocean blue gaze fixes on him again but Sherlock finds himself missing the lovely tiny gold dots. Fear tickles back into his guts but Sherlock refuses to let it cloy him.
“Sherlock, oh god, what are you doing to me?”
Well, he does have a point. But Sherlock only grins.
He felt tears sting behind his eyes and his head tilted forward to rest against Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock’s sharp breath caressed his cheeks.
Sherlock exhaled shakily before he continued.
Out of the kitchen John glances at him, just like that very first time Sherlock noticed, and Sherlock can feel it down his spine. His heart gives an angry throb. This time, though, he feels something shift within himself and a moment later he is unable to simply stand not knowing anymore.
John automatically put two cups on the counter before he realized Sherlock would not be in need of one at the moment. He was still staring down at the two cups when he heard a tap on the door and Mrs. Hudson entered the room with a tray in her hands.
John shook with suppressed mirth and had to bite his lower lip.
It is very different now as he hovers over the dead body.
Under different circumstances he would have structured the evening into singular timeframes and make sure to touch his legs to John’s within each frame whenever feasible and as much as he can get away with. Just so that John doesn’t notice a pattern. He would smile as often as possible - the real smile, the one he exclusively keeps for John that makes his features lax and the skin around his eyes crinkle handsomely - without being too obvious about it. He knows he looks favorable in candlelight because it casts alluring shadows around his eyes, tints his pale skin into a softer shade of cream and brings out his cheekbones. John has once admired his cheekbones, so Sherlock shamelessly shows them off as often as possible.
“You’re not old...,” he blurted out the first thing that came to his mind and had to gather himself in the next second, his hand over his eyes. He heard her laugh.
“I didn’t say that,” Sherlock replied and almost as an afterthought he said:
Outside the restaurant Sherlock fidgets with embarrassment and thoroughly berates himself for his lapse. He can’t believe he’s made such a fool out of himself because, clearly, John has noticed. He
Next to him John opens his messages. “He’s texted twice, I didn’t check the one from last night, couldn’t be bothered. He’s telling me to tell you to stop being childish and ignoring your phone.” John chuckles and Sherlock dramatically rolls his eyes.
“Oh, who would have thought, NSY’s
Kisa, darling, thank you for sticking with me until the end. I might have another story for you soon.
“Yours is too far away,” Sherlock said and, intertwining their fingers, took a step backwards down the hallway towards his own bedroom. John didn’t know whether he pushed or Sherlock pulled but they moved along, their eyes never leaving each other.
“But why, Sherlock? You left and never said anything--”
A part of Sherlock’s mind wonders if they are at homonymic sentences again but he shakes it off, left puzzled and with yet another conundrum. Why, after all this waiting on his part, doesn’t John make another move on him just now? It doesn't fit the data Sherlock has collected about him. John is confident, loves sex, loves conquering if the appalling number of women he indulged in is anything to go by and Sherlock is ready to be fair game and redefine his standards - he’s showed as much, there can be no doubt, so why—
So why has it all changed now? And why does John do whatever it is he does? And
Sherlock heard John turn on the shower once he’s entered his bedroom again and listens at the door for a long moment, clad only in a towel around his hips while his curls drip water onto the floor. They hadn’t met in the hallway in front of the loo and it had seemed like John was deliberately giving him space to sort out his thoughts. As Sherlock craned his neck he could see John’s silhouette in the opal glass of the door. He turned and retreated to the privacy of his room when he saw John take off his shirt and bend down to get rid of his trousers. His heart fluttered wildly. He’d been totally unfamiliar with that desire and the longing part and in the quiet of his own room he felt flustered and a bit unsure again.
“John. I have the feeling I’ve been missing out on something I should be clear about. Tell me, how long did it take me to see? Please?”
He might have declared it all tedious before, but would it also be tedious with John?
“Don’t think I don’t see it because I am an old lady.” She gave him a troubled look and John was taken aback, his brain felt numb.
Sherlock became impatient, beckoning him with his hand without looking at him.
He moved first, then he looked back at Sherlock who was clambering in behind him through the window again. His dark curls were wild, his hands clenched into fists, his graceful back was straight, and his face was drawn. One of the men held a gun to his head while the other was guarding John. No one said anything.
Sherlock fixated him and god John found he looked too beautiful and enticing to be true. The leg he had wrapped around John fell back onto the couch. He was panting, his lips red and swollen.
How on earth does John do that, Sherlock wonders yet again and the skin at his neck prickles expectantly. He remembers how John offered him the tea cup last night and firmly forces the incident with its hot content in his lap out of his mind. God, that had been really embarrassing. He hates making a fool of himself but lately that is how life is around John Watson. Sherlock doesn’t understand it at all.
They stand there gazing at each other in silence for another long, long moment and the atmosphere feels charged with anticipation and something else Sherlock cannot find it in him to describe. His neck feels hot and there is a sweet pressure onto the spot where his hairline meets his shoulders. A part of him is already sorry he’s let John step away and out of his private space when John blinks, bites the insides of his right cheek and lowers his eyes.
It was—
Since they’ve moved in together again John’s dating history has been a rather sparse one so it’s perhaps only logical for John now to resume looking for a significant other. Sherlock has strained his patience thin and has repeatedly told himself to be grateful John came back and not to get overly jealous again and scare John’s girlfriends off like he’s done before the fall. But it’s quite a feat, because Sherlock has always been ridiculously possessive towards everything
He exhaled deeply and stepped back, touching his face where Sherlock’s fingers had handled him just a second ago. He found it quite a struggle to casually roll his eyes at Sherlock now.
John bit the insides of his mouth, averting his gaze. It still occasionally took him by surprise how Sherlock’s right-on-the-spot deduction made him feel ridiculous, cutting through him like a sharp knife through delicate tissue, instantly grasping what was wrong but offering no reconciliation. Not that John would have expected him to in the first place. Still, it stung and he was touchy these days.
“Look, John, I am sorry about tonight. I certainly didn’t want us to end up here. It must be your danger fetish that keeps you from living a quiet life, making you run around with me instead.”
Thanx again to my awesome beta-reader Kisa; without her it wouldn't have worked at all.
“John—”
They were searched for their phones and weapons before the men forcing them down the stairs at gunpoint. They walked through a door into the small building that they had been lying on top of before. John found his hands, which were raised above his head, were steady - the urge to protect Sherlock overwriting every nuance of fear he might have felt otherwise.
“Have you eaten anything lately? Do you want the pudding?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but raised his glass nevertheless.
The way John glances at him has changed. It’s also hardly glancing anymore, it’s properly looking now. It has grown open, warm and tender and Sherlock practically baths in John’s attention. It goes both ways, though, and Sherlock wonders if he lives up to whatever criteria John may be applying to or looking for in him. Along with the glances and looks go the touches - small brushes of fingers over tea mugs, files, breakfast plates and shoulders, conveying scintillating flashes of electricity that make Sherlock’s mind swirl and fascinate him in a way that borders on distraction. It takes him a while to realize what exactly it is he’s feeling when John’s eyes are on him. It’s entirely uncharted territory. He’s playing the violin when finally deductions fall into line and he discovers the definition. It hits him totally unpremeditated but he instantly knows that what used to be a slip, an awkward choice of words to John in his bedroom, is irrevocably true: He has fallen in love with John and it’s equally unique and terrifying.
“We’ll have a bottle of rosé, please and six different starters.”
A moment later he finds it.
“But that was, what, four weeks ago?” John’s eyes are still very big and in order to properly look at Sherlock he puts a bit of a distance between them that Sherlock instantly wants to erase.
To his surprise Sherlock confirmed with a nod and his eyes crinkled up.
John sees and clears his throat. “It’s already morning” he says and then, mockingly “You know you are far too young to have a heart attack, don’t you”, and leans against the door frame.
Before he can make up his mind and either ask what on
Sherlock is torn between the urge to frown spectacularly at the wink John has texted him - really, a wink,
“You said you don’t do casual, Sherlock. I don’t want to do something neither of us can take back.”
John smiles a bit shyly, his hands warm around Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock bristles again, internal defenses up, because there are just so many things he’d rather do than sit across an angry John that refuses to look at or talk to him. He plants his feet onto the pavement and straightens his spine, the image of steadfast reluctance, but John is having none of it. With a sigh he wilfully steps closer, puts his hand onto Sherlock’s elbow and even though their skin is separated by several layers of fabric, Sherlock’s arm immediately tingles. He huffs in exasperation and eyes John stubbornly.
Did people truly see that in them? Two parts of the same entity with the only option of fitting closely into each other? Unsound without the other part? Actually telling him to his face was a new feat, though. He knew people talked about them, they always had. But it was usually in low voices behind their backs.
“And what would your advice be worth then, Mycroft? Or are you offering me collateral to induce him to confess?”
It doesn’t matter how futile his current situation with John might be, it’s preferable to what Irene would have done to him and his fragile heart. Only entertaining the mere
There was so much tension between them. And both of them were very aware about it.
There, John glances at him again. Sherlock’s brain is far too busy processing, which thoroughly keeps his mouth shut and all the insults about public transport locked in his throat. The whole magnitude of the mystery has his attention and all his bodily capacities are so entranced and diverted that, when it’s their station, he stumbles out of the train and nearly topples over onto his front. He is able to catch himself on the doorframe of the compartment but it’s a very close call.
John bumped hard into Sherlock in the darkness, feeling him sway. For a moment, Sherlock had both his hands at John’s elbow and chest, his breath in his hair. As he pulled away, John heard something crash to the floor and Sherlock cursed under his breath. A neon light suddenly flickered into being, drenching them in a cold white-blue light.
Well, Sherlock decides that, if this indeed
“Oh my god.”
“Off home to your sweetheart, mate? Where are the flowers?” the cabbie asks him good-naturedly but an annoyed glance towards the man tells Sherlock that he’s not really interested in two-sided small talk. Because the next second the man launches into a monologue about his beautiful wife who’s waiting for him at home. Sherlock feels hard-pressed to not tell the man off because, for once, Valentine’s Day is just a stupid, commercial holiday, and a quick assessment tells him the cabbie is basically showing off, telling white lies, is most likely without any romantic partner whatsoever and probably has the late shift.
“Are you having second thoughts?” Sherlock asked and his voice carried a little edge.
in one sentence. Then their legs under the table and now the bloody heart-shaped Valentine’s chocolate that just acts as the last straw. Sherlock’s been so bloody obvious about everything. Moreover, he might just have disrupted the carefully restored atmosphere around them, because he’s a pathetic, lovesick fool and obviously not immune to goldfish tendencies, to something as pedestrian and illogical as sentiments.
John turned around and gripped the edge of the table, his fingers turning into claws. He couldn’t believe it. Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw that Sherlock had gone pale again. His dark curls contrasted sharply with his fair skin; his mouth was a colorless line.
He touches his tongue to Sherlock’s again, firm and reassuring and hot and the last time someone had kissed Sherlock like that, it had been a brief prelude to more and all too soon had found Sherlock spread on an untidy bed with his legs splayed wide open. Only perfunctory kisses had been bestowed on him in the course of action, taking the real pleasure elsewhere.
“Come sit by me, Sherlock.”
John was looking sideways at Sherlock, wondering for a second exactly why there were touching so much all of a sudden. They’d always been a bit too close to each other but they’d never really touched. John’s confusion grew. In order to quell the effect Sherlock’s touch had on him, he increased his tempo, overtaking him. As they turned around the next bend, this probably saved them.
Nor would they have changed the fact that he feels equally spent and restless - and really, ineffably sad and overwhelmed for reasons he fails to understand. He usually finds it easy to go without sleep or food for a few days and still stay on high alert but in the cab on their way home to 221B he’s fidgety with both a longing he has never known before and plain exhaustion. John looks tired too even though he’s had a kip 23 hours ago while Sherlock was browsing police archives.
With these words he practically bounced out the door and John had to hurry to gulp down his tea for he felt he needed the extra amount of rum now more than ever.
Underneath John’s sturdy fingers, where they rest against his palm, Sherlock’s pulse picks up pace and thrums, fast and unmistakable, and Sherlock must have turned his wrist somehow because suddenly his hand lies properly in John’s, holding onto it. As they regard one another, Sherlock thinks that, perhaps, talking isn’t such a tedious thing at all and perhaps he might indeed succeed in extrapolating John’s emotional disposition and how he would react to Sherlock’s. He clears his throat and just makes to ask for more data to figure out what`s behind it all and has tainted the atmosphere around them, when a sudden wind emerges. It’s not strong, not a proper breeze where it caresses his face, but with itself it carries a whiff of John’s cologne. Along with that other scent that, after five years, Sherlock knows to be uniquely John.
He can certainly detect the tiniest lie a suspect gives, an aberration in a tale told for the second time. He can tell if someone hides or embellishes data and guess at the motivation behind it. But he’s always found it rather hard to deduce himself, his own issues and where he stands in other people’s esteem. Mycroft may have told him that caring is not an advantage and for Mycroft himself this might be the standard. The small number of exceptions that he tends to gloss over with sarcasm and biting humor hasn’t exactly made it adequate to take a leaf out of his book, though. Sherlock inwardly curses the influence Mycroft has always had over him but decided it is something to deal with later.
“It must have come as a blow, seeing him surface again. Actually, I was so relieved. I have always wanted to know… Did you two… mmmh… talk about… your… mmmh… it all?”
John really couldn’t help how his heart fluttered in his chest and his cheeks turned a slight red.
Sherlock was lounging on the couch, for once with his own laptop, three untouched cups of tea gone cold on the coffee table, wearing his silk pajamas and nightgown. He was wiggling his toes on the small table in front of him, narrowly avoiding the teacups and a saucer with three human eyeballs, his full concentration directed at the screen of his laptop.
His voice was breathless and it took him quite a considerable amount of self-control to push himself upwards and away from Sherlock’s warm and inviting body. It was just too easy to get carried away on this but John suddenly found he was a tad scared.
Creeping towards the door, John cautiously pushed his head into the space between the hinge and case, looking around. He still couldn’t hear anything. Maybe the other two drug dealers were still storing their material into the transporter in the yard. Sherlock appeared next to him in the door, and John instinctively grabbed his wrist, giving it a quick squeeze. He was relieved when Sherlock didn’t shy away.
it has happened but every cell, every fiber in his body hums with that wonderful intimacy blooming between them that is only just
John smiles his lovely smile, laughter lurking behind his eyes. “Anytime you like, Sherlock, seriously,” he answers the question Sherlock has asked aloud. “Yes— that’s good,” Sherlock says and means more than these three simple words could possibly convey. He shifts a little under the sprawl John’s body is doing in his lap. It’s really nice, this lap full of John. It’s quite an improvement to how he normally sits in his chair.
He hadn’t felt John’s eyes on him in three days.
The fact is that Sherlock has given up bothering what other people think about him when he’s learned caring comes with a price. School and university have been bitter teachers. Victor and Redbeard have been as well. He knows about the fragility of his own heart and therefore has never offered it to anyone before. It is stupid, anyway, offering one’s heart, he thinks with a trace of sarcasm and disdain, because what is the heart other than a collocation of nerves and vessels and blood and tissue?
, but if I remember correctly, which I am sure I do, you’ve rather enjoyed it yesterday. We could also have a soak- together, if you like.”
_________________
suss it all out. It irks him - he’s at a loss and when John doesn’t make sense, nothing does.
Reluctantly Sherlock picked his right hand off John’s nape and fumbled in his pocket for the phone. His hands were trembling badly and he nearly dropped it.
Sherlock’s gaze quivered and became genuinely perplexed.
Disclaimer:
He can feel Lestrade looking at him a second later with evaluative interest but thankfully the other man doesn’t elaborate any further. Instead he points onto the picture of a young woman he’s given Sherlock with the file.
“Yeah, but I’m going to get breakfast first. You too?”
It wasn’t long before John heard the door click and when he turned around Sherlock was standing in the sitting room, all coat flaps and flushed high cheekbones as if a gust of cold wind had just blown him in. He took off his coat and shoes and John immediately noticed a bloody cut on this left eyebrow. He sighed inwardly and put his blanket aside to get up.
His lips, though, his lips still tingle where John’s had touched them.
is Sherlock recently feeling so incredibly nervous around him?
Quieting his brain, he let his attraction to Sherlock take control. He raised his hand and cupped Sherlock’s face, thumb gently stroking his kissable bottom lip. They locked eyes and there was this peculiar something going on behind Sherlock’s grey-green once again. For a second, John thought Sherlock looked scared. But then he felt himself pulled in closer, very slowly, and his gaze locked on Sherlock’s mouth. He saw him whisper his name and stopped thinking. His eyes fluttered shut, and then Sherlock shyly kissed the space just below his chipped lip as John’s whole world came tumbling down.
“You are perfectly aware that I do not exactly fit into your romantic profile?” The words sound terribly matter-of-factly but Sherlock manages throughout the sentence to let his voice rise half an octave so he can brush it off as a question.
“Don’t be ridiculous. I said trivialities are not my area.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and before John could answer, he grabbed John’s hand that held the phone and put both to his ear.
Sherlock can practically feel more deductions fall in line. In fact, the gist of it strikes him like a blow in the face and he is not nescient any longer.
Crossing his legs under himself he swats at Sherlock where he tries to pinch John’s phone and they both frown at each other. Mycroft next to never texts John for the sake of texting John. He usually only resorts to conveying a message to John when Sherlock is unavailable or simply ignores him and Mycroft is counting on John to get his meaning across. If only in infuriating Sherlock enough to pick up his own phone and text a curt reply. Sherlock doesn’t think John is hiding something from him, another chat partner or other vital goings-on but a surge of familiar jealousy towards everything that he has to share John with gurgles through his guts at the interruption and he suddenly detests Mycroft and his meddling with a force he hasn’t known since university.
“Yes, it does.”
Knowing Sherlock as well as he did, he could see antagonistic emotions flying over his face: calculation, joy, panic… and embarrassment. John licked his lips. It seemed like everything had changed again in the past 30 minutes. Lestrade’s and Donovan’s visit had snapped him out of his emotional mood and brought him back to reality. When he looked over to Sherlock, John remembered that he had actually been really angry with him. For multiple reasons. He was getting angry again now. As much as their weird new situation - or whatever it was they were having - made him feel uncertain about himself and his feelings, he had to face the facts now, and not get sidetracked.
-part in particular is the thing causing most of his internal trouble.
He’s never really listened to it before, at least consciously. He’s found the CD jammed in the jacket pocket of a drowned child, a boy approximately 7 years of age, fair, curly hair, underfed, that had been found floating on the Thames earlier that day. He really, really dislikes cases with children and has been reluctant to offer his assistance but when the only immediately obtainable clue to confirming the identity of the child proved to be said CD, he’d been intrigued despite himself.
“It was adequate to make that decision," he stated matter-of-factly.
“Hey, good morning,” John murmured with the wish to make Sherlock wake softly because he didn’t want to spoil him a glorious morning.
John was distracted when Sherlock shifted his weight a bit and put both his hands onto his waist, clearly impatient and already annoyed due to the phone call and its inappropriate timing. John looked up at him and sighed, trying to keep up with what Lestrade told him. Something Lestrade had said caugh his attention.
What he is supposed to do once he knows he doesn’t have the vaguest notion about. He may have to resort to chross that bridge when he comes to it.
They look at each other for a few long moments, smiling and it feels totally out of time before John’s face gets screwed into a yawn he tries to stifle by turning his head into the pillow. “If we don’t go back to sleep now, Sherlock, I’ll be too worn and tired to crawl through the sewers again with you tomorrow or do anything remotely productive” he states good-naturedly, his hand a steady weight within shocks of dark and messy curls. “You can take Anderson or Donovan.”
“I am so glad I possess the ability to amuse you so much. This from the man who believes in the completely daft superstition of clinking glasses because he’s afraid of bad sex.”
Sherlock sounded annoyingly self-satisfied.
“Yes, I know you, and I have seen a lot of your friend Holmes - not only lately. He never meddled with my business, though. He let it thrive and prosper.”
Sherlock had surprised him genuinely with his shyness and a certain degree of awkwardness. John had wondered whether that stemmed from lack of past commitment, limited experience or just nerves. It was probably a combination of all three that made Sherlock tremble deliciously in his arms, his lips soon kiss-swollen, his look dazed and his hands clutching John’s body in a fascinating mixture of wonder, greed and desperation. Sherlock's hands had roved over his back, his chest, his shoulders and face to touch as much of John as he could. Sweet little sounds had escaped him and he had tilted his head back when John’s teeth had grazed over the pulse point at his throat, only to tighten his grip around him and blush down to his collarbones. His shirt was in the way, blocking John’s view, and John had wondered how far that blush actually extended.
Sherlock remained absent and so John found himself with far too much time on his hands. Checking in with his colleagues at work he learned that they were filling in his shifts and that is was stressful but fine.
Sherlock cracked a fond smile.
“John, you’re with Sherlock, good. I’ve just rang you up. I wanted to share news worth a 9 on Sherlock’s crime scale, and you will like it.”
Sherlock lifted his right index finger and pointed at him.
John didn’t let him finish. Both his arms lifted as if on their own volition and John pressed himself firmly into Sherlock’s space, chest to chest, in the inevitable urge to be as close as he could possibly get.
“No.”
Sherlock fell quiet, closing his features and John had to avert his gaze to keep from blushing hotly.
John’s finger shook violently when he tried to text an answer. But Sherlock was faster.
John’s eyes grow very big and Sherlock realizes John couldn’t be sure about his reactions. The hours between dusk and dawn may be a time less real but maybe there is more John has to say. And there isn’t a thing about John that’s not worth noting.
“I need you two to come to the Yard to identify him and do some paperwork. How’s the head? Can you come first thing tomorrow?”
His hands found their way under Sherlock’s shirt and he popped the two lowest buttons. His fingers slit beneath the starched fabric and over the panes of his stomach that trembled under his touch. Sherlock shuddered deliciously when John’s fingers pinched one delicate nipple and a soft groan escaped him. If Sherlock really meant what he said, John wouldn’t hesitate any longer.
Sherlock opens the case of “Thriller” and carefully slips his fingers between the cover and the plastic. The paper booklet inside is soaked and has started to dissolve around the edges but not so much as may have been the case if the body had been in the water longer.
“Why would I be taking him out to dinner?” Sherlock is thrown for the same loop again but Molly only cocks an eyebrow as if she expects him to be either obnoxious or obtuse on purpose. “Because it’s Valentine’s Day and I thought-“
“Why do you think I’d give you something you don’t need?” John asks, incredulous, before stopping himself and shaking his head dismissively. “We’ll come to that,” he placates and squeezes Sherlock’s hand reassuringly. He doesn’t let go, though, and Sherlock cannot fathom why but right now, John is speaking again. “Just let me get this straight first because whatever you’ve cooked up in that massive brain of yours, you got that bit wrong. There is no female.” Sherlock can practically see John gearing up to the next words. “Likely will never be.”
It’s utter bliss - it’s wonder and elation, like a warm gust of wind around his body and Sherlock feels the skin around his neck tingle deliciously again. It is so intense this time, he can feel it down his back and up into his scalp and he makes quite a show of buttoning up his shirt and tucking it into his trousers, playing for time to savour the feeling.
“I think you did but I am still trying to get all the pieces together.”
To his surprise the doctor huffs a laugh and a bit of the twinkle that Sherlock adores so much comes back into his eyes. “Oh, that’s it, I get it. My god, Sherlock, you... Are you- No - Could you be… jealous? But I thought…” Shaking his head John says, “I texted with Molly at the lab, you git.
He jumps out of his chair, spills more tea, curses again and out of the corner of his eyes he sees John smile fondly and roll his eyes.
“Mycroft told me to expect you here. Check your mobile, Sherlock, and answer your texts.”
But before they could engage in more, there was a knock on the door.  A second later Lestrade walked into the room, followed by Detective Donovan. They seemed to be in the middle of an argument, because both were looking at each other when they came in, faces set in angry lines.
Sherlock’s gaze flickered to John’s lips as if he wanted to resume kissing him but didn’t quite know how to get there.
“None so far.” Sherlock rakes a hand through his curls in consternation, before he grabs his tea. Everything is wrong about the drink when he takes the first sip apart from the fact that it is heavily dosed with honey, no doubt to cover the poor taste, and that John has brought it to him.
__________________
John pushed himself offof the couch, using his momentum to pull Sherlock along. He took his hand in his own, and like Sherlock had done before, lifted it up to plant a soft kiss into Sherlock's palm.
John is utterly invested and Sherlock is at his command; the warmth spreading from all the places John touches him to tingle over his entire body is thoroughly overwhelming. A flash of ocean blue eyes and Sherlock is once more lost at sea, panting when John takes mercy on him and releases his lips to rest their brows together. Peripherally, Sherlock is relieved to notice John is panting, too.
“You are being utterly absurd, John. Sexual intercourse is first and foremost a matter of individual perception and, as it appears in our case, is intensified by romantic involvement. So if last night is anything to go by—as far as I am concerned you needn’t be afraid. I am certainly not.”
“I guess I am okay. This is a hospital, Sherlock.”
“Oh.”
John felt a sudden rush of adrenalin jarring through him, and without really processing what he was doing, he grabbed the telephone receiver off the table. He then turned around and used his momentum to hurl the device into the direction of the man, who was still lounging next to the door, hitting him square in the face.
John shakes his head vigorously when he says, “No, no, I am not angry with you, why would you think that? It’s me who-“ He waves a hand through the air, lost for words. “I don’t really understand what’s going on, to be frank.” He moves and a moment later he is standing right in front of Sherlock, feet planted into the ground and shoulders set in a firm line.
He is an outsider to all circumstances - a silent observer.
“It’s alright. Just promise me that the next time you suggest going out and having fun, you’re taking me out to dinner or drinks. Somewhere a lot warmer… and a lot less frightening.”
“No positive results, no clues?”
“Uff.”
Sherlock huffs in annoyance. So much for calm and skillful manipulation; navigating the tricky waters of his sentiments while he’s sentimental is very, very frustrating, nearly as much as not being able to reign in said sentiments and do what he’s good at. He’s close to just tear himself away from John, go home and hide in his bedroom to lick his wounds. Maybe get drunk, he thinks sardonically, humans seem to enjoy inebriation a lot when things don’t turn out as they desire. He could as well get drunk tonight.
He had taken the box downstairs after putting everything back into place in Sherlock’s bedroom. He knew it didn’t look like he had never been in there but it didn’t really matter, anyway. Sherlock would know in any case, had already known he’d come here to check and left the box within easy reach. John’s head had ached when he’s sat down on the couch and put said box on the coffee table in front of him. He had stared at it again for a couple of minutes, before, feeling overly dramatic, had taken it out along with old newspapers that had been residing on the floor next to the door for ages now in a rush and had burned everything in the next available trash bin. His chest was still heaving laboriously by the time he had gotten back into the sitting room and had tumbled down onto the couch, feeling utterly spent and tired. He had fallen asleep within seconds.
“Apologies,” he says, meaning his awkward words and clumsiness, not his romantic insight. “I am— “ He doesn’t know what to say but John’s blue eyes are ablaze with light. He’s radiant, his body exuding energy and warmth. There is not a single trace of chagrin. It’s absolutely captivating how self-confident John apparently is in matters concerning his own body and if he finds Sherlock sidetracked or awkward he doesn't show. Sherlock knows that, as long as John keeps on favoring him with both his lovely smile and these enticing glances, he can be inclined to just endure his own immanent stupidity and awkwardness a little longer.
“Yes, considering the fact that I got him out of Serbia you are coming to the right conclusion. I did have a hand in his ventures. Indeed I did. He hunted Moriarty's men in Eastern Europe on my orders. As to the reason why, you will have to wait for him to tell you himself. But I never kept him from contacting you, that happened by his own doings. I assure you, it would have been tough but possible. He just never asked. But be that as it may, I am very sure you will convince him to talk when he is ready. It does ease my discomfort, though, that he hasn’t succumbed to drugs. Yet.”
“I didn’t-“, John shakes his head in befuddlement, takes half a step closer to Sherlock and uncrosses his arms to put them onto his hips. “This isn’t mine.”
Their first morning after.
The bed was separating them and Sherlock looked at him, his gaze flickering repeatedly down onto matrass and linen, an expression like stage fright on his face. Without giving it much thought, John simply reached out his hand and brought his knees to rest onto the matrass, his feet dangling in mid-air.
Sherlock had started to shuffle his feet on the dusty floor. Both were compelled to start speaking, but Sherlock’s voice proved to be more determined.
where only the limitations of Sherlock’s pajama waistband restrain him, his eyes full of a desire Sherlock has never seen directed at him in any way before. A desire that seems to encompass more than just his body.
“Come with me.”
John is wearing a dark grey cardigan over a crisp red button down shirt and Sherlock wonders how this change of heart concerning modern fashion sense has come to pass. Sherlock’s own attire is, as always, impeccable. He is clad in a dark grey suit - no coat because it is a warm day in May - with matching dark blue shirt that makes his eyes shine. They look alarmingly good together in a contrasting sort of way - John fair where he is dark, compact where he is lissome. Sherlock sees his eyes widen fractionally in the window at the observation. John’s arm brushes his again and it dawns upon Sherlock that John is actually quite handsome and attractive. For a man his size, he thinks a moment later in mock pretend and is in fact startled when he feels a bit ridiculous and ashamed.
“I knew it would be a bad idea exposing you to crap telly. It will just increase your general annoyance with the world,” he said and took his own teacup into his hands. He was standing in the middle on the room now and felt uncomfortable about where to sit. Sherlock was still on the couch and it looked like he was going to stay there, his delicate fingers playing absentmindedly with a pleat of John’s blanket. John realized how uncomfortable he looked the moment after it was getting too obvious and dropped down on the couch as well. He felt Sherlock’s gaze upon him before the other shifted uneasily against the pillows. The air around them felt unbearably heavy. And that probably was what made John yearn to work certain things off his chest.
“You may want to know why Sherlock didn’t tell you anything but that is not for me to say.”
A chagrined expression crosses Lestrade’s face and Sherlock wants to scream. “Sorry to hear that, mate, I know you were quite smitten with that one,” he sympathizes, clearly uncomfortable, and if he’d stand any closer to John he might have actually awkwardly patted him on the shoulder. Instead he straightens both his tie and his shoulders and when he looks at Sherlock again, his chin is set.
Behind a clay-bricked storehouse, a dark figure beckoned to them. They followed it silently down a narrow alley, between two houses looming before a waxing moon. John felt an eerie shiver sliding down his back and took out his mobile to text Lestrade. But Sherlock stopped him by putting his hand over it, shaking his head and taking the phone out of his hands. John’s brow furrowed, his fingers tingling where Sherlock had touched them.
“Don’t move, or I swear I’ll shoot you myself,” John heard the man say to Sherlock. Their eyes met again, Sherlock’s gaze flickering to his lips. Time was still going by in slow motion, and looking at Sherlock with a gun pressed to his head, John’s mind flew back to that dreadful day when Sherlock had jumped off the roof. There had been blood everywhere, staining the pavement. Sherlock hadn’t moved, his gaze congealed, his life had been smashed out of him… and John had felt so numb and helpless… His mind wrapped around Sherlock with a bullet in his clever brain, eyes extinguished.
“My informant tells me they’re moving their equipment tonight, because Scotland Yard is too close. Finally Lestrade gets it right.”
John is actually intending or follow through himself and tilt his head downwards to claim that gorgeous mouth where it so readily hovers inches before his face, several things happen simultaneously. His phone chimes again in the inner pocket of his suit jacket, and there is a clattering of footsteps behind the door to their lab before Lestrade bursts into the room.
He shook his head, at a loss. What had he done wrong? What was he misreading? God, it was heavily frustrating how much he suddenly felt like an intruder in his own flat and guilt washed over him. This was the place he felt at home. But was it also still home to Sherlock? The other man must feel strange because he could only come home at night so as to not run into John. Yes, he did check on him, though, if Mrs. Hudson wasn’t making things up. But how it must feel to him, sneaking into his own flat because things had gotten out of hand between them. John felt terrible. Confused. Left out. And somehow also left behind again.
When Mrs. Hudson nodded, John made to pass her but she stepped in his way, an earnest look on her lined face.
John smiles, deeply satisfied, a twinkle in his eyes. This is definitely how he likes John best and Sherlock thinks that he could watch John’s smile for ages - in fact, he always feels slightly drunk on it, bewitched. When John crosses his arms in front of his chest, the fabric of his fuzzy jumper produces a soft swooshing noise and Sherlock wants to gather him in his arms and squeeze him or at least put him into his pocket and keep him forever.
“I--”
Lying here in his bed, listening to his own breathing - in and out, inhaling, exhaling, Sherlock is thoroughly swept away by how
“The first time in the kitchen the night you cooked that thing with chicken and chickpeas.”
John fixed two new cups and when the water was boiling he added a healthy swig of rum into his own.
But, no, even if it all pans out to Sherlock’s desire, it probably wouldn’t, because John is a romantic and would want to verbally acknowledge something as life-changing as a potential romantic relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock had moved closer to him and bumping their noses together, he locked eyes with John’s.
flirting, then it is a game for two. He raises an eyebrow, acting coy. “Waiting is
“You don’t want to get that?”
“The person who sent this to you,” John says, dipping his chin to indicate the box and its contents. He is standing in the doorway to the kitchen, one hand in the pocket of his jeans, the other between his hip and the wall. Both half-clenched into fists, expressive face cautious. “You really have no idea?”
“Okay, I grant you that joke on my expanse, John. If I am not very much mistaken you showed me last night. Twice.”
He shuts away his revelations and goes about the day with an uneventful though very long shower, a cup of tea and Mrs. Hudson’s almond biscuits. He misses John and their easy domesticity terribly and discovers a new quality of missing someone. It’s the kind that goes with a painful clenching of the heart, the kind that mere fighting against just doesn’t offer release. Loneliness is not a concept unknown to him, mind, but since he met John Sherlock has felt it considerably less.
It is around 10pm when John takes him home. He’d stood by his side in silence, as the rock in the waves when the body was salvaged and brought to the morgue. Unlike others he didn’t offer shallow words of pity or placation. Of things not being Sherlock’s fault or of measures to be undertaken now to get to the culprit and Sherlock is glad he didn’t. They would have offered no release anyway - unsolved riddles never do.
John still didn’t have it in him to formulate an answer when a strong electric jolt raked through him, starting in the palm that Sherlock had just kissed and going straight into his chest.
“That’s everything I have to say on that matter now.”
Sherlock is bending low over the cardstock, scissors in hand. “No. I can honestly tell you I have no idea.”
him I won’t be consulting or investigating his rogue MP, there is nothing as boring as Brexit, why can’t he just shove off?” Sherlock grumbles in annoyance and is startled by John abruptly sitting up straight and holding his phone closer to his face. “Oh.”
Thanx as always to my badass beta-reader Kisa. My thanx also goes to Maik who helped me make it beautiful for John and Sherlock.
"No, I won’t because I just don't understand why you bother with that sister of your friend's wife's. She looks so dull."
“But I don’t have a plan, there was never—,” Sherlock says and realizes how it sums up his whole situation nicely.
Sherlock blinks because John is lying just so close and Sherlock has never truly held anyone.
“But you know when to shut up and take another cap, it’s endearing.”
Sherlock’s voice was like velvet and when he kissed his temple, the gesture was so tender and full of trust that something in John’s heart nearly broke.
Mrs. Hudson was in the hallway when John opened the front door, a tray with two cups and a tiny sugar bowl in hands. It looked like she had just been upstairs in their flat.
“It’s okay.”
But John cut him off.
“Tremendously,” John heard him answer.
Because no music could match the cacophony in his head.
______________
, this isn’t a simple flirt any longer.
John really has small hands, his ears are also small. And his feet. He is currently comfortably tucked into his chair, one leg planted firmly on the floor, the other crossed at his ankle, one elbow on the table top, both hands around the newspaper. Sherlock cannot see his face but the morning sun highlights the few strands of his sandy blond hair visible over the paper. He is turning silver, Sherlock thinks and smiles into his teacup.
In his heart of hearts Sherlock knows he has never craved another person’s very presence the way he’s come to crave John’s. He understands the concept of platonic friendship, no matter how close and exclusive the thing is he has with John. It is true how he’s just clicked with John’s beautiful and amenable mind but it’s always been just that and until quite recently he could have lived a very happy and complacent life without all the emotional entanglements ordinary humans seem to need in their funny little lives.
is just a weird term, thank you very much, and Sherlock refuses to be so pedestrian.
“I see how upset you are with me, and you have every right, but please don’t make me. You said you wanted me to stop being dead, and I heard you. That’s enough.”
Sherlock is half amused, half-surprised about John’s funny way of glossing over the awkward bits. He still looks like he is waiting for further elaboration but it’s all getting a bit hazy now because what does one do in a situation you have only ever experienced under laboratory conditions? It is Sherlock’s turn to blink and blush and John lifts a hand to gently fumble at his right ear lope and cheek bone.
Examining the rest of the box and velvet inlay provides him with no solution whatsoever. He’s dismantled the whole ensemble, careful not to touch the flower more than absolutely necessary, put the respective parts onto the kitchen table and has ignored the teacup John has left for him on the counter out of obstinate spite. John has taken his own cup to the sitting room and busies himself with the newspaper. The silence feels a bit tense but since the flat hasn’t been blown up to smithereens yet neither of them has felt the need for chatter.
“Totally irrelevant. Live mice are totally irrelevant now.”
He only feels John glance at him once. It’s very cursory and missing heat but there is hardly a moment that doesn’t need John’s fullest attention in solving this case. He is full of compassion and grim determination and Sherlock wonders yet again how much more agreeable The Work has become since he’s let John be a part of it. Especially when they interrogate the families again John has his strongest and most valuable moments. He may not be the most observant man but he certainly excelled in certain areas and it baffles Sherlock how it has never ever crossed his mind that, no matter how deeply engrossed in a case he is, there is always space in his mind to accommodate John.
He kissed him fiercely and wound their hands together, pushing them down on either side of Sherlock’s head and when he moved his hips against Sherlock’s it was sweet and intense and so painfully arousing that both of them gasped in unison. Sherlock's eyes were half-closed and his fingers tightened their grip around John’s.
“I am afraid people do, Sherlock. Not everybody is a genius. But I do agree, it’s nonsense, most of it.”
“What’s the time?” John’s sleepy voice inquires close to his ear a moment later. “It’s still dark.” John’s arms come up to hug around Sherlock’s waist in a matter of course, as if they belong right there. His palms fall flat against the panes of his back and spine when John, with a trace of gentle brashness, pulls him down towards him, condemning Sherlock’s former ministrations to futility.
I do not own Sherlock but if I did, I’d give him to John.
John watched Sherlock rake his hands through his hair and litter the floor around him with flakes of wood and dust, his eyes sparkling furiously.
But Sherlock gave nothing away.
Sherlock is a bit thrown for a loop and wonders if Molly, after all these years, has finally put her unfortunate crush behind her and learned to read him. How he reacts to everything
He had been very much relieved that John hadn’t found someone to settle down with during his absence and so had promised himself not to go and ruin it for John lest he’d get angry and leave for good after Sherlock had just gotten him back. Which would hurt. A lot. It’s the most terrifying thing Sherlock can imagine.
John only shakes his head, determined. “We have been living together for how long now? Sure, I know what to expect from you, I don’t wanna change you” he says, thinks and adds “I’ve promised myself to grasp the opportunity should it ever present itself. And I will. I am just a little unsure what it is that you might want.” Thin lips purse for a second. “If you want anything at all, that is. Kissing in the kitchen at night is nice, it really is. But some things don’t feel right anymore once the sun rises.”
He had felt happy, whole. He should have been happy now as well… only he wasn’t. He was torn between yearning to understand why Sherlock had been cruel enough to let him watch how he jumped to his “death” and feeling relieved that it had just been a fake.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And John as well.”
Sherlock growls in frustration and annoyance.
Sherlock had abandoned the table and was pacing the room slowly, his face a mask of business.
Why in god’s name has no one ever told him that being in love with someone creates a desperate need that only reciprocation can satisfy!
“It doesn’t even things up, though, and to tell you the truth I am really angry with both of you. But knowing Sherlock as we both do, I am not sure he is going to spill his heart any time soon. And as it presents itself certainly not to me.”
“Oh, come on, John, you didn’t have to come to Bart’s with me. If you had other plans, you could have just followed through with them.”
“I know, John, that’s the whole point.”
His chin dipped forward, taking in himself, Sherlock and how they were draped together on the sofa.
"But there are going to be people. And they didn't do anything to begin with, it was--"
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
He desperately wants to do something but he finds somehow he can’t. This isn’t protocol. He is 6 feet of trembling melodrama and ineptitude and his eyes are probably full of fear. However, he really, really wants to know how his chances are and if these enticing glances John has given him include a vague possibility of John feeling the same -
John took the little bowl and was surprised that the pudding actually tasted quite nice.
Sherlock feels his cheeks inflame but thankfully it is still too dark for John to see. He nods shallowly.
To their palpable relief, they also don’t get blown up in a wave of heat and force and fire when Sherlock breaks the envelope’s wax seal open. He quickly glances at John, whose face has slacked a little around the mouth in relief, before he slides his fingers under the flap, tugs it out and peers inside.
Sherlock is twirling a biro in his fingers when John turns his head yet again and there it is - John glances at him.
“You-- What?”
“Since when has living with me ever been decent?” he heard Sherlock mutter but after a second he lifted up his feet and put them grudgingly onto the carpet.
He sounded delighted.
“I wonder what I am to him if he cannot confide in me anymore. It’s all gone wrong but I wasn’t the one who let him down.”
“You’re smart, I am sure you can suss it out yourself.”
Sherlock blinks and surges to his feet, delighted. “Oh, good.” He snatches the box out of John’s arms and puts it on the kitchen table. John steps over to him a moment later, now devoid of coat, shoes and scarf, and a whiff of cologne plays around Sherlock’s nose. John has a very benevolent and handsome smile on his face and Sherlock is thrilled. He didn’t even have to do anything and
“You said your date was otherwise occupied,” Sherlock stumbles to say and his eyes involuntarily flicker back to John’s lips. The lips that have just kissed him and still shine with that kiss.
“What? Rejecting a 9 and without the usual attitude?” John heard himself say and he chuckled because it all felt so weird and unreal again. He saw Sherlock’s lips crook into a lopsided smile, his eyes ablaze with light.
“Sherlock, I know you knew the dealer. There are no two ways about it. You’re doing it again. Why? Are you already bored again? I want your supplies... and I swear this time I will tear the whole flat to pieces.”
“Doesn’t seem to go well these days, you always get home before midnight.”
Which is a clever thought, Sherlock assumes. It is certainly the right way to arouse his interest.
“I am not hungry,” he declares and puffs up his chest to loom intimidatingly over John. If the doctor believes Sherlock will act as a pitiful replacement for a missed Valentine’s dinner with a faceless blond, then he needs to reassess and come up with another option because Sherlock will definitely not comply.
“I’d like that very much…”
"You put enough sugar into my tea?"
“It was only for your safety. It wasn’t because I wanted to lie or push you away. It was the best decision I could make back then but that doesn’t mean I don’t regret that I had to make it in the first place.”
“Well…” John smiles fondly, smoothing out the lines around his eyes and, aiming for playful banter, makes a show of thinking before his eyes light up with whatever thought Sherlock is sure John had already decided upon when he suggested a bath. “You’ve probably never had a proper shared bath before.” Eyes turning incandescent, he continues, “I could splash you with water, wash your hair… pull a bit at those gorgeous curls. As far as I remember it got a rather interesting reaction last night and I might want to pursue that.” Running a hand up Sherlock’s face and into his hair, he suggestively does exactly that, chuckling when Sherlock gasps, remembering.
“Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said and gave him his diplomat smile that could mean everything and hide even more. His eyes, though, seemed a little wistful.
They hold each other for a few precious moments before Sherlock feels he has to clarify and volunteer one other appropriately important bit of information. His cheeks flush. “About Buckingham Palace” he says, thinks and hums. “Yes?” John asks as his body seeks renewed friction by reassuringly sliding his arms down Sherlock’s back and over the topmost curve of his arse. New territory. “Just so you know- in case you wondered." He purses his lips. “It’s not true what Mycroft said, about me being alarmed of—” He trails off. It’s kind of embarrassing bringing that up when Lestrade shuffles in the nearby kitchen and might possibly hear their every word. He is still on the phone but will be insufferable if he does and Sherlock concedes that it might be the wrong moment for this kind of admission but John's proximity seems to do funny things to his brain. “Alarmed of- ”
“Don’t move if you know what’s good for you,” he said, motioning for them to stay put, while taking them in with a sardonic smile.
"How do you know this time?"
a delivery you’ve been in quite a foul mood.”
It is Michael Jackson’s “Thriller”, released in 1982, ridiculous cover, totally 80s in all aspects that matter and Google provides him with the information that this particular sample is the original 80s version and not the Special Edition from either 2001 or 2008.
“It’ll be alright, Sherlock, please, sit down. This case is horrible and you really need to sleep, maybe you should go—.”
To John’s utter surprise, Sherlock put his hand on top of his own, his skin soft and warm. When his eyes travelled back up to John’s face, he tilted his head shyly, his gaze flickering repeatedly to his lips. John found him adorable, but was too shy to act on this impulse.
The thought somehow hurts as much as it is startling. Never has science so entirely failed him before. Has made him regret where he’d though he knew better. Has neglected to provide him with the most essential data – that the heart with its sensitivities apparently is a far more important parameter in the chemistry of two beings that he has ever given it credit for. His body may have lost its innocents years ago, but his heart certainly hasn’t.
John nearly laughed.
“Look at his collar of his shirt.”
Sherlock jerks himself awake, momentarily disorientated, his chest heaving laboriously, his eyes wide, wide open and the sound of his own cry in his ears. He’s panting and sits up in bed, his arms and legs tangled into sweaty sheets.
His heart was fluttering when he pushed his blanket and legs out of the way to make space on his bed, but he was relieved when Sherlock rose from his chair to sit close to him. John mustered up his courage and put his hand onto Sherlock’s arm.
“I’ve only ever planned a date with you.
“What do you think would have been
“Okay, right. Then what about the flower?” John has stepped closer and is canting his hips against the kitchen table. After Sherlock’s dismissal of the Woman John’s eyes shine a bit, Sherlock is satisfied to notice. Still, the whole conversation is grating on his nerves.
John let out a shaky breath and looked up to Sherlock. He shook his head, incredulous.
But he couldn’t finish his exclamation, for Mycroft impatiently waved his hand, stepping closer to Sherlock. John felt like a spectator in a theater performance.
"If that’s what I strike you to be I won’t correct you. Still, it sounds like a tedious waste of time, chasing people to… get involved with.”
John cottons on immediately, though. “Good” he simply says and his voice is very low. “I did wonder, of course I did. Last night you said you’re not an innocent and surely that didn’t refer to only snogging— did it?”
“Oh, dear, he’s so busy. Well, you know him, can’t keep his fingers still if his life depended on it. It’s just sad to see him do it alone, but you will be fine soon. I’ve seen him late last night when he came in to change clothes and check on you. He said you were sleeping fine in your bedroom and so he took off again. I bet he hasn’t slept in days, he has.”
“Oh, Sherlock…”
John’s ocean blue eyes are focused exclusively on him, their depth creating a distinctive
“You don’t want to play games, John, this isn’t passing time for you. You want this to be serious. This... with me...”
They regard each other in silence, stalemated, and Sherlock feels his heart throb painfully.
John nodded, weirdly happy with how Sherlock’s voice had caught on the right words. He pushed the bedside table out of the way, feeling reckless.
“I was just wondering what happened to transport?”
Sherlock retrieves the CD he has nicked earlier from Donovan’s desk and holds it in his hands.
In the quiet and dark tunnel somewhere under the streets of London Sherlock, without thinking or calculating, breaks convention. He reaches out a trembling hand and John takes it silently while they wait for Lestrade and his forensics.
“Soo…” John says. He is drawling the word and fixes his gaze to Sherlock’s jaw where his fingers stumble over the faint relief of his two day-stubble. It feels nice. John's voice is a staccato in the background of his mind but Sherlock finds that, at the moment, he is far more enchanted by John's warm skin on his face and the fact that he hasn’t moved out of his lap yet and how his bum presses down on him. He wonders when John will regard it as too much and leave.
“No, it is important to me. And I am past being patient. For Christ’s sake, quit acting the martyr. You’ve already changed everything so much, truly you must see reason.”
Sherlock.
“I won’t hurt you,” John whispered.
Though the question sounds matter-of-factly, John’s voice is soft. Sherlock can only stare because, whatever he’s expected to happen now, it’s not that and, first of all, there is no way at all that he could be angry about his own shortcomings with someone as perfect and scintillating as John Watson.
__________________
4am is very truthful time of day and Sherlock finds his thoughts have strayed from the case and he cannot think logically at all. There are a lot of deductions he still has to employ about the victims and their possible murderers but all that his mind suddenly revolves around is how the knuckles of his fingers between them brush against John’s pelvis when he moves them. How their body are draped around one another, how John is seeking him out. Unabashed. How Sherlock’s own body starts to simmer. It feels intimate in a way nothing ever has before. The last time he’d shared a bed with someone he’d left after they had finished ‘scientific business’. He’d made sure there was no cuddling involved and had felt unbelievably empty on his way home through damp and dark streets but had pushed the sentiment as far down into the vaults of his mind palace as it would go.
author's note: If a text is written
then it is either John thinking or John and Sherlock texting. If it gets too confusing, which I actually don't think it will, just feel free to drop me a line.
It is not his clothes that influences John’s glances towards him. Every time John had employed the enigma of his eyes on him Sherlock had worn a different shirt. He needs more data to suss out a connection. John’s face had looked lost the first and second time Sherlock had noticed him glancing but now, now he is smiling. It is a smile with a secret quality, just there, around the corners of his lips. Sherlock has never thought about John’s lips before but now that he’s started wondering he is aware that they may be thin, yes, but every time John’s tongue dabs them moist Sherlock feels weird lately and has to fight the ridiculous urge to either show off or open the topmost button on his shirt to be able to breathe properly and stop sweating.
He deliberately left the sentence unfinished, got back into his car and stopping on the next street corner John saw how he opened the window to throw his seemingly untouched coffee cup into a waste basket.
“John, I hope you can forgive me someday, ” he whispered, his tone guarded and very serious.
“I didn’t,” Sherlock is quick to agree and they fondly smile at each other. It’s amazing how a smile changes John’s whole body language and Sherlock pushes down his blossoming jealousy about the anonymous date of John’s as deep as it will go. It could all be so incredibly easy if he himself were John’s date. His romantic interest. The thought gives him pause.
"Yes, you were and it was bad," Sherlock stated.
A bullet cracked, chipping the concrete next to him and John scrambled away from the storehouse. He followed Sherlock into the jumble of dark and empty streets. The moon had sunk very low, and wasn’t giving off much light. But he instantly found Sherlock, who waited for him in the darkness. John didn’t stop when he reached him, but grabbed his arm, and together they ran for all they were worth. They reached a junction, and Sherlock pushed John to the left. His heart was close to snapping, his lungs burned, and gusts of harsh breath were leaving him in rapid succession. Still, the adrenaline in his blood kept him going.
John’s chest suddenly felt like it would burst, when a rush of adrenaline, fear and affection swept through him. Sherlock must have sensed this, a small sound escaping his lips as he turned towards him and his hands shot out to grasp John’s shoulders. Sherlock pulled him in, and suddenly John was so terribly afraid to lose this ingenious, insane, beautiful man again, that was sitting next to him in the dirt, when he had just gotten him back. John suddenly felt like he’d wasted so much precious time. He didn’t know what conscious part of his brain took over when he pressed his body into Sherlock’s space, grabbing his collar. He felt Sherlock’s hands around him, his eyes locking onto his lips. It felt right.
Despite the fact that Sherlock had told him he didn’t do emotion, his eyes spoke a different language. They were pools of grey-green, glimmering in the soft orange light from the sofa lamp, and the way they fluttered shut when John pushed his hips down onto Sherlock’s, a low groan escaping his lips, made John’s head feel dizzy with want and desire. He didn’t care about all the bad things anymore, the anger, the arguments that had happened between them in the past weeks since Sherlock had come back. He just felt blissfully glad that he was here, that Sherlock was here, enjoying his company in a way John had never thought were part of any agenda at all.
John found himself staring at Mycroft, he hadn’t even noticed how the car had pulled over onto the pavement in front of 221B Baker Street. He remained seated and looked Mycroft into the eyes.
“Are you sure? It’s probably the only edible thing on this tray.”
_______________________________
. Sherlock grins, chuffed to bits, and his grin widens, when John’s nose twitches and golden lashes flutter to let ocean blue eyes set on him. John’s smile is soft and sleepy and
“No. I am afraid it is all quite inapt”, Sherlock negates. His throat is suddenly tightening with thick emotion and it’s all entirely new territory. It might be true what John has said earlier about kissing in the dark and how it might feel different in the morning. But Sherlock is sure that in their case it won’t. It is not that he isn’t thankful for the relative absence of light because it makes admitting the following a little easier. “I am sorry I didn’t see it, John. Really sorry.”
“You are a generous man and I appreciate that very much.”
What are twenty-two days, three weeks, compared to three years—
On the seat at his side, John twitches abruptly and, despite himself, Sherlock turns, startled.
Sherlock scoffs. “What are you talking about, Gavin? Focus.” He draws himself up to his full height and hopes the amount of dignity he can possibly muster while being draped in frayed sleeping wear in front of a detective inspector is enough to work in his favour. “Why are you here? Go away.”
It seemed like Sherlock, having once started to speak, needed to get everything off his chest.
“Are you already up to having breakfast? I’ve made quite a lot,” John asks when Sherlock shuffles into his chair at their kitchen table.
"Oh, John, please! You know how I hate exchanging pleasantries if it isn’t absolutely necessary." Sherlock's voice dripped of disdain.
“You know,” John says, sliding closer and Sherlock cannot help how his gaze falls down towards John’s broad chest and slides lower still. “I shouldn’t be surprised that your brother monitors me sending you a parcel. I know I also shouldn’t be surprised he’s got someone to actually track... Oh!” Abruptly, John falls silent and some kind of nervous flicker comes into his eyes. “Sherlock,” he says, slowly, “I will remind your brother that not everything we do is his damn business next time I see him. But-”
“I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
"That naturally doesn't mean I want you to be unhappy, though. You may think I don’t know what I am talking about anyway, so if you must, go ahead and get casually involved."
"Why would I care about a stupid saying that only serves as social kit for drunken people?" he exclaimed.
In the end it turns out to be quite a good dinner. The starters and wine are delicious and John pretends to not notice Sherlock stealing more than his fair share of steamed rolls and backed prawn. He even orders a second helping of both dishes and doesn’t bat an eye when Sherlock eats them all, licking sauce from his fingers afterwards. In fact, John tries to hide a fond smile in his wine glass and ostensibly looks the other way. Both conspiratorially fail to address these circumstances and the atmosphere around them noticeably mellows. Sherlock feels placated as they, tentatively, discuss a second bottle of wine while John visibly relaxes and, may it be by design or mistake, bumps his knee repeatedly to Sherlock’s under the table. However, when the waitress approaches them again, John is only half as attentive as before and they only order coffee and a small helping of steamed banana with coconut flakes and honey, which Sherlock tremendously enjoys.
Maybe John trying to make Sherlock confide in him had been too much to ask. Maybe sharing that desperate, mindless kiss had sent them over the edge into forbidden territory.
Sherlock snorts, nostrils flaring. “Of course he does. They’re dating. In fact, they will start tonight and Graham wants to make an impression.” He turns back to Lestrade. “What is it, Graham? Cake and cream in a secluded restaurant or at the club? I’d suggest you eat beforehand, Mycroft is so loath to share. The fact that you’re using the bloody
John’s nerves were raw. He couldn’t afford to lose Sherlock again, no matter the cost. He would do anything to keep him safe, and the inevitability of it crashed through him like lightening. He was determined, adrenaline punching through his veins. His fists clenched together, his heart went wild. No more death…
The buzzing of his phone on the sofa brought a stop to their movements against each other and he felt Sherlock pull away slightly to look at him.
“Are you sure you should open it? Maybe we should get it x-rayed, maybe it’s explosives.”
Sherlock is utterly lost in his conundrum. His microscope on the table, he cuts a thin stripe from the cardstock to test with various chemicals. If the material is abuzz with toxin or anything equally hazardous he will find out. The foxglove will be for later but Sherlock wants to play it safe with the envelope and card first and upon a first cursory inspection the flower seemed untampered with and…
“Then, seriously—“
“Still on.”
He grumbles non-committally, hopes that’s enough of an answer for the cabbie and ignores him for the rest of the ride.
“Where the fuck is Sherlock, is he busy?”
“Which really isn’t a very civil thing to do to your flatmate.”
It had been insufferably easy, giving Sherlock no reconciliation whatsoever, to judge the gangsters, who loitered around schools and parks to sell their stuff, to trap them at it and send five of them to prison. Unfortunately no one seemed to know the location of their drug lab. Furthermore, two of them were able to flee the scene of their capture without having their faces seen, giving Lestrade a sprained ankle in the process of pursuit.
and whether his sentimental affiliation no longer is a secret and has finally come to light. He swallows in unease. “What about John?” he asks, deliberately irritated and much fiercer than the question actually requires, but Molly doesn’t buy it.
He clicked the off-button and let the phone slide through his fingers onto the floor, before his attention snapped back to John. His nervousness seemed evaporated and John licked his lips. Sherlock’s eyes followed the movement.
It seems like
we won’t have time to do that any time soon but I didn’t want to just dash off,” John purrs and caresses a hand over the soft parts of Sherlock’s face between his cheek and jaw.
“You really don’t have any idea who could have sent it to you?” John is asking and Sherlock has to shape up and pay attention. When he looks at him, John’s face is closed again.
John smiles again, meeting Sherlock’s gaze and holding it, the tiny gold flecks in his irises dancing, before the light in his eyes turns teasing.
way or force him, because Sherlock knows that, after five years, John either feels it or he doesn’t and there is nothing Sherlock can do about it.
Disappointment floods his mind along with unbidden pictures. They may have been together when her beloved was murdered. Maybe someone had made her watch, all the blood, wheezing breath that goes slower and slower until it, at last, stops… Sherlock usually isn’t one for compromised guesses and muddling through possibilities the acquired data doesn’t fit to, so this display, along with this tight feeling of compression behind his sternum, naturally, makes his current inability to stay aloof and detached come as a blow.
They looked very sad as they took him in.
He reached out his hand and opened the door but when he wearily pushed his legs out onto the pavement he heard Mycroft’s door open as well. He turned around and the other man was looking at him with a mocking smile on his face.
“You alright?”
“You can tell me later, Sherlock. Where to, now?” he asked, his breath catching in his throat. He really wasn’t used to this amount of running anymore.
“I might-- I might indeed need more data but I mean what I say--“
"John, the book."
Continuing as if nothing happened, John taunts, “Maybe we’ll tip it over into a nice massage… maybe into more than a nice massage…”
They silently crept along, constantly on the lookout for their pursuers, but could neither hear nor see them. Sherlock walked very closely to him, now and again brushing the side of his body. John’s adrenaline-fogged brain was very much aware of every movement, every touch of Sherlock’s hand and elbow. He soon found it hard not to be distracted, and blood rushed to his face. At least he wasn’t cold anymore.
ditch John Watson if John ever asked him out on a Valentine’s date, the mere
He really regretted the mess they had made of everything. But when he closed his eyes his feelings for Sherlock were the most important reason for yearning to learn about everything behind it all.
“Not like that, I don’t want to come like that. I want to look at you.”
The potential meaning behind Sherlock’s words sank in a moment later and John’s eyebrows shot upwards.
but then refrained from following through because he didn’t want to come across as needy or weird. His dreams were very confusing that night - bright swirls of smoke intermixing and everything was embedded with the smell of cucumber and
A loud bang suddenly rang out, tearing the air. John was sure it must have been a bullet that had come loose from the man’s gun. He looked around wildly and saw Sherlock tackling the man, toppling over him, and pinning him to the ground. The tall detective grabbed the gun, but couldn’t hold onto it when he lost his balance and stumbled to the ground. In the blink of an eye John comprehended that Sherlock was having a hard time fighting the man down. They were still rolling on the floor, Sherlock on top, his elbow in the man’s face, when John threw himself into the game a second time, aiming a good kick at his head.
“Can’t you deduce it from- I don’t know- the way I wear my hair or the lint I pick from my clothes?”
For John and his beautiful mind that somehow seems to fit to Sherlock’s own in this enticing
All the thanx goes to my wonderful beta-reader Kisa, who had a hard time to restrain me.
They had resumed kissing after John had picked his shirt off the floor and had tried to clean them both of the sticky fluids. Sherlock had watched him attentively, his face alight with calm consciousness. John had practically bathed in Sherlock’s attention and they had smiled at each other in easy complacency. John’s stomach still felt a little damp but it couldn’t be helped. He found that he couldn’t possibly make himself leave the bed to go to the bathroom. So he had thrown his shirt back onto the floor and turned onto his side to face Sherlock. For a moment he was unsure of what to do, but he soon found out that Sherlock was actually, and surprisingly, quite the cuddler. He had taken him into his arms and John had started to play with his satin curls again, pulling single strands up between his fingertips and letting them snap back into shape. Sherlock’s low sounds of contentment had filled his chest to the brim and he was feeling so fortunate and at ease like he hadn’t done in years. They had been a little surprised that it had only been half past eight by the time John looked up to check the alarm clock on the bedside table. Then they had talked for hours like they never had before and ordered in when Sherlock’s stomach had started to rumble. His cheeks had flushed with a distinctive red and John had instantly started to laugh and had kissed Sherlock again and again, whispering endearments like a smitten teenager, because he couldn’t contain himself. And Sherlock had smiled widely with every term John had favoured him with.
The end
John nods again, conceding the point. “Yes, I guess you could say that,” he agrees, “but, frankly, I was actually hoping for something else tonight.”
“Can you…?”
“It’s all right, Sherlock, do you trust me?”
They fell silent for a few minutes, while Sherlock busied himself with a pleat of his gown. He didn’t seem to be done yet. John was watching him out of the corners of his eyes.
“What happened after we--”
After a few seconds John turns again, takes a tea towel to dry their plates before putting them into the cupboard and time moves in its proper tracks again. The evening goes on and Sherlock stores the incidence away in his mind palace to examine later.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitched into a humourless smile. He took a look around before his gaze flickered back to John, and stepped closer, raising his right hand to John’s jaw.
He growls in exasperation, the buzz in his guts turned to acid, like milk that’s gone sour. So it is true and John really had planned a date for tonight. Which is just
“It’s for a case?” Sherlock responds and is properly aware that he’s answering only the first part of John’s question but he just cannot seem to function. His head is buzzing with the sudden and unexpected intimacy and something awfully close to shyness settles in his throat and forms a lump there. John releases him after a long moment - somewhat reluctantly it seems - and steps back, still smiling. They are standing closer than is absolutely necessary and Sherlock’s mouth feels parched all of a sudden.
“Then go home, Sherlock, or wherever you want to go. Just leave. You’re an expert at leaving without a word.”
“I said I am not hungry,” he repeats his earlier words but John only twitches his lips. “Look, choose, eat, you probably haven’t all day,” John orders and sternly peruses his menu card again even though Sherlock is sure John has set his mind on Pho. John has loved Pho ever since that disastrous chase of a criminal that has thrown a knife at Sherlock before dumping John into the October Thames. In the cab home Sherlock had searched the internet for a restaurant with outstanding soup, preferably very hot, while John had shivered pitifully in Sherlock’s coat, muttering about a hot bath, which he’d prepared immediately upon arriving at Baker Street. Sherlock had ordered Pho and they’ve eaten it in the loo, John in the tub, a towel drabbed around him to blanket the warmth, and Sherlock perched on the toilet seat. They had laughed a lot during their meal, so it’s quite a fond memory and Sherlock harbors it dearly.
If he were to ever fall for someone again, of course it would have been someone like John. Someone smart, affectionate, compassionate, handsome and non-boring. Someone he can respect and who respects him in return for what and who he is. That is most important, and a lesson he’s learned the hard way. John does all that, the respect, the affection; at least up to a point as is feasible among friends, though not lovers. If John ever leaves, the consequences will be dire. Sherlock will succumb to darkness again, he will be lost, he will…
“It wasn’t just a little domestic, Mrs. Hudson.” John was surprised at how pained his voice sounded and he had to clear his throat before he could continue.
“John, my god… John.”
“Of course you do” John sighs. “You know everything. Yeah. Don’t use it against me.” he adds, reaches up a hand and flips an errant curl out of Sherlock’s face. In the orange light of pre-dawn filtering in through the semi-closed curtains of his bedroom John looks every bit as handsome as he did in the silvery moon light that other time Sherlock has seen him up close. Sherlock isn’t awkward or disappointed anymore that the night won’t progress into more now. Seeing John like that is enough to put him at ease. Instinctively he lifts a hand and lays it into the crook at John’s neck where the shoulder reaches out into the skin at John’s throat. The pulse beneath his fingers is steady. Strong and alive. It’s lovely.
Sherlock clears his throat and grants John with an arched eye brow. “Yes, I am not an innocent.”
“Tea?”
How can it be that this information, this vital data about John has completely slipped his notice? It is true that body language isn’t his strong suit so far as sentiments are concerned. John has written in that monstrous blog of his how blatantly ignorant he sometimes believes him. Sherlock is crestfallen because it’s obviously true.
For a moment everything is suspended in midair and Sherlock doesn’t know what his face is doing but he hopes his mouth hasn’t dropped open and his eyes aren’t popping out in helpless disbelief. John’s head snaps towards Lestrade, a glare contorting his features, and, to Sherlock immense regret, John steps away from the counter, the spark between them gone.
“But something went wrong,” Sherlock deduces. He knows John hates that, hates his expressive face and how Sherlock can use it against him but it’s obvious that something hasn’t gone according to plan for John. Sherlock is unpleasantly hit by the thought that John might have planned a Valentine’s date. With someone. Who
“What do you mean I changed everything? How?”
“John, I-- there is something I need to tell you-- just so we’re on the same page. I did all that, because--“
“I see,” Sherlock says and, despite everything, smiles crookedly because John, after all these years of chasing Sherlock chasing criminals, sure knows what to look for. Moreover, John does his observation with a grace and mind for details that’s become very natural and reliable.
“I’ll never let you go again, consider yourself warned.”
“Yes, and ever since I
“Well, they must feel that way towards you to send a present which is both traditional for Valentine’s Day and a riddle to keep you occupied.” He hums. “Only you could find foxglove a fascinating flower. They must truly like you.” He hesitates. “Maybe it’s the Woman, she certainly knows what people like and you like a good puzzle and she’s fanc-”
____________________________
When their laughing subsided, both kept silent for a minute, while John pondered exactly what Sherlock’s last comment had meant. He had asked him where he’d been during the two years that John had believed him to be dead, but Sherlock had stubbornly refused to answer. John’s heart ached again when he thought about how lost he had been. He was wondering now whether Sherlock had been lost himself.
, in any event. Because John is not his sweetheart. It isn’t that Sherlock doesn’t want John to be
Sherlock came over to the bed, and rigidly sat on the chair next to John, his long legs crossed awkwardly. Now that he was closer, John was aware of a nervous energy that was buzzing between them, emitting so many possibilities that John felt quite overwhelmed and intimidated. Grounding his knuckles, he looked Sherlock full in the face, and saw that he obviously hadn’t washed so far. There was dirt on his cheeks, little flakes of chipped wood in his hair, and something darker in the space between bottom lip and jaw bone that looked distinctively like blood.
“Do you want me to get your pajama? We need to get out of these soiled clothes. I’ll fix us tea and food,” he offers and as an afterthought he commands “Don’t get into a strop.”
"Sherlock, you know this is just a saying. And since when do you care how I go about dating and other … things? I thought you were above such trivialities like girlfriends, boyfriends," he shot back.
The reply came within seconds.
He saw Sherlock fidget next to him, saw how he instantly caught up, mouth drawn in a thin line. Their eyes met for the duration of a heartbeat and suddenly there was something in Sherlock’s eyes John had never seen before. Sherlock’s eyes were intense and glistening, his attention seemed to be focused entirely on him. John nervously licked his lips.
on this side of undone.
After a dreamless night’s sleep he awoke again early in the morning, feeling calm and in control of his senses again.
He couldn’t finish his sentence because a startled cry had fallen from Sherlock’s lips and his eyes had turned very wide. And then he was kissing him, deep and sensuous, wounding his naked form under John’s body again, caging him in his arms, his legs locking behind John’s knees. When he whispered “Take me, John, I am yours.” it sounded like a command and John knew that New Scotland Yard had to wait a little longer today.
When they arrived in the storehouse area that Sherlock’s homeless network had informed them about, it was just after midnight. It was dreadfully cold, even for late January and John zipped his jacket while he took in their immediate surroundings. He was still feeling weird and oddly unstable due to their exchange before that he’d been nervously pondering throughout their whole cab ride.
They fall into silent tension again, their eyes everywhere but in the others' face because even a short venture into bickering cannot mar the need of setting the lines and getting a grip on desires and stipulations. Of forming sentiment into words. Sherlock doesn't want to feel vulnerable in front of John and expressing his feelings vocally will make him be exactly that. Especially after John has declined him. Sherlock finds he still feels uneasy.
is just bordering on the unbearable.
John pushed against him and it was overwhelming how that simple gesture, that easy movement had Sherlock shuddering and throwing his head back into the pillow. He was moaning in a way that made John’s ears tingle, low and clear, with every breath John drove from him every time he rocked their hips together. The intensity was madening. The skin of their bellies soon turned slick from sweat and pre-come, making their movements even sweeter and smoother.
I was talking about is beyond me.” Serious again, he continues, “I also told him that I wanted them and that it isn’t just a fling. I- I am serious. I’ve made up my mind and I don’t want to be a coward any longer. So…” he hesitates, “…what do you say?”
“Just wanted to thank you again,” he said but John just shook his head.
“Tina Ripley, 22. She’s been missing for six days now but her family reported it only yesterday. They’d thought she had run off with that boyfriend of hers. We found a corpse in the sewers two days ago and think it’s him.”
Sherlock is so startled his breath gets struck in his throat and his body goes completely rigid. The fact that it is still dark outside – he estimates sunrise to be around 4:50am in these late days of May – and how he cannot see exactly how draped around each other their bodies are, creates a rather exciting input for his inventive mind. Especially when John shifts again, turns fully onto his side and drags those hip bones higher over Sherlock’s pelvis before he comes to rest wrapped over half his body.
“Your day didn’t progress as planned,” he states firmly. “You would have preferred it to have another conclusion.” He knows his words sound clinical but he’s found that passionless science is the best approach of every problem.
John snorted but bit back a reproach and five minutes later he was sitting next to the older Holmes brother in the back of his car, both of them holding a paper cup of coffee in their hands, John gloomily nibbling on a brownie but soon gave up and put it into a pocket of his jacket.
Carefully conjuring up Sherlock’s face in his mind he felt his blood surge through his veins to form a warm pool in his belly. The range of his feelings took him from confusion towards anger and impatience… to… what?
His blue scarf as a makeshift barrier between himself and the stench, Sherlock stumbles through low tunnel. At his side John‘s movements are those of a sentry, economic and sure, always half a step behind, yet firm and lethal. Under different circumstances it might have looked rediculous, but the way John tails him without hovering, exuding the confidence and awareness of the soldier he is, makes Sherlock feel save despite the lack of knowledge of what to expect behind the next corner.
John, though, clears his throat and sounds frustratingly collected when he addresses Lestrade.
Sherlock closes his eyes.
It’s exactly like that now, only more mature and less save. Decidedly more painful. He finds himself wishing that, despite John’s general transparency, his language were easier to read. It’s just so frustrating how—
Lestrade puffs up his chest. “So what if I am? At least I am dating, I am
It hits home.
“You utter cock.”
They get up and the timing is a bit off because John nearly looses his balance. Sherlock has to catch him around the elbow to prevent a fall and has to smirk. Their eyes lock and Sherlock thinks that John really is not a dancer - that much is obvious - but it’s hardly his fault. In fact, it’s quite endearing. He feels weird. As if his brain simultaneously supplies a train of thoughts that evaluates everything he does, everything he observes.
“You’ve got breakfast and pills,” Sherlock said, pointing to the tray the nurse had brought.
Lowering his gaze Sherlock placed the violin back in its case on the floor, his delicate hands carefully closing the lid. John turned around, biting his lip again in exasperation and refraining from moving towards Sherlock in a sudden urge to hit him. Feeling utterly spent on head and heart he walked to the staircase that lead up to his room and when he reached the top he heard the door shut - and Sherlock was gone.
Sherlock doesn’t break away and John tilts his chin, before his ocean blue eyes flutter close and his lips meet Sherlock’s.
“He’s started to play the violin yesterday morning and has barely stopped for a cup of tea with me.”
Under the covers they look at each other again for a long moment before John shifts and reclaims Sherlock’s hand where it lies between them on the pillow. “Sleep, love” he whispers and kisses his fingers. Warmth floods Sherlock’s chest and, when it is clear that John intends to keep holding onto his hand while falling asleep, that warmth lodges firmly behind his sternum. Sherlock closes his eyes and listens to John breathe for a few precious moments before sleep engulfs him and sweeps him off into soft oblivion.
When he turned around, Sherlock was blocking his way.
. And he’s not making me do anything, no one can make me do anything.” Even after all these years and all shameful evidence, or rather lack thereof, to the contrary, people around them still believe them to secretly be a couple. And
“When do you have to be at the clinic?” Sherlock asks and starts picking at a slice of warm toast to dunk it into the tomato sauce. John shrugs his shoulders carelessly. “Well, it’s my day off actually but Brandon has asked me to browse patient’s files with him so I will leave in an hour. Why are you asking?”
Sherlock pushes his curls out of his face and draws his lips into a fine line.
“But taking into consideration how you are walking through this glorious morning with no apparent need to go home, he probably hasn’t said anything at all.”
Sherlock is tapping away on his laptop when, out of the corner of his eyes, he sees John turn slightly and glance at him. The way he holds himself suggests that it is not for the sake of checking if Sherlock is still there, or seeing what he’s doing. It is fairly obvious that John looks at him in secret and the way he does it makes Sherlock feel somehow like he’s spying on John, just because he notices accidently, catching him doing something he may not want to share. If Sherlock hadn’t paused in fabricating a sentence and looked up from his laptop, he would have missed it altogether.
Lestrade seemed puzzled.
To his surprise John’s brows shoot upwards and he abruptly uncrosses his arms. Stepping closer to Sherlock, who immediately backs away half a step, he raises a hand and shakes it in negation. “No, no,” he says and a befuddled look comes into his eyes. “Sherlock, what are you talking about? Those weren’t my plans. And what faceless female?”
“You’re beautiful,” John whispers and his hands wander over Sherlock’s back to press into the hollow over his buttocks and around his shoulder blades. He gathers him tightly. “Beautiful and so precious, Sherlock.” They resume kissing, lazily at first, but it soon becomes quite a feat to breath properly around the moan that is back in Sherlock's throat again. John’s foot strokes Sherlock’s and his big toe nudges the soft part beneath his tibialis posterior. His restless hands come up to cup his face and John’s fingers come to a brief stop around his ears, his thumps caressing Sherlock’s tragus before they move on. Shifting slightly because their hip bones bump one another when Sherlock’s long legs fall victim to gravity on either side of John’s, Sherlock is very much aware how their bodies are already several steps ahead of them. There is a distinctive
He heard Sherlock exhale and then move towards him, grabbing his coat off of the chair next to John’s bed in silence. When the door clicked shut behind him a few seconds later, John pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes, fighting down tears.
“I know it didn’t.”
His voice spoke volumes of finality, and John had to look to the ground to keep himself from screaming.
“So, this present of yours,” Sherlock prompts in desperate need for a change of where this discussion is heading. Frustration notwithstanding, he surprises himself with how downright conversational he sounds. “What is it?”
“Six o’clock isn’t exactly ‘tonight’, Sherlock,” she says. “Were you even home?”
, like he matters more to John’s well-being than anything else, like the word is the only conclusion, a matter of course - and along with the warmth John’s body is engulfing him in now it makes all the difference.
“John, what-? I though you…?” she starts, puzzles, and, like in a theatre play, flicks her gaze from one man to the other and back.
John arches an eyebrow and brushes an errant curl behind Sherlock’s right ear.
John turned to look at him and it was at that very moment that he saw a vast amount of emotions flood Sherlock’s face. He looked like he was suddenly cracked open. Then he exhaled deeply, lowered his gaze and slowly began to open the buttons of his left sleeve.
Sherlock tries to push one away in favour of investigating the other.
The feeling was elevating and a low groan escaped John’s lips. Sherlock’s touch twitched something in him, something that made his body react in a rush. His hands came down to grab Sherlock’s hips and work his fly open in one fluid motion. Their mouths locked and it was pure sweetness and elation and wonder and desire and everything. He pushed himself up onto one food, Sherlock’s hand still in his pants, his long fingers moving clumsily over his erect cock. John’s higher position gave them a wider range and his hand slipped deeper, bunching the material of both pants and boxers.
“But you were,” John empathizes, though his voice is soft, “You were busy with that box and the flower.” The fingers of his hands on Sherlock’s neck slide upwards into the curls at Sherlock’s nape where they tangle and caress cautiously. As if soothing a wild animal about to bolt. It makes Sherlock’s pulse thrum in his veins and he is sure John can feel it beneath the skin and tendons of his neck.
