“I figure I have about a decade of tension to make up for. I think that starts with you naked in my bed.”
“In fact, that wasn’t the only thing they told me.”
There was a quiet desperation in Tony’s voice. It shone in his glassy, red-rimmed eyes. Steve knew that rejecting the other man would only cause him to exchange the glass in his hand for the bottle, if there was even anything left in it. His chest ached at the thought of it. Silently he grasped Tony’s hand and pulled him into his bedroom.
“Steve,” he whispered so quietly that even super soldier hearing could barely pick up the word. “I’m so glad you’re here.”
That’s right. The video file was still there.
“Same time tomorrow, Buddy?” He called out as he left.
Tony was right, he never stopped working, never gave himself a break. Even his identity-crisis-induced foray into the desert had involved sleeping on the hard ground and hunting snakes for food. Rest was a foreign concept to his enhanced body, a luxury rendered unnecessary by the serum in his blood. Half the sleep of a normal human proved more than enough and still left him thrumming with energy itching to be shed. The reunification of the country had taken its toll though. It had been fighting a war nonstop following all the other shit that had gone down recently that had finally brought him back to his limits, mentally if not physically. The past few weeks had been rough enough to bring him low. Wariness, he knew, clung to him like a cloak these days. He thought he’d been doing a good job hiding it, but Tony had seen right through him.
Steve shushed him with a kiss, gentle against his red swollen lips. He pet at the fuzzy covering of hair on Tony’s head.
Tension speared through Steve at the words. There had been others. Other men, who had gotten to touch Tony like this. But not this Tony, he reminded himself. That was the other Tony. This Tony would be just for him. If he ruined him for all others, then Tony would never leave him, right?
Finally, meal finished, he left the television alone for a moment to wash his dishes. He returned from the sink moments later and noticed that he had paused on some sort of cartoon. Steve had always been fond of the cartoons before the films he used to see. Maybe he’d like modern cartoons too.
A chance to make things right, to clean up all the mess of the world and make it stick this time was all Steve truly wanted. Tony’s brilliance and vision combined with Steve’s dedication and will would surely lead them to success. They would do so much good for the world, together. It may not be love, but Steve needed Tony on his side to do this and that made Tony pretty damn important to Steve.
“Okay then, Soldier. Show me what you’ve got.”
They had always been so tactile with each other, the other two that was. But Steve could remember how good it felt to rest his arm across Tony shoulders, brush a hand against the back of his neck, or engulf him in a hug. It wasn’t hard from there to put his imagination into the mix and think of all the ways they hadn’t touched yet. It had been so long since he’d had…any kind of touch at all really.
Tony’s eyes were so dark it was hard to tell their color in this light. They were supposed to be blue, Steve knew, but his pupils were blown wide and face cast in shadow at this angle. Steve registered the question though the words turned into a rush of noise buzzing in his ears. He’d panicked before, but now he took the time to think, to accept the effect Tony had on him. Even if he stopped now, it wouldn’t change that. It wasn’t possible to deny what had already happened with his cock hard and wanting. Tony had been so good to him already, and he was offering so much more. Steve nodded and let his eyes slip closed again.
He kept his footfalls light as he grabbed up his shield and crept across the room to press an ear against the door. The footsteps were coming towards him. The leather straps on the shield creaked in his grip. Steve counted down until the person was almost upon him. At zero he burst from the door prepared to face down a goon with a machine gun, only just stopping in time as he recognized a familiar mop of brown hair and the scent of top shelf scotch.
So what if he couldn’t get that video out of his head? It took two people to make love. Natasha had been in it too. Most of the close-ups had been of her. Steve was certain she was 100% woman at this point. A very attractive woman, even if she had been a murderous traitor. And it had been a while since Steve had been with anyone. He was just feeling the effects of his dry spell and his mind had decided to latch onto the last naked female he had seen.
Steve nodded before he could think better of it and crossed the room to join Tony for the meal. He tried to hide his surprise as Tony poured out two glasses.
“So what kind of situation would call for it?”
Maybe…maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to keep working out at the Triskelion.
Tony sunk to his knees in front of Steve, eyes downcast.
Steve wasn’t a genius, he knew enough to know that what was on the screen wasn’t anywhere near what an A.I. code would look like. In fact, it almost looked more like…
“I wanted to surprise you, but I’ve seemed to hit a bit of a snag and I need your help to finish it. My new body, that is.”
Then again, it was fine to play for now, as long as he remembered not to take it seriously. For all he knew, none of this was real.
Steve wrote down the title and author on a piece of paper as the credits rolled and another show started up. He resumed jumping from channel to channel until he came upon more cheering. A crowd was chanting “Jer-ry, Jer-ry” repeatedly. Well, this looked exciting.
“Dear me,
The Quinjet was dead silent despite being filled to capacity with superheroes. It seemed no one quite knew what to say after what they’d just witnessed. Steve kept waiting for the shoe to drop, for someone to say something, but instead the tension just sat heavy and oppressive over all of them. He let out a world-weary sigh and glanced to the cockpit where Iron man was at the wheel. Tony had barely looked at Steve since they’d gotten that video from Steve’s counterpart a month ago. Steve couldn’t really blame him. He wondered how much worse it would get between them after this.
Steve brought the shield down on one of the gelatinous tentacles and screamed out his anger and grief. It severed off and continued to wriggle on the ground, spraying a thick, syrupy green substance akin to blood everywhere. Steve brought the shield up again. He heard Thor shout and dodged just in time to be missed by the bolt of lightning. The smell of fried shrimp and limes filled the air. The monster dissolved into a pile of goo. Steve pulled his shield back for another blow as the goop gave a twitch. He let out a cry of delight as Iron Man burst into the sky a moment later. Steve tried really hard not to think about how light his heart felt as he listened to Tony complain about jello in the joints of his armor over the comms.
Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s crown. Later, he thought. Later, he would talk with Tony about what this all meant. Later, he would worry about what havoc their counterparts were unleashing on the multiverse. Later, they would stop them.
“It wasn’t me,” he exclaimed. “That isn’t me. It can’t be. I don’t remember, I don’t know how, I-“
It was a struggle to maintain the tortuously slow pace Tony had set, but he refused to break a second time. Steve kept his eyes focused on Tony, matching his every stroke. He watched as Tony lifted his other hand to tweak and pinch at his nipple and copied the motion. The need to cum became harder to ignore when Tony paused his hand on his crown and rubbed his thumb over the slit. It did nothing for Tony, but Steve could feel the sticky smear of his own precum spreading out over his cock.
Tony leaned forward and placed a broad hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve tried not to flinch at the touch. He kept breathing and willed down the sour twist in his stomach. Schooling his expression, he prepared to tell Tony to go to bed.
Tony burst out laughing. Steve counted to five in his head before he snapped at the man still giggling in the middle of his living room.
“Would you like to keep the armor on or would you like some help taking it off?”
“It’s funny because its true, isn’t it?  Captain America doesn’t like to exercise! Do you have any idea how many fitness challenges are named after you?”
“I know.”
Snick
Prickles ran up and down his skin, every nerve hyper aware of where there was only air pressing on him. His clothes seemed to have gained weight and an ache started in his chest. It was a terrible empty feeling that reminded him of the cold of the ice. He could imagine Tony curled up in bed with him, pressed to his chest and so very warm, soothing that ache. Or maybe Tony would wrap his arms around Steve and spoon him. Steve had never had a partner as big as he was, but Tony was nearly the same height. He’d be able to press all along Steve’s back and twine their legs together, one solid line of warmth and affection. Steve couldn’t decide which would be better right now. He wondered which Tony would have liked more.
He climbed off the machine and grabbed a towel.
“Absolutely.”
“Well, unless he got his hands on a very advanced LMD, I don’t see how there could be another you running around.”
Steve took in the sight of Tony’s soft new skin, smooth and hairless. It was an unnatural look and just seemed to highlight Tony’s current vulnerability. Steve reached out and traced his fingers along Tony’s jaw, down over his throat. The thought that it would be so easy to just squeeze down flittered unbidden through his mind.
Steve was not crying like some nancy-boy. He’d just gotten sweat and blood and dirt in his eyes. They were fighting some kind of blob monster and it had just eaten Tony. Steve wasn’t crying. He’d be just as upset if it were any of their other teammates. He’d be just as terrified if it’d been Thor or Hawkeye or Jan. Okay, maybe Jan was a bad comparison.
Tony turned back to look at Steve. “So even super soldiers have trouble sleeping. Who would have thought?” His tone had softened and Steve let out a sigh of relief. “If you want another body beside you so badly, I can introduce you to some very lovely lady friends of mine. Very high class, I assure you. No need to settle for the team drunk.”
Steve stared at the unlabeled diskette he’d kept carefully hidden under his mattress for the past few months. He smiled to himself as he snapped it in half and deposited the pieces in the wastepaper basket. He wouldn’t need it anymore.
That night, Steve slipped off to shower. As he left the room he pretended not to see Tony watching him with slit eyes and a hurt frown on his face.
Steve kept his gaze askance, chewing on his bottom lip. He let out a heavy sigh.
Steve blinked and the swell of emotions was pushed down, left to simmer in the back of his mind. He offered up the best smile he could manage and informed Tony that it had been very enjoyable. It was even a little bit true. The stains on the carpet in front of Tony were evidence enough of that.
Snick
It had nothing to do with clear blue eyes and thick brown hair. There was no connection to the bulkier body covered in shockingly toned muscles, coated in a sheen of sweat. And if, if, an elegant, full, glistening cock popped up in his thoughts it was only because it had been pounding into Natasha in the video. It was a perfectly normal and logical association.
Kiss My Battery
They kissed, a messy smear of fluids broken only to allow Tony to remove Steve’s shirt. Steve hadn’t planned on being naked for this, but Tony enjoyed feeling the press of Steve’s chest against his body, so he let it go, but spun the other man around and bent him over the desk before he could push his pants off as well. Steve gave a harsh smack to Tony’s exposed asscheeks in revenge for his shirt, and then smoothed his hands over the reddened flesh. A tug, and the thong was ripped off.
He received no response, but after a moment there was another soft, pitiful sound. Steve didn’t even think before he had the manual release buttons pressed and was pulling off the helmet. Tony’s eyes were closed, still fast asleep but clearly pained.
“Tony?”
Tony swayed before him, giving slow, tired blinks as he took in Steve standing there in front of him in nothing but his skivvies and the shield.
“I’ve been having nightmares.” The words were enough to freeze Tony in his tracks. It hadn’t been what Steve meant to say, but the truth was as good a strategy as any he supposed. He plucked up his courage and soldiered on. “That’s why I was awake. I thought maybe that was why you were awake too.” The line of tension in Tony’s shoulders looked tight enough to snap. Right. Probably not a good idea to bring up Tony’s issues right now. “It’s easier with someone else sleeping next to me. Maybe that person could be you?”
“That’s wonderful, Darling. You deserve to feel good for once.” Tony’s hands glided up to his shoulders again, fingers curling under to squeeze at his pecs. “If you turn around I can do your front, too.”
Now he just had to figure out why that fox wanted to steal the little girl’s things.
He’d nearly forgotten about the other agent, enthralled in his exercise as he moved to weights, when a loud, sharp scream sounded. Steve dropped the weights immediately and spun around to face whatever assailant had caused such distress. Instead, he saw only the agent fiddling with the remote. The agent glanced over at Steve and blushed scarlet.
Decision made, Steve set the stack of photos down and looked over at Tony, squaring his shoulders and meeting his eyes. Time to see if he could pin this Tony down.
“I told you before that I remember everything now. I remember how we fought, before, during the first Civil War. And I remember how it felt when I lost you.”
Still. Steve glanced back at the chamber and remembered the extra knife he’d taken to carrying in his boot. Contingency plans were important.
Tony reached down to trace a single digit up his length, circling the head, then wrapped his fist around himself. Steve mimicked his actions.
“Steve, I-“
“I didn’t need a fancy office with a big ol’ desk. I had to be out there,” he said, gesturing with an outstretched arm. Tony reached out to clasp his hand, release it, then run his fingers up the length of his arm, dragging on the armored surface of his uniform.
Stare Me Down and Take My Only Guise
Tony stared at Steve, waiting for a reaction. Steve kept his gaze directed at the window while he fought the urge to fidget under those discerning eyes. He knew he had to say something. Finally, he looked back over at Tony and gestured to the package in his arms.
I’m At A Loss Because of Tragedy
His voice carried through crisp and clear, belaying the presence of a microphone in the vicinity of the desk. Steve moved to stand behind Tony and looked over his shoulder at the computer Tony was tapping at. He was standing close, very close.
Steve was not jealous. Not of Stark, and certainly not of his latest piece of arm candy. Steve was perfectly happy with his current conversing partner. Fury had introduced the agent about five minutes ago. She was wonderful company. Steve might even ask her to dance in a bit. So no, thank you, he was not jealous. He just wished that Tony wouldn’t be so crass.  There was no need for that blonde dame to be hanging all over him and nibbling his ear. That was the kind of hanky panky that should be confined to more private settings. Steve clenched involuntarily as Tony reached down to give her rear a squeeze. See, that was exactly the kind of inappropriate behavior he was talking about. Steve would never engage in such public indecency. He was glad none of that attention was pointed towards him. He wasn’t jealous. Steve left without asking the agent to dance.
The man in Steve’s arms opened his eyes- so very blue and perfect- and smiled weakly. It’d worked. There was never any doubt, but until this moment the concept that Tony would have a body hadn’t been real. It had been a fantasy for Steve to think about at night when Tony’s presence had faded to the quiet hum of the armor in the corner. Sometimes it had been a nightmare that woke Steve in a cold sweat and left him awake til dawn contemplating the possibility of betrayal. With those two opposite outcomes constantly battling in the back of his mind, he hadn’t consolidated either with reality. A low moan brought Steve’s attention back from his racing thoughts.
“Steve.”
Tony maneuvered himself between Steve and the door. He deftly undid his jacket and yanked off his tie. Steve’s mouth watered.
He emphasized his point with a long swallow from the glass in his hand. Steve felt his skin heating the longer Tony kept his gaze, and he fought down the blush threatening to break out. It was dark and Tony probably wouldn’t be able to see it, but Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that Tony would be able to sense the flush with his hedonistic superpowers.
Tony laughed again and clapped Steve on the shoulder.
“You’re precious. This is much more than a watch. Press the button again.”
“You’re still so keyed up. Let me help you relax, and I can tell you what I know about the recent history on this Earth. Then we can go find civilization.”
Tony was surprisingly light when Steve picked him up. One would think Tony would have been able to make sure his new body was at a proper weight before he crafted it. Then again, they’d been on a time crunch to use this building undetected so it wouldn’t be surprising if shortcuts had been taken with things like muscle mass. It would be a very Tony thing to do. Steve would just have to make sure Tony took proper care with eating and exercise from here on out.
Alarms were blaring all over the compound, flashing lights bathed the room in red, and Steve could feel his blood pounding in time to it all with a surge of adrenaline. Rage flowed through him as he grabbed his gear and headed into battle, promising to buy Tony time to escape. Steve didn’t know how they’d been found out so soon, but he’d be damned if he let everything end here.
“Fuck off,” he roared, ignoring the tremble in his voice. He shook with rage for acting like such a fool. He never should have accepted Tony’s offer. Steve twisted his hips to dislodge the billionaire. There was a satisfying thump as he hit the ground. Steve sat up with a growl. It was only supposed to be a massage, he'd let this go on too long. Tony’s smile was gone now, replaced by a serious frown.
“We’re gonna have to take another shower now.”
“Well, I’m glad you took that to heart. I meant it. What kind of trouble are you in? What’s the threat? I’ll help any way I can.”
“I didn’t know. Oh god, I would have. But it wasn’t true. I had, there were others, but they could have been you. I would have done anything he wanted.”
“You’re not that Steve Rogers, and I’m not that Tony Stark, but it doesn’t mean that we can’t learn their lessons. Remembering the pain, remembering what it’s like to live without you, I can’t do that. I’ve had so much time to process all the data, run all the numbers and it all comes out the same every time. We’re better together; you and I. Combined, Captain America and Ironman can make the impossible a reality. We can save this world.”
He wasn’t sure if he was successful because suddenly they were kissing again and when had his hands slipped into Steve’s hair and how had Steve gotten his hands under Tony’s shirt so quickly? His thoughts flew wildly as he tried to keep up with what was happening in front of him.
There wasn’t much talking after that. It shouldn’t have been a surprise, the way they just seemed to know exactly what to do with each other, but somehow Steve hadn’t been expecting the easy way Tony opened up to fit them together like jigsaw pieces. After so many years so close, hovering on the edge of this thing between them, Steve didn’t need Tony’s moans or gasps to tell him how to move. And then, after, they rolled over and slotted perfectly together as their heartbeats calmed down. It was as if they’d been made just for this, Steve reflected. In the back of his mind, the thought they might not have ever gotten to this point if it hadn’t been for Rogers burned like a hot iron.
Love,
“He used to dream about that. The other me. You were always running around with a different lady every week, but he liked the idea that maybe you had never been with another man. That maybe he would get to be your first.”
Tony felt the alcohol he’d consumed rear its head and found himself answering before he could think better of it.
“Could it be mind control?”
Tony held his hands up passively in front of himself. He was obviously trying to calm Steve down but he had the audacity to look like he was hurt that Steve was so angry.
Steve didn’t talk to Tony about what had happened the next morning. Or the morning after that. In fact, it was nearly a full week later before Tony finally lured Steve to his room and sat them down with a bottle of scotch. They even managed to have a full fifteen minutes of discussion about relationships and expectations and 21st century orientations and identities before they started pulling off each other’s clothes.
“I suppose you’d like an explanation for all of this?”
“If I say ‘no comment’ can we drop this conversation and move on to why you were looking for me in the first place?”
But then Tony’s tongue kept moving down and it was moving between the fingers he already had inside Steve and he wasn’t stopping, he was still moving and Oh God. Tony needed to stop. That was…that was filthy and disgusting and wrong. Tony’s tongue was in him. What even…what would possess him to try that. Tony’s tongue was in his ass. That couldn’t be sanitary. What if he had to go to the bathroom?
“If I had known-“
It came out more of a growl than intended and Tony fairly leapt out of his seat.
His hypothesis proved correct soon enough as he got the last button undone and then found himself chest to chest with Steve. Coincidentally, being this close also put them groin to groin. Tony was glad to feel that Steve was at least as aroused by these proceedings as he was. He gave a brief thought to moving their activities to the bedroom, but decided the effort was hardly worth it, especially when it also risked spoiling the mood. Best to get the show on the road before any of their senses returned.
“I said I did, didn’t I?”
Steve’s fair skin was inflamed in red. He could feel the heat on his cheeks. Still, he couldn’t find the words to stop Tony.
Steve knew as soon as the first image of the room came up on screen what he was watching. He’d seen it dozens of times before. He’d memorized the entire thing. And Tony knew it. Steve felt his cheeks burn with embarrassment. He stood to leave as Natasha slowly stripped off her clothing on screen.
Somewhere from the depths of the mansion a grandfather clock struck the hour. Technically it already was morning, but Steve was trying not to think about that. He might get another three or four hours of sleep until the sun woke him up.
Steve couldn’t help his smile at Tony’s words, his promise to work together despite everything they had seen and learned today. He turned and clasped Tony’s hand to his, looking back up to the message. He vowed to himself that this time would be different. This time he wouldn’t stop until it was truly over.
Tony pulled back to look at him in astonishment.
“Then why aren’t you with Captain America right now?”
Tony stopped typing abruptly. He stared at the screen, trembling. Steve reached out to comfort him but stopped at the last second, hand hovering just over Tony’s shoulder. He shouldn’t touch Tony, he couldn’t; not after that video.
“First, you have to understand that I couldn’t stand with you before, because I wasn’t ready. I was still too new to the world and even after I’d figured out what I needed to do, how I needed to live, I had to be cautious. Thanks to Ultron and his ilk, nobody felt comfortable trusting me, no matter how many times I tried to explain I wasn’t a true A.I., and I couldn’t work freely while I was being watched.”
“Fuck you, Stark. Get out of my way.”
Over five hundred and fifty channels later, and Steve was not disappointed. At first, he thought he’d stumbled upon another soap opera filled with crappy acting. Steve was quickly becoming addicted to the drama that accompanied such shows.
“--get a basket. You get a basket. Everybody gets a basket!”
The video started innocently enough, showing an empty room with a large desk dominating the area. The decoration was simple and tasteful. A few prints on the walls looked like something Steve would have done, back when he still took the time to enjoy painting. In fact, it looked exactly like some paintings he’d done shortly after the ice. This whole office looked like-
Steve wasn’t drunk. He couldn’t be. His metabolism was much too fast. Sure, Asgardian mead was stronger than anything on Earth. And yeah, the room was spinning a bit. But Steve was feeling lighter and happier than he had in ages. The lights were floating around the room and even Hawkeye had been laughing earlier. The mood had been infectious since they’d begun their latest victory celebration. The only thing that could have made it better would be finding Tony.  He should go do that.
Steve gave Tony’s hand a quick squeeze, so grateful they’d managed to heal enough to get to this point.
“I’ll get you nice and wet for it first, shall I?”
“Like this,” Steve growled out. Tony nodded his head and clutched at the top of the sofa. Their kissing dissolved into nothing more than a messy press of their mouths together. He was so close now. He just needed a little more. Tony reached down with his free hand and found Steve’s right nipple. Steve’s rhythm stuttered as he tried to simultaneously push his hips up and press his chest into the rubbing. Tony gave his nipple a light pinch and tug and that was the end. Steve felt his body go taut as he held Tony tightly against him, keeping up the pressure on his dick through the orgasm. He pulsed red hot and wet between their bodies until he finally felt all the tension go out at once and he collapsed, releasing his grip on Tony at last. He kept his eyes closed a moment longer as he floated on the post-orgasmic wave of bliss. His newfound peace was shattered when Tony moaned above him.
“You know me, Tony. I don’t need anything fancy-schmancy. I’m happy with the simple things.”
Behind him, a woman on the television screen wept into her hands while a man kneeled in front of her clutching at the knife planted firmly in his gut. The agent caught Steve’s gaze and grinned.
“Just me? Did you already forget about what I just pulled out of you?”
“Woke up, couldn’t sleep. Gonna go down to the gym I guess.”
If he was lying, he was very convincing. Steve needed to be careful or he really would fall for him.
Tony cupped the bulge Steve was now sporting and traced the outline of his cock through his pants.
Steve wasn’t in love with Tony.
“Like a virgin.”
“Yeah, just like that. How is it?”
Steve barely registered what Tony was saying, and then the world was spinning, dissolving and reforming all around them. Tony held on tight through it all.
“Oh God, Steve, Yes!”
He caught Tony’s lips as the other man sat back up and spent several long moments kissing him, cameras momentarily forgotten. He was so lucky to have this Tony on his side. They parted and Steve went about collecting their equipment and erasing all traces of their activities here tonight while Tony cleaned up and redressed.
“A workout, huh?” He took another sip and then looked at Steve through his lashes. His body slumped against the wall lazily with his hip jutting out to emphasize his figure. “I could help you with that. Give you a real good workout, Soldier.”
Steve nodded again, still not trusting himself to speak. He waited for Tony to begin eating and then realized the foolishness of that. He took a careful bite of steak. Poison wouldn’t make sense after all the effort to break him out, so it should be safe enough to eat. It would be best to play along for now and see where this was headed.
Back on Thanos's ship, a technician was putting Nebula's broken body back together again. Nebula purposefully detached her eye piece, and when the man came close enough to put it back in, she snapped his neck. She walked to a console, straightening her left arm, dragging her still-dislocated right foot behind her, and input a code.
"Better be some hammer." Rocket grumbled.
Meanwhile, Tony, Peter and Leyenar watched from afar with the Cloak Of Levitation. "Wow, you're a seriously loyal piece of outerwear, aren't you?" Tony told the Cloak.
said Leyenar, understanding what Bruce was talking about.
Maybe more than liked him.
"Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him." Thanos stated. He then turned to Star-Lord and told him "She's asked, hasn't she? Do it."
"That's a made up word." said Drax.
"There were a lot of others chasing after Nat, wanting to marry her as well." replied Lyla. "But Rex ate them all up, 'cause the best things in life are worth fighting for."
"Knowhere." said Thor.
Proxima Midnight knelt in front of him. "Father, we will not fail you."
A grenade rolled into view, and the quartet got thrown well back when it fired its energy pulse. Star-Lord, Drax, and Mantis appeared in the doorway.
"Hey! You might wanna put that Time Stone in your back pocket, Doc!" cried Tony.
"It's a mold. A king's weapon. Meant to be the greatest in Asgard. In theory, it could even summon the Bifrost." Eitri replied.
"Get up."
"This night, our Shining Lord shall select a warrior to be his guardian and his most loyal companion. A Guardian must be prepared to sacrifice their life—their very soul—for the survival of the One Above All's son. The Winner must hold him dear to their hearts—as if the loss of the Lord would directly be a loss of themselves." The High Priest's boots were quiet along the tile as he walked, stepping forward to begin the festival. A sword gleamed in his hands, the symbol of success, for whoever was chosen would be given only the finest weapon. Boys, men, and elders stood at the ready, watching the powerful celestial with both fierce and hesitant eyes.
"Mother! Where's my mother?!" screamed the girl from earlier as a soldier dragged her through the crowd.
"I'm glad you brought this up, 'cause it's nothing. It's just a housing unit for nano particles."
"Not anymore." said Thor.
"Killed by a dark elf."
"Carol Danvers. Captain Marvel. She'd been the director's assistant since 2017, and the director requested her to bring a powerful army that can match Thanos's Black Order." replied Daisy.
Tony pointed at the approaching Dwarf. "That's the thing right there. Let's go." Bruce gave out a loud grunt, but failed to release the Hulk. Strange looked at the two of them unbelievingly. "Dude, you're embarrassing me in front of the wizards." said Tony.
and a sort of hologram of Gamora's face shuddered to life.
"I ignored my destiny once. I cannot do that again. Even for you." said Thanos. Gamora stared down unseeing for a moment, then up at the resolution on his face. She grabbed the red-jeweled dagger from his belt with lightning reflexes, triggered the blades and stabs herself in the stomach...except it was only bubbles.
"If you wanted to have a kid, you wouldn't have done that." said Pepper. She untied her boyfriend's jacket sleeves and tapped his chest attachment.
"B-b-b-bingo!" Star-Lord chimed in.
"I take that back. And now I'm here in space." replied Peter.
Hence the Sokovia Accords.
His brothers and sisters knew something was wrong by the moony look their eldest sibling kept sporting and the way he didn't chase them all away when they followed him everywhere or tugged at his robes for attention, which came to a conclusion.
"No, it isn't. We can hold them off." Daisy said.
said Leyenar.
"Go back to the pod." Thor said uneasily, then all of a sudden, a gigantic figure appeared out of nowhere and flung Thor away with one swing of his arm, then kicked Rocket and Groot against a wall of equipment.
"There's an Ant-Man
"Who are you kidding, Quill? You're one sandwich away from fat." said Rocket.
"Let me just say, if aliens wind up implanting eggs in my chest or something, and I eat one of you, I'm sorry." said Peter.
"I'd rather give it to you."
"Okay, time to be the captain." Rocket murmured. "So, dead brother, huh? Yeah, that can be annoying."
(See the end of the chapter for
asked Leyenar.
Dr. Strange placed a hand on her shoulder. "Fear not, we will find them soon." He then showed her his necklace. "Here's one, should I give it to you?"
"No. No. We were happy on my home planet."
"All-fathers… let the dark magic flow through me one last...time." prayed Heimdall. Immediately, he summoned the Bifrost, which carries the Hulk away; he met Thor's eye.
"You could not have possibly thought this through." Tony retaliated.
"This one may be tired of war." T'Challa replied, referring to James Buchanan Barnes AKA the former Winter Soldier, who the director called Winnie. "But the White Wolf has rested long enough." And so, the Soldier was offered a new arm made of vibranium.
Back at New York, Bruce found Tony's flip-phone in the debris on the street and picked it up thoughtfully. Wong opened up a portal back to the Sanctum. "Where you going?" asked Bruce.
Thor, Rocket and Groot were headed to Nidavellir. Groot said, "I am Groot."
"Absolutely...NOT!" replied the Terran.
Inside the hall, quiet footsteps echoed as the One Above All worked. There was the soft hum of the creator, a pleasant sound; it resonated with the planet and its people for seven days and seven nights. During this time, the Celestials held a great festival to celebrate the One Above All. There were many feasts and much dancing, voices rising in song and praise, and all the world thrummed with the excitement generated throughout the multiverse. Finally, all noise ceased into silence. The people crowded outside the temple, excitement growing high, as their gift was delivered.
"But it was such a long way down and I just thought about you on the way...and I kinda stuck to the side of the ship. And this suit is ridiculously intuitive, by the way. So if anything, it's kinda your fault that I'm here." Peter confessed.
"Uh, buck and a half."
"It works." he repeated.
"This boy, he was born to shed blood." An Elder announced, pleased, to the others after the Shining Lord's favoritism became apparent. The Moon Prince, however, was quiet as he watched his brother. This child, he saw, did not once take his eyes from the King, even as he fought vigorously against those with much more experience and skill. Despite the lack of equal talent, the child was winning his rounds. In his chest, the boy's heart had slowly begun to thump in rhythm with the Lord's own heartbeat: it was an unconscious action, nearly impossible if one was not of holy origin or destined to share a fate.
Tony looked at the Hulk-made opening through the ceiling and saw debris flying by outside. He and Leyenar exited the Sanctum through the front door and scanned the chaotic surroundings, the camera shaking around in this following long take to illustrate the chaos, people running and screaming in alarm, traffic becoming impossibly tangled, a litter-filled wind like a nor'easter's. A woman fell nearly at their feet and they helped her up.
Thanos:It wasn't my time.
"If it weren't for those Accords, Vision would've been right here."
At Thanos's ship, the Mad Titan himself had Gamora captive. "I thought you might be hungry." he said as he gave her a cup of food.
"I'll tell the guys at the deli." replied Dr. Strange. "Maybe they'll make you a metaphysical ham on rye."
"Some jerk lost a bet with me on on Contraxia." Rocket told him.
"Go sit down." Rocket ordered.
Voldemort:I'm going to say Five. I bet he kills Iron Man, because he's like their dad and that would be really hard to watch; Doctor Strange, because he's got to have magic taken out of the picture; The Incredible Hulk, because he's super strong; Hawkeye, because arrows are stupid.
"Hammer." said Tony, then pushed Bruce and Leyenar out of the way. His energy beam deflected off Dwarf's shield, slicing down trees. Bruce barely evaded one.
Rocket Raccoon yawned. "Why are we doing this again?"
And for Leyenar, despite her best efforts, she failed to bring upon a Civil Union, so she left the Avengers Mansion, for she wasn't happy there without the entire gang around. She was currently working with the Guardians plus Ronan, as their Earth messenger. She was also keeping in touch with Ultron and Darren, who were working as renegades now.
"Stop. Stop it." cried Gamora as she put her hands on Thanos's gauntlet, pulling it down. "I swear to you on my life. I never found the Soul Stone."
"No, you're not!" said Star-Lord, then he began faking Thor's voice. "You'll not, be taking our pod today, sir."
Memory Gamora told her, and the memory ended with that.
"Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay. I'm gonna get a Bowflex. I'm gonna commit. I'm gonna get some dumbbells." Star-Lord grumbled.
Leyenar paused for a second to catch her breath, and said
"That's right."
The words melted out of the darkness of Miriam Sharpe's living room. She jerked her head around but could not see the speaker.
"Please. Please leave." Vision pleaded.
Tony latched onto the hull and cuts a hole to board the ship, looking for wherever Strange and Ebony Maw went. That was when FRIDAY came in. "Boss, incoming call from Miss Potts."
There are no examples that I can draw on here to illustrate just how devastating the consequences of this would be. With the exception of the troubles with mutants in the late 1960's and 1970's, the consequences of which have been resolved and legalised, our country has a strong history of resting on it's democratic foundation and allowing the law to mete out justice in due course. In order for this to work as it has, we hold faith that the legal system is fair, both in the sense of equal punishment for equal crime, and in that of punishment in proportion to the crime. Justice, the personification of the law, is always portrayed with a blindfold because the law must apply equally to all men and women - this is one of the founding principles of our modern society, that everyone is created equal. While we may not live in a post-racial society, as some would like it to be, the guarantee that the law, at least, sees only your actions is a powerful thing. Vigilantism, enacted by individuals, and not the legal system, automatically voids this blindness principle. An individual, even if they were truly "good" and "heroic," is inevitably biased. Even leaving aside the moral issue and focusing only on practicalities, a vigilante cannot enforce equal punishment as the State, with greater resources and reach, can.
Well.
Poems referenced in this chapter (in order):
“Please,” he says, then takes Steve’s face in his hands and kisses him himself. Steve’s hands are warm when he wraps them around Tony’s waist, the inside of his mouth hot and liquid, molten and lovely. Tony slides an arm around Steve’s shoulders, fists a hand in his hair, loses himself in the rhythm of give and take. Steve kisses like he wants Tony immediately and forever, a heady intensity that makes Tony imagine staying here all day.
Steve had been able to taste the relief when he’d found Bucky on that table—he’d never had a friend like Buck, never had someone so loyal and reliable. He’d want that kind of friendship with his soulmate, too. Steve knows he’d feel that loyalty to
Cap rolled his eyes. “We had yo-yo’s in the forties, Tony. Spinning tops, too.”
Tony grins at her. “J, next time Pep tells me to go to a board meeting—and there’s not, like, a giant hamster attacking the city—I absolutely have to go.”
for all of a month before he notices that the flinch it causes is less a Tony-is-annoying-and-I-wish-he’d-shut-up flinch and more a deep-seated-emotional-wound flinch.
Two months later he’s living in a skyscraper with two superspies who act like middle schoolers, a very intelligent man with very stretchy pants, an alien god who’s a harder partier than Tony, and Janet Van Dyne. Who shrinks, flies, and keeps ragging on him about his design choices.
Steve has a couple of ideas as to what he’d like his soulmate to be like—not that he wouldn’t love them anyway, but if they’re meant to compliment him perfectly then he can’t really imagine they wouldn’t be something like he daydreams.
,” he drawls, making a face at a quietly smug Steve.
“It’s a plane,” Tony announces, looking up from the sensor readings. “Small craft, looks like it must have been buried and recently uncovered…”
. He must’ve pissed her off if she’s using the full name. “When you don’t go to meetings, it looks like you don’t respect my authority. And that means no one else does.”
will have that same future in their eyes, just with a little more softness, too.
“Then give me a minute, I’ll think of something—”
That it should be Dr. Erskine having this conversation is something he tries to ignore.
He drains his glass and feels nothing but empty. “I miss him,” he says, voice raw. “I already miss him.”
He doesn’t want to like Captain America, and honestly? He’s mostly ambivalent toward him. Sure, he’s a good person to have in a fight, a natural leader even if Ironman’s got better style, but mostly he’s just fine. Seeing the hero in the flesh mostly just reminds you that heroes are boring.
But Steve is looking at him with something close to fondness, and that ruins him like no rejection ever could.
, of all things, and it’s all because of this,” he waves a hand around his body, shaking his head. “I’m the one who wanted this, you know? Not the war, but—to fight. Bucky just wanted to find his girl and love her.” He huffs bitterly. “So I got my war and Buck got a lie.”
this much, surely heaven wouldn’t be this cold.
—or maybe that’s just Tony, holy shit holy
this, but bracing for it, and he’s still not sure what to say. The truth seems the only thing allowed.
Then he meets Steve Rogers.
“Record ‘em and I’ll watch the highlights.”
, and he hopes he can inspire it to go both ways.
—“no way is that a bad thing, well, ok, I guess maybe for everyone else on the planet? And homophobes or whatever, and uh, the president maybe, but whatever, who cares about them? Anyway, that’s solidly a
He watches as Captain America looks from his helmet to his gauntlets—no doubt the armor is baffling if you don’t remember any technology past the forties—to Tony’s face. Rogers squints, and then calls him by his father’s name.
Let it never be said Tony Stark doesn’t know trauma when he sees it.
Tony absolutely does not nearly burn himself in surprise. “Why is it that every conversation we have is about something I don’t want to talk about?”
He knows better. And he doesn’t like to think about what it might mean, that he was always going to end up here. It says things about choice and identity that he doesn’t want to believe.
He’s soldering a new electromagnet together when Yinsen says, carefully as casual as if he were commenting on the terrible weather, “Your mark is very beautiful.”
He is—everything is—the world feels
Tony swears. “He’s
I yell about fandom over
uncommon is that Steve—born early, too small, and coughing before he even screams—is alive to see the sun rise on his thirteenth birthday.
He tells himself he’ll get a new copy when they inevitably send him home.
Steve stumbles through the first few seconds, but then it’s like he’s drawn himself together, pulled up the bull-headed bravery that’s so worrying when they’re fighting, and Tony understands that whatever he’s come to say hadn’t been easy.
“It’s common manners to say
“Do you have a favorite?” Cap asks, and Tony blinks in a stupor for the too-long amount of time it takes to see Steve’s indicating the book in Tony’s lap.
“Steve, then.” Stark nods absentmindedly, and Steve sets his shoulders in a tight line. He takes a deep breath and tells himself to be brave. “Do you have any siblings?” he asks, because he needs to know.
“Captain? Captain Rogers?” asks a man in some sort of armor, all red and gold and flashing in the harsh lights. What must be his helmet, though Steve’s never seen anything like it, is tucked under one of his metal-covered arms and Steve squints, following the shining stretch of metal up toward a face he almost recognizes.
,” Tony confirms. He can see the soft fan of Steve’s eyelashes across his cheeks, the gut-twisting look of open wonder on his face. “More apt than I had imagined, as it turns out.” Impossible to misinterpret, now that he understands.
is a bit of a stretch, given the state of his, well,
“I don’t think there are ‘
kind of ‘oh shit’.” He should really, really shut up, or at least say something intelligent. “I mean, whew, congratulations Steve, you’ve rendered me speechless, do you even know what kind of accomplishment that is? Uh, well, you probably know very, very well—”
The team is quietly freaking out over having found a Captain America
He sits down.
. There’s sharing and then there’s oversharing and implying the uncomfortable truth about someone who Cap probably considered a friend. No point in ruining a smile. He’s done that enough.
“Happy birthday, Steven.” The gift is in last week’s newspaper, and Steve takes it with reverent hands.
There’s only one thing standing between this bomb and the city he grew up in and it’s the Atlantic Ocean. There’s not much of choice, when he puts it like that.
The paper unwraps to a carefully repaired book called
“…Howard?”
“Should I ask what was so important you had to skip
“Global Warning?” Bruce suggests. “Some seismic activity?”
It isn’t even easy for Tony, when Steve says he wants to know what happened to all the Commandos—to Peggy.
It feels like half the army thinks Peg’s his soulmate, which—well, he can’t help but feel a little flattered. She’s one hell of a woman, and whoever’s worthy of her must be pretty special, too.
Steve blinks. She’s looking at the empty bottle on the counter. “Congratulations,” he says, because it’s the thing to do. “Have you met h—them?”
Clint looks positively gleeful. “Nat,
books that Steve’s never read before; she’s struck a deal with the bookseller, she says, and he can read these while he’s sick so long as he gives them back when he’s done.
“Just thinking,” Steve says, stroking a thumb up and down Tony’s cheek bone. “You know, when you first told me who you were I was—well, really confused and slightly panicky—but I was… happy. Hopeful. Because it meant that I hadn’t lost my chance. That I still might find my soulmate—find you.”
. That’s a thought he keeps very, very, private.)
JARVIS is a no-good AI who’s far too fond of Pepper for Tony’s self-preservation. A better AI—a more
“It’s like a wireless yo-yo?” Rogers had summarized when Tony pitched the idea. “Okay.”
face. Tony loves that face because it’s not her
“You’re telling me?” she asks dryly.
Stark whirls around, spots Steve, and shakes his head comically. “Come on Rogers, call me Howard,” he corrects, turning back to what ever he was working on. Steve knows from experience that the man can carry a conversation while inventing an entirely new technology, so he just steps forwards and keeps talking.
knows Steve loved them, whoever they are, and that they should move on but he just—can’t. Can’t get the words out, not before they put Peggy on and then it takes everything he has not to start crying.
“We both need to get some sleep. Might as well do it together.”
“Well, I see you’ve found the porn. Congratulations, Cap. But if I might make a suggestion, I believe you’ll find that Skinemax is pretty lowbrow compared to some of the higher quality websites you can find on the internet.”
Steve didn’t belong down here. Tony’s workshop was his sacred place and Steve was an intruder here. But Tony hadn’t been seen in days and the rest of the team was getting worried. Empty liquor bottles littered the nearest countertop. Steve found Tony slumped over a circuit board at the back of the shop. The pang of guilt he felt at the sight was becoming an all-too familiar ache in his heart these days.
“You said to call if I needed you. I need you.”
Steve watched carefully as Tony stripped down in front of him, looking for any signs of weakness or imperfections in this body he had synthesized and uploaded himself into only a week ago. The switch from hologram to physical sensation had taken a large toll and Tony had spent most of the first few days hiding in his armor, only removing parts as necessary. It had been several more days of Tony slowly removing the armor piece by piece as he adjusted to so many sensations and Steve adjusted to the trust and love that was developing between them. The chest plate had been the last to come off just this morning.
Tony’s lips were dry and a touch softer than he had been expecting. He kept himself there for several long seconds as they breathed through the kiss together. Tony’s eyes were glistening when he stepped back.
“If you’re that determined then we can talk about it in the morning.”
P.S.-“
In front of Steve, Tony let out a sound somewhere between a gasp and a whimper and whatever trance Steve had fallen under broke. Tony. He’d forgotten Tony was here, watching all this with him and now that he remembered he’d very much like an explanation from Tony on how and when and why.
The words bore down on him, a taunting challenge.
Steve didn’t miss Tony. You couldn’t miss someone you lived with, right? Steve’s melancholy was the same as it always was. He was a man out of time. He didn’t belong here. He didn’t belong with anyone. He was meant to feel this loneliness. The empty ache that took residence whenever he thought of Tony was a coincidence. It wasn’t like he was in love with the guy.
So all this had been leading up to something that Tony needed from Steve. He’d suspected from the start and the sting he felt was surely because Tony thought that Steve would be persuaded to his side with sex. It’s not like Steve had ever fully believed that a computerized version of Tony Stark was unequivocally in love with him.
Tony waited for his words to sink in, anticipation turning his stomach into knots. But this is what he’d decided to do, wasn’t it? To be honest and lay all his cards out. No secrets. No lies. It was the only way the team would be able to function again. The team needed to come back together. The world needed the Avengers. And, at the center of it all, Tony needed Steve.
“Ready?”
Tony’s champagne sat untouched in front of him, though his gaze drifted to it periodically as he spoke. Steve wondered if he would drink it now if he could. Could an A.I. be an alcoholic? Had that part of Tony’s mind transferred to the A.I. or had Tony managed to avoid passing on that flaw? Steve sipped from his own glass and watched Tony for signs of envy.
“I’m not after anything. It’s just a simple observation. Don’t want you to have to be alone tonight.”
“Steve, it’s not mind control, or memory loss, or whatever else you’re thinking. I would know if someone had done something to my mind. I have scanners in place, in the garage. I would know.”
Steve slammed his eyes shut on the image of Tony still jerking off in front of him and came with a loud groan. He sat still for several long seconds as orgasm washed over his body and left him a shuddering mess.
“…hurts. Everything…so overwhelming. I don’t remember it being like this.”
"What? Tony, you lost another super bot?"
"NOOOOOOOO!" screamed the Hulk. Bruce fell back exhausted into his tree, and said, "Whaddaya mean, "no"?"
"You already know." The tone remained remarkably even. "Have to admit, your timing was impeccable and your acting skills superb."
"There are two more Stones on Earth. Find them, my children, and bring them to me on Titan." said Thanos.
snarked the young director.
"Banner, you want a piece?" asked Tony.
"I seriously don't know how you fit your head into that helmet." Strange told him.
"A bit...chunky." said Strange.
"One way or another, the path that we're on leads to Thanos." Gamora told him.
Palpatine:GET OUT!
STARK—Howard Anthony Walter and Maria Collins Carbonell are proud to announce the birth of their son, Anthony Edward Stark. Anthony was born on May 29th weighing 7 pounds and measuring 18 inches. Visitors are asked to call ahead.
"I'm sorry, Earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get outta here." said Tony.
"To ensure that whoever possesses it... understands its power... the stone demands a sacrifice." the Red Skull explained. "In order to take the stone you must lose that which you love. A soul... for a soul."
1. She failed to bring upon a Civil Union.
Thanos:Oh yes, I can.
Vision seemed to shake a bit at the mention of Leyenar, but then swallowed the lump in his throat and retaliated "Captain, 70 years ago, you laid down your life to save how many millions of people. Tell me, why is this any different?" Steve took a breath, but before he had a chance to answer, Bruce spoke up.
replied Leyenar.
"How long?" asked Steve.
However, I know my fate. I have fought it for far too long. I can no longer thrive off of petty hatred and useless violence. I long for Death's sweet touch, yet I know whose eyes I will look into when the time comes: the soul of one who meant much to me before my troubled youth forced her to sacrifice herself for the sake of the universes. She will bring an end to my torturous life.
she said in her best Iron Man voice.
"It's too late. We need to destroy the stone now." said Vision, struggling to get off the table.
"NOOOOO! You're gonna pay for that!" cried Thor, only to have his mouth shut by Maw, who picked up the Tesseract and handed it to Thanos. "My humble personage…bows before your grandeur. No other being has ever had the might, nay the nobility, to wield not one, but two Infinity Stones. The universe lies within your grasp."
"You know, Quill, you shouldn't talk that way to your captain, Quill." said Rocket. "Come on, Groot. Put that game down, you'll rot your brain."
As their conversation finished, the bell rung. It declared only three contestants left. From these three, the High King would choose his Guardian. The Star Warrior and two older men stood before the Celestial Council. The Shining Lord nearly bounced in his seat. He simply had eyes for the companion of his own age. The Moon Prince could not disagree that it could be more beneficial if his guard was the same year, for it would allow the two to grow in solidarity much more. It would also be easier for the two to respect each other, for the Lord had a habit of turning his nose at those who thought themselves more educated and many men had a terrible idea that he was too young to know much.
"Gamora...is the daughter of Thanos." Drax told him.
"Thanos is coming. He's coming..." muttered Bruce.
"So how do we make it?" asked Rocket.
"What?" asked Peter.
who blamed the Avengers and Irah for her son's death. She thought,
she said in her best Captain America voice.
"Yeah, we got one advantage. He's coming to us. We'll use it. All right, I have a plan. Or at least the beginnings of one. It's pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don't wanna dance with this guy. We just want the gauntlet." said Tony, causing Drax to yawn. "Are you
Miriam swallowed hard.
Joker:Ooooo! Oooooo, put me down for Loki faking his death and killing Thanos later!
"I'm not looking for forgiveness. And I'm way past asking for permission. Earth just lost her best defender. So we're here to fight." Steve replied. "And if you wanna stand in our way, we'll fight you, too."
Leyenar retaliated.
Meanwhile, Maw continued to torture Strange. "Painful, aren't they? They were originally designed for microsurgery. And any one of them..." Suddenly, he paused at a sudden thump behind him, and turned to see Iron Man, repulsors fully charged and ready to fire. "...Could end your friend's life in an instant." Maw finished.
Steve blinks. His vison is turning fuzzy on the edges, and sigh that he’s about to lose consciousness. But he has to know, he has to
Clint shoots forward to the console. “Did we find the Titanic?”
equipped to ignore you, even, you really should have—"
has the same stubborn drive, well. That’s definitely something he could love.
, Mr. Kohn says to him when he finally looks the horse in the mouth and asks why,
“Because it reads like Whitman,” Yinsen interrupts, voice as level as it always is. He lets a tiny little smirk slip onto his face. “Though my ear for American poetry is a little lacking.”
Fifteen minutes later they’re standing outside a once-futuristic plane with a HYDRA symbol on it.
—he feels pretty confident in the fact that Howard was an exaggerating asshole and a bitter old man.
“You don’t sound very speechless,” Steve says, the fond amusement in his voice doing fluttery things to Tony’s already tempestuous insides.
s,” Peggy says. “Not really.”
Steve Rogers is only a man. Not that there’s much
. Captain America is a symbol of whatever the country wanted
a frost giant but a national icon, and Jan is buzzing around a mystified Bruce when—
Steve jolts to sit up, the movement sudden enough that all the blood goes rushing to his head and he is suddenly, wretchedly dizzy—like he hasn’t been since before the serum. The last he knew he was expecting to be dead, and yet here he was—and surely heaven wouldn’t
Tony has been… not
“What did you think?” the man asks when Steve passes them back over the counter and says
He calls Rogers
“Damn, Stevie. Couldn’t get a first name too?” Buck’s mark had come in years ago, a wandering scrawl over his shoulder that neither of them can really read. Steve’s happy with his name and initials.
What more is there to say, really, but the truth?
He smiles faintly. She’s worried for him, obviously, or she wouldn’t have been so gentle. He appreciates it, even if he had wanted to be alone.
ringing in Steve’s ears as he passes out.
“Steve, you—”
He’d shown Bucky his mark nearly as soon as they’d gotten back from spitting in HYDRA’s face. Buck had taken one long look, then shook his head and slapped him on the back.
He was talking to Peggy, he thinks, talking to Peggy and flying a plane and—and then—
. “But when I tell you to attend a meeting, it’s because I need you to
“For me to run your company better than you,” she replies, and then points a perfectly-manicured finger at him. “You’re still a majority shareholder and that means You. Attend. Board meetings.”
“Of course.” He can feel his heart beating in his ears, a solid and speeding
now, jeez, it finally feels like using his lungs isn’t
There’s just something about Rogers that draws Tony to him. And everyone else on the planet, obviously, but Tony thinks he wins points for worst idea. Figures he’d fall face-first into annoying the Star-Spangled Man as part of some faux-apathetic game of
“Steve?”
Ironman cannot save everyone. That was glaringly clear from before the suit even had a name. He tries, he does, for probably longer than advisable, but. He’s not enough. No collection of armor, no amount of tech, none of it is enough.
instead of the generally assumed
They put him on a cot in medical and he sits there, for what could have been minutes or hours, furling and unfurling his fingers. His hands aren’t that much different than before—they’d always been a little over-large for his body, like great fins screwed on to too-small arms. They’re steadier now, and he’s got far better aim—though that might just be that he can finally really
Poems referenced this chapter (in order):
The reactor had ended up just above his mark, one of the scars from the shrapnel trailing down into the top of the neat writing. He would think—if he didn’t know better, he would think the mark came second.
shareholder meeting?” Pepper asks shrewdly.
“Uh,” Tony says, because the truth is he’d gotten distracted trying to teach the ‘bots to play catch. “Avengers stuff?” One look at Pep’s unimpressed face has him changing tactics. “Didn’t I make you CEO? What’s the point if I still have to go to boring meetings?”
They make themselves a lot more oomph, but it’s still only one of them that makes it out. Seeing Rhodey’s relieved face, feeling an ache in his chest that has nothing to do with shrapnel, that almost makes it worth it.
“Shall we investigate, Avengers?” Thor booms.
, he thinks, or maybe says aloud.
“I bet she’s great.”
“At least we can finally give him a proper burial,” Tony murmurs inside the suit while Jan gasps over the comms. Natasha crouches down and starts tapping at her gauntlets, Clint is explaining to Thor that the man in the ice
every little detail around him—but it’s almost like the procedure hadn’t given him a
, a Stark, another Stark. This man says
They sit in silence for a long moment.
“Hi Tony,” the bastard says.
He watches her leave until the elevator doors close. “I should get her one of those Uncle Sam posters, just Pep glaring and
Liking Captain America, the impossibly living legend, would just be admitting that his father was right. That the man, the myth, the “good person” yardstick, was actually as good as Tony couldn’t be.
So what if he spends a lot of time designing and testing Cap’s gear? He spends the time he needs to spend on everyone’s equipment—if he didn’t, he’d be sending them into battle with sub-standard gear. He couldn’t live with himself otherwise. Maybe he spends a little extra time of Cap’s equipment, but that’s just because it’s so detailed. He’d do the same for anybody else.
“I got my soulmark when I joined the army,” Peggy says.
“Um,” Steve says. Definitely aloud, then.
Tonight he’s seeing it stare out of the mirror after a rare attempt of a decent night’s sleep failed when he can’t stop seeing sand and fire every time he closes his eyes. God, he wishes he could just pass the fuck out.
Tony blanches and raises his hands in an inelegant flap of
Not that he’s doing much right now, quarantined to his bed with a lung-wracking cough. He’s been like this for over a week and he’s going near screwy with boredom, enough that he gets frustrated with drawing and begs his ma for something else to do. The next night she hands him two
There is darkness all around him, and silence broken only by his own labored breathing.
He’s probably the foremost expert on
she just goes ahead anyway. It’s a trait he admires and a quality he tries to emulate, and if
“There’s no landing this thing,” Steve says, looking at the screen promising one hell of a boom when he hit something solid.
“Oh,” Steve exhales, reaching his hand out to unconsciously trace the swirls of Tony’s mark. His touch is warm electricity, sparking under Tony’s skin. “Walt Whitman.”
Instead of Nazi gold—real or fake—they find an uncomfortable number of thankfully disabled bombs, and—
will either, and he—he needs to know.
Tony gasps awake, eyes wide and blinking, feeling tethered and sluggish and like his throat is sandpaper on a steel file. There’s a tube in his nose and he spares a moment to think that it’s probably the worst feeling he’s ever experienced—
But even with all his daydreaming over what his soulmate might be like there’s no ignoring the obvious.
“Um,” Steve looks down at him, biting at his lower lip. Tony wants to bite it for him and kiss away the sting. “Do you—”
“Take her dancing for me, Peg.” He says, the words falling out in a rush. The icy blue stretch of water below him rises up in a surge of inevitability. “Tell her Steve Rogers says hello, and take her dancing.”
“Mr. Kohn, you didn’t need—”
“I liked ‘em,” Steve says, “only…” he trails off.
“Little late for a nightcap, Cap,” he says lowly, telegraphing his footsteps as carefully as he can. Rogers still jolts to look at him, but at least Tony doesn’t get punched in the face. “Can’t sleep?”
“I do,” she says, like it’s a statement of fact and not a secret. Like she knows Steve won’t care; like she knows he will, but only for the kinship it sparks within him. “First and last name, right on my hip.”
. If he’d been born without illness, if he hadn’t had to scrape his way through the ‘30s, if he’d been one of those fellas Dr. Erskine hadn’t wanted to give the serum to, he might’ve grown into something like this.
s and turns back to his work. “Well, I’m the only Stark running around for anyone to worry about. Don’t even have any cousins,” Howard offers, attention officially gone. Steve makes an awkward goodbye, frowning as he walks out the door.
when given a gift,” Mr. Kohn says, bemused. “Go on, open it.”
A week or so later he’s recovered from this bout of whatever-it-was and ma sends him off toward Mr. Kohn’s with the books in hand.
written on his skin and the uncertain hope those first two letters allow.
By the time he is five, Tony can read it for himself. He sounds out the words to the mirrors turning them right way, though some of them are things he doesn’t understand. He writes it down, a childish scrawl that does not capture the turns of the ‘w’s or the slide of the ‘e’s, but requires less contorting to read.
, but he didn’t understand it until now.
The man’s mouth falls to a flat line before twisting back into a smile. “Tony, actually, Tony Stark. His son.”
“Why don’t you borrow some more,” he says, and Steve nearly trips over himself in agreement.
There is bright, bright light around him, a bunch of voices going quiet, and Steve feels cold and warm and exhausted.
Dr. Erskine gives him a chance, and then another, and then he’s gone and Steve is left standing in his wake, an anomalous marvel of modern science.
, jesus—"
“Are you sassing me? See if I build you anything nice now,” Tony scoffed, and then quietly played acronym games until he could call the return device YO-YO.
“We were trying to figure out how to put this better but, uh—Welcome to the future.”
“Absolutely everyone should respect you, Pep, even without my say-so.”
—want to brag about knowing legends, well, Tony lives two floors up from the
Really, it’s nothing unusual that he tests out different body armor or builds a one-of-a-kind motorcycle. He even takes a look at the shield, where he has to grudgingly admit to himself that the old man did a pretty solid job on that one—though Tony’s got mock-ups for a return device for the rare cases where Cap misses the rebound.
Tony’s chapter is longer because he has to share (and that’s how I justified writing so much of him being a thirsty ass bitch)
“He’s waking up, everyone
“Only?”
It’s the same kind of feeling that looking at his mark gives him.
What must it be like, Tony wonders—though not for the first time—to wake up and realize all your friend’s happy moments have already happened, and you were there for none of them? To not have been there when Rhodey found Carol, when Pepper first met her niece, when Jan learned to fly. To have missed all the things you thought the future would bring.
and—” It had been the first time someone had told him to fix something and actually helped him do it. “She and Aunt Angie were the absolute best visitors, I swear. Broke my seven-year-old heart when I figured out neither one of them could be my soulmate,” he finishes, dragging his mouth closed before he can ramble like an idiot for another five minutes.
He clears his throat.
It’s by a man named Walt Whitman and inside it is Tony’s mark. It’s not a happy book, not really, but Tony likes it anyway. He doesn’t bother to show it to his father—he knows better than to expect Howard to be interested in anything outside of functioning robots, and even then, Tony’s not likely to get much interest.
(See the end of the chapter for
” he says quietly, “
There’s still something not quite right, like there’s an empty spot in the line-up that is only mitigated when War Machine is on loan. That’s the only way Tony can think to describe it: an emptiness. A void where there should have been someone or something but no one can remember.
Watching him at the Expo with the not-quite-flying car hadn’t been enough to distract him from trying to enlist. Up close, with the war on the line and the promise of success Project Rebirth had given them all, it’s like watching the future come to life.
He stares at her, then swallows. “I don’t… not.”
“Sorry?”
He doesn’t want to like Captain America.
“What is it, J?” Tony asks inside the helmet.
“Fucking hope not,” Tony mutters, and goes back to staring at the piles of Stark Industries crap lying around the cave. If he’s going to get the two of them out of here, he’s going to need something with more oomph than a car battery.
He’s sure as hell lonely.
“Sure am,” Tony replies, bemused. “Bunch of family names shoved together. All terrible, if you ask me, I’m sure as hell not going around being called
Upgrading Cap’s gear is just a matter of practicality. He does the same for all the other Avengers, once he seduces Widow and Hawkeye into giving up their SHEILD issue crap. Even Bruce gets prototype after prototype, though his are focused more on containment than fight efficacy. Tony doesn’t really make anything for Thor—outside of a kick-ass training course—but Thor has a magic alien hammer that he uses to fly, so. He can source his own gear.
Tony shrugs. “There’re some wild energy readings coming off of it for a frozen pile of junk.”
If Howard’s the only Stark around, then where’s his?
Mr. Kohn peers at Steve from behind his shining glasses. “I did think it a bit contrived.”
Steve’s brow furrows. Then he laughs, shaking his head. “No, that’s not—No.”
They settle into teamwork, all conscious of the weirdness around the edges. Tony keeps an eye out for new heroes, gives some hands-off support to some small-time little guys saving one neighborhood at a time, and races Jan and Thor through the skies over Manhattan.
When he turns ten, his mother gives him a book of poetry with one page marked.
Blood rushes through Steve’s ears in a howling mess of heat. The future. The
So Steve had trekked back and forth to the bookstore every week or so, had worked his way through the rest of Holmes, some battered Agatha Christies, and even one coverless Shakespeare that Mr. Kohn had managed to talk him into instead of swath of Hardy Boys. He’s not sure he
It takes him less than a minute to figure out he’s not the only one awake. But then, Rogers was kind enough to turn on a side-lamp in the living room for Tony’s night-vision to dilate around. He stares at the back of Roger’s head for a long moment, thinking. About turning around and going back to bed, about locking himself in the workshop and building a projectile that spits goo, about the shimmer of blonde hair in lamplight, the burn of sand and fire and ice, that telling little flinch.
“No time,” he says, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. He must be panicking, at least a little, since breathing feels like it used to, back when he couldn’t do it very well. “If I don’t go down now then it’ll be somewhere populated.” He takes one last look at the horizon, where the water and ice meet the great expanse of the sky, and pulls the controls until he’s heading straight for nothing.
“The Titanic is a myth.”
Steve looks down at his hands braced together in his lap. Tony thinks unbidden back on a history of people trying to perfect the human form, and how no one had made hands so well as Sarah Rogers.
Winter’s Tale, but he did feel awful sorry for that Hermione woman spending so long as a living statue.
“He was my best friend,” he says, because Peggy’s being nice to him, because it’s obvious, because he doesn’t know what else to say.
Tony nearly holds a placating hand up, then remembers the repulsors and thinks better of it. “Captain?” he asks, breath baited. “Captain Rogers?”
—when the man in question takes a shallow, rasping breath.
, and a bucket-load of other quips that he spins off the top of his head whenever they’re in vaguely near each other.
The nicknames are probably the most schoolgirl-crush of him, but Tony’s always been a nickname. It’d be more unusual if Rogers didn’t get any. There’s
“Thank you,” Pepper says, then turns to say goodbye to Steve and remind Tony about that paperwork he still hasn’t signed. He’ll do it in triplicate and send some Jimmy Choos to apologize.
He takes a long, hissing breath. “Buck had a soulmark, you know? And I didn’t, and he used to say it didn’t matter if I got one or not, said he’d be there ‘til—” his voice chokes. He swallows around the lump in his throat and looks away from Peggy’s sympathetic eyes. “I used to be so afraid I’d never get one and Bucky’d find his and that he’d—leave. And now he’s dead, and I’m the one with the mark, with a
When no one objects, Tony turns back toward the console. “J, find a solid landing spot nearby and put us down. Everybody suit up—Bruce, there’s some gear in the back if you want to come with.”
Plus he’ll swear up a streak as blue as his eyes and that, uh. That does things to Tony.
He immediately course-corrects to make it look like he was walking over to them the whole time, ambling casually over to their position by the couches. He’s been more convincing.
Peggy smiles wryly. “You don’t have a woman’s name, do you?”
They are not the same, not really. Captain America is a hero built from decades of stories and tales and propaganda, a legendary figure for 20
follows him through eleven years, five attempts at enlistment, and a week at Camp Leigh before the binding finally gives up the ghost.
“She lived,” he starts, “for so long. She—well, she founded SHEILD, which you probably knew—from the acronym alone, right—and she spent her entire life being better than other people wanted to let her be. And daring everyone else to be better than she expected.” He grins a little, to himself. “Never gave an inch, that was Aunt Peggy.”
It’s Stark who responds first. “Give us coordinates, Rogers, we’ll find you someplace safe to land—”
Natasha huffs. “Wasn’t gold.”
“You still have to show me around New York,” she says, and even through the static of the radio he can hear her voice choking, “take us dancing.”
“No”, Steve says, thinking of the promise he made, of the wheeze of Erskine’s last breath, of
“You should know that just because you saved my life doesn’t mean I’m not fully equipped to ignore you,” Tony deflects. He makes a face. “I’m
It’s not uncommon, being born without a soulmark. Most people only get theirs after making some decision or another, a sign that whatever choice you just made had cemented the path that would lead you to your other half. Steve thinks it must be nice, being born with a mark, knowing that you were always perfect for somebody; but he’s not surprised to be born blank.
, he wants to say,
, he thinks, because—maybe it is.
In between storming HYDRA strongholds, Steve bullies himself into voicing the obvious question. Stark is in the SSR lab, shirt rucking up under his suspenders, hair flying wild, and a manic glint in his eye that usually means Steve’s going to get some high-advanced, possibly explosive new gadget.
body, just… Taken the limits of what was already there and
Steve shifts on his feet, pulling his hand back in and rubbing his other thumb over the inside skin of his fingers. “I’ve had this since the serum,” he says, soft and grinning. “I kept asking your—Howard about increasingly obscure relations. I kept thinking he’d cottoned on.”
