. Hephaestus needs to be realistic. He’ll be on Olympus and Steve will be on Earth. Fighting for what is right if his plan to fix the machine is successful. He’ll make sure it is.
“And you pal, are gonna be my assistant. You’ve never been on Earth, and I’m here for at least another decade or two. I don’t mind if you stick with me for a few years.”
So Tony spends the next two months taking the sentiment to heart, living his life on death row with the motto, “fuck everything.”
“I mean, it's not technically accurate. The suit's a gold-titanium alloy, but I’ll give it to them. It is kind of evocative, the imagery, anyway.”
Contradictions and paradoxes that would be impossible to keep up with if he was human. When ideas crop up all Tony can do when they fly past is catch it and hang on to control them.
Because his priority is only to get to Steve, Tony is quick to knock out the guy with a hard punch to the face. It’s not strong enough to kill, but remembering what happened won’t be easy.
“It’s crazy,” Steve says, “because when I think about it there’s so much I don’t know about you. You’ve been frustratingly good at avoiding talking about your past and there are things about you that I can’t explain. The funny thing is though, I can’t find it in myself to care.”
His sadness is a complicated, knotted up mess that lodged right in his chest. Tangled in self-hatred, anger, and lost time.
And yeah he may be a god, but conjuring up another suit doesn’t really occur to him being such a damn mess of pure emotions.
A warmth spreads everywhere throughout Hephaestus. This is definitely a moment he’ll remember for a very long time.
When they finally recongregate, Hades and him begin to take apart the weapon used by the culprit. It becomes clear almost immediately that at its core, this isn’t purely man-made.
Hephaestus forces himself to shove down the nausea he feels. It’s only been a few days, but he's so easily forgotten how dangerous the god of the dead can be. Dangerous to the point of blatant mind manipulation. It doesn't matter that he's his father. Blood, as he has learned many, many times, doesn't create bonds.
It is, quite frankly, terrifying. Not knowing where he is. Not being able to see or comprehend the situation fully. He doesn’t know if it’s a side effect of being a god or what, but his ability to come up with hundreds of scenarios that scream of imminent danger aren’t thwarted by the same confusion.
To his surprise, Rhodey’s expression turns chastising. “Brother. We’re brothers, Tones, even when you’re being an allusive asshole.”
Fuck, he should’ve stayed in his workshop. Stave off the need for more caffeine that ran out hours ago and eventually crash instead. He knows how to work until he can’t anymore. Instead he wandered up here.
Tony has been working on something else though. Something that he feels compelled to build with a ferocity that scares him a little.
There’s been no word so far on the mysterious “someone you’ll find interesting,” but Hephaestus doesn’t think he’ll have to wait much longer once Hades knows he finished the tracker.
“I agree completely. My son, Thor, although he is not aware of it, will acquire the throne someday.”
He really can’t let himself get out of control if he ends up getting dragged into fighting or training here.
He could imagine an affair with so much potential in one place. Of course it would be the most ostentatious and extravagant thing anyone’s ever seen, but that’s a given.
“No kidding.” Tony has never been so glad that he can take phone calls internally. Otherwise just the noise alone would screw him over.
“Okay so, about a year after starting the company I began demonstrations for a new metal my team discovered in Africa. Vibranium. The demonstrations worked so well that some goons attacked me in an attempt to get it.
He tries to recall the last thing he remembers. Trees. Wind. Thunder. His father. Zeus. Sky. Falling. Air. Falling. Ungrateful
(Hephaestus tries his best not to think about Steve. Steve seeing the lowest points of humanity. Steve fighting and fighting and realizing it isn’t enough. Hephaestus had to leave before even finding out where Steve was going. Before even saying goodbye.)
Tony looks up at Brooklyn Heights’ sky, a light-polluted wash of navy. Then down at the huge concrete slab dedicated to Captain Steven Grant Rogers.
He may be different now in a lot of ways, but Tony is sadly proud to know that this won’t change that.
Because for some reason, falling in love with someone of the same gender is dirty here. Those couples have been reduced to rushed kisses, dark alleys, and a deep longing that never ends.
He wants to speak honestly. He wants it so badly that he could burst with it. Why does it feel like he’ll never get another chance again?
Now, he knew he often tested her patience, as he was infamous for his many affairs among all of the gods and mortals.
“I built,” he glanced up at his father. He could not mess up again, but his tongue wasn't working properly and if he elaborated he knew nothing good would come of it.
Irony of those statements aside, Tony doesn’t like what Fury is insinuating. He chose to poke the bear, he knows that, but he can’t afford to be a player in whatever game this is man is playing.
not understanding. Because she did not want to talk to Hephaestus either, but she was going to get his father all worked up for no reason.
“I’m giving you a chance. Come with me and you’ll spend the rest of your days in an expensive jail cell.”
She was beyond frustrated and disappointed, but she took a deep breath. Let it out. Took another just to ring herself in.
Hera picked up her wine again. Hephaestus stared at Ares. Maybe if he wished hard enough, Ares would understand and they could leave.
The plan is to take something important enough from him that he’ll have to agree to let you return, if only to get his possession back.”
“I know. I’m getting there. The main issue with that is what would happen once your influence over him is gone. Best case scenario is that you end up on Earth again, even more injured than you are right now.”
The second thought he has is the integration of such an ancient power source with new, clunky technology feels absolutely awful.
He then turns to Hephaestus. “Also, there’s some last minute details I’d like you to take a look at tonight as soon as your finished up here.”
A massive hammer, silver and wrapped in a durable brown material (similar to leather), came down swiftly on a piece of metal.
“I’m sorry, but do you mind if I sit here?” Steve has a faint blush on his cheeks, but he looks at him directly in the eye.
“I wanted to say thank you.” Steve begins, once the lights of the barracks are a distant glow. “You’ve done more than you ever had to and I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you for it.”
Rhodey curses under his breath. “We’ll figure it out, Tones. I promise I’ll do everything I can to help you.”
“It is so important for you to know where you come from and what the universe was like before Zeus became the ruler of Olympus.”
It doesn’t take long for anti-aircraft guns to hammer the plane once they get into enemy territory. Steve stands up to grab a parachute. Hephaestus wants to point out that they were supposed to go all the way in, but if the stubborn set of Steve’s jaw is any indication, he won’t listen.
The younger god hasn’t even done anything yet, despite what he was told. Not one person has even approached him, but he figures that’s Hades’s fault. His fingers itch to fix the invention, but he firmly holds himself in place.
Hephaestus checks to make sure the agent is unconscious before tossing him out of the truck as well, far less gracefully than the super-soldier.
“Good,” Rhodey replies, but he sounds wary. “Because I’m staring at one right now and the U.S. military is about to blow the unauthorized thing to pieces.”
“Of course.” Hephaestus gestures Steve to follow him. They begin to walk to the edge of the base camp, away from any unwanted listeners and away from any reminder of the battle to come.
Zola scrambles to the catwalk controls and a gap appears between the two men as the sides split and retract. Schmidt shoots a withering look at Zola who pales considerably.
“The engineer just radioed ahead. Hydra dispatch gave him permission to open the throttle.” Jones slips off his headphones, concern bleeding through his voice.
There was nothing. And Hera, exhausted, wrung out, cried in anguish because she did not want a child, she would not love them, she wanted her husband, and this had all been pointless.
Of course, before anything can be done, a high pitched whine begins behind him. Acting on pure instinct, Tony drops down just as the blast from the Hydra weapon fires.
Except it’s not fine. When he finally finds Steve the man is sitting with his head in his hands, slumped in a way that feels far too close to resignation. “Steve?”
It didn’t work as a distraction as much as Hephaestus wished it would, but Steve has another thing coming if he thinks Hephaestus isn’t prepared to take the base down with him.
A distraction though (he can’t decide if it’s the good or bad kind), has been his impromptu job with Agent Carter.
Hephaestus couldn’t quite cover his smug smile with his hand when Steve took the empty seat next to his.
Tony can’t act openly as a god. Not only would that create chaos, but it would out himself to the nameless threat that took Hades and maybe Persephone away from him. Tony strongly suspects it’s tied to the Titan that attacked him on the train as well actually.
Tony is going to see him again. Tony is going to actually talk to Steve and have to act like they didn’t spend several years at war together, putting their lives on the line for each other.
The old man scrambles backward in fear. Tony engulfs one palm in flames, the other aiming the gun at Stane. “You don’t know the first thing about the future.” He pleads, “Give it up, Stane.”
Many believed there was a grove of apple trees that bore golden fruit. It gave immortality to anyone who consumed them.
(Tony briefly flashes back to the Howling Commandos and how their oldest member was only 31 years old, the rest of them in their mid-twenties. War is so fucking cruel.)
“I could end this now, but such isn’t the path we need.” The Titan sighs in a mixture of annoyance and exasperation.
Steve fidgets before reaching for a book that Hephaestus didn’t notice was next to them on the staircase. The cover and spine are worn thin, well loved.
It’s almost funny how stupidly ignorant the agent is to canon he’s using, something fused so horrifically with an alien power source even Tony doesn’t understand yet.
It doesn’t take long for the glint of the shield to catch Steve’s eyes, but he doesn’t reach out until Hephaestus gently pushes it over. Blue eyes study the metal in clear fascination.
He’s been perfectly fine with shoving the whole situation down and ignoring any desire he has to figure out exactly what those far too pink lips taste like. Thank you very much.
Explosions rock the air and Steve hesitates. Hephaestus mourns the fact that it’s at the danger of his jump and not the ruler of the Underworld itself yelling at him. Steve is naïve to the fact that he’s defying one of the most powerful beings in the universe and it makes Hephaestus flinch when he realizes he’s about to do the same.
“Okay, was anybody gonna tell me you have magical fucking powers, or was I just supposed learn about that when your hand was on fire?”
Maybe the beratement for his failures has only been held off for the moment and the calm, friendly demeanor is just a front. He shouldn't let himself hope for anything else.
So Hephaestus doesn’t mind if Steve stays with him. He understands far too well how Steve’s presence alone, his light and hope, is powerful enough to be that anchor when everything else floats away with the rest of the chaos.
Rhodey must have escorted him to his room as well because he doesn’t remember much beyond a strong arm slung over his shoulder and a hushed
Fear doesn’t have a place here, even though ice makes the rocky plateau they’re standing on slick and dangerous. Dugan and Dernier adjust a winch at the cliff’s edge without hesitation.
“I’ll begin by prefacing that this plan isn’t exactly ideal, but it’s the best we’ve got considering the circumstances.”
“The Pentagon, right?” Tony speaks to Maria, but his accusation is all for Howard. “Don’t worry. You’re going to love the holiday menu with the commissary.”
Hades gives a small smile, “Ideally, it’ll breed an army of super-soldiers to fight the Nazis and win the war.”
“Right.” He looks back at the room and takes a large sip of his drink. “And what can I do for you today, Agent Coulson? Besides that debriefing you’re desperate enough to bother my assistant for.”
it. “I need you to go to Obadiah’s office. You'd hack into the mainframe and retrieve all the recent shipping manifests. This is a lock chip. It’ll get you in. The files are probably on a ghost drive, so you’ll need to look for the lowest numeric heading.”
“Did you find what we need or am I wasting my time?” Hades doesn’t ask. His question is a demand tinged with impatience. The ancient, terrible power that only death is capable of seeps into the air in a way that's sickeningly familiar.
Calloused hands clench and unclench at random intervals, knuckles becoming increasingly pale while skin threatens to break with every movement.
But nothing could have prepared him for the dedication and courage that manifested so fully in Steve these last few days.
Collins or Stark, it doesn’t matter. He owes it to the most heroic person he’s ever known to keep that promise.
Hephaestus tilts his head to really look at Hermes for a second. This is the first time they’ve had an actual conversation and oddly enough, he’s nothing like what he expected.
Now he’s got a hole in a chest that’s almost done leaching out all of his strength. Now he’s got an entire locker full of evidence that his company is double dealing behind his back.
“The one and only.” The god smiles with his teeth. And suddenly that hint he saw of the god’s abilities, magnified. It bled into the air, a solid wall of ancient, terrible power.
Humanity was slowly becoming more advanced from what he had heard, but Hephaestus kept Mount Olympus severely ahead with his constant improvements.
He sees bruised knees. His head covered as the pain of numbers overwhelm and push and don’t stop screaming because he is too young to be allowed to release them into creation. He is not allowed to defile his father’s sacred workshop.
It’s a bad night. Which, considering how manic and self-destructive he’s been since arriving back on Earth from Titan, Tony will admit that’s saying something. Some would say he needs to stop, slow down, or he’ll kill himself, but god he can’t bring himself to care.
Those blue eyes are painfully genuine though. Any argument he might have had dies before it can be spoken. And for some reason, he’s glad he can’t find a retort or ugly response.
Ares cleared his throat from behind, and Hephaestus flinched. He couldn't believe he forgot about his brother.
Howard continues, “With Stark Gravitic Reversion Technology, you’ll be able to do just that.” With a smirk, he turns a knob and slowly pushes another lever up.
There’s a moment of silence where Pepper analyzes his face and he lets her, resigned to her (arguably misguided) care for him.
“Child, you seem to misunderstand. All of humanity can be slaughtered for all I care. They are merely a vehicle for a greater purpose. One I must agree is necessary for the goal we desire.” He sighs as if sparring innocent lives is an inconvenience. As if Tony should be grateful for his so called mercy.
“Thanks, Dum-E.” He pats the bot’s strut with a small, but genuine smile. “I think I’m getting up now though.” Tony heaves himself upward. It takes a second to get his balance, soon enough however, he begins to make his way across the workshop and into the half-bath that he vaguely remembers installing a few years ago.
He can’t see it, but he just knows Rhodey rolls his eyes. “Well, I’ve got some serious news. The base just got word of a weapons depot that was blown up a few clicks from where you were being held captive.”
He’s stuck at what’s got to be one of the top five worst locations for privacy, but with all the recording devices set on a loop and JARVIS prepared to warn him about any intruders, Tony did his best to make due.
In the end, he gives up on getting any rest and unsurprisingly chooses to go back to the workshop instead.
Former Brigadier James Montgomery Falsworth, British and not as proper as he seems, just smirks. Someone had to control the weapon on top of that half-track after all.
To be completely honest, Tony is more than a little curious as to what exactly Fury A.K.A. California Mountain Snake wants, but he’d rather only drink decaf coffee for the rest of eternity than let Fury and his set of cronies know that.
America (Earth in general. Seriously.) Hephaestus knows, will be nothing like the stories he was told growing up on Olympus. Older gods would talk about the planet like it was a damn playground.
Hephaestus snaps out of his spiraling thoughts. Taking the cue for a more casual greeting, he simply bows his head. “General.”
“The good kind, huh?” When Phillips’s hand comes back with a grenade, Hephaestus feels his heart stop.
“Oh. Well then I’m glad you’re still doing okay.” He takes a sip of coffee. “I’m actually not much of a drill sergeant myself, so don’t worry about that unless we’re actually out there.” Hephaestus nods toward the outside training yard.
Thor nods eagerly, then seems to remember himself. His attempt to recover with a diplomatic nod of the head is amusing at most.
The mortals rush after the announcement to gather in front of the stage Hades (Or should he say Howard?) will present on.
Confused and more than a little panicked, he bangs on the door in frustration. Steve and Bucky look at Tony with eyes blown wide.
“Hey, I ain’t judging. We’re all going to hell anyway.” Bucky’s smile is teasing, but there’s a sincerity in his tone that throws Tony off.
Hephaestus does remember seeing how close to Zeus he was. Ares said Hermes was his righthand. His confidant.
“Sorry about the sudden attention, fellas. I guess I’m just too good looking for one pub to handle.” Hades saunters up to their table with a wink, Agent Peggy Carter to his right, rolling her eyes.
So he finds himself wandering over to the front of the building. A heavy wooden door lined with intricate detailing acts as the entrance. It’s chipped in some places, but the care that was initially carved is clear. Tony hates to think about the circumstances that caused the owners to abandon their building. It actually might have been a church at some point, but with the furniture gone he can’t really tell.
, “but, if we could find a way to force more air into the system by increasing that pressure and adding a proportionate amount of fuel– ”
It made him wonder if any of it was worth it, but then he remembered that he had nowhere else to go.
“Of course.” Tony responds, volume equally soft. He smiles, and he knows it probably looks stupidly wide, but the only person here is Steve. “Together, right?”
He guesses the lab is for weapons and that’s what Steve will get to see tomorrow morning, but Hephaestus can’t help the burning desire he has to create something of his own. He’s forged weapons for the greatest heroes mankind has ever known. He’s created for people of
When they finally make it to the barracks, Hades gestures to another small building at the end of a less beaten down path. Like in Camp Lehigh, Hephaestus guesses he’ll be staying in a work shed. He appreciates the gift of privacy, but he also wonders how quickly he’ll garner a reputation as the “camp recluse.”
and no one else was around to tell him that he didn’t have to fucking kill himself to save everyone. He shouldn’t have had to do that. Steve was supposed to live and be fucking
Steve nods in gratitude, “Just get me as close as you can.” He then ducks his head to address Hephaestus at a lower volume. “You know, you’re going to be in a lot of trouble when you land.”
When he finally reaches his destination, the pulse of his reactor in his throat, Hephaestus knocks on the heavy metal door that is designated as Howard’s lab. There’s a muffled shout to come in and he cracks open the door to find the large space surprisingly empty. He can tell how filled the room usually is by the organized chaos only engineers and scientists capable of that's leftover on what looks like dozens of workstations.
Hephaestus forced himself to laugh, but it felt weak. “Of course! A mighty hammer for what will be a mighty king.”
“The hell I can’t!” he says. Steve braces his hands in the doorway and with a playful grin he raises one hand in a casual salute. “I’m a Captain!”
The walk up is too short and yet longer than Tony can stand, his body both tense and fidgeting with nervous energy.
Hundreds of years after his encounter with Thor and Odin, and Hephaestus hadn’t changed his routine much. But he had developed and improved his inventions drastically.
the uncertainty. It’s funny how quickly things changed from him being one of the most knowledgeable beings in the Universe to one of the most clueless.
The recruits are all lined up. It’s easy to spot Steve in his oversized PT uniform, chin still held stubbornly high.
That’s when Pepper walks into the room, her perfectly tailored dress cutting a stunning figure. She’s typing something on her phone, likely an email, and so only looks up to nod at them in greeting.
He serves the people now. The collective instead of the few who are privileged enough to abuse their power against the innocent.
Tony sighs, aware there’s no point in lying anymore. “Palladium. It keeps my ticker going, but long term exposure has its side effects.”
Sure, the strength and unquestionable leadership are the same, but there’s a distinctly human empathy in Agent Carter that Athena would have found deplorable.
“Also, please don’t call me 'sir.' Secretly makes me feel old. Which is awful. Hep-I mean, Tony is fine.”
Steve looks like Hephaestus when he drank coffee for the first time before schooling his features. “I think I understand pretty well.”
He’d almost forgotten he asked for anything left under the name Antonius Collins. With no other familial connections, apparently everything was given to Howard Stark.
His breath catches in his throat. He wants to argue. He wants to rally with every point that proves himself as otherwise. Steve doesn’t know about the destruction he caused. Steve doesn’t know that he’s not even human.
He thinks it was a shed at some point, but there’s a small twin bed pushed to the corner and a table in the middle of the room with a few stray chairs.
According to Zeus, he isn’t even worthy of being in his own home. Sure there’s a slim chance that the other Olympians may grudgingly respect Hephaestus if he pulls this off, but that isn’t likely. The only one that would be proud is Ares.
“It’ll save so many lives,” Hephaestus speaks with confidence. He nods, and the doctor looks at him. Slowly, but surely, a grin takes over Erskine's face.
Hephaestus turns his head to see Phillips and Erskine walking toward the practice field. He’s already there standing next to Agent Carter, watching the recruits do yet another set of 20 push-ups.
“Turns out these things cause lung cancer. Who would’ve thought?” He takes one out and holds it between his lips, the packet stuffed back into his jacket pocket.
“Oh, Tones.” In a few short steps he’s sweeping his arms around the short engineer. Tony’s body trembles for a moment before melting into the embrace, coffee forgotten. “It’s gonna be okay.”
The tone is smooth and casual, yet Hephaestus almost flinches before catching himself at the last second. The bastard grins, far too smug, and then Howard turns an innocent, questioning look toward Steve.
Tony would normally be infuriated by the gall of that, but he’s too busy staring at the projections thrown up before him.
Hephaestus shrugs, unsure of how to respond to the praise from this god, so powerful and full of things he’ll never understand. This god who is his real father.
All he’s been able to think about is protecting Steve. He keeps catching himself forgetting about the mission and Hermes. He might have to steal Zeus’s fucking lightning bolt for fucks sake. Hephaestus doesn’t belong here. Because really, what is he if not a god of Olympus? The only thing that he can offer that deserves respect is weapons.
Tyche must really be with them because not a second later they hear a distinctly American accent yelling. Without hesitation, Hephaestus and Steve break into a run to follow the sound.
They stop near an open truck full of crates to watch the field from a distance. The General gestures to Steve. “Honesty! He’s making me cry.”
As soon as the woman leaves, Hephaestus turns to speak. “If I’m supposed to be your assistant, why do I need to join the military?”
“It’s funny how it all works. The contradictions make my head hurt sometimes,” Hades laughs and looks at Hephaestus with crooked grin, eyes suspiciously glassy. “What I’m trying to say, is that you’re so much more than Olympus’s best weapon manufacturer. You live for, you
What makes it worse is that Rhodey doesn’t know that Tony’s tears were more filled with overwhelming grief and pain over everything that’s happened than a single betrayal and his guilt over it. Rhodey doesn’t know he’s not just Tony anymore. Half-man, half-god struggling to make amends with mistakes that span centuries. A lifetime. (Steve is
Tony jumps a little, hands almost burning. He calms down quickly, simultaneously upset at himself for the overreaction and embarrassed. He knows they’re all as on edge as he is, but that doesn’t excuse Tony for being careless.
“I have a hunch,” Tony says and then looks at Pepper. She really is the only one who can go there without drawing suspicion and he
“Well, he's got to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier.” Banner trails off, lost in thought.
“No.” Steve admits. The man looks at his hands. It feels like the transformation was so many lifetimes ago. “I thought I knew what I wanted. The dream when we finally got to go home…”
“The train we’re supposed to intercept is moving faster than predicted. They want us up there by tomorrow to catch it at 15:00.”
Steve and Hephaestus watch with bated breath as Bucky leaps, forced into abandoning the gantry completely as it falls away and toward the harsh flames below.
He sighs, “Erskine said that the super-soldier will get an absurd amount strength, but no sudden military knowledge, so look out for that.”
Pepper shrugs with a smirk playing on her lips and sets down the paperwork she brought. “Maybe some espresso will help earn your forgiveness.”
“Yeah.” It takes all of his self-control not fidget or move his gaze away from the car’s window, but he succeeds. Barely. “Just ready to be home, Haps.”
“We’re looking for someone that can pass this week. Which is, just so you know, not just physical training. Nature survival skills are gonna be tested by having them cook their own food and hunt for it every other meal. Close hand-to-hand combat will be drilled without a weapon, with a knife, and with an automatic weapon.”
“I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that
“Mr. Stark, you’ve become part of bigger universe. You just don’t know it yet,” the far too dramatic man continues.
It’s only when Bucky catches Steve’s eyes that something flickers back to life in his otherwise emotionless eyes.
“I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube,” Fury says. Tony rolls his eyes.  “And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.”
His testing however, did not include a concentrated one-billion-volt shock of electricity. Tony is not a living lightning rod.
Stane drops it with a shout and Tony presses his advantage by summoning the weapon into his own hand.
Tony feels himself missing her. He sees his young heart grasp onto the memory of her picking him back up when he was shoved onto the unforgiving ground year after year.
Over his shoulder Hades says, “Time is much shorter here, so remember to check it regularly. We’ll be leaving at 6 o’clock sharp. So don’t be late.”
They didn’t discuss it beforehand, but he’ll let himself be the new chew toy of Hades’s three-headed guard dog, Kerberos, before letting Steve do this alone. He didn’t need to grab much before the mission, so in the down time Hephaestus tinkered with a few things that could help them with the captured infantry.
Tony hopes that this won’t end up putting a target on his back again. Either way he has to follow through, but a god can dream right?
“I, Thor Odinson, god of thunder and Prince of Asgard,” Thor begins solemnly, “swear on the River Styx to not reveal Tony Stark’s true identity.”
Hephaestus smiles. It’s a soft thing that Ares would probably berate him for in an instant. There’s no time for feelings. Mortal be damned though, he can’t help it.
The thoughtful silence ends when the chorus, one by one, suddenly comes to a halt. Hephaestus narrows his eyes as he scans the room, confused by the cause.
When they did finally arrive at camp, Hephaestus let himself cheer for Steve one last time. (“Let’s hear it for Captain America!”)
Then he’s ten and he hears himself begging to stay home and not go back to boarding school. The boys there are mean and think he’s a freak
It seemed like the entire room except for Hephaestus loved the tension in the room. For them it was an arena.
Tony sighs. “Please, Pikachu, spare me the titles. I think we passed that point when you decided to aim Mjölnir at my head.”
Tony falls to his knees once again. Any strength he managed to find has vanished. All he can do is watch as this man, this man he’s come to care so much about, suffers.
It was only a rumor before when he went to Gulmira, but the concrete-shattering thud he makes when he lands is very real. In the back of his mind he registers the gaping and whispers of the crowd.
Now, his goal is solely to follow Steve and keep him safe the best he can. It still catches him off guard sometimes when he thinks about how approving Hades is of his new mission.
What he had named technology was increasingly powerful in comparison to the older swords and shields.
He’s oddly groggy for a moment before shame floods through his system, shoulders involuntarily hunching forward.
Phillips finally puts his pen down, but only to point at Carter who is only a few feet behind Hephaestus. “You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy.”
Hephaestus can acknowledge the gravity of what Hades is offering, despite the nonchalant tone. The god of the dead is not exactly known for his acts of kindness, but willingly dragging around a deformed, minor god is something anyone would decline.
Steve gives him a look that a mother would probably give to their misbehaving child, but Hephaestus can see his lips twitching, trying not to break out in a smile.
The accusation hangs in the air for a few seconds. Tony understands. He really does, but that doesn’t mean he wishes more than anything that they’d understand.
Hades gets up as well and walks behind Hephaestus to observe his work. “Every pulse of exhaust gas would shove a little more air into the intake, and thus the intake air pressure would be increased. The exhaust pulses would have to be synchronized though with the engines combustion cycle, but if I just modify the distance from the exhaust header to the drum itself…” Hephaestus jots down the approximation and puts down the pencil once satisfied with the schematic.
He was also told the recruits had bunked in the barracks, and he would have to use a separate, smaller building.
Because the thing is, Hephaestus has no doubt in his mind that Steve is the recruit to be chosen. He may not have wanted to admit it earlier, didn’t even allow himself to think about Steve being subjected to such experimental methods, but as soon as Phillips mentioned Steve… denial was impossible.
Hephaestus braces himself for Hades to attack. He’s heard the stories of what happens to those who dare to disrespect the god of the dead. The room is still with painful, literally cold tension for several moments.
xisting as a manifestation of the first invention and flame in the universe. We may have free will and believe our actions to be chaotic, but the time of your birth was no accident. Who you are and everything you do is no accident.”
Before though, a desperation to get home was much more practical and on the forefront of his mind. His priority. He raided the Hydra base with Steve because staying on Hades’s good side was the only way he knew how to achieve that.
Once he catches up, Hades makes eye contact, “I’m setting some rules for you to follow as long as you’re here and I’m helping you.”
Hopefully, he won’t have to figure out how to fake it to ward off suspicion. Hephaestus will be back home soon enough. He can prove that he is worth more than this stupid artificial heart and bad blood relations.
Most would claim that alcohol contradicts those points, but Tony is a god with a high tolerance. All it does is make him blissfully numb to the shouting and schmoozing and cameras.
He fought to protect Bucky, but Steve sometimes mused the justice in ultimately dying in the way that haunted his nightmares. Cold and alone.
“I know.” Hephaestus did not put the hammer down, but caught Ares’s eyes. Where the young god was sitting, the god of war was standing and looming slightly over him.
Tony mourns for the life Steve deserved, but never received. He mourns for the man who has to live with a present whose greatest memories of World War II are from history books.
Once he’s alone, Hephaestus claps his hands together. The sound seems to jerk the men out of the stunned, incredulous silence they were in while watching Steve. “You heard the star spangled man. Let’s do this.”
He doesn’t think he’s been doing this grieving thing right, but Tony doesn’t have the faintest idea of how to fix it.
Bucky stumbles as the succession of explosions begin to build up in speed. The gantry creeks ominously. The steel begins to slip downward, catching and falling until Bucky is forced into a run.
Besides his powerful urge to fix the thing, Hephaestus can’t help but be confused by Hades's actions.
Then again, watching Pepper’s disapproval crack in under ten seconds to give into full blown laughter after the hearing is worth anything.
Tony makes a face. “Yeah. If you think I was bad in the 90’s I can only imagine what you’d think about the god of festivity and pleasure.”
If he has to blink a few times to keep his eyes from getting too bright well that’s no one else’s business.
The ceilings are low thankfully, and both men easily find their footing in what appears to be an empty hallway.
He blinks, shakes his head. Tony tries to concentrate on the task at hand, but the urging aura of the scepter, the tempting yellow glow, doesn’t budge. He barely manages to shove it into the periphery of his thoughts.
The man he’s referring to wears a worn wool jacket, a light brown tie, and thin circular glasses. Hephaestus thinks the man has a kind smile, even being as small as it is.
with every word that comes out of Steve’s mouth. At first he thought it was just him longing for a relationship like Steve and his mom.
“High enough that I’ll be needing a team.” Steve says, quirking one eyebrow. He doesn’t make eye contact with Hephaestus, but Steve stands close enough that Hephaestus wants to lean in closer. He doesn’t.
For a man that he already met once but was too drunk to remember, Doctor Ho Yinsen is unbelievably kind. He doesn’t tell their captors about the way Tony’s lacerations and bruises heal far quicker than they should. Or about the way his glamour flickers when he first attempts to treat the wounds on his chest.
Tony keeps a close eye on the back of the long black trench coat until it fully disappears from view. He’s a completely still figure until alerted the black SUV has driven away.
Feeling more than antsy and pushing his thoughts aside, Hephaestus decides that what he really needs is a good distraction.
Steve looks like he wants to argue, but before he gets the chance to speak Hades is tossing a bigger device to Hephaestus. The tracker.
The other beings in Yggdrasil don’t go to Earth, to Midgard, because they believe it to be too underdeveloped to associate with. That’s criminally untrue, but it’s the way things are.
To make sure Hephaestus isn’t ditched in a well-intentioned but idiotic attempt at keeping him safe, he grabs a parachute as well.
These men, who have just been through one of the many hells war has to offer, are voluntarily going back out to fight. Hephaestus doesn’t know whether to admire it or reprimand them for it.
The room still spins, but the dizziness and queasiness in his stomach are caused partly by a deep concern. He’s never seen Steve look so terrified.
Everyone that they hadn’t seen they assumed to be dead. He heard them say that Tony was likely dead. Steve however, didn’t let himself even think about the man who gave him home. The man he betrayed so deeply. That is, until Tony once again did the impossible.
She transforms into a woman who only resembles his mother. A woman with blank, dull eyes that fall into wine glasses and a pill bottle.
It’s almost as painful as the stories Howard tells him about a man who rose to greatness. A man far greater than Tony will ever be.
“It’s so stupid, because I know this isn’t how being dead works. You can’t hear me. So I don’t know why it was just so
“When you invited a ninety-pound asthmatic onto my Army base, I let it slide because I assumed he’d be useful to you. Like a gerbil.” The anger Hephaestus feels at
This chapter has haunted my drafts for fucking months oh my god. To all of the readers and wonderful commenters who've patiently stuck around this long, this is for you. I genuinely hope you enjoy.
“Ah,”  She said, “Probably suppressants, my George always says they make everyone smell like their perfume.”  She smiled encouragingly “That’s just,”  She took a little ring of keys off her belt loop and began unlocking a few jewelry cases, “sweet, that’s very sweet of you, not prying, I’m sure your ambiguous friend will appreciate the gift, no matter what.”
He knows it's not possible that he heard Bucky's heartbeat over the charging of the train when he fell. Fast too fast, battering like a terrified bird in cage. He knows it's not possible, and yet.
“Great, that's really great, hope you like the place I found.” Steve says, beaming at him as he rattles off the address for Happy.
“I have to go Tony, I'm sorry.” He says, with regret tinging the words.  Tony nods, head still leaned back on the couch. He looks dazed.
He wandered aimlessly until it was after dark.  When he made it back to the mansion, Jarvis seemingly materialized from the aether to offer him dinner.  Steve wondered if there was some kind of sensor system on the front door.  The whole mansion was probably wired, come to think of it.  It was well known the Avengers all stayed in the mansion at least on a temporary basis.  Steve decided he would check out the control room, wherever it was, after he finished the delicious spread of food Jarvis laid out for him in the dining room.
“You’re crackers, kid, but fine, if that’s what you wanna do.”  Big head said.  Steve wondered how the guy could even turn his head with a neck that thick.
He really, really wants to get back on the couch, but his brain just won't shut up-running through countless scenarios as well as reminding him of his massive to-do list. Steve seems to sense his inner turmoil, slipping his hands up to press his thumbs right over Tony's hipbones. It's enough to derail his train of thought completely, and he stares down at Steve as if he's seeing him for the first time again. So apparently Steve really isn't shy. That's probably a good thing, because once he gets the go ahead, Tony is going to scale that wall of muscle if it's the last thing he does.
an Avenger?” Beside him Jan slumps. The expression on her face is so glum Steve wants to apologize for whatever he has said to put it there.
“I love it, loved all of it, but right now, I want this.” Tony pauses, reaching back between their bodies, wiggling his hips down to get more space between them so he can wrap his hand around Steve's cock and give it a long, slow pull. He can't see it, head down on the pillow as it is, but he feels the hot, silky skin pulse against his hand, hears the way Steve groans as he tilts his hips up, and pushes back to try and work Steve into himself.
“God.” He pants out. “Goddamn.” He takes a moment to groan at the sight of Tony's smile, and then he's kissing down his chest, dragging his teeth over toned musculature-pausing to kiss around the arc, before moving further down to lick his own mess off Tony's skin. It makes his ears burn hotly, but it hardly matters with Tony whining and urging him on with filthy praise. In fact it doesn't matter at all when Tony spreads his thighs wide and lets Steve settle his shoulders beneath Tony's knees so he can get Tony's dick in his mouth to lick and suck him into a gasping climax; the clutch of his body around the fingers he works into Tony is almost as tight as the grip on his hair.
“Can we shower first, I uh-” The flush working over his face is hot and obvious but they're both in the same straits, so it could be far more embarrassing. Tony nods vigorously in understanding, hissing quietly when Steve lets go of his legs and helps him off the table.
Steve isn't one to nap.  Being a supersoldier makes that particular necessity all but obsolete.  Here though, with Tony warm and dozing against him, atop him; he finds that it's easy to close his eyes, to let himself relax.  Tony's breaths count out like a metronome, and the soft reassuring gust of his breaths reminds Steve that they're both here, that they made it through another battle, another week.
“I'd never leave you, not for that, never for that. C'mere.” He says, and Tony slips closer; ghostly in the bright light of the arc when he takes off his shirt and crawls into their bed cautiously. Steve sweeps him close, holds him against his chest, rubs his smooth cheek against Tony's stubbled one.
The enjoyment of the successful transformation was short lived however.  Dr. Erskine had been killed by an inside spy.  Steve had chased the spy down, seen him die, but that had not made holding Dr. Erskine’s body any easier.  One of the first people who believed in him, and he failed.
“After that we're going to drag Doctor Banner and his brain down into my lab to talk about coming up with a pain medication that could affect you, mister muscle.” Tony drags him into the elevator when it arrives, squeezing both hands around his biceps as if to illustrate his point.
“What you said back there. About me. About-” Tony stutters slightly, eyes darting around. Steve just takes his hand, giving it an encouraging squeeze. “loving me. I know those stories make you uncomfortable, and I don't blame you. I wouldn't want to be linked to me either-gossip rags have always made stuff up about me, I'm sorry they're telling lies about you too now. Price for being around me I guess.” Tony looks so down on himself that Steve just lets it slip out without thinking twice.
That seems to have stunned Tony into momentary speechlessness. He throws his arms around Steve's neck, kissing him even as they stumble from the building into their waiting limo. Steve ends up half carrying, half dragging him into the vehicle as Tony does his concerted best to scale him like a tree. He lands on his back on the plush leather with a soft 'oof', finally parting from Steve to stare up at him with wide dilated eyes.
Steve is loading up the saddlebags with supplies when Tony comes striding in, talking a mile a minute to what sounds like Pepper on his earpiece. The others have already left, how they fit Hulk into Natasha's flying car he will never know, but he appreciates that it means Tony had called dibs on riding with Steve.
“Okay, want some food? I'll leave it outside the door if you don't want me coming in.” Steve is so sincere, so kind. Tony needs to think though, needs to work. There are a million ideas pinging around in his brain. He remembers that blind panic when the first lines of palladium poisoning appeared around the reactor. Not because he was dying, not really, or not entirely. He still had too much to do, too much to make up for
-well, it makes a strange sort of longing well up in his chest. Strange because it seems as if he's gotten everything he's ever wanted, but Tony has never been one to accept things as they are at face value. He keeps expecting for Steve to be like the others, for him to want something, or to not be as good a man as he has always had the reputation for being; but Steve keeps proving him wrong with every action, with every demonstration of how much he means it when he says
“You think about how to do that and I'll go try and shake some sense into my favorite idiot.” Then Steve is alone with his thoughts and a room full of beanbag chairs.
of him. Tony is really glad Steve isn't a mind reader for many reasons, because his brain is doing the equivalent of happy backflips, and it's embarrassing. He kind of wishes he had the faceplate to hide behind right now because keeping control of his expression is a lot harder than it should be with Steve right there being every one of Tony's dreams come true.
“No candy from strangers either” Steve says. Even with his eyes closed Tony knows the guy has to have a shit eating grin on his face.
He sighs, wrapping his arms around Tony and listening to the water cascading into the tub, content to let himself float in this warm golden place until Tony urges him to move next.
“That was George Washington.” Steve sighs with fond exasperation, sitting down on Tony's thighs and running his hands over all the warm olive skin laid out before him. Tony shivers, but continues speaking undeterred.
“Going to shower and head to the lab, or you want to come eat?” Steve asks. It's obvious which answer he prefers-he still doesn't seem to think Tony's shakes are food.
New Yorkers hadn’t changed, he realized as he ran through the streets.  There were little bodegas with apartment buildings above them, people playing cards and smoking on building stoops, and when Steve crossed the street at least three cabbies honked at him, the guy walking next to him was engaged in a shouting match with one of the cabbies.  “Ey, ey, I’m walking here, buddy!”  He yelled, there were rude gestures all around.  Steve smiled, at least that was familiar.
That familiarity sends him seeking the source out into the hallway; unwrapping his hands and tossing the tape in a wastebasket as he goes. It's a piano score, and it aches behind Steve's heart with how well he knows it. Steve remembers with such blinding clarity. The sweetness of powdered sugar on his tongue, cherries, funnel cake, his ma's hand in his leading him through a crowded fairground-and a man on a raised stage playing a piano like a virtuoso. He feels like he's walking through a dream, past and present blending together until it's all muddied up in his head, tied together by a strand of music that makes his heart pound in his chest.
“Going to come, h-honey, you there?” Tony speaks against his lips, breathes the words into his mouth, they're so close together, as close as they can possibly be, Tony's chest sweating against his, his knees pressed up against Steve's ribs, nails digging perfect half moon crescents into his ass. He wonders if there will be scratches there he can look at later, signs that he pleased Tony, that he made this feel good enough that Tony clutched at him that tightly.
Steve has enough presence of mind to realize he's failing at his promise. It feels lifetimes ago now, a moment he goes back to time and time again in the dark hours between laying down and actually falling asleep.
There is no time here, nothing to mark the steady march of the years, but he is vaguely aware that time it is passing. He knows it is dark where he is, dark and cold, that he rocks to and fro as if held in the arms of his mother.
“There has been a break in at your Seattle facility sir, you have instructed me to inform you first, as the facility contains classified projects. Would you like me to raise the alarm with the Avengers?” Jarvis asks crisply. Tony shakes his head, tiredness draining away into battle readiness as he presses his fingers to the bracelet around his wrist, calling the armor to him from its hiding spot beneath the floor of the lab. As it closes around him, he takes a deep breath, willing the pounding of his heart to stabilize.
“No, you don't understand. All this time I thought you were just humoring me, I thought you couldn't ever possibly want me. Not the way I want you anyway, I ran the probabilities, and every time I came up with a negative.” Sometimes Tony can really overthink things, and it's still shocking how low of opinion the guy has of himself despite his public image.  Steve sighs, dropping a kiss on Tony's lips, and regarding him steadily.
"Cap, Mister Stark is all too happy to make you all fun gizmos.  You don't have to-"  He starts, but Steve is clearly in speech mode, and picking up steam too.  He wonders if he can rig the armor to shock him in the event he might be dreaming.
“Tony. Would you be a little more patient?” Steve sighs, rising up to stand and finally pulling his own pants and shoes off. He contemplates leaving his shirt on for expediency's sake, but tosses it off as well.
Steve can only manage a sort of garbled groan at the thought of that. Tony has to know the image that evokes. He's always so put together, so gorgeous and polished. The sight of him all mussed up and covered in Steve, the way it looks on him.
Everything is soft, from Steve's lips mouthing kisses all over his skin, to the warm cotton sheets beneath him. He's half hard, but that's inevitable with Steve touching him like this, there's no real urgency to come, just a slow languid push upwards towards full arousal. He settles in, letting Steve arrange his body, letting Steve bend and flex, and stretch out sore muscles better than any professional he's ever gone to. Distantly he wonders if Steve watched videos about this-the man
The rest of the article went on to detail a messy breakup, a broken bond before it had even been initiated, and more intrusive questions that Tony batted away with the seeming ease of long experience. Links on the sidebar led to other articles about Tony, pictures of him young and at parties with people draped all over him. In those he looked considerably happier at least, especially the one with him up on a speaker singing into a microphone while wearing some tiny sparkly shorts. In another he looked even worse, still younger than in his Rolling Stone piece, with a beautiful woman named Sunset Bain all but coiled around him, her fingers digging into his neck to point Tony’s face towards the camera’s flash. The whole tableau set Steve’s teeth on edge, and he clicked away from it before he did something reckless like calling Tony up and asking him about it all. That article led to more recent ones, articles about his work with the Avengers, his scientific contributions, of which there were many, and finally one that made his heart seize in his chest. Tony had been kidnapped, and returned covered in a crude version of the Iron Man armor with a feverish sort of purpose. He saved himself and then turned his attention to saving others, to creating things to keep others safe. He lost his flesh and blood heart and had become the first recipient of a fully contained artificial heart. Oh. Steve thought, staring down at the tablet. The scar, that’s what it was from. He suddenly felt he was seeing something he wasn’t supposed to see. He was prying, being incredibly disrespectful and nosy. Tony hadn’t wanted him to know, he’d clammed up when Steve noticed the scar. But, Steve worried too, he hoped Tony was alright, that his heart was alright.
” One of the trio says, but he can't tell who over the pounding of his pulse in his ears. Probably Cayenne, something about her screams competence, but what is her
boy, he needs his energy.”  The way he said it left no doubt that it was an innuendo.  Steve almost felt bad for the way Roy looked up at him and swallowed, but he Still clasped the guys arm nice and solidly.  Tony had said no to this guy on many occasions, he’d used his status as shareholder to try and con Tony into a date even.  Steve really didn’t feel that sorry for him at all on second thought.  The guy was lucky Tony wasn’t the type to knock someone’s block off for being a pushy horse’s ass.
Upon exiting the elevator, they bundle him into a car with the most darkly tinted windows he's ever seen. All of them take turns hugging him. It's really nice, Tony feels like even with all his memories intact this would be something he enjoyed-although judging by their expressions they're surprised he's allowing it despite how open he's been to cuddling this entire time.
Tony blinks, chewing on his bottom lip thoughtfully.  “Play with my prostate enough and I can get hard again...maybe. Not just yet though.” Tony smiles somewhat faintly, patting his jaw comfortingly, but that soon gives way to a familiar look of curiosity.  “How many times can you come?”
“I don't think you are Steve.” The words should hurt, but Tony says them so gently, with so much concern that Steve's throat clicks on a swallow.
“Yes, perhaps, after this war is over, you can live another life.  Perhaps we both will.”  Dr. Erskine leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees.  There was something in his expression, hope, regret, fear.  Steve wondered if Dr. Erskine himself believed either one of them would survive the war, or that Steve would even survive the coming day.
.” Tony nearly chants, squirming against the hold on his hip, pulling his knee further up on the desk. Steve groans, backing off and snagging the lube bottle off the table to wet his fingers with more of the viscous liquid. Tony makes a loud sound of obvious frustration, turning his head to glare back at Steve. The effect is slightly ruined by the wide dilation of his pupils and the dark flush on his cheeks. “Why did you stop?” He sounds so affronted that Steve almost feels bad, but not bad enough to do something he'll regret later.
“I don't know that dating Captain America is a good idea. That's...that's a lot of pressure. It's going to be all over the papers, what a shitshow. It's a bad
Steve wasn’t exactly clear on what it all meant, being an alpha, or a beta, or even, if you had boocoos of luck and turned out an omega.  He did know however, that whatever he turned out to be, he’d have a lot of growing to do for anyone to give him a fair shot.  Steve blinked back tears, firmed his jaw.  The laughter had died down, but scattered whispers still went around the room, glances drifted in his direction.  Steve swallowed, and looked up in time to see it as Russel’s expression twisted into something like regret, but he went back to examining his new gloves, and he wouldn’t meet Steve’s eyes.
“Well now, you beat me to it.”  Tony laughs, sprawling out further on his back in a way that can only be described as decadent.  The robe sleeves are bunched around his elbows, the red silk creased beneath him where he lays on it, and when Tony reaches down, hooking a hand beneath his knee and pulling it up almost to his chest, Steve groans low in his throat.  “Do you like that, hmm? I know how you like me messy. Look, honey, I'm all full of you,” And it's true, positioned like this, Steve can see everything-Tony's hole looks soft and open, wet with Steve's come, and it's so hot Steve can't help but whine to see it.  Tony is so red, but he still reaches down with his other hand, spreads himself wider for Steve to get a good look.
“You're close, so close, I can feel you,” He says wonderingly, moving as if to catch his soulmate as he sways forward, only to stop himself as footsteps thunder across the deck.
“A warehouse?” Steve prompted. Tony’s eyes went even more round, and then he shook his head, coming fully into the room.
“Morning Steve.”  Natasha said, breezing past him straight towards the basket of fresh muffins sitting on the counter.  They were courtesy of Jarvis, Steve felt a little guilty for already having eaten two of them.
“You like it?” Tony asks, bending to tie the laces on his oxfords, smiling to himself when he gets a flustered nod from Steve in response.
“Tony, your feelings aren’t stupid, I did something that made you uncomfortable, that’s not your fault.”  He wondered who’d made Tony feel that way in the past, if someone had convinced him he needed to put up some kind of front.  He supposed that might be the pot calling the kettle black though.
Steve cut him off before he could mount into a full panic, “No, no, Tony, it’s not too much, it’s good,” he gasped out, turning on the bed to grab Tony's shoulders. He wanted to pull him close, kiss him, show him how much it meant to him, but Tony didn’t feel that way about him, and that was okay too. Tony clearly cared about him, and he cared for Tony too, He had given him so much. A home, a team, his incredible friendship, and now a part of his past he never thought he would get back. There was no way he could look at all that and think it was not enough. It had to be enough. He pulled him close, and Tony sighed, his arms wrapping around Steve tightly as he pillowed his cheek on Steve’s shoulder. “It’s good, it’s,” he dared to raise his hand, cup it over the back of Tony’s neck, where the collar of his shirt met the soft curling edges of his hair, “thank you, thank you Tony.” Against him, Tony gave a full body shiver, and Steve heard his breathing go ragged.
“Get a room!” Clint cat-calls, tossing a piece of popcorn at Steve. He catches it, and Tony laughs delightedly, sitting up to curl against Steve, throwing an arm over his shoulder and wrinkling his nose in Clint's direction.
“Perfect,” Tony purrs, his thumb swiping a circle around the already leaking head “still good though, darling? Color please.” Tony murmurs, reaching up with one hand to stroke some of Steve's sweaty hair back from his forehead. It's an achingly tender gesture, and the affection in it, the clear love in Tony's eyes makes Steve's eyes prickle.
He thought of fucking Tony too, he couldn’t help it, even if it wasn’t possible.  He stroked himself faster, thrust into his own hand, he didn’t even need lube, he was leaking all over himself, making a mess of his hands and the sweats.  Tony would be so tight, the way the few alphas who’d gotten ambitious had been.  He imagined pushing Tony’s legs up, hooking his elbows under Tony’s knees, holding him open, fucking him slow and steady.  He would be careful, keep a hand on himself to keep from getting too deep.  He had the self control, if somehow his knot formed he’d keep that hand steady, wouldn’t even let Tony feel the suggestion of it.  Tony would be so good, so sweet and warm, he’d tell Steve it felt good, that his overlarge cock felt good, and God if he wasn’t an alpha, if he
“And who's fault is that, hmm? It couldn't be innocent, Captain America's doing, now could it?” Tony says, laughing when Steve ducks his head and squeezes him against his side.
“If you hadn't a been there-if I had been faster you wouldn't have gotten hurt.” It seems there's always another between him and a killing blow-or the side of a cliff. For a moment when Iron Man went down Steve had thought the worst. That possibility is still there, just barely simmering in the back of his mind. Steve knows without a doubt there will be nightmares tonight.
“That's a good picture of him. Cute.” Tony's eyes narrow, JARVIS helpfully focusing on Steve's phone to enlarge and rotate the picture on Steve's background. Once he gets a good look it's all he can do to contain himself. It's a picture of him sleeping on Steve's chest. He's definitely right on the verge of drooling. Steve just smiles wider, sweeping his thumb over the image on his screen.
Tony snorts in response, cracking his eyes open to fix Steve with a mock glare.  “What kind of boy do you think I am-wait don't answer that.”
“Busy, one of the plant supervisors wanted a bonus more than he had any sense, but it’s all squared away now.  How have you been, Waspie?  High pockets better be taking you out dancing.”  He said, laughing as she took his ungloved right hand and spun herself into a twirl.  There was lipstick on his cheek.  He didn’t seem to have noticed.
“Everything is great, actually, I came by to tell, well-to ask you-to pack a bag, if you want.”  He shifted on the bed, tapped his fingers together.  It made his rings jingle.  Tony was, Steve blinked, Tony was
Steve sat up, putting his face in his hands. The first omega to ever touch him, and Steve passed out on him. He couldn’t imagine what it was like for Tony either, touching him. There was a degree of emotional transference, energy transference when an omega touched another person skin to skin. He hoped Tony was feeling alright, that he wasn’t holed up in his lab feeling horrible.
It was a day after he received his Avengers communicator that it first went off.  Tony was still not back from his trip out of state, but he had still found time to build the slim device and envoy it to him.  It came with one of his little sticky notes, and another Iron Man stick figure.  Steve had stuck it on the cork board behind his desk with the first.
In which there are holiday shenanigans, and a wee bit of that good ol' Tony Stark Angst.  Also, so. much. snuggling.  You have been warned, this is a fluff-in.
“We were informed by the fair Wasp that the story is one of fancy, but it sounds a tale of true wonder.” Sometimes Tony wonders if Thor is really...happening. The guy is just unreal-in a good way.  “Ah, Anthony, we are most pleased to see you, the mansion has been quite dull without your presence.” Thor lumbers his way over to drop some of Tony's favorite candy in his lap with a huge toothy grin. Tony loves Thor, Thor is great.
“Oh. My. God.”  Tony groans, turning away to make his way over to the bathroom quickly.  Steve chuckles a little bit when Tony slams the door behind himself with the force of his urgency.
Something purple caught Steve’s eye, just out of the range of the adhesive coating the bridge was a man Steve had hoped dead.  Baron Zemo in the flesh, there was no mistaking his ugly lack of mug.  What a cruel twist of fate that everyone he’d ever loved was gone, but here was a piece of Nazi loving human refuse, and he’d survived.  Steve felt that old anger grip him, almost as vivid and intense as it was when his team had been threatened during rut.  He forgot his own suggestion to pick a villain he had yet to clash with, he forgot his own sadness for a moment, shelved it away and took off towards Zemo, using the trapped cars in the road as springboards to get him closer to his target.
my sweetheart now so, whatever it is I trust your judgement.”  He says, peering over at the bowls curiously. That seems to give Tony pause.  Two bright spots of color splash across his cheeks, his hands tremble slightly, and he closes his eyes for a moment, inhaling a deep breath before blowing it out.
“Want you to kiss me after.” Steve sounds fond and amused as he settles the dental dam in place. Tony doesn't really have a moment to contemplate that before Steve is there again-licking and pressing his tongue into the relaxed clench of his hole through the barrier of latex. It's the most indecent kiss Tony has ever had in his life. Even through the dam it feels wet, hot, Steve's tongue licking around his rim and then pushing in, and Tony is gasping, writhing, being held fast by Steve's hands on his ass. Steve's hands holding him open, Steve's mouth sending chills up his spine and making his cock leak precome against the pillow so copiously Tony just knows that pillowcase is a lost cause.
“No it's not, how am I supposed to protect you if we can't even find the bastard that's after you?” He says, not bothering to hide the tremor in his voice.
Steve's even more red now. Tony finds himself agreeing with Tweety. Carol however just grabs Clint again, and then the two of them are grappling on the floor to the sound of Thor cheering and taking bets.
He's so focused on getting Tony to his room that he almost misses the soft sleep slurred words Tony mumbles into his chest. “Wow muscley.” Steve goes a little pink in the face as he feels a clumsy hand pat at his chest tiredly.
“You'll feel bad if you seriously injure him.” Sam reasons, ever the voice of logic, even when he's doing loop-de-loops in the sky and antagonizing Barton. Okay, so maybe Sam is just as much of a danger junkie as the rest of them, but that's not the point.
Tony blinks, staring down at the plate for a moment as if it's the most mysterious thing he's ever seen, before taking it and the utensils Steve passes over slowly. His eyes snap from Steve's hands to his own, but then he sighs, licking his lips and digging in with gusto. He doesn't sit, choosing instead to just lean up against the counter. So close to Steve, it would be so easy to reel him in, set the plate aside and kiss him good morning the way he wants to. The way he would if he thought maybe it might be welcomed.
.” Tony says, pink faced and staring back at him. Steve shrugs, scooting up the bed to pull his shirt off, then methodically stripping out of his sweatpants. Tony just stares, mouth dropping a little bit as Steve reaches over to rifle through the side-table closest to him for lube.
“You're so wet for me, God, a gorgeous mess.” Steve says wonderingly, his fingers curling around Tony's cock in his underwear to give him a squeeze. Tony moans long and loud, red to his ears as Steve strokes him, spreading slick precome around the head and thumbing at the tip in a way that sends him arching and thrusting through that perfect grip.
“You should name her Gal. She looks like a Gal.” Steve is looking down at the cat like he might like to pet her too. Tony chuckles under his breath.
“Do you like dessert?”  Tony asks, voice soft. They’ve gotten through about half the contents of both bowls; Steve having eaten the majority of it.
“Weird, I'm sure I had a lot more on the agenda this morning. You glitching Jay, what's wrong, got a cold?”
“Steve, babe, I’m not offended. I just thought it was kind of obvious, did you not see my Rolling Stone cover online? It was quite the pearl clutcher.” Tony was smiling, he didn’t look angry at least. That was good. He had no idea what that Rolling Stone business was about, but he made a mental note to search for it on his tablet.
“I’m the pack mule in this equation, Tony, ‘sides, this stuff isn’t even heavy.”  It wasn’t, he wasn’t lying about that.  He knew Tony probably had all sorts of tech in his bags, but all of it was about as light as air, and his clothing didn’t rate much weight either.
“I'm glad you're okay. You worried me there for a second. You're my friend, I don't like the thought of you being hurt.” Steve's sincerity catches him off guard, and Tony swallows convulsively. Steve views Iron Man as a
“Can I give you a hug? For luck and all. I know you do this kind of stuff all the time, but I gotta show a little appreciation.” Steve really is completely unaware of his effect on him.  Tony laughs, wondering yet again how a man like Steve Rogers can be real.
“Your mama helped keep my Mia alive during the Spanish flu, bambino, it is not charity.”  Lorenzo’s tone brooked no further arguments.  Steve hadn’t known that, Sarah had never said.
“I am assuming you mean Captain Rogers, as there is no one else who meets those particular parameters.”
They were not alone as it turned out.  They were in a sort of theater it almost looked like.  A huge wide room with completely incomprehensible equipment.  Lights blinked everywhere, and in the center there was a terrifyingly strange contraption that reminded Steve of nothing more than a massive metal chrysalis.  It was like nothing he had ever seen.  It was real and unreal, like something out of Metropolis, or the science fiction novels Steve had devoured while laid up in his bed with illness
“You don't like that anymore then?” Steve asks, his gaze serious and intense, as if he's filing all this information away with the same importance of a mission briefing.
“I love you.” Steve says, his thumb rubbing in a distracting circle over the small of Tony's back. “You better believe it sweetheart.”
“Is it dangerous if you get stressed?” Steve's concern is palpable, but he's not dragging down their date by detailing the situation in his chest, so Tony laughs, shaking his head.
“Oh look at how pretty you are, how good, so sweet for me.” Tony all but purrs, holding himself up at the apex of the thrust; the corded lines of his thigh muscles standing out as he makes Steve breathless with want, with anticipation.
and Steve seems to want it so much. He didn't run when Tony had his little melodrama with Hammer at the gala, he didn't run when JARVIS made it apparent that picking him up wrong would net a fist to the jaw. Steve seems completely unphased by how much of a mess Tony is. There's precisely two people in the world that Tony tells most of the deepest darkest things his mind comes up with-he feels like maybe he could tell Steve even more, well maybe not more, but things he can't share with anyone aside from a lover. He doesn't think Steve would judge him or offer empty platitudes.  Steve looks at him like no one ever has-like Tony is somehow worthy of unselfish devotion and love. It's a beautiful sentiment, but Tony just doesn't know how the hell to handle that, and he certainly doesn't think he's earned it. Tony shakes himself out of the fantasy. Focus, Tony,
“Oh really-can't have that.” Steve says, pulling off of Tony's cock with an all too satisfied grin. Tony pulls at his hair gently, urging him up.
“I will endeavor to do so, but he has a knack for getting into trouble.” Iron Man sounds resigned, and Rhodes' muttered
“Uh.” Tony blinks slowly, taking stock of himself and coming up with a whole slew of questions immediately.
“Yes, although I can desist if you prefer.” JARVIS sounds almost hesitant, as if the idea doesn't appeal to him at all. Steve finds he dislikes the notion of not having JARVIS around even more. He knows the AI isn't a flesh and blood person, but he's certainly capable of compassion. Steve doesn't think anything but the feeling of love could explain how carefully the AI led him through getting his creator into a bed. Maybe it's all a program, code, but JARVIS really seems to
They were the first new clothes he’d acquired in this new century, other than his uniform and the sweats Tony gifted him that first night in the mansion.  He was setting down roots, building a home.  The drawers in his room were beginning to be filled with his belongings.  He wasn’t going back to the forties, he was staying in the present, and he was finally beginning to accept it.
Tony laughs as Steve nearly fumbles the bottle of lube in his haste to do as Tony suggested, but he gets the job done; pouring a generous portion of the slippery lubricant between Tony's cheeks, some of it drips down onto the small of his back, but it's good, perfect even-when Steve slides his cock through that slick channel. Tony tips his hips upwards, hands dropping back down to the bed as Steve grabs that tempting flesh, pressing Tony's cheeks together tightly and thrusting into that tight hot space. Tony is watching him over his shoulder, eyes dark, and mouth moving with filthy praise that breaks off into tight little gasps when Steve's cock catches on his hole every few passes.
“I um. Definitely, but first I wanted you to have these.” Tony blinks slowly as Steve produces the bouquet of flowers from behind his back. They stare at each other for a long moment, before Tony's eyes drag back down to the flowers.
come by and try to throw me in a van, but I know he hired the guys that made the attempt. They didn't count on me knowing how to defend myself, or Iron Man being nearby for that matter. Thanks for the save by the way.” Tony says blithely, saluting JARVIS with his glass before continuing to speak before Steve can give voice to the anger bubbling up within himself. “Two weeks prior to the attempt he pulled me aside at a party, and let his freak flag fly so to speak. He uh..confessed to me, gave me a whole speech about how we could be powerful together. It was very super villainous, and villainy doesn't really turn me on, you know? Apparently he didn't get that memo.”
“Not it.” She calls, spinning the arm around and using it to send the Doom-Bot crashing to the ground. Somehow her short-spiky blond hair remains perfectly styled. Steve wonders if that's one of her superpowers too.
It made perfect sense then, to find the nearest army recruitment office.  Sure he was only seventeen, but they had to let him join, surely.  He wasn’t exactly sure how one went about enlisting, but surely a recruitment officer would talk to him.  What he had not counted on was that the states had apparently not gotten the memo.  Sat across from a recruitment officer, he stared in incredulity as she told him the United States had not gotten involved in the war as of yet.
“I didn't wake you did I? Sorry I... Stuck on something, sometimes playing helps to knock the brain into gear.” Tony sounds regretful, and that just won't do. Steve shakes his head, stepping fully into the room and coming to stand beside him. The piano really is beautiful, but it's nothing compared to the man playing it. Tony's eyes widen as Steve reaches down to stroke a hand over his cheek. It's strange to think of someone like Tony, someone who flirts like they breathe, being unaccustomed to touch, but small touches like these seem to take him entirely off guard. It just makes Steve want to touch him all the time-gently, carefully.
“Come and get it Shellhead.” Steve reaches out to draw him closer, cupping Tony's face between his palms and kissing his cheeks, the tip of his nose, and finally the almost dimples at the corner of Tony's lips. Tony doesn't move throughout the whole thing, his eyes go wide at first, but then drop shut, face flaming with an endearing flush. Tony's arms are loose at his sides, hands opening and closing as if he doesn't know what to do with them. Steve is suddenly uncomfortably aware of the fact that Doom is just behind them, staring at them both intently. He pulls back from Tony, slipping his hands away from his face and stepping back.
“Hear me out, it's scientific conjecture, but supposedly, theoretically, kissing is one of the ways we homo sapiens decide, subconsciously of course, on some deep lizard brain level, whether or not we're compatible.” It's true, but it's also a load of hooey, because in the end this is a purely selfish suggestion. Steve says nothing, staring down at him for a long moment as if mulling this over. Tony tries not to vibrate out of his skin in the interim.
“Yeah, this is okay, you, you like it?” Steve sounds almost shy despite having just fingered and rimmed Tony into near incoherence.
“Well, donkey’s rear end or not, be careful, I’m glad you weren’t seriously injured, but, just, be careful.”  Steve heard many parents over the years in their apartments mourning the loss of an alpha child to the armed forces.  It was a calling many went to, a place where they could serve as protectors, on the front lines, where Alphas had always been since armies existed.  There were less alphas now, Steve remembered his social studies lessons, Mrs. Carmichael droning on about populations reacting to war, and alphas only making up a fifth of the world population now, compared to some unbelievable fraction before they’d invented the wheel, or however it went, there were even fewer omegas.  He couldn’t really remember though, he had been too busy staring at the back of Russell’s head.
of people like something precious, but to have that care so clearly returned is not something he's familiar with.
“Stop looking guilty oh Captain of my heart, I'm fine.” Tony mumbles, cheeks pinking when he realizes what he's said. “
“Hey Iron Man,”  He said, walking over to rest his hand on the armor, “you feeling alright?  You were paralyzed there for a little bit.”  he hoped he sounded more confident than he felt.  Seeing the armor still, the lights dimmed, he had momentarily feared for the worst, but Tony had recovered quickly, and rejoined them all in the fight without a hitch.  The armor wasn’t even scratched, looking as glossy and well fitted as ever.  Beneath the cowl Steve felt his cheeks pink.
“My friends, this is an auspicious day indeed!” Thor booms, throwing his arms open to grab Tony up in an inescapable hug. Tony yelps, legs kicking as he's lifted off the ground.
“You, you will never…best me.” Zemo said, lurching to his feet in the wreckage, pointing the gun in Steve’s direction. The sun was rising behind him, bright and almost blinding, and Steve tilted the shield, reflecting the light into Zemo’s eyes as he tried to aim. The shot went wide as he covered his hooded face, hitting a precariously damaged bit of building above himself and sending what was not disintegrated crashing down over the wall he had been thrown through. The structure buckled inwards with the impact, burying Zemo beneath countless tons of rubble.
They stay like that, wrapped up in eachother, kissing as if they have all the time in the world.  Steve expects more to come of it, for Tony to lead him off to the bedroom, but that doesn’t happen.  Instead Tony stays where he is, draped over him, face turned toward the window while Steve strokes through the soft tangle of his hair.  He’s dozing now, soft breaths puffing out, his body utterly relaxed against Steve’s. Outside it’s still sleeting, the cold icy rain splashing down.  The city is alive down at street level, and blinking neon signs light up the night and the room they’re in. Steve knows if he were to go walking through the streets right now that it would be loud, but it’s quiet here, as if they’ve created their own little bubble of peace.  He knows in a few days they will have to return, that he will have to hide his soft edges, and Tony will slip back behind the mask everyone thinks they know so well; but until then they have this.
“I got a lot to see.” He says, scooting a little closer to lean over Tony, resting his hands on the pillow to trail kisses over the strong lines of his neck. Tony shivers, hands going up to stroke through his hair.
As much as his blood was spoiling for a fight, he still had to plan, and have a few hours of rest at least. Even with rut burning hot in his veins, he knew he had to reign it in. He’d be no help to anyone if he ran off to Mamula half cocked. He considered telling the team, but this was his fight, his score to settle. He couldn’t endanger them. He could hear Bucky calling him a fathead from beyond the grave, but he didn’t have any room to talk. Back in the war, Bucky’d been notorious for the wild risks he took, and Mamula was always somewhere both of them had wanted to be sent to. Bucky would come with him in spirit, even if they were never able to tear down the walls while the war was on, Steve could do something about the piece of trash glorifying the horrors of a past that had made Mamula what it was.
“Feeling's mutual babydoll.” Steve shoots back, reaching out to crush Tony against his chest; armor and all. Tony squawks with affront, wiggling in his embrace to extricate his arms where Steve has pinned them to his sides.
“Steve, hey, thought I’d let you know I’m having some stuff delivered to you, there was a warehouse, and,” he trailed off, as Steve stood to put his shoes in the shoe rack by his bed, “what,” he said. When Steve looked up, he had a hand splayed over his heart. His eyes were wide.
“Steve Rogers, that is not what I asked you.” And yeah that was the same voice too.  Steve licked his lips, feeling the split in it more by texture than any sensation.  It didn’t really feel like anything, not compared to the way his body was humming.
He muses to himself. The last time he felt this way he was too shy, too fearful to act on it. Seventy years asleep, and he was too afraid to tell her how he felt. He's not going to make that mistake again, even if the thought of what he's about to do has him feeling a little green around the gills.
“Oh Sweetheart.” He breathes, staring down into Tony's warm brown eyes. “You're the best inspiration I've ever had.”
“I've got a crush on the engineer that made his fancy flying gig possible, but the armor is awfully pretty.” He murmurs, bringing Tony's hand up to press a warm kiss against his knuckles.  Tony sputters, shooting Steve a wounded look when that makes him spill some of his coffee. A cardinal offense he's sure, but it's worth it when Tony darts in for a hug before trotting off to get ready for work. When he turns back to go finish his food the team attacks him with questions. Their acceptance, the excitement they feel for him, Thor's encouraging clap on the back-all buoy his spirits for the rest of the day.
“Don't even, we were going to fly to Malibu today, I promised to show you the superiority of a burger from In n' Out.”
His new body was tireless, he could run without losing his breath, scale walls, perform feats even the most highly trained military operatives would never dream of.  With Dr. Erskine’s death and the loss of the serum, the military knew it needed another way to sway public opinion into full support of the war.  There was still an alarming amount of support for the damned Nazis in the states.  Support Steve set about destroying with the movie pictures made based on his missions.  They were dramatic things, full of patriotism and bravery, Steve found them more than a little overblown, but they did their job, or so he heard.
“Jay, say hello.” To Steve's shock the piece of glass starts talking. Steve nearly drops it, but with his reflexes it looks more like his hand just twitched.
Steve goes to get his water bottle, and then he goes down to the gym. He breaks another punching bag.
“Who's Jay? You said to talk to him if I need to find you, but you said his name just now-” He asks, curiosity winning out over staring at Stark in dumbfounded silence.  Stark smiles, shoving his hands in his pockets and rocking back on his heels, confidence clearly regained.
“That's your plan?” Steve grits out. Tony tips his head back, jaw jutting stubbornly as he meets his gaze dead on.
“Knee up on the desk sweetheart.” Says Steve, tugging Tony's pants down and off at last, curving his palm around the meat of Tony's right thigh to help him do as Steve asked. The action spreads him further open, and Steve can't help dropping down to his knees, kissing up the back of Tony's thighs, digging his teeth in slightly over thick muscle. Tony squirms against the desk, his toes curling against the floor when Steve pulls the plug out and sets it aside, before leaning in to lick a stripe from the clench of his hole, up his crease, following the defined line of his spine in a path of sucking kisses.
him to, even though his voice is so soft and husky and warm, it's still a command, and one Steve desperately wants to follow.
broad wow, I could just hang off of you like a koala.” Tony babbles, eyes widening when Steve kisses his cheek. Tony is grateful Steve seems to find his inability to make any sort of sense around him charming. Who can blame him though? What is a level head when Steve Rogers is being all complimentary and romantic? Tony is going to do something really drastic soon, he can feel it in his bones. Either that or he's just going to drop dead from the tension.  “You um. Ready for a full night of me being a complete asshole for charity?” Tony asks, stepping into the limo with Steve right behind him.
That thread finally appeared late into the evening when he typed in the coordinates for an island he and Bucky petitioned to be sent to, but never were. Mamula, as the locals called it, Lastavica as it was named in the top secret dossiers. It was an old fort, which Mussolini and his cronies converted into a concentration camp. Steve ground his teeth together just thinking about it. He, Bucky, and the Invaders would have stormed it in a heartbeat, but the orders never came, and then of course, Steve had been lost to time.
“Yeah. Let's get out of here.” He says, suddenly unable to be here any longer. Too many eyes, too many people prying into his grief like knives into an oyster shell.
“I've told you, you can study my anatomy anytime.” Steve says, grinning when that makes Tony's shoulders shake with laughter.
“He's been working too hard, I can tell.” Steve says against the top of his head, and Tony's too sleepy to really grouse about that right now.
“I'm ready to go back to the mansion if you are. I should have brought a jacket.” Steve says, obstinate as ever. Tony sighs. At this point he knows that arguing with Steve's desire to take any complaint of his as call to action is a moot point. Besides he does not want Steve to worry if he decides to be stubborn. It
“Ey Rogers, budge over yeah, you’re hogging the whole bed.”  Contemplation interrupted, Steve looked up to see Cadet Hayward standing there dressed down to her pajamas.  “C’mon, move your skinny rear.”  She said, clambering in when he shook his head and scooted over.  He was soon enveloped in her octopus’ embrace, but it was nice, having someone warm to settle his restless mind.  It wasn’t romantic at all, and anyway there were plenty of dyads and triads out there where romance never entered into the equation.  Cadet Hayward was nice too, too bad she was from Boston, or they mighta had something.
“I will do my best Captain Rogers.” JARVIS says quietly after a long period of silence. Steve smiles.
“Mobility is great, best I've ever had after a break, and the pain is pretty negligible.” He says, smiling warmly.  Tony murmurs something under his breath about painkillers, twining their fingers together and peering up at Steve with painful uncertainty.
“Nice of you boys to join us.” Natasha says from where she's standing on the boarding ramp to the jet. Her posture says 'commanding', but the look on her face is fondly amused.
“No darling, I have other plans for tonight.” Tony's smile is warm and encouraging, as is the kiss he presses to Steve's lips. He lets that buoy him up to the bathroom where countless massaging jets of water do their best to work the week's tension from his body. He's had a few things to say about the way Tony lives his life, the decadence, but he can't deny how great this shower feels on his clammy skin.
, Tony-” He pants out through heaving breaths. “Tony, Tony, it's-am I hurting you?” He groans, watching the flutter of Tony's lashes, the tiny dent between his brows where they've drawn together. His mind feels fuzzy, dizzy with pleasure, but Tony's expressions are important, and Steve needs to know, must know if this is as good for Tony as it is for him.
“Sure, why not, I like to live on the edge.” It's sweet, so incredibly sweet, but it's pretty good too, and Tony finds himself licking the spoon. Although that may be in large part thanks to the way Steve's eyes have dropped to his mouth. Tony
“Don't,” He says, “To me, come to me instead.” He doesn't know if he has been heard, and what good is a ghost's comfort anyway, but then his soulmate is crumpling down, folding into himself, the heels of his hands pressing into the hollows beneath his eyes. The drink spills, pooling on the ground, glimmering liquid and malicious in the low light of the room. “I'm here, Here with you-” He calls out into the echoing space between them, but the ocean is there soon, tearing him away no matter how he fights it. A ship cannot fight the ocean, and neither can he, but his soulmate's pain echoes down with him into the dark.
“I don't need any commentary from the peanut gallery!” Tony growls, giving up and rolling over onto his stomach to yell his frustration into a pillow. JARVIS just tuts at him knowingly. The meeting in the morning is going to be an absolute disaster.
“All the good stuff is um, it’s been true so far, I have to say. Better even.” Tony picked at his gloves, and then looked up. “You’re really sure that it’s alright?”
“I think that indicates a bias on your part instead of how I feel about you, and I think if you ask anyone they would tell you that I haven't exactly been subtle.” Steve thinks about the betting pools all going right now, and those are just the ones he
There was no shortage of celebrities and dignitaries in the gossip rags.  Glitzy alphas and betas and even the occasional omega.  Valentino still had them all beat, but Cary grant might have given him a run for his money, or Grace Kelly.
“Something I'd like?  I like everything we've done, Tony.”  Too much, he thinks sometimes. Tony has a way of making even the smallest touches seem like a revelation.
“No it's.” Tony swallows audibly. “I..probably should shut up before I say something stupid.” Tony's breath is warm against Steve's cheek, his lashes flick with movement where their faces touch, soft like the mink ends of a paintbrush. Steve has a sudden stroke of inspiration, a crazy idea that just might work.
“So nosy.” Natasha rolls her eyes, but there's a slight smile on her face so Tony doesn't feel too bad about it. “We were talking about aphrodisiacs, pheromones, that sort of thing, and it's not just villains though Cap, you never know if some extra-dimensional portal is going to open up, or we might run across some undiscovered plant.” She shrugs, shoulders rising and falling easily with the movement.
“Polio never left. There's parts of the world-” He sighs, looking away and rocking on his heels. “Parts of the world not as lucky as us. It's still there, looming like a monstrosity in the water. Treatment's expensive though, too expensive.” Tony's gaze flicks down.  “This is a way to undo the damage that has already been done. It won't wipe the slate clean, but that's why we need better protection for water sources, clean treatment centers. Even here in America there's places the water is just fucked and that's ridiculous. Water should be a human right, but instead.” Tony cuts himself off, his cheeks coloring up, like he's said too much and he's gone all bashful.  Steve is breathless.
Steve takes a moment to process Tony's question though. There's a lot to consider in that statement, though that seems to be par for the course when speaking with Tony. The man is so distressingly intelligent, he makes Steve feel like he's skinny and small again looking into a pretty dame's eyes, or a pretty fella's.  Tony makes him feel like there's cotton wool stuffing up his head. Makes him feel tongue tied and like his feet are too big. He feels like a bull in a china shop, trundling along while Tony talks in circles around him. He wants to pull Tony close, press his face into soft dark hair. He wants so much that it almost seems like this desire has always been there just waiting for him to come out of the ice.
Iron man sits with him until Steve finally gets up to walk around the ship. It's all sleek lines and symmetry. Recessed glass panels with strange glowing lights dot the halls. Iron man informs him that they're maintenance and electrical information relays. A one stop shop to run diagnostics or to see if there has been a hull breach. It really feels more like a spaceship than any submersible Steve has ever been in. As terrifying as his new reality is, Steve grew up loving science fiction. The cities of tomorrow loom large in his memory, but even those imaginings have nothing on this ship-or on the high tech battle suit encasing Iron Man.
“Copping a feel huh Cap, didn't know you were the type.” Tony says gleefully.  Steve groans in response, dropping his head back on the pillows.
The next few moments are filled with shouting and confusion as the entire train goes flipping off the tracks. Over the comms he can hear the other Avengers yelling as the train cars smash against the mountainside. Iron Man catches him up but the momentum sends them careening through brush, debris flies everywhere as they pinwheel through the sky. A giant piece of siding crashes into Iron Man's back and they slam into the ground at a roll. From a distance lightning strikes, lighting everything up with dazzling white light. Something catches on his wrist as he scrabbles for purchase on gravel and rock, and he feels the sickening snap through his whole body as his arm breaks with the impact. Everything turns upside down when Iron Man fires his boot repulsors and brings them up above the fray in a spinning arc. The sudden acceleration wrenches his injury, he can't help but groan through gritted teeth.
Steve was in the kitchen frying up some bacon and eggs while talking to Jan about what on Earth was wrong with bananas nowadays, when Tony walked in.  He was in the process of buttoning up a lovely herringbone waistcoat, but he looked about as tired as Steve felt.  It was so good to see him back though, and clearly he wasn’t the only one that thought so.  Jan skipped over to collect a big hug and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“I trust everyone on the team, but you're different.” Steve is looking at him, blue eyes warm but serious. His expression is so focused, so intense, despite the redness of his cheeks he's not looking away. Of course he's not. This is Steve Rogers, by all accounts and purposes the most stubborn and fearless man alive.
“Uh,”  Steve began intelligently.  He wasn’t usually this tongue tied, he’d chatted up plenty of dames and fellas, not exactly
“Don't.” Steve sighs, turning to tangle their legs together. “We both made mistakes, we messed up shellhead.”
Tony wakes with the taste of salt water in his mouth, collapsed in the kitchen with Rhodey shaking him, eyes wide and worried as Tony coughs and chokes on the floor, his lungs full of water on dry land.
“I don't think I'm the biggest superhero Tony.” Steve says with fond amusement.  Tony seems to be thinking that over.
“And if words prove unsuccessful then I shall pummel the fool with my hammer. He toys with things he understands not.”
“Tony.” A soft voice interrupts his dozing.  It's gone quiet, but Clint's alive, or at least Tony thinks he is. Tony blinks, the room is empty save for the two of them. He must have fallen asleep again-the vague impression of dreams remain, but Tony lets them slip away. The glasses are slightly askew on his face, making everything tilt slightly, with a tap to one of the hinges they fold up as they're removed so he can carefully toss them over onto the coffee table.
“No, when you're not busy, know you said all next week you're doing things for S.I. But after that. I have a few pointers for you. Think you can keep up?” Steve knows the challenge is something Tony is unlikely to be able to resist. The narrowing of Tony's eyes only proves the gamble to be correct.
“Okay, okay I hear you, just relax, breathe.” He says, giving himself an extra stroke of slick before setting the bottle back down on the desk.
his eyes dilate.  He never managed to court anyone, never had someone he could call his, and he could belong to in turn.  Sure he’d slept with people in the past, and it was fun, it had been good, but that wasn’t what he wanted with Tony.  He wanted to see Tony in his gifts.  He could see it so vividly in his mind's eye.  Tony, sitting the way the betas and omegas sometimes sat in the pin-up art, kneeling on the bed all covered in Steve’s gifts, that megawatt smile of his lighting up his face.  God.
“What's in my chest?” He asks again, this time with more alarm, yanking at the strange almost wetsuit-like material encasing his chest-and the round glowing light that looks like it's right in the center of his pectorals. His fingers skate over smooth glass when he touches over the light with his free hand. He knocks on it twice, gasping as the vibrations travel deep down into his thoracic cavity. That can't be good.
“I missed you so much.” The admission costs him nothing, it's the truth after all. Tony makes a small wounded sound against his shoulder, lashes wet when he looks up at Steve.
Steve wakes up, fights an old friend, and has his socks blown off by one Tony Stark.  Featuring awkwardness, Steve eating his feelings, and more pining than you can shake a stick at.
“Take your sunglasses off hot shot.” Steve gestures at him with a dessert heaped spoon, indicating the purple lenses.
“I want you Tony, so much, anything you're willing to give me, even if that means this is all we do today.”  Steve says, almost before Tony can finish his sentence.  Tony stares up at him, shivering when Steve traces around the round edge of the reactor. “But if you're offering, then yeah, I'd love to.” That Tony would even offer is something Steve had not anticipated. Not that he thought Tony would be particularly shy, but he had not counted on Tony wanting this as badly as he does.
One of the betas giggled, and the other four interjected various drunken directions as to where they lived.  Yeah, they were all corked, that was for sure.  A few years ago they might’ve been coming from a speakeasy and trying to be a little more subtle about it, but after President Roosevelt had gotten rid of prohibition it wasn’t an uncommon sight to see a group of carousers singing their way down the sidewalks at night.  Still wasn’t a particularly bright idea.
“Iron man passed my message along I see. What do you think?” Tony turns, and Steve just watches him-utterly dumbstruck. There's an arc reactor, just like the one in the iron man suit. It sits nestled against a sort of slim chest plating. The glow of it is beautiful, but it makes Steve a little nervous to think of something like that sitting right on top of the pacemaker Tony keeps so fastidiously hidden. It has to be smaller as well.  He's seen the dimensions of what tony keeps in the armor.  Still, whether the dimensions make sense or not, the image it presents is
“You welcome me back with meetings? Cruelty, thy name is Pepper.” The hand to his chest adds to the high drama, but it's worth it to hear Pepper hold back a giggle. She shifts to pure business once they reach the lab doors to research and development, and Tony once again is reminded of the perfect choice he made in appointing her CEO.
“Don’t think you’re big enough to bend me over your knee.  Might throw your back out. You might have to use a winch to lift me.”
"No, no. Well, maybe. But not today. Okay. Here's the thing. I think you and your band have something special. A certain
Andrew nodded, making a noise. “Right. I remember that. It’s because they thought you were, what, three years younger than the rest of us?”
Who even is this guy? Tony’d be lying if he wasn’t ready to drag Pepper over to find this Steven Rogers, but he has a reputation to uphold. He plays it cool, and says, “I guess so. Let me finish my champagne and then we can make our way over. I’ve got to speak to Pattie on the way though, I had some questions for her and Rachel about their latest stock purchase.”
"I think it'd be better if I went alone, actually. I recruited for the Commandos and Tony would just grab them off the street to get it over with," Steve said.
“Nope. Just you,” grinned Andrew. He looked over at the field, where a group of people were walking on. The crowd’s energy swelled. “Look. The game’s starting.”
"Right, well, I wanted you to meet my girlfriend, Jessica. Jessica, this is Tony Stark," he introduced, waving between Tony and the pretty blonde woman. Tony narrowed his eyes. She looked familiar.
“So. Steven Rogers. Tell me about it,” purrs a voice. Tony spins and there’s Natasha, watching Steve walk away. When did she get here?
Tony nodded. A waitress slid their drinks in front of them, smiling as Steve thanked her. Tony sipped his scotch, pondering Steve. Had he read the signals wrong? "You don't seem to be having a very good time," he suggested.
Fury waggled a finger. "More like what are you going to do about it. I'm a busy man, I don't have time to run after mediocre players with contracts. You two, however. Your egos'll bring them in like flies to honey. Really annoying honey that is starting to get on my nerves, that is."
“What are we talking about?” Pepper Potts, Tony’s assistant and a superstar in her own right, says, sliding into the empty spot next to Tony on the settee.
“Real smart too,” said Howard, tucking the picture behind his licence and putting the wallet back in his pocket.
“Don’t think so,” replied Howard, pulling out his wallet. He removed a picture of Maria and him at the beach he’d had printed a while ago and gave it to Andrew, who lifted it up to his face. Andrew’s eyebrows shot up.
"Let's talk about the team," said Fury, ignoring Tony. His tone of voice made it obvious that he was less than thrilled by the players Tony had signed. Fury clicked the remote again and the face of a man with curly greying hair popped up. "Bruce Banner, also known as the puniest man on the planet."
Tony fumed and opened his mouth to argue, but Fury clicked a button on his remote and replied before he could. "Stephen Strange. After an accident destroyed his hand and his medical career he set his sights on greater things. Practiced like crazy and made it to the big leagues, playing for a div two team before signing with us," he said as a man in a crested lab coat peered unkindly at them.
“I did a double major in business and technology,” he replied. He braced himself for the judgement that would surely come with his technology major, but it didn’t arrive. Michael just nodded and pulled out his wallet, handing him a business card.
"She taught me how to dance with that record. After she died, I couldn't bear to listen to it, so I shelved it away at the back of some closet. The time you played that song in the bar was the first I'd heard it in over twenty years and it made everything come rushing back. Not just the song itself, but the way your band played it was...it was like magic, and that's coming from someone who thinks magic is a load of horseshit. Not that your music is horseshit. That's not what I meant. I mean that your music is amazing and the closest thing I've ever experienced to magic, which is saying something because I don't even believe in magic.
Fury was seated at the long conference table and turned at Tony's arrival. The late summer sunshine filtered through the glass walls overlooked the city. A man was staring out these windows, his arms crossed. Tony strode into the room with all the confidence of someone who had definitely not been stressing about his future twenty seconds ago. The man at the window turned when he heard Tony's footsteps.
Natasha actually looks impressed. Tony feels his chest puff a little with pride. “You actually got the hermit artist to agree to leave his studio?”
"Don't hurt yourself," Tony replied, which was definitely the wrong move, judging from the way Steve's face lit up red (and not in a good way).
"I don't. I mean, I talked to Bruce once when he was serving me drinks, but I've just seen them play, never actually...you know. Talked to them."
She raised an eyebrow. "Uh huh. I'm sure." Pepper glanced once more in the mirror, tucking some invisible strand of hair behind her ear. "Come on, we don't want to be late."
"No," she replied, plucking a champagne flute from a passing waiter. Tony passed when one was offered to him. "I'm a British ambassador for the UN."
“You haven’t heard?” said the woman. She leaned on the bar. “There’s a football match on today. It’s England versus the rest of the world, so everyone who didn’t bother buying tickets is either in pubs or at home, watching.”
For a second, Tony didn't know what to do. His brain had short-circuited, and it took him a second to reboot before he was fully able to comprehend what was happening. Finally, the reality set in and Tony pressed back into Steve's kiss, the corners of his mouth tipping up.
Career: 10 years active, multiple professional teams most notably the Howling Commandos and the American national team. Played for the Yale Bulldogs during his tenure there.
“Well, I haven’t actually started my own company yet. I’ve got a few ideas for projects that I’d like to build upon, but I doubt any investors will take me seriously,” said Howard, choosing his words carefully.
The elevator pinged and Tony stepped in. The walls were currently blank, but Tony hoped to make them show a short montage of the team's victories (when they achieved them). Their christening match was soon enough, and Tony thought of it as the elevator rose floor after floor. Their new stadium had finished construction a couple weeks ago, and it was awaiting them for their first practice which was coming even sooner than the first match. Tony took a deep breath and the elevator's doors slid open.
Steve looked back at the door to the ballroom, apprehension spelled across his features. "Shouldn't you stay? You're the host and everything."
"Right. Shield," Steve supplied. Truth be told, Tony had no idea what the club's name was. He'd just given Pepper vague directions and hoped she found the right one. He remembered telling her that if she found a freaky tall guy with a metal arm, she was in the right place. "I remember that night."
Tony had grown up around soccer. From watching games in his father’s private box as he popped champagne to celebrate a championship win, to listening his father rant to his mother at the dinner table about the season’s turnout, to knowing starting line ups better than he knew his times tables. The culmination of all these things, plus many more, was probably why he’d sworn off the sport nearly eleven years ago. Tony had not picked up a soccer ball since playing for his high school team. And don’t get it wrong, Tony was good. After watching more matches than he could count and learning tricks from some of the best players in the world, Tony was well above average. It was just that he hated it. He hated it as much as his father loved it. In fact, when he’d been told by the doctor that he’d never be able to play again, those many years ago, he was glad. Finally, he could live the life he wanted.
No, Tony has no clue what Natasha’s parents are like. They’re some big Russian oligarchs with blood ties to the old czar or something equally as terrifying. He’s never met them and has no desire to. The fact that they’ve commissioned something from Steve speaks volumes. “Oh yeah?” is all Tony can think to say. “What was he like?”
“Who is this guy?” asks Tony once they’ve crossed the room to where Steven Rogers and the woman had disappeared off to. He looks around and spots one half of the pair. It’s not hard, with Steven’s blonde hair sticking out above the crowd. He tugs Pepper in that direction.
Tony thought of this as he drove along the highway, his car gliding smoothly along the open road. He was driving into his hometown, New York City, to go check on the tower. He had a meeting scheduled in-he checked his watch-fifteen minutes. Yikes. He was going to be late. Tony sniffed, nudging his orange sunglasses further up his nose. That's fine. It was high time Fury and Steve got used to it. After all, they had to deal with him for the next two years (at least).
Howard shrugged. “Something like that. I feel like investors would be wary about investing in someone so young and without a solid reputation.” He shrugged again. “Who knows. Maybe I’m just too nervous to dive in headfirst.”
The receptionist looked at her computer, typing in a couple of things before turning back with an answer. "No, he doesn't come in until Monday."
Natasha rolls her eyes. “You’ve met him too; you know perfectly well what he’s like. He’s nice, but stubborn. Takes criticism well, but he’s too polite to dish it out. Good guy. If you break his heart, I’ll crush you,” she slips in, taking a bite of her slug cracker.
It's Been a Long, Long Time by Harry James (you may recognize this one from Winter Soldier and Endgame-sniff)
Steve shrugged. "The same way I can tell that we're not going to find any Avengers on the Internet."
Featuring one "high speed" car chase, one backstory and one impressed Tony Stark. (Bonus: a weird-ass timeline)
"And when Steve brings in a bunch of all American, part-eagle freaks, you're not going to complain?" asked Fury, setting down his remote. Steve bristled at the comment.
Michael nodded, resting his chin on his fist. “You never know, Stark. You seem smart. Even if you don’t want to create your own, I’m sure any major company would snatch you up in a heartbeat. What’d you major in for your undergraduate degree?”
Tony's eyes were drawn to the stage, where familiar musicians were playing soft jazz, seemingly warming up for later in the night. Natasha was nowhere in sight, but Steve led the band in a lovely, slower piece. Tony found himself smiling up at him, though Steve was focused on the music and didn't return his gaze.
Steve visibly stiffened. "How'd you get Buck?" he asked, turning to face Fury. He looked slightly pissed.
Many years ago, a man named Howard walked the streets of London. He had neat brown hair and a head full of ideas that no one seemed to want to listen to. He had been kicked out of his hotel room by his wife after she had complained that he hadn't seen the sunlight in days. Apparently, "I can see it through the window" was not a good enough answer.
Tony dropped his tie, turning to Pepper. She was staring at him, a mix of astonishment and confusion painted across her face. "What? No. Don't be ridiculous," he huffed.
“Tony Stark. I can’t say I’m all too familiar with who you are, but Pepper and my friend Natasha have been uttering your praises all night.”
"No," Steve repeated. "Listen, I thought this was just a friendly thing, but if you're going to go around throwing money at me to buy my-I don't even know! Do you do this often? Offer to pay for a man's life in exchange...in exchange for-"
What was I listening to when I wrote this? Good question! The answer is this: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1in9pLQrEv22X9HPOkbQuu
Background: American from New York, currently residing in Brooklyn. Attended Yale University with honours.
Tony thinks that Steve looks relieved, but that’s probably wishful thinking. He tries to think of something, anything to say, but all of his carefully cultivated social skills seem to be escaping him at the moment. “You here with anyone?” is the line he finally decides on, after a minute of awkward silence.
Steve cut him off. "An accident gave him talent?" he said, his eyes wide. "Got any other medical miracles I should know about?"
"That's really nice of you to say," replied Steve, looking up at Tony through his eyelashes. God, Tony's teeth felt like they were going to rot from how sweet this man was.
The line went by in a second and they were ushered in. Howard started to follow the crowd, but Andrew grabbed his arm. “This way,” he said, leading him to an entrance a couple feet away from where the rest of the spectators were entering.
Tony makes a strange sort of noise in his throat, and instead of being repulsed and walking away like any normal person, Steve just chuckles. “Listen, my friend Jan seems to be in dire need of attention-” Steve gestures over to where the short woman from earlier is making eager faces at him. When she notices them looking back, she turns and abruptly walks away, stiff as a board in what is most likely embarrassment. “-but you have my card. Don’t hesitate to call.” Steve sticks out his hand and Tony grasps it, giving it a lingering shake before (unfortunately) letting go.
"Steve! That's not what I meant and you know it. Would you stop being so damn stubborn for two minutes and let me explain?" Tony said, starting after Steve, who stopped in his tracks to turn and glare at Tony. He gestured for him to speak, folding his arms on top of each other.
"Tony Stark, meet Margaret Carter. Peggy, this is the man I was telling you about," said Pepper, gesturing towards a beautiful woman that looked like she could crush Tony under her thumb. He dug it.
"Don't worry, I'm sure your boyfriend is thoroughly impressed. You don't need to show off any more than you have," replied Fury. Steve went beet red and Tony fought back a smile. He looked at the screen instead.
The crowd screamed so loud that the stadium shook. Howard was pretty sure he could feel his brain rattling inside his skull. Two teams of men emerged from an unseen area onto the field, waving to the crowd. There was about a half an hour of posturing (including the arrival of Prince Philip himself, who shook hands with both teams and posed for many a picture), before the team took positions and a man wearing a black shirt walked up to them, holding a coin. He flipped it high into the air, watched as it fell, and then a loudspeaker announced that England would be starting. A soccer ball was dropped at England's feet and the game begun.
"Thank God, Pepper. I think I've filled my schmoozing quota for the month. You should have seen me with the mayor. It was like taking candy from a baby. I'm honestly sorry for the city's budget; I'm pretty sure I got him to pledge 75% of it to one of our foundations-" Tony babbled as Pepper dragged him across the floor. She stopped suddenly, and he tumbled before catching himself.
That was all Howard needed to hear. He downed the rest of his drink and left 20 pence on the table. “Thank you,” he called to the woman, as picked up his coat and scarf and headed towards the door. Maria would be pleased to hear he'd done something with his day off.
The song ended, and Pepper patted Tony on the shoulder, dragging his eyes away from the stage. "You know," she said softly. "The night's nearly over."
(Note: I know that these aren't necessarily the original composers of these songs, but they're the covers I listened to for inspiration when creating this chapter. I strongly suggest you give them a listen! I've got a playlist on Spotify with a couple of my favourite jazz songs that I'll leave below in case anyone's interested.)
“Not from around here, are you?” asked the woman. Howard turned to face her. She wore red lipstick and was dressed rather old fashioned, with intricate curls in her hair and a fitted blazer and skirt. She reminded him a bit of his wife.
Andrew nudged him. “Impressive,” he whispered. “Michael doesn’t do that for just everyone, you know. He’s never said more than hello to my guests.”
"Any questions you have can be addressed to my PA. I'll be sure to get back to you within 3 to 5 business days," he said, waving vaguely in the direction of where Pepper had been standing. He turned, racing out the door before anyone could ask him any more questions. "Donate lots to charity!" he called after him.
Football, or soccer as Howard knew it, wasn’t really big in America. In fact, he’d never seen a real game. Sure, a couple of his high school friends had played in kiddie leagues, but unlike other sports like
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stark," she said, voice coated in a posh British accent. She stuck out a hand, her red-lipsticked mouth curving into a smile.
“Come on now. I probably owe you at least twenty five bucks from our college days. Consider us even now.” Andrew grinned again, and waved Howard to the turnstiles. Howard paused before accepting it.
He drummed his fingers against the wheel, humming as he watched the road. The top of the convertible was down, and wind whipped through his hair, (hopefully) giving him a thoroughly windswept look. He reached over and turned on the radio, switching between songs until he finally settled on a channel playing rock music. He hummed along, driving onto the Queensboro bridge. He watched as the East River sped past him, its water shining under the bright sun.
“It sure is,” replied Howard. He looked at the field, where a marching band was putting on a performance, then at the screaming crowd.
"'Course. It's why they pay me the big bucks." Tony made a show out of cracking his neck and knuckles (much to Pepper's chagrin at the noise) before nodding and beaming a smile at a familiar crowd. "Marcus! It's so good to see you!" he called, slipping into the persona of Tony Stark, charming, playboy billionaire easily as he flirted playfully with the guests. For a good cause, of course.
"God, I was so excited. My mother said I was a tyrant; ordering around the maids and forcing our butler, Jarvis, to polish everything at least thrice. I loved it when my father was home, but not when he was drunk off his ass, as he so often was when he was angry at something. So I did my best, and the day came faster than I would have liked. I sat at the dining table with my mother on the morning of my birthday, our plates untouched as we waited for him. But he never came."
"You're something, Tony," assured Steve, removing his hand from Tony's arm and sticking it out in front of him. "Shake on it?"
Tony pushed open the door to the elevator room, admiring the interior designer's choice in wallpaper. A fern sat in the corner behind two blue armchairs that sat atop a white shag rug. He walked towards the closed elevator doors and pressed the up button, tapping his foot as he waited. Tony stepped inside when it came, but stopped dead in his tracks at what he saw through the glass wall of the elevator.
“Exactly. Steve's one of those “my art should speak for itself” types. He doesn't want people to take in their opinion of him when looking at or buying his art.”
“Oh, I don’t know. A lot of my professors didn’t take me seriously back at Harvard,” Howard replied.
Tony twirled Peggy, a knowing smile shining on his face. Pepper cut in as Steve's voice faded, replaced by an instrumental led by Natasha and Bruce.
Tony didn't pry. It wasn't his place (see, Pepper? Not always an asshole). "You know the rest of them too, then? Or just Steve?"
Tony chased the thoughts from his head as he pushed open the door. Steve had to agree to all of this first. He couldn't just spring tales of nice suits and suites on him without causing Steve to run for the hills. Steve was like a stray dog; adorable but likely to spook at any moment.
Steve stood up from the booth. "Listen. We're perfectly happy as we are. The band is a hobby for us, something to do in the evenings so we can forget all the crappy cards life dealt us. We're people, Mr. Stark, not some charity case," he spat, throwing a crisp bill on the table before stalking away.
“Howard! Good god, excuse me! Sorry, yes, was that your foot? Sorry, ma’am. No, if you’ll just let me get through-Ah! Finally! Goodness, it’s a madhouse over there!” exclaimed a tall man after having wormed his way through the crowd to get to where Howard was standing. “I thought you weren’t going to stop for a second there, but I sure am glad you did! It’s been so long, Howard!”
Fury nodded to them and left, the elevator doors closing behind hi. Steve and Tony stewed in silence for a few minutes, the starting line up staring at them.
Tony hesitated, but Steve was looking at him with wide puppy eyes that no one could have resisted. "Well, I run Stark Industries. The uh, weapons manufacturing company. I develop products for them and then get dragged to all of the terrible board meetings. If I could, I'd hand it all over to my frightfully capable assistant, Pepper, but she seems to think that she's 'not ready' and the board thinks it'll cause a 'drop in stocks'," he huffed. "So I go to the stupid meetings and sign all the paperwork when I'd really rather be down in the lab making things explode."
"Sure. The Avengers. Steve and I played together when we in the service, but when I discharged and Bucky..." she faltered for a second, staring into her glass. But then her smile was back, bright as ever. "Anyway. I helped him get back on his feet and he met the rest of them through various mediums. It makes him happy, I think. So I help keep the band afloat. Least I can do, after everything."
Peggy laughed. "Well, the UN's just my day job. But Steve's an old friend of mine, so I help him manage the band in my spare time. You know, financials and the like," she said, taking a sip of her champagne.
“And Michael, this is Howard Stark. He was my roommate sophomore year at Harvard. Top of our class. Smartest guy I know,” continued Andrew, patting Howard on the shoulder.
Steve seemed satisfied at Thor, probably due to Thor's numerous years on teams around Europe as well as his role on the Scandinavian national team. As a centre-back, Thor would probably end up working with Steve to get the ball from their net into their opponents. Fingers crossed they got along.
“Coming with you Shellhead, need to ice this arm anyway right?” Steve asks gently. Iron Man just nods, saying nothing as Steve steps up onto his boot. “Avengers, we'll reconvene in the jet, scout around and see if you can find anything about who might have brought that thing here.” Takeoff is gentle after that-nothing like the adrenaline fueled soaring of their usual trips through the air. Steve clings tight, wishing he could get the helmet off and see for sure that the man in the armor is really safe and healthy. That is impossible though, so he settles for taking measured breaths, willing the pounding of his heart to calm.
“Eyes closed Tony, just for a little while.” Pepper sounds so certain that everything will be just fine, so he nods, letting his eyes flutter shut. They give him a moment to get his bearings, and then they're moving in a tight knit group down a long hallway. There's a whooshing of doors, obviously the entrance to an elevator. It must be a pretty big elevator if all of them fit, but they do.
“Yeah I heard. Tony, Tones.” Rhodey says, the amusement dropping off of his face in favor of a sort of deep seated worry Tony can't even begin to understand. Dark eyes rove his face, seemingly searching for
“Nothing I just-”  Steve licks his lips, getting his fingers in Tony's hair and stroking, smiling when that makes Tony give a full body shiver “I should brush my teeth, freshen up for you.  You always get so clean, and I've still got morning breath.”
“Alright well, I wouldn’t want Tony to be upset then, but I’ll warn you, I can eat a lot.”  Steve said, gamely scribbling a few things he’d like to have onto the pad of paper.  He wondered if Jarvis would judge him for wanting several pounds of hot dogs.
That was just the tip of the iceberg of course.  Every day brought new discoveries, new mysteries.  Jan helped him figure out the television, and taught him how to work Tony’s fancy dishwasher, she was sweet, tiny, and smelled strongly of alpha.  Her partner, Hank Pym was a beta, and didn’t seem too enthusiastic about anything other than insects and science.
Tony blinks in confusion though, turning in his seat to look at Steve. There are four seats in the back of the car. It's more like a small rolling living room than an actual vehicle. Bucky is beside Steve, gloved hand over a very bulky pocket in his black cargo pants, eyes on the street going by outside. Tony wonders how he can see out the window with tinting that dark.
“I promise, I didn’t read any of the letters, but I didn’t want them out there in some museum, those were your private thoughts.” Tony scooted closer, pressed his leg against Steve’s, he wasn’t meeting Steve’s eyes, but he did put an arm around him and press close, the way he had in the hotel back in Foxborough. He squeezed a little more tightly when Steve leaned into him. “Some of the more delicate stuff I had sealed in museum glass so um. Don’t be alarmed when it gets here.”
“I thought the flowers made it pretty clear that's what I was up to, and I meant what I said in the limo. Every single word of it.” Behind them the muted television is throwing colorful lights across the walls, but Tony can't tear his eyes away from Steve.
Tony's heart is pounding away, Steve can hear it, can hear the steady beating of it, the way sounds rumble up through his chest. Tony gasps, groans, the hand in his hair gentling, stroking there almost reverently, and Steve presses his face more firmly against Tony's skin, feeling out of his body almost, and so hot, and melting, and gone with the praise spilling from Tony's lips.
“I have chosen you because you are a good man, a good alpha, and I have a belief you will continue to prove my hypothesis correct.”  Perhaps Erskine had not known it, perhaps he had not known how much Steve needed to hear those words in that moment, in that particular time in his life, but they hit home nonetheless.  Steve didn’t know how much he believed it, but it still lit him up on the inside, made some ragged piece of himself he’d been ignoring feel whole and new.
“You still want to see what I'm working on after I'm done at S.I.?” Tony asks, draining the last of his coffee and standing to get a third cup.
to hide it, can't pretend not to feel what I feel about you so it's a good thing I'm here in this century because anyone woulda taken one look at my face and known.” Steve says, and the conviction there, the fervency of his affection is so unlike anything Tony has ever experienced that he has trouble even processing it.  He drops his drink, sinking down onto the floor of the limo with Steve and throwing his arms around him to cling tight. Steve doesn't even hesitate, just holds him close, strokes gentle fingers through his hair the way did that night sitting at his mom's piano-like Tony is special, like he's something
Steve was suddenly glad he’d run out of money to keep paying for alpha suppressants about a month prior.  They weren’t fully purged from his system yet, but he wouldn’t feel it as much when he got punched as he would have had he still been taking them, and if he somehow didn’t end up in traction after this, the drop wouldn’t be as bad as it usually was.  His last alpha cycle had been muted, the needy desire to curl around a loved one and protect them still lessened and semi distant, but he felt the rush in his veins that moment, the way the world had blown out and allowed his focus to narrow, in a way that wouldn’t have been possible on the suppressants.  He thanked his lucky stars that President Roosevelt hadn’t passed that free suppressants initiative yet, he needed all the strength and stamina he could get, especially while bronchitis stole his already less than stellar lung capacity.  He supposed he’d have been more inclined to be upset about not being able to afford them if he wasn’t always getting into scraps, but well, he wasn’t about to back down, and it looked like the other two alphas were not either.
“Why are we camping in the woods Steven, you know I could have rented us a cabin right?” Tony mutters, all big brown eyes and imploring gaze. Steve is almost moved, but he has a plan for tonight.
Bucky clasps his shoulder now, instead of draping a protective arm across his back. It's strange to miss these things like the aching bloom of a fresh bruise, but he does it all the same. Maybe sometimes he holds his breath to remember what it felt like to struggle for it, maybe sometimes he thinks he doesn't deserve this new strength when other men die on the battlefield crawling for their lives, maybe sometimes he realizes he's so far in over his head that he's drowning.
His trek up the wall left him atop it, with a perfect vantage point of the courtyard. He dropped down, laid his body flat along the top of the wall to hide his silhouette in the slowly brightening light of dawn. Zemo was there alright, with his back to Steve, surrounded by six of his sorry little minions. There were storage trailers full of weapons arrayed about, but none of them seemed to be carrying one, except Zemo himself. Good, he was still unexpected. Steve took a deep breath and dropped down silently behind one of the trailers, pressing his back to it and peering around it to get a good look and gauge where he needed to approach.
“I want you to chop those.”  He says, placing a slim knife in Steve’s hand that feels more like a scalpel for how small it feels clutched in his grip.  “Here.” Tony says, pressing against his back, framing steve’s arms with his own, resting his chin on Steve’s shoulder as he runs Steve through a quick series of slices to sliver the pear into thin pieces.  His grip is sure, the fingers strong, and despite the way the breadth of his body in no way dwarfs his own, Steve still feels covered, guided. He shivers a little, smiling when Tony brushes a gentle kiss over his jaw and wraps his free hand around a waist much broader than his own.
that hot tight place Steve has wanted to push into, wanted to show Tony how good it can feel, how amazing it feels to have Tony inside him like this-and Tony is letting him, guiding him inside with a sure grip and Steve can only shake, and shake and try to stay still.
“God, Tony, do you even know what you do to me?” Steve grits out, arousal palpable in every word, and Tony's eyes go dark and hot as his words register.
The movie went on, on the screen, the main character was running around while explosions went off everywhere.  He had terrible form.  The feeling of Tony’s hand slipping out of his hair made him look up.  Tony leaned down, his lips next to Steve’s ear.  “You look nice, um.”  He smelled like caramel popcorn.  “By the way, I don’t know if I made that clear.  You look great.”
“You bet, wouldn’t miss it.”  He said, sucking some peanut butter off his thumb, and then washing his hands.
Tony stills. “I've loved you for months. This wasn't about sex, as wonderful as it was, I'd have been happy as your friend without it, but yeah I-” Steve trails off when he gets a good look at Tony's face. He looks similar to the way he did that day with the ice skating, but this time there's a trembling sort of hope coloring his expression.
The music kicked up at the start of the first quarter, the announcer’s voice reverberating around the stadium to the cheers of the fans.  The stadium was packed to the gills, Steve had to admit, their seats were fantastic.  They must have been pricey as all get out, and Tony had bought him a ticket.  Steve flushed a little, and grabbed a hot dog from the box when Tony held it up.
it was friendly. Turns out what I thought was all good competition was really just the tip of a very dark iceberg.” Tony stops there, pushing his chair back from the table to pace across the floor, stopping when he reaches the bar to pour himself another finger of whiskey. He leans against the counter with affected casualness, but Steve knows him well enough now to understand what he's seeing. Tony is shaken. Shaken and deeply upset.
The beadwork was repetitive, but also soothing, and much like painting, Steve lost himself in it for hours.  The end result wasn’t anything ritzy by any means, just a simple woven bracelet with tiny blue beads, but Steve hoped Russell might like it, that he’d keep it, and if Steve was really lucky, maybe he’d wear it too.  Steve had seen pictures, glamorous black and white stills of fabulously wealthy alphas and betas presenting their omega partners with gems, and cars, and lavish coats of the finest fur.  Even then sometimes, a courtship gift might be rejected,  he’d seen many pictures of omegas with their gloves rolled up in their hand, their gazes turned away, in a clear signal for ‘no’; omegas were offered so many gifts after all, and while they could make time with anyone they liked, they usually only accepted gifts from the people they knew and wanted to spend more time with anyway.  Any bozo could walk up to an omega and try to start up a courtship, but that didn’t mean the feeling was mutual.
“Jesus, Mary, and Joseph,”  He swore, bracing his hands on the counter and leaning over it.  He was not going to go to his room and bring himself off just because Tony’d let him put a pair of cufflinks on his shirt.
“I love it when you're focused on your work.” He says quietly. Tony blinks, eyes raising from his screen to meet his.
“He has a heart condition, I don't know the full story, but he can't. Anything else is not really my place to say.” Wasp has gone from looking glum to downright distraught. Now Steve really
The sidewalk is bustling with activity when they exit, Steve wraps an arm around his waist, encouraging him to press close while they walk. He doesn't seem to have a specific destination in mind. Tony has to admit it's nice to just be with Steve. Here on the sidewalk they could be any couple out for an evening stroll. Nothing pressing is happening, well no more than usual at any rate. Tony has a million projects to get back on when they get back to the mansion but that's neither here nor there.
“Huh. Guess we'll have to share. Mine is big enough for two people anyway.” He feigns abashment, hoping he's put enough regret in his tone to not be as transparent as a window.  Tony just stares at him when he joins him in the tent.  “Unless it makes you uncomfortable, in that case you can take it and I'll go grab a blanket from Natasha's car.” Steve offers, mindful of Tony potentially not being on-board with this sleeping arrangement despite previous suggestions of the contrary.
“Iron man, NOOO!”  Mole Man shrieked, as Iron Man hit him with the unibeam and blew him backwards.  It was a shot with much less power in it than the armor usually doled out.  At full strength, or even half strength, Mole Man would have been toast.  As it was, he was out cold on the ground.
Of course Bucky’s favorite would have been Natasha, all things considered, Bucky’d always had a soft spot for redheads and danger in small packages.  The first time they sparred, he hadn’t quite known where her skills were, but she’d cleaned his clock impressively.  Steve was only too happy to scrape himself off the floor afterwards and shoot her a salute.  She had looked surprised but pleased, and given him a sly little wink that made his ears crimson.  Her scent was hard to place, dark and sweet, and slightly bitter, he thought she might be an omega, but he couldn’t be too sure, she seemed to favor perfumes, and he had never known an omega to be ex-Russian intelligence.  He was sure there was a story there, but Natasha seemed guarded, so he didn’t ask.
“Tell Bill I said Windows blows when you see him for me will you? What-aw Pepper, you never let me have any fun.” Tony grins at Steve, blowing a kiss in his direction, staring in shock when Steve blows one back.
“Fuck, okay, whatever you want, anything, you can have it.” Tony cuts himself off, winding his legs around Steve's waist and pulling him into a kiss so scorching hot that Steve nearly stumbles. Tony's hands clutch at his shoulders, deftly unclipping the shield and letting it clang onto the ground when he's lowered onto the cool surface of the table, but he doesn't pause in kissing Steve for even a second.  Distantly he registers the shield rolling off to hit the wall, but it's not important.  Not with Tony kissing him like
’  Loud and clear.  He supposed that was better than having his gift returned and for everyone in their damn grade to have figured out Steve had been rejected.  He supposed he was luckier even, than all the other hopefuls who would have gifts returned to their faces, likely in front of their friends and peers.  Steve dropped his eyes back to the table.  It still stung like hell.
Steve's hand turns, knuckles replacing the drag of his thumb to dig against his back with slightly more pressure. Tony groans as his back pops from his C 7 to his L 1 vertebrae. It feels
“Mmm, yeah. Take me on a date Captain Handsome.” Tony says almost dreamily. Steve grins. Then blinks.
Tony catches the Ferris wheel, firing the jet boots to slow the acceleration and compensate for the massive amounts of force being exerted on the supports holding it in place. His sound dampeners quiet the screech of metal on metal, but it's still loud enough to be wince inducing.
“Oh I do know that, but this is about us working as a team, and camping like this can be pretty relaxing too don't you think?” Steve pauses for effect, putting on his most sincere 'trust me' expression.  “Besides, I miss camping like this, low tech and easy. C'mon do an old soldier a solid?” Maybe the sad expression on his own face is overkill, but it seems to work. Tony sags against him-laying his head on Steve's shoulder, nosing against the side of Steve's neck. Clint is muttering 'oh my god' repeatedly beneath his breath. Steve agrees.
“I like to watch him dance, he's pretty light on his feet for such a big strapping guy.” This voice is full of mirth, he can hear the smile there even without seeing her.
“Couldn't sleep. Broke another punching bag-sorry.” He mumbles sheepishly.  Tony just laughs, leaning back to look at his face searchingly.
” Tony sputters, and Steve points at the sign with the names of the prizes scrawled in haphazard handwriting.
“I want-” Tony says slowly. “I want you to come in me then, make a mess of me.” Steve can't believe him.
Saturday turns out to be an exercise in frustration. Their date starts out well enough. Tony is gorgeous in a deep blue suit, having just come back from an obscenely early meeting with the board. He tucks a single red rose behind Steve's ear when he leans up to kiss him in greeting. Steve is so charmed and besotted he almost forgets to give Tony his own gift; a bouquet of Ambrosia and Alstroemeria flowers in bright vibrant colors. He can hear his own heart pounding away as Tony holds the blooms and looks up at him as if they could skip the date and crawl into bed together instead. He doesn't make the offer though, instead seeking out a vase so they won't wilt.  After that he drives them to the museum in a sleek silver Audi with enough rumbling bass to impress the most finicky of car enthusiasts.  Sitting next to him in the car, watching the city go by, Steve is struck by the urge to paint him yet again.
“Why, you like to feel like you belong old man?” Tony asks, a broad cheeky smile dimpling his cheeks.
When he emerged from his room,  Tony was sitting out in the living area in a button up shirt, dress slacks, and a Seahawks tie.  He had the elegant briefcase from the car in his hand, and he was wearing the cufflinks.  Steve felt his heart rate kick up again.  He smiled wide upon catching sight of Steve, and then guided him down to the lobby with a warm gloved hand pressed to the small of Steve’s back.  It was a sweet gesture, like something a fella might do for another while out on a date.  Steve was sure his ears were a little pink the entire walk over to the stadium.
“So then he has no one taking care of him?  Not uh, not that he can't it's just, you know, you're around him all the time,"  Steve trails off, looking sheepish and more than a little shy, and Tony is not at all sure what to make of where this conversation could possibly go. "He works a lot, don't think I've ever seen him come in here and eat a full meal.” Steve says, unknowingly dragging Tony out of his thoughts. Tony is going to get emotional whiplash from this conversation, he just knows it.
Next week rolls around both more quickly and more slowly than he anticipated; the New Year coming and going without Steve even registering it has passed.  Without Tony in the Tower to plan the party, none of the Avengers had really felt like throwing a party; least of all Steve. He supposes it probably has something to do with the low level anxiety constantly simmering in the back of his mind. He's had many nights to think over what could happen if this goes wrong, but Steve is notorious for his stubborn demeanor for a reason; he just hopes he won't lose his best friend in the whole world if this all goes south.
They speak every night, all through the day, sometimes Steve will be sleeping only to wake to the sound of Tony's harsh breathing. The time alone is not doing him well. It's dragging at him, wearing on his ability to sleep, on everything.
have great taste in facial hair.” Only Steve's arms around him keep Tony from wandering out of the room. Steve snorts, lifting him up so his feet dangle; getting a very gentle kick to the shin for his efforts.
Dangerous does not even begin to describe Tony Stark. He thinks, even in his own mind he sounds resigned.
Steven Rogers smiles, extending a large hand to Pepper first, much to Tony’s pleasure. Only the best men recognize her, treating her as the badass she is rather than beautifully wrapped arm candy. “It’s lovely to meet you, Miss Potts. You too, Mr Stark. I admire your work in the energy sector.” His voice is deep. It matches the currant colour of his lapels. Okay, so maybe he's a bit more poetic than Tony gives himself credit for. After shaking Pepper’s hand, Steven turns his attention to Tony. He shakes his hand, and Tony is surprised to find calluses brushing against his own rough palm. He takes in account Steven’s impressive build and rethinks his surprise. “Steve Rogers.”
"Fine arts. You know, painting, sculpture, drawing..." he trailed off with a sigh. "It's nice, I suppose. Just not where I thought my life was headed."
"Did you plan on staying in the military for your entire career?" Tony asked. Steve's expression fell slightly, and Tony winced internally at his misstep.
“Yes!” buff Andrew replied, sticking out his hand. He grinned ear to ear. God, even his teeth were perfect. What happened to the boy that was fine eating nothing but pickles for a week if they were the only thing they had left in the dorm? This man looked like he had caviar and truffles injected into his bloodstream for meals. “I know, I look a bit different. I lost a couple of pounds, improved my diet and finally put those degrees to use and started my own company! What about you? How have you been conquering the world?” Andrew winked at his last sentence. He was referencing to what their economics professor had said to them every time he ended class: "And now go, my children, and change to world!"
Tony hesitated, glancing around the penthouse. "Just..." His eyes landed on something, and he pocketed it quickly. "Alright. Fine. Let's go."
Howard was jostled out of line by a couple behind him who held out their tickets impatiently. He sighed and watched as people passed by him and into the stadium, already packed with soccer fans. There went that plan. Guess he’d have to find something else to do with his day. He faced the street, already getting annoyed at the thought of having to hail yet another cab and frustrated at having wasted nearly an hour.
“Use that big brain you tell everyone you have for once, Tony,” says Natasha, her head propped up on red tipped fingernails. “Have you ever seen him before today?”
Fury nodded. A couple of years ago, the board had decided to include women in the league because, as Tony had put it, "Why not?" It had been a close vote, the board split 6 for and 5 against. The modern age is not that modern.
Andrew motioned to the seat two down from the friendly man and Howard sat down as well. “Isn’t it a bit early?” he whispered to Andrew as the man waved down a server to order.
Halfway through his four years at MIT, Howard and Maria Stark died in a freak accident. It shook the nation, and all eyes turned to Anthony Edward Stark, heir to the legacy of a lifetime. Tony did what he had to. He let his father’s people run the league and the teams his father owned or managed while he finished up at MIT and then took over the day after graduation. He moved to Malibu, where his father’s favourite and best performing team was localized and watched over them while he acted as CEO and chairman to the league.
She looked at him with scrutiny before abandoning the task with a sigh. They headed towards the elevator together, descending to the fourth floor, where the 7th Annual Stark Charity Gala was in full swing in the ballroom of Stark Tower. The decorators had done an excellent job, and Tony marvelled at how they'd transformed the modern space into an old fashioned vision straight out of the forties. It looked vaguely inspired by USO parties, with a couple of red, white and blue banners draped across chandeliers. Tony watched as guests helped themselves to American delicacies served by vested waiters and posed in front of a backdrop in their period-appropriate clothes.
She grinned like a shark. Paired with her immaculate hair and elegant dress, it was slightly unsettling. "You're nervous!" Her grin melted into a softer smile, and she reached forward to fix his tie, smoothing down the front of his suit with the palm of her hand. "That's good, Tony. It means you care."
"Tony Stark," said Fury. Steve looked like he was all ears as he scanned Tony's bio. "Right mid, big ego and lots of cash. You know the deal." Fury skipped to the next slide.
"Have you two ever introduced yourselves before?" snarked Nick Fury. Both men looked over at him. Nick was leaning back in his rolling chair, looking like he wanted to leave even though the meeting hadn't even started yet. "You're supposed to say your own name. If you keep introducing each other press junkets are going to be a nightmare."
“Do I look alright, Tony?” asks Pepper, drawing his attention away from the beauty that is the mysterious Steven Rogers. Pepper looks ravishing as always, and he tells her this. He’s rewarded with a pleased smile that he returns as he hooks his arm through hers and makes the final few steps towards the beautiful man he’s been watching all night.
“Oh you know,” said Howard, somewhat hesitantly. He shook Andrew's hand, wincing a little at his strong grip. “This and that. I got married,” he suggested. Marriage was usually something the Andrew’s of the world found exciting. He was right.
“He only just arrived. How was I supposed to know he was coming?” replies Natasha, flicking her red hair over her shoulder. She’s back to people watching, cool eyes flicking from one multi-millionaire to the next. Her rings twinkle on her fingers, the remnants of past marriages she escaped alive and at least a few cool millions richer. Couldn’t say the same for her late husbands.
Tony pulled out his smartphone, pulling up YouTube and typing "Crossbar Challenge" into the search bar. He scrolled through the first couple until he found one with 10,000 views featuring a twenty something year-old about to strike a soccer ball towards an open net. Tony swiped up and the video projected itself onto the screen.
"And what are you going to do about it, coach?" replied Steve. Man, for a Commando this guy had a mouth on him.
"Steve, you want to present this next one?" asked Fury as he switched to a picture of a shaggy looking man. Tony missed Romanoff.
“The pleasure was all mine, Tony,” replies Steve, casting one last look at Tony before walking away. Abort mission. Tony doesn’t still got it. Steve on the other hand. Steve can, like, get it (as the kids say).
Howard stiffened. He hated that question. No matter how intelligent, charismatic or funny you were, the only thing that mattered was how much money you were making to people like Michael and Andrew, for that matter. They wanted to know everything about your company, especially how well it was doing and if it was the top in its field, so that they could pitch you an offer to buy it up next week. Friends weren’t friends to these people. They were connections.
"What's the 'Crossbar Challenge'?" asked Steve, squinting to read the title of the video. Tony didn't reply.
Tony smiled, clasping Steve's large, warm hand in his. He stared at Steve's face as he did, searching for some sort of sign.
As Howard watched, he felt himself being sucked in. The enthusiasm of the crowd, the caliber of skill being demonstrated and the sheer excitement of it all pulled him to the edge of his seat. He watched, entranced. At halftime, Andrew turned to him. The score was nil, but the entire crowd was sure at least one goal would be scored before the game's end.
“No, no, not yet," he chuckled awkwardly. "And uh, we’re actually in New York right now. What about you?”
“Oh, well actually, I was wondering if it would be possible to purchase tickets...now. See, I didn’t know about the game until today-” stammered out Howard.
Tony shuffled his feet. He couldn't bring himself to look up at Steve's face, which was probably wrought with pity. Wasn't that what he wanted, though? For his sob story to convince Steve to let him sponsor the band out of pity?
"Tony! It's been so long!" exclaimed Justin Hammer, hand poised to shake. Tony made a noise in the back of his throat. Great.
He was on the cover of the Time a few times. The first was released the day after he took over as acting president of the league, also known as the day he was named Time's Person of the Year. It had a picture of him with the his father’s advisor, Obadiah Stane (who has since been shunned from the soccer world after trying to kill Tony to take over as CEO), standing slightly in the background. The second was when he’d been kidnapped by terrorists demanding him to recreate a functioning version of a missile that he'd created in college. The details were never released to the public, mainly since Tony had succeeded in creating a missile and had used it to blow up the terrorists’ home base. It was not something he was proud of, and had cringed when he’d seen his face on the copy they’d sent him. His third cover was released two days ago, after The Avengers were revealed to the public.
"Moving on," said Fury, clicking away from Strange. The equally as intimidating face of a long-haired blond man with bright blue eyes peered down at them. "Thor Odinson. Tony poached him from a team in Scandinavia. A bit eccentric."
“Sure,” replied Howard, lying to Andrew’s sculpted face. His mustache itched, and he resisted the urge to give it a scratch.
She shrugged. “You just look rather confused, that’s all. I guess pubs aren’t as popular in America?”
Tony watched as Steve read Bruce's bio. One of his eyebrows was raised, probably in disbelief. He turned to read it for himself, even though he knew Bruce well.
Andrew shrugged. “Drinking culture is very different here,” he replied. “You get used to it.” Andrew raised his voice a bit so that the man could hear him. “Howard, this is Michael Orville. He owns a company that’s been trying to buy me out for the last year and is only sweet to me to finally get me to cave.”
“Him.” Natasha follows his eyes as a man places a hand on the short woman’s shoulder. Grubens straightens. To anyone else, Grubens would look perfectly at ease, with his loose tie and devilish smile. But Tony has seen that expression too many times in the mirror. He knows that Grubens has found himself in a sticky situation he’d very much like to slip out of.
“Why’s that?” Michael leaned forward in his seat. The crowd cheered, and they turned to look as supporters unfurled a massive English flag. Michael put two fingers in his mouth and whistled.
Tony rolled his eyes, but obliged, clicking the next suggested video. This time, a woman in her thirties took the challenge, talking to the camera for a whopping three minutes before actually kicking the ball.
"Nonsense. Steve doesn't accept requests unless he knows it's a good cause. He must've seen something in you or your charity if he's here tonight," she replied, nonchalant as she leaned against one of the raised tables. The song currently playing ended and Tony and Peggy watched as Steve and Natasha switched places. Natasha plucked a few notes and Peggy lit up. "Oh! I love this song. Come dance with me, Tony."
Tony took a deep breath, looking away from Steve to make steady eye contact with the tiled floor. "When I was a kid, my father wasn't exactly, ah...around much. It sucked, not having someone to brag to when I won awards or to go to when I got my heart broken. My mother was there, and she did her best, but I was always set on getting his approval. He was a genius, dear old dad, so I thought that maybe if I got to be as smart as him, he'd at least treat me as one of his peers instead of the dog that'd gotten underfoot. So I worked my ass off and made invention after invention, but Howard never so much as glanced my way unless it was to look at the work I was doing, which I thought meant he finally proud of me. I was elated, hanging on to his every word whenever he bothered to speak to me rather than conveying messages through assistants, employees or my own mother. Though he was in the workshop a lot, Howard spent more time in foreign countries than he did at home."
" Tony felt like Steve was singing just to him, and he basked in the feeling. It felt like standing outside on a warm summer's day, the sun's rays on your face.
Half an hour (the mysterious woman hadn’t lied, but traffic had doubled the travel time and tariff) later, Howard stepped out onto a busy street packed with people dressed in jerseys similar to those that he’d seen at The Three Lions. As he walked towards the entrance of the stadium, he noted that a handful of the crowd were wearing blue jerseys. The woman had mentioned that the game was England against the world, so he assumed that these were “the world’s” supporters. He stepped into the queue, waiting patiently for his turn. Those around him, however, were not as welcome to the idea. They cursed and grumbled about the wait, but he stayed silent, occasionally checking the time on his old pocket watch. What time was this game supposed to start, anyway?
Tony frowns. “What museums do you have pieces in? Pepper, you’re always saying I should get out more. I should go see them.” Tony waits for Steve to name one of the bigger Manhattan galleries with the kind of clientele that Tony would rather shove his head into a toilet then meet. Pepper usually prefers modern art, but Steve doesn’t seem like that kind of artist. The artists he’d met at one of the aforementioned Manhattan galleries had spoken in rhymes and worn thousand dollar berets. Ugh. Fake-French Hipsters. The worst kind.
"Why? You knew he was coming," said Fury. He leaned over and grabbed a remote sitting in the middle of the table. He pointed it towards the large screen at the front of the room, bringing it to life. A handful of faces with expressions ranging from terrified to terrifying popped up. He gestured to the empty chairs around the table. "Have a seat."
Tony waved him off. "Don't worry, mother's dismissed me. I'm free to go wherever I please, and the bar's calling my name," he suggested, an eyebrow raised in Steve's direction. "I think I can hear it." He cupped his hands to his mouth and echoed quietly, "Tony! Tony!"
