Bagel - 200
Jody was present more than Donna due to Donna still helping with her mother more often than not, and she had made sure to bring food in with her every single chance she’d gotten. If it wasn’t fresh donuts every morning, it was cookies or brownies or something ridiculously sweet that smelled amazing, and twisted Dean’s insides into knots.
Dean let out an exaggerated sigh this time. “Dude, it’s fine, alright? Quit making this weird.”
“Why does anyone do it?” Jody shrugged as she pulled ingredients to make a salad out of the fridge.
Chapter 4 : Can't Love Me - (featuring Tyler Blackburn) Novi
Cas nodded and finally opened his eyes, a stray tear escaping past his lashes and trickling down his cheek. Dean swiped it away with the pad of his thumb, and leaned in and kissed him again.
But that was before…
“I see, and who’s this?” she asked, looking over at Sam.
“Let’s give him the option on whether or not he really wants to. That way it won't feel so forced,” Donna stated, and Jody couldn’t help but grin. “What?” Donna asked, blushing slightly as she started to cut the cooling food.
S*P*N
Sam could feel the anger building, and he wasn’t quite sure why. He stood up, taking the notebook with him and began to pace back and forth, rereading each entry.
At the mention of his husband’s name, an indescribable expression overtook Dean’s face. He looked almost lost for a moment, as though it were taking him longer to understand Sam’s words before realization struck him and an odd and very minute smile struck up the corners of his lips before disappearing just as quickly as it had come.
to be okay, she knew he wasn’t.
“What did you do, just sit at home at eat the entire time I was gone? I’m surprised you were even able to make it out of the house.” The pure disdain that dripped from Cas’s tongue forced fresh tears to his eyes, though they were far from the tears of happiness that he’d first shed.
The voice pulled Sam from his train of thought, eyes widening when he realized that his brother was now standing mere feet away from him, green eyes set aglow with anger and confusion.
“I don’t like her,” Dean replied casually, keeping his gaze fixed on the passing road as he folded his arms across his chest.
was situated near a busy shopping plaza, which helped bring in business, but it being 7:30 on a Saturday morning, everything was quiet, only a few cars in the nearby parking lot.
“You okay?” Cas asked as he slipped on his coat, a hint of worry swimming in his blue eyes. “You seem…far away, I suppose.”
“You’re going to miss your appointment, and you know how Donna gets when you put things off,” he stated, earning an eye roll from the smaller woman.
“Yes, you two make yourselves comfortable while I go put this up for safe keeping until everything’s ready,” Donna stated, and disappeared into the kitchen.
“Because every time I look in the mirror, I see the truth, and even though the numbers on the scale keep getting lower and lower, my reflection never changes. Even though I can count every single rib with my fingertips, and keep having to make holes in my belt, all I see is a disgusting, lazy pig who shouldn’t be allowed around a refrigerator let alone food in general. Sometimes, my stomach hurts so bad because I haven’t eaten in days, but every time I look down at myself, all I see is it hanging over my jeans and I hate it! I fucking hate it! I fucking hate me!”
“Will do,” Dean replied with a stiff wave, and quickly made his escape down an isle. He breathed out a sigh of relief as his feet carried him to the front of the store and towards a checkout line. His heart was still beating a little fast, but it began to calm as he stood in line, moving the basket from one hand to another until it had moved far enough that he could place his items on the conveyor belt.
“I turned it up to 75, is that okay?” he asked as he took of his jacket and hung it up next to hers.
“I’m good. And yourself?” Dean returned, swallowing thickly as he nonchalantly tossed the plastic container of strawberries into his basket like they were nothing (even though they were ninety calories
And he knew from the consistent beeping noise that was bordering on the edges of his hearing that was he in the latter.
“Are you fucking kidding me? I’m just fucking fine!” he all but screamed right in Castiel’s face, showering him with bits of spittle that had managed to escape past his lips.
Cas glanced over at him as he passed out, uncertainty snaking over his shadowed features. He forced the feeling down along with the guilt that he knew should be clear and present, but wasn’t.
“Everything smells heavenly,” Dean commented and pulled out two beers, handing one to Jody and taking one for himself. He leaned against the counter and removed the top. “Do you need any help with anything?” he asked, then took a sip. He savored the taste, letting the liquid roll around in his mouth before swallowing it, knowing it would be awhile before he’d allow himself to have another.
“I’ve given you twenty! That should’ve been enough!” Cas replied, exiting the bedroom and heading towards the bathroom.
They slid down with ease as he bent down further until he was on his knees, with Dean’s back up against the stove. He ran his fingertips down Dean’s sides, lightly scraping the skin until he reached his boxers (recently acquired
How could this be?
That was clear as day.
He was two pounds from his goal weight, but a nagging voice in the back of his head told him that he could do better than that.
“You can make anything weird, Sam. It’s like your gift or something. Aside from the fact at how well you can argue. Now, that part of your personality is what
And just as fast as it had went away, the anxiety rushed right back like a tidal wave trying to pull him under.
He exited the bathroom and went in search of Cas. Luckily, it didn’t take long to find him. He was in Dean’s former spot at the bar, smiling politely and patiently listening to Master Chief Shurley.
He just needed to lose a little more, and then he’d stop. Was 125 really
Cas turned the heat on full blast as he started it up, glancing apologetically at Dean once again.
Chapter 7 : Night Moves - Bob Seger
and stirred something on the stove, his hips swaying slightly to the music.
As the fog of exhaustion slowly lifted from his mind, raised voices from inside the house finally caught his attention.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
“Probably a good idea,” Cas agreed with a nod. “Master Chi—”
“Go,” Cas stated, voice gravelly and commanding as ever.
“Jack, it was a joke,” Dean explained with a small smile.
Sam couldn’t help the immediate blur of his vision at those words, his eyes welling up once more with tears. It took a minute to swallow back the lump in his throat and blink the salty substance out of his eyes. “Thanks, Dean. That means a lot.”
“French silk pie,” Dean said without even needing to be questioned from Cas. “They’d just gotten a fresh batch in when I was there so I thought I’d give it a shot.”
“Wait, you
“Chief Novak, this is Master Chief Shurley. Please report to my office immediately,” the other man ordered.
Now that his face was only inches from Dean’s, he finally took a minute to study his husband, really, truly look at him.
Chapter 7 : Night Moves - Bob Seger
It was a barely noticeable grunt, but the pain that managed to escape Dean’s lips was clear and present in Castiel’s ears.
Terrible, horrible, delicious food that currently smelled so good it made his eyes water. He peered up at the
Dean laughed and shook his head. “I’m good, thanks. I can set the table though —“
A hint of water glossed Sam’s eyes, and he immediately felt ridiculous. His plan was to come here to see his brother, not ball his eyes out within minutes of seeing him again because he’d been cheated on. He swallowed thickly and cleared his throat. “I’ve been dealing with it, Dean.”
“You need to take a break every now and then,” Cas chided gently, and took a bite out of the now cool but still crisp bacon.
“That is definitely on my list. I absolutely loved
Cas stared at him, blue eyes sparkling before shaking his head. He bit his bottom lip and tried to steel himself for what was to come, but the worried expression that was now on Dean’s face told him he had done a shitty job of it. “We-we need to talk,” he finally managed to get out, and Dean immediately turned the burner off and headed towards him.
Until it wasn’t.
Cas sighed as he entered their home, thankful that after his three week training course in San Diego, he was finally back. He was ten years into his naval career, and had just made chief. The promotion gave him a decent pay raise, but he hated being away from Dean for so long. They’d managed to call and text each other when they could, but his training took up most of his time and it didn’t help that Dean was working overtime at the bookstore either.
“I have a belt that works just fine,” Dean replied offhandedly and pressed play, then leaned back into Cas’s solid chest as the show started.
Dean was cold practically all the time now, a fact that he was less than proud of. He figured he should’ve put on one more layer, but didn’t want to look too out of place at dinner, although he did it most days at the bookstore now.
he thought bitterly, and exited the bathroom.
Their first kiss had taken place three months after their initial meeting, and sparks had literally flown when their lips had touched, both pulling apart briefly to laugh at the static shock that had zapped them.
He laid back onto the mattress, remnants of the nightmare flashing past closed eyelids. He bit his bottom lip and carefully laid his hand upon his chest. He could feel the bones there, just underneath his skin, their presence a minute comfort in the wake of his dream.
He dug into his food, listening as Hannah and Dean discussed a book that had recently been released.
“You’re not alone in this, and you are always welcome at our house if you ever get lonely, okay?” she added, placing her hand on his knee and giving it a small squeeze.
“Anything else?” she inquired, still in that same soft-spoken tone. She smiled warmly at him, waiting patiently for his response.
Not to the extent Sam was doing anyway.
It was hard for him to look at Dean right now. He knew that he needed to, but fuck, was it hard. He took in a breath and steeled his gaze back onto his brother.
The question itself was simple, and the answer that he gave matched it, but what he was truly feeling was anything but.
The question caught Cas off guard, and he shrugged. “Um, not really, sir. Just going to spend it with my husband and a few friends, I suppose,” Cas answered carefully.
Chapter 6 : Redbone - Childish Gambino
He threw the lid into the trash and dug into the creamy, chocolaty goodness, savoring the chunks of brownie amongst chocolate chips and caramel syrup. Bite after heavenly bite, he swallowed it down, doing his best to ignore the fullness in his stomach.
“Dean, what happened to you?” Cas’s deep voice cut through his thoughts.
“I missed you,” Dean murmured in his ear, breath tickling it ever so lightly and that’s when Cas realized it sounded deeper and more nasally than it usually did.
“You do make me happy,” the darker haired man reassured, squeezing his hand tighter.
“So, I was thinking…maybe you could make a list of some titles that we don't carry that you think might be popular and could start to. How's that sound?” she asked, hoping it would put some type of spark back into his eyes. Maybe just keeping him busy would help out some, she hoped.
“Ten miles, huh? Is that something you like to do on a daily basis?” she inquired off-handedly as though she were asking about the weather, and he shrugged.
“Dean, how many times do I have to tell you, it’s –”
Seeing that it was almost noon, he decided that breakfast would instead be lunch. Upon opening the fridge, he noted that everything in it was healthy. From salad mix to fruits and vegetables, there wasn’t a single item in it that made him believe his brother had actually stocked the thing himself.
“You gonna tell me what happened or just leave me hanging?” Dean asked, sending continuous glances his way.
Cas wasn’t sure how many beers later it was before he realized he was drunk, buzzed-thirty having passed hours before. He had walked to the bar but was thankful for the offer for a ride home from Gad. They said their good-byes to the other men, and climbed into Gad’s black Silverado.
“He’ll be back before you know it,” Sam reassured matter-of-factly.
Salad -30
Dean swallowed thickly, the black dots growing larger by the second. He opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out. The next thing he knew, the black dots had consumed his vision entirely and he was falling to the floor, consciousness leaving him in its wake.
He quickly slipped on his boots, then went over to the closet and pulled out one of Cas’s old hoodies. It was black and had a small golden pair of angels wings adorning the top of both sleeves. He slipped it on and zipped it up, surprised that it fit with plenty of room. He couldn’t help but sniff the inside of it, it smelling like Cas even after not having been worn for a few years at least. Satisfied, he went downstairs and grabbed his keys and headphones, then went out the door, making sure to lock it behind him.
He cleared his throat, hating the awkward tension that enveloped them currently. Castiel took a reluctant step forward, footfalls quickly halting at the sound of Dean’s voice.
It took a moment to register, as he made his way up the few stairs to the house, that there was a vehicle that he didn’t recognize parked in the driveway. He paused for a moment, keys dangling from his fingertips and stared at it.
Apple – 80 calories
Sam wiped his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Yeah, gotta make sure you see our beautiful faces one last time before you hit the road,” Gabriel chimed in with a sad grin.
How many steps he had taken that day -
“This needs to be said before you go in there,” she stated, turning around to face him, gaze firm and unfaltering. “Your husband is very sick. Most people like him let their illness go untreated because they believe that eating disorders are things that only teenage girls get, but that’s far from the case. I’ve been a nurse for over twenty years, and I can tell you now that if he doesn’t get the help he needs soon, it won’t end well.”
do this.
For that, Cas was actually kind of thankful. He could see just how flat Dean’s stomach was with the way he was laying now, and he couldn’t help but run a hand down his side, fingertips sliding down clothed ribs that were much easier to feel than before.
He leaned against the counter until it was done, checking his texts and emails until the device dinged. The bowl was warm, but not too hot, so he carried it carefully into the living room and sat down on the couch.
“Fuck,” Dean muttered and made sure the call had ended before he set the phone down on the counter. He raised his glasses up and rested them on his top of his head, then dug the heels of his hands into his eyes. “Fucking Claire and that goddamned Facebook bullshit,” he grumbled, letting his glasses fall back into place as he repocketed his phone.
Cas took a breath and stood up, pushing the office chair under the desk.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
Never one to be late, Cas showed up exactly on time, a few of the guys already there at their usual table. “Sup, buddy?” Gad asked, handing him a beer as he sat down. “Glad to be back?”
Dean had considered telling him what he overheard but thought better about it. Cas seemed content for now, and that was all that really mattered to him.
Everything was fine until he stood back up.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
She was still a few good miles away from work when she happened to spot one of her employees with their hands shoved deep into the pockets of their black jacket trudging down the street with a gray backpack slung over one shoulder. She quickly slowed down and pulled over, rolling down the window as he got near.
“Fuck me, chief,” he murmured, and Cas forced down an involuntary shiver.
“Are you sure? You’re looking kind of —“
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
“Guess so,” Dean mumbled with a sigh, shifting slightly when Cas wrapped his other arm around him.
Dean smiled tiredly at him with half-lidded eyes as they continued down the highway, eyes slowly sliding shut the further they drove. “Gonna get smaller for you, Cas,” the drunken thoughts tumbled from his lips. “Gonna make you even happier…”
“I think you missed your calling as a shrink,” Dean quipped, eyes glassy and a smirk on his lips.
“Just…give me a minute!” Dean returned, sounding frustrated. He’d been holed up in the bathroom for almost thirty minutes and Cas was simultaneously worried and just a few more minutes shy of being irritated.
Dean Winchester did
“Aright, well, guys I really can’t thank you enough for tonight. I mean it,” Cas said with a nod, and cleared his throat. Dean could see his eyes begin to water, and could feel his doing the same.
“I don’t forget things because I’m not an old man!” she shot back, and Dean shook his head.
“How much did you weigh before?”
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
“Hi,” she said, and folded her hands in her lap shyly.
The thought spiraled around his brain as he glanced at the receptionist who was busy typing away, a mile a minute on her keyboard, fiery red hair shifting every so often as she reached for another file whilst still typing with her other hand.
He turned on his eighties playlist and began his walk, ignoring the echoes of pain that were emanating from his knees. He’d been walking at least seven to eight miles a day, and not taking a day off from it was starting to wear on his limbs. He chose to ignore the soreness, telling himself that he just needed new insoles and that he wasn’t wearing himself out, and continued with his walk.
Dean’s stomach growled loudly in response, and he could feel his face redden as they both glanced up at him. He shook his head but reluctantly took a seat. He pealed open the plastic that was encasing the turkey and swiss, hands shaking ever so slightly. He stubbornly took a bite and chewed, annoyed gaze finally landing on Jack who was now staring at him expectantly. “What?” he asked and reluctantly swallowed the food.
“Didn’t want…you to see me like this,” Dean finally confessed.
“What in the hell is wrong with you?”
Dean sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose with his index finger and thumb. “I’m fine, Sammy. It’s just…”
He’d always had a very easy-going personality, it being one of the main reasons why she’d hired him in the first place three years previous. But lately, he’d been quiet and withdrawn, nary speaking a word to anyone except for customers. She knew how hard it was to be separated from Donna, but they’d never been apart for longer than a week or two at a time. It was clear that he was not taking being by himself very well at all.
“So, even though the scale tells you that you’re underweight, and a fairly baseless chart on the internet tells you you’re underweight, you believe that you’re in fact, not. Correct?”
The second thing that struck him, was the man that was standing next to his brother’s car.
“Please listen to me. Please,” Sam begged, voice broken and worn. “Please stop, Dean. I don’t want you to die,” and a sob escaped his lips. It wasn’t long before he felt thin arms wrap around him, a cool hand cupping the back of his head gently as ever.
He made quick work of slamming the bedroom door behind them, heart thumping in his chest as he tossed Dean onto the bed, fingers ready and willing to strip the man of any and all clothes on him. The noise that Dean made, however, when his body hit the bed stopped Castiel in his tracks.
“Hey,” he greeted with an unsure smile filled with dread. Had Cas heard him? Did he know?
“Dean…” Cas’s voice held a hint of warning to it, mixed with concern.
,” she added, throwing on the fake smile again and exiting the room.
“You okay?” he whispered in his ear, and Dean nodded in response, forcing his lips to turn upwards in some semblance of a smile.
“You’re welcome,” she replied and headed back out to the sales floor. Her worry for him niggled at the back of her mind throughout the rest of the day, even though he
(See the end of the chapter for
He stopped by the dresser once more and grabbed a pair of Deadpool socks and sat down on the bed and quickly pulled them on. He went back into the bathroom, going through his usual routine of brushing his teeth and combing his hair. It had thinned a bit in recent months, but he did his best to ignore that fact and finished by adding a touch of gel to it. Once he was satisfied with the results, he went downstairs and over to the couch, sitting down long enough to slip his shoes on and slide his phone into his pocket, then he was off to the kitchen.
“No wonder he wants me to lose weight…” he murmured to himself, staring at his reflection in the mirror. He’d definitely gained weight since they’d been together, at least fifteen pounds or so. He poked at his stomach, watching his finger sink into the flesh there. “How could I not have noticed this before?” he wondered aloud, pinching at what he believed to be a love handle.
Thankfully, he was engrossed in the pages of a book, using one hand to hold down the page he was reading while the other had a fork in it.
Cas sucked down each and every last drop of cum before standing back up and bringing his lips again up to Dean’s ear. “Table. Now,” he commanded, and Dean stepped out of his pants and boxers and dutifully obeyed him. Cas opened the cupboard and retrieved the jar of coconut oil, unscrewing the lid as he walked over to Dean who was ready and waiting for him, knees bent and hands braced on the heavy mahogany table with his ass up in the air.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
Dean knew. It had been almost four years since his last and final attempt to give them a chance at being in his life.
S*P*N
“We just want to make sure that you’re okay. You’ve been acting…different lately,” Jack stated, nodding to himself as he found the right words.
It took him a moment to reply, his tongue not wanting to respond to his brain’s commands.
He closed the refrigerator door and checked the cupboards instead, finding mostly more of the same with one exception, Chef Boyardee Ravioli. Sam couldn’t help but chuckle at his find, not having consumed any of it since he was a kid. He wondered if Dean hadn’t bought it specifically for him, it being one of the only things Dean could make for him when they were younger, and Dean had been stuck making dinner.
“Hey stranger, forgot my keys,” she said, greeting him with a smile and pulling him into a hug despite his hesitance. He returned the gesture though, humoring the shorter woman.
Chapter 9 : She Wants To Know - Half Moon Run
“Oh, thank God,” Dean mumbled as two other customers came through the door. If they stayed busy enough, he wouldn’t have to hear their teenage mouths ask too many questions or make oblivious comments about things they knew nothing about. Although, he honestly couldn’t remember when the last time he ate was…
“You’re getting a reprieve solely for the fact that you brought that,” she stated flatly before she winked at him and gave him a half hug.
Her voice was soft as she spoke, with a tinge of a midwestern accent. “What can I get you, hun?” she asked.
Cas glanced down at the conveniently located tag that was by the zipper and paused. “Dean, these aren’t your pants. They’re a pair of my old dress ones from years ago.”
That thought mortified him. There was no way they could do that to him, could they?
“Dean?” he asked quizzically as Dean wrapped his arms around his shoulders.
Once the jeans were removed and folded neatly on the nightstand, he unzipped the hoodie which he realized was his (his eyes finally having adjusted to the darkness). Removing it wasn’t as easy as the pants, but Cas managed to do so without any fuss from Dean. He had to have been exhausted himself as he hadn’t so much as stirred in the slightest.
Jody almost dropped the carafe, trying desperately to school the look of shock on her face into one of neutrality.
He’d agreed to meet Dean outside of the airport, as his brother wasn’t too fond of airports or flying for that matter. He’d always wondered how he’d managed to make it on the international flights whenever he’d traveled with Castiel, alcohol more than likely involved in the equation.
“Chief Novak, please, have a seat,” Shurley offered, gesturing towards one of the chairs that was in front of his desk.
he thought, but thinking it and being able to accomplish it were two completely different things.
He looked hesitant but nodded. “If it gets busy, just let me know.”
“Stuff?” Cas answered with a shrug of his shoulders.
in dark blue lettering.
“Once the IV is empty, yes,” she replied, voice tinted with resignation. After a few moments of silence, she added, “I’ll be expecting your call.” Her words were followed by her footfalls as she quietly exited the room.
Dean chuckled and sat down his sandwich. “Are you really going to psychoanalyze me like that?” he asked incredulously.
fine today. Gad really got his hands on a looker, that’s for sure.”
Cas was sure that in the last five weeks, Dean had lost almost fifteen to twenty pounds. He couldn’t help but wonder what he’d look like if he’d lost fifteen to twenty more.
He was fine, why didn’t they get that?
kept whispering in the back of her mind, and she couldn’t help but wonder just how true they might be.
“What?” Dean shrugged innocently. “I was just stating a fact.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Every teenager that’s ever been to a party has,” Dean replied, taking out some of their membership card applications and setting them on the counter.
and time to get up. When he opened his eyes, he realized that his glasses had somehow managed to ease themselves away from his face while he was sleeping, leaving nothing but fuzziness to surround him while he blindly searched for not only them, but his phone as well.
He’d been trying to be strong and not let how badly Cas’s impending departure was wearing on him, but the more he thought about it, the more it hurt. Tears cascaded down his thin cheeks, dampening Cas’s t-shirt. Before long, a sob escaped his lips and he felt Cas hold him tighter.
“I don’t watch too much TV. In fact, I don’t really watch any at all. My mom’s a nurse, you know that. She tells me about work sometimes.”
unhealthy?
“Are you sure —“
“You – you look different,” Cas stated flatly, brow lowered in what Dean could only presume to be disgust.
Without giving it a second thought, Castiel made quick work of lifting Dean into his arms, his dick growing harder by the second at just how light Dean was. The boost of adrenaline was nice, but he didn’t need it as he rushed down the hall, strong hands almost completely wrapped around Dean’s thin waist.
Cas was almost done filing the last of his reviews when the phone on his desk rang. He ran a hand through his hair and answered.
“Thanks,” Dean replied, his concentration on navigating through the heavy traffic that was coming in and out of the parking lot.
“Why would he do that to himself though?” Donna wondered aloud, brow drawn in confusion as she turned the oven off. “I mean, he’s quite a looker, ya know?”
“About what?” Dean asked absentmindedly as he walked back to the storage room, Jack following close behind with his now empty box.
“It says here that you were brought in due to sudden loss of consciousness. So, why’d you faint, Dean?” Her dark eyes bore into his, and he immediately felt the urge to jump into defensive mode, but Ellen’s words kept him at bay.
Winter was in full force, the sky already dark at five o’clock in the evening. It had snowed a couple of inches a few days previous, and the remnants of that storm still littered the ground.
“As much as I’d love to believe that bullshit, we both know it’s not true,” Dean stated, shoving his glasses back up to where they’d slid down to. Sam peered over at him in that instance, and his eyes widened when he noticed Dean’s wedding ring was missing.
Chapter 10 : Crystalised - The XX
He was pretty sure days didn’t get too much better than this.
The door to Dr. Anderson’s office opened and Dean’s eyes widened at the realization that the near-skeletal person leaving was none other than Anna, Gadreel’s wife. She was dressed in a form-fitting charcoal grey skirt and a long-sleeved black sweater, even though the temperature outside was in the nineties. Her legs and arms looked like toothpicks, and her face was pale and gaunt. Her hair was thin and dull, and Dean had just managed to force the look of surprise off his face when their eyes met.
His brow lowered for a moment, as he was rendered temporarily speechless. “I guess…I don’t believe it?” He sipped on the bottle of water, throat still on the wrong side of dry.
“It’s a little too cold out to be walking to work, don’t you think?” she asked, and when he shrugged noncommittally, she reached over and pushed open the door, not leaving him any room to say no to a ride. She watched as he sighed, his breath spiraling out in front of him as he begrudgingly accepted her offer and got into the car, setting the backpack on the floorboard in between his feet.
“Yes,” Dean nodded, slightly breathless, his own pupils blown in anticipation.
“I’ll get right on it!” Jack responded eagerly, heading towards the backroom to get them.
10,403 steps
“To us,” Cas said and raised his glass to Dean.
Cas felt a grin ease across his lips and wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist, lifting him up a few inches off the floor. His brow narrowed when he realized it was slightly easier than it had been in the past.
Without a word, he rushed out of the small diner and let his clammy limbs carry him a few blocks away to an alley where he quickly shoved his fingers down his throat as soon as he got the chance.
“Nice place,” Sam commented as he got out, retrieving his backpack from the back seat, then following Dean across the lawn and up the few steps that led to the entrance.
“I wish I could go with you,” Dean murmured in a small voice, swallowing thickly once more before letting his hands rest on top of Cas’s.
He felt Dean stiffen in his arms, and that’s when he realized his mistake.
Any trace of anger that Cas was feeling vanished, the look on Dean’s face breaking his heart. He quickly pulled the jeep over to the shoulder of the road, and hit the emergency lights. “Dean,” he said, gently cupping his husband’s cheek. “You are good enough for me, you
“No,” Dean interjected firmly. “You’re not quitting school, alright? Everything’s going to be alright.”
Dean stared straight ahead, jaw clenched in anger.
He was growing more and more uncomfortable as the seconds ticked by. This had definitely been a huge mistake.
“For…” Cas cut himself off, attempting to clear his throat and force away the lump that had managed to form in it. “For how long?” he finally managed to get out. Deployments could last anywhere from six months to two years, and he prayed for the former rather than latter.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” The anger was gone from his voice. Now it was laden with worry.
Thank you guys for the reviews and kudos! I'm sorry for taking so long to update. Between work and going out of town, it didn't leave me much time to write.
It was going to be a long year.
The smile, however pained it was, slid off of Dean’s face. He half- shrugged in response. “Miss me?”
Dean stared at him quizzically for a moment before asking, “Are you drunk?”
to admit the real reason why you’re in here is a completely different story. And that’s where Dr. B comes in. If you’re not honest with her, there’s a good chance she’s going to want to admit you. So, if I were you, you’d better keep any lie you’re preparing to tell tucked away and tell her the truth.”
“How much do you weigh, Dean?” she repeated expectantly, a pen and pad of paper seeming to appear out of nowhere in her hands. She tapped on the pad with the end of the pen in a rhythmic fashion, awaiting his answer.
, she couldn’t help but think as she watched him lean over, the outline of his ribs visible through all the layers he was wearing.
“I, uh, I got the promotion,” Cas replied, grim smile on his lips.
mug before pouring the rest into the caffeinated carafe. She started a second pot with decaf in it, knowing that only half of it would probably even get consumed, but she aimed to please as many customers as she could and out of the many, there were a few who actually enjoyed it. How, she didn’t understand, but still made it for them, nonetheless.
“Seatbelt,” she reminded after a few minutes, and felt a little satisfaction when she heard him shift and it click into place. “So…any reason why you decided to forgo driving?”
It was hard to tell just how much weight he’d lost, since it was winter, and he seemed to have at least three layers on at any given time now. If she’d had to wager a guess though, she suspected he’d dropped at least thirty to forty pounds, but the more she thought about it, it was probably more.
Taco salad – 400 calories
“I’ll be right back,” he whispered, but Dean was already asleep.
“Mr. Novak?”
“Things have been good,” he shrugged, continuously keeping himself busy and avoiding her questioning gaze.
He’d escaped both days by using work as an excuse, but Sam was ready and willing to present his argument as soon as Dean was back inside the house.
“Oh, really. Why don’t you name a few then?” the darker-haired man challenged playfully with a raised brow and a smirk on his lips.
And he didn’t, at least, not for a while anyway.
With reluctance, they soon found themselves loading up the Impala with Cas’s luggage, barely managing to fit everything in.
“You’re not on death’s door just yet, but you have one foot already crossing the threshold and I’m here to make sure both don’t make it over.”
“Just for the record,” Dean started, as he held out his hand to shake Kaia’s, “I’m only 26.”
“I see,” Dean mumbled, hands resting on his hips and Cas almost couldn’t take it. All he could do was stare at Dean’s waist, and how there was just a little less there than there used to be. “Why?”
“I make a mean mushroom risotto,” she informed him, stepping forward and elbowing him gently in the side. “You can try it whenever you like,” she added, toothy grin on her thin lips.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
“Cas and I used to come here all the time,” Dean explained as Sam followed him up front.
“You okay?” Cas whispered in Dean’s ear, concern marring his features.
The sounds of the flight attendant’s announcement roused Sam from his dozing state. He sat up straighter in his seat, his knees still digging into the seat in front of him. The cheap seats were definitely not made for people over six feet tall, that was for sure.
The ride home was a mostly silent one. Dean sat in the passenger seat, tired green eyes taking in everything they passed and ignoring everything inside of the vehicle. His body was lax in the seat, the exhaustion of the morning’s events showcasing itself in the way his head was positioned against the edge of the car seat and the window. Sam sat in the backseat, arms folded across his chest, and expression just as angry as the dark clouds that were forming in the sky, signaling the threat of an impending storm.
Half Turkey sandwich – 220 calories
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
“Well, that’s something,” Dean murmured, and Sam could see his jaw clench visibly underneath his skin. Their parents were a sore spot, Sam knew. He didn’t blame Dean one bit though. After the way they’d treated him when they found out he preferred boys over girls, Sam couldn’t quite figure out why he’d put up with them for as long as he had.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
He unlocked the front door and made his way into the kitchen, setting both bags on the large wooden table. He shrugged off his jacket and went back into the living room, hanging it up near the door then went back into the kitchen, a little voice in his head telling him that every step counted.
Cas quickly undressed down to his boxers, and slid under the covers as well. He laid on his side facing Dean and draped his arm around him, placing a protective hand on the dip of his stomach. He had almost drifted off when Dean rolled onto his side, and Cas scooted closer, wrapping his arm around him in the process. He fell asleep with thoughts of
Dean hated lying to him, hated it so much that it physically hurt sometimes, but he didn’t have the heart to tell him that his mind was mostly focused on what he could or couldn’t eat, or drink for that matter.
“Yes, yes, thank you, Dean!” Jack said nodding, an excited grin spreading across his face. “And I’m sorry for not calling or texting. I forgot my phone here last night,” he said, retrieving it from the charger underneath the front register.
“No, or the time you woke up naked on base and thought the lieutenant’s office was the head,” Gad said, barely able to contain his laughter.
131.2
A weak breeze blew past him as he trudged across the front lawn and he shivered in response, the cool, spring night air still holding a slight chill to it. That’s what he told himself anyway, completely ignoring the fact that the last time he’d glanced at his phone less than an hour before, it had said that it was still seventy-five degrees outside.
“I thought you weren’t due back for another two weeks,” he said as he pulled away, not missing the concerned expression on her face, but doing his best to ignore it.
He’d been so lost in thought that he’d driven right past their house and then some. He circled back and parked in the driveway, the frigid air hitting him before he even exited the jeep. He glanced up at the house, taking note that the lights were on and that meant that Dean was definitely home.
The windows were slightly fogged due to the humidity in the warm summer night air, and as he peered inside, he found the place nearly empty. There were two older gentlemen sitting at the counter, sipping coffee and flirting with the waitress who appeared to be taking their comments in stride, she not being too much younger than them.
“Uh, yeah, sounds great,” Sam replied with a nod, glancing at his brother once more out of the corner of his eye. He found himself biting his tongue, too afraid that some unintended question or jab would cause a blow up between them already.
.” Cas hurriedly slipped his cell phone and wallet into his suit jacket and pants pockets, respectively, and grabbed his keys from the key rack.
There was no way in hell he was ever coming back here.
“As strange as it may sound and I really can’t believe I’m saying this, but I think – I think he may have an eating disorder,” she stated, biting her bottom lip in disbelief.
“But it doesn’t stop the fact that I missed you so damned much.” And at that, the tension temporarily disappeared and Castiel rushed forward, wrapping strong arms around Dean. He squeezed his eyes shut as the tears he’d been holding back pushed forward underneath his eyelashes, and lazily trickled down his cheeks. He could feel Dean’s thin arms encircle him, bony fingers grasping at the black t-shirt that clung to his torso.
“It’s good to see you all again,” Anna chimed in, hugging Cas as Gadreel released him and went around the table, doing the same to everyone else.
“Could I interest you in some tea? I still have your favorite, the blackberry mint, right?” Jody inquired, heading back towards the front of the store.
“Okay,” he replied, glancing at her with a neutral expression before placing a forced smile on his lips.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
A song Dean didn’t recognize was playing on the radio as they entered. The place was crowded; it looked as though damn near everyone Cas worked with had showed up. There was even a giant banner hung up behind the bar that read,
“Anytime,” Cas returned and stood up, allowing himself to get bear hugged by the taller man.
“There’s nothing wrong with me, Jack. I’m
“Because it’s fun and it’s what big brothers do. Anyway,” he said, preparing to end the conversation, but Sam derailed his train of thought.
“She didn’t lose
“I…I never meant…” There were words circulating around his brain, but his throat wasn’t allowing them to make it out. Instead, he just knelt there, watching as the man he loved fell apart before his eyes and he did nothing to stop it.
And then some.
“How do you not see…that you’re killing yourself?” he finally managed to get out, voice wavering as the tears finally escaped the confines of his eyes and slid down his cheeks. “You’re going to die if you keep going down this road, and I’ll be all alone.”
He quietly rummaged through the dresser, and pulled out a pair of boxers, slipping them on before he went downstairs and into the kitchen to salvage whatever Dean had been cooking. He couldn’t help but take a few bites of the spaghetti Bolognese that had cooled considerably but still tasted amazing, and before he knew it, there was hardly any left in the Tupperware container he’d placed it in. He couldn’t help but feel guilty as he stared down at the meager contents that were left, but he figured maybe he could make it up to Dean by cooking breakfast in the morning.
Cas offered up the best smile he could fake and nodded. “Of course. I’m going to head out,” he said and grabbed his coat, not even bothering to change out of his uniform.
Cas let out a breath and his shoulders loosened, whatever tension he’d been feeling seeping away with Dean’s words.
All at once, his distractions were gone, leaving him with just his insecurities and the music that he was buzzing in his ears. It began to drizzle not too long after he left, so he pulled his hood up and sped up his pace even though he was completely exhausted. His shoulders were slightly hunched, and there was an ache just behind his eyes that wouldn’t go away no matter how many times he blinked. His stomach growled miserably, but he just ignored it, not having had time to even think about the left over half of sandwich from earlier in the day. The freezing wind that howled past him didn’t help matters either.
“Dean, you’ve got to listen to me. I was an idiot, and I never should’ve let you take it this far.” His words only made the other man struggle more.
They still couldn’t handle having a gay son, let alone a married one at that.
“N-Not today, you haven’t,” he replied, breath coming in small pants, the green of his eyes barely visible due to blown pupils behind his glasses.
* 	            *	                *	               *	             *
All the fight Sam had been feeling left him once he saw the broken shell of a man his brother had become. It didn’t stop the underlying anger he had for Castiel though.
“I see,” Cas said with a nod. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, steeling himself for what was to come. “Thank you, sir,” he said and forced a polite smile onto his face though he was anything but happy. He stood up and shook his commander’s hand one last time before he was excused.
“That bad, huh?” Gad prodded, eyebrow arched in expectation.
“So did you just work the entire time I was gone?” Cas questioned, raising an eyebrow as he sat down. He took Dean’s hesitance to respond as a yes, oblivious to the fact that it really due to him putting a significant amount more on his plate than Dean’s.
, he thought as his gaze slipped to his stomach. His Captain America t-shirt was a little loose, but he could still make out his rounded stomach poking over his jeans. He pinched at the skin there, not realizing that there wasn’t exactly much to pinch in the first place, if anything.
“Your fingers are like icicles,” Cas commented, sandwiching Dean’s hand in between his.
“Oh, same old, same old. Claire just texted me to let me know that she won’t be able to close tonight.”
Dean nodded and snuggled closer to Cas, and Cas just shook his head. With gentle arms, he carefully picked Dean up, this time in a bridal style carry and took him back into the bedroom, the unmade bed a faint reminder of the time they’d just spent together. Cas pulled back the sheet and comforters (three due to winter and Dean’s constant shivering even though he claimed he was fine and not freezing, of course), and laid Dean down, carefully removing the towel from him and covering him back up with the bedding. He removed his glasses, then switched the light off that was on the nightstand.
“Hey there, Cassie,” Gabriel greeted him, shoving a beer into his hands before Cas could refuse it.
“Have you, uh, have you spoken with Castiel recently?” he tried again, attempting to covertly search Dean’s face for any sort of unspoken emotion but his brother’s mask was almost as solid as steel and he found nothing but a small, almost unnoticeable smile at the mention of the man’s name.
“I’m fine,” he reassured the other man, though he was anything but. His heart was starting pound in his ears, and he could feel his hands begin to grow clammy and shaky.
He grumbled at himself and shook his head. It was far too late to do anything about his gut for Cas now. It would definitely be gone by the time Cas came back though. He was going to make sure of that.
With the air knocked clear out of his lungs and his gaze scared and unsteady, he looked like a soldier that was about to say his final goodbye.
Cas took a breath, then moved forward. He lifted Dean up again, just as he had before his traitorous mouth had betrayed him, and carried Dean into their bedroom. He carefully laid him down on the bed, pupils darkening at the site before him. “I just like that it’s easier to do things like that,” he explained, kicking one shoe off, then the other.
The other part was there was some quiet but logical voice in the back of his head telling him that if he continued down this path, he really was going to die. He’d managed to push it back for so long that it had taken him a full week of seeing spots in his eyes every time he’d attempted to stand up to know that it was right.
Could Cas tell he’d gained weight?
Dean appeared frustrated, and Sam could tell that he was formulating some lie to spin.
No, he
“You have no idea what I go through on a daily basis, no fucking clue!” he shouted, tears forming steady streams down his cheeks. “I hate you, but most of all, I hate myself for being so stupid!” Shame forced him to bury his head once more, his trembling, bony hands coming to rest on the back of his head as his fingers tugged angrily at his hair.
He ran a hand across his clean shaven face and sighed. Even though everyone commented on how sharp his cheekbones were and asked him why he wasn’t a model instead of a bookstore clerk, he couldn’t see it. He couldn’t help but wonder if a lot more people needed glasses, because there was no way in hell he was in good enough shape for anything like that. He still saw the hint of a double chin when he stared at his face, still saw a gut forming in his mid-section even though he’d gone down two sizes.
“You’re a pretty popular guy here, Senior Chief Novak,” Gabriel commented, raising his beer at Cas though Dean didn’t miss the look the smaller man gave him. It was as though Dean were someone he’d seen before but couldn’t place where.
“Alright, I’ll let you have a pass now, but we’re not done talking about this yet,” Dean warned. “So, aside from that situation, how’s school?”
“No, a hundred and fifty-five,” Jack replied, and Dean almost spit the water back out, wiping away a few droplets that had escaped his lips with his sleeve.
“Why do you always have to do this?” There was no bordering this time. His tone was as sharp as a knife.
“It is when you’re killing yourself doing it!” Sam returned, hazel eyes set aglow with a fury that, though Dean would never openly admit, scared him.
The question hung in the air momentarily as the green of the grass and the blue of the sky finally skated back into Dean’s sight. Things were still a little fuzzy, but for the most part, he could see again.
Dean let a small smile tug up the corners of his lips as he nodded, and went behind the counter. “We always aim to please,” he stated, and dug through a few piles of books wrapped in rubber bands and post-it notes. “Here we go,” he said, and stood back up, albeit a little too fast. Black spots marked his vision and dizziness made his world tilt momentarily. He gripped the counter to steady his balance, hoping desperately that the small spell went unnoticed.
The woman was on the younger side of elderly and was able to get around quite well without any assistance. Her white hair was short and perfectly coifed, and she had on a heavy purple coat with light pink slacks.
Castiel opened his mouth to speak, but Dean curtailed him once more.
He laughed, a bit uncomfortably, and took another small step back. “I’m sure it is,” he agreed, and Jody figured it would be a good time to guide Mrs. Baker away from him. He was starting to look like an animal backed into a corner, and that didn’t sit well with her.
“You sure? If you’re not feeling well, we can just skip the party tonight,” the darker haired man replied with a reassuring smile.
Hearing his name roused him back to the present, the nurse that had firmly stated he and Sam needed to “Be quiet or leave the premises,” appearing before him.
“Fuck you, Sam!” Dean shouted, and suddenly, there were black dots forming in his vision.
He watched with careful eyes as the table was suddenly flooded with food. Mashed potatoes and gravy, along with stuff and rolls, and plenty of vegetables to boot. Finally, Jody entered with the turkey and set it down right in front of him as he was seated near the end of the table.
“I see,” she said with a small nod. “Really like to challenge yourself? Or just trying to burn off those pesky calories?”
He inserted his debit card into the reader and tapped in his pin, forcing the smile to remain in place as the machine took its sweet time accepting his payment. After what felt like an eternity, it beeped, and he retrieved his card from it. “Well, it was nice seeing you again,” he said, and she nodded at him though she still had a strange expression on her face.
“I hate you so much.” The words came out as a whisper, but they were broken badly by the choked sob that finally escaped Dean’s lips once they were uttered.
“Goddammit,” he muttered angrily and slammed the door shut.
“Well, hello there you two, come on in,” she said, standing back and allowing them entry. “Oh, now what is that you’ve got there, mister?” she asked, taking the glass dish from Cas as he shrugged off his coat.
“Like hell, Sam! Don’t think I haven’t noticed the way you’ve been looking at me! I don’t know why you and everyone else can’t fucking understand that I’m alright!”
“What was I supposed to do, Dean? After what you told me? Of course, I called him! This is his fault, after all!” Sam sounded indignant and all Dean wanted to do was punch him square in the face. He could feel a fist forming at his side, but the weariness that was taking its toll on his body prevented him from such an action. “Besides, he needed to see exactly what he’s done,” Sam added, folding his arms across his chest.
Before you begin this chap, please accept my apologies for being gone for an entire year. Covid kind of a put a dent in my life outside of work, but I've finally managed to get back to a normal schedule. The first part of this chapter has been sitting on my laptop since last March, the rest of the chapter has been written in bits and pieces since then. So, if it seems a bit fractured or disjointed, please don't hesitate to let me know. Lastly, I can't thank you all enough for every single kudo or comment left. I truly, truly appreciate your feedback and you taking the time to read this story.
He loved his brother, he really did, but when Sam wanted to argue, fuck, could that kid argue.
But there was no way in hell that man could be his brother.
It was at that exact moment that thunder boomed overhead, rattling the windows as rain began to pour down outside. As angry as the storm sounded, it didn’t hold a candle to the expression that had now made its home on Dean’s face. He appeared as though he had been on the receiving end of a slap and was preparing to reciprocate at any second.
“Um, kind of,” Dean finally answered, sitting down across from him and taking a long drink from his mug.
“I’m good,” he lied, forcing himself to look at her and the worry that was present in her eyes. “Really, Jody, I’m okay,” he tried to reassure her, but judging from the look on her face, he was failing miserably.
He considered waking him up, since he knew the couch could be uncomfortable in the long run (he himself having passed out many a time on it only to wake up with a crick in his neck), but decided it would just be easier to carry him upstairs, even if his muscles were currently screaming in protest at every movement he made due to lack of rest and overexertion. He leaned over and carefully slid his hands underneath Dean’s shoulders and knees, lifting him up into a bridal position with ease. He expected grumbles of protest, but he only received Dean burying his head into his chest and gripping his shirt with one hand instead.
Chapter 4 : Can't Love Me - (featuring Tyler Blackburn) Novi
“I suppose that Barry's a pretty cool guy. He does make some bad decisions sometimes though,” she said offhandedly as she took the empty carafe from him and filled it up.
Everyone’s eyes were on the main isle as
“Nice try, Sammy, but I’m not changing the subject just yet and neither are you. And just to calm your curious heart, it’s at the jeweler currently so don’t you worry your pretty little, shaggy head about it. Now, how long ago did this happen?”
He took in a deep breath as he pulled into the driveway, shoving every thought of the
“Like?” Donna prodded, worry now glistening in her brown eyes.
I'm so sorry for taking so long to get this out, but hopefully, it was worth the wait! :)
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
And for that he was more than thankful.
“We’re still in the honeymoon phase and not the old and gray like you,” she replied, smiling sweetly and sarcastically.
“You never cease to amaze me is all,” Jody explained and leaned over for a quick kiss.
Sure, everything
Dean shook his head in response. “Not really.”
“No, and I need you to set these up on the table near the door,” Dean instructed, adding one last box to the cart before pushing it towards Jack and exiting the storage room.
“Jody –”
“I’m not going anywhere, Sammy,” Dean murmured, and Sam wanted it to be true, he really did, but the state of Dean’s body told another story. All he felt were bones when he hugged his brother back, and it only made him sob even harder. Dean was never going to listen to him, he just knew it.
His hands shook as he heard a mini fridge open and close. He forced himself to look at her, and she offered him a bottle of water. He took it and downed half the bottle in one swallow.
16,152 steps
“I think you’ve got one more in you tonight,” Cas said and before Dean had a chance to answer, took him into his mouth while simultaneously sliding his hand across his balls and placing a prodding middle finger into his entrance.
“Yeah…yeah, I know,” he said, voice distant as he took a small bite out of his eggs. “Jack actually kind of needed a favor, so I covered for him last night. Kid finally got to go to his first party, couldn’t let him miss that.” His voice sounded more normal that time around, and he winked at Cas who smiled in return.
He stared at the empty container for a moment, amazed at how quickly he’d actually been able to eat all of it. His mind then crept to the package of Oreos that he’d lied and said he’d wanted but had never actually planned on eating.
God, he was going to miss this.
“Thanks,” Cas replied, curtailing him from his train of thoughts once more. “Ready to go?”
Placing what was left in the fridge, he turned off the lights and went back upstairs. Dean was now curled on his side, covers pulled tightly around him, so Cas slid in behind him and wrapped an arm around his thin waist, pulling him as close as he could to his chest.
Their relationship had reached a turning point when Cas had been reassigned to Goose Creek, South Carolina two years later. They’d both known that leaving Kansas was inevitable, and though his relationship with his parents was sour, Dean had still done his best to see his little brother when he could. One fight after another had almost taken them to their breaking point until one night, hours after yet another shouting match, Cas had cornered Dean in the kitchen.
“I’m – I’m…Thanks,” he finally muttered, defeat present in his tone. He set the granola bar on his lap, choosing to try to drink the water first. There were a rehearsed set of excuses on his tongue, but when he heard the sad sigh from beside him, he forewent telling them.
“I don’t look that fucking different from the last time you saw me, and you know it!” Dean shot back, the veins in his forehead and neck more noticeable than ever through his pale skin.
“Then why?” Jack continued, pushing the cart out of the room and once again following Dean.
She edged forward a few feet, relief flooding through her when all the cars in front decided to turn, leaving her an empty road to finally set a good pace on. She’d had an early doctor’s appointment that morning, just a check up to make sure her leg was doing okay, which thankfully, it was.
“Oh, that’s adorable!” Jody proclaimed, placing a hand over her mouth as she chewed. “Look at those little red cheeks!”
The thought immediately forced a yawn out between his lips, and he shook his head in an attempt to rid himself of the drowsiness that was slowly descending upon him. He’d slept almost ten hours the night before, however fitfully it was, and knew there was no way in hell he should be this worn down.
She stared at him for a moment as he went back to straightening up things on the counter before she retreated back to the break area. The coffee pot had finally finished the first brew, so she carefully poured herself a cup in her
“Okay, shoot,” he said, raising his head up from the screen. His glasses had slipped down his nose, and as he pushed them up, she noticed that his watch had slid down his arm along with his sleeve, revealing a rather thin looking wrist.
“Understood,” he said with a nod, feeling even guiltier than he had before. And with the way she looked at him, it felt like somehow, she knew it was his fault too.
“Well, look what the mascara-running cat dragged in,” he admonished and she glared at him. “Late night?” he asked smugly, and she rolled her blue eyes.
“Yours or mine?” Cas inquired, and Dean took the opportunity to put his mask back on. He raised a flirty eyebrow in response and quipped, “That’s a tough one, on one hand, yours
“Alright, see ya there,” Gadreel replied and hung up.
He quickened his pace once he saw just how wobbly Dean’s legs truly were, a quiet gasp escaping his lips as the slight man tripped on the last stair. Castiel took the last two in one step, a strong arm reaching out and catching Dean before he could tumble to the floor.
14,566 steps
“Are you sure…are you sure you’re okay?” Jack asked carefully, coming to stand as well, but there was a hesitance to his movements that Dean immediately detected.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
“I’ll let you take Claire’s shift on one condition,” she stated, hoping that she wasn’t pushing too far.
Dean couldn’t help but let a grin pull up the corners of his lips. “You’re adorable,” he said and leaned over, planting a light kiss on Cas’s lips. His hardened expression eased at that into a more neutral one, a hand slipping to the small of Dean’s back as he pulled away.
Silence fell between them momentarily before Dean’s drunken lips betrayed him, “She’s perfect, okay? And I’m not!” His voice broke on the last word, glassy eyes becoming more watery by the second. “I just…I just want to be good enough for you, you know?” He finally looked over at Cas at that moment, shame haunting his visage. “But I’m not,” he added with a shake of his head, biting his bottom lip so that it would stop quivering.
Once there was nothing left between them but bare skin, Cas gently guided Dean over to the tub, stepping in first then pulling Dean down to rest his back on his chest. Dean melted into him, laying his head back onto Cas’s shoulder. He closed his eyes, soaking up the warmth from Cas and the water. He felt Cas wrap an arm around his waist and he leaned back further into him, placing his hand atop Cas’s.
He was going to kill him.
“You do kind of look like a hobbit,” Michael observed, giving him a once over. “I bet your tiny little feet are probably hairy too, aren’t they?”
God, he wanted to puke. Why he’d agreed to come here in the first place, he wasn’t sure. Part of it, he knew, was seeing the endless stream of tears on his little brother’s face when he’d almost passed out again after having refused to eat for the three days following his hospital visit.
She sighed and shook her head. “I sure hope so,” she muttered to herself, turning the car off and removing her keys from the ignition. She grabbed the greasy McDonald’s bag and her purse and got out. “Good Lord it’s colder than a witch’s tit,” she grumbled as she entered the store, and that phrase actually earned her a quiet chuckle from Dean who was currently turning up the thermostat. “It’s true,” she murmured and made her way towards the small break room. She set the McDonald’s bag down on the table, and her purse on top of the refrigerator. She shrugged off her coat and hung it up on the coat rack, then set about the task of making the largest pot of coffee possible. She was probably going to go through a gallon of the stuff today.
16,565 steps
The sweet, sugary goodness that had tasted beyond amazing going down did not taste the same as it rushed back up his throat, scattering out onto the gravelly pavement below. He continued to force himself to vomit, even after his stomach was long empty. After dry heaving for a few more minutes, he stopped, disgusted at himself as he wiped away tears, snot, and vomit with his shirt sleeve.
He was pretty sure that somehow that the tags had gotten mixed up or something, because there was no way in hell size thirty-two’s were too large for him now. Even if he had dropped down to 154.
He shut the cupboard door and set the can down on the counter, rummaging through the rest of the cabinets in search of a bowl and spoon. Once he’d managed to find both, he popped the top on the can and poured its contents into the bowl, then placed it in the microwave and heated it up.
Once he was finished tallying up his calories from the day before –
“It’s nice to meet you, Kelly,” Cas said with a polite smile.
How many calories were currently in the pint of strawberries he was looking at -
“Young man, what do you think you’re doing?” she called out the window, brow lowering as Dean stopped and stared at her blankly for a moment before reluctantly removing the headphones from his ears, green eyes coming to life as he finally realized he was being spoken to.
“What?” Dean asked, feeling a little guilty for having tuned the teenager out.
He glanced up, eyes searching for the voice when his gaze landed on Gabriel who was staring at him with wide eyes and mouth slightly agape.
“Oh, fuck!” Dean cried out as he came, hands now gripping the edge of the stove.
“Sam…” he began, but Sam shook his head.
He turned off the shower and dried off, waiting for the steam to clear before he put his glasses on. It was the only way he’d be able to see the numbers on the scale as his poor eyesight reduced everything to blurry blobs without them. Taking a deep breath, he stood upon the white mechanism, knowing that it had been years since he’d used it and afraid of the numbers he was about to see.
“My, God, you’re amazing,” he ground out, voice even more gravelly than usual as Dean rode his cock like it was the champion stallion in a horse show. He let one hand stray to Dean’s lonely but leaking cock, using the pre-come that was dripping from the tip to glide his hand up and down, the action making Dean moan his name and ride him even faster.
“Way to kill the mood, Cas,” Dean murmured lowly, backing out of his grasp.
“Since your girlfriend is too rude to care, Kaia, that is my husband, Cas; that’s Jack, which you may have already met, and his mom,” Dean introduced them all.
But as he made his sixth trip from the couch to the kitchen table, a thought crept into the edges of his mind.
Dean sniffled as Cas carefully edged away from his embrace, though his hand was a still and calming presence on the small of Dean’s back. Dean scrubbed the tears from his eyes, hating the sudden display of emotion of his body’s betrayal, then forced himself to look into Cas’s eyes.
“Well,” Jack started to explain, but Claire finished for him.
“You forgot my glasses,” Dean chided as Cas came up behind him and snaked his arms around his thin waist. “I almost died trying to get down the stairs.” Though his tone was stern, he could feel Dean melt into his touch, leaning back into him as he moved the almost done eggs around in the skillet.
“Yes!” Cas shouted back, hating himself for the way he felt but not wanting to lie about it.
Sammy sniffled again but his breathing had started to even out. He peered up at Dean with wide, watery eyes, listening as Dean continued.
Dean began setting up the main register, brow lowering when he heard someone knocking on the glass door. He looked up to find Jody standing there, looking slightly annoyed and balancing her weight on a cane. He quickly stopped what he was doing, and walked over to the door, unlocking it so she could come in.
Dean couldn’t help but be slightly relieved, but at the same time, filled with dread. He didn’t want the night to end because that meant having only one more day with Cas, and driving the other man home would have extended it just a little longer.
Remnants of the dream lingered in the back of his thoughts as he waited, albeit a bit impatiently, to get up. The flight hadn’t been long, but a few screaming children and the confined space had frayed his nerves.
“Um, yeah, I’m going to save it for later,” he lied, and wrapped it back up as carefully as he could before he placed it into the mini fridge.
“Have you told Dean yet?” he asked.
“Are you sure? That was hours ago,” Cas stated, giving him a once over.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to make you worry. Just had a small clothing emergency,” he explained, gaze drifting back to Dean. He was seated in one of the  middle rows at the end of the pew near the main isle. Cas could see him wringing his hands, a nervous trait that came out whenever he felt uncomfortable or out of place. The last time he’d seen him do it was when he attempted to see his parents last.
“You’re being reassigned,” and at those words, Cas felt his heart leap into his throat.
Bile rose in his throat at the thought, and he swallowed thickly to keep it at bay. His gaze drifted to his bony fingers, and the newly resized wedding ring that was still a little too large for his finger. It had fallen off the week before while he’d been at work, and after hours of frantic searching, he’d eventually found it on the floor underneath one of their book displays.
“Dean, I know this is a lot to take in, but you have to understand, you need help.” Her voice broke him from his train of thoughts, and the hand she laid gently on his shoulder pulled him back to reality. He blanched at her touch, and instantly felt embarrassed afterwards, heat flooding his cheeks.
Dean could tell Cas was just as reluctant as he was to leave, but the night had to come to an end sooner or later.
His whole body was still thrumming with adrenaline as he began to walk again, his hands shaking as he forced them into fists at his sides.
“I didn’t –” Dean cut himself short, not wanting to admit to the truth. He bit down on his bottom lip, feeling another sob wanting to escape. He wasn’t supposed to be doing this in front of Cas, but his body was betraying him and he hated it.
“You’ve been watching too much TV, kid,” he commented, trying not to sound as nervous and afraid as he truly felt.
“Why don’t you have a seat and we’ll get started,” she instructed. He glanced around the room, noting that her office was just as sparsely decorated as the waiting room. There was only one other chair in it, but at least it was more comfortable than the ones in the waiting room, he thought as he settled into the large, plush leather. His leg began to bounce again as she spoke.
“Well, feel free to eat and drink,” she said, eyeing Dean quickly before continuing, “as much as you want.”
“My God, you’re beautiful,” Cas whispered as he stared at the sight laid bare before him.
Dean scoffed at the thought as he retrieved his keys and headed out the door, locking it behind him. He considered taking his car but decided against it in the end. He wouldn’t be gone that long, maybe an hour, two tops.
“Bye you guys, drive safe!” Gad returned.
“We’re not teenagers anymore,” Dean quipped and Cas moved closer so that his lips were ghosting Dean’s ear.
him?” Dean cut him off, his glare now focused on Sam rather than Cas.
Now was not the time.
“I can finally take this hideous thing off,” he heard her speak under her breath, and he couldn’t help but laugh lightly at that. It eased some of the tension he was feeling, but not by much. He watched as she untied the apron, and tossed it aside. “Alright folks, before we dig into this food, Donna and I would just like to thank you all for coming, and especially for all the hard work you three have put in in the last few months. We can’t tell you enough how much we both appreciate it.”
10,012 steps
His stomach gurgled loudly at that moment, reminding him that he hadn’t had anything to eat the day before. Sam’s insistent pushing had only made him want to rebel and not let a single thing past his lips except for water because water contained zero calories and that was okay.
Knowing he would still be chilly with just the tee (even though the high was supposed to get up to nearly ninety that day), he pulled on a blue and white plaid flannel, forgoing rolling up the sleeves like he used to.
“If I’m such an old man, then why do I have to constantly remind you to wear your name badge?” Dean returned, setting it on the table in front of her then folding his arms across his chest and raising an eyebrow.
After what felt like and eternity, Dean finally removed his fingers and opened his eyes, the green almost completely overtaken by his pupils. He pushed Cas’s hand off of his dick, slicking it up with a generous amount of lube and positioned himself over the leaking head, then sat down slowly, taking it in inch by glorious inch until he could no more. Cas moaned at the tightness, at the feeling of having his cock completely and utterly enveloped by Dean’s heat. His hands found their way to Dean’s hips where bruises were already starting to form and bucked up as Dean came down.
She stepped away from the bed, giving Castiel one last look before disappearing back out into the hallway.
The young naval officer had stuck around that night until closing time, even though his assignment at the nearby air force base started the next day at oh six hundred hours.
“Chief Novak speaking,” he greeted whomever was on the other end of the line.
Dean chuckled lightly. “I may very well take you up on that offer sometime. In the meantime though…we did just get in that new title you were asking about by Louise Aronson,” he said, holding up the book.
And there's a short trip down memory lane.
“Hey, Jack, what’s up buddy? You’re not scheduled until three today. Everything alright?” Dean asked as he unlocked the front glass door.
“Shhh, it’ll be okay, Sammy,” Dean whispered into his little brother’s ear. “Mom and Dad aren’t mad at you.”
He recognized the voice almost instantly.
He backtracked through the living room and made his way upstairs, light shining from underneath the closed bathroom door. Just as he was about to reach for the knob, the door opened, a fully dressed, glasses-clad Dean staring back at him in surprise. Before he could even say a word, Dean’s look of surprise immediately turned into one of happiness, “Cas!” springing forth from his lips and his eyes lit up behind the black rimmed glasses. Cas quickly found himself engulfed in Dean’s arms, a hand cupping the back of his head.
) and switched the basket to his other hand, his palms beginning to grow sweaty.
“I haven’t been drinking myself to sleep every night like Dad, if that’s what you’re asking.”
shirt off, ignoring Dean’s plea of, ”Be careful, that’s my favorite t-shirt, oh fuck it.”
size on it, he’d scoffed, thinking there was no way in hell he could fit into them.
“As in?” Gad tried again, glancing over at the blue-eyed man.
“Soon to be 27,” Claire returned, and took Kaia’s coat from her, hanging it next to hers on the coatrack.
“Poor thing. I remember when my Thomas, God rest his soul,” she said, raising her hand up to her heart, “was deployed in Vietnam. I had anxiety through the roof so I can imagine what he's going through.”
Orange – 80 calories
He felt tears spring to his eyes as he drove, the wintry scene outside suddenly becoming blurry.
“I – I,” Dean stuttered, Cas’s reaction to his appearance taking him aback.
He was currently wearing a pair, and his belt as well.
“So what?” Dean shrugged exaggeratedly. “I needed to clear my head. Is that so wrong?”
He wore Dean’s clothes, even had his hair styled the same way.
Dean sighed, hating the fact that he knew he was acting like a jerk but also pissed because no one was listening to him.
Chapter 6 : Redbone - Childish Gambino
“I’m good for now, but will definitely take you up on a glass of wine later,” Kelly said, and Donna nodded and smiled.
“Can I leave now?” he asked, forcing his line of sight on the floor as to avoid her stare.
“I guess I never thought of it that way,” Hannah stated pensively, taking a sip from her glass of water. “You do make a good point though. Now I think I’ll have to go back and reread it, see it from a different perspective, I suppose. Your husband’s quite the scholar,” she said, turning towards Cas and winking.
“This is my Sasquatch of a brother, Sam,” Dean said, patting him on the shoulder. “Sam, this is Liz. She’s Benny’s little sister. He’s the guy that owns this place.”
Carrots – 35 calories
She glanced at him and caught the tail end of another shrug. “Just enjoying the weather, I guess,” he mumbled and looked like a teenager getting scolded by their mother.
Dean’s stomach growled at the smell of the food that was wafting in from the kitchen, and he clenched his jaw, hating the weak feeling that was consuming him. He tried to force it away, and instead plastered a smile on his face when he saw Jack and his mother sitting on the couch, the sound of an old
Sorry for taking so long to post. Been busier than usual. I'd just like to take a minute and thank every single one of you who have commented or have left kudos. They are greatly appreciated. :)
“Yes! That!” Sam all but exclaimed, and Dean snickered at him.
Sick be damned, Cas leaned in and kissed him anyway, laughing when Dean whined his name.
“I’m fine,” Dean murmured in response, though Castiel could see right through the lie.
“So, we can both agree that clinically speaking, you’re underweight.”
The stomach cramps kicked in as soon as he’d finished them off, and he almost doubled over at the pain. Instead, he ran to the bathroom and jammed his right index and middle fingers down his throat. Within seconds, the cookies and ice cream came flooding back up his throat and down into the porcelain bowl underneath of him. Involuntary tears streamed down his cheeks as he continued to vomit, self-inducing the action twice, just to make sure there was nothing left.
Dean quietly padded up the stairs and into the bathroom, flipping the light on as he went over to the tub. He turned the water on, running it more hot than cold and plugged the drain. He wasn’t quite sure what Cas was up to until the dark-haired man joined him, a bottle of wine and two glasses in one hand and a lighter in the other.
“I’m not anorexic!” he snapped back, voice raising in frustration as he met her gaze once more.
“That’s amazing!” Donna chimed in from across the table. “We all know Dean’s definitely proud of you,” she said with a wink.
Now, it just tasted bitter.
Dean nodded and his hand slipped to Cas’s bicep as he gently guided him towards the sofa and sat down. “Is everything alright? Your mom —“
“I’ll never understand how that man hasn’t been dishonorably discharged yet,” Cas stated and emptied the contents of his bottle in one swift gulp.
It was hard as hell for Cas to resist him because Dean looked ridiculously handsome in his outfit. It was a rarity for Cas to see him like that because the man usually dressed as casually as possible, always clad in a t-shirt and jeans with either a hoodie, henley or plaid shirt to boot.
“As much as I appreciate the concern, Mrs. Baker, I’m fine,” Dean stated, smile faltering a bit as he took another step back from her just out of her reach.
Once the glass was empty, he placed it in the empty dish rack to let it dry. His stomach growled loudly as left the kitchen, but he chose to ignore it, deciding against breakfast. Instead, he grabbed his keys and headed out the door. The air was warm and the sun was already shining brightly in the cloudless blue sky as he got into the Impala, the engine roaring to life once he’d inserted the key into the ignition.
He stood quickly, choosing to remain silent as he followed her back down the hallway that led to Dean’s room.
“How about we stop and get a little something to eat? I’m starving,” she stated and pulled into the nearest drive through. She didn’t much care for McDonald’s, but she’d make do.
They took Cas’s jet black Jeep Wrangler, making it to the church with five minutes to spare.
“I’m gonna need a little more than that,” Dean countered, lips forming into a pout.
Sam took one step back, trying desperately to keep his temperamental side at bay, but as the tension welled up, the harder it was becoming.
“Is that right? Must have a hot date with…what’s her name…” Dean’s voice trailed off, pretending to be unable to remember Claire’s girlfriend’s name.
“One twenty-seven,” the words left his lips, fingers squeezing the bottle of water tighter in attempt to curtail just how badly they were trembling.
“She’s going to be fashionably late as usual,” Jody replied, tucking some loose graying locks behind her ear as she came into the room. She stood next to Dean and took a sip of her beer, casting a glance at the television. “I’m surprised you guys haven’t switched it to the football game.”
“Hey,” she said, walking up to him as he finished checking out the only customer in the store. “Why don’t you take a thirty, and I’ll manage this out here for awhile, okay?”
“Oh, well that’s good. You’re not going to get into any trouble though, are you?” she asked, arching an eyebrow.
131.7
,” he replied without looking up, and took a slow bite of the salad.
“You didn’t what?” Cas prodded, gently carding his fingers through the fine hair at the nape of Dean’s neck.
healthy, and there wasn’t anything wrong with that, but Dean was just so
Dean was waiting tables at a shitty restaurant in Wichita, trying desperately to make ends meet after getting kicked out of the house. His parents had found out that he was gay, and they had given him the boot without a second thought, leaving Dean scrambling to pick up the pieces of his life. That had meant going to school during the day, whilst waiting tables at a Chili’s knockoff in the evening and weekends just to make ends meet. Even then, most days he lived off of ramen and leftover food from the kitchen.
Low blood sugar was a bitch, and he tried to avoid it at all costs, but when the most you consumed each day was five hundred calories, it tended to strike fairly often.
big, but now he kind of looks like a twig,” Gabriel commented off-handedly.
alerting him that it was
Everything was a numbers game now, and they constantly ran through his head like a runner stuck going round and round on a never-ending racetrack.
Once they’d both discarded their coats and shoes, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist, drawing him close. “Are you tired?” he asked, raising one hand up to gently cup Dean’s cheek.
“Hey, Mrs. Baker, how are you doing today?” he asked, pausing what he was doing to give her his full attention. He glanced at Jody and she only smiled in return as she eased away from Mrs. Baker so the older woman could hug him.
“Y-yeah, I’m fine,” he replied as casually as he possibly could, and cleared his throat. His vision was finally starting to return and through the droplets of water that had accumulated on his glasses from rinsing his mouth out, he saw the look of concern on Cas’s face, guilt immediately rushing through him. He promptly took his glasses off and cleaned them off with the bottom of his shirt, effectively buying himself a little more time before he attempted to move again.
Cas had always been an affectionate person, but he was even more so nowadays, and though Dean would never admit to being needy or clingy, he enjoyed it more than he let on. He still didn’t care much for the way Cas loved to touch his stomach, but the man seemed to be damn near obsessed with it, and Dean couldn’t help but try to keep it as empty as possible.
132.1
“Nothing,” Jack said with a shake of his head, and took another sip of his grape soda.
“Well, that depends. What kind of pie do you recommend?” He tried to go for the most flirtatious tone he could, but his voice sounded small and anxious instead.
He didn’t indulge her with a response, instead choosing to jam his pale hands back into the pockets of his coat and remain silent.
“You’re adorable,” Cas commented and Dean groaned, burying his head into Cas’s shoulder. Cas, in turn, wrapped his arms around him, holding him in place for the moment. While one hand stayed steady in the middle of his back, he let the other one roam the expanse of Dean’s pale skin, fingertips skirting lightly down his spine.
“Doesn't everyone?” Dean shrugged.
“Or we don’t have to, if you don’t want to --”
Dean sucked in a breath, trying to force the tears from continuing to escape from his eyes, but it was no use. They streamed steadily down, leaving paths of saltine rivers in their wake.
Dean couldn’t help but tense at the placement of Cas’s hand, nervousness still pooling in his gut.
“Yeah, yeah, let’s go,” Dean grumbled and walked past Cas out of the room, and Cas’s gaze immediately dropped straight to his ass. “Don’t get any ideas. We’re going to be late, remember?” Dean sarcastically reminded him, trying to be coy but yelping the moment Cas’s teeth playfully bit one of his clothed cheeks. “You keep doing that and we’re seriously not going to make it,” Dean threatened, laughing as he went down the stairs, Cas close behind.
“Well, that’s great! But —“
Ignoring him was easier said than done, but Castiel didn’t want to chance another blow-up like they’d had at the hospital and decided to keep his mouth shut for the time being and follow Dean upstairs instead.
“Don’t forget the cups!” he reminded her, and laughed when he heard her over exaggerated scoff.
Chapter 11 : Colony - Now, Now
“I’m fine,” Dean muttered, and Castiel could feel his jaw clench in anger. The bruise was clearly fresh, but almost black in color with shades of blue mixed within its confines. Dean rolled his eyes, his hands clenching into fists at his sides.
,” Dean quipped and Cas chuckled again and began to drive.
“Just think it’s important to be healthy, you know? Better to get a little exercise than none at all,” he stated and folded his arms across his chest.
Panic soon seized at his chest as the roaring of blood rushing through his ears all but consumed him. His heart pounded in his chest as he tried to figure out what exactly was going on, and why the fuck he couldn’t see. Dizziness followed his absence of vision, like dust trailing after a comet. The world spun this way and that until a pair of hands gripped his shoulders. Dean immediately tensed at the sudden touch until he realized that whoever it was, was currently saying his name. Reluctantly, he pulled off his headphones.
, so he slipped the phone back into his pocket, and exited the bathroom.
“So how are you two doing? Is Donna’s mom doing any better?” he inquired, heading back towards the register and finishing getting it online.
The man before him was thin, skeletally so. Even from twenty feet away, Sam could see how tightly his pale skin was pulled over his cheekbones, how owlish his eyes looked behind – what Sam liked to call – his Clark Kent glasses. The freckles that dusted his cheeks now looked like tiny, painted on black dots due to the contrast of his near transparent looking skin.
Chapter 7 : Night Moves - Bob Seger
Feeling like the weight of the world was directly on his shoulders, Cas made his way inside, though he was quiet as he did so. He shut the door silently behind him and shrugged off his coat, hanging it on the coat rack.
“I didn’t mean to scare you, but that would be pretty cool,” he said, flashing her a small but genuine smile.
“Black coffee for you, and a coke for you,” she said, setting the mug and glass down in front of them. “The food should be ready in about ten minutes or so,” she announced with a small smile, and excused herself so she could go check on the other customers.
He carefully pulled out and slid off the bed, disappearing out of the room and returning a few minutes later with a warm, wet rag. “So…” he began as he gingerly cleaned them both off, gaze traveling between Dean’s eyes and stomach, careful to get every last bit of the white substance as Dean was not a fan of finding remnants of it on himself come morning.
“Get. Out,” the low warning came from between his brother’s lips, but Sam wasn’t about to budge.
Cas put the jeep back into gear and began to drive, reaching over after a few moments and placing his hand on top of Dean’s. Dean looked at him, eyes still more watery than not, and moved his palm upwards, intertwining their fingers together.
“I will. Bye, Dean!” she called out before she slipped out the door.
Her expression hardened at his outburst, but her eyes were still filled with what Dean could only describe as a nostalgic sadness.
Cas continued his ministrations, teasing the tip of Dean’s cock with his tongue whilst sliding his finger in and out, in and out before he added his index finger and seeking out the bundle of nerves that would leave Dean boneless and thankful that there was a shower wall for him to lean on if need be.
have an eating disorder...did he?
“See ya,” Cas replied and got out of the truck. Trying his best not to stumble, he made his way up the steps and fished his keys out of his pocket. He only dropped them twice before managing to finally unlock the door. Upon entry, he saw that Dean was sitting on the couch, the sounds of Dr. Sexy drifting from the TV.
The house itself had creme colored siding, and a decent sized porch, with steps leading up to it. At the top of the stairs, there were two small, inflated cartoon turkeys adorning each side. Dean smiled at what he presumed were Donna’s decorations. While Jody preferred the plainer side of things, Donna loved to decorate and therefore the bookstore was always plastered with turkeys or pumpkins or Christmas trees when the time came.
“Good afternoon, Dean,” Dr. Anderson greeted him from behind her desk, appearing as stoic as ever.
“Now, let’s try this again. How much do you currently weigh? And before you answer, I want you to realize that I don’t have a scale in here. You put your trust in me, and I put my trust in you.”
He felt Cas shift and opened his eyes in time to see him reach over and turn off the light. They were now both bathed in candlelight, and Dean felt another tear trickle down his cheek.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Cas inquired, trying his best to keep his eyes on the road but focused on Dean at the same time.
“Oh, shit, Sammy, I’m sorry,” Dean apologized, and Sam wanted to cling to the sincerity in his tone. He had friends, sure, but his brother always found a way to either comfort him or annoy him, depending on the situation. “You want me to go kick his ass?”
They continued their bickering all the way up until it was time for Claire and Jack to leave, making Dean the sole person there once three o’clock rolled around.
“Hey, Dean! Long time no see,” she responded as she put her hair up.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
Dean closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Finally, he allowed his gaze to gradually meet hers, then nodded. “Yes,” he reaffirmed, more to himself than her.
“I know who Superman is too,” she argued, rinsing out the carafes that they used for their customers.
“I’ll be there in twenty, Ms. Mills,” he replied, and Cas laughed lowly when he heard the woman remind him that her name was “Jody,
“You can save it for later, just in case,” she stated, and pulled back onto the main road, thankful for the thinning traffic. Her nerves could only take so much so early.
His stomach chose that moment to growl, and worry flooded his system once more.
“Nah, Cas wouldn’t leave him if that were the case,” Gad responded back as he washed his hands.
He missed his husband, dammit.
,” she said, leaning on the counter as she waited for the coffee to finish.
“Claire, my dear, if you would be so kind as to come here for a moment,” Jody asked, seeming to appear out of nowhere and managing to cut her off from whatever comment she was going to make to Dean.
“You okay?” Cas asked, resting his hand on the small of Dean’s back.
Dean found himself biting his thumb nail, though there wasn’t much left to bite since he’d managed to tear most if it off already.
“Why? Because she hugged me? Touched my arm?” Cas asked, voice raising a notch.
much weight,” Gabriel shot back, and Dean chose that moment to push the door open all the way and act as though he hadn’t heard a thing. He forced a tight smile on his face and nodded at them as he passed. He didn’t miss the look they exchanged with each other before they returned the gesture and exited the bathroom.
Sam stared at him for a minute and then nodded. “Yeah, yeah, I’m fine,” he lied, forcing a tight smile back onto his tan features. “Probably just low blood sugar. Forgot to eat breakfast this morning.” He glanced at Dean to catch his reaction and caught an expression he couldn’t quite place before it quickly disappeared and was replaced with a grin that didn’t reach his eyes.
“I do. Look, can we just not argue for once? Are you capable of doing that?”
“Where’s your ring?” he asked, and Dean shook his head and rolled his eyes in response.
Once, Cas had drunkenly told him that Gabriel had had a crush on him, but he’d found that hard to believe and had just laughed it off. Gabriel was just a flirt, plain and simple.
Now it was Sam’s turn to be quiet. “I-I haven’t exactly spoken to Mom and Dad since last year. Just couldn’t take it anymore, ya know?”
,” Dean retorted to himself, doing his best Cas impression.
“How are you exactly?” Sam asked after a moment of silence. “I know you’re not exactly one for social media, but it’s been awhile since I’ve heard from you. You haven’t called or texted in weeks.”
“You just made me see stars, Cas. Actual fucking stars,” Dean murmured, eyes still closed in wonderment. “They were blurry, but they were definitely there.” And Cas laughed at that as he came to stand, gently switching their positions so that he could finally wash himself off.
Sam cracked an eye open, the sun filtering through the window and right into his field of vision. He groaned and rolled over, but knew he should probably be getting up, whether he wanted to or not.
He hallowed out his cheeks, sucking and licking and swirling his tongue round and round before his fingers found Dean’s sweet spot, and within seconds, he came undone, Cas happily drinking down each and every drop.
Cas sighed, watching with worried eyes as Dean got another three-fingered refill of whiskey and returned to the table.
But Cas wasn’t due back for another couple of hours at the least…
“What are you talking about? What is going on?”
“She’s fine, Dean…it’s…I-I got the promotion,” he explained slowly and Dean stared at him expectantly, knowing there was more to come. “But with the promotion — I’m being reassigned.”
Dean nodded in thanks and forced a polite smile on his face as he sat down. Anxiety started to dig its ugly claws into his veins, and he could feel his heart start to beat faster.
After the table quieted down, Cas spoke up. “So not much longer before you tie the knot, right?,” he asked, looking over at Gad. “Only two weeks left until you join the club?”
He watched as Cas made quick work of lighting the few candles that were scattered around the small space, then filled the two glasses up that he’d set down on the sink counter. Cas lifted one of the glasses up, and Dean accepted it. He hadn’t consumed more than three hundred calories that day, and hesitantly convinced himself that the two hundred and fifty that were currently in the glass he’d taken would be okay.
“What am I doing?
Cas let out a breath and entered, closing the door behind him and coming to stand at attention before his seated superior.
playing lightly on the radio. After a few minutes, he felt Cas’s warm hand slide over his.
“I just wanna make you happy, Cas,” he said, voice still on the quieter side.
“Show me then,” Dean challenged, brow raised still.
“Yeah, I’ll be down in just a minute!” he shouted back, and gave himself one last once-over.
“What did you just say?” he countered, eyes darkening like the sky that was streaked with lightning just outside the window.
tall,” Sam mumbled as he walked down the small hallway.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
Their shoes crunched across the front yard as they made the short trek to Cas’s jeep, and Dean was shivering almost uncontrollably as he climbed up and into it. He quickly put his hands in front of the vents, thankful that Cas had used the remote start to get it warmed up beforehand.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
It was a black SUV with a rental sticker on the windshield.
He still caught worried looks from Jody and Donna every now then, hell, even Jack and Claire, but for the most part, things had gotten so busy at the shop with the upcoming holidays, that they didn’t really have time to pay attention.
“You know I didn’t mean that last one, right?” Cas inquired, eyebrow quirked again as Dean placed the dishes into the sink, then wiped down the table.
They wouldn’t worry about him anymore if he ate normally in front of them, or ate something in front of them at all. And all he had to do in turn was stick two fingers down his throat and force it all back up.
Sam tried to ignore them, but he could feel Dean’s gaze burrowing a hole right through him, so he forced the story out as quickly and concisely as possible. “I came home early from the library one night and found her with Brady.”
“Stop looking at me like that and let’s go,” Dean chided, shoving his glasses up the bridge of his nose and successfully breaking Cas from his thoughts.
They stayed leaned up against the heavy table for a moment (a table that Cas had created himself and was thankful that he’d used such dense wood when he’d made it), both taking a minute to catch their breath, before Cas gradually pulled out of him. He re-situated himself and zipped his jeans back up, all the while grabbing a dishcloth for Dean.
“So adorable,” Cas laughed and made his way into the bathroom, finally setting Dean down in front of the shower.
Silence greeted him as he stood in the doorway.
“No, no, Dean, you don’t have anything on your face. I just…I’m just a lucky man,” Cas affirmed and planted a gentle kiss on his soft lips. “So,” he said as he pulled away, “What’s it gonna be? Dr. Sexy reruns? Batman marathon? Housecleaning?” And finally Dean’s serious face broke into a small smile at that.
Not much scared Castiel. Sure, the occasional red alert while on board his ship did, but he’d been raised to be prepared. But nothing could have prepared him for the sight that had awaited him upon his return.
Water wouldn’t form fat, only food did that.
“We’ll be there at the airport on Monday,” Gad affirmed, voice shaking slightly.
He relieved himself as he let the water warm up, washing his hands afterwards then started the task of undressing.
“I’ll be right back, make sure they don’t need any help,” Dean said, and gave Cas a quick kiss on the cheek before he followed Donna. Jody was checking the turkey in the oven when Dean entered. When she stood up, he couldn’t help but laugh at the apron she was wearing. It was brown and shaped like a turkey, with red, yellow and brown felt feathers lined along the bottom of it. He couldn’t stop chuckling, even when her welcome expression turned into an unamused one. “That is…wow, that is something else,” he managed to get out as he set the beer on the kitchen counter.
He pulled back, teasing the tip of Dean’s dick with his tongue before hallowing his cheeks out and taking him all in again. He pulled Dean forward each time he swallowed him whole, Dean’s balls now smacking into his chin with each forced thrust.
“I just don’t like her, okay?” Dean cut him off. “So just drop it.”
Cas could feel his dick grow achingly hard at the thought, and he almost came on just that alone.
salads and had always taken any opportunity he could in the past to remind her – and anyone else for that matter who had the audacity of eating one in front of him – of that fact. And now he was sitting here in front of her doing just that.
Either that, or the world was coming to and end, but Jody was pretty positive it was the former.
“Almost a hundred percent, thank God. The doctors are amazed at how fast and far she’s come. She’s back living on her own, which Donna hates, but if she gets the go ahead tomorrow, she’ll be able to drive again. Anyhow, if you need anything, don’t hesitate to call, okay?” she asked, wrapping her scarf around her neck.
“Jack,” Dean stated with a tone of finality as he cut him off, “I know you mean well. Really, I do. But just stop, okay? There’s nothing wrong with me, I don’t have an eating disorder, and we should really get to work, alright? Case closed, let’s go.” He took a deep breath and steeled himself for another attempt at standing. This time, he stayed upright. “You coming?” he asked after taking a few steps without hearing any movement from behind.
“Hey!” Dean cried out in surprise, holding onto his glasses with one hand and slapping Cas’s perfect ass with the other.
Donna came to stand by her side, taking Jody’s hand in hers for a moment. “Ditto to what she just said,” flashing her toothy grin, though Dean could see that her brown eyes were glistening. “And I just want to thank you three again for letting me take the time to help my mom out. It really does mean the world to me — to us…” She paused for a moment in an attempt to compose herself as Jody wiped a stray tear from her cheek. “Oh, what I am doing? Thank you guys, now let’s eat!”
It was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes. “While I appreciate the sentiment —“
One minute, his shaking hand was holding the fork just above the pie, the next, he was shoving the ridiculously delicious substance down his throat faster than he could swallow. He almost moaned at the taste, but figured he’d already made enough of a spectacle of himself by stuffing his face.
“Okay, now I can tell that you missed me,” Dean quipped, letting Cas gently back him into the wall.
“And you’ll still be an old man,” she said with a smirk, returning to the main room with a stack of styrofoam cups in her hand.
The sleeves of his shirt were rolled up, showcasing rail thin arms and wrists that Castiel could easily wrap his fingers around and then some. Castiel could tell that Dean was purposely avoiding his gaze, green eyes trained on Ellen as she checked the almost empty IV bag.
something wrong with him.
“Talk about what?” Dean murmured, voice now small. His head was leaned against the window, arms hanging loosely at his sides.
That had been the other major thing he’d given up. Aside from all the things he loved to eat, he hadn’t had any alcohol in weeks. Once he’d read about how many calories were in beer (and after admonishing himself about doing it in the first place more than once), he’d stopped drinking it. He was going to allow himself at least one that night, but it was a far cry from the days where he’d consumed an entire six pack and then some just for himself.
She couldn’t help how she rolled her eyes at that, hating the fact that she couldn’t bring herself to believe him.
The last few weeks had blown by, he and Cas trying to spend every waking moment they could together. Cas had taken a week’s vacation while Jody and Donna had forced Dean to take a week off, though he didn’t need much arm twisting.
had tumbled from his lips without a second thought, and they’d hugged and made love that night until they’d both passed out in the wee hours of the morning.
And Dean was clearly trying her last one.
“Be right back,” Dean stated, making a beeline towards the bartender.
“We’re not old men yet either,” Cas commented and ran his tongue up from Dean’s collarbone to just underneath his earlobe, nipping at the appendage as he reached around and squeezed Dean’s ass. Dean leaned into him, moaning as he did so.
He thought that if he continued to that, the feeling would lessen, but it only grew worse with each night he fell asleep on his back or side with Cas’s hand tucked contently in the waistband of his boxers.
“Hey,” Dean greeted, lips close to Cas’s ear as he came to stand by him. “Should we maybe take him home?” he asked, gesturing towards the drunken man.
“Hi…Dean?” the cashier greeted him, breaking him from his thoughts.
“Nice to meet you,” Sam greeted with a nod and polite smile.
“Are you serious right now? Dean, you’ve lost almost sixty pounds, if not more! That’s not healthy!
“Dean, you need to calm down,” Castiel stated, tone bordering on even. “You can hardly even stand on your own.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Cas agreed, guilt hitting him as they pulled up to his house, the Impala sitting in the driveway. “Thanks for the ride,” he said as they came to a stop.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean muttered into his shoulder, and Cas could feel him gripping the sides of his suit. “I’m sorry I’m such an idiot.”
“Dean, I know that things have been hard –”
“You know what, young man?” she started, only to get cut off by a text notification going off on her phone. It was from Claire.
Castiel swallowed thickly, brow lowered as he took in her words.
Once they were both clean and smelling of Dean’s body wash, Cas turned off the water and exited the tub, leaving Dean in there while he extracted an overly large bath towel from the nearby closet. He padded back over, wet feet sinking into the plush rug Dean had insisted they get so they wouldn’t fall when they got out of the shower. He took Dean’s hand in his and helped him out, then wrapped the towel around the both of them. He carefully dried Dean off and placed his glasses gently back on, though Dean looked dead on his feet. His eyes were still closed and he leaned into Cas, laying his head on his shoulder.
fashion, he’d just shrugged it off, just as he had any other problems.
He swallowed thickly and placed them back in the drawer, taking another, smaller pair, out and slipped them on. They were size medium and just a little big, but they would do. He went over to the closet and took a pair of jeans off their hanger and put them on, the dark denim hanging low on his hips as he buttoned them. He decided on a Wolverine t-shirt, one that he’d bought long ago that had become too tight in recent years.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
His legs were moving before he even realized what he was doing, and the next thing he knew, the package was in his hands and he was shoving the cookies into his mouth two to three at a time.
“Yeah, okay.”
“What are you doing?” Cas asked in a low voice, lips close to Dean’s ear as Anna and Gadreel left to go visit another table.
“Maybe I could read it sometime,” she offered as she pulled into the parking lot of the bookstore.
One second, the sun was shining brightly in his eyes and the sounds of Bob Seger’s
“I’m cool with that, but next time, call or text me, okay?” Dean chided lightly.
She frowned but more people were starting to filter in and ask questions, forcing her worries temporarily to the background. Before she knew it, it was a little after one thirty, and the store had finally quieted down enough that she decided Dean needed to break for lunch.
“T-thank you,” he answered and mustered up the best grin that he could. She winked at him and disappeared back to her original place behind the counter.
Chapter 4 : Can't Love Me - (featuring Tyler Blackburn) Novi
Claire automatically rolled her eyes in irritation. “Lunch. You know, that meal that comes in between breakfast and dinner?”
At that, the expression on Dean’s face transformed from one of anger to surprise to finally, guilt.
Cas parked across the street from the bar, all the spaces in front of it having already been taken. Being ever the gentlemen, Cas hurriedly exited the jeep first and opened the car door for him. Dean couldn’t help but smile at the gesture.
“Maybe what?” Donna asked, taking it from her and hanging it up.
“Uh…yeah, I guess?” Since the encounter was growing more strained by the minute, Dean forced an excuse between his lips. “Well, I’ve got to get going. It was, uh, nice to see you, Gabe,” he added, scratching the back of his neck and keeping his lips tipped upwards.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam watched as she looked up from tying her apron and her eyes widened in recognition and a warm but concerned smile etched up the corners of her lips.
He considered making some coffee but decided against it when he checked the time. He’d been driving to work again, inwardly hating himself for it, but he didn’t want to appear suspicious to Jody and Donna anymore, so he had started taking daily walks at the park before work to make up for the steps he’d miss by not walking there. They still watched him closely, and he was doing everything he could to make it seem like everything was fine.
He did
He’d passed out easily enough due to exhaustion being his near constant companion, but now that he couldn’t seem to find a single comfortable position to sleep in, he sat back up. Scrubbing the sleep from his eyes, he put on his glasses and checked the time with his phone.
“I’m not killing myself, Sam! There’s nothing wrong me!” Dean reiterated, cords pulling noticeably in his throat as he matched his brother’s volume.
“My God, Dean. How much do you weigh? 300? 400? How could you do this to yourself?”
Somehow.
The three words hit him like a brick, and he found himself wondering if he’d just been imagining them when Dean pulled himself away from Castiel and leaned his back against the bed. He pulled his knees up to his chest and bowed his head between them.
A rush of euphoria flooded through his system, and a small smile tugged up the corners of his lips.
“Bye,” the darker haired man said with a grin, and Dean rolled his eyes but returned the gesture before opening the door and heading down their front steps.
Dean stared at the leather material, confused for a moment before taking it from Cas’s hand and slipping it on.  He sat down on the bed, and put his shoes back on, then quickly stood back up.
Dean led the way away from the counter and over to a table in the corner. Sam followed and sat down, unable to stop fidgeting with a loose thread on his t-shirt.
“I’ll try to get out as early as I can,” Dean promised with a wink, and headed down the stairs. Cas followed, biting his bottom lip as his gaze landed on his husband’s ass. It took every ounce of self-control he had not to pick Dean back up and take him straight into their bedroom. He let out a breath as they reached the bottom of the stairs, trying to snap out of it as Dean removed his hoodie from the coat hanger by the front door and slipped it on. “See you later,” he said as he opened the door.
“I love you,” he said, voice almost a whisper as he cupped Dean’s cheek.
“You had no right to rummage through my things!” he shouted, face now inches away from Sam’s.
“Bet you’re not going to miss this weather,” Dean commented as his teeth chattered in his mouth. He clenched his jaw shut in an attempt to curtail the involuntary movement, though it did little to help.
Chapter 8 : Afterglow - INXS
Castiel ran a hand through his dark hair, a sigh escaping his lips as the hand came to rest back under his chin as he leaned forward in the hard, plastic hospital chair.
“Whoa, you okay there, buddy?” Garth asked, placing a light hand on his shoulder, brow lowered in concern.
“You okay?” Cas asked, rubbing comforting circles on Dean’s back.
Salad – 300 calories
“I have to report on the twelfth of January,” he murmured, and felt Dean’s breath hitch slightly at that.
“Aw, thank you, Castiel,” she gushed, and Cas didn’t miss Dean rolling his eyes behind her back. “I was worried they wouldn’t have the dress ready because I had to get it taken in because I lost so much weight. I never knew planning a wedding could be so stressful! At least you two didn’t have to worry about having to fit into a dress,” she joked, hand still lingering on Cas’s arm, much to Dean’s dismay.
I am so, so sorry that it's taken me this long to post something new, but I do hope that it was worth the wait. I have the next two weekends off, so hopefully, I'll be able to update sooner. Also, I can't thank you all enough for all the comments! I really do appreciate every single one! :)
“And I’m the one taking too long,” Cas scoffed playfully and Dean narrowed his eyes at him, making quick work of stripping the man below him of the rest of his uniform.
“See you at work on Monday,” Michael said and waved as well.
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
He swallowed thickly, trying desperately to collect his thoughts.
“Take it easy, Mrs. Baker,” he said, and Jody watched his shoulders deflate in relief as she led Mrs. Baker to the beverage stand.
“What happened, Dean? Huh?” Sam asked, closing the distance between them and getting right in his brother’s face. His years of schooling combined with his natural ability to not leave someone alone until they told him the truth was out in full force. “Tell me!” he shouted, and something in Dean’s expression gave, if only for a second. Sam leaned in impossibly close, eyes agleam with anger. “Tell me, Dean!”
“Now, young man,” she ordered, and he finally relented and went back into the living room. Instead of crowding onto the couch, he sat down in the over-sized and comfortable recliner chair that he’d heard Donna complain about Jody falling asleep in more than once. He could definitely understand why as he settled into it, wondering if he and Cas should get one.
“Maybe,” Cas laughed lowly. The lack of light and the shadows from the television screen highlighted Dean’s cheekbones, and Cas could feel himself beginning to get hard. “And hot too,” he added as an afterthought, removing the black t-shirt he had on and tossed it to the hardwood floor.
Dean? What had made him change so drastically?
“Six o’clock sharp,” he replied with a nod and a wave.
“Yeah, that sounds,” and he had to clear his throat again, “about right. Can-can I have a glass of water?” he asked, still only able to make second-long glances at her. Why was this so fucking hard? He’d been able to stand up to her in the hospital, so why the fuck couldn’t he do it now?
“But…you’re not,” Jack stated simply. “Dean, do you know how much I weigh?”
He made it home just before ten thirty, face falling further when he saw that Cas’s jeep still wasn’t in the driveway. It hurt, even though he knew it was a part of Cas’s job and there was nothing either one could do about it. It didn’t stop his chest from tightening or curtail the lump that was currently forming in his throat.
“And you still look like a hobbit,” Dean shot back, the jibe earning a round of laughter around the table.
Dean turned off the water and carefully stood up, his head still reeling in the dizzy sensation that was now casting bright spots all over his vision.
something, she thought.
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
“Like what?” Dean asked, expression still more inquisitive than angry.
He was living off of seven hundred calories a day, if he was lucky.
He opened his mouth to speak, but his voice cracked immediately, forcing him to clear his throat. “I’m sorry?” he responded, brow lowered in confusion.
“Sounds like I need to rectify that,” Cas stated huskily, and started to lift Dean’s shirt up. He watched Dean visibly tense, but he didn’t care. He leaned down and teased one of Dean’s nipples with his tongue, twirling it round and round as he undid the loose jeans. His dick got even harder when he saw just how loose they really were, and he was pretty sure luck was the only thing keeping them up before he had gotten to them.
Chapter 6 : Redbone - Childish Gambino
“Sam, look – I promise, I really am fine, alright? Let me know what date and time you plan on being here, and I’ll make sure I’ll be at the airport waiting for you, okay?”
“Cas – what, what are you talking about?” Dean asked, eyes wide as he glanced down at himself and immediately wanted to vomit.
“Have I told you how gorgeous you are?” he whispered seductively in Dean’s ear, and Dean shook his head.
Eventually, he’d managed to calm down enough to make them both something to eat, though he barely touched his food. His mind was too consumed with exactly how many calories was in the sauce of the fettuccine alfredo, and how he really didn’t need that much of it, even if it would be the only thing he’d eat that day.
“What?” Dean asked, eyes still a bright green and bathed in sadness.
The room was dark, the sun having set hours before. The only sounds were the tiny whimpers and sobs of two-year-old Sammy, and the quiet soothing noises coming from Dean.
“I’ll show you adorable alright,” Dean threatened and smacked Cas’s ass again as he leaned over and turned on the hot water.
“Claire thought that it would be a good idea for us to eat together, like we used to,” Jack added, eyes bright and small smile on his lips.
“Hmm, wonder who that could be,” Dean said with that tight smile that Jody wished would be real and actually reach his eyes.
“She does look beautiful,” Cas agreed, gaze straying to Dean. He couldn’t help but smile, admiration for the other man clearly present on his face, even if Dean was doing what he couldn’t —paying attention to the damned wedding.
Chicken salad – 200 calories
will,” Dean affirmed, holding his glass up and downing its contents in front of her.
“We’re going to be late!” Cas called out, straightening his blue tie as he glanced in the full length mirror that graced their bedroom door. It was the day of Gadreel’s wedding and he was one of his groomsman. He was dressed in a gray suit, with a white button up shirt underneath and black dress shoes.
Everything was going to be okay.
Dean moaned as Cas slid his hand under his shirt, nails teasing his smooth skin. “God, I missed you,” he mumbled, running his hand through Cas’s hair. “Dammit,” he cursed as his phone started to vibrate in his pocket, the ring tone signaling that it was Jody, his boss from the bookstore.
Banana – 100 calories
He sighed and opened his eyes, hating that he had to do it, but knew it was inevitable if he wanted to make it home in one piece. He reached into one of the bags and took out the hand of bananas he’d just purchased and tore one off the bunch. Swallowing thickly, he began to peel it slowly and broke off the tip of it and forced it into his mouth. He chewed slowly, breaking it apart piece by piece until it was gone.
“Are you sick?” he asked automatically, pulling away from his significant other and giving him a once over.
It took a second for him to realize who the second voice belonged to.
It was probably better that Sam waited outside for the time being. He didn’t want them to get thrown completely out of the hospital.
They’d only been separated for a few weeks at a time since then, mostly when he’d had training classes here and there, but for the most part, Dean had been with him every step of the way.
“Got it,” Jack said with an appreciative nod. “Wait, that’s what Seven Minutes in Heaven is?” he asked in disbelief, almost dropping the
“No, I don’t think that would’ve been a good decision,” Jack said, tone nothing but serious. “She’s—“
Music began to play, and two by two, the bridesmaids and groomsman made their way down the isle. Cas reached out as he and one of Anna’s sisters passed Dean, gently touching his arm and sending a wink his way. The reaction from Dean was almost instantaneous — a barely noticeable smile crept across his face as his shoulders relaxed ever so slightly and he rested his hands on his knees, the nervousness slowly seeping away. They soon reached the end of the isle, Anna’s sister, Hael and he breaking apart and going to their respective sides of the isle. He stood next to Gabriel, Michael, and Gadreel’s brother, Ezekiel.
“Are you hungry?” Cas asked, gaze drifting to the buffet style tables that were set up, filled with chicken, salads, and various sides.
“Look, Jack, I know you’re just trying to help, but eating disorders are for chicks, okay? I’m just… trying to be healthy,” Dean defended himself, no matter how weak sounding the excuse was.
“Alrighty, Kaia, it’s nice to meet you and welcome! I guess we’re gonna get this party started, huh?” she announced, and led her mother towards the dining room. “If you’re hungry, follow us!”
“It doesn’t even hurt,” Dean mumbled so lightly Castiel almost didn’t hear him.
Dean took in a sharp breath, looking like a snake prepared to strike when Castiel leaned forward and kissed him, soft lips pressing against Dean’s chapped ones. He felt hesitation on Dean’s part at first, even going so far as to press a thin hand against his chest as if to push him away, but his resolve quickly fell through, and he melted into Castiel, skin cool to the touch as his fingers grazed the stubble on his cheek.
He wanted to believe them, but they were wrong.
“What are you talking about? I’m not arguing with you about anything. I was just –”
“Sit down,” Claire instructed as she pulled out her phone and took a bite of her sandwich, not even bothering to look up at him as she did so.
“Why what?” Cas asked, confused, forcing himself to look back up into his husband’s eyes.
Sam looked around, not missing how the house was just as clean, if not more so, than the Impala. Everything seemed to have its place, though it was decorated sparsely, just a few pictures hanging on the walls here and there. “You comin’?” Dean called out from the top of the steps, and Sam rolled his eyes. “Might wanna watch your head, Sammy, might hit it on the ceiling or something,” Dean jabbed with his words, chuckling as Sam huffed at him.
Dean gulped, his mind beginning to race. They couldn’t admit him without his consent, could they?
“Maybe,” Dean shrugged nonchalantly, slouching further in his seat.
“God, you’re beautiful,” he whispered in Dean’s ear as he slid in all the way down to the hilt, hand splayed firmly across Dean’s stomach in a possessive manner. He began to thrust into him, taking his sweet time at first — in and out, in and out, inch by delicious inch — but the gentleness only lasted so long. He quickened his speed, other hand sliding up Dean’s spine as he slammed into him, switching positions briefly so that he was hitting the spot that made Dean moan his name.
Sure enough, Castiel was there, standing next to Sam, both with dangerous expressions on their faces. The moment Dean’s presence was finally noticed, both of their gazes had landed on him simultaneously. Two sets of eyes widened, taking in his sweat-soaked apparel and bloodshot eyes.
“I try,” Cas smirked and released him. “Go,” he sighed playfully, “Before I’m unable to control myself.”
“You look beautiful, by the way,” Cas said, and she blushed at the compliment.
Chapter 11 : Colony - Now, Now
He didn’t feel much better as he pulled away from the curb, but at least he wasn’t dry heaving on the pavement anymore, so there was that.
for his going away party, an event Dean was definitely not looking forward to.
Dean shared a look with Cas, both smiling albeit sadly at one another as Cas broke eye contact and shook his head. “I think we’re just going to spend the day together around the house,” Cas replied, reaching underneath the table to place his hand on Dean’s knee. It’s warmth was a grounding presence that pulled Dean out of the depths of his tortured thoughts. He put his hand on top of Cas’s and interlocked their fingers together, the gesture slowly forcing the anxiousness he was feeling to creep away.
Dean was sitting at the table, the small bowl he had put in the fridge earlier in front of him, still more than half full of…salad?
His jeans were too large, by far, and if Sam had to guess, he was clothed in at least two layers, maybe even three and it was over ninety degrees outside; but Dean didn’t seem to be bothered in the least by the heat.
After Dean’s graduation, they’d gotten an apartment together. It wasn’t anything special, but it was theirs, and that was all that had mattered. Time was still a precious thing between them since Dean had decided to take classes at the local community college. He’d wanted to be a writer someday, or that was the plan at least.
“It’ll be okay,” Cas whispered in his ear, and piece by piece, he began to remove Dean’s clothing.
His birthday had been a few weeks before, and from what she had gathered from their mostly one-sided conversations as of late, his husband had gifted him with an old-fashioned typewriter in hopes of giving him the inspiration to write again. He’d had tears in his eyes when he’d told her about it, so she’d tried not to bring it up too much, but still wanted to encourage him at the same time. He had let her read some of the short stories he’d written in the past, and she couldn’t understand why’d he stopped writing. He was quite talented, that was for sure.
. He’d walked almost twenty thousand steps already, and that’s all that really mattered.
It had been two days since Dean had confessed to Sam. Two, long dreadful days of going back and forth about whether Dean should seek treatment, and where he should seek it from.
Dean stared at the numbers on the scale, disbelief on his face.
“Dean, we both know that you didn’t forget anything, so let’s just cut the BS now, shall we?” Her words caused the heart monitor that was still conveniently attached to his fingertip to speed up once again. Dean scowled and quickly pulled it off, tossing it down onto the bed below. “That took a little longer than I thought it would,” she added, an eyebrow raised at his most recent action. “But I don’t need a piece of equipment to warn me when you’re lying.”
It felt like the more weight he lost, the better things were between Cas and him. Cas couldn’t keep his hands off of him, and Dean couldn’t help but wonder why.
“Does anything exciting ever happen in this town?” Gabriel quipped, sitting down at the table with a beer of his own.
“It’s been awhile,” Sam stated, inwardly hoping he didn’t pull away from the hug too fast.
His stomach growled loudly, as though it were playing a poker game with his brain and just called instead of folded like it usually did.
He was fucking
At that moment, the sound of a microphone being turned on caught his attention, the DJ’s voice quieting the crowd. “Just a quick announcement from the lovely couple of the evening.” The DJ was young, presumably in his early twenties, and dwarfed by Gadreel’s six foot two height.
“It won’t be okay until your back,” Dean returned, taking in a breath as Cas pulled off his t-shirt, the cool air more than evident as it hit his skin, forcing goosebumps to arise on his pale flesh.
“I’m sorry if things were…weird tonight,” Cas said. “Gabriel…well, he just –”
Dean realized in that moment that it was first time Cas had baked something since…
“Do you have a reason why we shouldn’t be?” Jack asked innocently, and Dean scoffed in response, though his heart was still beating a mile a minute to the darkness that was still covering his vision.
“Claire still coming?” Dean called out to Jody, peering over the chair into the kitchen.
“I’ll talk to you later, okay?”
He felt an odd sense of giddiness as he sat back down and began the task of finishing his plate. He’d actually be able to eat pie again, at least for the night. It would suck coming back up, just as everything else would, but at least he’d be able to relish the
“I don’t want to be the one to assume or jump to conclusions, but I don’t know what else could explain it. I’d say it could be depression, but I really don’t think that’s it,” she said as she led the way into the kitchen, inhaling the glorious smell of Donna’s lasagna that was wafting from the oven.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
He’d finally admitted to himself then that okay, maybe he had lost a little weight, but it wasn’t anything to freak out about.
, and he acted like he didn’t even realize it.
His stomach grumbled loudly, reminding him that he had yet to eat anything since the night before. He narrowed his eyes at the traitorous part of himself that told him he actually needed to eat – that logic was horse shit and he knew it.
Carrots – 35 calories
Dean chuckled at him. “Well, it is like thirty degrees out here, so there’s that.”
His anxious expression transformed into a guilty one as soon as they made eye contact. “Dean, I’m sorry for showing up so early. I-I —“ He paused, biting his bottom lip, his gaze slipping to the ground below.
“You’re sure? I know Donna wouldn’t mind —“
“Call me Chuck, Castiel. It’s Chuck for the night,” the Master Chief stated with a crooked grin, clapping him on the shoulder as he came to stand, albeit swaying badly. Cas quickly steadied the smaller man, and threw an apologetic smile Dean’s way.
, he wondered.
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean,” Kaia said with a small smile on her thin face, and shook his hand.
His stomach was full and large, the buttons so strained on his shirt that they looked like they were about to pop off at any second. He held his hand out in front of himself, his fingers were thick, his hand pudgy. The watch he wore on his wrist was tight, and as his gaze traveled upwards, he saw just how meaty and flabby his arm truly was.
“To the
The only problem was that while he had enjoyed the time off, he also hadn’t been walking nearly as much and hated the fact that he’d been eating a little more than he knew he should have. He’d wanted to be as small as possible for Cas, but that definitely wasn’t going to happen now.
Sam continued to steal glances at him as they drove, only half-listening to the story Dean was telling. Worry had clamored into his brain, and the harder he tried, the worse his train of thought progressed.
chose to wear that shirt. Don’t get mad that the rest of us are so appreciative,” he stated and took another drink from the beer, feeling like a major lightweight due to the fact that he was somehow already slightly buzzed.
“Yeah,” he said with a small, half smile. “I’ll be fine. Tell Donna I said hi,” he added, sliding the last few books back into their respective slots.
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
“Hmmm? Oh,
“Get off of me!” he spat through a clenched jaw. Sweat was beginning to glisten on his forehead and his breathing was becoming labored.
Chapter 12 : Broken Wings - Mr. Mister
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry,” he murmured, voice low and breaking.
He groaned and sat up, the beginnings of a headache or possible migraine buzzing in the back of his skull.
The nightmare flashed passed Dean’s eyes as he raced over to him and wrapped his arms around the man whose mouth was still hanging slightly agape in surprise.
“Dean, please, you have to listen to me -” Castiel began but Dean shook his head and took another step back.
Dean was his everything, and to not be able to see him every day or touch him — that was going to hurt.
“What? Oh, um…$35.29,” she answered, glancing at him as she placed all the items into two bags.
Thank you all once again for the lovely comments and kudos! They truly are appreciated! :)
Cas chimed in. “If it’s not comic book related or Dr. Sexy, he’s not watching it.”
“Bye, Dean.”
Reluctantly, he’d forced himself to go grocery shopping instead. That had been a chore in itself, minus the fact of running into Gabe
He relieved himself and then washed his hands, glancing in the mirror as he did so. His eyes narrowed as he studied his face. Sure, maybe it was a little bit thinner, but Gabriel was exaggerating. He
She procured a card from her coat pocket and handed it to him, which he took reluctantly.
“Hell, you can turn it up a little more if you want. The hot flashes haven’t quite kicked in just yet,” and those words earned her a groan and retreating footsteps. She couldn’t help but laugh at that and turned on the pot. She checked her watch and seeing that they still had a good forty-five minutes before the store opened, sat down and dug into the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich.
. He did a quick calculation in his head and figured that he had just enough time to walk instead of drive if he left at that moment, so he promtply rinsed out his mug and set it in the dish rack to dry.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked, finally meeting Ellen’s eyes. They were warm and chocolate colored but knowing as well.
“I told you I was going to be late. If you can’t tell time, that’s your problem, not mine,” she answered, shrugging off her jacket and setting it behind the counter.
“Sounds great,” he muttered distractedly as he typed in a few things on the screen and there was a beeping as both registers became fully operational. She could tell he was avoiding her gaze, but still took it as a win regardless.
Sam sighed and ran his hands down the knees of his jeans.
Sweat began to bead on his forehead as the sun rose sometime later, the temperature already beginning to climb into the high eighties as he walked from block to block. He ignored the pain in his knees and feet as he continued, mile after mile.
He yanked his glasses off, scrubbing a hand furiously at his still leaking eyes.
He could do this.
“What’s up?” Dean asked, blowing on the coffee before taking a sip.
Once the coffee was finished, she filled the carafe up and his
Wherever they ate the last few days, Dean had always ordered the house salad with the dressing on the side, not once even touching the stuff.
Thank you all once again for the lovely comments and kudos! They truly are appreciated! :)
“Yes, it is that easy, Dean. I’ll take some time off and help you. You just have to admit that you have a problem. There are treatments out there than can help you. That can make you better.”
“Um, very informational, and an early flight opened up, so I took it. Didn’t wanna be away from you any longer,” he grinned, wrapping his arms back around Dean’s waist. He started to kiss his neck which earned a low laugh from the taller man.
Of course, Sam would follow their stupid Facebook page. Everyone at the bookstore enjoyed it but him. He understood that it helped with the business side of things, but still…
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
“Yes,
Ever since they’d been together, Dean had always been heavier than him. Not by much, roughly fifteen to twenty pounds or so, he also being an inch and a half taller.
She came out of the office a few hours later, thankful to have wrapped up all her usual Monday morning routines. She went to go start another pot of coffee, but Dean had already beat her to the punch. It was just finishing up as she walked in. She refilled her mug, and almost jumped out of her skin when she glanced over her shoulder, Dean seeming to appear out of nowhere.
(See the end of the chapter for
drifting through his head.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
“For one year. Afterwards, depending upon the situation, you may be called to remain there for the following year, or you’ll be reassigned to another location,” Shurley answered.
“Dean?” It took a moment for him to realize that someone was calling his name, too caught up in whether he should buy the damned pint of strawberries or not.
Dean stared at him for a moment, a hint of something akin to anger edging his brow lower until his face softened and he nodded.
“You guys are killing me,” Dean muttered with a playful roll of the eyes and took another bite of stuffing. “This is really good,” he said, pointing to the food. “You two really outdid yourselves.”
She laughed in response and shook her head. “Um, no.”
Sam smiled grimly and shook his head, his bangs gently brushing against his forehead in the process. “No, I just…don’t want to think about it right now. It’s over and done with, and I’m just trying to move on.”
“Hey, Sammy, how’s it going?”
“I’m not making it weird, Dean,” Sam stated, tone bordering on even.
Shame snaked its way through his veins as fresh tears blurred his vision at her words. He hurriedly blinked them back and narrowed his gaze.
“You have no idea,” Cas said, squeezing Dean the slightest bit tighter before releasing him and taking the cup of coffee from his hands. “But when you’re as stunningly handsome as you are, it’s kind of hard not to,” he said and leaned against the counter, smug look planted firmly on his face.
Even if it was far from it.
“So you’re saying I actually get to have you all to myself?” Cas asked, getting up from his chair and coming to stand behind Dean. He wrapped his arms around his waist again and kissed his cheek.
Ellen paused before she entered the room. Castiel was so lost in his thoughts that he almost bumped into her but corrected himself just in time.
“I’m – uh – I’m good, still at the, at the base, ya know.” Gabriel cleared his throat and glanced around before licking his lips and changing the subject. “So, have you talked to Cas recently?”
Dean was thin, almost to the point of being bony, his ribs peaking through his pale flesh and Cas couldn’t help but reach out and run his fingertips down the hollows in between the bones. His waist was thin, the size thirty-twos he’d bought him being held up with a belt that was clearly too big for him for now, several holes having been made since he’d reached the smallest one.
“Well…I have a week off between classes next month, and I was wondering if it would be okay to come out and see you…”
A brow raised as she took note of the scratches on his knuckles before they disappeared into the shelter of his jacket, curiosity now clamoring at her brain.
His weight -
Jody watched as Dean waved in return, the smile quickly disappearing from his face as soon as he thought no one was looking. It was replaced with a neutral expression, as though he had checked out from the rest of the world and went into his own.
Jody sighed in his wake, hoping against hope that she’d be able to get through to him somehow. It was as though he was completely oblivious to the fact that people worried or cared about him. She didn’t know too much about his familial background, just that he had a little brother that he was quite proud of but didn’t get to see often since he was going to college in California and studying to be a lawyer. He never spoke of his parents, which meant they had either passed or didn’t have a speaking relationship. She never prodded too much, just figured that if he ever did say, he would do it of his own accord and not because he was pushed into doing so.
He stared at himself in the mirror, biting his bottom lip. Even though the scale had told him that he’d lost weight, he couldn’t see it. He lifted up his t-shirt and stared at his stomach, his lip curling in disgust. He hadn’t had any pie in almost five months (or hardly anything with sugar in it for that matter), but he could still see fat hanging over the waistband of his jeans that appeared at least two sizes too big now. They were baggy on him just like every other piece of clothing that he owned.
And he wasn’t sure he had the self-control to make it through the night without looking like a complete fool.
“Bahrain,” Cas answered, chest aching at the sight of Dean already trying to make plans to accommodate them. “I’m being deployed on the
Cas took that moment and let the image burn into his brain as he took in the much slighter man that stood before him — the loose jeans; the flannel shirt that boasted hues of blue, black, white and red with the sleeves rolled up to just below his elbows; and his hair that was a little longer than he usually kept it — God, this was going to hurt.
“What?” he asked, glancing up as he typed in the password to the system.
He blushed at the compliment, but shook his head. “Just making sure you two aren’t working yourselves too hard is all,” he said, and took another sip of the beer.
But what?
“You as well,” she returned and scooted over.
That got his attention.
“Thanks,” he murmured, setting the fork down so he could take a sip of it.
“Which one has caught your attention now?” she asked nonchalantly as she started a fresh pot of coffee, taking note that it appeared he hadn’t used any dressing on it whatsoever. She still couldn’t believe her eyes or the notion that Dean Winchester was actually sitting in front of her eating a salad.
“It’s okay to call me Kelly, Dean,” the woman chided with a kind but tired smile on her face. “It’s nice to see you again.” Thanks to Jack, Dean knew that she was a nurse and had been taking on extra shifts as of late. More than likely to buy Jack Christmas presents, although the teenager claimed it was for bills.
“Dean - ”
“It’s probably best that we sit down,” Cas stated, heart starting to break at the concerned look glimmering in Dean’s green eyes.
Dean rolled his eyes but followed suit, removing his glasses and setting them on the sink counter before accepting Cas’s hand and getting in. Cas moved so that Dean could stand directly under the showerhead, letting him take the brunt of the hot water. Cas picked up the body wash that Dean used, popping the top open and pouring the honey scented liquid out onto the palm of his hand. He set the bottle back down and splayed his hand across Dean’s chest, slowly but surely lathering him up. A smile crept upon Dean’s lips as Cas made sure that every inch of him was covered in the deliciously scented substance, including his cock.
Dean met her gaze, keeping quiet for the moment. He wanted to throw his own building frustration right back at her, but he could see the worry in her eyes, even if she’d never admit to it. He glanced at Jack, seeing the same in his and sighed. “Look, Jody will be back in two weeks. Until then, I think I can manage, and excuse me for not complaining enough, but when you finally become an adult, you’ll understand,” he said with a finite tone. The front door bells jingled and he went to stand, but Claire beat him to the punch and shoved him back down to the chair.
Dean was busy cleaning up the children’s section after a customer’s three hyperactive spawn had made quite the mess of it. Dean was a magician when it came to tidying up things. No matter how large or chaotic the mess, he always had it fixed quickly and efficiently. Almost every book they’d thrown on the floor or misplaced was back where it was supposed to be.
Chapter 10 : Crystalised - The XX
“So, what are we going to do?” Donna asked as she removed the lasagna dish from the oven and set it on top of the stove.
“And here I thought every teenager just sat around and texted each other nowadays. Good to know some things haven’t changed,” Jody chimed in, patting Jack on the shoulder.
“It was an accident, Dean! Okay? I wasn’t going through your things!” Sam defended himself, but Dean wasn’t having it.
Dean’s knees went week momentarily so he grasped at Cas’s head, his fingers finding purchase in his dark, damp hair.
He inhaled Dean’s scent, then closed his eyes.
He took a moment before he stood up on shaky knees, flushing down his transgressions, then rinsing his mouth out with water. He took his glasses off as well so he could splash some of the cooly refreshing water on his face. Once he’d dried it off, he put his glasses back on and studied himself in the mirror. His face was still splotchy from the forced vomiting, but his stomach was empty again and for that he was grateful. He let out a few deep breaths before shutting the water off and exiting the bathroom.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
“Answer me, dammit!” Sam shouted and that time Dean jumped at the command, eyes owlish and wide behind his glasses. “Was this Castiel’s idea? Was it?”
“Can I get you guys anything to drink?” Donna asked, appearing once more from the kitchen. “We’ve got soda, water, punch, or even wine,” she added with a wink. “Oh, and hot cocoa too.”
“I’m fine, Dean, really,” Sam stated with a nod. “Or, I will be anyway.”
“Love you, brother!” Gabriel shouted from somewhere in the hall, his eruption met with laughter.
“Cas? That you?” Dean called out. “Because if it’s not, there’s gonna be a problem,” Dean warned and Cas felt the tiniest of smiles creep upon his face.
“Hey, how’s it going?” he responded automatically, brow narrowing when he realized they’d said his name. He glanced up, eyes widening as he saw Kaia, Claire’s girlfriend staring back at him. “Oh, hey, Kaia,” he greeted, skin tightening on his cheeks as his lips turned upwards again. He was starting to feel like a deer caught in headlights more and more nowadays. “Haven’t seen you around the store lately. Where’ve you been?”
He yawned and forced himself to stand up, scrubbing his hands across his still hoodie-covered arms, chilly despite the thermostat being set at seventy-eight degrees. He made his way upstairs and into the bathroom, the shower knobs squeaking ever so slightly in protest as he turned them on, more hot than cold.
Salad – 30 calories
“So does Mrs. Baker,” he shot back. Mrs. Baker was one of their regulars who came in every Monday and Thursday at precisely eleven o’clock and had a massive crush on Dean. She was also 73.
Sam sighed across the line. “Fine, yeah, I will.”
“Yeah, it does get fairly warm over there. Kind of like hell, right?” Gabriel joked, and Dean just stared at him, the smile now more forced than anything.
Sam pulled the headphones from off his ears, the music having stopped long before.
Dean swallowed thickly, closing his eyes for a moment. When he opened them and his vision was still obliterated by darkness, he should his head. “No, I think – I think I just need to sit down for a moment…”
“Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Lambert International Airport…”
His phone ringing roused him from his fantasies, his co-worker and friend’s name popping up on the screen.
“Hello, Dean,” the older woman greeted as they approached. Dean looked up from the books he was placing in alphabetical order and smiled that small, tight smile in return.
Gadreel was the first to spot them, and waved them over to the table that he was currently sharing with Gabriel and Michael. Dean hadn’t seen them since Gad’s wedding, and he watched as the expression on their faces changed when he took off his coat and hung it on the back of his chair. He immediately pulled his flannel tighter around his thin frame, desperately hoping to hide as much of himself as he could.
He sighed as he went into the bedroom to grab his shoes, taking note of the empty bed. He hadn’t seen Cas in almost three days due to there being emergency drills at the base, and he honestly wasn’t sure when he was going to be back home. They really hadn’t seen much of each ofter since Dean took over management duties at the bookstore, sharing the occasional dinner once or twice a week. They’d both been putting in long hours, and it had definitely taken its toll.
Shame wrapped itself around him like a blanket and he met his own gaze in one of the airport’s wide windowpanes, the sight of his large body forcing his mouth agape. Aside from his great mound of a stomach, his thighs were thick, and his neck had been replaced by a double chin.
(See the end of the chapter for
His knee bounced nervously as he stared at the wall, covered in eating disorder and mental health graphics.
“You make it so hard to leave when you do stuff like that, you know that, right?” Dean asked, a hint of a blush on his cheeks.
“We’ll get him home,” Gad stated, taking Cas’s place at Shurley’s side. “You two go home. Enjoy your time together.”
“Hi, Jody!” Cas called out and waved, and she waved in return. “That’s quite a festive apron you’ve got there,” he commented and she smiled.
Dean groaned. “Don’t go all mushy on me now, Sam. It’s so
Suddenly, Sam realized what was going on, and couldn’t help but wonder how the fuck he could’ve been so blind. His hands shook as he continued to flip through the pages, eyes beginning to water when he came upon the last page.
Thank you all once again for the lovely comments and kudos! They truly are appreciated! :)
“You’re halfway there, Chief, don’t stop now,” Dean murmured with a wink, and Cas couldn’t help but smile at the quip. He started undoing the belt, and once that task was completed, hooked his thumbs through the belt loops and slid the baggy denim down, revealing fitting boxer briefs that had to be new since they clung snugly to Dean’s small frame. “You’re taking too long,” Dean complained, and somehow managed to switch their positions. Cas chuckled at him as Dean forwent undoing the buttons on his uniform top and just slid it over Cas’s head, revealing a tight, white t-shirt in its wake. His green eyes widened at this, the tan that Cas somehow managed to hold during the winter showing clear and present along with his more muscular chest and arms.
“Sam,” Dean started, his voice holding an authoritative tone.
Chapter 8 : Afterglow - INXS
Jack opened his mouth to say something, but Claire promptly elbowed him in his ribs. “What did you do that for?” Jack asked indignantly, rubbing his side.
by Joe Cocker, and Cas couldn't help but get teary-eyed just thinking about it. He sniffled and gently laid his hand on Dean’s knee, drawing his attention.
Cas could hear the other voice on the digital line saying, “Dean, I know it’s your day off, but Claire and Jack both called off and I could really, really use your help…” He knew there was no way Dean could say no to the woman, so he eased off of his husband, giving him his best “it’s alright” face as Dean looked apologetically back at him.
“Hey, Dean,” he said, and the words didn’t come out as brittle as he thought they would as he opened his arms to hug his brother.
Thank you all once again for the lovely comments and kudos! They truly are appreciated! :)
Sam sat his bag down on the bed, figuring he could finish his inspection of the place later. Dean promised food, and he’d skipped breakfast that morning, in too much of a rush so he could make it to the airport on time. His stomach grumbled loudly enough at that moment for Dean to hear, leading to another series of chuckles from the smaller man.
Chapter 4 : Can't Love Me - (featuring Tyler Blackburn) Novi
Dean’s glasses had appeared too large on his thin face. That had been the first thing he’d noticed. Ever since they’d been together, they’d always framed his face perfectly, but now…
Dean shook his head and started to chuckle at himself. “I’m fine, but that was definitely a close one. You’re my hero,” he mocked, his voice a few octaves higher than normal and the concerned expression eased off of Cas’s visage as he slid his arm around Dean’s waist and led them across the street and into the bar.
He stood up and reached out his hand which Cas shook eagerly. “You earned it, Chief,” he stated, and patted him on the shoulder. The smile gradually disappeared off of his face, and was replaced with a more serious expression. “There is one other thing,” the Master Chief said and sat back down.
Chapter 6 : Redbone - Childish Gambino
And his brother’s eating habits didn’t go unnoticed by him either.
The last forty-eight hours had been like a whirlwind, and now he found himself in a “time-out” all thanks to a kind yet stern nurse named Ellen.
“I don’t want to just drop it, Dean. I want to talk about it and try to understand what has you so upset so I can help,” Cas explained, trying not to get angry himself. Dean could be like a hurricane sometimes, letting his anger swirl around him until it consumed everything in his path; present company included.
About eating Thanksgiving dinner.
Guilt was his constant companion, and he hated himself for it.
“Hey, Gadreel,” Cas greeted.
“Dean,” Sam began softly. “We need to talk.”
alone after all.
Dean sighed in response. “Fine, let’s get this over with,” he complied, and leaned in the slightest bit closer to Cas as they exited the church. “Maybe we’ll get lucky and there’ll be an open bar,” Dean joked and Cas chuckled, opening the passenger door for Dean once they made it back to the jeep. “You sure are being sweet to me today. Any particular reason why?” Dean inquired once Cas was in the driver’s seat, curious expression set upon his features.
“Hey,” Cas greeted him, closing the door behind him and making his way over to the sofa.
No matter how hard he tried to hide it.
The smell of bacon and eggs roused him from sleep, and he forced himself to get up, slipping out of the covers ever so reluctantly. Cas rubbed the sleep from his eyes and pulled on a white t-shirt and dark jeans, the t-shirt clinging snuggly to his larger arms and chest. He forewent socks and shoes, heading to the bathroom to relieve himself and brush his teeth instead, then finally going downstairs and into the kitchen.
The bells on the door decided to jingle at that very moment, and she smiled in greeting as Mrs. Baker came in. “Is it eleven already? How are you doing today, my dear?” Jody asked.
“You’ll be the best prosecuting attorney the state of California’s ever seen,” Dean said, a large grin lighting up his face. After a few moments of silence, he added, “I’m proud of you, Sammy.”
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
Cas let a small smile tug up the corners of his lips as he thoroughly coated his dick with the silky substance, then squeezed more out and ducked down, crashing his lips against Dean’s. Dean moaned into the kiss, and grabbed Cas’s shoulders as Cas ran his fingers down Dean’s own throbbing cock, over his balls, and then finally circling the tight ring of muscle to his entrance. He painstakingly teased him with one finger, pushing it in and out, in and out before adding a second, then a third. When he felt as though he’d efficiently tormented Dean long enough, he removed his fingers and grabbed an unused pillow; raising Dean’s hips up and sliding it underneath of him. Without a word, he settled on his knees and pulled Dean forward. He didn’t think it was possible to get any more turned on than he already was, but the delicious moan Dean let out as he pushed inside him sent him into a tailspin. He roughly gripped Dean by his hips, blood rushing to both his ears and dick as he slammed into him over and over, tilting Dean’s hips up just enough so that he was continuously hitting his prostate. It didn’t take long for either man to go over the edge, Cas trailing just a few seconds behind Dean.
Dean was standing at the stove, back to him and Cas could see that he’d changed from the night before. He was clad in a loose, hunter green henley and jeans that were clearly too large on him now.
Dean had went with him everywhere since then, even spending a year in Guam.
“Hey,” Cas said, reaching out and taking Dean’s hands in his. “It’s going to be okay, alright? We’ll get you your pants, and head out. C’mon.” He carefully lead Dean back into their bedroom and slid open the closet door. He spread the hangers apart until he found the black slacks, carefully pressed and definitely Dean’s. “I don’t even think
Dean nodded, and Cas squeezed him just a bit tighter. “So what would you like to do?” Cas asked after a moment, and Dean shrugged in response, though his arms were still wrapped around him. Cas laughed lightly and gently pulled away from him, one hand sliding up from his waist to cup his cheek. He stared at Dean for a moment, at the cheekbones that were most definitely sharper; at the eyes so green that nothing could compare to how beautiful they truly were — not even the ocean at sunset or the view from the peak of the tallest mountain; at the lips that could make him go weak at a second’s notice, and he could only think of how fortunate he really was.
“Dean!” Cas’s voice called from downstairs, shaking him from his thoughts. “We should leave soon if we want to get there on time!”
Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair, wincing at the thinness of it. “I’m kind of pissed at both of them right now, so you can wait a little longer to tell them I’m awake, if that’s okay.”
“No, you can’t,” Jack argued. “What you’re experiencing is a black out. That’s what my mom calls it anyway. It usually happens to diabetics when their blood sugar drops too low. Wait, you’re not diabetic, are you?” And even though Dean still couldn’t see to save his life, he could only imagine the thoughtful expression on Jack’s young visage.
Thank you so much for the reviews and kudos! They are much appreciated. I'll try to update this story every week, and have another Destiel story in the works as well. Also, if you see any mistakes, please don't hesitate to let me know. ;)
The shame and guilt that had practically blanketed his husband like a shadow hadn’t gone unnoticed, but Dean was still too angry to care.
. He held the offending undergarment in front of him as though it were something disgusting, staring at it with a look of temporary disbelief.
It felt like he’d been slapped in the face. Dean stared open mouthed at Castiel, his green eyes wide and searching.
, raising his eyebrows as Dean approached them. “How’s it going, Deano?” the shorted man asked, looking him up and down.
“So how have you been?” Jody inquired, a more neutral expression easing back onto her face as she stared at Dean.
Guilt overwhelmed him the moment his fork hit the plate and he realized that not even a crumb was left over.
It was honestly taking everything he had in him to continue standing.
Gad let out a long breath as he pulled out his phone, receiving a text at that very moment from who Cas presumed was Gad’s soon to be wife, Anna. “Let’s just say, I’ll be glad when it’s over,” he said, taking a large gulp from his bottle and slipping his phone back into his pocket. “I love her but I’m positive wedding planning turns women into demonic beings, man. She wants everything to be perfect. I don’t know how much longer I can take it.”
“You need to eat that,” he instructed, and as much as Dean hated to admit it, the kid was right.
“If you were fine, you’d be able to see right now,” The words made the sweat that was slipping down Dean’s back and forehead feel even colder.
Master Chief Shurley was a smaller man with short, wavy brown hair. He was older than Cas by at least ten years, gray starting to become noticeable at his temples. On good days, he was laughing and joking along with the rest of the men, but on bad days, Cas knew from experience that he could be a real asshole though he kept that thought to himself. The man was his superior and though Cas got along well with the other men he served with, he preferred not to gossip or complain about the Master Chief, much to his friends’ chagrin.
