Sherlock’s release from hospital turned out to be far less of a hassle than John expected. A part of him was honestly expecting Mycroft to be there when he showed up, complete with a court order to stay away from Sherlock in hand. As it turned out, it was positively uneventful. The most difficult part was just getting Sherlock to sit still long enough to go through all the discharge instructions. John could understand the feeling of wanting to get out after being cooped up in a hospital room for too long, but Sherlock took it almost to another level.
He had never seen anything more beautiful – and it was more beautiful than it was erotic – than Sherlock kneeling before him, opening himself up, first with one finger, then two, and finally three. Sherlock’s moans as he added each finger, stretching himself more and more – John’s name on his lips – shot straight through John. If something didn’t happen soon, he was afraid he would suffer a heart attack.
Who has two thumbs, thinks she can speak French but really can't, and loves getting comments and/or corrections?
“One more kiss for the road!” This time it was Sarah who called out. Well, if that’s what the people wanted, John wasn’t going to be the one to deny them.
That willingness to oblige Sherlock turned out to be his undoing, because no sooner had John gotten comfortable, than there was a loud slapping sound, and a sizeable splash of water spattered John’s entire left side.
“No, no. Nothing like that, no. Molly Hooper – you’ve met her – her uncle works pathology at Bart’s. Sometimes he lets me use the lab there, look at samples and other things.” Best not mention the dead bodies and body parts just yet.
John’s light tone slipped way. “They hit you, they hurt you. I don’t really care what Moriarty does to me. I’ve lasted two months here, I can withstand anything he tries. But you… I’m not going to let him touch you again!” He growled.
Sitting across from each other at the sitting room desk, they ate their breakfast in silence. John was just starting to think that perhaps Sherlock didn’t remember what happened the night before – he had been very groggy – when he heard Sherlock clear his throat. Looking up, he saw Sherlock staring him, a look of nervous trepidation on his face. Dammit.
“Don’t get me wrong, John, I am more than eager to get back to our room and get you out of those clothes. I rather wanted you out of them before dinner, but you insisted we eat.”
“It’s my brain,” Sherlock explained. “Last week I had a PET scan done and during it I looked at pictures of you and of our life together, and listened to recordings your voice. Mike helped me out, he snuck me in using some fake patient name.”
– quite the opposite.” Sherlock panted, sliding one hand into John’s hair, and the other into the waistband of John’s pants, rocking his hips up to meet John’s thrusts. “Now please –
“Hurty. But they gave me an injection, and it’s not as hurty as it was before.” Sherlock shrugged, grabbing at John’s hand to pull him closer. Mmmm, that was better. John shouldn’t be far away, John needed to be close.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, do you have any idea how many restaurants there actually are in central London? It would be near impossible for me to have solved a case for every owner.” Sherlock said, taking a drink of his wine, the light of the candle Angelo placed on their table reflecting off the bottom of the glass. “And besides, I didn’t solve a case for Angelo.”
“You’re welcome. Now come on, nobody’s going to show up in the next ten minutes, and if they do, they’ll just e-mail me.” John smiled, shutting his computer and grabbing his bag. “Let’s go see a man about some cold cases!”
John let out a little moan when Sherlock began kissing his clavicle and worked his mouth up his neck. “And that –
“John! John, I thought that was you.” Came a familiar voice, and John turned just in time to see Lestrade jog up to him. Thank God, a familiar face. Lestrade looked haggard, and any other time John would have been the first to check how he was doing, but at the moment…
It doesn't take long for the police to arrive to haul the suspect away, and John and Sherlock return to John’s flat. Sherlock refuses to go to A&E, insisting John can patch him up. And though he is fuming at Sherlock, John gently washes the wound, sutures it up, and carefully wraps it in a clean bandage. Thank god he has a full first aid kit.
The last person was Mycroft, and John weighted whether or not to contact him, not knowing how he would be received. Mycroft was probably getting up to the minute reports, and probably knew everything that was going on as it happened; he didn’t
“I’m absolutely perfect, never felt better. Though I do have a rather annoying pain in my arse. I think if you give me my test back, it’ll go away.”
“That.” Lestrade said, waving his hand towards the two of them. “Someone ordering Sherlock around, and him actually listening.”
So today is my last day in Iceland with my sister before I return home, so I'm already sad. Then this morning, my phone got stuck in a perpetual reboot loop, and no matter what, nothing will fix it. I'm going to take it in when I get home (fingers crossed I make it back from the airport tomorrow before the store closes) but I fear I'm going to either need a factory reset or a new phone. Either way, I'm pretty sure I'm going to lose ALL my pictures, not just from this trip (minus those I took on my ipod today and the few I posted to facebook) but also everything from the past 2 and a half years. To say I'm SUPER sad is an understatement. I cried the entire way back to my room. I do have a nice dinner and hanging out with my sister this evening to look forward to, but still, I'm pretty blue.
“Yep, definitely bi,” he mumbled. “Now, I’d love to lay here and keep doing this all evening, but –”
“No, no. It’s dumb really. Just some stupid prick I met over the weekend, and he’s sort of been stuck in my head all week.”
“I believe that was you.” Sherlock retorts and both burst out laughing, the laughter eventually turning into lazy kisses. After several minutes of roaming hands and exploring mouths, Sherlock starts to pull away.
“You got a good what?” John asked, turning back to Sherlock and fixing him with one of his open honest smiles.
“Seriously Johnny, I go back in one week, and I can’t, in good conscience, leave knowing you’re still in your funk, that you’re not out
More references to torture and physical abuse. But at least the boys have each other to make it all a little better.
John had slipped into a light doze after he and Sherlock ticked a number of items off Sherlock rather impressive list, when he felt a warm pressure against the back of his neck. The pressure slowly started to move down his back, pausing at each of his vertebra. Sherlock was kissing down his spine, and though he was exhausted, John thought this was not a bad way to be awakened.
“I take it you don’t remember much from earlier today.” John laughed, clearly reading Sherlock’s confusion. “When I came back to take you home, you were a bit out of it.” He explained. “You told me they gave you an injection that, quote, made you less hurty.”
“Have I ever made myself breakfast?” Sherlock replied, still staring defiantly into the eyepiece of the microscope.
“Yeah,” Sebastian nodded. He was proud of this, the sick fuck. “We’ve been hassling the freak all year, but then we stopped. We left him alone, made him think he was safe, yeah? So then a couple weeks ago we catch him coming back late one night. He was all distracted, and had a freaky grin on his face.” John stomach was in knots; he had been the reason Sherlock was distracted that night. They had just… Sherlock had been happy, and then…
Lestrade hummed, seemingly to himself, and paused for a moment. “Yeah, I’m still going to ask. You and John, what’s the story?”
John has to hand it to her, Molly does know how to throw together a party. Now if only he could find her or Greg to tell them so. John has been at the party for about a half hour, downed one beer, chatted with several football mates, met a few of Molly’s friends and a few of Greg’s criminology friends, and yet has seen neither hide nor hair of the hostess and guest of honor.
“I don’t believe that will be a problem,” Sherlock said, straightening his spine, and sharing a surreptitious look with John.
Fantastic, Lestrade was going to broadcast all of Sherlock’s personal failings to the world. He knew he shouldn’t have told him anything.
“Yeah, yeah you’re right. Let’s hope he’s not that type.” Sarah chuckled. “But come on John, you have to do something. I really don’t to have inadvertently ended what could be the greatest love story since Han and Leia, before it even had a chance to start!” She was pouting; John hated it when she pouted, he hated that she almost always got her way when she pouted.
“Yeah, she also wanted to let you know that she’s recorded all your lectures, and I quote ‘though I don’t think he really cares right now.’” Too right he didn’t care, as if there was anything his teachers could possible ‘teach’ that he didn’t already know. Anything not related to this investigation, he’d delete anyway.
“Is Molly my girlfriend?” Sherlock looked taken aback. It wasn’t that outlandish of a question, they were both young, both attractive, she clearly cared about him. “No, she does post-mortems and often slips me interesting things when she comes across them. I guess she’d call us friends.”
“Well, John, it hasn’t even been three weeks since you moved in with him, but in that time, your sleep has improved, as has your general outlook, not to mention you’re looking much healthier. I know what you’re thinking, ‘how does this related to my state of mind’,” maybe Ella was a mind reader too, “but I want you to really think. Why do you think making the acquaintance of one, as you described him, ‘might be mad, but strangely likable’ man, bring about such a change in you?”
“It’s really coming down out there.” Jack said, slipping on a green terrycloth dressing gown, and moving to look out the window at London below.
If there was one thing John knew, after the weekend he had, and having to take on extra shifts, he was going to need a pint. He and Bill were meant to drive out to see their old C.O. the next day, but maybe Bill would forgive him enough for skipping out, and agree to meet him after he got back and John got off work. John needed the pint, and he needed to vent.
Sherlock raised his voice. “Mrs. Hudson, please!” The conversation needed to come to an end, immediately.
They knew each other’s bodies better than they knew their own, they knew each other better than they knew themselves. Without a word, John’s fingers slipped from Sherlock’s entrance, and their positions swapped, John on his back with Sherlock sat straddling his waist, John’s fingers outlining the thin white scar running up Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock could feel John’s length, rigid and hot, sliding along his cleft and brushing against his entrance. Sherlock’s own aching length stood straight, pressed flush against his stomach, pre-come leaking from the tip.
“The screen lights up, it caught my eye. You know what, I don’t know why I’m even explaining myself. I did nothing wrong.” Sherlock scowled.
At the feel of John’s hands on his hips, tugging him down into his lap, Sherlock felt a shiver run up his spine. Even after all their years together, and countless moments of intimacy, Sherlock still felt that nervous thrill of excitement at John’s touch.
John smiled back; the skin around his eyes crinkling, making them shine. “Well I may not be the world’s only consulting detective, but I can form a conclusion or two.”
Now I’m going to let you go, and you run along and tell the others exactly what we discussed. Have I made myself clear?”
The Lestrade they're talking about is Greg's mom. We'll meet her, and Greg next chapter, when Sherlock heads to NSY to get a real investigation started.
Left alone with his parents, Sherlock didn’t have to wait long before an orderly came to escort them to decent sized room not too far from the ICU. A curtain divided the room in two, and there was already one bed waiting on one side of the room, the other half was empty, presumably John’s bed would fill that space.
Well, so much for being the one to start a conversation. “Absolutely.” Sherlock said, turning to face John. “Putting the emphasis on the second syllable makes it sound like it adds a phosphate group instead of removes it. Completely different function.”
Sherlock looked away. “I don’t have anything else,” he mumbled, the uncertainty returned to his voice. “Maybe this wasn’t a good idea.”
By the time he returned to his beige, boring little flat, John was exhausted. When he awoke that morning, he had no idea that the day would be so long, would take such intense and exciting turns, or be so draining. All John wanted to do was take a shower, re-dress his hands, and crawl into bed to sleep for the foreseeable future. But sleep would not come.
“No, your house is fine.” No such luck. “I’ll hang out until your mum gets home, I’ve been meaning to thank her for… umm… uh, for keeping me updated.”
“You know, when I said I wanted to take you out to dinner and it’d be my treat, I had intended on actually paying for dinner.” John said, toeing off his shoes and collapsing on to the couch next to Sherlock.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel… uncomfortable with.” The man smirked. “Just tell me what he’s up to.”
“You did make some compelling arguments,” PC Butler’s eyes shifted from Mr. Holmes to Sherlock, and back again, “To err on the side of caution, I’ll have the note, along with a sample of John’s handwriting, sent to NSY. The Service is nothing if not thorough.”
, Molly insisted on accompanying Sherlock home. What was it with the women in his life? First his mum, now Molly thinking him so fragile he needed a minder, even if he did lay sobbing on a mortuary floor not too long ago.
John could tell when he was getting the brush off, and Sherlock – opening one of his books and staring defiantly at his laptop – was definitely giving him the brush off. He was just trying to be nice, John thought as he left feeling annoyed. Sherlock was clearly in some sort of trouble, so why wouldn’t he accept help when help was offered? Well, John would just have to keep an eye out for him from now on.
It was another two days of silence before Sherlock had enough, and stormed Scotland Yard, demanding something, anything, to investigate.
“I can’t.” Sherlock gasped, voice thick, trying to cling tighter. “I can’t leave him. Don’t take him away, don’t take him away from me. I need him. I need him!” He sobbed.
“Maybe if you’d listened to me and we’d come home sooner, you wouldn’t have overexerted yourself, you’d have been able to get up the stairs on your own and not been subjected to my ham-fisted assistance.” He said with a sigh, and all but dropped Sherlock onto the couch, whilst still remaining mindful of the numpty’s leg.
Taking that as his queue, John joins the trio, and comes face to face with the most striking person he’s ever seen. Tall, perhaps half a foot taller than John, the bean pole looks John over with cat-like ice blue-green eyes. The light from the corner lamp hitting high, sharp cheekbones, to casts an otherworldly shadow across pale skin. John notes that, on paper, these features should not work together, but somehow, on this man, they do.
Perhaps it was an unconscious fear of repeating the misunderstanding that almost derailed their relationship before it began – Sherlock was not going to let that ever happen again. Or maybe it was simply because that was who John was, an unapologetic romantic. Whatever the reason, Sherlock just counted himself lucky to be the one John Watson kissed, not that he started believing in something as puerile as luck. For one year, four months, seven days, nineteen hours, and twenty-six minutes, Sherlock had been the one John Watson kissed, the one John Watson came home too, the one John Watson held and told about his day, the one to make John Watson smile and laugh. Sherlock could not think of anyone he’d rather be, and could not think of a better way to spend that one year, four months, seven days, nineteen hours, and twenty-six minutes.
Things did not improve as the day wore on. When they returned to Baker Street, Sherlock went straight for the couch, laying down with his back to the room, ignoring John completely. The sandwich and cup of tea John set on the coffee table was sneered at, watching something on telly was quickly nixed with a glare when John reached for the remote, and John was not stupid enough to attempt conversation. This was what Mycroft had meant when he said Sherlock sometimes had ‘black moods’. Well, it wasn’t anything John couldn’t deal with, and it would have to pass eventually.
“Okay.” His mother looked as if her heart was breaking for him. In truth, he thought it was, just one more ache to add to his ever heavying heart. “But we are going to pick up something for you to eat, no arguments.”
And did you all catch the appearance of a certain someone who will become very important in our boys' lives?
But if the run in at Bart’s taught him anything, it’s that even after ten years, he is still not over Sherlock, and he cannot face seeing him on a somewhat regular basis.
Light spilled in through the open door, and Sherlock could hear low voices coming from beyond, someone else had to be in the flat.
“To be in love like this. To love someone this much, to love someone as much as I love you. To be this happy. Take your pick.”
And so that was how Sherlock found himself sat on the floor of Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen, reading out instructions to John who lay flat on his back, his head under the sink.
“You could have fooled me, the way you’ve been.” Mrs. Hudson tutted, moving Sherlock’s clean dishes from the drying rack back to the cabinets.
“Why do I get the feeling you’re not telling me the truth.” Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes at his mother for a few moments as if trying to suss out what she was hiding.
“Yeah, no, there was no window.” John shook his head with a groan. “Some guys from his residence hall have it out for him, they did this to him.”
As Sherlock fell asleep that night, pleasantly exhausted and blissfully worn out, he finally had everything he could ever want, and it was even better than he ever imagined. He was John’s, John was his, and Sherlock could never want for more. And really, why would he?
After a brief pause, during which John is certain Sherlock’s posture got even straighter, a brief smile flashing across his face. “Not yet. I still don’t know who did it, give me a second.”
“A Black Russian, and a scotch neat,” the man said to the bartender, momentarily ignoring Sherlock as the drinks were poured.
Sherlock spent the rest of Sunday attempting to purge John from his thoughts. He started and stopped his organ charring experiment four times, each time becoming distracted and almost ruining a sample. His attempt to re-order his mind palace just left the rooms in more disarray than before. Nothing worked. And it didn’t help matters when he found John’s scarf – probably forgotten in his hast to exit the flat – on one of the kitchen chairs, hanging half on the floor.
Even though Sherlock couldn’t see him, John still rolled his eyes. Vanity, thy name is Sherlock Holmes.
John lived only a fifteen minute walk from the school, Sherlock made it there in seven. What Sherlock saw as he approached the Watson home made his blood run cold, a police car pulling away from the curb and heading down the street.
“Yeah, that’s me.” John’s tone had a bit of a chill to it, and Sherlock once again had to keep from smiling. Clearly John was far more perceptive and a better judge of character than he had given him credit for.
“Uh, Sherlock?” Lestrade said hesitantly as he sat down at the bench across from Sherlock. It was about time he spoke, Sherlock could sense him hovering over his shoulder, watching him for at least five minutes.
“He woke up?!” Three days of waiting, three days of worry, and John had missed it. “I wanted to be there when he woke up, I wanted to talk to him.”
“Oh really? Well, in that case, why don’t I buy you a drink and then maybe we can go somewhere a bit quieter? I think there are some tables near the back.”
Sherlock retort died on his tongue. John had never used his full name before, he didn’t even know John knew his full name.  It took several moments for him to come back to himself. “I – I said no!” he stuttered.
” John groaned and rolled them so it was Sherlock against the headboard with his legs around John’s hips. “I want-
“I was asking if it was ok, going to this party. It’s completely social, and kind of a formal event by the looks of it.”
“Well, Love,” John grinned as he tied his shoe, trying his best to ignore the way the sheet had fallen around Sherlock’s hips, leaving very little to the imagination, “if I went down to breakfast starkers, I’d probably get some looks. I suggest you get washed up too and put something on, not that I don’t love what you’re not wearing right now.”
“I’ve got that covered too. I picked those up on my way home today.” John said, nodding to the two boxes on the floor. “Cold case files courtesy of Greg… courtesy of Lestrade.” He clarified when Sherlock just stared at him. Three years he’d known the man, and still Sherlock refused to learn his first name.
“It’s really fine Sherlock. No, really. He just went a little bit overboard in the protective older brother bit.” John says, trying to placate the agitated detective.
“Feel free to tell me to fuck off, but I know that I’ll be kicking myself later if I didn’t come over here and at least try to talk to you.” The man said, a slightly nervous smile on his face as he ran a hand through his hair. “So… Hi.”
“Oh Bumble, that’s not silly at all. That may be one of the single most romantic things I’ve ever heard.”
“It’s my garbage disposal.” Mrs. Hudson continued, ignoring Sherlock’s cheek. “When I turn it on, it makes a humming sound, but nothing happens. I tried shining a light down there, and I didn’t see anything jammed, but I can’t be sure.”
“I love everything about you too, rational and irrational.” John sighed, smiling up at the beautiful man above him, carding his fingers through dampened curls, and pulled him down to recapture his mouth.
And there it was, that nagging fear that played on repeat in the back Sherlock’s head, voiced for all the world to hear by a man he struggled to tolerate. It was like a punch to the gut, it was his fault.
He sat so close; Sherlock could feel the warmth radiating off him, he could feel it soaking through his clothes, and into his skin. He sat so close, almost touching, but not.
bedroom, stripped them both bare, ran his fingers along every inch of his body, and took hours taking him apart, putting him back together, and taking him apart again until both their voices had gone horse, every touch was like they were learning each other all over again. The desperation, passion, and devotion with which they made love, burned just as bright, if not brighter, the five hundredth time as it did the very first.
John found lunch with Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock – though the latter only picked at his plate – to be rather enjoyable, despite Mrs. Hudson going on and on about being pleased Sherlock had finally found someone,
“Are you hurt anywhere else?” John asks, his tone deathly serious, almost daring Sherlock to lie to him.
“I guess you’re right. And even if I do mess up, hopefully my dance partner is the forgiving sort.” John smiled, giving Sherlock a playful nudge with his shoulder.
If John were a worse person, he would have filmed the heavily medicated Sherlock for blackmail purposes. As it was, John wasn’t that mean; that, and struggling to get Sherlock from the cab and into his flat meant he didn’t have a free hand to hold his phone. But mostly it was the he was a good, considerate friend.
“Mycroft… please.” Sherlock wanted to vomit. “If you allow me to borrow the car, I will owe you a favor, no questions asked. I’ll do your
“Break in the couch? Sherlock, this is the same one we had in the old flat, it’s definitely been broken in.”
John frowned. “Revenge fuck? Infidelity? Sherlock, what the hell are you talking about?” This didn’t make any sense. When John left him, Sherlock had been – for lack of a better word – affectionate, trying to draw him back into bed. John hadn’t even been gone for ten minutes, where did this Sherlock come from?
“Oh, sorry. I’m John, John Watson,” John said, offering Lestrade his bandaged hand. “I’m the one who pulled him out of the building. I was just hoping to hear what was going on, wanted to know if he was going to be ok.”
And just like that, Sherlock felt as if a bucket of ice water had been dumped over his head, he felt a tightness in his chest as if his heart stuttered to a halt. John wanted to find a date, he wanted to take some unknown woman away with him to a party celebrating lasting love.
“Mind if I do some homework?” Molly asked once they’d reached Sherlock’s house. “Maybe get a jump start on my English project.”
Mind over matter, control. Sherlock successfully managed to break John’s – admittedly loose – grip after two tries. However, the problem occurred when he attempted John’s little ‘sweep the leg’ suggestion, and ended up getting his own leg tangled with John’s, and came crashing down in a tangle of limbs, landing right on John’s chest. He had never been this close to John before, he felt his heart racing in his chest, he felt short of breath – and he suspected the fall had nothing to do with it – he felt like he was…
“Tell me about it… but she lucked out, timing wise I mean.” Sherlock just stared at him, confused. “I got shot six months later. She’d have been stuck; she’d look like a monster if she left me then. She did reach out to me after I got back. Told me that she felt horrible about how things ended between us and that no matter what, she’ll always think fondly of me. It was so transparent; she just wanted to assuage her guilt. She was relieved we ended the way we did, no one wants to be stuck with someone broken.” John said with a forced laugh. He didn’t know why he was saying all this to Sherlock. He’d never said it too his mates, nor to Ella, but somehow he felt comfortable enough to say it all to Sherlock, like Sherlock wouldn’t judge him. Ridiculous really, he’d only known the man less than twenty-four hours.
Ok, John offered up something about himself, now it was Sherlock’s turn. That’s how these things worked, right? “I’m quite familiar with Bart’s. I frequent it often.”
That wasn’t strictly true, people were probably going to take second or even third looks at Sherlock, but the blue and orange bird shorts would have nothing to do with it. For someone so thin, Sherlock was surprisingly well muscled. It wasn’t the bulky muscles gained from hours of rigorous strength training John was used to seeing on the men in the army, but a lean muscle with which some were just naturally blessed. And the faint scaring left over from Sherlock’s burns that lined half of his otherwise pale and pristine torso just added to the picture. Yes, people were definitely going to take notice, though perhaps John shouldn’t be focusing so much on his flatmate and friend’s physique.
Lestrade chuckled and shook his head, clearly used to such behavior. “These are some cold cases, and a few open cases we’ve gotten since you went and got yourself blown up, and this spleen is compliments of Molly,” he said, setting both the file box and the cooler on the coffee table in front of Sherlock. “Just so we’re clear, I officially did not bring this here, and I have no knowledge of any human tissue leaving the morgue,” he added, eyeing them both.
“I’m not saying you sit out and stop investigating all together. Just take a bit of a break, like Katherine suggested. It’s nearly one o’clock, and you’ve barely had anything to eat since yesterday; why don’t we get you some lunch. Once you’re done, I’m sure the police will have some more to work with, and we get started again.” The very thought of food turned Sherlock’s stomach. Even if he wanted to eat something, he very much doubted he’d be able to keep it down.
He did not ‘have this’. Sherlock refusing to let John trip him up, proved far easier said than done. They started off with the attack from behind – apparently it’s the one people who aren’t intent on actually killing you use. Don’t struggle, get pressure off the windpipe, and drop down fast. Explained simply, but in practice? Extremely difficult, though the difficulty had nothing to do with technique.
“Idiots!” John scoffed. “I mean, even if it were an accident, what’s the harm in looking deeper? Why risk a murderer going free!”
And suddenly John was no longer pinned. If asked about it later, he won’t be able to say for sure why he did it, but something in him snapped and he was pulling Sherlock down, crashing their mouths together. Maybe it was the proximity and his overwhelming need for Sherlock, but none of it mattered because he was kissing Sherlock – actually kissing Sherlock – and Sherlock was kissing him back. Maybe it was even Sherlock who made the first move, John honestly didn’t know. Sherlock’s lips were on his, his fingers were tangled in Sherlock’s curls as he pulled him closer, and Sherlock’s hands were sliding down his chest to tug at the hem of his t-shirt.
And true to his word, over the course of the weekend, Sherlock aquatints John with every surface of 221B. Many times over.
“No, not that. Hey, hey look at me.” John sighed, trying to coax Sherlock to turn around. “I meant how you knew she existed in the first place.”
What few articles of clothing remained were quickly shed, and then… oh god and then it was skin. No separation, no barriers, just skin. Sherlock practically cried as he felt John’s warm, soft skin slide against his, he melted into each of John’s touches. Sherlock wasn’t exactly what you would have called inexperienced; hell, he wasn’t even inexperienced with John, but this? This was different, this was… there were no words to describe what this was.
As John reached for the lube and condom to prepare himself, Sherlock pulled his fingers from himself with one final moan, and grasped John’s wrist, stopping his movements.
“That was…” Sherlock started, and then shook his head. “You know what? You’re right.” He nodded, shoving some of John’s discarded clothes into his chest. “It was just a one night stand that lasted way too long. You scratched an itch, and now it’s time for you to go. The roads should be clear by now. Have a safe trip home.” He finished with a sneer, before stalking into the bathroom, and slamming the door.
John’s reply came only moments later, pressed into the tangled mess of dark curls. “I love you too, Sherlock Holmes.” But Sherlock was already asleep; safe, content, and unconditionally loved.
“Oh, feel free to feel like an arse, just not about this.” Sherlock grinned, ducking to avoid the pen John threw at him.
“There’s something you should know about me, John,” Sherlock spat, “I don’t appreciate being used as a revenge fuck. And I make it a policy to not facilitate infidelity.” His was voice cold and harsh; so unlike the deep, seductively smooth voice that sent sparks through John’s body.
Compliments, people like compliments. “I’m sure you’ll get it. You’ve been asked to be a TA, so you must have good grades, and – uh – you have the right… temperament?... for that kind of thing.” Oh Christ, that was pathetic.
spend almost all my time with you, who else would it be? You’re my best friend.” A warm smile spreads across John’s face.  “So please be careful. I can’t lose you, Sherlock.”
“It’s this damn weekend, this stupid party!” he snapped. “I don’t need to hear all the details over and over again! Once was enough, I get it!”
“John, you must be joking. A firsthand account of modern battlefield surgery, why wouldn’t I want to read though that?” Even while admonishing John, Sherlock sounded almost giddy. “To see the way current procedures can be adapted when supplies are lacking and conditions are precarious, this is an invaluable opportunity!”
“Great! The Carrows gym closes at eight, so meet me there around eight-thirty. Does that work?” Sherlock nodded. “Great. Well, I need to run to my office and switch books, so I should probably get going. You have  my number, just text me or something so I can get yours.” John’s grin seemed to envelop half his face. “Once we’re done, those jack-holes are going to regret the day they started messing with you, I guarantee it!” He added before starting for the exit.
By the time Tuesday rolled around, and Sherlock actually saw John again, things had not improved. He walked in the classroom and his eyes fell almost automatically on John sitting in the back row, his usual spot. Since when had he bothered to learn John’s usual seat? When he interrupted Kiernan, a small voice in the back of his head reminded him that John thought his corrections ‘kept class interesting’. He chanced a glace over at John, only to see him laugh and smile down at his notebook.  John was genuinely amused by him.
“Really? I’m not crippled?” Sherlock spat. “I have not been rendered unable to walk, to move properly? I have not sustained severe and disabling damage? I have not been deprived of the ability to function normally?”
“I think that’s been well established, Sherlock” John laughed. “Now you’re just having fun with it.”
When he woke that morning, it was to the steady beating of John’s heart, and John’s arms lazily draped around his back. Sherlock blushed just thinking about, thinking about how much he wished he could wake in John’s arms every morning. John didn’t make any mention of what Sherlock had wanted to tell him before they fell asleep, and Sherlock wasn’t going to bring it up again. It was stupid, he was tired and his defenses were down, it would have been a mistake to admit that he… Well, it was moot anyway. They simply got up and went about starting their day.
“Not at present, no.” Sherlock’s eyes never left John’s has he spoke, his voice calm and smooth, if a bit sharp. “I find I’m more committed to my work these days. Romantic entanglements just distract me.”
“John, I’m shocked,” Sherlock gasped in fake admonishment, and lifted himself up to hover over John. “A proper scientist never speculates without sufficient data.”
“As I said, it’s terribly boring being stuck in this room with nothing but daytime television for company. Normally I prefer being left on my own, but it might be nice having someone to talk to, at least for a bit.”
No, no, no. This was going all wrong. This wasn’t how it was meant to go. Oh God, he was messing everything up. No, no, no…
“I had no idea when I did it.” John said quietly, turning onto his side and wrapping his arms around Sherlock, once they’d both come down. He’d deny it to his dying day, but Sherlock loved post-coital cuddling. Laying in John’s arms, the covers pulled up to their shoulders, slowly breathing together, their legs entangled, sharing quiet thoughts or just looking into each other’s eyes, it made Sherlock feel safe, it made him feel cherished, it made him feel loved.
“Sherlock. Hey Sherlock. Bumble, relax.” John chuckled, smoothing his hand through Sherlock’s curls. “It’s really just a coincidence I got your gift today. There’s no need for any formal acknowledgements for anything other than our official one. Honestly, I happened to notice the date and decided the anniversary as an excuse more than anything.”
“Oh sorry, I’m John.” John said, offering Sebastian his hand. “Holmes is in one of my classes this term, and that kid’s been a pain in my arse all semester.” It was an effort to keep his tone light and casual when he was vividly picturing himself breaking every bone in Sebastian’s body. “I just thought whoever it was who got him to stop coming to class deserved a drink.”
“If you feel so inclined. You run into burning buildings after complete strangers, after all. You might be interesting.”
Sherlock bit back a grin as he stared at the text from John, and quickly sent off a reply. So preoccupied was he with thoughts of John, of what they did, and of what the morning could bring, that Sherlock failed to notice the three figures emerge from the shadows. It was the hand curling around his shoulder that jolted him back to reality, but by that time, it was too late.
“I was attempting to go upstairs. As you can see, I was not successful. Just give me a second, and I’ll clean this up.”
“Excellent! And you can give me those ‘Symphony in the Cinema’ tickets you’ve been hiding in your jacket all evening.”
Not knowing what else to do, John turned to follow Sherlock back to his flat. He hadn’t even made it to the first landing when Mrs. Hudson’s voice floated up from below.
“And,” John sighed, his annoyance growing steadily by the second, “I can’t get out, it’s piled too high. Plus it’s still snowing.”
“Yes, Doctor.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John could see the small smile creep across his face. “Now do we have any of that risotto left? I find I’m getting hungry again.”
“I guess I never quite managed it.” Sherlock blushed. “You know what, never mind. Forget I said any –”
Remind me again why I'm putting these two through all this. Oh right, to give them a happily ever after!
They soon lapse into silence, once more focusing on the CCTV footage. Another hour passed, when finally Sherlock spotted something, nearly yelling as he leapt from his chair.
The shower took longer than strictly necessary given they were only using it to rinse off, but when sharing a shower with John Watson, it was difficult not to linger just a bit; especially when John Watson pushed you up against the tile wall and started snogging you breathless. Loath as he was to admit it, Sherlock was still only human and therefore completely powerless against John’s charms.  But all too soon they had both re-dressed in their discarded t-shirts and track bottoms – Sherlock decided to forgo is delightfully ruined pants – and were gathering their stuff to leave.
“No, no, Mrs. Hudson, Grant is right.” Sherlock said, straightening up and looking around at their guests. “After months of listening to sound, logical arguments, John has finally done the sensible thing, and agreed to cohabitate with me.”
“I’m glad to hear it. I must say, you look good, you have more color, and you’re looking more relaxed. Are you sleeping better?”
“Well there are certainly worse things to do because of boredom; like poisoning yourself in hopes of making people like you.”
John was wrong of course, because in no sane world would Sherlock Holmes be considered any good deed’s reward. A necessary evil? Maybe. A pain in the arse? Definitely. But a reward? Never. No, Sherlock was the lucky one, he was the one gifted a life with John Watson, who was brave and kind and saved his life in more ways than one. But the way John looked at him, the way he held him… John saw him as a reward, as a gift, as someone worthy of love. Sherlock wanted to be worthy. Dammit, he was going to be worthy. As they drifted off to sleep that night, Sherlock made a vow, not unlike those he’d made three weeks earlier in front of friends and family, he would be worthy of John Watson’s love, he would be worthy of John Watson. He had a lifetime ahead of him with John Watson at his side and on his side, and he would be worthy. After a lifetime of sacrifice and good deeds, he would be the reward his husband deserved.
Eddie’s face paled as his eyes grew wide. “Shit!” he exclaimed, backing up. “Seb, he’s Holmes’s boyfriend! My friend Xander is on the football team with him, he says the two of them are always together.”
The rest of their anniversary – now engagement – getaway was spent waking late in the mornings, and getting out of bed even later. They wandered hand in hand through the town, and even explored a bit of the countryside – Sherlock’s shoes weren’t the best for long hikes, so they didn’t venture too far from paved paths. But best of all, Sherlock took every opportunity to refer to John as his fiancé, to just about everyone they met. At the risk of being called ridiculously romantic again, John would have said it was like a dream.
“I’m really not. If Greg and I hadn’t been there to catch you, you would have fallen flat on your face. That was a rather impressive little pirouette you did when trying to catch yourself, though.” John added with a chuckle.
“Yes, but they don’t have as many resources there as we do here, so I can really use my ability to its fullest potential.”
“Yes. You could actually prove to be rather helpful. After a bit of practice, of course.” Sherlock added with a smile.
because of physical attraction.” Sherlock’s head snapped back and he once again leveled John with the same intense stare he did right before dragging John back to Lestrade’s car. “The level of my physical attraction to you should be obvious by now. I meant that it’s more than that, more than just physical.”
“Well how was I supposed to know Angelo was going to insist everything be on the house?” Of course, Sherlock knew Angelo was going to do exactly that. He hadn’t paid to eat there in over a year. “And you paid the tip, so I think that counts.”
“That’s because they thought you were going to be away for the weekend, plus maybe John didn’t know he was going to be getting lucky. I hardly think he’d stop to put out the signal if he and Sherlock were finally going to –”
“The paramedics just checked her out and she’s fine.” Lestrade said. “She has a mild concussion. Her friend is staying with her until her husband can get here.”
Sherlock swallowed down a lump that had suddenly formed in his throat. “That’s not… he sounds bad.” Given how careless he knew he could be with his possessions – tears, spills, dirt stains – Sherlock could only imagine how Mr. Sedgeway would have treated him. But he wouldn’t have to worry about that, would he? They wouldn’t force him back into grade one if he didn’t fit in, would they?
When Lestrade rolled his eyes at them, that only made things worse, or perhaps better. Frankly, Sherlock didn’t really care which one it was, all that mattered was that he could add stakeouts to the list of things that John’s presence made better.
with another body. And Jack, Jack was the perfect body, meeting every thrust and every snap of Sherlock’s hips, moaning, gasping, and crying out every time Sherlock’s cock brushed the bundle of nerves buried deep within him.
With a quick goodbye to Mr. Holmes, Sherlock and his mother set out for Imogen’s office. Mrs. Holmes had called on the way, so DI Lestrade and Sergeant Evans were waiting for them when they arrived.
“I did not. No, apparently she, quote, needed someone who was willing to be there for her, and I wasn’t willing to put her first. I wasn’t out at the pub with my mates; I was in a god damn war zone doing my job. Something she knew when we met, got together, and engaged, so I don’t know what she expected.” This was really not the conversation John envisioned he’d be having when he got up that morning. But then again, with Sherlock, nothing turned out how he expected.
“Oh honey,” Becca sighed, shaking her head. “Did you not see them? John’s shirt was buttoned wrong, Sherlock had stubble burn all up his neck. Not to mention their hair! Only someone else’s hands tangled in it can cause that kind of chaos.”
“I can deal with something physical,” Sherlock continued. “But I find that I’m attracted to everything about you, and not just that I find you handsome, which I do. And not just for everything you’ve done for me since pulling me out of that building, the help with physical therapy, and looking out for me, all the stuff for which I will never be able to properly thank you. It’s all the little things that I would normally ignore, or would annoy me, that I do ignore and that do annoy me when it’s anyone else… When it’s you doing them, I like it. I don’t know when it happened, I don’t know how it happened, but it did. I just feel so much for you, John. Even the times when you do annoy me, I still like it, I still like you. I actually like when you annoy me, as ridiculous as that sounds.”
John’s thoughts came to a scratching halt, Sherlock was mere inches from him, and those indescribable eyes were staring so deep into John’s, he wouldn’t have been surprised if Sherlock was reading his mind. Come to think of it, it was quite possible he had done just that.
There was never a more beautiful sight than that of the grin that overtook John’s face as he laughed. He knew what he meant; John always knew what he meant. The fondness, it was their thing, their own special thing.
“I’m back! Your tea, as requested, and I threw in a muffin!” She said, carefully handing John the paper cup of hot tea, and a bag containing a muffin.
Sherlock had just settled down on the sofa, hands stapled beneath his chin, to sort and properly file the case he and John had just completed, when he heard John voice coming from kitchen.
“John. Hey, John, look at me.” Lestrade commanded, drawing John’s attention to him. “It’s going to be alright. This is Sherlock we’re talking about, he’s made of stronger stuff. He’s going to pull through, and you two will make things right.”
“Don’t say it was nothing, you’re upset. Given how we became acquainted, you have to know tackling McCall is hardly the most dangerous thing I’ve done, or will do. So what were you going to say, because it was clearly someth –”
Sherlock felt a shiver run down his spine, the grin spread across Theo’s face was nothing short of predatory.
Of course John is kidnapped the day after he and Sherlock finally get together. Gotta make John going missing even worse!
“John, you can stop.” Sherlock huffed out an exasperated laugh and tried to swat John’s hand away. “I’m fine, just a few scraps. And really, my leg is great. It’s a little sore, but there’s barely even a cramp. It’ll be fine in no time.”
“So what’s special about this case?” Sherlock called as they approached a man John guessed was DC Lestrade. His hair was going grey, but as they got closer, it was clear he was probably only in his late twenties.
John immediately started listing off in his head all the possible damage Sherlock could have sustained; he felt like he was going to be sick. “I can’t lose him, Greg.” He whispered. “I love him, I’ve always loved him. I never should have left. It can’t end like this, it can’t…”
“The guys – uh – they sometimes refer to you as ‘Mr. Thursday Night.’”John mumbled, feeling his own cheeks heat up. “Because of the fact that – um – that I’m always busy with you on Thursday nights.” He explained. All true; but still, John knew how it sounded, and he didn’t want that kind of implication – an implication of a more than friends relationship – to drive Sherlock away. It wasn’t helping that the about three quarters of the table had gone quiet and was now watching them.
“Then that should have told you that this time was real.” John smiled, and feeling emboldened, rubbed his nose along the side of Sherlock’s before pressing a kiss to the side of his mouth. “Though I can’t really blame you for wondering. Grabbing each other in the middle of a crime scene, stealing a car to get home, and you pinning me to the wall. It’s all very Mills and Boon.”
“Very,” Sherlock hummed, gave John a quick kiss on the cheek and turned back towards the quartet. “I hate to admit this,” he said after a few minutes of listening, “but I don’t recognize any of these compositions. I wonder if they’re original pieces.”
“Hmm? Oh, yeah. I got them.” John reached into the bag he and slung across his shoulder, pulling out a couple of battered journals. “I don’t know exactly what you’d glean from them, they’re just my old procedure logs.”
“Oh no, I’m pretty sure we established that you’re now Mr. Watson.” John said trying to keep his face serious, it didn’t last long, and they both burst into a fit of giggles. They had a running joke as to who would be the one to drop his last name, each making impassioned speeches as to why the other should take his name. Of course they were both keeping their names, but that didn’t stop them from keeping the joke going. And secretly, John kind of liked it when Sherlock called him ‘Dr. Holmes’.
“And you didn’t hit anything else on the way down?” John watched intently, looking for any one of the number of tells Sherlock didn’t know he had when lying.
The bite of the cold felt good on John’s face, it cleared his muddled head. As he walked towards the nearest tube station – thank Christ they got the Underground working again – he could breath, he could think again. Sherlock was right, he was an arsehole, but he was right. This weekend didn’t mean anything. They met at a club, and went home together. They never meant to be anything more than a one night stand. If the weather hadn’t turned, they never would have seen each other again, the entire day before would have never even happened. Anything John thought he might have been feeling, anything he thought Sherlock might have been feeling, it was all just a result of being stuck together.
“Yes, I know, we’ll do it on you first, then I can try. Must we go through this every single time?” Really, they’d been doing these lessons for weeks and they always did it the same way. Did John really think that Sherlock, of all people, would forget?
After nearly three months, it was finally happening, Sherlock was out on a case, and with John no less. Oh, it was better Christmas!
“Amazing! That was absolutely amazing!” John wouldn't be surprised if he had stars in his eyes, but watching Sherlock unravel the murder is a marvel.
They talked until closing, and Sherlock had never been happier. That was until John pulled him into a cab and told the driver to take them to Baker Street. Once they arrived at the flat, John made Sherlock forget all previous lovers, because anything he experienced before didn’t count; anything before was just sex, a base act, it was simply sating a biological urge. But with John, it was far more significant; they
“Of course I do! Do you have any idea how fantastic that is?” Ordinary people spend their free time playing sports, or doing art or something. Sherlock Holmes helps the police. Fantastic.
“Dad passed on his drinking to Harry. Mum refuses to acknowledge the problem, and refuses to leave Dad because she believes ‘divorce is failure’. And I was usually the one to keep things calm when problems started. But…”
Later that night, after he grudgingly left John outside the restaurant – was he crazy or did John seem to linger a bit too – Sherlock lay in bed with his head full. It was not thoughts of the case and the girl taking back her inheritance, nor the next set of experiments he wanted to start, that kept him awake, it was John. His mind raced with thoughts of John. John on the case, telling him he’s amazing. John at the restaurant, smiling and laughing and making him promise to come to the next football game. John in the gym, so unbelievably close. Sherlock could still feel the warmth John’s broad chest press flush against his back. Sherlock could still feel John’s strong arms slung loose across his neck. How easily Sherlock could have just turned around, pulled John even closer, and taken – given – what he wanted. What would it have felt like without the cotton barriers of their t-shirts? What would it feel like to have John’s hands on his body, John’s skin against his? Grateful his roommate was away for the weekend, Sherlock allowed his hands to wander.
Going slowly, John carefully made his way further into the house, keeping his eyes peeled and his ears open as he moved from room to room. He was just starting to give up, thinking that maybe the man escaped out a back door or window, when he heard a faint moan and what sounded like coughing coming from the kitchen.
ordinary, that they couldn’t see what they had with someone as extraordinary as Sherlock.” John said coolly, never once breaking eye contact. “I mean, anyone with even half a handful of usable brain cells would have held on to him and refused to let him go. The fact that Sherlock Holmes was once willing to give you the time of day… Every day you should have been thanking fate, God, gods, your lucky stars, whatever. Every day waking up next to Sherlock Holmes, every night going to bed holding Sherlock Holmes, is a gift. But like I said, you’re too stupid to see that, and your loss was my gain. I should actually be thanking you, really.” He added with a humorless chuckle.
Truth be told, Sherlock didn’t actually remember much of the journey from the club to Baker Street. Other than the brief moment in which he pulled away to hail a cab, he remained thoroughly occupied by John. At one point the cab driver had to slam on his breaks to stop Sherlock from climbing onto John’s lap and having at it right there on the back seat. Before he knew it, they were falling through the front door of 221 Baker Street, stumbling up the steps to his flat, and Sherlock was pulling John into his bedroom; coats, gloves, and scarves being shed along the way.
John lifted his head to glare at Sherlock, but the gleam in those dark blue eyes spoke of nothing but amusement. “You knew what I meant.” He said. “What do I do next?”
“I was fine.” Sherlock grumbled, and the petulant, almost childish, little frown on his face was enough to evaporate any annoyance John may have felt towards his stubborn flatmate.
” Sherlock cried as John hit his prostate dead on. His vision was alight with stars. Pleasure flowed through his veins, reaching every part of him. Better than fingers. So much better than fingers. “
After several intoxicating minutes of kissing, of lips parting, tongues meeting, and teeth nipping, John pulled away with a sigh
The hours flew by as Sherlock recounted case after case, basking in John’s occasional interruptions of ‘amazing’ or ‘brilliant.’ And after a while, John started jumping in, trying to guess what happened next, who the culprit was, based solely on what Sherlock told him. He was almost always missed the most crucial aspects, but Sherlock didn’t care. Christ, why would he care when he had John sitting next to him, not only listening, but actively engaged, wanting to be even a little bit involved in Sherlock’s world?
“Down the hall,” Sherlock panted, and after allowing only a moment’s hesitation, slid Jack off the table and began guiding him, hands still roaming, mouths still joined, down the hall towards the spare bedroom. He couldn’t… not in
“You’re under duress, you’re scared.” Sherlock closed his eyes, unable to look at John as he spoke. “Once you say it, you can’t take it back.”
an intelligent idiot,” Sherlock said, and this time there was no teasing smirk, but a soft and genuine smile.
“Sherlock, you have to let go.” Lestrade said gently, prying Sherlock’s arms from around John. “The paramedics need to get to him.”
Molly doesn’t say anything else, just marched on towards the school exit, bright pink backpack over her shoulders, leaving Sherlock to follow. His mum was right, Molly was a good friend to him, he honestly didn’t know what he did to deserve her. When this was all over, when he had John safely back again (because this body wasn’t going to be John), and he could think again, he’d figure out a way to show Molly how much she was valued.
“No, David Attenborough is.” John rolled his eyes. “Of course you are! Why would you possibly think otherwise?”
“He took their sons up to Edinburgh to visit his parents. Mrs. Rachlin was supposed to go with them, but had to work. She was planning on joining them this weekend. He’s on his way down now.”
“Good.” Sherlock sighed against John’s lips. “Now be quiet. The song’s almost done, and I want to enjoy this moment.”
“I agree.” Sherlock grinned, before pulling John back on top of him and kissed him softly, the merest brush of lips against lips. It was careful, gentle, almost…
“Well I figured you weren’t here to see Mr. Banarji.” John said when a thought suddenly struck him. “Wait, there wasn’t some crime was there? I’m not a suspect am I?”
“No one’s ever called it that before.” Sherlock cheeks were taking on a rosy hue, and John suspected it had nothing to do with their recent lesson. “I can – yeah – I can meet up on Sunday if you’re really interested.”
Abruptly, Sherlock felt two sets of arms lifting him off the ground and help him out the door, and back into Dr. Sanderson’s office.
“Hey, it’s what we did the last time I put this ring on your finger. This is a sacred act, and it deserves solemn vows. Your turn.”
What neither John, nor even the ever observant Whitney, could possibly know, is that this is the moment where everything will begin to change.
“Alright class, last week’s test has been graded.” Dr. Kirnan said just as class was wrapping up. “In general, you all did well, though a few of you could have started studying a bit earlier. Remember that for next time. If you have any questions about your test, please feel free to come talk to me or John.” she added, nodding to John who was busy dividing up the tests into three piles. “Thanks, and I’ll see you all on Thursday!” She added with a smile.
“So do you have any nicknames, like Will, or Billy, or do you just go by William?” John asked. There were still a few minutes left before play break and John had already finished showing Sherlock around the classroom and explaining the classroom rules, so they were back in their desks while the rest of the class sat around and waited for the bell. “Sometimes my sister calls me Johnny, but I hate it. I just like being called John.”
“No. No, John and I have a system. If one of use is going to have a guest, we put a pair of Wellies by the door as a warning. The Wellies weren’t there.”
“I don’t blush!” But Sherlock could feel the warmth of his cheeks which surely showed on his pale skin. But that didn’t make it a blush, it was a warm day. “And it’s rude to eavesdrop. Now do you want help with the lab report or not?”
“It’s both our faults then.” Molly said with a nervous giggle. “I’ll just be off, and I’ll watch where I’m going this time.”
John also found himself monitoring Sherlock’s incisions, helping him re-dress them, and properly wrap them when he went for a wash or a much-needed soak to sooth his sore leg muscles. So much for not being a nursemaid, but he couldn’t very well turn off being a doctor. He did however draw the line at dressing Sherlock, somethings the man had to do for himself. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind though, and apparently, everything he’d asked John to do – act as a crutch, help with the exercises, deliver food and tea – was nothing he wouldn’t ask of any other flatmate. John wasn’t exactly sure if that was a comfort or not, but it was what it was, and he didn’t really mind. It was nice to finally be needed again, and they were hardly major inconveniences anyway.
On the advice of his therapist to socialize and maybe try to find a job, John is on his way to lunch with Mike Stamford, an old medical school friend. They had never been particularly close friends, but sharing most classes, getting together to review for exams, and grabbing a pint or two, earned the label of friends. So when John ran into him at the park earlier, and Mike mentioned he had some connections at various hospitals and clinics, and suggested they get lunch to talk about it, John had no choice but to accept.
Of course Mycroft chose that exact moment to interrupt. Actually, knowing him, he was probably watching them on one of his little cameras, and did it on purpose. Bastard.
It was true, he did. But it was an Irish Setter, and it looked so happy when it caught a whiff of the roast beef that Sherlock couldn’t very well deny it the sandwich. He wasn’t even all that hungry at the time.
“I don’t – I don’t have any – any supplies.” Why the fuck wasn’t he carrying supplies like every other twenty-one year old man he knew? Obviously he never thought that
“Oh thank God!” And suddenly Molly was down next to him on the floor, her arms thrown around his shoulders.
“Oh, you don’t have to do that, you’ve already done what Miss Sissons told you to do. Wouldn’t you rather continue the football game with your friends anyway?”
John had barely made it through the door before he found himself suddenly backed up against it, all but caged in by Sherlock, their bodies pressed together from thigh to chest, Sherlock’s mouth on his in a crushing, heart-stopping, breathtaking, fever inducing kiss. John snaked an arm around Sherlock’s waist in an attempt to pull him impossibly closer, as Sherlock’s hand, with his violin callused fingers, cupped John’s jaw. Lips parted, heads tilted, and the kiss deepened. It was only at the feel of Sherlock’s hand sliding down the press at the front of John’s jeans, that a coherent thought finally managed to push its way through the fog of need and want clouding John’s mind.
“I know, it’s almost like I enjoy staying alive. Weird.” John laughed. “Come on, it’ll be my treat. Plus we’re dressed all fancy like, might as well make the most of it.”
“It’s certainly different, but I like it,” he said to Sherlock, who he hadn’t noticed watching him intently as he surveyed the flat.
Was this John’s way of asking for another lesson, a refresher? Oh god, what Sherlock wouldn’t give to have John in his arms again, slowly gliding – or slightly stumbling as the case may be – through the flat. But no, no, Sherlock couldn’t teach John how to dance, just so he could go off and dance with another; not again.
“… So I left, and that was that. Been replaying the entire thing in my head all week, trying to figure out how I could have been so wrong about him.”
To any American readers, I wish you a happy belated Thanksgiving. If you celebrated yesterday, I hope you had a good day and dinner. To any non-American readers, I still hope you had a good day and dinner!
“BuzzBee!” Sherlock exclaimed, grabbing the little plush bee before he could stop himself. Well, if his chances with John weren’t dead before, the sight of a nineteen year old clutching a toy to his chest had to be the final nail in the coffin. “I mean… uh… thank you. You… um… you didn’t need to do that.”
“God yes!” John breathed, and suddenly John’s pants were gone, and Sherlock felt John’s calloused hand wrap around both them, pinning their leaking cocks together, and slowly stroking up and down.
Internet still not working, but I have my computer with me at work and it's a slow day so I'm posting a wee bit earlier for you guys.
Sherlock didn’t monopolize the entire conversation – though John wouldn’t have minded, the way Sherlock told a story was a marvel – he asked John about his service, and about strange injuries and maladies he saw in medical school. Of course each of John’s stories only reminded Sherlock of another case or another experiment, and he would immediately start regaling John with the tale. They spent hours just talking and listening to each other. John felt like he had known Sherlock his entire life, and not just a day. It was perfect. Sherlock was perfect.
“I see. Well tread carefully, Mr. Watson. Tread carefully” And with that John is back in the car, and on his way to The New Scotland Yard.
Sherlock had been blown up and nearly crushed to death, but that was nothing compared to being trapped in a hospital bed. Now if only something or someone would come along and ease the boredom...
John was up to something, Sherlock thought as he waited for John to finish checking them in. John was definitely up to something, but what it was, he had yet to figure out. It was their six year anniversary, six years since John treated him to a victory dinner at Angelo’s, after which Sherlock screwed up all his courage, climbed into John’s bed, kissed him, and had yet to stop. It was their six year anniversary, and two weeks ago, John suggested they get out of town to celebrate with a little getaway for the weekend, but
“There’s even an inscription on the inside.” John said. “I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw it, it was like fate.”
“Guilty as charged!” John cried, his head thrown back. And he called Sherlock the drama queen. “I am completely at your mercy, what’s my punishment for committing such a terrible, terrible crime?”
“You actually believe I love you. I only said those things to keep you around.” Sherlock says, pushing John’s hands away. “You’re a decent fuck, and having you available meant I didn’t need to go looking for someone, I could concentrate on what’s actually important. YOU. WERE. CONVENIENT.” He snarls.
“That was thorough.” Sherlock mumbled, looking as though the wind had been knocked out of his sails. “Hold on. You’ve figured out my whole class situation, but what do you suggest I do all day? My brain will rot!”
“Mmmm” Sherlock hummed as John began running his fingers through his hair, massaging his scalp. “Not horrible, but tiring. I’d much rather have this, just this, you and me. This feels amazing.” He sighed
“Oh your test, of course! If you just take a few minutes to actually talk to me, tell me what’s going on with you, I’ll be happy to hand it over.”
“Thanks. It’s good to know someone believes in me, sort of.” John laughed. “Wait, how do you know I’m any good?”
John felt a shiver run down his spine as he felt Sherlock’s words enter his chest and settle around his heart. “Oh Bumble,” he murmured, and closed the distance between their lips once again.
“Don’t care.” Sherlock’s voice was muffled as he sucked hard at a spot just under John’s jaw. “Want this. Want you.”
As with everything that night, it started off slow. John was gentle, careful, not even pulling back an inch before sinking back in.
“See, we all notice things about each other, that doesn’t mean we have to bring it up.” Sherlock said with a final glare, and stomped away. There was the overgrown toddler John was expecting.
“It’s the cross I bear.” Sherlock smiled. “It’s fine, you don’t have to tell me. I was just… curious.”
Once they both come down, and clean up, Sherlock kisses John deeply. Just like with Sherlock’s, neither says a word about John’s declaration. This isn’t the last time either of them says ‘I love you’, but each time it is said in the heat of the moment, and each time they choose to ignore it.
Pounding up the stairs and skidding down the hallway, Sherlock made his way to John’s office. He did it, he finally did it! And it was all because of John, he had to tell him!
Since the internet is acting up, I'll have to bring a flashdrive with this fic on it to work (I hate lugging my computer with me every day) and post from my work computer for the remaining three chapter. I don't think it will be too much of a problem since there's not much left to go, so I don't think it will interfere with my every other day posting schedule.
John winced as Sherlock ripped open the ruined shirt and applied pressure to the wound. “I’m fine.” His voice was strained.
Originally I wasn't going to include any sexy times in this fic, but try as I may, sexy times had to be had. And really, every wedding day is followed by a wedding night!
“Yeah, whatever it is you have going on with Sherlock here.” Theo was just digging himself in deeper, and Sherlock would have been lying if he said he wasn’t enjoying every minute of it.
Yeah, because you didn't all figure that out already. But at least it's confirmation. And hey, at least John and Sherlock are reunited at last. Nine chapters, took me long enough!
“Well what exactly would you call getting him off a triple murder charge,” John asked, “just a fun Thursday afternoon?”
“Maybe you shouldn’t have told her she was wasting her time reading physics.” John chuckles, making an ice pack for Sherlock’s soon to be bruised cheek.
“Yeah, sorry I’m late, gents,” John smiled, “unlike some people I know, I enjoy a proper wash. And I don’t mean just splashing water on my face and a fresh spray of deodorant.”
John comes back into the sitting room to find Sherlock fidgeting with his hands. After a few moments, Sherlock looks up at John, a nervous smile on his face, and takes a deep breath. “John, there’s…ah…there’s something I want to tell you.”
“Well if you’re going to the football game, then maybe I’ll see you there. It’s at home this week.” Though Sherlock didn’t really seem the school spirit type, John thought, it might do him some good to get out and socialize a bit. Maybe he could even convince Sherlock to do something afterwards. John wasn’t sure why he wanted to spend more time with Sherlock, all he knew was he just… did.
As he took himself in hand for the first time in over a year, Sherlock was completely unaware that only a few miles away, John’s mind raced with thoughts of him. Sherlock was completely unaware that John stood in the shower, his forehead against the cheap tile wall with water running down his back, remembering the feel of Sherlock’s body sliding down his, and imagining what it would be like to push away that single dark curl and taste the skin right at the base of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock was completely unaware that just as he was picturing John’s hands all over him, John was sliding his hands down his own body, through the water and the soap, pretending they were Sherlock’s. And so together but apart, Sherlock and John both bit back moans as they found completion in each other.
Honestly, he was glad John was gone. Sherlock didn’t need that type of distraction, he didn’t need John there confusing him, making him question everything he thought he knew about himself. Any
“Oh don’t worry dear, we get all sorts around here.” Mrs. Hudson winked. “The ones next door are married even.”
John chuckled. “Bloody mind reader, you are. Mostly I’m trying to figure out how to pass the time. But the sleeping together thing is part of it, yeah.”
“Because John sprained his wrist last Friday, his left wrist. If John had really written this note, the writing should be sloppier, would show the affect of his injury. It wouldn’t look like his normal writing.” Sherlock explained. “And how are you so sure it’s his writing? Just because his father said so?”
Sherlock was bobbing in earnest now, swallowing with every down stroke, John wasn’t going to last. Fingers twisted in sheets, John tugged desperately at Sherlock’s curls, he had to warn him, but Sherlock only sucked harder, only swallowed around him with more force. He only had a matter of seconds, he was going to, he was going to…
“Ok, alright.” Lestrade nodded. “And what about any other injuries. His head? And he was trapped in a burning building…”
You know how they say that diamonds are a girl's best friend? Well comments and corrections are THIS girl's best friend (along with diamonds)
It was only when his stomach began to growl, that John realized that dinner was past due, and they headed into the kitchen for some of Mrs. Hudson’s macaroni and cheese. He hadn’t even noticed when she dropped it off, but it must have been her, because the pot was not there earlier and her dishes from lunch were gone.
And just like that, the moment was lost, Sherlock wouldn’t even look at him. Whatever had been about to happen between them was gone for good. Sherlock being attacked right after the evening in the gym, the countless half moments started and stopped throughout the past six weeks, Mycroft’s text interrupting them that afternoon, and now Mike forgetting his computer. Maybe the universe didn’t want John to be with Sherlock. Maybe all they would ever get was that one amazing night, and this one breathless snog. Maybe all they were meant to have was friendship. Fuck.
“You seem to be forgetting how remarkably dim-witted and gullible the average human being is, John.” Sherlock sighed. “And it would be generous to even call Wilson average.”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock’s voice was so soft, and his eyes so unguarded and full of love, as he cupped John’s face, the medal of his new ring cool against John’s cheek, “I don’t need a ring to remind me. I’m never going to forget a single second of this weekend. For as long as I live, it’s etched in my memory forever.”
Coming back to himself only long enough to snake his arms around John’s shoulders and bury his hands in John’s hair, Sherlock pulled John into a clumsy kiss, and together they rode out the aftershocks of their coupling.
“Oh really, John,” Sherlock chuckled, rolling his eyes in the hope that John didn’t notice his eyes welling upon hearing John all but marry him again, “reciting vows? We’re still married.”
I honestly didn't know if I was going to be able to get this chapter out to you today. For some reason the internet wasn't working right on my laptop (super slow or websites would time out), but it worked fine on my phone and tablet. Well, long story short, I took my computer into work with me today, and the work wifi works just fine. So I stayed late at work to post this chapter before leaving for him (I love you guys and this fic that much!)
The bread was hard and stale, the meat was rubbery, but John ate it anyway. His watch read seven forty, and based on how hungry he was, John guessed pm.
Something was off, it was different. John couldn’t say exactly what it was, but he knew something was definitely wrong. It was Friday, the last PT day of Sherlock’s first week as an outpatient, and the day had started off normally enough. Just like Monday, and just like Wednesday, Sherlock was already awake and dressed in his sweats by the time John came down from his room, and only put up a token argument when John made him eat something for breakfast. Just like Monday and Wednesday, the rode together to the clinic making comfortable, idle conversation about what they’d do afterwards, and John settled into his book in the waiting room when Sherlock was called back. Everything started off normal, but when Sherlock came back out an hour and a half later, that all changed.
Eyes once again shut, Sherlock moved with the thudding beat as if the music was flowing through him, as if it controlled him, and he controlled it. John was transfixed, unable to tear his eyes away from the unquantifiable man in front him. He was a doctor, he knew the human body inside and out, and yet he couldn’t begin to fathom how a body could move like that, with such grace and strength. He wanted to know what else that body could do.
The weeks following the initiation of ‘Phase Two’ were a whirlwind. John did everything he could think of to keep Sherlock distracted. He even managed to talk Mike into letting Sherlock set up his chemistry equipment on one half of the kitchen table, though he did draw the line at letting Sherlock store ‘samples’ in the refrigerator – Mike could only be so forgiving. Cases, experiments, the morgue, everything, you name it and John did it. Well, he almost did everything, there may have been one or two other things he thought of that he’d like to have done.
“I’m Greg Lestrade. This is John Watson, Sherlock’s partner.” Lestrade said, gesturing towards John. John merely nodded, his throat too thick, and his mouth too dry to speak. “How is he?”
It took Sherlock a moment to realize he hadn’t answered, he was too busy stopping himself from tracing the faint creases that formed along John’s forehead.
That evening when he returns to his flat, John comes to a decision. Though he clearly still harbors feelings for Sherlock, it’s time to stop distracting himself and force himself to get over Sherlock and actually move on. Now he just needs to work up the nerve to try.
John Watson is nothing special, there’s nothing really that sets him out from the rest of crowd. His sandy blonde hair is nothing special, neither are his dark blue eyes. People often mistake his eyes for brown, but no, they’re blue, you just have to get close enough to see them. But even that’s not special, there are far more interesting eyes in the world. Sure John is fit, finding time to play some football when not in class, studying, or working, but he’s short, shorter than many women, and that doesn’t inspire much swooning. John Watson is nothing special, unless you count the healing thing.
That earn a giggle from John, who leaned forward to kiss Sherlock, the laughter still on his lips. “And what a brain it is! But you
“So you’re sure you’re still alright with us having different names?” Sherlock asked as John pulled him close and they started to dance, some pop rock love song with lots of piano playing in the background.
“Oh… Oh! Right, yeah. Sorry. I – ah – I shouldn’t have assumed.” John said with a nervous sounding laugh.
His mummy let out a sad sounding sigh. “We all need friends, Sweetie,” she said, leaning down to give him a kiss on the cheek. “We’ll leave you alone now, but it will be fine, we promise.”
“Yeah, I guess. It’d be better if I had the hundred and fifty quid to go along with hit.” Mike grumbled. “And John’s probably going to want to live with Sherlock next year, so it looks like I’m out one flat mate.” His friends’ happiness was sure costing him a lot.
“You knew I was studying medicine, that I’m the peacekeeper of the family, my dad’s not really there, and has passed on his drinking problem.”
With a heavy sigh, Sherlock started explaining the timeline, going over the interviews, and dissecting every lab analysis and report. As he spoke, Molly sat and listened quietly, nodding along, never interrupting.
“Mmmm” Sherlock hummed, only able to give a half-hearted grunt, sleep having already started to pull him under.
“Good. Then Molly, I’ll see you at the morgue to pick up the ears.” Says a rich baritone, John can hardly believe came out of the beanpole .
It was Sherlock’s turn to frown. “What’s so surprising, I can take an interest in other people’s lives.”
“You’re not fine. No, Sherlock, listen to me.” John snapped when Sherlock opened his mouth to interrupt. “This isn’t like before. I could take care of your cuts and bruises before, but this is too much. You’re not breathing right, you could develop pneumonia. Not to mention you could have internal injuries that I have no clue about.”
Sherlock looked away, and for a few moments John wasn’t sure if he was even going to say anything. “Sebastian Wilkes.” He finally said, letting out a breath.
For the first time all weekend Sherlock felt his resolve falter, and his stomach twisted as it finally dawned on him what it all meant, what he was
“I didn’t even know this was possible.” Sherlock said sometime later, as they lay on their sides facing each other under the covers, John’s thumb slowly and gently rubbing back and forth along his cheek. It’s what he imagined heaven would feel like, if he believed in such a place as heaven.
And there it was, the straw that broke the camel’s back, and by the look in Sherlock’s eyes, he knew it too.
“Now whose turn is it to ask stupid questions?” John chuckled. “Malcolm showed up to Speedy’s instead of you – nice guy, but a very poor substitute if you don’t mind me saying – and told me you were hurt. Obviously I had to come see you, find out what happened.”
everything quicker than everyone else,” he said, rolling his hips just enough to leave no doubt as to what he was referring. “But I don’t mean it like that, at least not tonight anyway.”
sex, but the fact that she thought it appropriate to talk about it, to let him know that she knew? It was absolutely mortifying. Sherlock had never been so embarrassed in his life; he could barely look at her.
They were having a party; no, a small gathering. What on earth possessed him to suggest they throw a gathering for their closer acquaintances, their friends? Sherlock thought as he settled back in his seat. But no, he knew why. It had been three months since their first date at Angelo’s, three months since he woke up in John’s arms knowing he wasn’t about to lose him. Three months of falling asleep together and kissing each other awake, three months of dates, of dinners, and occasionally dancing – though now that he had John, he had a far more enjoyable method for burning off adrenaline; and they did dance, they danced with no one but each other. But best of all, it was three months of cases and crime scenes.
“You’ll never know if you don’t try.” Sarah said in a sing-song voice as she got up and headed for the door again. “I’m just going to go call Drew and get an ETA. Think about what I said!”
“And what will knowing their names do? Are you going to hunt them down, beat them up in the name of some kind of ‘eye for an eye’ type justice?”
John took a deep breath, losing his composure and going off on the hospital staff was not going to do him any good, it was not going to get him to Sherlock any faster. “I’m Joh –”
“John Watson…” Sally grew quiet for a moment, before it dawned on her. “Oh right, you’re the bloke who got him out of that building.”
“Definitely interested!” John grinned. “I usually get work done in the library on Sundays. Meet at the first floor study carrels, ten o’clock?”
No, Sherlock was the luckiest man alive. He didn’t deserve John, he never deserved John. He could live a thousand lifetimes and never deserve John.
“Sherlock Holmes.” The man smiled. God, up close he was even more striking, all high cheekbones, and sharp angles. And his eyes, a piercing mix of grey, green, and blue. Not to mention that voice.
“It’s not a deathtrap!” Sherlock bit back. “Don’t listen to him, John. It’s in central London, several convenient tube stations, Mrs. Hudson charges a reasonable rent. Sitting room, kitchen, full bath, your own room.” God, he was sounding like a real estate brochure. “Come on, John. What more could you want? And by doing next to nothing, just moving in, you’d be saving me from having to go live with Mycroft.”
Their laughter seemed to have caught Lestrade’s attention, who shot them a raised brow from where he stood with Molly and Bill Murray.
“Exactly, and it sounded like he has little to no real experience with personal relationships, like all the emotions involved are new and unfamiliar.”
She claims that the stillness of the dead bodies are less distracting than the constant motion and interactions going on inside the living. It’s a bit morbid, but John figures you have to be a bit morbid to make your living dealing with disease, injury, and death.
(MSUD stands for Maple Syrup Urine Disease, a genetic condition where the body can't breakdown certain amino acids, resulting in sweet smelling urine. Left untreated, babies suffer brain damage and die. But with proper treatment and diet management, those affected can lead fairly healthy lives without neurological damage.)
“Oh, I don’t have you listed as one of Mr. Holmes’s doctors. Will you be taking part in his care here?” The nurse asked, scanning Sherlock’s chart.
“Sherlock, Sherlock happens. The dreams set in, I’m struggling to save some poor kid, or I’m just about to feel the bullet enter my shoulder, when I hear the violin. He’s downstairs, playing the violin, and it pulls me out of the nightmare, and it reminds me that I’m home, that I’m not over there anymore.”
“Christ, Sherlock! Are you alright?” John asked, already down the stairs and helping Sherlock to his feet.
“Wait, wait!” John couldn’t leave now, he was just getting interesting, and Sherlock hadn’t figured him out yet. “I’d… I’d really like it if you could teach me some ways of protecting myself.” Sherlock said softly.
Now, how about you all leave me some comments and/or corrections, and I'll post another chapter the day after tomorrow (disregard the fact that I'm going to do that anyway)
Lestrade and Evans were on their way back to New Scotland Yard, Sherlock’s mother was offering what comfort and support she could to a now worried Mr. Watson, and Sherlock stood alone in John’s room.
“Christ, John. What took you so long?” came a groan, and before he had even crossed the threshold, John found himself being pulled fully into the living room, and pressed flat between the wall and Sherlock’s firm chest, Sherlock’s thigh slotting between his legs, pressing into him, and Sherlock’s lips stealing away any possible retort.
“Exactly. It’s not much of an alter-ego when you chose one of the most common nicknames for your actual name. It’s barely a step up from ‘Johnny’”
John swallowed hard, as he felt his eyes start to prickle. Sherlock had always been amazing, and for anyone to think that John had a hand in making him even half the fantastic, fascinating, wonderful, man he was, was ridiculous. “Greg, I… I don’t…”
John took another deep breath, and plastered what was sure to have been a truly unconvincing smile on his face. “Consider it forgotten.”
“Nay, it’s fine, you’re already settled here.” John said, setting the bowl on the side table and adjusted Sherlock’s pillows again. “Just don’t expect me to wait on you hand and foot after this.” He added pointedly.
John was just about calm enough to start thinking about going back down – it was his flat too, he had every right to use the sitting room – when there came in quick succession, the sound of glass smashing, a loud thump, and an even louder “Fuck!” in Sherlock’s distinctive voice coming from the bottom of the stairs.
, I should probably let you know that I’m not looking for any type of relationship. I’m not interested in anything past tonight, tomorrow morning at the latest. If that’s going to be a problem for you, then you should probably move along now and not waste either of our time.”
“Oh, yeah, alright.” John sounded disappointed, like he wanted to go along. But he couldn’t. As unobservant as John could be at times, even he’d surely grow suspicious when they’d get to Bart’s and Molly would have no spleen for them, and no knowledge of texting Sherlock.
“But other than during class…” Molly said, her mouth turning up at one corner. “I don’t know, you two seemed kinda… friendly. I was just wondering.”
There were some rather audible sniffles coming from behind them, and John felt his eyes start to prickle once again as his vision became blurred. It took everything in him to fight the urge to throw himself at Sherlock, and wrap the man in his arms. He did however lift their joined hands to brush gentle kisses to Sherlock’s knuckles.
“The waiter, he accidentally forgot to charge us for the additional noodles we ordered. The special was only supposed to come with one type.”
“Wait! He can go? Why can’t I see him now?” Sherlock cried, trying to wheel himself after the surgeon and Mr. Watson.
“Ok, I don’t really hate it, it’s just kinda boring.” John replied. “It was my great-great-great-granddad or something’s name, and now all the first boys in our family have it as a middle name.”
“Now like I said, I’m the big sister, but for any of you who know us, or know our relationship, you would think John’s the older one. And I don’t just mean because of my flawless skin.” Harry joked. “No, it’s because John has always looked out for me, defended me, and yes, even protected me. We may not have always seen eye to eye, John and me, I’ve probably taken him for granted, and not been as grateful for him as I should, but that never stopped John from caring. No matter how crappy a sister I was, no matter how many times I messed up, John never gave up on me, never lost hope. Because of that, because of John, I didn’t give up on myself.”
“I didn’t realize I said that out loud.” John said as he turned to look over his shoulder, and the moment he set eyes on Sherlock, all the air immediately left his lungs. To say Sherlock looked good would be to say oxygen is important, undeniably true, but an almost inexcusable understatement. They wore matching tuxedos, but on Sherlock it was like a second skin, fitting every curve, like he was born to wear it. The silver-grey of the waistcoat and tie brought out the silver of his eyes, and made his fair skin glow like moonlight. His dark curls in a perfect state of disarray.
John knew he should take the couch, it was the right thing to do, but dammit he was sick of doing the right thing all the time. It was his bed, he had the right to sleep in his own bed. And after all, it wasn’t like he was going to be taking advantage of Sherlock, the bed was big enough for both of them. And so, after setting out Sherlock next dose of pain meds and a bottle of water, John slid in under the covers and fell asleep with Sherlock Holmes next to him for the first time.
“I guess you’re right.” The man smiled back –  a warm smile, an easy smile – and offered a hand. “John Watson, pleasure to meet you.”
“You’re damn right I am! Now come here and let me prove to you once and for all, just who’s the love of my life.”
A look of pure confusion crossed Sherlock face. It was, for lack of a better word, adorable. “Why do you want pillows and blankets?”
“It’s not. Not really, I mean.” Mike said, trying to come to terms with the fact he had just cock-blocked John and Sherlock. Should he go back and apologize? Send a text? No, no, that would just make it worse. “It’s obvious they’re both  mad for each other, but John’s been so adamant that nothing would ever happen since ‘Sherlock wasn’t interested in things like that.’ I wasn’t sure they’d ever get their heads out of their own arses.”
“Because it’s cramping, and I don’t want Heather killing us tomorrow. Don’t get used to this,” John added in a mumble, “this is the only time I’m ever doing this.”
“I see.” The man said. A smile flashed across his face, and for a second, it almost looked like one of pride. “Then in that case, we’re done here. Jacobs will drive you home.”
When he’d agreed to move in with Sherlock, he didn’t quite know what to expect of a place Sherlock Holmes would live, but seeing 221B, with its mismatched armchairs flanking the fireplace, old writing desk between the two large front windows, neat stacks of books and files on shelves and along the walls, Victorian looking wallpaper, framed skull panting, animal skull wearing headphones mounted on the wall, and human skull on the mantle – Sherlock really liked skulls – John could see that Sherlock Holmes could only ever live here. 221B fit Sherlock perfectly, and though he liked portray himself as a ‘normal’ everyman, John secretly felt that 221B could fit himself as well.
“Hey, John,” Mike said, pulling John aside as the party was breaking up and heading out for various other forms of celebrations, “I’m planning on staying with Becca tonight, so you and Sherlock can have the room to yourselves if the two of you wanted too…” he trailed off.
“The wear pattern on my floor begs to differ. Come here, and sit down.” John ordered, and with a glare, Sherlock flopped down next to him. “Good. Now listen, nothing’s going to go wrong tomorrow. Those little shits won’t dare try to change their story. They know if they backtrack, lie, or try anything, they’re opening themselves up to police prosecution.” Not to mention everything John would do to them.
Gasping for breath, John gazes down at Sherlock. “You’re going to take the lead here. I've only ever done this with girls.” He admits, slightly embarrassed.
“Better ways of going about it though.” Lestrade sighed. “Alright Mrs. Rachlin, I’m going to need Emily’s contact information so we can ask her some questions.” Mrs. Rachlin nodded. “Good. I also think you should probably get some rest, you’ve had a very difficult evening.”
“You clearly know both Molly and Lestrade, both together and separately. The fact that you appear equally comfortable with both of them, speaks to that.” Sherlock begins to rattle off. “The strong smell of antiseptic, and the address of the party written on a prescription pad, suggests medical student. So that’s how you know Molly. Medical students generally have some sort of anatomy related gift, and healing is the safest bet.”
The footsteps above them were heavy, the voices muffled but strong, they didn’t belong to Moriarty or Seb – Sherlock knew what they sounded like – this was someone else, well multiple someone eleses, there had to be at least ten of them. This could be just the distraction he and John needed.
“Oh this isn’t a permanent situation.” John laughed, shaking his head. “No, the first night is a freebie, tomorrow your bony bruised butt moves to out the couch and I reclaim my bed.”
However, all concerns over Sherlock’s behavior soon vanished as John hung back and watched him sweep the room and begin questioning Mrs. Rachlin. To watch Sherlock work was, for lack of a better word, brilliant. Not only did he manage to convince Mrs. Rachlin and her friend that it was perfectly reasonable for Scotland Yard to consult with a teenager, but also got her to recall everything, even the slightest, most seemingly insignificant details of the incident. Just as Lestrade had told them, she walked in on the burglary, startling the two intruders, and it was the shorter of the two – a woman – who knocked her out. She was knocked out standing in the doorway to the living room, but awoke on the couch along with a cold compress, and phone placed on the table next to her. After doing an inventory of the house, all the electronics, and the vast majority of Mrs. Rachlin’s jewelry – including a few very expensive pieces – remained untouched. In fact, the only things taken were a few of Mr. Rachlin’s family heirlooms, and they only really held sentimental value.
John looked to Sherlock for some sort of support, to set Mrs. Hudson straight, something; the man said nothing, he just stood there.
“I figured you’d be starting to get a little stir crazy,” Lestrade said as he entered the flat, “so I came bearing gifts.”
After looking around the flat for a bit, John found a book and settled back into the red chair. It was so… ordinary, yet for the last half hour or so, Sherlock kept finding his eyes drawn back to the man sitting in front of him. John was only reading about unsolved murders in the Victorian era, his tongue popping out to wet his lips every so often as his eyes continued to move across the pages, but Sherlock couldn’t stop watching. Why? Why couldn’t Sherlock retreat back into his mind palace as he normally did on days such as this? What was it about John, this ordinary man, with his neatly kept blond hair, his nice but common clothes, and his cautious but relaxed manor, which prevented Sherlock from being normal, or his version of normal?
Sleeping soundly, completely in love. Is there anything better for our boys? All that's left is epilogue where we find out if these two crazy kids can make a relationship work, and get just a peek at some of those better demons Sherlock was talking about (which should be a hint that these two crazy kids to make it work ;) )
John was honestly a little worried that things would feel awkward once he arrived at the library. With the semi-interrogation he got in the locker room, how could it not be awkward? But the second he laid eye on Sherlock, and Sherlock smiled at him and kicked out a chair across from him, everything else – the team, the questions – just melted away. They had a blackmailer to catch.
Before he knew it, Sherlock was at the local precinct. They lived in a relatively “low crime” area, and the station was never really busy, but there were still a fair few people waiting to speak with the desk sergeant. Sherlock stormed past them all; the two noise complaints, the stolen jewelry that wasn’t really stolen, and picking up a brother from the drunk tank, could all wait.
Sherlock shook his head, and looked down to where their hands were still linked, unable to look at John as he spoke. “No, I mean… I mean did you really mean everything you said to… to him, about me, about how you think I’m amazing and you’re lucky to be with me?”
But Sherlock never got to finish his begging, wanton request, as his lust addled train of thought came to a screeching halt at the sound of the flat’s door opening and heavy footfall in the hallway.
Sherlock lay in bed, listening to his parents move around, until finally the house grew quiet, and he knew it was safe.  Dressing quickly, Sherlock slipped out his bedroom window, and dropped down into his backyard with practiced ease. His parents and the police may have been fine starting the investigation in the morning, but Sherlock wasn’t. When he walked into the police station the next morning, Sherlock planned to have some solid leads, or at the very least, eliminate all doubt that John hadn’t left of his own volition.
“Yes, yes, I know.” Sherlock groaned. It took normal people several months to recover, but Sherlock was always quicker to heal than
And that's the first chapter. Let me know what you think, good or bad, I'm always looking for ways to improve!
“Good, because she’s not worth it. But it is time for you to get out there again. I saved your life once, and it’s time for me to save it again!”
“John, you… you tricked me!” Sherlock gasped. He didn’t seem upset, if anything he sounded more surprised that John was able to mislead him, than anything else.
“Great, that’s just what I needed.” John smiled, stopping his phone. He really didn’t need to record what came next. “Thanks gents!”
“You’re not an interloper.” Sherlock said quietly as he fumbled with the remote, turning on the telly.
This time, it was John’s turn to scoff. “Well, thank God you’re above all that.” He said pointedly, looking around the office.
And so, for a little over an hour, John talked Sherlock through some of the more basic blocking techniques as Sherlock tried to throw punch after punch. As with apparently everything Sherlock did, he picked it all up quickly, and by the end of their session when it was his turn, Sherlock was successfully blocking one after another of John’s ‘attacks.’ Sure John was holding back a bit, but Sherlock had made some serious progress.
“John! You made it!” Sherlock calls, motioning for John to come through. “John, this is DI Lestrade, the only person at the Yard who seems to have at least half a brain in his head. Lestrade, this is…”
It was worth it. Going to see Mycroft, the three hour drive, sitting amongst his ‘peers’ who were high on school spirit; it was all worth it just to see John play. Sherlock had seen him play many times before, but this game was different. Maybe because it was the ‘championship’, but it was like John could do no wrong. Every move John made was the exact right one – Sherlock may have read up on the intricacies of football with a special focus on the defensive midfield position – and his skills seemed to infect the rest of the players, everyone was playing  better. The game was, quite simply, perfect.  And when they won, and John looked to the bleachers – to Sherlock – with a grin that could rival the sun, it took every ounce of control for Sherlock to stop himself from rushing the pitch along with the rest of the fans. It was so worth it.
Sherlock had just finished filling his father in, when PC Butler returned with the note, secured safely in a sealed evidence bag. Leaping up, Sherlock snatched the note out of Butler’s hands and placed it on the table, his father looking over his shoulder. The note was short, just ten words:
Not taking the time to think, John yelled at one of the bystanders who had appeared to call for help, and then, moving purely on instinct, charged into the house.
“Do you still want to go somewhere for lunch, or would you rather we just head home?” John asked, holding the door open for the both of them.
“I’m heading out to lunch.” Sarah said, popping her head into John’s office a week after the whole Sherlock incident happened, “care to join?”
He had been right, the next morning was incredibly awkward. When he came down the stairs, John found Sherlock already awake and sitting at the kitchen table in front of his microscope, probably testing the soap samples from the night before.
John’s head snapped up from his menu, his eyes wide, and began looking at the employees and patrons. “Oh God. The people here aren’t… they weren’t…”
“No thanks necessary, and no apologies needed, I’m used to it. Not the running into burning buildings thing.” John said when Lestrade raised an eyebrow. “I was an army doctor, so I’m kind of used to the high stress situations, and people needed to get things off their chests.”
“Finally!” Sherlock sighed, and allowed John to lead him out of the hospital and into a waiting cab. Oh the things he was going to do to John in the back of that cab; he was just formulating a list when John slid in after him, and Sherlock promptly fell asleep, slumped against his protector.
“Thursdays and Sundays are probably my best nights. We have games Friday so the team likes taking the night off before, and we never plan anything for Sundays since a lot of the guys on the team are hung over from the night before.” John explained
Mycroft, of course it was Mycroft. He always had to stick his nose where he was neither wanted nor needed. Always presuming he knew best; John had it under control.
“Maybe it is, but I wanted make sure you know just how awful lying to me about food is,” John said, one side of his mouth quirking up in a teasing grin, as he tried to hail a cab. “Any idea where you want to go?”
“Alright, Snippy! You’re going to face me, and place your hands on my neck. Don’t actually choke me.”
They didn’t say much after that, instead they just held each other close, knowing that what they had together was special, that what they had together was precious. And just like that, entangled with one another, and with their excessive fondness for each other – their
“And where am I supposed to live if not here? I’ve been beaten to a pulp, and now you expect me to be homeless?”
With strong hands cupping the sides of his head, and long, narrow, violin calloused fingers sliding into his hair, John felt all previous doubts and fears begin to dissolve and disappear. Sherlock kissed with such fervor that the rest of the world itself began to dissolve and disappear. All that mattered was Sherlock’s lips parting against his, the sound of Sherlock’s whimpering moans when he slid his tongue into his mouth, and the feeling of Sherlock shivering when he snaked his arms tightly around the consulting detective’s trim waist.
John Watson is the happiest he’s been in a long time, possibly ever.  He’s about to graduate at the top of his class, he’s running around London solving crime, there’s a wonderful
“How did you…” John had been so careful not to leave any clues. When he found out the Vienna Philharmonic – Sherlock’s favorite symphony orchestra, second only to London – was doing a live broadcast, he had made a point to order tickets from a random school computer. He even printed them out by borrowing Dr. Kiernan’s pass code.
“Up, come back up.  I need to kiss you.” Sherlock whimpers, tugging John back up to reclaim his mouth. They kiss for what seems like hours, rolling their hips together, cocks sliding together, separated by only a thin layer of cotton and silk. It is like no sensation John has felt before, or at least hasn’t felt in a very long time.
“Then they’re stupid, because that was really cool.” He said, and this time, Sherlock smiled. “Now come on, we’re wasting time”
Well that settled it; John could look neither Sherlock nor Mrs. Hudson in the eye again for the remainder of his sequestration in 221B Baker Street.
In truth, John had never looked more handsome in his life. The cut of the suit was perfect to show off his build. His arms, his chest, his thighs – his arse – which were too often hidden underneath old jeans and jumpers – though John looked handsome in those too – looked amazing wrapped in Savile Row’s finest. And the deep navy color of the fabric matched the deep blue of his eyes, making them stand out and look stunning, making John look stunning.
“I’ve never doubted it for a second.” John beamed, caressing Sherlock cheek and sending a shiver down his spine. “And Sherlock, being with you, thinking of you, my exceedingly fond feelings overwhelm me too. I’m so fond of you Sherlock, so very, very fond.”
The past twenty-four hours, it wasn’t real, and it was time for John to get back to his real life. Pulling out his phone, John decided to start with Sarah’s voice message; it was what triggered everything after all.
Oh God, Sherlock was perfect, so perfect. God, Sherlock was gorgeous, so, so gorgeous. Sherlock was gorgeous and perfect, and all his. John loved him, God how John loved him.
They took it slow, John wanted to commit every single second of it to memory, and surely Sherlock did too. They removed each other’s clothing one article at a time, touching, kissing, nipping, tasting,
“Good thinking,” John hummed, his lips grazing Sherlock’s as he spoke. “We don’t want to have our weekend spoiled by a sub-par bed, that would be…”
After they picked up their food – which John managed to order flawlessly – they spent the evening in what had become their custom, sitting together on the couch, takeaway containers on the coffee table, and John, annoyedly yelling at Sherlock to stop ‘predicting’ the end of TV shows. There was no talk about the harassment claim being filed, no talk about if the school would take action, or if there would be any push back from Sebastian and the others. There was no talk of what came next; it was out of their hands, so they enjoyed the relative calm before the inevitable storm. In short, it was a near perfect evening. All it was missing was a locked room triple homicide courtesy of New Scotland Yard, but they couldn’t have everything.
“Oh thank god.” Mr. Watson sighed; there were tears in his eyes. Crap father or not, at least it looked like he genuinely cared about John.
Lestrade had barely gotten the words out of his mouth before Sherlock was pushing himself off the couch “Coat, I’ll need my coat,” he said whilst doing an excited one footed dance-hoop towards the hall where their coats were hanging.
Looking at pictures of the ballroom, seeing John in an impeccable suit, listening to the little details as plans for the weekend getaway fell into place, all of it would have been horrible enough if it had ended there, but it didn’t. No, what made it all worse, was that John was acting as if nothing had changed. At crime scenes, or the Yard, or in Bart’s, he still invaded Sherlock’s space. In cabs, and at the flat, he still sat close, thighs touching, arms brushing, and heads resting on shoulders. Touches still lingered as pens, phones, and mugs of tea were handed off. Fingers still intertwined, and heated looks still burned; perhaps even more often than before, Sherlock couldn’t be sure.
“His name is Mycroft,” Sherlock sighed. Leave it to Mycroft to find a way to butt into everything. “He occupies a minor position in the British Government, which is code for running the British Government from the shadows. Unfortunately for me, he’s also my older brother.”
“He will. And until then, I think you should hold onto these,” Lestrade said, pulling something from his pocket. “They had to remove them when they brought him in.” They were John’s dog tags, the ones John gave Sherlock for their anniversary. He had told Sherlock that in Afghanistan that those tags protected his identity, protected him from obscurity, told the world who he was. He told Sherlock he didn’t need them anymore because he had Sherlock, that Sherlock was fundamental to his very being, that there was not John Watson without Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock kept his tags, Sherlock still wore his tags.
It was just past four o’clock when John half dragged Sherlock into the presently empty flat. It would have been nice to have a little help, but given Sherlock’s present lack of filter, it was probably best that Mike wasn’t around to hear what Sherlock would reveal or admit to next. John didn’t bother stopping at the couch – which Mike had been nice enough to set up as a bed – but instead steered Sherlock towards his bedroom. With the cracked ribs, and drug-induced lack of coordination, John’s bed seemed the safer option, at least for the first night. Actually getting Sherlock into the bed was a different story all together. Every time John tried to sit him down, Sherlock would struggle to stand back up.
“Yeah,” John nodded enthusiastically, completely oblivious to the sudden jolt of fear that shot through Sherlock. “And he also always had spit in the corners of his mouth. It was super gross!”
“I can try, but I don’t think he’ll want them.” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he made his way out of Mycroft’s study.
“First, it’s called a malaphor, I’m surprised you don’t know that. And no,” John laughed, shoving Sherlock a bit, “I found out that it’s your birthday tomorrow!”
Room 122 was, just as John had said, at the end of the hall, and quite nice. In the corner, there was a little table with two plush looking chairs, a large window looking out over the inn’s small back garden, and in the center of the room, was a large bed absolutely covered in pillows.
Sherlock frowned, looking taken aback as John began kneading out the muscle. “What are you – why are you –”
“Sherlock” John murmured, “I’m pretty sure we’re well past the point that you even need to ask.”  And wrapping a hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck, he closed that final bit of distance separating them.
“Yeah. That – that might be… good.” Sherlock hummed, looking away. “This is the method someone intent on killing me would use, right?”
Pressed together from thigh to chest, as Sherlock began to dance again, John’s body moved along with him, his movements mirroring Sherlock’s. Even with the height difference – or perhaps because of it – they seem to slot together perfectly. As Sherlock rolled his hips, John’s rolled with them, against them, the sudden friction on certain parts of the body driving John spare.
"Most likely yes. Based on what you’ve told me of him, he sounds incredibly perceptive. His playing is probably his way of offering comfort. By not making any mention of it, that may be him trying to respect your privacy. Your nightmares are deeply personal, and if you’ve yet to mention them to him, I’d imagine that’s why he’s not saying anything either.”
“Night. Oh and Sherlock?” John said, stopping Sherlock before he could walk away. “You did great in there, we’re off to a fantastic start.”
“I think that’s my cue to go,” Lestrade said, clapping John on the shoulder. “And you better go see what His Majesty needs. I’ll stop by again soon, be sure to call if you need anything.”
A week before he’s set to leave for training, Greg organizes a little farewell get-together. And after an evening of listening to everyone’s well wishes, being told to ‘make Lizzie proud’, and staving off the advances of friends of friends who had obvious uniform fetishes and wanted to ‘get in on the ground floor’, John finds himself sitting in the corner talking with Molly.
“My uncle’s pocket watch…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off, he couldn’t believe it. The watch had belonged to his great-great-great uncle, the original Sherlock Holmes, the man after whom Sherlock was named.
Finishing his pathetic meal, John curled up on the old mattress, and began to wonder. He figured he had been missing for close to twenty-four hours, though John couldn’t be sure how long he was unconscious, was anyone looking for him? His thoughts immediately drifted to Sherlock. After everything they said, after everything they did last night, the confessions, the kisses, Sherlock would surely be worried, he’d be looking for him. Sherlock wouldn’t give up, Sherlock would find him. And so, with those thoughts, and the memory of Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him, of kissing those soft, perfect lips, John drifted off into a tenuous sleep.
John bit his lip to hold back a moan at the feeling of Sherlock’s hand, his long finger, ghosting over his rapidly hardening prick. “Oh Christ, Sherlock,” he gasped. “So I – I take it that’s your way of saying you’re ready for another go – go around?”
“Well obviously,” Sherlock huffed, sounding exasperated, as if John were missing something glaring. “But it’s in a new location now, and that means it has to be broken in again. Think of it as my anniversary gift to you.”
Next chapter is the last chapter before the epilogue. The boys learn what went on when they were captured, and the start the recovery process.
“Excuses, excuses.” John sighed. “But be honest, weak alter-ego or not, Jack did manage to show you a good time, didn’t he?
Intrusive prick; he was going to have to do another sweep of the flat for audio bugs. Sherlock was sure the earful Mycroft was sure to have gotten the week of his and John’s engagement would have been enough to make him never want to listen in on the goings on of his little brother’s flat ever again. Apparently not.
After training, John is sent to Afghanistan and quickly gains a reputation. Due to his ability, he is thought to be nothing short of a miracle worker, saving the lives of those many others wrote off as lost causes. If a solider comes in with even the faintest pulse, sometimes not even that, they’re brought to John. It gets the point that the definition of death is ‘if John Watson can’t bring them back.’ He even starts being sent into the field to give more immediate help to those injured. The army dreads when his leave rolls around, losing their best doctor for the duration. Though they don’t have to be without for long, John taking minimal leave, and often cutting it short. After John’s mother passes away three years after he joined, John finds there’s not much London has to offer.
“Ugh, you’re ridiculous, did you know that?” John huffed, giggling right along with Sherlock. “You’re a ridiculous, ridiculous man!”
Sherlock looked away, this was not going as he had planned. “It’s really nothing. It’s just… it’s just a case I’m stuck on.” He lied.
“221 Baker Street.” Sherlock barked as he opened the door and slid into the back seat. “If you get me there in less than fifteen minutes, I’ll pay double the fare.”
They would have made it back to the inn in record time, had they not stopped every few minutes to pull each other into alleys and push each other up against walls. And when they did finally make it back to their room… oh, it was better than John could have ever imagined. Sex with Sherlock had always been amazing, right from the beginning all those years ago, it took his breath away. But now? Now that Sherlock had agreed to marry him… it was something new, something astonishing, it was…
“What are your plans for tomorrow morning, around say, eleven o’clock?” Sherlock asked that Sunday evening, trying to sound disinterested in the answer.
“You’re the one who says they’ve been dancing around each other all year. And Sherlock’s been sleeping in John’s bed. This honestly couldn’t have been that big of a shock.”
“That was not as good a time as any! You didn’t think they looked a bit busy, maybe wanted privacy, like they were getting ready to…” She trailed off as her eyebrows rose.
“Yeah? So what do you think I should do about it then? How do I get him out of my head?” After everything he said to Sherlock before he left, John really didn’t see himself getting a second chance.
As John’s arms tightened around him, Sherlock began to slowly roll his hips, and the kiss took on a life of its own. Hand wandered, lips parted, teeth nipped, tongues met, and breathing grew heavy. Sherlock felt a familiar tightness start to stir, but just as he was about to push John flat on the bed, divest him of his clothing, and indulge in what he’d been thinking about since they got on the train, another part of Sherlock’s anatomy made its presence known.
My childishness won out again, and I couldn't resist the thought of Sherlock having to deal with a period. I'm sorry.
John let out a shaky breath and took Sherlock’s face in his hands. “It doesn’t sound ridiculous at all,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper, and kissed Sherlock again. The kiss was soft and slow, bordering on chaste as compared to those that came before, but it was deliberate. John tried to pour everything he felt into that kiss. He used that kiss to tell Sherlock that he saw him for who he really was, and not the façade he put on for everyone else. He used that kiss to tell Sherlock that he wasn’t alone anymore and that was all because of Sherlock. He used that kiss to tell Sherlock that everything Sherlock felt for him, he felt for Sherlock. And while it was too early to say the actual words out loud yet, John used that kiss to tell Sherlock that he was in love with him, wholly, completely, and irrevocably in love with him. When John finally pulled back, breaking the kiss, the look on Sherlock’s face told him that he got his message across.
“This conversation is over, Graham!” Enough was enough, Sherlock didn’t think he could stomach that smug little smile spreading across Lestrade’s face, and stormed off towards the cold case files.
Fun? Fun for whom? John was going to go off and woo someone who wasn’t him, there was going to be some new woman, and John was going to fall in… Sherlock was going to be alone again. No, this was anything but fun. John said something about ordering a takeaway for dinner – the most recent case prevented them from going shopping, so there was no palatable food in the flat – but Sherlock had stopped paying attention. Despite his stomach growling just prior to them returning to the flat, Sherlock had lost his appetite, and instead got up and headed down the hall to the bathroom.
“I like it. Plus you know what they say,” John murmured, pulling Sherlock even closer and running his lips along Sherlock’s neck, sucking on his pulse point, “‘age before beauty.’”
“Yes, and I can change into more ‘comfortable’ pajamas once we get home,” Sherlock added. “But for now, I want to leave this place looking and feeling like myself again.”
“Oh no we’re not!” Ethan protested. “We just can’t believe we are actually getting the chance to meet you.”
Finally free of worries and fears, John and Sherlock can be open and honest with each other. And just maybe, they can have what they've always wanted.
“Well for one, public swimming pools are incredibly unhygienic. It’s probably teeming with waterborne pathogens.”
Happy Friday everyone! (Well, at least it's Friday for me, it may already be Saturday for some of you). I honestly think this is a more positive chapter than the last one to start your weekend. But our boys are still idiots, and there a wee bit of worry/angst, so there's still that.
“Either.” Sherlock hummed, sliding even closer to John, which actually was saying something. “Just as long as they’re your arms and my arms, and no one else’s.”
“You’re right, they don’t.” Sherlock laughed, trying to steady himself and his thoughts. “For the moment, you’re the only cretin I want to do
“Temporarily, Sherlock, temporarily.” John sighed, rolling his eyes. “You broke your leg, you’re not in an iron lung.”
“Don’t bother.” Sherlock didn’t trust easily, that much was clear, and no amount of money could make John sever something so rare. No, absolutely not. Sherlock’s trust and friendship was worth more than money.
Roughly two months into their…arrangement, John is leaving the hospital when a black car with tinted windows, rolls to a stop in front of him. A large man, everything about him screams ‘bodyguard’, steps out of the driver’s seat, and opens the back door, signaling for John to get in. John’s not an idiot, and he attempts to go on his way, but he’s no match for the driver. Before he knows it, John finds himself sitting in the back of the car, possibly heading for his death, and all he can think is ‘I’m supposed to meet Sherlock at the Yard.’
Sherlock shrugged. “Some things manage to slip by even me from time to time; not much, but some.” He would have needed to see the path the bullet took in order to make a somewhat accurate deduction, and asking to examine John’s shoulder would probably have been a step too far. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t want to get a look, though. Everything about John, about his time in Afghanistan, was fascinating to him, and Sherlock wanted to know about all of it, even about what sent him home.
“It is going to be so nice having someone up here who’s actually polite.” Mrs. Hudson stared pointedly at Sherlock, who just shrugged and smiled around his cup as he sipped his tea. “Now, once you’re done, I’ll give you a quick tour, then I’ll get out of your hair and let you two settle in.”
John’s invaluably was just one more reason Sherlock had to get a handle on his attraction. He would not lose his first true friend, and someone who had quickly become indispensable to The Work. He could not lose John because of something so silly and common as ‘feelings’. But he was Sherlock Holmes, he had overcome cocaine, drug runners, murderers, and meddlesome older brothers, he was not going to allow himself to be bested by an ex-army doctor and his own hormones. He could do this, he could get over John Watson – despite how much he rather fancied the idea of getting under him. Shit, he had to stop thinking like that.
“They’re still a Holmes and a Hudson, them being pensioners doesn’t change anything. But that’s beside the point, you’re the one who framed the thing, you couldn’t have found it too offensive if you did that.” John said, smiling at the framed article as he pulled out his pajamas. Christ, the man took forever to get in bed!
“No, no. I’ll leave that in your team’s capable hands. I’m just wanted to check in with him, see how he was doing.”
John shivered, dear God did he want to give in and allow Sherlock to tug him upstairs to Sherlock’s childhood bedroom, and just give in. “Just wait a little longer. Pretty soon we'll be at the hotel, in our suite, and our hands can go absolutely anywhere, everywhere.”
John was quiet for a few moments, and Sherlock was just starting to think John would let his outburst slide, when, “Jesus Christ, Sherlock! If you didn’t want to go, you could have just told me!” He yelled, before turning to storm back into the sitting room.
“Yeah, right, chokeholds” John  nodded, a ghost of the smirk still on his face. “There are a lot of different types, but the two most common are the arm around the neck, attack from behind, and the hands around the neck, attack from the front.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that. Sherlock laid all the ground work, and his mum was the one who actually figured it out.” Molly blushed.
“Then we’re both newbies.” Sherlock’s voice sounding like silk, his hand slowly running along John’s chest and abdomen.
John was gobsmacked, he felt undeserving of such praise. All he had done was befriend Sherlock, and it wasn’t even like it was difficult. Was Sherlock really so lonely? He obviously had people who cared about him. Yeah, Sherlock was a bit odd, and definitely prickly, but who wasn’t odd in some way. And it wasn’t like John was particularly known of his warm and sunny disposition. What could he offer Sherlock, that someone else couldn’t? Sure they had clicked – far faster than John had ‘clicked’ with any of his other mates or… – and the comradery between them was easy, but that was it. John really wasn’t that special.
To put in simply, the rest of evening turned out fantastic. Surrounded by some of his closest friends – both old and new – watching the man who had turned his life upside and captured his heart, argue about the legalities of
Finally after a few seconds, Sherlock shook his head and opened his mouth as if to respond, but before he could, John heard a door open from behind them.
“Yes; though I wouldn’t say I helped. I did almost all the heavy lifting, the authorities just came in at the end to make the arrests.”
“Does she interrogate everyone you bring back to the flat like that?” John asked, starting to wash the dirty dishes. Something told him Sherlock was not going to do it, and he didn’t want to create a mess for Mrs. Hudson.
“A towel should take care of the mats. They’re going to be cleaned tomorrow anyway, so that shouldn’t be a problem.”
“And the Yard calls you, an eighteen year old kid? Why would they listen to you?” Sherlock’s brow furrowed, his whole body tensed, and his shoulders hunched as he looked to fold in on himself. Shit. “Wait, what am I saying? You’re a genius, they’d be idiots not to listen to you!” John hurried to add.
“I didn’t.” Sherlock grumbled, turning to face the back of the couch. “I thought she was your brother. I got it wrong, no need to rub it in.”
– I’m ready…  John, I’m ready now.” Sherlock gasped as John slowly pulled his fingers out. Already he felt hollow, empty; already he ached to be filled.
Of course, it was all for the anniversary party, it was all for his date. John was putting in extra effort, and it certainly wasn’t to impress his old university friends. It was for the faceless woman, he wanted the night to be special for her. Sherlock’s chest felt suddenly hollow.
Sherlock didn’t hurry – John figured he deserved it as some sort of revenge for the night before when he took his time stripping Sherlock – instead he teased John, barely brushing his entrance against John’s head.
“Alright, if you two are done having your little fun at my expense,” Sherlock scowled, “I’d very much like to go. I want to put this whole fiasco behind me.”
He fought to stay awake, but the feeling of his mother’s hands running through his hair, and her calming reassurances, lulled Sherlock, allowing him to drift off to sleep.
“You plan on becoming a doctor. That takes a bit of money, and you don’t exactly come from means. I could pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
Shit, he couldn’t even get a clean break. “No… No, it’s fine,” John said, turning to find Mrs. Hudson standing in the doorway to 221A, “I just need to head home. Sorry to disturb you, Mrs. Hudson.”
“That’s ok. Why don’t you go take your seat next to John over there, he’ll be your classroom buddy for the week and he’s going to help get you settled in with us. John, raise your hand for me please.”
“You did well also… after I got you thinking. You saw that the intruder showed care for Mrs. Rachlin, and you figured out Emily’s motive.”
It happened on a Saturday afternoon, just a regular, unassuming Saturday afternoon. John was sitting in the living room of Harry’s flat going through some old e-mails, when his phone rang. He didn’t recognize the number.
“Did what? Oh wait, did you finally figure out who’s been leaving Mr. Mccullough those freaky notes?”
DI Lestrade just sighs, shaking his head at the young detective “Listen Mr. Holmes, you’re a smart kid, and you have helped before, but there are some things we can solve without you. We are professionals, after all. I don’t care what you may have heard on your scanner.”
“You’re sure you don’t mind riding back with me?” Sherlock asked as he pulled onto the M1 to head back to London.
He couldn’t believe he’d actually agreed to do this. John was really going to risk his, granted temporary, job, all to play pretend with a stranger he’d just met? Admittedly, Sherlock was a very interesting stranger, but still, this was insane, John was insane. Though John had to admit, it sure beat the hell out of wandering around, balancing a tray of spinach puffs. Oh he was definitely insane.
“Extortion none the less.” Sherlock grumbled, trying to ignore the fact that John was still smiling up at him. “I don’t even really need my test, I know I aced it. And I can just check my grade online.”
!” Sherlock moaned as John started thrusting in earnest, running his thumb over their heads, applying just enough pressure to drive Sherlock mad.
A case; an actual, real case! After months with only drop in the bucket cold cases, Sherlock was finally going out to investigate an active case. Not only that, but he was out of the flat, he had something to do that wasn’t a doctor’s appointment, physical therapy, or John insisting he needed a change of scenery and dragging him out to Regent’s Park or along with him on a Tesco run. Sherlock could have kissed Lestrade when he showed up, and he could have kissed John when he didn’t have any problems with Sherlock going.
Part of him didn’t want to hear how Sherlock knew he was no longer affianced, didn’t want thoughts of her intruding on
They had barely set foot in the small, dimly lit Italian restaurant, before the owner, a large man with a greying pony tail to make up for his receding hairline, had hurried over to great them. As he personally showed them to their table, and in between his admonishments of Sherlock for not being by in months and failing to properly look out for himself, Angelo – the owner after whom the restaurant was named – kept up a running commentary of praise for Sherlock. The picture he painted made it seem like Sherlock was a living saint walking among mere morals, instead of the man who got him sent to jail for house braking instead of murder.
“Because he only has four pairs, and they’re all right here. And those were the shoes he was wearing on Sunday.” Sherlock said, pointing to a pair of sneakers. He seriously started to wonder about the Met’s hiring practices, if they made an idiot like Evans, a detective.
They kissed for a long time, but it never progressing past kissing – there was all the time in the world for that later.
“I’m not a fragile piece of crystal. Fucking, fuck me!” growls Sherlock. Bringing his lags up to wrap around John’s waist, Sherlock’s hands falling to John’s ass, attempting to force him in deeper. With one fast thrust, John is almost completely buried in Sherlock. “Oh GOD!” Sherlock yells whether in pain or pleasure.
Shit! Was that too fast? But John had just said no one would come close to Sherlock, that Sherlock was the one for him. Surely that meant something, surely he –
“The photo on her desk shows the victim, her husband and another woman sitting in a living room. The other women clearly resembles the husband, so his sister.” Says Sherlock, positively beaming. “You can see from the background, the flat was most likely decorated by a woman, but clearly not by our victim, if the décor of this office is any indication. There are some masculine elements to the flat, so it’s shared by the brother and sister. There, also, if you look carefully at the sister-in-law, she has an ID tag clipped to her jeans with the logo of Biolab Medical, meaning she as access to cyanide. The victim has rental ads bookmarked on her desktop, but the flats are more fitting of a single individual as opposed to a couple. Clearly they’re for the sister-in-law. And finally,” now Sherlock is practically vibrating with excitement, John’s actually worried he may injure himself. “There is a shopping list in the victims bag, on which are several lactose free items, including almond milk, but looking in her desk drawer there are dairy based creamers. The sister-in-law is most likely lactose intolerant, and our victim wouldn't question her giving her coffee with almond milk instead of actual milk.”
It’s the last day of spring, and the evening is clear and warm, so once dinner is finished, they opt to walk back to Baker Street, instead of taking a cab. As they cross the street after leaving the restaurant, Whitney’s hand slips into John’s, and remains there for the rest of their walk. John can’t help but smile at the feel of Whitney’s slim, elegant hand in his, fitting almost perfectly, feeling almost as if it was made to be there.
“And what about any family?” Good lord, could Mrs. Hudson not see John was uncomfortable with this line of questioning? And people accuse him of being unaware of social queues.
“Well it’s nearly noon now,” John said, glancing at his bedside clock, “that means that the day is essentially half gone.”
Not bothering to answer, Sherlock grabbed John by the hand and dragged him along the stone path, following the signs to the Poison Garden. Only, when they finally arrived in front of a large iron gate – complete with skull and crossbones and dire warnings of death – there was a small sign posted out front.
He heard footsteps, the floorboards of the hallway creaking, and then, “Sherlock?” John’s voice was soft, and Sherlock could see his outline in the doorway. “Hey, good, you’re awake. How are you feeling? How’s your pain?” He asked, moving into the room and turning on the corner lamp, a glass of water in his hand.
“Friend, handler, babysitter. Take your pick.” Lestrade chuckled and shook his head. “No, I call him in to help on cases every so often, and I kind of took a shine to him over the years. Became his de facto friend I guess.”
“Yes Molly, I am. Now don’t you have to be at work or something? While those in your charge may be late, you shouldn’t be.”
The chicken fettuccini in a white vodka cream sauce turned out to be an excellent choice, as they ended up eating more of it off of each other, than off of the plates. Though they may or may not have intentionally dripped the sauce down their chins, and dropped the noodles on to their chests. Well, at least Sherlock did it on purpose, and something told him John did too. Then there was the chocolate lava cake. The mix of warm chocolate and the taste of John’s skin, was an intoxicating combination that was sure to leave Sherlock reeling for days. The shower they shared to clean off all the residue, was even better. They did have to call down to get a change of sheets – which they replaced themselves, it would have been unfair to make the inn staff deal with that mess – but it was absolutely worth it.
“Oh no, when I confronted him, he just brushed it off and ignored me. It wasn’t until I deduced him that this started. He didn’t take too kindly to me revealing his father’s gambling problem, nor that he was was seeing two other girls behind his girlfriend’s back. In retrospect, perhaps I shouldn’t have said it in front of said girlfriend, I didn’t want to cause her any emotional distress.”
Unable to hold back any longer, John picked up the pace, pounding faster and faster into Sherlock’s body. He didn’t know how much longer either of them was going to last, Sherlock’s bucking hips meeting every one of his thrusts. John felt them barreling towards the edge, when suddenly Sherlock’s hands were on his arse, forcing him in harder and deeper with every thrust, and John was lost, lost to the clawing hands, biting kisses, and wanton cries of their lovemaking.
“Well, I’d be a fool to argue with my doctor. If you say I should have the potato, I’ll have the potato.”
It only took one look at Ms. Linddard-Weston’s niece’s face as she walked through her late aunt’s home for it to became clear that John’s stories were true, and another ten minutes of questioning to get the niece to confirm what they already all knew. The Tears of Ceylon had been in the family’s possession, and it had once again gone missing.
“Did you know that the honey bee’s wings beat at more than two hundred beats per second?” Sherlock said, blurting out the first thing to pop into his head. “That’s what causes the stereotypical ‘buzzing’ sound. They can also fly up to six miles at a time and fly as fast as fifteen miles per hour.” What was he doing? Oh god, he was panicking. Sherlock never panicked, then again he also never…
“That you shouldn’t mix your idioms?” Sherlock suggested, throwing a sweatshirt over his head and pulling on his coat.
“You did the right thing, sir,” said one of the paramedics as his partner loaded Sherlock, already strapped to a spinal-board, into the back of one of the waiting ambulances. “Do you know his name?”
“I got some food from that Greek place you like.” John calls from the kitchen, as Sherlock settles himself on the couch.
“John Watson, I am appalled!” Sherlock said, gasping in mock indignation. “When have I ever mislead or lied to you?”
“Oh we’re going to be extremely busy.” Sherlock murmured. He had already undone both their ties, and was starting on the top buttons of John’s shirt. “There’s a reason they call it a sex holiday.”
Finally, after nearly three weeks of practically radio silence from Mycroft on the topic, a deal was struck. The police report Lestrade drew up was officially on file and the three accused all admitted their guilt. But by agreement of all parties involved, no police action was to be taken. Instead Sebastian Wilkes, Edward Van Coon, and Brian Lukis had to face a full hearing in front of the school’s disciplinary committee.
“Yeah, and it cost me an arm and a leg; I don’t have to tell you.” John groaned. “But I needed a new one, seeing as my old suit go ruined during that case for Lord Bellinger. I just figured, you always look so good in your bespoke suits, and it might be nice to have something a bit better than the usual for next month, and you know… beyond.”
“Yes! And I mean Banyard stakeout levels of sex, when we had no electricity and next to no mobile signal.”
“There you go being ridiculous again,” Sherlock hummed, lifting his head to capture John’s lips, and began peppering John’s mouth and face with kisses, “because there is nothing – and I mean nothing – boring – or run-of-the-mill – about you, John Watson. – You are the very opposite – of boring – and unexciting.”
Sherlock had just settled back on his bed, a new tab open to start looking for places that would be open for brunch – dear God, was he really about to go to Sunday brunch – when John’s phone pinged again on the bedside table, this time indicating a new text message. It was probably the friend from Friday, checking to see if John had still not been murdered. He glanced over, and there on the screen – bright as the sun, burning into his retinas – were three little notifications that made Sherlock’s heart stop and plummet straight down to the bottom of his stomach.
“And you think just ignoring it will?” What little patience John had left was dwindling fast.  “You tried ignoring it, and you defended yourself, and it just got worse. Their getting away with it, and they’re going to keep doing it. This will not stop until they are held accountable for their actions. Please, Sherlock, I can’t do this by myself. I can’t – I can’t stand seeing you like this.”
Thoughts of John filled Sherlock’s mind. Days were spent focused on finding new leads, sussing out the genuine calls and messages, from the useless. At night, Sherlock dreamed only of John, at least nights when he actually managed to sleep, or rather when he passed out from exhaustion. It wouldn’t have been so bad if they were actually dreams, but more often than not, what little sleep he got was plagued with nightmares.  Sometimes when he’d close his eyes, it was John’s body the police had dragged from the Thames. His body riddled with cuts and bruises, track marks running up his arms, all signs of living on the streets. The empty shell of John’s broken body haunting Sherlock, asking why Sherlock abandon him, why he wasn’t faster, better, why he couldn’t save him. Other times he’d relieve their last night together, but John would pull away from their kisses, laughing, taunting Sherlock.  John would tell Sherlock that he disgusted him, that he could never be interested in someone like Sherlock, in ‘the freak.’ John never wanted to see him again, Sherlock was the reason John left, was the reason John was in danger. But very rarely, perhaps only once or twice, Sherlock dreamed of the future, a bright future where John was happy and safe and by his side. John was the doctor he’d always dreamed he’d be, and Sherlock was solving crimes full time. They’d run through the streets, and fall into bed at night to wake in each other’s arms. Those were the dreams from which he never wanted to wake. He always awoke with a sense of hope, only to realize he was alone, slumped over his desk, or occasionally in his bed, his arms empty, and he ached.
each other as they went. And only when they were both completely naked, kneeling together on the unmade bed, held in each other’s arms, did Sherlock back John up, pushing him to sit against the headboard.
By the time the nurse had finished her examination, the parents had returned, along with the doctor who conducted his own examination, and Sherlock was made to get back in his own bed. Reassured that John and Sherlock would both make full recoveries, Mrs. Holmes immediately began to gush over John in a way only a mother could.
The guests quickly stood by their seats, and the music started playing. Sherlock had composed and recorded the song himself specifically for them to walk down the aisle to. John thought it was the most beautiful song he’d ever heard, breathtakingly gorgeous, just like the man who wrote it.
The rest of that first day in hospital passed relatively quickly. Doctors and nurses came by to examine them, and adjust medications. Both John and Sherlock drifted in and out of sleep. And the Holmes’ and Mr. Watson chatted amongst themselves, able to catch up and relax now that their sons were safe. There were no other visitors, but something told Sherlock that the reprieve was not going to last much longer; they still needed to speak with the police, and the press was sure to catch wind of John’s rescue, if they didn’t know already.
“Your ancestral home. Because you’re a hobbit, and New Zealand’s where the hobbits are.” Sherlock said with a completely straight face, though there was a twinkle of mirth in his eye.
John let his head drop, stopping mere millimeters from Sherlock’s lips. “You don’t say? Well, I’m more than happy to put in the time, no matter how long it takes,” he murmured, “if you want me to, that is.”
“I didn’t think you would” Lestrade sighed. “But seriously, I don’t think you understand how much Sherlock’s changed since being with you. Yes he’s still impulsive, a bit abrasive, still impatient.” He chuckled. “But, well, he notices the effect he has on people now, and he takes that into account.” He paused, as if looking for the right words. “ What I’m trying to say is Sherlock has always been a great man, but now, because of you, he’s also become a good one. You’ve brought out his… compassion, and you’ve made him see that there’s nothing wrong with actually caring about other people from time to time.”
Because I'm the neediest person I know, please let me know what you thought of the final confessions (well, not final, there's still more to come in the next chapters). Drop me some of them comments, and maybe I'll let them have the happily ever after they deserve.
“That shouldn’t be an issue.” If all the furniture was pushed against the walls, his sitting room should be large enough. Maybe if he offered to reimburse her, he could persuade Mrs. Hudson to hire someone to do it before he returned.
?” Sherlock said, finally turning around and sitting up rather violently. “I am a cripple, John! I cannot do my job. My work is who I am, and without it I am nothing. I’m useless, I’m less that useless! Now tell me, Dr. Watson, how do you propose we fix what’s
Under the guise of IT installing updates, Sherlock – with John acting as his assistant – had actually managed to install the patch on all but one of the computers. He was just putting the finishing touches on the last one, when an actual IT representative showed up, and they had to get out fast. Apparently when more than one officer in charge’s computer was rebooted within a certain time frame, an automatic alert was sent to IT and someone was sent to check for a power or network failure. Or in this case, an idiot university student and his enabler trying to gain access to murder investigations.
Warning, things are starting to get a little flirty. This is another semi-filler chapter, but with maybe some good stuff pepper in (if I do say so myself)
“Already taken care of. Mrs. Hudson has already said she’s straightened everything up for me, and got someone to rearrange my furniture. As for it being on the first floor, it’s only seventeen steps from the ground floor to my flat. And I only have to get up them once. By the end of the daily in-home therapy, I’ll be strong enough to navigate them better.”
“You look pretty good in a suit.” Sherlock looked up from buttoning his cuff to look into the mirror and saw John standing behind him, smiling.
“At least for the rest of the night, then. You’ve yawned three times in the last half hour, let’s just stay here… like this.”
"That certainly would have saved us both a lot of time and injury.” Sherlock said, eyeing the bandaging around John’s palms.
“Yeah.” Becca nodded.  “We’ve been together nearly two and half years, you’re at mine most of the time anyway, might as well officially live together.”
It was possible Lestrade said something in response, but at that point Sherlock had stopped paying attention. He found himself preoccupied with the sight of John with his head thrown back against the window, and the all too familiar sound of John’s laugh, the one that originated deep within his chest. It was infections, Sherlock was powerless to not join in.
“Right. Still, not something you want to be dealing with after the day you’ve had, I’ll bet,” chuckled Lestrade. “Listen, I’m sure I can arrange for one of my officers to give you a ride home. It’s really the least we can do after everything you’ve been through, everything you’ve done.”
Lestrade and Molly both stopped by for visits, and both seemed surprised to find John there, but both warmed to him immediately. Sherlock tried – and failed – not to roll his eyes when John talked about “how nice his friends are”, once they’d left. Mrs. Hudson came by as well – treats in hand – and Sherlock got the extra treat of seeing the look of shock and surprise on John’s face when he was enveloped by one of Mrs. Hudson’s shockingly strong hugs. John’s look of shock and surprise when he learned that the elderly woman clinging to him while weeping her thanks for “saving her boy” was not in fact Sherlock’s mother, but his landlady, was the proverbial icing.
“So, come on, what kind of cases have you worked on? Anything high profile, anything I might have heard of?”
In the hours he was alone in his cell, John filled the time with thoughts of home. He remembered the better times, before his mother fell ill. He and Harry would spend hours ‘helping’ their mother in her beloved garden. His mother didn’t have a green thumb to save her life, but oh did she try. One type of flower would die, so she’d try another. The memory of her spinning her children around when they discovered they’d grown three whole tomatoes still made him smile. John filled the cold, lonely hours with thoughts of a happier home and his friends, but mostly he thought of Sherlock. He thought of the adrenaline fueled chases through London, of childhood afternoons playing with Redbeard, and of the countless quiet moments where they were just together. During the particularly difficult times, usually after he had been questioned and he was nursing his injuries, John would let himself imagine about what came next, what the future held for him and Sherlock. Sherlock would no doubt have the world at his fingertips, and John would be there beside him for as long as Sherlock wished it. John was going to support Sherlock when Sherlock needed support, he was going to hold Sherlock when Sherlock needed to be held, and he was going to encourage Sherlock when Sherlock needed encouragement.  John was going to get out of this, because John had a future to uphold.
Sherlock let out a private sigh of relief as he watched John dig through the cabinets, pulling out various pans and dishes. He hadn’t driven him away.
The heat was intense, more intense than anything he’d felt before. Flames licked at the crumbling walls, and the air was already getting thick with smoke, so much so that John had to cover his mouth and nose in order to even breathe. His eyes starting to water, John had to squint to be able to see, but he had to keep going, he had to find the man in the coat. It didn’t matter if he was home in London and no longer on the battlefields of Afghanistan, John never left a man behind, he couldn’t. He had to find the man in the coat.
“Everything’s a good look on her.” Pride, oozing from Greg’s voice. “ John, you made it!” Greg says, finally spotting John.
“I do have one question.” John said, Sherlock just raised an eyebrow. “Did Mycroft really bring his PA to our wedding?” Every time John had seen Sherlock’s older brother, the always unreadable Anthea was at his side, though thankfully her ever present phone was nowhere in sight.
“ARE YOU ALRIGHT!?!” John yells to Sherlock, voice tinged with panic. “Sherlock, answer me! Are you alright!?!”
“That makes more sense. In that case, I would advise you to contact the police. Sherlock may wish to press charges. He should press charges.”
“We are,” Sherlock smiled, “but you’ve clearly been plotting since Saturday, and it seems a shame for that all to go to waste.”
Even though his own injury had only been in his head, John knew that pain all too well. Some days – before rushing into a house fire seemingly fixed it for good – when the cramping in his leg got especially bad, there was one thing that, it didn’t take it away, but it made it less excruciating, made it more manageable.
“What? And risk over stepping? Not on your life, I’m too much of a coward.” John chuckled, unable to resist tangling his fingers in Sherlock’s curls any longer.
But that night, the night of their second ‘first time we saw each other’ anniversary, they didn’t know any of this. All John Watson knew as he lay in bed that night was that he had found the love of his life, and his love for the man in his arms - his Bumblebee - grew deeper and stronger with every passing moment. And all Sherlock Holmes knew was that nothing on Earth could ever make him happier than he was with the man holding him, the man who loved him and showed him what love meant and what love could do. Against all odds, they had found each other, and they were safe and loved, and everything was perfect.
Sherlock blushed. “So I guess it’s safe to assume you didn’t change your mind since last night and decide I’m not worth the effort?”
“Tell me if I’m wrong. Tell me if I’m doing something wrong.” He breathed, cupping John’s face in his hands, and leaning down until their mouths were only inches apart.
“Well that’s a relief,” John chuckled against Sherlock’s lips, his arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock’s back, “we still have three nights left here, and that would have been really awkward if you’d turned me down.”
“I appreciate it,” John smiled, “but actually I was hoping it’d be alright if I hung around a bit longer. I’d kind of like to know how Sherlock is, make sure he’s going to be alright.”
John refused to tell Sherlock where they were going, and for fifteen minutes guided him by the hand through streets and up different lanes until finally, they reached a large stone gate leading into…
Sherlock sat on the couch, leaning against his mother. “The police still think John ran away. They’re only sending the note for analysis because Dad asked them too.”
It was quiet for several long moments. Sherlock tried to refocus on the article before him, but he was all too aware of John’s presence next to him. He could feel the heat radiating off of John’s body, soaking into his skin. He could feel John’s shoulder just barely touching his, John’s naked thigh next to his. It was… distracting. Not unwanted, but still distracting.
“You’re always looking out for me, John.” Sherlock laughed, pulling the extra sweatshirt over his head.
That’s not to say there isn’t a bit of variation thrown in. Sometimes they meet at the library so Sherlock can show John some cold cases DI Lestrade has given him, those days they solve four or five cases in one sitting. A lot of times they stop for something to eat, John insisting they need to keep up their energy. There are nights where one or both don’t really feel like sex, so they part at the crime scene. There are even a few nights where one of them, usually John, gets a text just requesting a hook-up, but those nights don’t happen too often. Not that either will admit it, but they both like spending time together before….spending time together. But one thing is for certain, when they see each other, they usually fall into bed, and in the morning they both woke up alone.
“Do you want to do it face to face now? I mean,” John laughed self-consciously, “do you want to learn how to deal with an attack from the front now?” John’s voice sounded a bit huskier, a bit more on edge. Fantastic, Sherlock had managed to make him uncomfortable with his botched escape attempts. But was it really Sherlock’s fault that attack was so… intimate? Maybe he could have tried harder to escape quicker, but it felt… No, Sherlock was still learning, he couldn’t be expected to be perfect.
