The Spaniard stood up from the table and leaned forward, placing his large, sunned hands on the wood.
He cried out, the burning pressure overwhelming at first. John coaxed him through it, told him to hold still and let himself adjust. Slowly, the majority of the burning went away, and he was left with a dull, tolerable ache. He dared to move his hips very slowly, then gingerly up and down over John's thighs.
The dinner from the night before had been calm and anticlimactic. As John suspected, Sherlock was a regular at dinner in the beginning, but had failed more times than not to appear in recent weeks.
Donovan shrugged his shoulders. “That’s no skin off my teeth. Can the man still solve a murder is what I’d like to know.”
“Nothing. Not anymore,” he said sternly. His eyes met Sherlock’s one last time, full of disappointment and sadness.
“He hit your ten times,” he grumbled incredulously.
Felipe shushed him and kissed him softly.
“No, I helped him put up some shelves.”
“What?” John looked down at the cigarette in his hand. He handed it to Sherlock who eagerly took it.
“One month. Four weeks and we’ve solved four cases and tracked down The Strangler.”
“Sir, that is most generous,” replied John, both shocked and grateful. “Thank you, sir,” he said, bowing.
Sherlock raked his long fingers through John’s short, blond hair, and pulled the soon-to-be doctor tightly against his chest while wrapping his legs firmly around John’s waist, his feet brushing his arse. John cried out helplessly and whispered, “Sherlock, oh, God, I can’t…”
William sat the book aside and opened another bottle of wine. He refilled their cups and took a generous swig from his own.
John opened the carriage window and let the air blow through his hair. He sat his hat snugly against his thigh. The trip had been uneventful. He wrote quite a bit on the train to take his mind off how much he missed Felipe. His homesickness was surprisingly intense. John watched as the sun set over the lush green hills of the Cromwell estate. He felt like a new person coming back to an old life he no longer wanted to live.
Felipe’s face fell. He sat up onto his heels.
“Well then,” Sherlock said turning to John. “Watson, pack your suitcase.”
Sherlock ignored him as he caught an eyeful of the blonde from the bushes; fourth row back, brass section, trumpet in hand. A smile played at the corner of his red and swollen lips. Sherlock almost felt jealous.
"Next time, let me take care of you, yeah?" whispered John, his breath hot in Sherlock's ear. He slid a palm over the young musicians thigh, and squeezed gently.
Wet tongue danced along his shoulder, down his back and over the skin covering his tailbone. The sound of someone spitting generously into the soft crevice made him squirm. Lips ghosted along his darker insides with breath purposefully strong and generous. John maneuvered Sherlock’s body as he pleased to open him, pressing his lips against the pink, puckered centre. The fluttering entrance unfurled with a firm, wet tongue as he coaxed his middle finger inside, adding more saliva to the sweet opening. Sherlock’s body fought him as he gently pushed in a second finger, the tight heat making John heady with desire.
It was privacy that seldom came with being in service. It had been years, except for the short trip to Berlin with Sherlock, that he'd had a room to himself. He had plans to look at the book that Sherlock had given him months before, the one he’d begged him to read but to keep hidden at all cost.
The baton came down so hard on his back that Sherlock dropped his bow. It stung no worse than the shock, but tears still sprung into the backs of Sherlock's eyes.
Sherlock glared back at her as he cut vigorously into his meat.
Molly stood frozen. Her mind was battling her heart.
“Dr. Canales?” inquired John.
Sherlock gasped and grabbed onto John’s forearms. John kissed him there again, this time with the tip of his tongue. Sherlock shook with pleasure and threaded his arms under his knees, holding his legs up for John to better explore him.
Sherlock moved his pawn and approached an older woman knitting on a bench adjacent to the board.
“Oh,” said John. “I’m fine.”
“Wait,” he said. He pulled a satchel from the camel’s saddle. He slid open the pouch and discreetly revealed a bottle of liquor.
“Help me. He’s here, he has to be here, he’s just lost…”
John was removing a marble from the ear of one of Senora Margolis's boys when Maria walked in with the telegram.
“Guşgy.”
-------------
“I’m sorry,” whispered John.
“I know he’s in good hands,” said Lestrade kindly. He raised his hand to his forehead in a salute.
Mycroft soberly looked down at him, his eyes now deep red and swollen.
Three weeks later
John leaned down and let the tip of his thumb brush against the scruff on the doctor’s cheek.
It was John Watson.
John slowed his hips. He pulled Sherlock’s knees up and over his shoulders and pressed forward, pushing the breath from Sherlock’s lungs.
John and Sherlock sat side by side in the passenger carriage, listening to the train huff and puff while idling. Sherlock was desperately forcing his mouth closed and had resorted to sitting upon his hands. His leg still bounced in a steady, nervous rhythm, as his eyes fixated on the wall across of him.
He heard John turn towards him as they released each other’s hands.
“We used to ride together.”
His hand hung out there for quite a while. The Spaniard reluctantly shook it, his hand engulfing John’s.
“As you wish, m’lady,” answer Mr Frank. He gave John an assuring look and left the room, closing the large wooden doors behind him.
“I’m going to make you ready for me,” he said softly. “I’m going to open you up even more with my fingers, until you can take my cock.”
Sherlock pressed his lips together, his fingers steepled against his lips.
Sherlock sat shaking, looking at the floor. Only one thought entered his mind.
“Do you?” asked Brook. He leaned forward. “Victor told you that I have high hopes for you. I’m even considering moving you into Concert band.”
Sherlock contemplated Raibert's words as well as he could through his growing buzz. "You think so?"
“It seemed - logical, at the time.”
Players walking by slowed to listen, faces eager to hear news. Sherlock mouthed to them all “he’s doing great! Full recovery expected!”as he leaned into the phone, pretending to hear. “Victor, everyone wants to say hi!” He held up his phone, and everyone yelled their salutations and wished him well. “Did you hear that? Yeah, wait, you’re breaking up, hold on -” He winked at his fellow players and made like he was going outside. The crowd dispersed and entered into the classroom. He could already hear the chatter about Victor’s recovery.
Sherlock hung up, and curled back up on his bed, wishing he could.
“Dr. Watson,” said Sherlock kindly. “Please, sit down. Tea?”
He was about to call it a day when one of the nurses informed him that Dr. MacDougal wished to see him right away.
“You’re going to be fine. Just a big bump on the head,” said John Watson. “If you do start to feel nauseous, or have any severe headaches, might want to see your doctor, just in case.”
The word “wife” sliced through John like a knife.
“Were you rushing or were you dragging?”
John gaped at him. “What? Why?”
Sherlock shrugged out of his coat and rolled up his white sleeves. He threw open the doors. The wind was light and warm and smelled salty. John again thought it was the most heavenly thing he’d ever experienced.
John then took the train into Glasgow. It was late when he arrived, so he paid for a room near the train station and wandered down to the local public house. The journey was beginning to wear him down, and he was feeling low and alone. He thought a pint would help him sleep, as he hadn’t slept much since leaving Halidon.
Brook turned to the band. “For the record, Garrett was not out of tune. You were, Wallace. But Garrett didn’t know it. And that’s worse.”
In an act of unprecedented submission, he turned and kneeled at John’s feet.
During one particularly gruesome, complicated case, Sherlock found himself stumped. He returned home in a strop, throwing his Persian slipper around the flat and dumping pipe tobacco all over the rug.
“You and I will discuss it very soon,” she said, right as the bell rang. She headed up the stairs to Lady Elsa.
Molly couldn’t help but stare at as his backside, his curls, hands in his pockets and his lithe frame perfectly lined with tailored, posh clothing.
Sherlock kept typing.  “Yes, and I told you I’m working.”
“I want you to play scales for me Sherlock. Nice and slow.”
Captain Lestrade finds Sherlock Holmes alive. John is torn between his two lovers.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “That’s preposterous. I just got here!”
Raibert dropped Sherlock's legs and gracefully knelt to the ground, his face aligned with the younger man's groin. Sherlock cried out as his hard, slender cock was swallowed whole, thick fingers continuing to fill him up, in and out, over and over.
“This is not a time to be modest, John.”
He turned in early and opened up his bottom drawer of his dresser to pull out the small book.
“Felipe, Donovan, lower me down.”
"That was amazing."
John cupped his cheek tenderly.
John blushed and looked away, feeling guilty.
Later that evening, Felipe sat with John's bare feet in his lap while he read Mycroft’s letter over and over.
"I left it too. In the cavern."
“Was I any good?”
Upon opening the small wooden container, John discovered inside his father’s Bible and a note addressed to him in handwriting he instinctively knew to be Hamish Watson’s.
A male voice shouted back at him from behind the old bulwark.
He stepped forward and stroked John’s cheek with his gloved thumb.
Sherlock, confused, stopped and buttoned his well tailored jacket with one hand. "Certainly," he said.
“A few months ago. It’s why his brother decided to tell me he was alive, why he begged me to come.” John stopped and picked up a rock and flung into the pond. “I’m terrified. To leave. To stay. I keep him at arm’s length, I guess. I don’t even know what happened, how he was found.”
“We should sit, or they’ll hand over our table.”
John sighed. “Alright,” he said. “But just dinner. Then I come back here.”
The sun was fighting to get through the drawn curtains in the bedroom as he dared to bring his face close to his new lover’s pelvis to breathe him in.
******
“That was brilliant,” said John, smiling at Sherlock. “Amazing. You really are a detective.”
Last Christmas. “Watson, white tie,” he’d said.
John kissed him.
Sherlock had begun to leave when he heard it; a beautiful piece of music, full and brazen, pulsing against the stone walls and echoing off the marble-floored hall. The delicate strings, the pulse of the brass, the roar of the cymbal made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He approached a doorway and peered through the tiny window.
He was going to go back to Spain, to the vineyard. Right after they closed the serial killer case. Then John would pack up and leave and never come back.
Felipe nodded slowly, in understanding. He spoke softly in return.
"Why did you say my attempt at fellatio was like ‘something out of a porno’?"
He went to turn away, but the doctor caught his hand. Felipe's dark eyes burned intensely, his expression fierce. He placed a hand delicately on the back of John's neck, his breath quickening as he licked his full lips.
The piece was as beautiful as Sherlock remembered, but it was quick, and impossibly hard. He kept up, but was hard pressed to do so.
John shook his head. “One could set his watch by him. It’s unusual for him not to show, and to not send word.”
“Mmmmm,” replied Sherlock. He smiled lazily at the man. “Angel,” he mumbled.
“John,” said Sherlock. “Wait.”
John was bringing in his buckets near the old well when Felipe approached him.
“Go away, Miss Turner. I don’t need any lunch.”
Moments later, Felipe had John on his back and his trousers off. He licked a long wet line down John's stomach. John held him fast as he said,
He leapt out of bed (an action he immediately regretted) and threw on his clothes. He quickly splashed some water on his face and ran a comb through his hair before throwing open the bedroom door.
He spit out the phone into his hand and shined the light directly inside the large frame. A narrow, stone-carved set of stairs curled down into the darkness.
“Well, since you're here, let me ask you this. Is he really that bad?”
--------------
Sherlock grabbed John's hand before it could reach and take hold, forcing it back up to grip the top of the table. John cried out in desperation.
He gathered himself up from his chair with some difficulty. He was achy from the run in with Dzundza and needed to go to bed. Just as he had stumbled through the bedroom door he heard the buzzer go off downstairs.
Sherlock stood outside the pub near London Tower, butterflies fluttering in his stomach, and considered turning around and heading back to Cromwell. He was terrified, but whether it was because he was afraid John wouldn’t show up or that the young medical student actually would be sitting in that pub awaiting his arrival, he couldn’t be sure.
John travelled with Mycroft back to England. The funeral was held soon after in Cornwall. Sherlock’s headstone was placed in the family plot next to generations of noblemen.
John nodded his head. “Matthew was away so much with schooling that I doubt he’d recognize me.” John failed to mention that the attraction he’d felt for the heir in his youth had triggered the realization that he prefered boys to girls. “All the servants were like family to me. But yes, the dowager marchioness...she’s the one I’m worried about. ”
John arched clear off the bed as he came hard, his fingernails piercing the back of Felipe's thick neck. He bucked and writhed until he was completely spent, one of his legs slipping off of the Spaniard’s shoulders.
“He hasn’t gone already has he?”
“Pardon?”
“No shit. I’ve been in rugby since I was a boy and I’ve had three cracked ribs, a broken shoulder and a concussion. I’m bloody five feet six,” snorted John. “Not too clever, my dad.”
John sighed and lowered his gun. He patted Ahad on the back.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment.
John couldn't help but lick his lips at the thought. Felipe’s stare clicked down to his mouth.
John gathered his hat, and walked back to the inn alone.
------------------------
“The Powers family is a legacy at Cromwell,” said Sherlock. “Very well connected, but currently facing financial ruin due to bad investments. Carl senior is the conductor for the Munich Symphony. His son Carl junior was accepted into Cromwell despite terrible scores and ability.”
Then would I leade thee to my pleasant bower
*****
“I really am sorry,” said William. “I feel terrible. I just saw no other way.”
"Let's regroup, yeah?" said John sensibly. "Something about all of this…” His eyes pleaded, his face serious. “We need a plan."
They both let the silence hang between them for while, both too exhausted to continue.
That morning he reported for Concert Band as ordered, following the older students into the large, ornate classroom and carefully choosing his chair, the last in the row of violins.  Wiggins walked in and upon noticing Sherlock gave him a salute and a grin. Sherlock nodded back, but continued to keep a low profile. The students filing in were older, confident, and less chatty than those in Beginner Band.  It was all business, players tuning, warming up and organizing their music with little distraction.
John couldn’t take it anymore. He attacked Sherlock and pushed him against the wall, his lips pressing madly against the consulting detective’s.  Sherlock’s teeth clanked against his own and it was so sexy the teeth scraping against each other that John moaned with satisfaction.
“Sherlock, this is your home. We are your family. We will take care of you, always.”
John stared at him. They had just eaten breakfast not an hour before.
Heauens crimson Canoipie with stars bespangled,
Felipe settled back against the wall and was soon asleep. John watched his broad chest rise up and down evenly under his crossed arms. His long legs were stretched out in front of him, his booted feet propped up on the tiny stool. John curled up and gazed at his kind face, his tiny wrinkles now smooth, his well-defined jaw lax and making his lips form a soft pout.
The Spaniard looked tired and frankly, furious. But he still cracked a smile upon laying eyes on John.
Victor dropped him off at a doorway. Above the frame were the words “Beginner” in gold lettering.
“Of course, my dear, whatever you wish,” said Mycroft, sipping his claret.
Aceituna was warm and cozy. The smells wafting from the kitchen made John’s stomach grumble.
John felt his jealously beginning to boil over. Though he hadn’t understood much of the conversation, it was obviously Stefan had certain things in mind for Sherlock. He wished more than ever that he had his gun, so he could wipe that improper, lustful look he was giving Sherlock right off his face.
“You should be aware that I have resolved not to kiss you.”
“Sherlock died. Last year.”
John enveloped William into a crushing hug, holding him tightly against his breast, running his fingers through his dark curls and feeling the warmth of his body against him.
“There must be something to this alpine air,” Sherlock joked softly.
John pushed Sherlock to the ground and made quick work of opening his coat and unbuttoning his posh shirt. Sherlock caught a glimpse of his own pale skin glowing in the moonlight as he let John methodically kiss every inch of his naked chest.
John sucked in a breath. “My God,” he whispered. He again glanced back at Sherlock. “Why didn’t he tell me?”
John, defeated, turned and started back up the stairs. Just then -
“I don’t wish to leave you.” His dark blue eyes scanned Sherlock’s face for any sign of danger.
“No, but there is someone.”
“Come!” he said, pulling him into the back hall where the maids and the cook and now the doctor were standing around a body on top of the kitchen table.
Sherlock answered the door promptly. John had only knocked once.
The crowd moved forward in a huge, descending blob of knives, sweat and desperation. John told Ahad and Felipe to get inside and bar the door. Felipe refused and pulled out a knife, nodding to John that they attack together. John took aim, his finger on the trigger, ready to fire.
“Come on, people, we’re on in five,” he shouted. He eyed Sherlock and Victor in the corner. Sherlock averted his gaze, but Victor glared back.
“I’ll let you all get back to your breakfast.” The Earl turned and went back up the stairs.
“You’ve left me with little choice,” answered John. “I…” His next words caught in his throat as raw emotion threatened to overwhelm him. He dared look up and acknowledge the thin, emaciated shadow of a man that he once loved standing there, glaring at him, hating him, raging at him with fierce, beautiful eyes.
Sherlock’s hand began to shake as he lifted the glass of brandy to his lips. He dared glance at John before taking a sip.
Sherlock was thoroughly confused. Everything he knew about Raibert was being turned completely on its head. This was a man concerned for his safety, for his well-being. He'd protected him from those horrible men. Sherlock leaned into him.
"Then why did you stop playing?"
Sherlock gave him a weary look. “Unless what?”
“Broke your arm? Why?”
Mycroft snorted and shook his head. “Pure insolence. You won’t last.”
John cursed as he hurriedly packed his bag, grabbing a handful of day old bread and cheese to temper his rumbling stomach as he made his way out the door and down the stairs. He was momentarily bewildered at his luck as a cab pulled up and stopped right front of him. Maybe his luck was changing; maybe he was going to make that train after all!
John couldn’t help but look glance quickly around the room. The show of affection was a rarity in public, if not unwise.
“Of course,” said John. “Why I wouldn’t be?”
“Family?”
John ran a hand over Sherlock's. "You were amazing," said John, threading their fingers together.
Felipe smiled as he leaned into claim another kiss from John’s lips.
Mrs. Hudson face popped into view. “Angels! Oh, Sherlock. He’s completely out of it, isn’t he?”
Though thoroughly engrossed while working, when alone, John suffered. He missed Sherlock so much he physically ached for him. Every night, just before falling asleep, he’d fantasize that his nobleman was lying next to him. In his mind’s eye he’d run his hand over a slim hip, slide up a lithe torso (stopping to brush a hardened nipple or two) then stroke a long, elegant neck. His fingers would then massage a head of wild, curly hair as he pressed himself against a warm backside.
“The Affectionate Shepeard” by Richard Barnfield
As Felipe approached him, John began shaking his head.
“Cheers. For saving the day,” said John. “That was amazing.” He hesitated, then said, “All of it.”
Major Holmes didn’t argue. He was soon sound asleep.
With much effort, John composed himself. He forced himself not to look back as he headed to the village below.
The two men turned towards the shout. They could barely make out the Spaniard, who was swinging the lantern from atop the bridge.
Sherlock walked into the library and immediately poured himself a drink. He took one look at it and placed it back down onto the bar.
“I do.” Sherlock kissed John’s neck. “I have the upmost confidence in you.”
Sherlock smiled, his eyes tired. “Alright. I’m turning in. Goodnight, Watson.”
Sherlock shrugged. Mrs. Hudson clicked her tongue again and picked up her knitting.
John finished his drink and stood up. “Thank you,” he said, handing her the empty class. “I should tell you, I won’t be...I am going to be staying in the guest bedroom for a bit. Would you mind, um…” He motioned awkwardly toward the bedroom.
He finally placed his hands against his broad chest and lightly pushed back, just enough for the Spaniard to slow his advances.
John continued down the worn path until he came to a small house snuggled against a cluster of ancient trees. The trunks were gnarled over and above the ground like giant snakes, and it looked as if someone had used them as a place to sit more than once. John watched as a mangy looking dog crawled from under the porch and plopped lazily in front of the door.
Disclaimer: Colby Keller is American and from what I can tell is nothing like Raibert MacDougal in real life. Raibert is a selfish arse where Colby seems like an upstanding, smart, sweet man. Colby is also an artist and his work kicks ass.
John had lived in London and been stationed in India and Afghanistan, but Berlin was like no city he’d ever seen.
The Spaniard forced himself to remain upright until he found the strength to push John’s leg off of his body. He collapsed onto his back, next to his perspiring and ravished lover.
“I was too rough.”
“Baby brother, I do hope this isn’t about your Bunsen burner,” Mycroft lamented.
John struggled to soften his voice. “You’re killing yourself. Please…” His voice cracked a bit on his last word. He leaned forward and placed his hand on Sherlock’s thin knee. Sherlock looked back at him, his eyes like poisoned darts.
Mycroft raised his chin, his moment of grief pushed aside to handle more pertinent matters. “What is it you wished to speak to my father about?"
“Donovan just handed us a serial killer, and you want to work with bees?”
“Mr. Thomas,” he sobbed weakly, his voice muffled as he pressed his face into the man’s stomach. “Help me.”
“Now are you a rusher, are you a dragger, or are you going to be ON MY FUCKING TIME?!” Brooks screamed, saliva dripping down his chin.
For all of Sherlock’s abrasive and dominating behavior in public, at home, Sherlock’s tendency to submit brought them both incredible pleasure. Their private life inside the walls of their bedroom had taken years to perfect, an understanding and deep trust the two had built up over time. The good doctor would take the unflappable consulting detective, the demanding second son of the earl into their bed with care and tenderness, and then proceed to systematically strip him of any responsibility. John learned how to navigate this lovemaking play through trial and error, always with respect and care, and Sherlock’s reaction...well, John never doubted his lover’s devotion to the task. Taking Sherlock apart with his own hands, mouth and cock gave John a high that he had yet to find an equal.
Mycroft nodded. “Roberts is right. I feel for Watson, but we do not have an open position for which he is suitable.”
“Oh,” answered John. “Yes, you’re quite right. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
Felipe rolled his eyes and sighed. “Well, my nephew, we can’t have that, can we. John, fancy another trip into town?”
“You’re talking about Mrs. Tupplebottom?” John asked incredulously. “I had no idea you were still obsessing over that. Why didn’t you say anything?”
“I’m not sure,” said Molly. “Let me look in the cedar chest in the housekeeper’s room. We’ve keepsakes of all kinds in there.”
John awoke from his dream to the immediate realization that he, like a 14 year old boy, had ejeculated in his sleep.
“Talked to Victor today,” said Sherlock nonchalantly.
When he opened his eyes again, the room had ceased spinning and his stomach had settled. He carefully sat up and rubbed his face with his palms. He gathered it was late. The air was cool and the room was dark and quiet. The only light was from a lamp by one of the beds towards the back of the tent. A man lay awake, his upper body propped up so he could read.
Sherlock swept his long fingers along the trembling man’s ear, smoothing his hair and gripping the back of his neck oh so gently.
“I get it,” said John. “My old man thought I’d grow taller if I played a contact sport. Thinking it’d produce more testosterone or something.”
"Shh, it’s alright," John said tenderly. “We’ll figure it out.”
“It’s not necessary,” said Sherlock.
“Yes. I’m fine.” He waved a hand in the air dismissively. “You know how Francesca can be.”
“John,” said Sherlock, dropping his head. “I went willingly.”
He finally wandered back to the inn, where he settled in for the evening.
“She didn’t need a “why”.”
“Why are you here?”
William drained the rest of the whiskey from his glass and placed it heavily back on the end table.
John took off running back toward the bridge, leaving the monster to Donovan. He stumbled and fell in the muck, but kept going as the rain poured down his face. He flung himself up the steps to the bridge but slipped, falling head first onto the stone steps and hitting his head, hard.
“Brook weighed his options, decided it was safer to take the headphones than to let the police find them. There was an excellent chance no one would know they were even missing, especially since the father wouldn’t be pressing for further investigation,” said Sherlock.  “The poison wouldn’t show up on the blood screen, and any remnants would be washed off in the shower. All he had to do was crawl up on the Sliver’s ledge, roll Carl him into the bathroom after he’d passed out and turn on the water.” He paused.  “Leaving the headphones for the police to find today, on the other hand, is rather perplexing,” he admitted.
“I like fucking in the shower,” he purred.
John idolised his late father, a vicar who passed away when he was six years old. His mother had been intelligent, educated and clever, but she was also frugal, pious and deeply conservative. He began to drown in guilt and shame. How could he act on such impulses when it would cause such disrespect to the memory of his parents?
“I see a young man who likes to take a lot of selfies,” said John. “And he doesn’t seem to have many friends. A bit of a loner, I guess.”
“What are you doing?” John asked.
“Helped you think, about the baron, yeah?”
Mycroft walked to the window and peered out. His face was grave with concern.
Sherlock glanced at Dimmock, then at Anderson. Anderson looked straight ahead, no expression on his face, but a definite twinkle of satisfaction in his eye.
John awoke to a bright room and a throbbing head. He rolled over to go back to sleep and caught sight of Felipe’s jacket and hat lying on the chair opposite the bed. The happenings of the night before came roaring back, and he turned to find he was alone under the sheets. He groaned and rubbed his eyes, and caught the sound of muffled voices from the other side of the door.
Felipe laughed, a hearty sound that filled the room. He placed a hand on John’s shoulder, much like he did in the dream. “Come, let’s eat while we have the time.”
A beautiful mosque sat in the centre of the village, three stories high. Intricate, floral tile work peppered its horseshoe shaped windows. John could just make out an oasis of plant life and beautiful fountains just inside the gate. The sound of trickling water relaxed him as he journeyed further inside.
“Young woman...” John repeated, confused.
Sherlock’s blood boiled, but he raised his violin to his chin, hating his bow arm for trembling right before striking the strings. He played the scales slowly as instructed, up and up. Brook walked around him, directing him with his large wooden baton, his eyes closed. He smiled.
Both men decidedly dozed together on the couch before finally moving to the bed to settle in early for the night. They both started out separate with their backs turned, but awoke the next morning wrapped in each other's arms and legs, sweaty and comfortable and completely content.
*****
“As of you, Mr. Thomas,” Felipe responded graciously.
John helped Sherlock up the grand staircase to his old room. The servants had delivered his things and had laid out a fresh nightshirt and robe. Dimmock appeared with the nobleman’s slippers.
“My dear John, I'm afraid I've done it again. Forgive me.”
“Sherlock,” he whispered, his voice cracking with emotion. “Sherlock…”
He opened up a sketch of Mr. Holmes, clad in his cape and deerstalker, and peered at it critically.
John froze and walked back into the brightly lit hall. He gazed at the footman with an eager expression.
Luckily, he’d vomited on his own as Felipe held him on his side. His lungs were working, and as far as both doctors could tell, his motor functions were working properly. They weren’t dealing with oxygen deprivation so much as exposure to the elements and water in the lung, which meant keeping the patient dry and warm and away from possible infections.
When the two men stepped into Scotland Yard, the number stares and double takes between William and the fellow officers would have been humorous had the nobleman not been so incredibly self-conscious. Whispers of surprise and disbelief punctuated the small atmosphere, with the word “Sherlock” uttered at least a dozen times.
The rain came down in fat drops, tapping the tall windows, creating a soothing rhythm.
Sherlock’s expression went from excitement to guilt-ridden. His eyelids fluttered as he began to speak.
And he saw him. It was just a glimpse of white skin against the pillar, but it was William.
John stiffened and immediately saluted him, but the man chuckled. “No need for that, lad.” His laughter quickly turned into a cough. John refilled the cup and Major Holmes drank it all down.
“He’s dead,” answered John. “You did it, William. Now, rest.”
Mrs Turner returned with a tray. She poured tea for the two men.
Sherlock pulled out his wallet, but John pushed his hand aside and handed over the money.
“And in the field? While the bloody Afghans shot at your head, how many men did you keep from bleeding to death?”
The Duke and Duchess of Nottingham emerged from their carriage. Mycroft greeted them warmly as did his wife, Countess of Cornwall, Irene Adler Holmes. Sherlock stood off to the side, looking bored.
Sherlock paused. His eyes narrowed.
“Dr. Watson, she needs you to come to the hospital. A woman needs your help.”
John gasped as Felipe's hard cock slid along his sensitive behind. He twisted his hips as the Spaniard’s fingers pressed below his bollocks, sending steady shocks of pleasure through his own bursting prick.
John smiled at the thought. A long brisk walk in nature sounded glorious after their long train ride through Western Europe.
Stack after stack after stack of coffins filled the room, all open, bodies crumbling inside or dumped unceremoniously all over the ground. Sherlock began to cough and choke from the dust and backed away, out of the room, shocked and overwhelmed and ready to flee.
The young man smiled back at Sherlock. “Do you know where you are?”
He followed the Spaniard into the tiny hallway that led to the front entrance. He pulled back a curtain and revealed a small door, which he opened. Inside was a wooden ladder. John followed Felipe up the ladder, the sound of the pouring rain becoming louder the higher they climbed. When they reached the top, Felipe helped John onto a  covered ledge that was hidden behind strategically placed horseshoe-shaped pillars along the side of the building. Thankfully the wind blew the rain away from the exposed opening, cooling the ledge but leaving it dry.
The suite was small but well-furnished. John settled Sherlock’s things in the master bedroom while Sherlock fixed himself a drink. He yanked off his jacket and laid down on the sofa.
Felipe hesitated, but he didn't break his gaze. He finally spoke, emotion stuck to every word tumbling from his swollen lips.
John hitched a ride to Dunbar and from there bought a train ticket to Edinburgh. He ate a sandwich from the cook’s basket on the train. It tasted of home. He had lived ten years in Halidon Hall. The servants there were his family, and he was heartbroken to leave them. There were moments his heart would seemingly stop with fear; he had no employment, no prospects, and little knowledge of the world.
“It’s good to see you,” said John.
“That’s just it, John,” said Sherlock. “I’m not the one that needs protecting.”
John was helpless against stopping the tears that welled up in his eyes, but he refused to let them fall.
“Have you any idea where Ahad ended up?” he said, desperate to change the subject.
John’s throat swelled with emotion at the Spaniard’s selfless offer. He kissed him since he couldn’t speak, letting his lips and tongue show his appreciation.
Molly hesitated, her stomach leaping into her throat.
The Earl shifted in the chair, as if weighing his words. Finally, he leaned in close to John and said kindly:
“I'll leave at the end of the week,” Sherlock replied.
John stood up and saluted in return.
He could feel the glass about to slip out of his hand as he went numb from head to toe.
basically it's nothing but gratuitous sex from here on out, so the next chapter will be the last and will be posted in the next couple of days.
“I’ll take him,” he said.
“Quite all right, Dr. Watson. Again, please accept my apologies for my behavior yesterday evening,” Sherlock replied sincerely. “I’m given to bouts of brief illness when I push myself too far. My attempts to unlock my memories have proven quite...tedious.”
In an impressing show of strength, John jumped up and grabbed the prongs, pulling himself up to peer into the room above.
John was speechless with excitement. He nodded his head enthusiastically and went back to his homework.
. John's breath stuttered as his body grew rigid, coming in spurts all over Sherlock's chest.
“M’lord,” answered John, slightly bowing. “May I introduce my colleague and friend, The Honourable Sherlock Holmes.”
****this chapter contains attempted rape, violence, and dubious consent****
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock," he said. "I shouldn't have done that. You've just went through a breakup and after what happened tonight..."
John poured a generous amount of the expensive whisky into the two tumblers and handed one to William.  It was an unusually cool night for the summer, and he'd had stoked the fire until it roared. They each sat across from each other in their prospective chairs and clinked glasses before swallowing the amber liquid down their tender throats.
“It’ll strip Matthew of the title, since you are the rightful heir. Oh I can’t wait to see the look on that devious old woman’s face -”
It was late in the afternoon, and Sherlock, on a break from class, found himself alone in the main hallway perusing the photographs of past classes. He’d determined from the names on the photographs (not to mention a significant family resemblance - not much forking going on in the Powers’ family tree) that Carl was part of a family legacy going back to Victorian times.
but as the lillie and the blushing rose, so white and red on him in order growes.”
“Good morning, Watson,” he said cheerfully. “Glorious day for a ride, isn’t it?”
John sprinted across the cavern and back into the narrow hallway from whence they came. Sherlock watched John disappear around the sharp corner, but instead of following him, Sherlock turned and ran back into the middle of the cavern, shining his torch directly at tunnel's opening.
“It is,” he replied. The Earl paused for a moment, thinking. “I know my estate is quite far from Berwick, but I wish to extend to you an open invitation to Land’s End and guaranteed employment in my household. It's the least I could do for what you've done for me.”
He even let himself entertain the idea of travel. Mr. Thomas had urged him to write Agnes, and she had responded quickly, saying she’d be delighted if he’d visit.
“I’m going to be less than 60 kilometers away, Sherlock,” says John. “It’s Sandhurst for Christ’s sake.”
Sherlock slid his arm into the vest and primped in front of the mirror. He turned around for his boots when he realised something was terribly wrong with his valet. His eyebrows knitted together as his crystal-like eyes filled with immediate concern.
“Is it your leg?” he asked. Sherlock knelt down in front of him. “Watson, look at me.”
“Tu es docteur?“ asked Jean.
John hesitated, then took the brace and walked out the edge of the dock.
John settled in across from Felipe, and absent-mindedly rubbed his palms over his thighs.
"Congratulations."
John shot him in the leg.
The horse snorted behind him. He turned to see the mare stomping her foot as if in appreciation.
“Felipe, I’m -...” his voice cracked. He took a deep breath.
“It was a pleasure chatting, Sherlock. I’ll be thinking about you. If there's nothing else-”
“We’d received reports that the bloody Boers had found a huge deposit of ore and were claiming it for themselves. Our government of course wanted the gold, but didn’t want to risk another skirmish. We placed Holmes just outside of Pretoria in one of the farming villages known to be hostile toward our presence in the area,” he said grimly. “Holmes managed to convince a local prominent family that he was a farmer whose land had been taken away by the British government. This family vouched for him around town and eventually gave him access to the mining operation.”
He couldn’t help himself, his mouth suddenly was on Sherlock and Sherlock moaned. John forgot about the rest of the trousers that were still tight around Sherlock’s left leg and focused on the dick sliding in and out of his mouth.  He gently let his teeth graze along the bottom of the shaft and Sherlock yelled out in pleasure.
Sherlock put down his plain lo mein and grabbed his phone. “Carl Powers,” he repeated, shoving the phone in John’s face.
Embarrassment briefly flickered over William’s face.
“John?” Sherlock said, his voice small and weak. “Where am I?”
“I'm not,” said John shaking his head. “I'm telling you, where I come from, everyone has their place. I managed to leap above my station. I'm grateful, for my life, for your friendship…”
John stopped breathing the moment Sherlock began to stroke him. He had imagined this in his mind so many times, but the real thing didn’t even begin to compare to his fantasies. He lifted himself up by his arms so he could watch Sherlock's hand move up and down. He was gentle and slow at first, but as John's body began to tighten his grip became firmer and his movements swift. John gasped and moaned, his expression one of helpless desire. Sherlock gazed at him with parted, wet lips as John trembled and cried out and came all over his lover's pale stomach. Sherlock stroked and squeezed every last drop from his body.
The weather had been bloody awful for a week, with temperatures just above freezing and the clouds bringing nothing but rain and sleet. Everyone was on edge with a raging case of cabin fever, including the director, who was within a breath of tearing his hair out.
“Tell me what you need,” Felipe said quietly, stopping just shy of contact. His large hands tenderly brushed the sides of John’s arms.
“He’s your valet,” said Mycroft. “I daresay I wouldn’t travel to the ends of the earth without a friendly face.”
“He didn’t show up for dinner,” John said, his unease growing. “Mr Turner, has Mr Holmes been home at all this evening?
John sat heavily on the bed, then fell back onto the pillows. He could still smell Felipe’s soap and cologne in the unwashed pillowcase. He read and reread the note over and over, wiping his wet eyes with his thumbs.
“I don’t know what you want me to say. He’s fine.”
The smell of chlorine filled his nostrils as he listened to the water lap gently against the sides of the pool. The memory stick was burning a hole in his pocket and his brain. Sherlock pranced along the concrete, flashing the black stick with the hope of taunting his new nemesis out of hiding.
“Why did you remove it?”
“You alright?’ whispered John.
Sherlock glanced at John before continuing.
“Watson, come join me,” he said. John obliged, carefully getting down from his horse and using his cane to make his way to the pond. He stood beside Sherlock, who reached into his bag.
The young Muslim finally passed out from exhaustion. John helped him into the sitting room and laid him on the cot, covering him up.
That evening, John found an abandoned catalogue on the servant's hall table. In the back were advertisements to cure all sorts of ailments.  One in particular caught the valet’s eye:
Including travel time, he’d been gone almost a month. His last couple of letters had been very difficult to write. John wanted no secrets between he and Felipe, but how does one word a letter when it involves reconnecting with an old lover who has come back from the dead? And then to explain you are moving said lover into your London flat and staying with him until he is well? John knew Felipe had the patience of Job, but the situation at hand would test even the most pious.
John looked back up and committed as much detail of the animal to memory, from its long tail to its strange hooves to its bushy neck. Its long face and lips reminded him of Mr Thomas, but he felt it would be rude to say so.
In his arms he held an emaciated, shockingly pale, yet breathing, Sherlock Holmes.
“Sherlock,” groaned John. “I don’t want to analyze this anymore.”
“He was curious as to whether or not we’d met before,” Felipe interjected. “I told him we had a conversation once, and it was about you.”
“I convinced Lestrade I wouldn't go back there. But I did. And I saw them.”
He locked up the small door and decided his next step was to ask Jean Pierre if he’d taken anything. He walked out into the street just as a large shadow loomed over him.
John takes a detour on his way to Marseilles to visit an old friend.
John shook his head.
“Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?” he said, removing the Browning tucked behind John's back.
“Johnny, Marie’s not spreading your business, I’m just saying, manners dictate -”
John reached up and placed his palm firmly over Sherlock’s mouth.
John finally nodded in agreement.
“It’s too dangerous!”
This was just a small example of John’s anxiety upon returning to London.  Though he easily slid into his new position at the hospital, he remained close to home at all times, often refusing to accompany Sherlock to dinners and parties. For the first six months or so, John lived within a 4 block radius of the flat, heading out only for a walk in the evening or to buy a paper in the morning.
Felipe’s face suddenly crumpled as he curled his large hand into a fist, pressing it against his lips to stifle a sob.
They marched for several minutes, with no sound of footsteps. John's torch was starting to dim.
“SHERLOCK!”
The woman’s face lit up. “Ah, un medico!”
Instead, he focused on cleaning up and sterilizing his medical kit.
John sat down heavily in one of the parlor chairs and pulled off his boots. He sighed and began to undo his vest.
“What about my mother?” John demanded, his voice full of worry.
“So no musicians in the family.”
“I have scars,” John said quietly. “I’m not beautiful like you.”
“John, don’t make me wait,” groaned Sherlock. John released his hips and stood up, just as Sherlock bent over and pushed his round bottom into John’s groin. “I trust you. Please, I need it. I need you.”
William’s wits were about him, but his dismay at the situation he found himself in was readily apparent.
He pulled out his phone, and began talking loudly.
“I see,” he said, trying not to smile. “Please know, that while I respect your profession- and I’m sure that you’re a fine physician - I am very well read on my condition.”
“That’s not the point,” John interrupted. “Please, give me two minutes. Then, I'll buy us another round.”
John stepped forward and pointed the gun directly at one of the men whom he had deduced to be one of the instigators. They both stared at each other for a good long while.
“We’re not here to take your supplies,” said the officer. He removed his helmet, revealing a shock of silver, shaggy hair. His kind eyes offset his oversized jaw. A set of well-kept teeth sparkled between his lips. “We received word there was a crazy Englishman here with a gun. That you?” he inquired gruffly, his eyes surveying John.
He finally looked up at Felipe, his eyes wide and burning. "I had to leave," he said. "I had to," he repeated, as if convincing himself.
John beamed, his posture rising, chest swelling. He pulled Sherlock close and kissed him, softly at first, then with growing passion. Sherlock rubbed his large hand between John’s thighs.
“No.”
“That’s preposterous. You were only assisting with the surgery.”
“Are you going to sit down?” said Sherlock, motioning to the sofa.
John smiled and tipped his hat, but no one noticed.  The woman was wrangling the second boy as she tried to talk to the mother.
“Thirteen years ago, this month. I came to Land’s End,” John said softly.
“There’s no fucking Mars bar down there. Look at me. Do you think you’re out of tune?”
John sat in the parlour to give William privacy. He heard the water sloshing and a sigh escape from the younger man’s lips as he settled into the steaming water.
Again, Sherlock swallowed John's cock, and once again, Sherlock gagged. John quickly pulled out as Sherlock gasped for air. Tears streamed down Sherlock's cheeks as he wiped saliva from his chin. He gazed up at John feeling powerful and sexy, relishing the pressure of his own prick now thick and heavy and pressed against his fly.
“That’s not what I said.”
“Please.”
Sherlock leaned forward and kissed him. "You sure?"
“Dimmock!” he whispered.
“You can bring him here if you wish,” he said gently. "We might be able to help him."
(Whose amber locks trust up in golden tramels
I appreciate those of you who continue to read this. I am really really grateful!
John sized him up. He wanted to hit him, hard.
“Hey, Johnny said you two had a fight,” said Raibert.
Sherlock suddenly looked very young. His voice resonated across the room, saturated with sarcasm and apathy. “Instead you’re leaving me here. Alone.”
Fild full of Grapes, of Mulberries, and Cherries:
Both men sat in silence as John worked and William tried not to let on his arm hurt like hell.
All the students turned to look at him as Felipe went silent. John pulled him to the side.
“I love it here,” he declared softly. He turned his gaze to John, who smiled back.
“I don’t know whether to feel honored you're sharing this with me or horrified that it’s being wasted on my amateur palate.”
Sherlock leaned forward and gave his hand a gentle squeeze.
, he thought.
“It suits you quite well, I must say,” he manages to say.
Sherlock placed a gloved hand on the back of John’s head. “You tried to save her life, John. I’m sure wherever she is now she’s grateful.” Sherlock leaned forward and kissed him. “I know I am.”
“John,” purred Sherlock. “Let's make you more comfortable.”
“You have a visitor, Dr. Watson.”
she thought.  Without thinking Molly glanced back at Otis, who was now winking at her for the second time.
As of July 14, sorry to anyone who is reading this today. I made a tiny change on something and it completely jacked up the formatting due to some problem with AO3. Completely maddening. I'm working on it.
Bored, he observed with great detail the items in the library. First edition novels, some scrolls, even family photographs. It was then while scanning the portraits that he made an incredible discovery...one that caused him to pause and reconsider everything he’d ever known about John Watson.
Sherlock smiled at John’s kindness. He drew in a shaky breath and released it, briefly closing his eyes to collect his thoughts.
“Wait,” he said.
Sherlock abruptly stood up. Brook rewarded him with multiple lashes across his back.
“Thank you, Frank,” she said warmly. “Please, leave us.”
Brooks sat his baton on the music stand, and bent forward. Sherlock could feel his warm breath on his forehead.
Sherlock sighed at the pressure being released, and barely moved as John carefully snipped pass his rock hard cock.  Soon the pants were cut half-off. Sherlock breathed hard at the anticipation. Suddenly, with one more snip, his cock bounced free and proudly layed on his abdomen.  John’s mouth began to water.
Garrett trembled violently as the tears bubbled out of his eyes. He stumbled out of his chair, picked up his trombone case, and practically ran out the door.
William froze. John approached him, seething.
"Didn't you hear, dear cousin? They evacuated the island. Terrorist attack. All non essential personnel were deported."
Both men, exhausted, soon fell asleep.
John cleared his throat and stared expectantly up at William, who in return shot the doctor a pained look.
Felipe was sitting on a stool facing the corner, his broad frame overwhelming the tiny piece of furniture. He looked worried, his palm rubbing his jaw over and over.
Late in the afternoon, Sherlock and John ate, bathed and relaxed around the house. At twilight the two walked down to the beach hand in hand and waded in the surf, the ocean’s waves foaming at their feet. The breeze was cool, and John held Sherlock close as they enjoyed the feel of sand between their toes. As the evening grew darker, they both settled in each other’s arms against one of the smooth large rocks along the shore. They lay together for a long time, enjoying the sound of the waves and the warmth of each other’s bodies.
”Ich kenne Sie doch überhaupt nicht."
They both composed and adjusted themselves to greet the ancient hostess, who looked at them suspiciously as they left the museum.
Sherlock chuckled. “Yes.”
John shook his head, sighing as he held out his hand to help Wiliam over the shrapnel. “It’s not your fault, William. It wasn’t attached to the dresser. It was removed for - it was removed and not put back properly. I should have warned you.”
“Senora Margoles!” said the woman as she directed the children to the only chairs in the small waiting room. The boys fussed, and Senora Margoles let out a sharp rebuff that stifled the young children into silence.
“No,” he admitted. “You are not.”
Sherlock faces humiliation and violence during his first day of Concert band.
“Thank you,” replied Sherlock. “I shall get quite a lot of work done with such privacy and quiet.”
Only a fortnight had passed since their return when Dr. John Watson received a telegram from Edinburgh. The attending surgeon, Dr. Raibert MacDougal, wanted to inform the young doctor that his current fellow had left prematurely due to a family illness. He wanted John to start immediately.
“Sherlock,” he finally said. His resolve crumbled. “What if you don't like what you see?”
It was his Browning.
Sherlock was jostled out of his thoughts by a swelling of whispers around him. The director was still working with the brass in the back of the room. Half of the players were craning their necks towards the right for a better look at the front entrance.
Molly ignored the fact that Sherlock didn’t look entirely convinced regarding her little white lie. He instead motioned for her to get into the cab.
Well-versed in techniques to intimidate. Controlled approval, fear, verbal abuse, criticism, possible isolation and activity pedagogics -
“Watson?”
John laid the handkerchiefs side by side on the table. Sherlock quickly drained his second gin.
Butler Roberts walked in and took his seat, and the others followed. Chatter began amongst the servants.
"John," groaned Sherlock, his cheekbones and pale chest pressed up against the well-worn tile, his arse pushing back into John’s probing tongue.
“You’re amazing,” whispered John, as his hips pulsed gently back and forth.
John went downstairs and greeted the service staff. All were happy to see him with the exception of Anderson, who scowled and disappeared when he saw John enter.
“Who?”
Suddenly, another man, tall, blonde, and muscular, appeared at his other side.
Mr Thomas turned bright red. He stammered and looked down at the bite of tart on his fork, then sat it down onto his plate with an indignant huff. “Well, Johnny, surely you’d agree, Mrs Turner needs her sleep. After all, she’s taking care of the flat, and of Mr. Holmes. And with respect to Dr Canales, who arrived unannounced after midnight, and the raucous that ensued? It’s not proper!” He had lowered his voice to the point the last six words were but a whisper, and he leaned in to John like he was spilling treasonous secrets that betrayed the queen herself.
“Oh, God, Perceval,” he muttered.
The men shook hands, and Lestrade grinned at Sherlock. “The doctor?”
“To what are you referring, Mr Thomas?”
William grinned. “It’s Mr. Thomas’s  fault, running off with our housekeeper. It’s not decent, you know, from what I’m told.”
Sherlock walked across the room and pulled a book out from behind his others on the shelf. He took John’s hand, and placed it firmly in his grasp.
Sherlock pressed the smaller man to the floor as he kissed him passionately, his large hands holding onto John’s jawline, unable to hold back any longer the desire to taste him, to consume him, to love him.
Realising it may be his only chance, John pulled out the small book from inside his jacket. He laid it on the table next to the brandy snifter.
John’s words were a tonic for Sherlock's hesitation. He opened himself wide as thick, slicked fingers gently pushed inside of him, working him into a frenzy as he was stimulated over and over again by gentle pressure and well placed fingertips.
“My Penelope died while giving birth to our baby girl,” he said, his voice strained with emotion. “My family tells me I dug their graves all by myself, but I can’t remember doing so.” He swallowed another sob. “I don’t remember much.”
John comforted him, stroking his cheek and shushing him softly.
“You were made for spoiling,” John whispered back.
“I shall like to go riding with you, Dr. Watson,” he said with confidence.
Sherlock held John close, digging his long fingers into his behind. He felt John’s teeth tug gently on his ear while a strong, warm hand slid under his untucked shirt, caressing the small hairs on his lithe chest and stopping to massage a solid, erect nipple with a teasing thumb.
“And?”
“Ok. Maybe a bug flew in my ear. Bar 115. Five-six-and--” He cued the orchestra with his hand, then seconds later, cut them off.
“My treat?” Sherlock asked, opening the door.
“Luxus and Masnana are underwater. Flash flooding,” he said. “I need your help.”
They followed the marquess into another large, beautiful room with books piled high all around. All three settled in comfortable chairs with champagne in hand as Matthew led the conversation, peppering John with questions about the recent surgeries he’d performed. Sherlock used the time to take in the room, deducing the man’s hobbies, addictions, sleeping schedule and masturbatory habits.
John nodded his head, not sure what to say.
“He hasn’t written.”
“A bit tedious,” answered Sherlock. “However, the conference will be enormously beneficial.” Sherlock pulled on his robe. “I doubt if I’ll be around much these next few days. Please take time to do what you like. We can touch base on Sunday afternoon.”
John’s voice sounded small and young when he finally spoke.
“Your reputation is very good in the village,” he said. “I can see you have taken good care of the place. I am not sure you are aware, but I have a medical school in the city center. That is where my presence is most needed.”
The man shook his head. “No, I’m fine,” he said. “This belly wound isn’t going to kill me, but pneumonia might. Blasted bed rest.” He turned his full attention to John, sizing him up with the most beautiful crystal blue eyes John had ever seen.
He couldn't’ be sure how long he’d been engrossed in the stack of mail - it was quite a large stack, and he was only ¾ of the way through it when a loud, sharp noise emanated from the front bedroom followed by the unmistakable sound of shattering glass.
Jean giggled and reached forward, grabbing the sides of John’s arms and kissing him excitedly on either side of his cheeks.
The man came closer, and sat down in the chair next to the bed.
John took Sherlock's hand and pressed it against his cheek.
“My family’s vineyard.” His expression immediately sobered. “Have you heard of the blight?”
It felt like ages before he continued down the stairs, his steps echoing throughout the building. When John was finally convinced he was gone, he released Sherlock from his grip.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he said sadly. “Unbeknownst to me, Victor Trevor suffered a serious accident yesterday at the Royal Concert Hall while awaiting our second performance.”
John knew Felipe was being kind, refusing to say it.
“I’ll never forgive them.”
“That’s it, that’s how you’d work those gorgeous hips,” John whispered, releasing his wrists, bringing one to his lips and kissing it tenderly.
“The Swiss authorities have called off the search for my brother.”
“No more searching, my dear John. Rest, now,” he said with a sad smile.
“What are you calling this one?” asked Sherlock, running his fingers through the back of his good doctor’s short, blonde hair.
“John, get OVER here” whined Sherlock. His eyes narrowed at the medical kit.
“Watson,” he said, his voice muffled. “Let’s dine in the sitting room, unless you’d prefer the kitchen.”
Upon seeing the lush green of England, Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief. The air was cooler and humid and felt glorious against his weathered, sun-kissed skin. Once docked and on shore, he resisted the urge to kiss the ground. John loaded their luggage onto the carriage and they left for Cornwall.
“I like them,” said John, standing, “They’re comfortable.” He stood out of habit off to the side, near the platter of food. Sherlock looked at him oddly.
Sherlock closed his eyes, his hands forming fists.
John turned to him. “But that man...” he said, the realised something. “You didn't want -?”
John rushed forward, shouting “Sherlock run!” as he grabbed Moriarty by the neck and held him tight.
They spent the night kissing. They kissed on top of the covers, then underneath the sheets. They kissed with John on top, then they kissed on their sides. They fell asleep together in the bed, and even though the fire dwindled in the hearth, the two men stayed warm , nestled in each other’s arms.
He watched one of the stable boys lead Sherlock’s old mare around the posts. Greyed and obviously arthritic, she stumbled forward in pain, unable to enjoy her daily exercise. The sight made John wince in sympathy.
John laughed a little as he handed Sherlock a pen. “Were you asking me all day when I wasn’t here? I had surgery today you know”.
“Good. Because I loathe quitters,” he said sharply. “Those who don’t finish what they start. Such a waste of time. Of breath.”
“How was he murdered?”
Sherlock glanced up at him with surprise.
“Mycroft, my brother, my blood, I’m am in your debt, and will always consider myself to be. So please do not take what I say next as any sort of impiety or imprudence against you.”
“Ah,” said the man. “Jean Pierre.” He shook John’s hand. “Pleasure, Monsieur Watson.”
Concert band remained a living hell for Sherlock. He was singled out daily, though nothing was as violent or as intense as that first day. Brook would randomly call for Sherlock to play a solo, and though Sherlock would play it perfectly, would still pick him apart as if he made a mistake.
A week had past since Felipe had left for Spain. John sat with William as he attempted to eat a few spoonfuls of broth. He managed to get it down and keep it there without coughing. It was a minor miracle, one William appreciated.
“Me, sir?” John turned a bit red, flattered.
With one bullet left and no water, John followed the horse’s prints the several miles to the camp, and upon its sight collapsed to the ground.
Sherlock appeared above him, as if he just happened to walk by. He was dressed in his fine coat and top hat, with a white handkerchief folded neatly into his pocket.
“Ich nehme ihn mit nach Hause,”*  John growled.
“Yes.”
Palms sweaty, Sherlock brought his violin up to his chin, and played for less than five seconds before Brook cut him off.
The old woman gave him a funny look for a moment. “Have we met before?” she asked.
“How long has this been going on?” asked John coolly. His anger was in check, but he wasn’t sure how long he could keep it that way.
“Now that we’re all here, I’d like to say something,” he said softly.
John’s intense orgasm pushed a gasping Sherlock over the edge. He wrapped his strong arms around John’s chest and thrust erratically until he with came with a muffled shout, burying himself in John's shoulder.
"John," whispered Sherlock. He pulled him close and kissed him gently to get his attention. He wiped away the tear with his thumb.
John sat down across from the Spaniard and had another long sip.
Felipe shushed him as he picked him up, settling John's knees over his broad shoulders.
Sherlock chose to break the silence by blurting out -
“I'm the best boot boy in the land,” he would brag at school. The older boys would snicker at him, but his teacher was kind.
“The tempo…”
John smiled. “Aye, I learned that in service.” Felipe shot him a curious look. “I was a footman for a marquess before joining the army,” he explained.
A man, wearing a light pair of trousers and a white shirt, stood on the west grounds of Lands End. He was speaking to young Siger, then turned to throw the stick back across the lawn.
Maybe Sherlock would be there, sitting calmly along the rocks, his long fingers drawn up to his lips.
“You’ve said that twice,” said Sherlock. “You’re planning to be a professional musician. How is Maestro Richard Brook of Cromwell Music Conservatory a nobody?”
“This baton was made for Queen Victoria after the grand opening of the Conservatory. Isn’t it beautiful?” He handed the baton to Sherlock, who gingerly inspected it from all sides.
And by some miracle, this time, Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open.
“M’lord, Sherlock...he…”John managed, his voice strained, barely above a whisper. “He’s brilliant...he…”
John smoothed his hair, speaking softly.
“Thank you, Mr. Steiler,” said John as he extended his hand. The old man shook it enthusiastically. “Quite beautiful I must say.” He breathed deeply while admiring the snow capped mountains and crisp air. “It's already a pleasure.”
“Oh?”
Sherlock responded by turning around and gripping John’s cock, rubbing it up and down the cleft of his arse.
“You’re mouth,” John begged, a bit too loudly. “I want your mouth on me.”
“Would you be opposed to exploring the falls tomorrow on our way to Rosenlaui to spend the evening?” he asked.  “I’m supposed to meet a barrister there with pertinent information.”
“John, do come in,” the doctor said, rubbing his eyes. “Have a seat.”
He climbed the ladder again as John handed him a stack.
Raibert picked both men up by the scrap of their necks and drug them out into the pub, through the crowd, and into the street, much to the delight of the patrons, who gave him a round of applause as he returned inside. Raibert, of course, never one to ignore praise, bowed and waved, then remembered Sherlock was still in the bathroom.
Sherlock didn’t know what to do or how to do it. He finally pulled him away and shoved him hard up against the wall. He thought of a video he saw once, something Seb made him watch. He pinned John in place with his chest as he picked him up by his powerful thighs, forcing his short muscular legs to wrap around his narrow waist.
“So why didn’t you help him?” asked John. “You just sent him on his way? Left him to deal with this on his own?”
Sherlock pulled John's jumper up over his head and trapped his arms in the fabric. John squirmed as Sherlock pressed him against the wall, grinding his slim hips against the hard bulge forming the good doctor's pants.
“Glad you could join me,” said John from across the room.
“Don't,” Felipe whispered. “I want to touch you first.”
Patients cried out upon hearing the gunshots. Then entire ward went silent, awaiting their fate.
“Holmes - “ he began, as if to explain himself, but the taller man, as usual, guessed what he was about to say.
He heard Sherlock shift beside him, and suddenly, a warm cheek was against his own, a large, soft hand at the nape of his neck.
“Watson, are you alright?” he croaked.
Sherlock planned to explore the secret tunnel he'd discovered the moment John rung him for a second date.
"Are you sure about that?"
“Dr. Watson, it’s a pleasure.” The marquess eagerly shook his hand. “I’m sorry for the circumstances that has kept Dr. MacDougal from attending, but I’m thrilled to meet one of his rising stars.”
“Mr Thomas…” began John. Tears started falling again from his eyes. He leaned forward and embraced him. “I shall miss you,” he whispered.
It was finally autumn, and the days had become cooler and shorter. The family had packed up and left for London for a fortnight in celebration of a cousin’s wedding. Most of the staff had gone with them, but with Sherlock gone, John was left to watch the house and keep watch over the rest and their duties.
He knew the young musician had to have invaluable information about Brook, plus Sherlock wasn’t so sure Victor was as enamored with the professor as he pretended to be. Considering Victor’s sizable secret, the one Sherlock had guessed by chance, the young concertmaster might actually be a victim of blackmail. Plus, Brook was dangerous. It was for those reasons Sherlock finally chose to confront him, walking up beside the Victor as he was preparing for the concert.
He shouted a command at the camel, and the magnificent creature bent down with a melodic moan. The rider slipped off, pulling the striped garment and hat off his body.
The soldier laughed. “That’s it! Nice job, laddie,” he said. “I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship between you and me. Have you ever thought about serving your Queen and country?”
“Yes,” answered William politely. “Dr. Canales was just telling about his medical school in Tangier.”
Donovan’s mouth dropped open for a moment, but he quickly pulled it shut.
After an hour the roar of the falls became deafening. They clambered up one final ridge and found themselves looking straight at the falls. The path curved around large ancient rocks but stopped suddenly, making the only way back to the trail a retrace of one’s steps.
John closed his eyes for a moment. “I’m...” he began hesitantly. “Sherlock,” he said, starting over, looking at him with weary eyes. “I’m concerned about you.”
Felipe Canales
My lips were honey, and they mouth a Bee.
“What do you mean, ‘what happened’?”
“She is my niece. Of my wife’s sister.”
Sherlock looked at his nephew kindly.
John nodded and smiled. “Yeah.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand under the jacket. “Yeah, I finally am.”
“Alright, then,” John answered. “I used to enjoy riding on this estate, back in the day. I thought you might like to join me.”
An unspoken fury gripped John like he’d never known before. He leaned over the strangler, the murderer, and peered right into his other-worldly eyes.
He closed his eyes and let the memories of the brilliant, fantastic man wash over him. He smiled as he thought of endless nights by the fire, Sherlock smoking his pipe and rolling his eyes at the newspaper, how he would stretch his long limbs before walking over and kissing John goodnight. And more often than not, the younger man would pull him up, take him to bed and make love to him.
“Nothing of consequence,” he snapped.
“Holmes.”
“I don’t understand. None of this makes sense,” mumbled John.
“South Africa?” said Anderson.
But when 3:30pm came, Victor was still missing. Sherlock stood in line, last of the strings, as they were about to enter the stage.
“How do you know?”
John groaned in response, his desire finally winning out over his lack of confidence. He let his lips graze Sherlock's long pale neck as his small, strong hands pushed Sherlock into the mattress. He nipped at his sharp collarbone, his rock solid length settling in the dip of Sherlock's narrow thigh. Sherlock reached between them and wrapped his long fingers around John's sex, feeling the warmth seep from the tip.
“His fever’s gone,” said John. “You should leave knowing he should recover. I just wish he’d bloody wake up.”
John licks his lips. “Yeah, see, that’s the way we need to think.” John leans forward and kisses him gently.
It wasn’t a question. John looked up, either unable or unwilling to escape William’s all-knowing stare, he wasn’t sure. He tried to glare back, indignant in his anger, but his righteousness suddenly lost footing when he saw only hurt and confusion in the younger man’s face.
Sherlock shook his head no and sat down carefully. He glanced at John, the old phone and glass of water. It was obvious he had worked the hospital night shift, had not slept well, and was dying for a cup of coffee.
Mycroft pondered the request. “I doubt you were in this condition when my father offered you the position.”
“Where. Is. He!”
“Ahh!” he remarked, turning his wrist. With a snap and a crackle and an incredibly loud grinding of metal, the brick wall popped out of place and swung to the side.
Sherlock wasn’t listening, and instead was inspecting the stone along one of the walls. He removed his gloves and felt with his palm along the damp rocks, concentrating deeply.
"You know what I do?"
John let out an involuntary noisy sigh. Sherlock cocked his head, his lips positioned like four and a half millimeters from John’s lips.
Sherlock grabbed John by the ass and forced his thighs to open even wider.
The timing was, for once, fortuitous. It was John’s turn to take holiday, and Easter was upon them.  John was absolutely giddy with excitement, knowing he would see Sherlock soon. His step had a bit more pep during rounds as he chatted with with colleagues and patients.
“Bastard. Utter bastard,” John mumbled furiously.
He looked around. The room was pitch-black except for a streak of moonlight beaming through the crack in the curtains.
Sherlock walked over and ran his hand carefully along the table. "A skilled surgeon could slice an arm off at the shoulder in seventeen seconds,” he said.
John’s vision went black. He came so hard he didn’t even remember coming he came so hard.  After catching his breath he carefully pulled out Sherlock , who was grinning from ear to ear, staring at John. John made his way to the bathroom to clean up and returned with a glass of water.
“Thanks for trying to warn me,” he said. “I didn’t realize it was going to be that intense.”
Sherlock’s breathing calmed, and John dared move again.
John slept in the chair next to him for the next few days, refusing to leave his side. William’s coloring improved, but his breathing was still troublesome. He’d yet to stir.
“Not really,” he said thoughtfully. “But, on the other hand, being able to pull rank might come in handy someday.”  He then reached forward, and oh-so gently brushed Sherlock’s long, delicate fingers with his own short, blunt ones.  “I can’t do what you do, you know.”
Sherlock looked even more confused.
“Ah, thank you,” the man answered softly. “Our largest donor is hosting a dinner on Friday evening that I was planning to attend with my wife.”
Wiggin’s head popped back into the open window. "You’ll see. Don’t forget the matches!"
“Has it been so long you’ve forgotten my face, dear Watson?”
John laughed. The sound seemed foreign to him, because it was genuine. He’d ceased to mourn for several hours. He was almost heady with relief.
Sherlock inspected the largest coffin, and touched the lid. It slid open easily. He shined his torch’s light inside, just as a strange sound made both young men momentarily stop breathing.
Felipe pressed inside of him with a moan. A rough hand squeezed John's cock as a plump mouth nuzzled his neck. Felipe fucked him hard, with sweet declarations of love flowing like a waterfall from his lips. John squirmed and fought the grip around his prick, trying to come just from the thrill of being manhandled and pinned to the wall.
John stepped aside and opened the door.
John sighed.
“Either you know you are out of tune, and are therefore deliberately sabotaging my band; or you do not know you’re out of tune - which I’m afraid is even worse.”
“I'll be right back,” John said, kissing him on the forehead and bounding off the bed. He found his medical bag and retrieved the salve from its pockets. For a fleeting moment he remembered the gentle caresses of the Spaniard. He forced the bittersweet memory aside and thought only of Sherlock, ready and waiting in bed just steps away.
His blond hair has been shaved down close to his head. He’s dressed in a dark suit with a bright white collared Oxford, his old duffel bag draped over one shoulder.
He wrapped himself in his jacket and ran into the room. In the corner was the bassinet, where a tiny Master William Siger Holmes was crying, his blanket aside and his little arms and legs kicking widely. John scooped him up and wrapped him in his blanket, tucking him under his arm and jacket. He ran back through the flames and found his way back to the door.
“But how did you get a hold of such a random piece of information?”
When John returned that evening, he had a message awaiting him at the front desk.
The orchestra came in as Sherlock’s solo began, but Brook again cut them off.
“I’ll think about it, alright?”
Sherlock watched John’s stoic expression hint at embarrassment. He looked down at his cane, and positioned himself to stand up even taller.
Sherlock drew in a deep breath, still unnerved. This was not going to be as easy as he thought.
His breath caught in his throat as he caught a glimpse of Felipe sitting at a table along the window. He wore small spectacles and was reading what looked to be a journal by lamplight. A glass of untouched white wine sat in front of him.
“I invited Mr. Thomas. He’s been hounding you for ages to go out to dinner. Killing two birds with one stone, I suppose.”
"Ohh, John," he gasped. "I need...to tell you -"
Sherlock giggled...actually
“And where’s your better half?” she asks, nosily poking through the kitchen. When Sherlock doesn’t answer, she suddenly stops and returns to the living area.
“This handkerchief, one similar to it was on my person when I first...awoke.”
2) Are you a doctor?
Sherlock realized he was lying on the ground in the park with a crowd of people surrounding him. He felt himself flush with embarrassment.
Sherlock then hunched over his violin, the bow shaking in his hand. He glanced around the room. All eyes stared back at him.
Sherlock inspected the weapon, appreciating the look and weight of it. “And I trust you know how to use it?” said Sherlock with a sly smile. He pressed it into John’s open palm.
Felipe sat up.
Weeks of travel wore both men down, and by the time they reached Meiringen, a little Swiss village nestled in the Alps, they were both ready for a rest.
Sherlock counted, and every second beat, he took another slap across the face.
“Johnny, where will you go?” he asked, concern etched across his face.
Sherlock opened the door to the Sliver, and as soon as the two stepped inside, John's shins hit the frame of the twin bed.
“Have you always wanted to do that?” asked Sherlock carefully. “What you did tonight.”
“Alright,” said John appreciatively.
Sherlock’s eyes brightened at the request. “Alright,” he replied.
“He’s in the nursery,” answered Irene. “Come, I’ll have him brought to us.” They walked in the main door just as the Duke approached Sherlock. He shook his hand vigorously.
------------
John is a fellow in Edinburgh but finds himself too close to home.
"Sliver?" asked Sherlock. “You mean my dormitory?”
His face crumpled as the loud surf covered up the sob that escaped his throat.
John swallowed and shut his eyes. His heart burned in disappointment.
“At the very least, ask him before you make any decision,” said Felipe. “It’s his life.”
Sherlock waited almost a fortnight before approaching the subject with John again, one night before dinner.
John pulled out a pair of scissors the kind that is used to cut bandages.
John quickly turned and hurried back into the parlour. He drank down his claret and poured himself another glass, willing the erection that had half-formed in his trousers to go away.
“Most likely,” Sherlock quipped, whipping out his well-practiced amenability in place of his usual abruptness. “Bit new around here.”
Sherlock nodded. “That’s never happened before,” he said.
"Yeah, I'm good," answered John. He smiled weakly at Sherlock. He looked as if the wrong word might break him.
“Ah,” smiled Brook. “Just a little relaxation session before practice.” Brook’s hand dipped inside Sherlock’s shirt, palming his chest.
Sherlock did as he was told, forcing his arms steady as his bow struck the strings of his instrument. He played well, but he felt the wooden stick sliding softly around his neck and down his back and into the cleft of his trousers.
Mr. Thomas did indeed have all sorts of news. He’d been able to retire from service due to top performing investments Sherlock had advised him on a decade before. The former valet had bought a small cottage in Berwick-upon-Tweed and had rented it out during his extended visit to London.
“Please tell me it’s Brook in handcuffs,” said Sherlock, matching strides with the officer.
He poured himself another drink. “The Earl of Cornwall has informed me that Mr. Holmes wished that I inherit this flat.”
“You still want me?” asked Sherlock. “After everything, after last night…”
Felipe slid down beside him and took his hand.
“No, sir,” replied John. “I’m medical staff. Assistant surgeon in training. Assigned to the front lines because I can shoot.”
John warily looked over at Felipe, who gave him a sad smile.
As Lord Cornwall rose, so did William. Both men bolted from the room, albeit in opposite directions.
Sherlock left the room as John tucked the book inside his jacket.  He gathered his lordship’s clothes and made his way down to the servant's hall.
“We served together,” answered Lestrade. “He stopped answering my letters. Haven’t heard from him in almost a year. When I received word he was in Tangier, I briefly diverted my regiment’s route back to England in order to inquire on his whereabouts.”
“There,” said John quietly. “You’ll sleep properly tonight.” He smiled at the young nobleman who drank down the concoction with ease. He took the glass from him, set it on the nightstand and got up to leave.
"The main hall," said Sherlock. "I can show you. It's actually quite beautiful.”
John gasped.
He'd just closed his eyes when Sherlock said softly:
“A medical school? That’s...wonderful.”
Donovan shined the light on the stoop to reveal a man lying against the railing.
“What are you doing!”
“Stefan, angenehm. Und du bist?"
Sherlock blushed at John’s words, the shyness a lovely contrast from the debauchery evident on the rest of his body. He leaned over and kissed John softly, then settled in on his chest.
“Mary, what is it?”
At that moment a group of fresh cavalrymen rode by. John flagged one of them down and explained he had a wounded officer that needed immediate medical attention. The cavalryman helped John move the wounded man onto the horse and rode him back to camp.
John got up and poured two drinks into tin cups. He handed one to Felipe, clinking the cups.
"Go away Billy!”
It was glaringly obvious that Felipe wanted nothing to do with John Watson. And really, John couldn’t blame him.
Shocked, John laid there for a moment, then reached forward and placed both hands around Sherlock's skinny waist, sliding him back into his chest.
“Not at all,” replied Sherlock. He sat down next to him on the sofa and kissed him sweetly.
“But you’re already someone,” Siger said softly. “You’re our someone. You’re Uncle Sherl- William.”
“Dear God in Heaven Sherlock,” he muttered to himself. “What have you done.”
These chapters are so tiny. wtf.
He picked up his white queen to move it across the board, just as a heavy, roundish object flew into the middle of the game.
*****************
“M’lady?” he replied. He felt embarrassed to have her ladyship repeat herself, but he had not heard her correctly.
John stopped breathing, the color draining from his face.
“I’m standing right here, brother mine,” said a rather annoyed Sherlock.
“I bought them in London,” said Sherlock.
The footman turned around. “Yes, Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock sat down.
“I love you,” John whispered, kissing him. He lay against him and held him close.
John’s eyes locked with Sherlock’s, the moment’s intimacy and passion overwhelming.
A rare exception occurred one cold morning in March. Sherlock convinced John to accompany him to call on a cousin who was interested in donating money to the surgery.  Venturing out into the weather, they quickly determined it was better to take a cab than to catch their death by walking.
He crumpled and threw the paper to the floor. John cringed, as it was his only copy of that particular adventure.
John forced himself to open his eyes. He nodded once.
A lot of people have asked me who Felipe resembles, and I imagine him as a young Javier Bardem, maybe not attractive in that super conventional sort of way, but undeniably sexy, charming and fit as hell.
Pale, sweaty cheeks turn deep crimson within seconds.
The End.
An awkward beat passed between the two gentleman
Anderson shot John a glare but slinked away up the stairs. John managed to suppress his laughter, but he couldn't help his rather pleased expression.
He stopped and loomed over John, glaring at him. John stood his ground and glared right back at him.
Suddenly, John had an idea. “Go lie on the bed Sherlock”
"Can I bum one?"
John wept.
“What?” asked John. “What’s happened?”
Donovan inserted himself between the two men.
“Yes, ‘course,” answered John as he helped him lie on his back. John slipped eagerly between Sherlock’s legs.
He stretched Sherlock just a little bit more, causing the young nobleman to pull off his length and groan into his abdomen. John gently picked him up and positioned him again onto his back. He expertly swallowed Sherlock’s poor, neglected length down to his testicles. Nails scratched at his biceps as Sherlock writhed underneath his body.
Sherlock stared pointedly at the young man as he answered.
John and Sherlock’s first date leads to an unfortunate discovery.
His thoughts drifted to Mycroft’s displeasure at the breakfast table upon hearing his younger brother’s decision to part ways. The Earl had shouldered the brunt of his brother’s recovery only to have it rewarded by at least two suicide attempts. If that happened again, sanitorium was surely what awaited William.
John coaxed Sherlock’s legs back down onto the bed and cradled Sherlock in the crook of his arm. He spread his lover’s narrow thighs apart with his knees.
“Lestrade is here?”
“John,” said Sherlock breathlessly. “Come here.”
The room is now quiet.
John opened his eyes to see an earnest Sherlock leaning forward, one of his elegant, large hands extended forth.
The look on Felipe's face made John's heart swell to the point of pain. Never had anyone ever looked at him with such love and reverence.
Sherlock smiled so suddenly and widely that his lip caught on his teeth, making his grin lopsided for a few moments. He felt his chest swell.
John pulled off of his length, panting, his chest flush all the way to his abdomen. Sherlock could see the outline of the doctor’s arousal trying to burst out of his tight trousers.
“I know,” John said softly. “London isn’t the best place for him. His lungs are too weak. I’ll need to take him back to Land’s End.”
“Dr. Watson,” he said. “Mr. Holmes, I’m Detective Inspector Donovan. I’ve got some casework for you if you’re interested.”
Sherlock lifted his chin to appear indifferent, but John saw that elegant jawline tremble, those perfect, cerulean eyes fill with uncertainty. The nobleman's long, dark lashes fluttered nervously as John felt his heart squeeze with compassion.
“The constant danger. The fact you could be hurt,” he said, as if his question were obvious.
The command was so sweet and sincere that John immediately reached for the salve. He slid his lips off of Sherlock’s sex and slicked himself generously. He pulled Sherlock close and settled between his long, spread legs. He hiked his thighs up with his steady, hands and leaned forward.
The man was the spitting image Sherlock Holmes.
“When did yours happen?”
"Did you find it amusing?”
“Don’t be absurd!” Sherlock shouted.
“You want to forget, but your mind won’t let you,” he said. “You can have your guard up during the day, but at night…” He trailed off, but reached for Sherlock’s fists and gently pried them way. He laced his blunt fingers into his slender ones.
“I’ve been chosen to assist with some heart surgeries next week,” he said cheerfully. “It’s quite a coup. I’ve had mates shooting me jealous looks all day.”
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. “That doesn’t mean anything.”
The tears escaped his long lashes and dripped down his cheeks.
As hard as he tried to stop it, the frame continued it's banging while the bed squeaked with their lovemaking. John was too aware of the noise- it was obvious the whole flat could hear them- so he tried to slow Felipe’s hard thrusts plundering his tight little body.
“Lord Cornwall mentioned in passing that this led you to believe the initials J.H.W. were yours.”
He released with an intensity that he hadn't felt in years, and after he knew he’d spent himself, he still remained stiff as he pulled himself free of the heat.
“Prep her for surgery. I’ll meet you at the table.”
“I’m sure you've heard,” he finally said.
“Come with me?” asked John.
Donovan titled his glass and let the rest of the whiskey slip easily down his throat.
His fingers warmed the substance until it was good and slick, and John felt himself being opened with care as Sherlock held him tight. His honeyed baritone whispered declarations of his devotion as he went deeper and deeper, leaving kisses all over his cheek, neck and back.
"Mrs. Hudson," smiled Sherlock. He reached for a kiss on the cheek. The woman, in her late sixties, chirped in response.
John reached for the bottle but he was too late. The last of the whiskey fell away, and Mr. Thomas dropped the empty container next to the growing piles of mail.
John placed his palm over Felipe's abdomen.
“Sherlock,” he said, his eyes flashing, his jaw stiff with anger. “You promised me -” he stopped, his voice breaking as he let out a frustrated hum. “You promised,” he said again.
“Where are you from Mr. Watson?” asked Molly, the head housemaid.
Peter shook his head, bewildered.
Lands End awaits your arrival.
They both turned the corner, surprised to see a dim light shining from inside the glass. Clearly visible through the translucent walls were two males in the middle of the room. He heard John draw in a quick breath as one of the men, wearing a sweat soaked t-shirt, moved to the side to reveal the other, naked, kneeling back to front in an armless chair. Sherlock felt himself break into a cold sweat as he recognized them both.
John seethed and turned back to the sitting room, where all the men stared at him in shock. Mrs Turner came running up the stairs and stopped in the doorway.
“Just come upstairs,” he whispered. He tugged on the lapel of Felipe’s jacket. “Please?”
Sherlock finally caught his breath enough to respond.
The passageway was fairly straight, but narrow enough one had to follow the other. John brought up the rear, glancing back often to make sure they weren’t being followed.
Sherlock managed a sheepish grin. He placed his long, black coat between them on the seat and slid his long fingers over John's small, steady hand.
“It’s a pleasure, Dr. Canales,” he said. “Johnny always spoke warmly of you.”
“Uh” said John staring but trying not to.
Felipe half-smiled in response. His expression hinted more at apathy that distress. “And you? Maria gave me your message. Pray tell, are you finally a real surgeon?”
“I’d be honored.”
“He said you fell down the stairs and broke your arm at the concert hall,” said Sherlock. His eyes narrowed in thought.  “But that’s not how it happened, is it?”
“Come on, John. The game’s afoot!”
Sherlock felt John’s hands on the back of his thighs, holding him steady as his stubbled jaw brushed against Sherlock’s exposed arse.
“John,” he whispered. “You can kiss me.” Sherlock’s eyes were dark, his breath quick. He pressed John’s fingers further along his behind. “Anywhere,” he said breathlessly.
“Now hold very still,” Sherlock said gently, taking John into his long, slender hand and guiding him into his cleft, gliding himself up and down and all over, until Sherlock gasped and stopped and John felt the head of his length catch inside him. Sherlock ever so slowly lowered his hips. It took every ounce of John’s willpower to hold still, wanting push in, to take the heat and feel the pressure of his body, but he did as Sherlock said. He instead concentrated on Sherlock’s face as it changed into a hundred tiny expressions. He took John more and more into his body until John finally felt Sherlock’s bottom resting on his bollocks. His lover’s breathing was labored and his eyes were still closed. His expression went back and forth from pain to pleasure and back again.
He raised his arm, his large, graceful hand grazing John’s jaw. His palm settled, cupped gently around his cheek.
It was a wet cough, and all sorts of things came flying out. John was thrilled to watch him produce the ick that was clogging his lungs, though William seemed much more miserable for it.
Sherlock sat up. “Who dismissed you?”
The Spaniard cursed in Spanish under his breath, and in one movement swooped John up off the bed and pushed him up against the nearest wall. He wrapped his arm just under John's waist and bent him over, pressing him forward. It forced John onto his tiptoes with his palms flat against the thin wood.
He had to find a way to put it all back the way it was before.
Sherlock pursed his lips, his blunt chin drawn up in contrition.
to be continued...
Felipe swallowed his just as quickly. John refilled the cups. Again they emptied them.
Sherlock remained silent, but grabbed his smoking jacket and wrapped it tightly around his frame. He grabbed his pipe and began to fix himself a smoke.
John nodded. “He gave it to me right before he died."
John reached for him, grasping his palm tightly.
A moment of silence passed between them, the sound of the city street wafting in through the closed windows of the flat.
Sherlock steeled himself as he opened the door.
He gripped the lantern between his teeth and swung himself forward, taking the end of the free rope he carried with him and wrapping it multiple times under William’s arms and across his chest. After several attempts, he managed to push him free of the pillars, and he held his weight against the wooden beams as he yanked hard on the rope three times.
,” Sherlock answered impatiently. “We’re going back to Halidon Hall, calling on the dowager marchioness, and berate and shame her for keeping this from you!”
“Welcome home!” exclaimed Irene, giving Sherlock a quick and almost imperceptible peck on the cheek. She pushed him aside and extended her hand out to John. “Dr. Watson, it is good to see you. I hope your journey was a pleasant one?”
Mycroft sighed, resigning to Sherlock’s stubbornness. “Very well,” he said. “But in the future, I do advise watching out for your king.” He made his final move.  “Checkmate," he said, as Sherlock’s shoulders deflated.
“I know you’ve been through hell, laddie. But it’s time to get back to it. And if it has to be me to give you that kick in the arse, then so be it.”
Sure enough, John’s things were laid neatly next to the bed. Dimmock walked to the corner and opened a door that John assumed was a closet. “We’ve unlocked the adjoining doors so that you may move freely in and out of Lord Sherlock’s room while he convalesces.” Dimmock then bowed. “If I may be of service, please ring the bell.”
“Rosalita. The innkeeper’s daughter. She likes you.”
“John, I don’t –“
He headed back to the suite at tea time for a nap before dressing in his best suit. John fell in love with the Apollo-Theater, and he enjoyed the operetta immensely. He wished he could talk about it with Sherlock; the costumes, the singing, the storyline. When he returned to the suite, he tucked himself into bed and wrote for hours about the theatre. He fell asleep with the pencil still in his hand.
The doctor checked her wounds and her pulse, lifted her eyelids and pressed on her ribs.
“You are mistaken, as I do not - “
“Really?”
Both of the men laughed as the dark-haired man rubbed it all over Sherlock's face.
With each descending step Sherlock grew more and more convinced that Maestro Richard Brooks was doing more than teaching young musicians at Cromwell.  No doubt the man was fueled by a deep, dark desire to harm others. It wasn’t Brooks’s abruptness or demands or cutting words that Sherlock found disconcerting; it was the soulless intelligence behind those dark eyes, the sadistic streak that ran seamlessly through every word he spoke and every action he took. Brooks wasn’t just a temperamental diva, he was a force of nature, an anomaly. A personification of evil.
“What other -” Sherlock realized he’d said it before John did, already starting to defend himself when John held out both his hands in front of him.
John shook his head. “No, Monsieur Pierre…”
“Her ladyship insisted you be next door since you are Lord Sherlock’s doctor,” said Dimmock, who motioned for John step inside.
John's brow furrowed in confusion. “Who did you see?”
John shook his head. “No, I’m not. Matthew is the marquess.” He licked his lips in frustration. “My father decided to be a vicar. That’s my legacy.”
The carriage rocked back and forth over the cobblestoned streets. John looked expectantly at Sherlock, waiting for a word of why, because of a letter, they were heading to the shipyard in the middle of the night. Sherlock was, as usual, deep in thought and oblivious to his partner's desire for an explanation.
Matthew managed an uncomfortable laugh. He quickly turned the conversation back to John.
Out of breath, he managed to speak to the driver as the door of the black cab swung open, barely noticing the impeccably dressed gentleman, wearing a top hat and long, black coat, stepping out of the cab. John quickly turned and hurried forward as a ray from the setting sun temporarily blurred his vision. John squinted and inadvertently bumped shoulders with the taller man passing him along the curb.
As the carriage approached the small building, it was noticeably unlit. No guard was in sight, and it looked to be abandoned. The men tumbled out of the cab and lit their lanterns, approaching the guardhouse with caution.
“Thank you,” William said softly. “I seem to be getting better at that.”
Victor smiled, but pressed his lips together and shook his head.
“I’m not sure,” replied John. “I asked Jean Pierre to warn him about the outbreak.” John kept shoveling food in his mouth, not looking up.
“You saw it, John,” he pleaded. “You saw how that tunnel led to his office, how he used it to extract the bodies into the other passageway…”
Oscar Dzundza seemed to barely register John’s presence. His eyes were glazed and his stare unfocused.
“I see now that throughout my life I have only been concerned with maintaining my own happiness,” he said. “In doing so I have done you a grave disservice. You can’t return to a life of a valet. I never expected you to. But to see you were willing to do so for me, humbles me.” Sherlock reached out his hand. John took it.
“You beautiful man,” whispered John, kissing him on the lips. “I've got you.”
The servant must have been nearby, because he appeared within seconds. Sherlock requested the appropriate attire.
“I nicked it before we left.”
“You’re so bloody odd,” he whispered. “And I love you.”  He kissed him once, then twice. Sherlock reached down and picked up the last egg roll, and positioned it in front of John’s lips. He took a bite.
He managed to lift his hand from the bed only for a moment. It landed pathetically back down at his side.
“You alright?” Sherlock mumbled against John’s lips. “Because I’m bloody well spent.”
Sherlock did as he was told. He settled down, burying his nose in John’s neck and breathing deeply.
-------
After the discovery of John's noble lineage, Sherlock had returned to Edinburgh as he promised to allow his partner to finish his prestigious fellowship. John knew Sherlock was bored out of his mind, but as luck would have it, John was offered a position in London six months later. He took the job, knowing the farther away from the dowager marchioness of Berwick the happier they would be.
John shook his head and chuckled. “I stopped on my way out of that fancy hotel to warm myself by the fire. I dropped my cane just as your father walked by and recognised me," John said. “I’m certain he thought I was there as someone’s valet. He offered me a job for the second time."
“Making love,” said John shyly, looking down at their clasped hands.
He immediately turned around and went back into the house, frantically searching the drawers and cushions of the home. He made his way into the kitchen where he opened every cabinet. He searched the bathroom, the second bedroom, their bedroom. Nothing.
John stroked his shoulder. “Don’t hold back. Let it out,” he said. “It’s just you and me.”
John snapped his hips once, then twice. Then again. And again.
"Jesus Sherlock, you almost killed me," said John.
"What?" said John, as he slowly approached Sherlock, crowding his space, slowly forcing him down on to the bed. "You are brilliant," John whispered in Sherlock's ear, his lips barely brushing his earlobe. "And amazing." John's hand slid underneath Sherlock's buttocks, pulling their hips together. "And bloody fucking gorgeous."
“So you're not at liberty to say,” pressed Sherlock. He packed up his violin. “Rather naughty of you, to mention it and not give me even a crumb of intel.”
“Night.”
He gasped at the sight of Sherlock's lips closing around him, his crystal eyes looking up at him through long lashes as he worked his tongue obediently over the large organ.
John sped up a bit as the path leveled out. It was obvious he was not in the mood for this type of conversation. "If it's your thing, then that's great. But if it's not..."
“I must taste you everywhere my lips will fit,” begged John. His mouth slowly made its way down to Sherlock’s neck then to his collarbone. The tip of his tongue gently played with the reddish hairs on his chest.
William turned to him in surprise.
He twisted and strained and found John's hot, wet mouth, kissing him hungrily.
"You alright?" she said, concerned. "You seem tired."
He woke to a small package on his bedside, wrapped in string. Inside were stacks of Mrs Hudson’s handkerchiefs, with Sherlock's folded on top.
“I know a fantastic fish shop just around the corner. The owner always gives me extra portions.” Sherlock bounded down the stairs. Molly followed.
“No one expects you to be.”
John shook his head. “I don’t know. She said I should leave right away since I was sixteen and my employment terminated upon my mother’s death.” John turned to Sherlock, a deep sadness in his eyes. “I lost everything.” He leaned back against the rocks, his head dipping with the weight of the memory. “I was on my way to Luss, where my father is buried. He was a vicar. I was hoping to find family or a place to stay, maybe work with the church there.” John turned back to Sherlock. “But on the way, I met the soldier…” John didn’t go on, but shrugged his shoulders.
Sherlock laid down next to him, his expression soft.
"Your father’s?”
“Lie next to me,” offered Sherlock. He propped up the pillow as John pushed back and relaxed against the headboard.
*********
“The mirror,” said William. “Why was it detached from the dresser?”
“I’ve been carrying your fat ass for too long!” he boomed. “I will not let you cost us a competition because your mind’s on a fucking Happy Meal and not on pitch. Wallace, congratulations, you are now fourth-chair trombone. Garrett, get the fuck out.”
John quickly stepped away from the door when Francesca stormed out, cursing at Felipe and throwing her apron on the ground in a huff.
The maestro made his way down the rows and through the multiple sections of instruments until he came to the front row. He instructed Anderson to play.
Their final day in Tangier finally came, and John woke up early to say his goodbyes to the students and Felipe. He found Ahad in the surgical unit scrubbing down the table. Most of the patients had been sent home, and the young Moroccan was finally looking rested again.
John grinned.
Sherlock straightened up immediately. He uncharacteristically cursed himself for the cigarette in his hand and chucked it into the fountain.
Sherlock nodded. John helped him sit up and held the bowl to his lips. He drank it down without hesitation. John reached up and tenderly stroked the back of his head. Sherlock sighed in pleasure, dropping his head to rest on John’s shoulder.
“Not at all,” Sherlock managed, though his heart was suddenly beating inside his throat.
An officer stepped forward and called for the soldiers to lower their weapons. He approached Felipe and John carefully, eyeing the pistol in John’s hand.
Hurt flickered on John’s face, but it was quickly replaced with determination.
Peter spoke excellent English, and when Sherlock said as such, the man explained he’d been a waiter in London at the Grand Hotel for years before returning home to his family's inn.
“Watson,” he whispered. His long, slender fingers lightly brushed over John’s blond head, translucent eyes sparkling with adoration.
“Don’t be,” replied Sherlock. “I think we can find something to do.”
John looked. His wound was now a scar, tender and red, but healed.
"You're freezing. John, where's your coat?"
John was nothing but determined. He figured if he could stick with it long enough he would get used to it, and if it cured him in the long run, some weeks of discomfort were definitely worth it. He soldiered on despite the pain.
He was about to give up, relieved to have found nothing, when his eyes caught view of the desk in the corner of the sunroom.
John leaned forward and again breathed deeply into the dip of his thigh. His nose gently rubbed along the fine hairs. He was helpless against his tongue darting out to taste the tip of the testicles nestled close to his lover’s body. The hairs were softer than he expected. He licked again. His pink, swollen lips then dared to kiss, and he kissed and licked and his calloused fingers gently stroked Sherlock’s soft length. He used his palm to push the long slender organ into his mouth. He swallowed.
“You have an open invitation to my home in Marseilles.”  She squeezed his hand affectionately. “It’s quite beautiful. Quiet. A good place to gather one’s self.”
“I’ve got a vineyard to run, a life to live, and I don’t have time for rough talk. Now if you’ll excuse me,” he said, with an air of finality in his voice.
The blonde’s beefy hand plucked the iPhone out of Sherlock’s grip.
“I don’t know,” answered John. “Probably hundreds.”
"It was my professor, Richard Brook," admitted Sherlock. He began to shake with rage, his emotions finally getting the best of him. "I thought I had it under control, but, last night…” He ran a trembling hand through his hair. “I’m in over my head, John. I don’t know what to do.”
When he arrived back at the suite, he wrote down every detail he could remember before falling fast asleep.
John awoke to the sound of gentle snoring.
He had also made Sherlock giggle, something others could rarely incite.
“Construction pits,” Sherlock said. “Berlin is an industrial explosion.”
John didn’t see him for the rest of the evening.
Best he stay put. At least here, he had a chance at saving a life.
It was a Sunday morning when he knocked on the open door. John looked up to see the officer in full uniform, his hat tucked under his arm.
“Did he think that unusual?” asked Sherlock. “I certainly don’t know all of my father’s friends.”
“Come upstairs,” his said, his words slurring a bit together. “I’ll make you some tea.”
“I know,” he answered. He kissed him again, this time letting his lips linger over John’s mouth.
“Whom else were you expecting?
“I then realized, it was all so simple,” he murmured.
Weeks turned into a month, then two. Letters from Land’s End came less frequently, and the young surgeon often lacked the energy to pen his own to send. As his knowledge grew and his skills sharpened, the demand on his time and length of rotations increased. Most of his shifts were now a full day and night, and he had grown accustomed to sleeping in the cots in the back office.
He took off towards the manor, leaving Sherlock standing in the meadow with the empty flask and picnic basket.
John woke Sherlock at the last possible moment for a ride back in the daylight.  They handed off the horses to the stable hands and began walking back to Land’s End.
Sherlock collapsed, his head buried in John’s neck as arms wrapped around him, holding him close, keeping him warm. The room was chilly, they realized rather quickly, so John lit the fireplace as Sherlock fetched robes from the bedroom. They lazily took turns holding each other, sipping scotch and not saying much, just resting and enjoying the feeling of being together again.
The rain began to fall right as Lestrade and and two of his men departed from the hospital. Felipe warned them not to dally but to return immediately due to the flash flooding. They set off into the city towards the gates, their khaki uniforms already soaked by the time they’d reached the grand mosque.
“It’s not a prank, Dr. Watson.”
“Of course I do."
“He was beating you. Let me help. Whatever he’s got on you -”
“What on earth is wrong with you?” asked John.
Sherlock pressed into John’s belly with his palms, arching forward and then backwards, then bouncing his hips gently, his behind grinding into the top of John’s thighs. His length, which had softened, began to fill out again and was soon bobbing along with his hips as John watched his lover take his enjoyment from his own broken body. It was glorious.
“Um, yes, um,” stuttered Molly. Sherlock turned around, looking at her in confusion. She didn’t want to go, not yet. She needed more time. So she lied.
The day has started off well, at least according to Sherlock. Asking Molly to be a part of his work for a day was a great gesture of trust and affection on his part, though he became keenly aware as the day progressed that Molly probably would have a preferred dinner and a nightcap.
“I don’t envy you, Watson,” he said loudly.
John immediately fell into step behind him and helped him undress. “No,” he answered. “I’m feeling a little tired, so I opted to turn in early.”
“What?” asked John. He adamantly shook his head. “No, that’s not -...” He leaned towards the food. “I only meant sitting down.”
“Dr. Watson, Masala has worsened,” he said worriedly. “Come see.”
Terror gripped John’s heart and stole his breath. He dropped to his knees.
“Cheers, my good man,” said the stranger. “Next pint's on me.”
“Don’t be daft!”
“Good morning, Dr. Watson,” said Mycroft. “How was Simpson’s?”
It was Donovan shouting from the middle of the bridge. John looked up, and could barely see the Inspector pointing, just ahead of John.
For two days John searched for Sherlock without a moment’s rest. A late spring snow had settled on top of the green grass, and under other circumstances, John would have appreciated the striking contrast. But the beauty was lost on him as he pressed on, expanding the search to below the falls and into the hills.
Anderson glared at John. John tried to ignore him and ate the rest of his dinner in silence.
He stands up, the sheet dropping to the floor, revealing his long, lithe naked body. He wraps the scarf around his neck, and presents himself to John.
William shifted even closer, as if it would make it easier for John to touch him, to make sure sure he understood that he wanted this.
John held extra duties as did all the staff during special events, so he caught glimpses of Sherlock as he served the guests. His jacket hung a bit too loose around his shoulders, but at least he'd allowed John to clip his hair so it presented evenly along his scalp. The young nobleman did display more pep in his step Christmas Eve and into Christmas Day, but John noticed the flashes of exhaustion in his expression when he thought no one was looking.
“Tell me,” he whispered.
“Alright.” William turned to leave, but John gripped him gently by the arm.
Marie nodded. “Very good, sir. Excellent news, sir.”
John inwardly rolled his eyes a little at the bravado, but obeyed. He slid up to Mycroft’s side, and looked out the window.
“Yes,” said John, gladly accepting another tumbler full of gin from the barmaid. “A consulting detective. The only one in the world.”
John chuckled. “It doesn’t have to be. My readers come back for the dashing detective in the story.”
“And?” he said.
His phone was filled with texts and voicemails he hadn’t answered. He knew it wouldn’t be long before someone roused him out of bed. But he wasn’t going anywhere. He was never leaving the Sliver again.
"Hello, my pretty. Can I buy you a drink?"
John froze, listening to his own breath rattling in his chest as he looked up into Felipe's eyes. Those big brown irises smoldered with want and lust. The man leaned over to kiss him again, this time showing him how much he was affected by John's self-pleasuring.
“Turkmenia?” said John. “Isn’t that part of the Russian empire now? Why would we have a regiment in disputed territory?”
They were back to the stairs in no time. Sherlock started down the stairs, but John grabbed him and swung him around into a dark corner of the hallway. He placed a small, tanned hand firmly over Sherlock’s mouth, and put a finger up to his own lips.
“Lestrade told me what happened in Transvaal,” John said softly.
"I liked it. But it's not something -” said John, but he suddenly stopped and reached for Sherlock, his eyes and voice softening. "Hey, I didn't mean anything by that. I was just surprised is all." John pulled him close. "I'm sorry. Thank you. It was amazing," he said, looking down into Sherlock's eyes. "You're amazing."
“Come on, I’ll buy you a pint,” said Sherlock, taking him discreetly by his good arm and leading him into the pub.
John looked out and watched a house being torn down while another next door was being built. In some spaces giant skeletons of new buildings sat with workers hanging off the boards, hammering and swaying in the wind.  On the next block over, men were leveling sand for a new street. It was all exciting and noisy and discombobulating. John was relieved when they finally arrived on campus and unloaded their belongings.
John closed the door behind him and sat down in the only chair in the room. Sherlock stared at the floor as he wrapped his blankets around him tighter, as if to brace himself against John's forthcoming tirade.
“It’s the same story you always hear,” said John. “I was in a public house and a recruiting sergeant plied me with free drink. I woke up with the Queen’s shilling in my pocket.”
Sherlock did not expect Brook to address his absence immediately, but that’s exactly what he did. He stepped up onto the podium, his eyes swollen, his cheeks red. He braced himself against his music stand with both hands, and reluctantly addressed the band.
“FIRE!” he shouted. “FIRE!”
“The Englishwoman! Where might I find her?
Again, he cut them off.
Sherlock took the pills and drank the entire bottle of water in a series of nonstop gulps. John reached up and began smoothing out Sherlock’s wild curls with his fingers.
Sherlock crawled on top of him, and Raibert slicked his fingertips up with lubricant and again pressed into Shelrock’s tight arsehole. He heard the condom unwrap, heard Raibert say his name.
“John,” pleaded Sherlock. “Calm down, love.”
Sherlock’s rage boiled over. He stood up, grabbed his music and violin case and left the room, slamming the door behind him.
“She was very grateful to you, m’lady,” answered John truthfully. “As am I.”
“No,” whispered John, his head spinning. “Sherlock, I’ll acclimate. Please don’t do this…”
Sherlock and John track the baron all across Europe, and end up in a tiny village next to the Reichenbach Falls.
William’s gaze softened. He looked at John as if he were precious, as if he might disappear at any moment.
John fisted the sheets, fighting to keep his composure. He shook his head furiously.
His voice echoed as loudly as the door slamming behind John Watson.
William scoffed and threw up his hands.
Sherlock’s eyes widened.
Lestrade’s jaw clenched with concern.
"Yes."
“Englishman?”
Mycroft raised his eyebrows and looked back at Roberts. Sherlock had a point.
"Funny, you strike me as someone who could probably do whatever he wanted and be successful at it," John said thoughtfully.
A broad palm pressed against his cock, and he keened quietly into Felipe’s open mouth. He felt his trousers being opened, and he watched Felipe swipe his palm with his tongue and plunge his hand into the front of his clothing.
Sherlock slowed and then stopped.
Felipe held John in his arms as he slept, his breath even and deep.
John moves William to the country, but makes a decision that changes everything.
“Billy, sir.”
“You remember why,” teased Felipe. He gave John a serious, seductive look. “Wanderlust,” he rumbled.
“I don’t know!” William shouted back, his voice strained. “Can’t you see John’s hurt?”
Several players gasped. Sherlock began to seethe.
“You helped the Yard solve murders. Or you’d take on private clients.”
But that smile soon diminished as John found his leg growing worse. Over the next week the pain became unbearable as his muscles began to spasm, sometimes catching him off guard while carrying a tray or heavy items on the stairs. The leather straps began to rub his skin raw while the unbendable metal of the brace sometimes forced his knee to lock up.
“Out.”
“Don’t be surprised, Johnny,” he answered practically. “I never did forgive the old bitch for turning you out the way she did. I’m glad she’s dead.”
There it was again. Deep in the second, unexplored hallway, the sound of a machine, something chugging, clanging, and voices.
“Come upstairs?” he managed.
Molly looked up at Sherlock. The consulting detective’s eyes were gentle and grateful.
“The mirror!” Mrs. Turner declared, her hands shielding her cheeks in disbelief. “Mr. Holmes, you could have been killed!”
“A case...like the one’s he used to solve.”
John hopped up from his makeshift seat and followed William into the hallway. William slipped into his overcoat.
He closed his eyes. “I’m frightened that I’ll be recognized, that bad memories will overwhelm me…”. His voice filled with shame. “I’m such a coward.”
She thought it might be a perfect moment to casually mention her feelings towards him. If he rebuffed her advances then she could laugh it off as a joke, a misunderstanding. But, she also knew it would be near impossible for Sherlock to hear her over the noisy chatter of the patrons. So, she waited, and enjoyed, even just for a moment, touching him, smelling him, being with him.
It hit Sherlock squarely on top of the head.
He stepped off the beaten path and veered back towards the stables.
“Come, let’s get cleaned up,” he finally said, pulling Sherlock to his feet.
Sherlock immediately obeyed the implied command. He played the most difficult piece he knew, Locatelli's Caprice in D major Op. 3 No. 23 'Il labirinto armonico. For a full three minutes, he worked the strings with his fingers and bow through the hell of the solo, crescendoing into the high note, holding it, until the sound slowly diminished.
Sherlock gave him his best, seductive smile. "What are you waiting for?"
Felipe stroked John's shoulders as he watched him play with his body, every few moments bringing him close for long, wet kisses, then head falling back against the wall as his sex was worked thoroughly by his surgeon’s expert hands. He released within minutes of John’s ministrations, shaking violently as his muscles spasmed, holding onto and staring at John like he was the most precious thing in the world.
“The key is -- relax, “ Brook cood. “Don’t worry about being perfect or what the other players think. You’re here for a reason. You believe that, don’t you? Say it.”
"I acknowledge my-
John wasn’t sure if it was the wine, the heat or the Spaniard’s undeniable magnetism, but he actually felt himself swoon as the taller man’s gaze fell on him.
The doctor patted him on the shoulder. “Say what needs to be said,” he said softly. He glanced around at the others, and they all slowly left the room as John crouched by his mother’s side.
He heard footsteps, and a scuffle, and suddenly, William’s voice in his ear.
Then turned and bolted up the stairs.
William swallowed audibly.
“Are we too late for dinner?”
The man coos, "It's okay. Stay there."
Sherlock stepped carefully onto the wide, three tiered staircase that led up to the large main doors. The sweet sound of the violins swelling in his ears made the noisy students swarming around him tolerable. He was about to pull open one of the main doors when a sudden movement behind an overgrown set of bushes along the building gave him pause. Sherlock slowed and discreetly peered around the landscaping.
His broken Spanish didn’t seem to bother the old tailor, who produced a breathable fabric that John found he instantly desired. After measurements and a down payment, John thought he’d promised to return the day after next for his new trousers and shirts.
He ran back to the ward, weaving through the patient-filled cots to his surgical unit. He tore open the cabinets, searching for medicine.
*******
John nodded again. He finally dared to open his eyes.
"Did he teach you that...technique?" John said, carefully.
*****
All at once, his faculties returned.
He resented William for tricking him, but he knew that the younger man’s actions at the pub were not the main cause of his anger. In fact, John was convinced William was truly sorry, words Sherlock would have rarely spoken allowed, especially if it had to do with extracting information he deemed important.
---------------
“He told me. Turkmen during the Afghan war.”
The lewd comment, though a joke, still stung. He tried to smile, for Sherlock's sake, but failed.
a place to hide.”
Felipe had kissed John senseless under the old olive tree, but he'd pulled away before it had went any further. A cold bath had set him right; or so he thought. The wine was doing a number on his heart as well as his head, and he found himself aroused and wanting.
“Hey, Sherlock,” he said. “You alright?”
Sherlock stiffened as Brooks’s approached him.
The orchestra played on, the intensity of the visceral piece growing exponentially as the tempo increased. Brook paced back and forth, eyeing the players like a hawk, his ears poised like a fox, every sinew of his compact body hyper-focused.
William’s crystal eyes flicked back and forth between the two men, unsure of how to respond. John held his breath.
Later that evening, before bed, John studied the calculations the old villager banker had given him on currency exchange. The Canales family winery was most likely 5,400 pounds in debt, which, according to the property value, plus the business, exceeded the collateral.
“We’re off,” said John. “Just came to bid you farewell.”
John picked it up and put it in his pocket.
John looked up, his eyes dark and hooded, his resolve crumbling. He rocked deeply into Sherlock, pulled out, and then shoved his cock back in, hard.
“You feel that?”
John gingerly retrieved the small piece of paper, his hand not quite steady as he read the handwritten note aloud:
O would to God, so I might have my fee
John smiled and laughed, the kind of laugh that made the sides of his eyes crinkle. “Yes, alright. More than alright,” he said.
He tapped his foot firmly on the floor as he looked around, a scowl on his usually kind face.
John’s cheeks turned bright red when he realized his mistake. He dared to look over at Irene and Mycroft, expecting to see shock and rebuke in their expressions.
"What's your name?"
He high-tailed it back to the Sliver, already making plans for his next midnight excursion.
“Don't look so grateful,” warned John. “I haven't told you my percentage.”
It was pure chaos at the Royal Concert Hall, with parents, friends, children, players, and all kinds of instruments heavily populating the corridors. Sherlock pushed past the mob and into the assigned practice room. Most of the orchestra was there, warming up. He found Victor in the corner polishing his violin, alone.
“The point is, as I’ve said over and over again, you have a gift, Holmes,” John said. “London needs you.”
“Correct, Mrs. Turner,” John replied. “I appreciate your diligence.”
"Yes. I’m - new."
The Golem laid on his back, staring up in the night sky, the rain pummeling his face and washing the blood from his broken lip in a red trail down his neck.
John shook his head. “I don’t know. End of the week, perhaps?”
“I don’t understand. Why would he leave them behind?”
This time Sherlock got it right. He swallowed and relaxed his throat, and John, now a less hesitant recipient, allowed for about 90 seconds of incredible, thrilling deep-throat fucking for both young men. Sherlock swallowed, licked, sucked and reveled in the abuse as John became rougher and stricter with his movements, until Sherlock's nose was buried so deep in his partner’s pubic hair that he couldn’t even breath. It pushed John over the edge and he came, deep inside Sherlock’s throat. Afterward, he collapsed without any grace onto the floor. Sherlock finished silently on his own just seconds after, and laid down next to John.
John licks his lips, trying to keep his focus, but is nevertheless distracted by Sherlock's gleaming pale thighs and slender prick jostling right in front of him. He sits on his hands to keep himself from reaching forward and direct that long, delicious cock straight into his now salivating mouth.
After glancing around one more time to make sure he was alone, Sherlock bit down on the clip of his phone case, and by torchlight, he pulled the lever with both hands and with a groan, the ancient bulwark swung open.
“So you were bored,” John replied jokingly.
“That’s not what Lord Sherlock said at dinner,” Dimmock piped in. “His lordship mentioned the Boers weren’t behaving, and Lord Sherlock said he had been asked to help. His lordship said you should go with him.”
John tasted like sex. It made Sherlock almost dizzy with desire, remembering how John had come nearly on top of him earlier. He felt his own cock swell against his tight trousers.
Translations:
With a grunt, he picked up the chair and slung it with all his strength directly at Sherlock's head.
The innkeeper tried to calm her, but she persisted in her pleading. She pulled on John’s arm.
“SHERLOCK!”
John entered William’s personal space, his nose within centimeters of the man’s chin.
“John.”
It was deep into the early morning hours when John rolled over and opened his eyes. There, like his fantasy, was Sherlock, sleeping soundly on his side, his body caressed by moonlight and shadows. John reached forward and slid his hand over his hip, then up his torso. He dared to stop and finger a nipple, which hardened into a pebble in response.
“Listen, Sherlock,” he said warmly, leading Sherlock slowly down the hallway. “I know what you saw in there is worrying you, but there’s a big difference. This is your first day.” he purred.  He turned, the two men now face to face, his hands rubbing up and down Sherlock’s narrow shoulders.
“It’s his,” replied Victor. “His newest composition, a concerto. It’s called Reichenbach.”
John grinned at Sherlock's reaction. He stopped for a moment and leaned forward, kissing him deeply and without preamble all over his lips, cheeks and neck, then returned to stroking him, fucking him with his finger.
Sherlock felt his bow hand tremble.
That same afternoon, John found himself standing in the lobby of Scotland Yard, with Sherlock demanding to speak to Detective Inspector Donovan.
John bolted to his bedroom and pulled down the wooden box where he stored his precious Browning. He opened it.
John shook his head. “Sherlock,” he whispered.
“You’re right. I don’t.”
Wiggins laughed and flicked his cigarette.
“Sherlock, wait…” he heard John say. He paid no mind as he illuminated the path in front of him, a torch in one hand and his phone in the other.
Each week that passed he grew happier. His appreciation for Felipe deepened into a blissful contentment that he was sure was a type of love. He didn’t feel for the Spaniard as he’d felt for Sherlock, but he didn’t want to either. No, with Felipe, it was different. It wasn’t a romantic love, but it was love. He couldn’t imagine his life without him.
John chased Mr. Thomas into the parlour. Though in his mid-50’s, the valet was moving with a speed and grace of a much younger man.
William, obviously taken off-guard, turned pink. John watched him actually tremble with excitement.
“Excellent.”
He thought of Felipe under the tree. He thought of his hands and of his lips, and of the time he made love to him on the rooftop in Tangier.
“Well, uh,” John stalled, as if trying to remember. “We’d talk.”
He stepped forward, backing William into the door.
“Mr Watson, I do not doubt your story. Our father did speak of a young man’s heroic act that saved his life during the war. I also do not doubt he offered you employment here on our estate,” he said. “But I must enquire about the state of your health. How are you to perform your duties as a footman if you cannot carry a tray?”
“Congratulations,” he cood softly. “You have your chance to play with the big boys. Be in room 141 tomorrow, 8am sharp.”
“On our date,” said Sherlock. “You implied my fellatio technique was an act of depravity, lewd. Like ‘something out of a porno’.
"Sherlock Holmes, sir."
Irene? he thought. Or maybe Mr. Thomas had sprung for some fancy paper.
“You are not helping,” he growled. He leaned down and kissed him softly on the lips. “I may have been short, but I was a model servant, beyond reproach,” he said. “She had nary a reason to dismiss me other than the contract she spoke of with my mother.”
*****graphic sex scene in this chapter, implied consent*****
John and Sherlock exchanged momentary looks, then both shot off like cannons toward the front door.
Mycroft reached forward and laid his hand on the good doctor’s small, shaking shoulder.
John swallowed his soup and glared at Anderson. “I can assure you, I will need no help from you.” John looked around the table. “Or any of you.”
The youngest boy let out a wail as Senora Margoles pleaded with the woman.
Only the alumni and a few students were privy to the memory of the underground rooms, affectionately known as “the Cellar.” The rest of the world knew Cromwell Music Conservatory to be ornamental classrooms, grand hallways, scrubbed marble and tile, sparkling brass finishes and waxed hardwood floors. To the east, another grand structure, built in the 1920s, was home to the student dormitories. The dorms’ furnishings were on par with the luxury found in the main hall. Large and airy and housing two students per room, each space held two twin beds, two large wooden desks, and a narrow window seat just large enough to sit on. Separating the wings were spacious communal bathrooms nicer than most private clubs, with sinks encased in slabs of granite, toilets housed individually with locking wooden doors, and spacious showers divided by panes of frosted glass. One end of the hallway held the community room, a large area full of leather couches, oak tables, a large flat screen TV and a state of the art sound system.
He took a step toward John. John felt his breath catch in his throat.
“Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes,” she said kindly. “Welcome home. With your permission, I’d like to start unpacking your things. Mr. Holmes, you will be taking the front bedroom, and Mr. Watson, the back?
Sherlock looked confused. “But you could have reconsidered. Even the queen gives you twenty-four hours to change your mind. Surely a life of service was preferable to serving in her majesty’s army.”
Sherlock slumped against the wall. His eyelids and face were swollen from crying. He looked incredibly fragile, and so, so exhausted.
“Maybe he went to see her family,” said Mr Thomas. “To make amends for the false arrest.”
“Alright.”
John sat up and held Sherlock’s face in his hands. “Oh, Sherlock, don’t.”  He smiled and kissed him and stroked his fingers through his curls. “Don’t look that way. Not for me.”
“And where in London, pray tell, are you moving to?” Mycroft asked, glaring at John.
Molly cleared her throat. “I just wanted you to know that I’ll – I’ll be washing up the tea set before leaving. It’s only proper,” she said quickly, picking up the tray and walking hurriedly into the kitchen.
“Bonjour,” said the man. He was older, with gray hair and round glasses, dressed in European clothing. “Intéressés à louer?”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed knowingly, but his expression remained kind.
John closed his eyes and let the memories of the war voluntarily flood his mind. He could easily go back to that day he was shot outside of Kandahar because it was always bubbling underneath the surface, threatening to emerge, to ruin his every moment whether awake or asleep with the smells, tastes, and sounds of the battle. He closed his eyes and rested against Sherlock as he spoke.
But the scar.
John finally pulled down his pyjama bottoms. His tongue licked and tasted the tip of the organ. John moaned with pleasure as he licked again.
He would be strong enough to leave. To go home to Felipe, where he belonged.
John finally recognised him as the man he’d rescued from the two Afghan soldiers. “How are you feeling, sir? I might need to check your stitches…”
The woman shook her head and answered in Spanish, the translation flying somewhere beyond John’s fine-haired head.
A few mumbled “amen” while others fought back sniffles. The room grew quiet, as Brook bowed his head.
His curls pressed hotly against John’s forehead.
“Blasted crates,” shouted Sherlock. “It’s not fine china, for God’s sake.”
Sherlock marveled at how his long, slender prick completely disappeared into John's throat. He felt the sensation of being swallowed whole over and over while watching  John's adam's apple bob up and down. He moaned in response, his hips writhing and trying to buck, but his partner laid a strong, solid arm over his abdomen to hold him down. His head fell back, his curls tickling his shoulders as he floated away, the heat surrounding him, John's thick fingers between his legs, making him feel everything.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “The student who accidentally drowned?”
“You will help me, won’t you?” William asked. “Move to London?”
A tap on his shoulder, and he quickly turned, pulling off his headphones.
He proceeded to buy two train tickets in utter silence and board the passenger carriage. The train was only half-full so they had a row to themselves.
It took several knocks before William answered this time. As the door swung open, John was greeted by a set of red rimmed, puffy eyes and a rather red nose.
John swiped a hand in the air, as if requesting Felipe to pay no mind to his state of sobriety. He pulled Felipe’s bag from him and draped it over his shoulder. He leaned a bit, but righted himself against the handrail.
“In a sense,” replied Sherlock. He gave John a thousand watt smile, and entered the passage again.
John’s temper flared unchecked, his blood boiling easily from the alcohol in his veins.
A fortuitous bolt of lightening swelled the sky, and flickered long enough to expose  the figure of a man, lying on the shoreline along the water. John took off like the hounds of hell were chasing him.
Sherlock suddenly kissed him with everything he had.
It was mid morning before both men managed to pull themselves out of bed. They ordered room service and ate leisurely, finally dressing appropriately for their walk. John slipped his leather bag across his chest, filled with a set of clothes for the evening’s stay in Rosenlaui.
“I’m not the one who resolved not to do so.”
When he awoke, he found Felipe nearby, a half bottle of rioja sitting next to him.
Peter helped the doctor to his feet, and John leaned against the rock to steady himself. His jacket had frozen stiff against his chest. and as he walked, he could only detect heavy numbness in his feet.
Sherlock refused to get into the bath without him, so he stepped into the steaming water and leaned back against the head. Sherlock got in next, settling between his legs, his head on his chest. The tub was long but not long enough as the tops of his knees stuck out of the water.
The Tangier School of Medicine was located in an old Spanish missionary, most recently used as a boarding school for the daughters of diplomats. It was located down the street from the Grand Mosque, a tall beautiful structure that was the pride and center of the city. Felipe’s seven students, all young males, consisted of four Franciscans, two Moroccan Muslims and one Spanish civilian. John was quickly introduced to one of the young Muslims, Ahad.
John boldly headed out of the entryway that led to the bridge, and the wind hit him like a brick, for a moment knocking him off center. He caught his breath and righted himself, but it was so pitch black he couldn’t see a blasted thing, even with his lantern. He heard Felipe behind him.
If you are not familiar with Colby Keller's work, please google him immediately unless you are at work then google him when you get home. He is a gay porn star and is the creator of "Colby Does America".
John felt a surge of jealousy, though he knew it was ridiculous. He knew Sherlock had more experience when they first began their relationship. There had to have been someone, though he’d never really thought about who it was until now.
He glared up at Mycroft in desperation.
********
“That’s true,” answered Wiggins. “The rooms were finally condemned. It gave me a bloody headache, all the mold and dust down there. Can’t say I was sad when they filled it in and opened the new floor.” He sighed. “But then Brook showed up and we all had to start watching each other’s backs.”
“As am I,” he replied.
Sherlock, weak from months of poor self-care, was already sweating and worn down from the brief tussle. John pushed him down and pinned him to the bed, albeit more roughly than he intended. Sherlock, momentarily stunned, stopped struggling. John leaned down and whispered hotly in Sherlock’s ear:
The walk would no doubt take him all day, but he didn’t mind. The landscape was rolling and beautiful, peppered with olive trees and fields of perfectly rowed grapevines. The innkeeper gave him a name and place to stay for the night, and John thanked him and set off down the road.
John looked at him strangely. “All right…” He threw back the rest of his drink and stood up, following John to the far corner of the room.
“Stop!” He begged, tears forming behind his eyes. “You told me once, you keep to yourself, mind your own business. It’s not your concern!”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. His chin rose higher as he clasped his hands behind his back. He swayed a little, still unsteady on his feet.
After a moment, the man handed the cup back got John and said quietly. “Thank you.”
“We?” replied John. “I don’t think he means me.”
Sherlock took a final drag and dropped his cigarette on the ground. “Are you going to finish that?”
John thrusted up again and again and again, watching himself disappear and then reemerge, feeling the tight, hot heat of Sherlock’s body letting him in. Sherlock squeezed his fingers so tightly they hurt as John continued to snap his hips, and suddenly Sherlock was writhing and shaking and pushing back down onto him. His body began to spill all over John’s chest, and he watched in amazement as Sherlock trembled through his release, completely untouched, his seed spreading all over John’s body.
, he had deduced.
The two men didn’t dare discuss the matter until they were back in Lord Sherlock’s bed chamber, alone and dressing for breakfast one morning. John was fastening his lordship’s vest when Sherlock broached the subject, rather clumsily.
A whimper escaped his throat in anticipation. A moment of embarrassment made him tense up, but once John’s hot tongue slid along the cleft of his behind, all was forgotten except what was happening where Sherlock couldn’t see.
“I think we should leave,” whispered John.
John’s regiment, the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, was stationed in India near the Afghan border when the fighting broke out. He, along with his comrades, was ready for action. They’d sat idle for too long.
“Cromwell, a musician then,” answers John.
Confusion flickered across John Watson’s face. “My lord,” he said carefully. “Might I inquire on Lord Siger Holmes, The Earl of Cornwall and Viscount of Land’s End?”
Sherlock was back in the Sliver, buried under his blankets, cursing the sunshine and wishing he were dead. His head throbbed as much as his heart ached, both ailments taking turns at overwhelming him to tears. If he hadn't lost John before with his lies, he'd definitely lost him for what he’d done last night.
An hour later, John dared to slip into the cool side of the bed, with Sherlock curled up fast asleep on the other side.
“Expect the unexpected,” he hissed, releasing his grip. “Take off your shirt.”
“Yes” Sherlock rumbled in John’s ear. “I had them made to the exact specifications of my mass body index. It’s so precise I can’t even wear pants”.
“Take care, my dear Johnny,” he replied, hugging him tightly.
But John didn’t seem angry, just worried and sad, which then made Sherlock even more distraught. Did he not know what had happened? Was Sherlock going to have to tell him, right here, right now what he had done?  He didn't know if his heart, or his stomach, could take it.
“What's that?” said John, surprised. “Yes, yes of course Mr. Dimmock. I appreciate it, thank you.”
“Can you find it in your heart to be with me, just as I am? Just once? I won’t ask you to stay again. I promise.”
Sherlock nodded as a tear fell from the corner of his eye and trickled down his cheek. He took a deep breath.
“Mmm, yes,” rumbled Sherlock with a wink.
One week melted into two, and the third week, all hell broke loose. The hospital was overrun with patients. Even the floors were filled with those suffering from the sickness. John kept watch on those progressing into the third stage. In the beginning, he was in surgery every few days, but now he was averaging one every 18-24 hours. Perforated bowels mostly. Some were lucky and had already pulled through. Those patients were sent home with strict instructions on what to eat and drink. Most, though, were still in the thick of it, and more were pouring in.
John had never seen a body like Felipe's, dripping in line after symmetrical line of muscle and tendon. His abdomen formed a V that led down to another patch of dark hair. His stiff cock wavered in the exposed air, long and thick and perfect. He took hold of it gently, relishing the heat and smoothness in his palm. He stroked it and let his thumb dance over the tip, feeling wetness dribble from the top.
“With men you can be a harder, more vigorous.”
“You said you would take me to Baker Street and introduce me to Mrs. Turner. That I would be welcome to stay there as long as I like.”
“Always knackered after a long ride,” he yawned. “Just a quick kip, and I’ll be ready...”
“The storage closet, next to our rehearsal space. He said I’d do as I was told, or he’d make sure the authorities found out I was in the UK illegally. He said I’d be shipped back to Syria or thrown in prison.” He closed his eyes for a moment. “I told him he wouldn’t dare, because I’d tell everyone who he was.”
For Sherlock, all those qualities, plus the fact John Watson was rather easy on the eyes, gave him the rare motivation to actually give a damn.
Sherlock was up and back on his horse within moments.
And he left, shutting the door quietly behind him.
“Ahad,” John growled. “Where’s the rest of the bloody quinine?”
“I don't know,” said John. “Maybe it wasn't you that made a mistake. Maybe someone else recognized you?”
Sherlock let John open his shirt with eager fingers. He settled back against the cushions and spread his knees wide, letting John remove his clothing or push it aside as he continued to fumble and seek out new things to kiss and lick.
John shuddered against him, his large cock red and leaking and hard against his stomach. His eyes were shut, his mind gone. “Yes,” he whispered. “Yes, yes, fuck me, just like this.”
Sherlock leaned over and gently placed his lips on the most mangled section of the scar. He kissed it softly, and began to move his lips down, kissing every part of the swollen pink tissue.
“M’lord?”
He tried the doorknob but it was as hot as a lit poker. He pulled off his jacket and turned the knob, but it wouldn’t budge. He slammed his whole body weight against the door again and again until finally it flew open. The flames shot out into the hall, singeing his arm.
“You’re practicing too hard, Sherlock,” he said, “You’re fingertips are disgusting.”
Ahad then reached behind him and handed John the medical bag he’d arrived with two months before. It was the one from Felipe’s apothecary.
Sherlock turned and glared at John. “I am no such thing!”
"It's okay. Stay there," said the man smoothly. He removed his jacket and hung it leisurely on the coat rack. He stepped back, hands buried in his pockets.
“No, you’ll need to leave, as soon as you are well enough to travel.” John hesitated, but decided it was as good of time as any. “You could always go back to Land’s End.”
John glanced over at him. “What?” he said innocently.
John continued, slower than before. Sherlock gripped him firmly for support and leverage as they walked, their footsteps echoing against the walls. It was eerily silent otherwise.
Mycroft glanced at the reference over Robert’s shoulder. They both gave each other a look. Mycroft turned and spoke.
“Good, good,” he said. “Now, arpeggios. Snappy.” He counted off and Sherlock complied, playing quick notes up and down the skipping scales.
It had been years since John had been on a horse. It was a beautiful, crisp spring morning and the estate was just beginning to show signs of life again. Buds were on the cherry trees and the buttercups were blooming white and yellow alongside purple lilacs. The horses moved slowly along the trail as they went deeper into the grounds.
William looked at him expectantly.
Sherlock kept the gun pointed at Moriarty’s head as the laser beams darted all over the the two struggling men. A moment of hope flashed his John’s eyes as he swore at Moriarty and strained to see if Sherlock had indeed gotten away. His face fell the moment the red dot of the sniper’s gun fell on Sherlock’s head. He backed off, defeated.
Since the outbreak was in the early stages, John and Felipe split shifts in order to instruct the students on how to treat the sick. They would see each other in passing, giving each other brief updates on medical supplies and patient load, then one would rest while the other ran the floor.
“Aye,” John answered, his eyes downcast. He held out the appropriate cufflinks, and Sherlock glanced worriedly at him as he took the bits of silver and attached them to his sleeves.
“I swear it.”
“Did he say where he was going?”
"I didn’t mean it like that,” said John, scrambling for the right words. “I’ve just never had anyone do that like that before. It was rather intense."
“Perhaps,” he said.
“He has his faculties. We could give it a try.”
John left Lestrade and his men with Felipe as he examined Masala, a young woman from the village that also happened to be Ahad’s betrothed. He looked up at the young Moroccon.
John’s anger and resentment had overwhelmed him the evening he’d forced himself on Sherlock. The memory was so painful he could barely bring himself to think on it. He’d spent much more time at the apothecary since then. He was emotionally raw, and he didn’t trust himself anymore. John felt like his insides were rotting away, just like Sherlock’s body, the thin frame a constant reminder of his failure to protect and care for his lover.
Sherlock still hesitated. He looked up at Land’s End in the distance, then back toward the village. His hand floated along his scalp, fingers barely touching his scar.
The two men stared at each other in silence for a good long time. Miss Turner took the opportunity to close the window, and silently retreated back down to the kitchen.
“It’s a miracle!” said Molly.
“What do you mean,
On the way back from the village, John stepped out of the way of wagons full to the brim with milk bottles, or flowers, or summer hay. The smells of the countryside brought memories of his and Sherlock’s early days, when they used to ride together from morning until tea time. John cherished those moments. He thought of them often during dark times, warm memories that helped him cope.
“Then we practice on being in the present, even if it’s just for a moment,” John whispered, holding him even tighter.
He crept silently to the back bedroom as not to wake the Spaniard, but was shocked to find the room empty.
John grinned and flipped Sherlock over onto his back. He buried his tongue in his sweet, swollen mouth. Perspiration caused curls to stick to his forehead. John reached up and pushed the hair out of his beautiful crystal eyes.
A group of rugby players walked by, talking loudly and playfully pushing each other along the fountain. One broke off, and approached Sherlock.
Sherlock closed his eyes, and yes, YES it was happening. He felt it building and building and building until he couldn’t stop himself, and he shouted and groaned and pushed back against John’s body violently, milking him, making him work for it, twisting and grinding and reveling in being penetrated, desired, loved.
“You as well, Dr. Canales.”
“Dr. Watson has been in Tangier establishing a medical school,” said Sherlock proudly. “He is now a surgical fellow in Edinburgh under Dr. MacDougal.”
John abruptly removed his fingers, pushed Sherlock onto his back and mounted him, chest against chest, lips pressing against his sweaty forehead. His hands pressed against the insides of his white thighs, spreading them wide as his thumbs stroking the crest of his smooth bottom.
“Why?”
A beat followed, then John whispered softly:
“Know what?”
The fear that he had gone too far was evident in John's eyes. Sherlock pulled him close and kissed him. He could taste himself on his lips.
“I’m glad to hear it,” Felipe said softly. The Spaniard glanced to the side, and for a brief moment, John saw something more behind those eyes than just cool politeness. What it was he saw, however, he didn’t know.
Felipe kissed him again. “It's not a matter of deserving. The heart simply wants what it wants.”
Sherlock found his brother Mycroft in the library, lounging in the same chair their father had sat in just a couple of weeks before.
John shook his head, confused. “Know what?”
"Here’s the rules," he growled hotly into Sherlock's ear. "I even feel a graze of a tooth, I snap your neck." He forced Sherlock’s head back, his chin in the air, but Sherlock kept his lips pressed together tightly.
John moaned into the Spaniard's lips as he began again to stroke himself. Felipe looked down and watched intently. His long fingers pushed John’s sweaty hair away from his forehead as the others traced gentle patterns over his chest and stomach.
BanimalQ had the beautiful idea of Sherlock’s bloody fingerprints accidentally smearing all over John’s body while they fuck to show that John is now mixed up in this murder mystery as much as Sherlock.
“Oh God, Sherlock,” he mumbled. “No, no, no.”
Anderson smiled so big Sherlock thought his cheeks would pop. He shot out of his chair and was at the professor's side within seconds.
They had been waiting an awfully long time, however, and William was growing uneasy. He mumbled something about how “he should have been here already” just as John removed the sleeve from his nose, and a sneeze, catching him by surprise, caused an echo across the large hall. John awaited William's chastising remarks that never came.
A short, frustrated sound escaped John's throat as he struggled to keep his composure. "You need to report this. To the police, to the chancellor, to someone."
Donovan gave orders to the driver to follow the path to eastern guard house.  From there, he said, the patrolmen monitored one of the main bridges that crossed the narrow part of the reservoir.
He leaned back against his pillow, exhausted. John sat the bowl on the table beside them.
He barely noticed the perspiration gathering along his neck and backside as he stroked and pressed and made himself feel good. His fantasies felt all too real as he teased himself closer and closer to orgasm. He heard himself moan a little, and he forced his mouth to close, breathing heavily through his nose.
John shook his head in disbelief.
John stared at Felipe in amazement. “How do you know all this?”
Suddenly, a loud sob escaped from his throat. He buried his face in John's chest to muffle his cries, his thin shoulders shaking violently. John held onto him, rocking him tenderly back and forth.
“South Africa!” said Molly. “That sounds so exciting! When do you leave?”
“But the boy, Billy, you sent the boy -”
John sat the paper down and leaned back on his hands. “I was on the front line,” he began. “I found your father kidnapped and being threatened by these two Afghan soldiers. I was forced to... to take care of them -” he said, glancing up at Sherlock. “- your father was wounded so I flagged down a Cavalryman to take him back to camp.” John took a long drink from his cup. “Later we were in the same infirmary, and he was very kind to me. He offered me a job as repayment. I was very grateful.” He smiled again, deep in thought. “I recognised him by his eyes. You definitely have the same eyes.”
Suddenly, bolts of lightning flashed across the open sky. It illuminated the entire reservoir for a few fleeting moments, and John could plainly see the trail of blood ran all the way across the narrow bridge.
John handed the young Moroccan a needle and thread.
John stood up and stiffly motioned for him to step out into the hallway. The younger man rubbed the back of his neck as he looked up at the officer with bleary eyes.
John did as he said. His letter back to Mycroft was as brief as the one he'd received. He simply conveyed his inability to return to England at the moment, but he hoped to make the trip sometime in the next year.
John was silent for so long that Sherlock finally turned to see what was the matter.
John stood there, trying to remember the last time he’d seen him properly dressed.
“What are they saying?” asked John, the gun hidden, resting in his pocket.
“James Stuart reportedly died during a raid in one of the villages where he was a stationed, leaving the title to Albert, and then after he passed, to his first born, Matthew.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and refilled his cup. He walked stiffly to the armchair next to John. He sat down and sighed. It was then he caught sight of the tin of sweets on the table between them.
The next day John did as he was told, and sure enough, Mr Frank was waiting for him next to the ice house. He followed the butler without a word into the back of the hall, up a narrow staircase and into a large, cavernous room with marble floors. The space had floor to ceiling windows covered by dark drapes that barely blocked the bright afternoon sunshine. Painting after painting adorned the walls, and beautiful wooden and stone tables held ceramic and glass vases and figurines and busts. Mr. Frank finally stopped about the middle of the room, and nodded with his head toward the large painting on the wall.
Felipe licked his lips as he watched his lover orgasm, gripping the one thick leg still draped over his shoulder. Felipe thrusted his hips, his body releasing both inside John and outside, spilling himself up and down the crease of his small, round arse.
“You don’t owe me anything,” John said softly.
Before Sherlock could respond, John disappeared into the second bedroom and emerged wearing his nightshirt that reached his knees. He sucked in his breath when he saw Sherlock in the bed, naked, the covers pushed down to the edge.
Agnes closed the suitcase on the bed.
“Semana Santa, John,” he answered. “Holy Week is upon us. Prepare to eat yourself into oblivion!”
“I’m actually surprised you offered me opioids.”
The cab driver was not happy to be so far outside of London proper so late in the evening. John had to pay him triple and Donovan had to show him his badge before he’d agreed to take them all the way out to the Reservoir.
A man, mid-thirties, hair dark and slicked back from his face, assesses the trembling teenage violinist. His eyes are coal black and possess an intimidating, feral intelligence.
His needs were going to come first, for once.
He stroked and sucked and licked his way around Felipe’s body until he was a writhing mess of trembling muscle and breath. He easily bent the taller man over the barrel and skillfully spread his legs with two quick taps of his foot.
The doctor finished off his second drink and poured himself a third. Finally, the edges were becoming a bit fuzzy as he sunk deeper into his chair.
He was wearing a short sleeved undershirt and thin sweatpants, as if he'd just chucked his scrubs but didn't bother to redress.
“Don’t be afraid, John,” he rumbled. “I like it rough.”
“A ghost was chasing us,” said John skeptically.
He felt a large hand smooth his hair back as if to calm him.
Felipe paused for a moment, then began to chuckle. John dared to join him, easing the tension between the two men.
He gripped his own prick and teased Felipe’s center, relieved to find him relaxed and wanting.
“Oh, God, fuck,” he said between gasps of breath. “Hold on,” he said, as he jumped off the bed and disappeared momentarily into the bathroom. He came back out, the condom gone and the sweat wiped off of his face. He carried with him a damp flannel.
“What about it?” said Sherlock, his large hands now steadying John’s head. Sherlock searched his face for clues. “Something went wrong wiith the surgery.”
"Yes."
Sherlock then spent a good fifteen minutes in his mind palace, standing like a statue on the stairs. Molly leaned patiently against the railing; he looked beautiful deep in thought.
Sherlock had waited most of the day for Brook to come. He was in the same practice room as always, toward the end of the row and near the back door.
Sherlock missed the cue.
Silent, fat tears began rolling down Sherlock’s cheeks. He gripped John’s hand like a vice. “I miss you,” he whispered, his voice shaking. “I know what I did. But you’re what I want.” He wiped at the tears with his fingers. “I had you, and I ruined it.” The nasty headache he’d been enduring all morning suddenly returned with a vengeance. He leaned back against the wall, covering his eyes with his forearm.
“Tell me what you want me to do,” John demanded. A hot tear escaped the corner of his eye. "I'll do anything. I don't care anymore. I have to be with you."
John chuckled. “Well, that’s Mycroft.”
Dr. Watson went on leave from Barts. He worked at the dispensary, treating the poor, the destitute, the underbelly of society. It was the only time he felt a moment’s peace. Well, that and when he’d return to Baker Street to settle in for the evening with a large whiskey and an obnoxiously big cigar.
John pulled Felipe to his feet. “Come on,” he said loosely. “We can sleep anywhere. We’re soldiers.”
