"I've just been having a very interesting conversation with Novak here and I would very much like your side of the story." Dean looked over at Cas with about ten questions in one look. Cas' reply was an apologetic wide-eyed stare. Fuck…
“Are you ok?” Luke asked as he leant against the doorframe. “Michael’s just pissed that Gabriel isn’t here.”
Across the ballroom, Cas spotted his parents talking to Balthazar and Gabriel. Amy caught Cas’ eye and gave him a small smile. She said something to Gabriel and moments later she and Richard were walking towards Cas.
him if Sam wasn’t right. “You’re starting work tomorrow, legitimate and respectable work I might, and if that isn’t a reason to celebrate then I don’t know what is.”
“Hannah I’ve asked you to please just call me Castiel.” Hannah was friendly and hardworking but the formal way she spoke to him drove Castiel insane. He knew she was trying to show him respect but instead it just made Castiel feel like a child playing make believe in his father’s suit.
do this right now, I can't." As soon as he said those words Castiel felt a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach because it was true, he couldn’t be with Dean at the moment, and he hated himself because of it. He hated himself for feeling so lost that he was unable to be happy with someone, especially Dean.
!” Jessica said, clearly not paying attention to what Sam was saying. “You’ll be saving my life if you can help me pass this stupid class. I thought it would be romantic to take Italian but I have
“Is the house on fire?” Dean grumbled and the words were jumbled together so it took a moment for Castiel to figure out what Dean had said.
Despite his wariness, Dean knew deep down that he wanted to tell someone about all of this, he wanted to just babble about how he couldn't understand a word Cas said first thing in the morning because he would still be half asleep. About how Cas needed several coffees before he was remotely friendly. Cas hated tea with milk but his cupboards were full of boxes containing herbals teas that his sister sent him. His favourite was an almond tea from Italy that he drank by the bucket load. Dean was slowly learning some of Cas’ quirks, even the annoying albeit endearing ones like how he hummed when brushing his teeth, and he just wanted to tell someone about them dammit. Sam had complained that Dean never told him about Michael until he really had to but Sam could be a judgemental bitch sometimes and Dean having sex with his resident was something a lot of people would judge him for.
“You never told me his name. What’s going on? Is he here for you?” Castiel shivered at Jimmy’s wording.
The two of them lay in bed together exchanging kisses until Cas had to literally pull Dean out of the bed. They just made it downstairs to the academy steps in time.
“Please don’t think about my sex life…not that I…never mind,” Cas mumbled as he became very interested in the food on his plate.
“You’re the officer, well the guy pretending to be an officer, who questioned Cas about Rachel’s death.” Jimmy said and Dean stilled, his hand hovering over the canvas. “You said your name was James Stark but Cas figured out it was a fake name instantly. He’s always been a fan of
"Were. We were married. We were happy. We were in love. I thought we would be forever yet here we are." Cas said.
“Do you want to go somewhere?” Dean suggested. All he wanted to do right now was take to the open road and never look back but he wanted so desperately to save Castiel, he couldn’t flee but he could get out of the mansion with Castiel.
Cas’ passion for his work was evident in every word he spoke and Dean listened with rapt silence as Cas talked through the next stages of his cardio research. The speciality of cardiothoracics had always interested Dean when he was in college and medical school but hearing Cas talk about it was on a whole different level, the passion he had for the speciality was evident in every word Cas spoke.
With the same quantity of nervous butterflies he felt when he first introduced Michael to his family (and he needed to stop thinking like that now) Dean guided Cas through the room, reached out and tapped Sam on the shoulder.
“Because it’s half past four in the morning. We sort of fell asleep.” Dean said with an apologetic look because from the frown on his face Cas didn’t appreciate being woken up. “Sorry about waking you. Do you want to grab a shower or something?”
"Try son of Mary. Our fresh meat," Bela intoned. Charlie’s eyebrows shot upwards with a question. “I swear, you’re in your own fantasy world, Bradbury,”
"We do have a budget to keep to Gabriel." Balthazar reminded him. “The board doesn't have an unlimited supply of money when it comes to your crazy ideas.”
“Ok… was that plane a time machine or something?” Sam asked. “Is it two years ago? Are you guys married still? Do I have to sit through my high school graduation again? Because that shit was boring as fuck.” Sam said looking between Dean and Cas.
"I don't know why you can't just text or call like a normal person." He said as soon as Sam’s face popped up onto the screen.
"True but who has the time to find a man and spend twenty minutes faking an orgasm before I see to myself." Josie said with a sigh. "What's up? You seem tweaked."
“I’m…I’m not right for the job mother.” Castiel said finally admitting to the truth he had tried to hide from. “I’m not the right man to lead the company and everyone knows it. I’ve tried so hard to be like father but I’m not him and I never could be. I think…I think that I should do something now before we lose the company.”
"Sorry to interrupt but aren't you Cas Reeves?" Castiel spun round, his heart hammering as he prayed that he wasn't hearing things.
"Not gonna lie here Cas," Dean said as he gripped the kitchen counter, because Cas' whispering was doing all kinds of things to him at that moment. "But I was convinced that you were thinking of killing me and using me like a cadaver for the skills lab."
“Oh I know all about your travels, we all do. I see you have those hulking wings of yours strapped back on. Those things really took a beating didn’t they? I’m amazed you can still use them.” Zachariah said smiling sickly. Dean knew Zachariah was only saying this to anger him but the thing was that it was working. His pulse was quickening and Dean wanted nothing more than to slice Zachariah’s head clean off.
“They’re sitting on their asses for, like, three hours. They’re not going to be flying themselves back to New York.” Sam pointed out.
episode.” He moved towards Dean, a hand reaching out to gently stroke Dean’s arm. Goosebumps erupted across Dean’s skin as Cas took hold of Dean’s wrist, thumb gently rubbing the thing skin covering Dean’s veins. “I forgive you for leaving here and now I’m hoping that you forgive me for punishing you over the past few weeks.”
Dr Sands! I kept telling myself that it would happen and that’s why I stopped myself from doing anything. That’s why I kept telling myself that it was stupid for us to be together because of all the shit people would give us.”
“Thank you mother.” Castiel said placing his own coffee mug onto the table and motioning for Dean to follow him. Castiel watched as Dean pulled himself up out of his seat, Naomi still watching intently, and followed after Castiel towards the helipad.
“Because most people don’t understand, ok? Apart from maybe Anna and Gabriel no one really understands so don’t pretend that you would be any different because you wouldn’t be.” Castiel said turning away so he wouldn’t have to look at Dean’s open and questioning face anymore. Dean sighed loudly and reached out for Castiel’s wrist to make him turn back round. Castiel ripped his wrist from Dean’s hand and felt his breath hitch.
“Great. Jack, do up your seat belt and stop trying to change the station. Claire…just don’t do anything stupid.”
“How is it that Adam is funny and kind of sweet when we’re at work but if you put him into a situation like a restaurant he somehow turns into a bumbling mess? I mean, he’s not stupid by any means! He’s a goddamn
“What’s going on? Is she ok?” Dean asked. “She was acting weird for days before the break. I saw her having to rest her ankle a lot in rehearsals.”
"Yeah I'm fine." Castiel swiftly lied, he could see from Dean's face that he didn't believe him but he didn't say anything about it. Instead he switched the DVD player off, stood up and held out his hand for Castiel to take. "Didn't you want to watch another episode?" Castiel asked. Normally Castiel had to drag Dean, normally huffing and swearing, away from a Dr Sexy marathon and even more so when it was season five which Dean called 'a masterpiece of modern television'.
“Castiel!” Anna cried hurrying up to Castiel and looking highly apologetic. “Becky Rosen had to go home early because she was feeling ill, apparently she threw up everywhere in the middle of Bio II, and so there’s no one to work in the office after school. Miss Barnes on the front desk asked me if I could fill in for Becky and I said yes without even thinking about it so that means I can’t drive you home. Are you ok to ask Gabriel for a ride home?” Anna asked looking very guilty because she knew how much Castiel hated relying on any of his brothers for anything even if Gabriel was the easiest and most relaxed out of his three siblings.
To Cas' credit he acted like the perfect suitor for the remainder of filming. He laughed at Ruby's jokes, snaking an arm around her waist as they toured the library and even pulling her in for a kiss near the end of the date. Dean had to fight the jolt of jealousy that coursed through him as he watched Cas take Ruby's hand, smile in a heartbreaking way and kiss her. Dean pushed those feelings down as Cas' words played in his head like a mantra.
“I don’t find Novak attractive,” Dean said. He bitterly regretted ever telling Jo about Michael. If she had never found out that he was bisexual she wouldn’t be pressing the point of him potentially finding Cas attractive. There was so much going on in his life, the internship and making sure he had time for his family despite being so far away from them, and he didn’t need this going on top of that. “So just drop it already Jo.” He added giving Jo a hard look.
“I’ve tracked him down and he’s only a few hours away. You should be able to see him soon.” Sam said smiling at Castiel’s reaction.
“You know how to dance?” Cas asked disbelievingly. Dean just rolled his eyes, which seemed to be a common occurrence when he was around Cas.
"So, what made you a Dante fan?" Cas asked Ruby as they strolled together through the Rose Room of the Stephen A. Schwarzman building.
“No, just listen. I'm not running ok? No matter where I go I won't leave you and you need to stop acting like a huge dick just because we’ll be like four hours away from one another…there are things called cars and phones Cas!”
“Dude she really was. Inias doesn’t start work until two.” Jo said with a smirk. “So the usual?” she then asked cocking an eyebrow.
Castiel looked out across the crowded room and thought, with a weary smile on his face, how so much has happened during the last eight months and yet at the same nothing had changed at all.
“And you? What about you? Are you really happy doing this? Don’t you ever wish that you hadn’t of taken this job?” Castiel asked.
“I haven’t heard anything. There’s no plan as far as I know, not that I know much of what goes on up there anymore.” Sam answered solemnly. “And according to Raphael there’s still no word from Michael so we have to keep following Raphael’s orders. Michael hasn’t-”
"The thought has crossed my mind," Cas said with a low chuckle. "But then I decided screwing you senseless was more fun."
"This?" Zophiel asked looking down at the vessel's slim teenage body. "A devout Christian cheerleader, would you believe it? She asked for something more awe inspiring than being on top of the cheer pyramid and here we are." Zophiel said shrugging her shoulders. "Personally I think she suits me, it's easier to get humans to do things when your vessel looks like they fell out one of those awfully cheesy catalogues where the socks alone cost $20." Zophiel shot Dean a knowing look.
“Ok, ok! I hate to break up this family discussion but my brother Sam here has found out where your brother Gabriel is.” Dean said before shots were fired or punches thrown. Castiel turned away from Anna and Samandriel to give both Dean and Sam a relieved look.
“We’re working on our portfolios.” Castiel said “We have to hand them in for an evaluation at the end of the semester.” He then explained as nodding down at his own sketch pad which was full of sketches he had been working on over the past several weeks plus the one he’d been working on during detention the day before.
, I sort of had a moment a couple of months ago, but now…now we’re a couple and we’re gonna be a couple for a long time so people have just had to get used to it. The people that I care about are cool with it and that’s the important thing.” Dean said.
Samandriel untangled himself from his blankets and groped around under his pillow for his phone. Years of living with his family taught him to always answer his phone no matter what the time. Grumbling to himself as he rubbed crusted sleep from his eyes Samandriel looked down at the screen and frowned when he saw Gabriel's name. Gabriel never called him. It was always Castiel or Anna. Something had to be wrong. He hit answer and gingerly said hello as he pulled himself out of bed.
"There really isn't anything worth mentioning. I have a brother and a sister, both older than me, who I see at Christmas and my parents died when I was in medical school." Castiel said almost casually.
Meg glared furiously before Adam dragged her away to get into position. Once Meg was gone, Cas turned to give Hester a cold and hard look. Her pastel pink smile never faltered. Cas could smell the cloying synthetic vanilla scent of her lipstick. It made him want to rip his own skin off. Her hair was pulled into such a tight bun that it looked painful and the smell of hairspray fought against the cloying lipstick scent.
“Ok yes, it is fucked up.” Castiel said draining his glass again. He reached for a spare glass and poured a drink which he handed to Dean. “I think that if I sleep I might think of my time down there.”
"Please don't say it gets better; please do not say it because that is the biggest crock of shit ever. It doesn't get better Dean; you just become too full of chemicals from countless medication to care anymore so you think it is better when really it isn't. Your life is just the same, just as shitty, as before and that will never change." Castiel said trying to make Dean understand because no one ever understood, not really, unless they had gone through what Castiel had. They wouldn't get it unless they had suffered through side effects and the endless really of hopelessness, of drowning in a vast sadness that was constantly threatening to consume a person in all entirety. "Can you just leave me? Please just leave...just leave me alone Dean
you? I called Sam so many times but he wouldn’t tell me anything. What the hell happened?” Jo asked. Dean was about to open his mouth to explain when Jo cut him off. “Cas was a
Benny returned with their drinks and the three men fell into easy conversations. While talk of the hospital dominated most of the conversation Dean found he wasn’t even remotely bored. Both Benny and Castiel were incredibly passionate about their specialities and had endless stories of complex procedures that had pushed them into being better surgeons. Castiel had just finished telling them about the first time he performed a Fontan procedure when Benny spoke up.
It happened a few short weeks after receiving his letter from MCAD. Everything had been going far too well for Castiel's liking and whenever that happened it was only so long before the careful and delicate barrier he built up came shattering down and slicing him to ribbons.
“Oh, we’re not.” Jimmy said and once again the unspoken hung over them. Not many people would ask someone with a failed marriage to plan their wedding. “Anna has already started planning it.” Jimmy added, mentioning his younger sister. Dean smiled at that. He'd always gotten on well with Anna and, over the past few years, she'd become a close friend.
go and inform Ms Braden’s son that she is coming out of surgery and will be in the ICU until she wakes up.” Castiel said in a monotone that showed no emotion what so ever. From where she was stood Jo raised her eyebrows and looked like she was on the verge of laughing again.
“Last year…last year was bullshit but I’m ok. I promise.” Dean said as he desperately tried not to think about the year before.
“Dean!” a voice called from across the parking lot causing Dean to look away from Castiel towards the source of the voice. A gangly looking fourteen year old came running towards them until he stopped just in front of Dean’s car panting slightly. “Hey, sorry I would have been waiting for you but I got caught up in the library.” The boy said. Castiel saw some resemblance between the boy and Dean and quickly guessed that this must have been Dean’s brother, the one that Anna had mentioned the day before.
"I'm a fucking rock star with a scalpel," Cas said but he didn't sound convinced at all. Dean rolled his eyes at him but gave his boyfriend a smile anyway.
Jimmy. Of course, it was Jimmy. In the space of a month, he’d turned into a weird, panicking mess over the wedding. God knows what would happen if he was actually planning the wedding and not just getting Anna to do everything.
Yes, I know I said I'd be posting on Fridays but I stupidly forgot that this Friday is a bank holiday and I can
“Oh…yeah, sure,” Cas said. “Try not to kill Bela. I know it’s getting stressful but I’m sure you can get through one rehearsal without calling her a ‘deep throat whore’.” That had been one of the more tame insults Dean had thrown out the day before.
“Fucking hell Cas, ever heard of sugar-coating shit?” Dean asked him, the ghost of his laughter could still be heard in his voice.
“Good because you should.” Castiel snapped. “Sorry…actually no I’m not sorry I snapped. Did you really expect me to go ‘Oh ok, take my soul’ and I’d skip off to Heaven or wherever I’d end up?”
“You really don’t have to talk about what happened but…well I’m here for you when you do want to talk.” She mumbled; sleep already beginning to pull her back down. Castiel smiled into the dark and squeezed Anna’s hand again. Anna drifted off to sleep, a small look of concern still on her face even as she slept, and Castiel found that he continued to smile appreciatively even if she could not see it. If Castiel ever lost Anna he knew that he would be truly lost.
"Moscow for two years then Royal Ballet in London. Kansas and Boston before that," Dean replied, his cheeks growing slightly red from Gabriel’s questioning.
“Yes sir,” Dean said with a sarcastic salute. He was incredibly conscious of sauce after that though. He did enough paperwork as it was, never mind redoing Cas’ files. “What about the odd coffee stain?”
“You are such a child sometimes.” Anna muttered rolling her eyes. “Why can’t you just accept that you like Dean then work out some clinched hare-brained scheme to get him to notice you in the style of a terrible film from the nineties?” she asked
“Not now Gabriel, just not now.” Cas said as he filled two mugs with coffee, handing one to Dean without saying a word.
“Been doing that since you and I slept together for the first time.” Cas muttered. “Did you ask me to marry you just to piss off my brother?”
“Yeah…still, the whole concept of the show? It’s pretty stupid. You’re supposed to find love and propose to someone to someone you’ve only just met? I call bullshit.”
Cas rolled his eyes, Dean was sure this would always be Cas’ go-to reaction regarding Dean, but he still rose from the seat he had moved closer to Dean. With a swift movement Dean didn’t even see completely Cas swung a leg over Dean’s own until he was sat in Dean’s lap, legs straddling Dean’s thighs. He lowered himself until his lips ghosted over the shell of Dean’s ear.
"Ruby has a mouth the size of the Jersey tunnel," Meg said with a shrug as if everyone knew this. "So, come on. Tell me everything."
. There wouldn’t be the judgement from fellow interns or the Chief of Surgery. It would just be the two of them on the East Coast, they could just be ‘Dean and Cas’, not ‘that intern and his resident’. They could be free.
“I wish it wouldn’t happen…” Sam said in a small voice, his eyes starting to swim with tears. Dean hated seeing his baby brother like this, it wasn’t fair that Sammy had to go through all of this.
“I swear, I will knock your heads together so help me God,” Mary muttered, giving Cas a long-suffering smile. “I mean it, you two will miss your flight if you don’t get going,” she added, giving both Dean and Cas one last hug before they climbed into Cas’ rental car and made their way to the airport, Dean complaining the entire time.
Slowly Cas pushed against Dean’s entrance. Dean gritted his teeth, more because of the almost painful sexual frustration that was burning through his veins, and had to bite down on his lip to stop from demanding that Cas just fuck him already. Inch by inch Cas slowly pushed, Dean’s blood almost boiling with pure
“The hospital has one of the best surgical internships in the country, asshole residents aside, and why am I a princess?”
“That sounds correct to me.” Castiel said between drags of his cigarette. “I just…I don’t know what on earth I am doing here. I’ve never watched this moronic show, no offence-”
"I don't get it Cas, I just don't get how you can go from one extreme to the other ok? I don't get how you can say that you love me and then act like I mean nothing!"
“Dean? You here?” A voice called out as the front door opened. The first time that had happened Dean’s heart had stopped. He had been convinced it was Cas coming back. It hadn’t been. It never would be.
Dean jostled slightly so Castiel was facing him and gave him a reassuring smile "It's fine, are you ok? You've been spacing out all night."
“If you’re not back in South Dakota by this evening then I will be back.” Tessa said before leaving Dean stood alone on the pier.
“Dean! What the hell are you doing in there? Will you hurry up?” Sam yelled from right outside the door. He was going to come into the room and see way more of Dean and Cas in a second.
Dean on the other hand mentioned college a fair bit. After Charlie had been accepted to Harvard, with a full scholarship after they’d seen her coding skills, and Sam had started looking at studying at Stanford once he’d graduated Dean had looked at several colleges, Castiel had seen the brochures in his room. They didn’t talk about it in depth, Castiel really didn’t want to think about the fact that Dean could be hundreds of miles away from him in just a few short months, but Castiel knew that it was something Dean was thinking about heavily even if they didn’t talk about it. It was a niggling worry but Castiel had gone long enough with niggling worries so he learnt how to push it down until it was barely noticeable.
“You’re right.” Cas grumbled, removing his arms from around Dean. For a moment he missed the warmth and weight of Cas’ arms. “We should go downstairs.”
“Yes sir.” Dean said making sure the ‘sir’ came out with just the right amount of sarcasm just like last time before he turned on his heels and marched out the operating room. He ripped off his surgical mask as he stormed down the hospital hallway and swore quietly. There was a strong chance that he was going to be put on scut for the next year because of this. The temptation to request a new resident was incredibly strong but that would just be showing weakness and Dean Winchester did not show weakness.
“Yeah, it’s a miracle anyone believes we’re twenty-one, they’ll never believe that Anna is. She looks about ten years old.” Dean said.
“Ok then. Who is Michael and why is he leaving a message about meeting up with you on your machine?” Cas asked sternly and it honestly felt like Dean’s stomach was about to drop out his ass.
"Yes, if he doesn't break the pair of you then it's going to be an interesting scene," Balthazar commented between sips of his scotch.
"That's the thing; I think Dean is part of the problem." Castiel said after a moment. If he was expecting Anna to be sympathetic then he was strongly mistaken as she huffed loudly.
Still, Dean did think it was one of the better group dates they had done for the past few seasons. The setting really did seem to make everyone relaxed. They filmed well into the late evening, making sure to capture everything Josie could possibly want from a group date. By the time they were back on the bus heading to the mansion, everyone seemed exhausted. Most of the women fell asleep instantly. Both Sam and Charlie fell asleep just five minutes into the journey back. Dean was half tempted to try and get some sleep when Cas sat do in the vacant seat next to him.
"There you go Castiel." Inias said handing Castiel the two mugs with a friendly smile. "One black coffee with cinnamon and one hazelnut latte with a shot of vanilla." He said and Castiel smirked at hearing the extra shot Inias had put in Anna's drink.
“If it’s awkward then you can put it down to karma seeing as you told Sarah and Charlie about me and Cas.”
"I'm... I'm moving back to Kansas after the wedding. I've put a deposit down on an apartment in Kansas City. I'm done with running, it's time to come home." Cas said. Cas' words hit Dean like a ton of bricks. He was coming home. The thing Dean had wanted to happen for two years was finally happening and he... he was terrified.
Dean's lips left Castiel's and for a moment Castiel was terrified that Dean had had a change of heart, that he did care that Castiel is broken and probably can't ever be fixed but then he felt kisses feathering down along his jawline and down the side of his neck causing his breath to hitch. By the time Dean's lips were leaving kisses along Castiel's clavicle his breath was completely ragged and the heat of longing threatened to bubble up and completely consume him. A jolt punched through his stomach as he realised that he needed to feel more of Dean's skin, he needed to see more of Dean's skin. He needed to just
“Thank you…I think anyway.” Castiel said finally looking away. “Can I ask you a question?” he asked after a few moments of silence.
“No, right now I’m talking. After you’ve listened to me for the first time in weeks I’m going to let you talk.” Dean said more firmly than he thought he was capable of. Cas looked back at him, eyebrows still raised but didn’t say a word so Dean took that a plus and carried on. “The fight between us was stupid, thinking about it makes me want to punch something because we were angry at each other for no reason. You reacted badly and I reacted even worse by walking out. I’m sorry that I freaked you and made you worry, I’m sorry that I scared you and hurt you. Most importantly I’m sorry that I fucked up and didn’t tell you that I loved you when I should have done.”
"Cas." He managed to gasp out when he felt a hand slowly slide from the inside of his thigh to the very obvious erection he was sporting.
“I’ll grab the drinks, you grab some seats with those asshats,” Dean said. Cas nodded and made his way over to Adam and the others.
“Sorry, can I steal him away for just a second?” Ruby asked in a sickly sweet voice. April frowned but before she could say anything Ruby took Castiel by the arm and walked off. Instantly the cameras were on April’s face.
Daphne’s mother, it turned out, had recently had surgery on her hip which was why Daphne was driving to Illinois. Over the next five hours Castiel learnt that Daphne was driving there to spend time with her mother and help her recover. She didn’t fly there because she didn’t like to fly and couldn’t afford the plane ticket. Castiel found himself happily listening to everything Daphne was saying and she seemed not to mind that Castiel didn’t speak that often.
The words had been swimming through Dean’s brain ever since Cas had said them and now that Cas was going to be living with him Dean knew that they would constantly be there. Cas loved him, Cas was in love with him and yet there was still something there that was stopping Dean from saying it back. It had to be the fear that everything was too good to be true. Sure the chief knew about them and people in the hospital were gossiping but Dean could deal with that. It was whatever he wasn’t able to deal with that was scaring him.
“Breakfast is being served in the dining room soon. I wasn’t sure if you would want to join us or not.” Castiel said trying to keep his voice as normal as possible. The shock of seeing Dean the night before still hadn’t worn off completely and now Castiel was feeling a slew of mixed emotions regarding the man stood in front of him.
“Cas, they’re from the Midwest and it’s not the most…progressive place there ok? I didn’t want to start something this evening with them when I introduced you as my boyfriend. Plus my Dad becoming a surgeon and all would have something to say about the whole ‘intern dating his resident’ bullshit.”
"Forgotten his keys or something." Dean said finishing Cas' sentence. Something he used to do all the time. Cas looked at him with surprise but nodded.
bitch, chill the hell out,” Dean said, clapping Sam on the shoulder before heading inside. “Catch you later Sammy,” he called over his shoulder.
After breakfast they stopped off at a convenience store to get vital supplies. By vital supplies both men meant beef jerky, chips, soda and Twizzlers. Once they'd spent more money on food than probably necessary they set off again and talk soon turned to travel. Castiel had been all over the country thanks to his father’s book tours but he lamented the fact that he’d rarely been able to see highlights of the country. In turn Dean told him about the trip he’d taken with Benny when he’d gotten his GED. The pair had driven from Kansas down to Louisiana, where Benny had lived until he was a teenager, so Benny could visit family. Dean talked animatedly about seeing the cowboy museum in Oklahoma city and the nights out in the French Quarter of Louisiana. It had been one of the best trips he’d been on when growing up but, like Castiel, he lamented over not doing more on the trip.
Jimmy was the next to bail. Months prior he had applied for a summer internship and then had swiftly forgotten about it. That was until he had gotten a phone call securing his place. Once again Dean tried to be pissed but Jimmy was really excited about the internship.
“I miss you. I really miss you Cas.” Dean whispered. Cas pulled away for a moment to place his own glass on the table and turned back to Dean. “Say something.” Dean pleaded.
Gabriel took a self-satisfied sip of his coffee then grinned more widely than before. "I said that there is a very disgruntled looking plaid wearing teenage boy waiting to talk to you in your room. He was sat on the doorstep looking like some pissed off and poor lost puppy when I got back. He's a good looking kid but moody as hell so I sent him up to your room before he ruined my good mood with his moping and Nineties throw back fashion." Gabriel said.
"Oh sorry, um…it’s just that I noticed your tattoo and I was wondering…what does it say?" Castiel mumbled diverting his eyes once again so that Dean wouldn’t accuse him to staring or anything like that.
“As I said, I have the day off and I want to help. It’s a crime that you’re ruining the muscles in your back from sleeping on that couch.” Cas said shrugging his shoulders casually as he placed the paper bag on the nearest table. He pulled out two cups of coffee and handed one to Dean. “I remembered that you take it black with no sugar,” Castel added offhandedly but the gesture and the fact that Cas remember how he took his coffee made Dean smile.
Cas had always been lean, built like a runner, but with strong muscles gained from years of dancing. The boy in front of him resembled a football player, even down to the All American looks and a flannel shirt. It wasn't hard to guess that this was Dean Winchester, he was the spitting image of his mother.
He pulled at the zipper of Dean's jeans without thinking about it. With a slightly trembling hand he hoped Dean didn't notice he reached inside the jeans until his hand was firmly clasped around Dean's warm expanse of skin, his hand moving up and down the shaft without any real goal other than to see Dean come undone by the slowly building speed of Castiel's hand gripped around him and the fierceness of Castiel’s lips against Dean's. He wanted to hear Dean's voice become rasped and call out for Castiel in desperation. After everything that had gone on between them since that second day when Dean offered him a ride home Castiel needed this, he needed the intimacy and the desperation.
yet, probably 'cause we're both so tired after rehearsals, but I've been thinking about it. Thinking about us - and not just when you wear those really tight shorts to go running in.”
“Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy.” Dean said without skipping a beat. Castiel Novak looked up from the file in his hand and raised his eyebrows in surprise.
After that, they talked pretty much non-stop. Random musings that seemed to be thinly veiled sexual innuendos became the norm. Neither Jimmy nor Jo knew what was going on and Dean wanted to keep it that way for a while. When Cas announced he was coming to visit them, Jimmy thought nothing of it but Dean was nervous. Was Cas coming to see him? Would it be obvious that the pair had been talking for the past month? If it was Dean was going to be fucked. Not in a good way either.
“You’re with Adam? Who’s with Jo then?” Cas asked. Jo and Adam had been pas partners for the past three years.
“So we can head back now and you can hand things over to the other guy.” Dean said to Castiel. He pulled himself up off the rock, flicked his cigarette away, and turned back to Castiel. “You coming?” He asked. Castiel nodded and soon they were walking back to the mansion. Dean could see interns running around like headless chickens. When they spotted Dean and Castiel they looked even more frantic. Josie had probably dropped the ‘standby suitor’ bomb. Obviously, none of them had a clue what she was on about.
"You're just pissed I slept through that lecture and still got a higher score than you on the test." Dean pointed out with a chuckle.
“This ARVC case of Novak’s is actually going to be the death of me. My brain feels as though it’s been pulled out of my nose with a pair of tweezers, then scrambled into mush and served as mystery meat in the cafeteria.” Jo groaned into her large cup of coffee Sarah had just handed to her. Adam’s face paled and he pushed his own cup of coffee away from him with a look of disgust. “Sorry but it’s true. I thought I had paid decent enough attention to all things cardio related but clearly, I was wrong. Everything that could go wrong is going wrong and think Novak’s close to killing himself or one of use.”
“Don't stand there like a freakin' hat stand Sam. What do you want?” Dean called as his brother came into view. A dark look clouded Sam’s face.
"Mom...mom I think you're suffocating him." Castiel heard Sam mutter after a moment. “Mom…mom you’re definitely suffocating him.” Sam said. Mary pulled away, her face flushed, and gave Castiel one of those rare smiles that could easily light up the whole room and make a lasting impression upon all those who were there to witness it.
“I suppose, lead the way.” Cas smiled as Dean held onto his hand even more tightly and guided him towards the very centre of the dancefloor.
is this?” The venom in Anna’s actually scared Castiel. Sure he’d heard Anna snap plenty of times in the best but her voice had never sounded that fierce, especially when talking to him.
ask. What's Meg's story? With your parents acting as her guardians and all? I mean, I know she’s part of the Dead Parent Club but what’s the story?" Dean asked. “And I
“Go on Dean, before I walk out the door for the last time, tell me why you keep rejecting my proposal.” Cas said with a loud sigh.
After several minutes Castiel became aware of someone standing almost directly behind him. He pulled out an earphone to tell whoever it was to go away when they said “Hey man; is this seat taken?” Castiel looked up and wasn’t that surprised to see that it was Dean Winchester. After all who would wear boots like that apart from Dean? Like the day before Dean was wearing the same worn leather jacket. Castiel couldn’t help but think about how interesting it would be to sketch that jacket purely because of the different textures and the subtle change of colours dappled across the worn brown material. He swiftly curse himself inwardly, of all the things to think about he was thinking of Dean Winchester’s
He built up his speed as Dean became heavier, hotter and slick. Impatient feeling lips jammed against his own and every single minuscule taste of Dean was saturated in desperate and pleading want. There really was no going back. Building up momentum even more so Castiel revelled in the gasping breaths coming from Dean's mouth as the heat if their skin intensified until Castiel felt almost burnt as Dean rested a cheek against his own, stuttering gasps brushing against Castiel's ear along with his name tumbling out of Dean's mouth with hoarse desperation. Dean was becoming undone just the thought alone sent shivers up and down Castiel's spine.
"Weirdly. He yelled at me, called me an asshole then had sex with me in the shower." Dean said. Charlie's eyebrows raised in surprise and she even snorted. "I know, then again I wouldn't love him if he didn't confuse me sometimes."
“How bizarre.” Claire intoned. Gabriel laughed out loud and high fived her with his sandwich free hand.
“Oh…thanks…” Dean said as his face went from lightly tanned to a violent red blush. Clearly Dean was someone who didn’t really notice their talent. “You like art too I guess…I mean you were sketching yesterday…” Dean added still blushing.
“I’m actually glad you didn’t. I would have kicked him in the balls if I had known what he did to you. You hating his guts makes perfect sense now. The guy is an asshole.”
“You’re still not going to tell me are you?” Jimmy asked sighing with exasperation and Castiel shook his head. He knew he was infuriating his twin but he couldn’t do anything to stop it. “You really mean this though, you’re really going to hand the company over to me?”
"Too busy to call your mother? Sam is dangerously close to becoming my favourite son, I hope you realise that." Mary said but Dean could hear the laughter in her voice. "Now tell me all about everything that is going on with you. Sam mentions that you have a roommate." Dean rolled his eyes. Even out in California Sam was able to relay everything Dean told him via email or text message.
“We always enjoy your brand of humour Meg,” Amy said. “And how are you feeling this year? After everything that happened last year and all,”
“Thanks mom. I’m sorry I didn’t call you earlier. It’s just been a busy day," Cas said glaring down at his tie.
“Gonna do so much more than that.” Cas said drunkenly as he winked at Dean and pulled him into a fierce, biting kiss. Dean was drunk. Drunker that he had ever been in his life. He kissed Cas back with just as much passion as Cas. It didn’t matter that he was blind drunk, he knew that this was what he wanted. “I love you so fucking much Dean Winchester.”
“Nah, were you here all evening last night?” Dean asked looking around the office at the endless mugs of half-drunk coffee. “You should have called and I’d have kept you company.”
“Unlike in previous years, we will not be putting on several shows over the course of the year. As this is your final year, we will be doing one show at the end of the year. You will devote your time to that show as well as various assessments. You will learn the adagio over the next few days during afternoon classes then present on Friday morning. Tomorrow we will be posting the pas de deux lists for the next year,” Balthazar continued.
“Camael has joined Raphael? I thought he had gone quiet.” Dean said. The last he’d heard of the angel was that he had turned his back on the fighting in Heaven and wanted nothing to do with it. Clearly times had changed.
“We can’t risk that Sam. Adam is right. This is Jo; of course I'm going to find her!” Dean snapped. “I don't give a shit if God himself is there and wants to smite me; I'm not going to lose Jo…I’m not going to lose her
"$10,000 what does it look like? Anna and Amelia both got to the final. $5,000 for each girl. You'll understand not getting the winners bonus because there was no winner. I guess Collins will just have to be a consolation prize."
"Yeah…I mean he's a little shit sometimes but he's a damn good brother at the end of the day. Plus having a lawyer for a brother could come in handy if I ever accidentally kill a patient...that was a joke by the way." Dean said.
“I always thought you were just a pretty face but now I can see you really are quite clever. Screw the resident to get the surgeries, it’s not the most original trick in the book by any means but it is fun and clearly, by looking at you it’s very effective.”
"We were saying she would be in the final two from the limo exit." Balthazar intoned. “They were smitten with each other.”
“Yeah, dad taught me.” Jack said before looking back at the screen. “Uncle Gabriel has told me so much about you two. It’s so cool to finally meet you!”
“I am sat right here in the car, he’s not gonna be on his own.” Dean retorted. Anna fixed him with the hard look she’d also given Samandriel. Most men would have cowered in fear just from the look alone but Dean stood his ground and Castiel’s respect for him rose dramatically. “Nothing is going to happen to him Red, I busted my ass enough to drag him out of Hell so I not just gonna let him go back there.”
“I know that Meg,” Cas said. He’d seen Dean in several dance magazines over the past few years and had even seen him dance before.
“We’re five minutes out Josie. Outside of shoving a firework up the driver’s ass, we’re still gonna be five minutes out.” Dean said with a heavy sigh. “We’re gonna do one last tits and teeth check. There’s not gonna be a stray eyelash or rogue nipple in sight.” Dean promised.
Maybe the months they'd spent becoming friends, becoming colleagues had really been spent just building up to the moment when they could be themselves and be with each other. Dean wasn’t one for believing in shit like that but maybe that was because he had never had a friendship that had so quickly changed into something full of need instead of amity.
"Nothing, he's just got this crazy scary reputation for being a hard ass and it's true. He dude is a genius but a total douche face." Dean said before taking another bite out of his pizza.
“I guess this is the cue for ice cream.” Dean said, lowering his voice so only Cas could hear him. “We...we can talk about this later.”
"I love you too Claire-Bear." Cas said. "We'll walk you out to the car." Cas said to Dean. The four of them walked out to the Impala, Dean towing their bags in the trunk. Claire and Jack exchanged a tear-filled hug. Dean wiped away a tear and felt Cas lace his hand through Dean's. Cas gripped tightly, silently telling Dean that he loved him. Dean squeezed back and watched as Claire gave Jack and Cas one last teary look before she got in the car.
“I’ll ring Zachariah myself and tell him ‘no’. I’m not dealing with board related crap on a Saturday.”
“Wish I could have said the same about the pole in your ass, but we all knew that was there," Dean shot back.
emails so you can be quiet, go and put your suit on and do not make a scene.” Anna hissed. Dean had known Anna for as long as he had known Jimmy and he had never been this scared of her.
"Oh, believe me, the rest of the family spends a lot of time praying for you." Jimmy said to Cas. "And, I meant look after Dean. I know what you're like." Jimmy said giving his brother a look. "If it were up to you the poor guy would end up in Vegas with a stripper named Molly Mount." Jimmy added before leaving the pair alone.
“You’re really corny, you know that right?” Dean asked. “Underneath all that mean front you’re just a big ol’ softy.”
that’s like one of the best medical schools in the country not to mention one of the most expensive…you’re kind of a princess.”
you to just fucking move already, please Cas,” Dean said, his breath hitching as Cas finally started to move his hips slowly. A gasp escaped Dean’s lips and Cas snickered loudly.
“Not at all, you’ve made it clear that we’re friends Dean and this is what friends do for one another.” Cas said shrugging his shoulders nonchalantly.
“It’s always been like this but I guess as I’ve gotten older I’ve become more aware of how fucked up our family actually is. It’s pretty shit to be honest….would you mind if we didn’t talk about it right about now though?” Castiel asked. There could possibly be a time in the future when he’d talk to Dean about his family, about his mother walking out and all the difficulties he’d had with his brothers over the years but now probably wasn’t the time at all.
is that romantic?” Cas said. It wasn’t like his mission in life was to antagonise his English class but it happened. Ok,
Cas’ heart thumped violently against his chest. He had only been away from Dean for a few days, but God, he had missed him so much. A tiny voice in the back of his whispered about how they could possibly be further away next year but Cas silenced that voice as he waited for the door to open.
“Jess...I think I’m falling for him. Dean’s got this crappy, and totally false, reputation but he’s so much more than that and I really, really like him. He's smarter than people give him credit for and he's witty. He's...he's a good person.”
“So we’re back there again? We’re back to how we were the other week? When are you just going to fucking admit that we are friends and that you don’t have to close me off over everything little fucking thing?” Dean practically hissed.
“Like it’s possible to forget Charlie, she’s loud enough.” Dean muttered as Castiel glanced around the room. Like the kitchen before the living room was clearly going to be one of the most lived in rooms, a large bookcase was already full of both DVDs as well as books and one corner of the room seemed to be solely dedicated to the large stereo and turntable. The large mantle above the fireplace was groaning under countless family photos and for a moment Castiel was saddened that the Winchesters hadn’t been living in this house for long but it already looked like more of a home than Castiel own house which had being lacking in anything other than minimalistic décor for the past several years ever since…well for the past several years. “Ignore the mess, we’re trying to unpack everything but it seems like we’ve amassed a shitload of junk since we last moved and it’s taking forever. I don’t even want to think about how long it’s only to take Sam and Charlie to unpack all their trash.” Dean said throwing himself onto the worn but very comfortable looking couch.  “So how on earth do you do that?”
..," Dean said casting a look over to Ruby. Anna too had fallen asleep. Her head resting on Ruby’s shoulder.
“Don’t worry…I think I know where he could be.” Dean said leaving Jimmy to his paperback. With a nervous feeling in his stomach Dean slowly walked towards Castiel’s studio in the least used part of the house.
"I have the same problem with Jack. He will say something and it will just hit me." Cas said as Dean’s words sunk in. “I...I never stopped loving you. I left but I still loved-”
"It's whatever you want it to be," Dean said. "Listen, I'm kinda in the same boat here. You know, just without the God guilt and all. I haven't let myself get close to anyone since Charlie died. This is weird territory for me too."
"The poor guy is scared shitless by you, to be honest," Dean said smirking. He probably shouldn't be laughing over Adam, interns sticking together and all that crap, but it was kinda funny. Cas smiled at him like scaring Adam had been the plan all along.
“Yeah well, they ran out of mini apple pies,” Dean said flippantly but he was grateful that Cas came to find him, grateful that his boyfriend hadn’t gotten drowned in the sea of doctors and well-wishers.
“Don’t mention it. I’m clearing out the spare room this weekend though so you can move your ass out of my bed.” Dean said with a smug grin.
kind of atmosphere you horny moron, the right atmosphere for the film. Adam zoned out halfway through
“He’s a well known porn director.” Castiel said bluntly. Dean couldn’t help it. He laughed. The first real laugh in a long, long time.
The cold air hit Dean almost fully in the face when he stepped outside. This whole thing had been the stupidest idea he’d had in a long time. He could have been anywhere, namely his apartment, but instead he was sat at a table with a pompous English guy who was going to be his new step-dad, his brother who could barely look at him and an insanely hot-
“Don’t start," Charlie said with a groan. On her very first day Charlie had said that if anyone called her Charlotte she would glue their feet to the ground.
“Honestly?” Dean asked. Ruby nodded sagely. “Don’t bother trying to screw the AD, he’s my brother and his fiancée Jess will make you all look like drag queens. She’s the head makeup artists.” Dean said. “If you get caught screwing a cameraman then you’re out. The showrunner is a woman and will eat you alive. Don’t think about fucking a producer so you can stay in the show, it never works."
“We have a lot of demanding scenes together, it requires a lot of work,” Cas said through gritted teeth. “We’re working hard to make the ballet perfect.”
"Remember if anything happens I'm taking you home!" Dean called after Sam while Charlie snorted loudly.
“I’m not going to leave you Dean!” Cas cried. “Why can’t you see that? I came here to work things out, I came here because I missed you and I still love you! I wouldn’t leave you again! Please, please, Dean… just see that. Fuck, why can’t you see that?”
“Why, because this making you nervous?” Cas asked, still smirking. Dean gently punched Cas on the arm.
"Thanks, Kevin, tell her that I'll be right out," Dean said and Kevin practically ran out of the room. "That kid is going to put himself into an early grave."
He cursed himself for getting close to Dean but most of all he cursed himself for not seeing whatever it was that Dean felt for him; then again Dean hadn't made it known to him and maybe Castiel had kept Dean at a close enough distance for him not to see what Dean had been feeling.
Castiel walked back to the party in a daze, his head swimming and his vision blurred. He was vaguely aware that Dean Winchester was at his side still in the immaculate suit but if the other man was trying to say something Castiel wouldn’t have been remotely responsive. The two men walked into the ballroom, Dean letting out a low whistle, and Castiel instantly caught Amelia’s eye.
“Ok...I’ll just...head out. Toodles!” Gabriel said, giving Dean a salute before hurrying out of the living room.
"Sort of seeing him?” Sam said as his eyebrows shot upwards. “Dean he's your resident. You can’t ‘sort of see’ your boss. The hospital will go shit crazy at you."
"And  why would I be picking up my teeth from the floor?" Castiel asked warily. Meg groaned loudly and actually flicked Castiel on the forehead. Hard.
“Hey, are you done here?” she asked. She looked stressed out, her blonde hair falling out of her ponytail and a smear of blood on her scrubs. Dean watched as Ben’s eyes focused on the blood and his face paled. Dean nodded at the blood, Jo looked down at it and shook her head. “It’s the motorbike riders, Lafitte is taking him into surgery with Ortho. So, are you done here?”
"How? The hell is that easier Cas? Because from where I’m sat that doesn’t sound easy at all" Dean asked sounding irate. "I don't know about you but I don't just go around kissing people and forgetting about it. Look, I care about you. I really care about you. I care about what happens to you and from what Anna has said-"
Dean still spent time with the few friends he had made during his first few weeks at school though he now spent more and more time with Jo and Anna. Though, like Anna, he drew the line at spending time with Meg. The first few weeks of their relationship was whirlwind of secret glances in Algebra, playful teasing in art and hurried make out sessions in the Impala during lunch breaks. There were moments when Castiel was sat in the backseat of the car with the taste of Dean, a mixture of coffee, cigarettes and spearmint gum, on his lips and he would wonder why he’d been so scared to let Dean Winchester into his life.
“Yeah, enjoy the show tonight.” Dean said before swiftly hanging up as Cas stormed into the kitchen. “Bad day?” Dean asked Cas.
you why that was, it was because you’re my resident not because you’re a guy! My parents know about my sexuality, they met my last boyfriend and were accepting of it so it’s not about that at all. None of this is about my sexuality, it’s about my goddamn career!”
!” Castiel hissed, pushing Dean hard in the chest. “I can’t believe I actually...you fucking asshole.” he snarled, ripping his arm out the way as Dean tried to reach for it. Castiel turned on his heels, hurrying out of the ballroom.
“I’m here for you, don’t you get it?” Dean yelled, his voice echoing of the walls and sending shivers through Castiel’s whole body. “I am here for you Castiel Novak-Reeves. Here for you. It’s unfair and shitty but I am here for you.”
“Yeah I think, he mentioned something about it this morning…her name’s Ruby…something. She’s in a few of his classes’ right? I swear I listen to him but when he starts to talk about advanced geometry I tend to stop listening.” Charlie said nonchalantly pausing the DVD to carry on her conversation with Dean.
“Just eat breakfast dad.” She said while Jack handed a plate over to Cas. The twins sat down, their own plates stacked high with waffles, and exchanged smug looks.
“Oh God, I’m so sorry Castiel…could Michael-” Anna started to say until she saw Castiel wince. Spending time in an enclosed space, such as a car, with Michael was a recipe for disaster as he would no doubt ask Castiel about school which was far too painful for Castiel to handle remotely sober or without the help of caffeine. “I guess not, and Luke’s probably out of the question too?”
"He probably is in his own fucked up way but the stupid bastard is too stunted to say it," Dean said though his voice sounded sad. "Come on, all this talk isn't getting this dance sorted."
“Um yeah…sure…” Dean said in his low voice as he came out the room and stood in front of Castiel. Instead of the suit he’d been in the night before Dean was now in dark jeans, black t-shirt and a shirt. He looked so much more like the man Castiel had met years before. The two of them walked down to the dining room in silence but Castiel didn’t expect anything else seeing as his brain was too busy trying to come to terms with the events of the evening before.
The morning of the contemporary assessment came fast and sharp. The coffee shop was even more crowded that morning as every senior dancer filled up on much-needed caffeine. The air was heavy with nerves and competition. Once their warm-up was done Naomi called out each individual dancer. When she called out MEg's name, Cas reached over to give her a comforting squeeze of the shoulder and mouthed 'Good luck'. Meg just smirked back. She had got this.
"Normal people Skype and you can't see my judging looks via texts so shut up." Sam said with one of his patented bitchy looks. The damn kid had been perfecting those since he was about six years old.
for Christ’s sake so why was he incapable of sitting through one meal without acting like a stammering
“Shit, that’s all we need,” Castiel muttered looking practically green. Dean grabbed two trauma gowns and handed one to Cas. The worried look in Castel’s eyes sent waves of fear through Dean but he knew both of them had to quash those worries for the sake of the patient. “Right, everyone needs to follow me into the trauma room, if you’re told to stay out the way then you have to do so,” Cas called out to the interns.
“Uncle Gabriel told me and made me promise to not tell dad. Apparently it’s why dad refuses to watch
"Fucking hell." Dean groaned into Cas' collarbone as the buzzer ran out again. "If that's Jo forgetting her keys again then I'm letting Sam reclaim her room. She can live in the intern’s locker room." He said clambering off Cas' lap.
“I have to go out for a while, talk to my brother and stuff.” Dean elaborated. “I won’t be too long.”
Everyone rose up out of their chairs as Dean finished his speech. His heart hammered against his chest as he sunk down into his seat. Anna was beaming at him, she was probably surprised he even finished his speech. Jo was clapping so hard it looked like she would break her wrists. During the applause, Dean searched for Cas. When their eyes met Dean nodded. They could go back, redo everything and start afresh. They could be them again.
"There was nothing that we could have done in the end. I’m realising that now. Mr Talbot's condition was severe and even the most skilled surgeon couldn’t have stopped that aneurysm from bursting. You did everything right, don't worry." Castiel said. "How did you know the patient's daughter?"
“And you?” Dean asked. Was it possible that Dean had moved closer towards Castiel? They were certainly sitting closer than they had a minute or so before. Could Castiel have done that, shrunk the space between them?
“I know but...I want to hate him so much because I was scared. I left Russia and in London, I was so scared of being who I was. I want to despise him but he’s dead. He’s dead and I should love him because …he’s my father but I don't. I’m stuck in no man’s land. Does that make sense?” Dean’s voice was wrecked, tears springing in his eyes.
It took several moments when he woke in the morning for Castiel to realise that he wasn't alone. Normally he was so unfocused in the mornings that a marching band could storm through his room and he would hardly notice so this wasn't anything new; what was new was that the person next to him was Dean Winchester. Dean's face was mashed into the pillow but his arm was splayed across Castiel's chest with the other snaked around his waist pulling him close so their chests were flushed together, Dean's skin sending warmth into Castiel's own.
“Why not exactly?” Castiel retorted arching his eyebrows. “You walk into my house in the middle of my brother’s engagement party and throw these riddles in my face expecting me to understand what it is that you are talking about when I have no idea what so ever. I want you to tell me what the hell is going on.”
It took Jo less than a day to fully move all her stuff into Dean’s apartment. Most of the old furniture had already been in her apartment when she’d moved in so she left it there and only brought her personal stuff. Thankfully Jo was one for packing light. Charlie had called in a favour from some of the nurses, apparently they all loved her, and roped several of them into helping Jo carry boxes from her car up the several flights of stairs to Dean’s apartment. Coming home to a fridge full of beer and a box of expensive doughnuts on the counter, a ‘Thank You’ gift from Jo, made Dean think that this had been the right thing to do. However it turned out that once you did something good for someone that opened the flood gates for everyone else to ask for endless favours. If one more person asked Dean to do something for them he was going to do something so monumentally catastrophic that Dr Novak had no other choice but to kill him then use his body for medical research.
“Castiel.” Dean said as Castiel took aim. “Dude, put the gun down.” He said holding up his hands showing Castiel that he wasn’t armed with any human weapon. Castiel narrowed his eyes for a moment before lowering his gun and looking over to the woman with a frenzied look.
“If you weren’t so keen on cardio I would recommend you go into paediatrics. You’re good with young people.” Cas said fondly.
“You know, she made me adjust her make up three times.” Jess, Sam’s fiancée, said as she walked up to Dean. The makeup artists were always on hand for emergency lip gloss application. “And she keeps making eyes at Sam.”
Dad, people expect me to be there. It’s an important party!” Jess whined. She really should have learnt by now that whining wasn’t a way to win over their father.
Anna’s words were still ringing in Castiel’s that evening when he was sat in the Winchester’s dining room eating dinner. Charlie had kept up most of the conversation with talk of Boston as she was going to look at the Harvard campus with Mary within the next few weeks. After the dinner, which featured questionable looking mashed potatoes courtesy of Charlie, Sam, Dean and Charlie set themselves up in the den with several Batman DVDs while Castiel snuck into the kitchen. Mary was washing up when he walked in and, when Mary looked over to the door, she gave him a warm smile.
“Sam, I spend enough time making jokes about your brother’s fondness for dick. I might be a ball buster but I don’t have any of my own. We’ve already covered that my vagina is a majestic masterpiece. Now get out of here. If any of you are hungover tomorrow I’m killing you.” Josie said, waving her hand to dismiss everyone.
Cas fired back before throwing his phone in the general direction of Dean’s bedside table. He heard it clatter next to the lamp.
“What? Oh…yeah. I mean the cafeteria kind of intimidates me plus I sort of don’t have anywhere to sit…Dean’s gotten to know some of the guys from the football team and, sort of, become friends with them and I’m not insane enough to even attempt to sit at the same table as a bunch of cheerleaders. I like my self-esteem thank you very much plus I’d have nothing to talk to them about.” Charlie said nodding at her brown paper bag. “I’d rather eat in here; study books don’t judge you for eating a cheese burger.” Charlie added. There was such a sad look in Charlie’s eyes that without even thinking about it Castiel sat down opposite her and pulled out his sketch pad. “What are you doing?”
“Can you guarantee that it won’t end in a fight?” Cas asked. He turned back to Dean, raising an eyebrow as he grabbed his discarded underwear from the night before. Dean let out a groan and ran his hands over his face.
“And that, our little dancing monkeys, is what we call ballet.” He said with a wide smile on his face. Cas looked over at Dean who simply stared back with a look of utter awe. Cas caught his breath and took his place back next to Dean.
“Dean, I think we both know that your job is far more interesting than mine. I talk about budgets all day while you-”
The past two years had been a surreal blur. Back when he moved from Connecticut to Chicago, Dean had been filled with loss and fear of the unknown. He'd just broken up with Michael and was moving to a city he'd never been to, he had been starting his internship and saying goodbye to Sam as he moved out to California. The move to Baltimore had been completely different. Sure he was feeling the loss of leaving Jo and his other friends behind and there were the nerves of being a first-year resident but he'd had Cas by his side.
“You should see the tape from Studio A,” Gabriel said to Anna. He suddenly looked a lot more alive. “It is fascinating.”
“I will,” Michael said with a smile. “I know you two were always at each other’s throats at school but you were still friends.”
Castiel gently ran his hands over Dean’s skin making goosebumps appear despite the warmth of the room.
The man was lying on the floor, his eyes closed and breathing laboured. Endless cuts and bruises, scars and burns littered his skin which was stretched over bone and muscle, any fat that had been on his body had been stolen during his time in Hell. Dean's grace was practically screaming as he draw closer to the man, everything inside of him knew that saving this man was the right thing to do despite what Raphael and the other angels believed. Reaching out to grip onto the man’s arm Dean knew that the consequences would be dammed. Castiel Novak was saved. Now the hard part began.
"Ok...you're still in detention right?" Jo asked as her eyes flicked towards Dean who seemed very determined to not look anywhere that wasn't the ground or his shoes.
"Only because you asked so nicely." Cas said, finally getting out of the small bed. Before he could get dressed in his clothes from the night before Dean handed Cas a pair of loose running shorts, t-shirt and hoodie. Cas looked down at the clothes with a confused look.
“I guess I don’t talk about it that much, it’s not that much of a big deal,” Dean said shrugging his shoulders.
“I don’t need your approval over this Raphael; I saved Castiel Novak instead of just waiting around like everyone else in this damn place.” Dean shot back instantly regretting once Raphael’s eyes narrowed. The archangel could kill him with one snap of his fingers, both of them knew that, but Dean still stood his ground despite Raphael’s palpable anger.
“What’s going on here Cas?” A quiet voice asked from the doorway. Castiel jumped ever so at the voice but calmed down when he realised it was his twin brother.
Cas watched him go with a sad look, knowing just how much he’d miss Dean even if it was only a few days.
The decor was like the rest of the house; classic and clean in a way that screamed wealth. A bookshelf was full of titles ranging from classics to recent releases Dean had seen his read and on a desk there sat a huge Mac that lit up with life when Dean wiggled the cursor. Knowing he would sleep anytime soon, anytime in the next six months at least, Dean sat down on the plush beige chair in front of the desk and got to work.
“What, as opposed to you who was only there because you’re a complete jerk?” Sam asked. Dean turned to whack his brother again before Mary coughed loudly stopping Dean in his tracks.
"I suppose I'll always love Cas, he was my husband but he left me. He didn't want to be with me anymore. I just need to move on."
“No, I mean it, Dean. I’m not going to sit around and listen to your relationship bullshit when there’s no real problem apart from you dicking about. Sure Cas might have to move to Maryland but is that really going make you break up with him? You love him, you really freaking love him and it’s obvious whenever anyone sees you two together because you look at him like he hung the freaking moon.”
“So Hester is having a party this evening, it would be really nice if you could make it," Hael said.
"Dean, I don't say that to make you feel guilty. We broke up for the right reasons. The distance would have broken is up in the end so don't feel guilty at all." Michael said in that firm voice he'd used so often in the past when Bela had said something incredibly snarky. "I'm glad that you're happy."
“Want to talk about it?” Castiel asked, rummaging around in his jacket pockets and pulling out a pack of cigarettes.
“The shit has hit the fan.” Gabe said, appearing as if out of no one. Sam looked across the dancefloor just in time to see Castiel Milton hightailing it out the ballroom, Dean hot on his heels with a horrified look on his face. Michael Donner stood in the middle of the ballroom looking furious.
With a comforting smile, Cas pulled Dean in for a deeper kiss. They only parted when the announcer said that Dean’s flight would be boarding soon.
"So if we want more information we're going to have to ask Jo, rumor has it she danced with him back in the day. Old family friends apparently. I can’t believe she never told us she knows Mary Winchester. Apparently, Bela knows Dean as well, he was at the Royal at the same time as she was,"
“Yes, but this is more interesting than chaining myself to a tree.” Cas said, he even glanced down to take in Dean’s body.
"I'm so proud of you," Cas said sleepily as he nuzzled up to Dean once they were both clean. The air was heavy and Dean revelled in the feeling of it being just the two of them, it was as if they were the only two in the little world they shared in the apartment. "So proud."
"Well fuck you, because it's too late." Dean said turning away from Cas and heading towards the kitchen door.
Opening the door that lead up to the roof, Dean took the stairs two steps at a time. Out on the roof, the Chicago wind was even more fierce but it wasn't strong enough to warrant going back down into the packed out apartment. The sooner he was away from the apartment the better. He couldn’t stand and watch as Cas talked to some random nurse or have Jo making obvious remarks or pitying faces at him.
"The only thing holding me back is Ruby then I realised I shouldn't think of her as holding me back because she's my wife. Then that got me thinking even more of the shit she's put me and the whole family through, especially you and then-"
"Some of Meg's friends were picking on Charlie and she could have handled it herself but she looked really upset so I tried to help out.” Castiel explained. Dean frowned at Meg’s name and his mouth became a hard line. “Meg wasn’t involved so please don’t take it out on her.” Castiel said quickly.
“We nearly saw a fight between Hester and Meg,” Michael said. He sounded far too pleased by that. Maybe he, like Cas, was hoping that Meg would smack Hester across the back of the head.
“Look, I know you’re mad about the whole ‘putting you in lockdown’ thing but it all worked out for everyone in the end.”
"I'm not going anywhere until you right my friend and tell me what is going on." Castiel said, his gun was still raised and aimed at Dean’s chest.
“Technically it’s coffee, pie, charting and all of his gross patients for the next month,” Adam said grimacing. “If anything bowel-related explodes and weeps then I’ve got no choice but to take them. I’ll take the cookie if it’s up for grabs.” Adam added reaching for Jo’s cookie. Jo scoffed loudly and shoved nearly the whole cookie into her mouth. “You’re evil.”
of Lazarus Rising but you also went to the exact same concert as me in Portland. I...shit...Cas, I screwed up so badly but not because I lied to you and totally ruined what we had...I screwed up because I wasn’t supposed to fall in love with you but I did.”
The past eight months had been a whirlwind of change for everyone. After a lengthy discussion, it was decided that Cas and Jack would move to Kansas. The house in Washington was sold so they could buy a larger property in Lawrence. During the week Cas stayed in Washington in an apartment not far from his office and flew home on the weekends. It wasn’t the best of situations but for now, they were making it work. For now at least.
Changing quickly into his running clothes and his trainers Castiel grabbed his iPod and hurried to the kitchen to pull a bottle of water out of the fridge. He left a note on the kitchen table for whoever came home first and swiftly went out the back door and along the small path that led out his garden towards the twisting roads and woods by his house. A fine rain had started while he had been inside with Dean but that didn't matter, Castiel had run in thunderstorms before without any care so fine drizzle wouldn't harm him.
He had spent the best part of an afternoon the week prior searching for the perfect gift. He’d found a first edition selection of Charles Bukowski poems because Dean had mentioned that he loved Bukowski’s work.
but they’re book great books. Sam reads tons but it’s mainly textbooks and shit like that. Charlie and I are more into our fiction. I was the one who got her into reading all those
“Circling the drain.” Sarah said bluntly. “It's so sad. He’s a twenty-eight year old guy and he’s going die if Novak doesn’t figure out what to do.”
“If you turn on the main light I will bash your head in with my MacBook.” Kevin grumbled from under his blankets.
That was just one of the reasons why they rarely spent time together anymore. While Dean had been determined to not let things alter over time he couldn’t stop the distance that had settled between the two brothers over time. Still, Dean revelled in the moments he spent with Sam even if they were just moments spent in the car they had both grown up in.
Instead of a witty retort, Cas did one better by bringing their lips together in a deep kiss while he slid off his underwear so now he was just as naked as Dean was. The touch of skin against so much skin was making Dean’s brain short circuit in the best way possible.
"Cas wants to go to San Fran so we're heading to California after this. We'll be back in Kansas in two weeks maybe?"
“Do this until I don’t have to anymore then try to make a life for myself. I’ll probably end up hunting again, it’s the only thing I’ve ever really done and the only thing I know what to do. It’s in my blood. My mom was a hunter and so were her parents.” Dean said smiling sadly as he remembered Mary. She had been dead for so long but he could still remember her golden hair and perfect smile that so many sad she’d passed on to Dean.
“I’m sure, you were kind of a genius today so you deserve it.” Jo said. “Charlie, you up for a drink? If you’re awake that is.”
; he was someone who didn’t completely hate Castiel. He was someone who he could sit with in detention, someone who had offered his couch to Castiel when he needed it the most. Dean was something like a friend even if Castiel didn’t really agree in having friends other than Anna and that was mainly because she was more like a sister than anything else, she knew how Castiel worked whereas Dean had no clue. Dean had no idea that, thanks to Meg, Castiel was drunker now than he had been in weeks and part of the reason why he was sat outside on a cold stone step was because Castiel felt like he would end up screaming if he had to be around people like he did inside for a minute longer. Dean had no idea that Castiel constantly wanted to scream from the top of lungs just so he could feel something, feel
Feet enclosed in in running shoes hitting the chilly packed earth, twigs and fallen leaves crunched under foot and the heavy thumping of rhythmic bass and guitar; those were the only noises Castiel heard as he kept pushing himself, ignoring the burning sensation engulfing his lungs with each and every step. Despite the pain in his legs and the burning in his lungs he couldn’t stop. He had to keep running until he couldn’t feel a single thing. He’d come home from his final detention of the week but the empty house had felt too large, too hollow and after a few hours that seemed to drag Castiel knew he couldn’t stay in the house any longer. He’d grabbed his running shoes and left the house as quickly as he could.
“Look I apologise for being drunk the other night…well I apologise for being an idiot when drunk.” Castiel said. Anna may have had a point when she said, several times, that an intoxicated Castiel was, in Anna’s own words, ‘kind of an asshole’.
He had to, if he stopped to think about the possibility of anything happening to Meg then he would break down. He had to think about the performance and his chance of getting into the company.
“I really don’t care anymore Luke, the problems you have with Michael and our father are your own problems. I just want to make sure that you’re not planning on starting World War III while I’m out.”
“I’m...I’m going to the prom with Dean and he’s going to NYU.” Cas said after a beat. “You ever heard anything weirder than that?”
“Oh yeah…there’s something I want to ask but it sounds kind of weird,” Dean said leaning against the nearest filing cabinet. “So you know that Jo’s moved in with Charlie now and that’s good cause no one is stealing all the cereal anymore but I’ve sort of realised that my rent is a bitch without a roommate. I mean Jo was a pain in the ass ‘cause she left towels everywhere and deleted shows off the TiVo and don’t get me starting on those fucking bobby pins she left all over the place-”
"Cas?" Dean tried again, and again, there was no reply. The kitchen was cold and empty. No coffee mugs left out or a bowl of Cas' awful organic granola. "Cas, you here?" Dean called and yet again there came no reply. That was when he spotted what looked like files on the kitchen table. A feeling like lead settled in Dean's stomach. He looked down at the files and everything he thought he knew shifted.
"There's a character index at the end of the book, don't read just yet though 'cause of spoilers," Dean said.
"Dean, we're going to be family in a few days. You might not be legally a part of Jimmy and Anna's family anymore but to them, you're their brother. You're family. We're going to be family and is like to think you can trust me." Amelia said. "Plus we were friends before I even knew Jimmy, you introduced us." That was true. Dean knew Amelia through a mutual friend and he had set her up with Jimmy. The rest was history.
“It killed me. I was dead. I got given this option to come back and I took it. I had to. I couldn’t leave Sammy or my dad and…and it helped me find the demon who killed my mom. I didn’t want this but it was something I had to do.” Dean said.
Dean was almost scared to nod but he did so because sometimes he needed to hear guidance from his baby brother.
"Hey, sorry I'm late. This nurse had the shittiest handwriting and if I didn't track her down I might have ended up giving this patient too much medication." Dean explained as Michael rose off the bar stool fluidly. There was a slightly awkward moment when Dean wasn’t sure if he should hug Michael or not so he settled for just giving him a warm smile.
“Of all the thing you could stab in him with you could probably find something sharper than a butter knife,” Sam commented from where he was perched by the coffee machine.
“Shockingly I don’t have an agenda, I was just asking how Benny was because we’re actually friends.”
“Don’t look so shocked, I might be an ice-cold bitch, or whatever it is that you call me, but I do understand when people are pissed off. Now if you’re looking for him to try and butter him up over the whole ‘solo surgery’ gig then don’t bother. The loss today will have hit him hard. The last thing he’d want is you telling him some harrowing story about how you were some street kid from the slums of Brooklyn who magically became a doctor with a scholarship to Yale.”
“So what is his message?” Dean spat out as his patience was slowly wearing thin, and it had been incredibly thin to begin with. As the angel made to move closer towards him Dean’s shoulders, along with his wings, went rigid.
The wind was fierce up on the roof and the blades of the helicopter didn’t help matters. It caused Cas’ normally unruly to fly around almost excitedly. A coat identical to Dean’s, which had the hospital’s name and logo written on it, partially protected him from the wind and all the necessary organ retrieval equipment was ready to hand.
“You guys have birds in your control? Is that why the pigeons in New York are such assholes?” Gabriel asked walking into the room holding a giant sandwich in his hands. The desire to rip it from Gabriel’s hands and throw it in his face was unbelievable.
Later that evening, once Castiel and Jimmy were back home, Naomi announced that they were going to have a family meal. True they ate dinner together most evenings. Whenever Naomi announced that they were having a family meal it was a bit different. It mainly required everyone to dress in a suit, or in Amelia’s case a fancy dress, and sit uncomfortably for an hour.
. Cas turned around, his face a blank mask but Dean could still see all the hurt and fury in his bright blue eyes. Dean held onto him for his life as he stared beseechingly at Cas.
"You, Cas Milton, don't want a limo and cheesy music. You want a classic car and a band that can play their own instruments," Dean said knowingly.
"I'm furious but what can I do? I’m here in Kansas, my mom is in Missouri with Anna and you and your wife are in Vegas."
“Sure.” Claire said before turning back to Cas. “Dad, it’s gonna be fine. I think my dad is excited to see you. If that helps.” she said with a small smile. Cas smiled back because it didn’t matter how much Dean drove him crazy or how badly he was currently handling the situation. What mattered was that Cas was excited to see Dean too.
Cas reached for his wine all the while still frowning over the fact it was in a damn mug. Dean chuckled to himself over Cas’ irritation earning a bemused but questioning look from Cas himself. “I sometimes wonder if you’re actually real,” Dean admitted with a shake of his head.
The hours they spent texting one another, the small looks they shared when they thought Jimmy wasn’t looking. The relationship hadn’t started out in the traditional sense, they hadn’t gotten married in the traditional sense and it certainly didn’t ended the way other relationships ended. They were just Dean and Cas, two people who had fallen together, couldn’t never be just friends and whose story had never truly ended.
"Ok so if we've failed then we can become coroners or dermatologist," Jo said shakily as she looked down at her envelope.
“If everyone knew then it would defeat the idea of him being a closeted bisexual,” Cas explained. Jessica just stared back at him, looking like she’d finally learned the truth about Santa Claus or the Tooth Fairy.
Sarah of all people appeared as if out of nowhere though by the looks of it she probably wished she was still in bed.
“Best man duties beckon.” Dean said rolling his eyes at Anna. She gave him a weak smile and wish him good luck. Dean gave her a quick kiss on the cheek by way of thanks.
"What exactly would I introduce you as? Hypothetically of course." Castiel asked trying to sound casual.
“Sam please, we have to go.” Cas said pleadingly. “I can’t...I can’t marry any of those women. I can’t fake it for another day when I’m in love with Dean.” Sam’s face paled at Cas’ words.
Balthazar strode into the room along with Dean Winchester. The whole room went silent in a show of respect for Balthazar. He had been a legendary dancer for nearly twenty years before being brought on as the artistic director of Lawrence.
"Oh, I was a tumbler and was a base for stunts. That means I did tricks like back springs and caught the flyers during big stunts. It was cool and it turned out I really good at it. It kept me and Jo out of trouble and forced us to get ok grades. You had to have a 3.0 GPA to stay on the team so it helped keep my grades pretty high. Not genius Sam level but still high enough for a decent college." Dean explained and he realised he'd been talking almost non-stop for a good five minutes. "I'm talking about myself too much aren't I?" Dean asked.
"That guy is growing on me," Dean said to Cas. That beautiful smile spread across his face as they finished up their adagio. “So what do you guys normally do for lunch?” He added.
While he had been busying himself with drinking and rummaging through his bag Castiel had failed to noticed Dean working intensely on a sketch in the sketchpad in front of him. Feeling like he needed to get back to his own work Castiel placed the bottle back into his bag and tried to figure out why the sketch he’d done the day before just was not working. Just like the day before he couldn’t figure out what it was that was wrong with the sketch and ended up opening his other sketch pad, which was more of a doodle pad than anything, to the small doodles he had been doing the night before when he had still been awake at two in the morning.
"Please don't leave…it feels like you’re always going to leave." Dean mumbled again before letting out a quiet snore as he pressed his face back into the pillow. Castiel couldn’t help but lie there in shock as he watched Dean snore slightly, most of his face now obscured by his pillow. Had Dean meant to ask him not to leave, did Dean know how Castiel had just been trying to sneak out of the house? As Castiel watched Dean slip further back into a deep sleep he realised there wasn’t a lot stopping him from closing the slight space between them and kissing Dean on the lips, it really wouldn’t have taken much to just lean slightly at all. The knowledge that this was the second time in the space of a week that he’d had this thought worried Castiel so much he was sure he probably wouldn’t be slipping back off to sleep anytime soon. He reached into his pocket for his phone and quickly typed out a message to Anna. Even if she was asleep and didn’t read the message until the morning the knowledge that Castiel had text her was comforting enough.
"What, my theory on Dr Sexy? It’s kind of a given that most of the viewers are either gay men, bored housewives or medical junkies too scared of killing someone to study medicine."
“Because you’re my producer? Because you probably know a lot about me and yet I know nothing about you? Take your pick.” Castiel said.
Five minutes ago Dean had been staring at a shirtless Cas with less than wholesome thoughts and now they were going to have to fight to save a young girl’s life.
“Just answer me for Christ’s sake, who are you?” He called out. Another cold chill ran down his spine as he felt a presence within the room, almost as if the air had become heavier. Looking around yet again Castiel tried to shake off the heavy feeling until he heard footsteps coming from between two large bookcases.
“Ok so I might have sent off your stuff and an application on your behalf to MCAD but I only did it because I knew you would get in and I know you’ll be amazing there! Please don’t be angry at me, I know you’re shocked but please don’t be mad.”
"You should be kissing the ground I fucking walk on right about now Novak because if it weren't for me you'd be picking your teeth off the fucking floor." Meg said tossing her long dark hair to prove a point. For some reason Castiel’s mind went back to the time in middle when Meg was this small anti-social thing with a blonde pixie cut. She hadn’t said a word to anyone for weeks, the only noise coming from her was the music filtering out of her headphones, until she sat down next to Castiel in a history lesson, nodded at his faded Led Zeppelin shirt (which had actually been Luke’s beforehand as back in middle school Castiel had this admiration for Luke’s ‘fuck the world’ personality until it had become to grate on him) and launched into a conversation about music. The two of them had been pseudo-friends ever since then.
"Cas! Fucking hell will you please just stop?" Dean called. The dejection in his voice hit Castiel making him do just as Dean asked of him. "Please just listen to me for a at least a few seconds then you can decide if you want this to be over." Dean pleaded. "Can you do that?"
Dean muttered another swear under his breath as he stomped out the kitchen and took two steps at a time until he reached the small room he’d claimed as his own. He slammed the door behind him in an act of either teenage rebellion (heck he was still clinging to nineteen) or extreme childishness (Dean had a feeling it was sadly the latter). Part of him hoped that Sam would sneak out his room to come and see if he was ok but John had spent enough time over the past several weeks drumming it into Sam’s head that Dean was better left alone.
Looking back at the envelope he instantly recognised the handwriting of the neatly written address. Someone, who went by the name of Anna Milton, had a lot of explaining to do.
“Your moon eyes at Michael were very annoying, you only had yourself to blame.” Bela said innocently. “You should go and find the grumpy surgeon, tell him that he shouldn’t beat himself up over this too much. He seemed like the kind of person who would take this to heart, no pun intended.” Bela said reaching over to give Dean’s arm a squeeze. “I’ll see you around Dean.” She added smoothing down her clothes and giving Dean a brilliant smile. There was the Bela he’d seen so often back at school, self-assured and very for whatever was about to happen. Dean gave her a small smile in return and hurried off to find Novak.
As soon as Cas entered the room, Charlie ran up to him and pulled him into a tight hug. One that could easily break a few ribs.
“I’ve worked so hard, I’ve trained so much to become a dancer. I don’t want people to just see me as another ‘queer’ dancer.” Cas admitted.
“You’re not going to throw up. Just calm the f...hell down.” Sam said with a roll of his eyes. “At least you’re sober this time and not on a boat.”
“You should be out of here in a few weeks as long as you don’t overdo stuff. If you push yourself too hard you’re gonna crash and I mean it.”
. I'm going for a shower, tell Cas to meet me in my room in, like, fifteen minutes.” Dean said, sighing heavily because he couldn't believe he was agreeing to this.
“You’re just worried that Jo has managed to destroy every single kitchen utensil you own,” Cas said with a small chuckle. “I’ll see you at the hospital for rounds in the morning.” He added before pulling Dean into a quick but deep kiss.
"At Stanford. Studying law." Dean replied shortly. Cas sighed. "What the fuck do you want me to say Cas? Really, what am I supposed to say to you?"
"Blake seems to have a knack and a passion for neurology so she's with the Chief for the week again. Neurology is a fascinating speciality but I don’t envy Blake at all for having to work with the Chief…you didn’t hear me say that though." Cas explained as a Styrofoam cup filled with coffee.
“Look I’ve gotten a lot of shit from Jo and the others because we’re sort of friends.” Dean said turing to glare at Castiel once he’d been gowned up. “I’ve been spending the last month or so calling you a dick and nearly every other name under the sun because, to be honest, most of the time you are a huge asshole. I’ve been telling Jo that you’re actually not a bad guy once I got to know you a bit better and then you just go and snap at me after yelling at Adam. Sure he fucked up but I did fuck all to piss you off but you still snapped at me.” Dean ranted as the scrub nurse moved on to fixing Castiel’s scrub cap. Stupid bumblebee scrub cap…
"Wow, your pillow talk needs work." Cas said with a shake of his head. "Oh, and for future reference, you look hot as fuck with the glasses." Cas added with a wink. Dean made a mental note to throw his box of contact lenses away come morning.
“I just wanted to say that teaching you all this year has been a real pleasure. I know that we all had our difficulties to start with and I came across as somewhat of an asshole.”
Jo pulled a bottle of low-calorie beer from the mini-fridge next to her bed and handed it over to Cas. Meg cracked open a window, sat on the ledge and lit a cigarette. There was normally a strict No Smoking policy inside the building but most of the older students ignored this rule. Meg and Jo had taken the batteries out of their smoke alarms the year before, much to the annoyance of Charlie and Bela.
"Whoa, that sounds badass. Do you have any other siblings?" Charlie asked. Dean looked from Castiel to Charlie for a second with a confused expression seeing as Dean knew how many brothers Castiel had. Then again Dean wasn’t to know that Castiel hated talking about his brothers apart from Gabriel most of the time. Not talking about Michael or Luke was just easier in the long run.
“Um...I made you some coffee.” Jess said weakly on Sunday afternoon. She’d walked out onto the wraparound porch in search of her brother, finding him curled up on the old swing seat and purposely ignoring her.
“I worked in this small tattoo shop in Palo Alto up until a few days ago. Now I’m the proud co-owner of a store in Brooklyn. My friend Benny and I have been saving up for the past few years and we’ve finally saved up enough to get our own shop.” Dean couldn’t fight the pride in his voice when he talked about the store.
"Yeah, it was crazy. We got these stupid matching tattoos instead of rings." Dean said holding up his hand to show Amelia the simple D&C inking on his finger. He hadn't gotten it removed. He couldn't bring himself to do it. "Things were... they weren't perfect but we were happy. We made it work."
“You were thinking incredibly hard there, is everything alright?” Cas asked moving closer to Dean, a concerned look in his eyes. He placed a gentle hand on Dean’s arm and gave it a small squeeze, his thumb stroking the skin exposed by Dean’s rolled-up sleeves. “Dean?”
Hester shot her a filthy look as Jo set up her music. Cas gave Dean a knowing look. He’d danced with Jo for long enough to know that there was no way she was going down the typical route when it came to music. British pop-punk blared through the speakers and Jo began to dance. Once again with impeccable movement despite the unconventional music. Gabriel had a huge smile on his face and even Balthazar looked impressed. Naomi looked like someone had forced her to eat a lemon.
With a frown Cas glanced over to the clock on the bedside table. 5:37 am and no Dean. Still under the grips of sleep, he sluggishly rose out of his bed, pulling on the nearest item of clothing discarded on the floor. It wasn’t until he was out in the hall that Cas realised it was Dean’s Lawrence sweater. It was too big in the shoulders for Cas but he didn’t care, it smelt like a perfect mix of Dean.
fire in the shed by accident.” Claire retorted. Dean and Cas both groaned as Jack walked over to give Claire a high five.
“Wait…you’re not gonna get into trouble for this, are you? It’s not against the rules to date residents, the hospital just gets pissy over it.” Jo said looking worried as hell which was pretty dumb as she wasn’t the one freaking out over potentially losing their job. “I know I shouldn’t have said anything but it was an accident. I swear I didn’t tell anyone who would tell the chief though!” Jo added quickly.
"We broke up because I got the placement here in Illinois and he got one in London." Dean let out before he realised what he'd actually just said. He’d meant to say ‘they’ not ‘he’. Shit. He looked over to Jo who was just nodding her head. "I'm not...he...he was the first guy I dated. The only guy I've dated."
Dean pulled into the parking lot in almost next to no time. He mourned the loss of the time spent in the Impala, Cas sat next to him and talking away as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Dean wanted nothing more than to still the moments with Cas and honestly, that scared him because it meant that he wanted this last, he wanted it to become a relationship before he even knew what Cas really wanted. Yes, Cas had said he wanted Dean but what did that really mean? Did he want playful nudges while brushing teeth and teasing conversations over morning coffee? Did he really want Dean the way Dean was terrified of wanting Cas?
Two hours into the surgery and Cas had managed to find and extract the bullet from Andy’s chest but there was still a lot of bleeding. He was tempted to ignore it but Castiel constantly went on about how they should never ignore their pages. Glancing down at the screen his stomach plummeted when he saw Krissy’s name appear up on the screen. Shit, this could not be happening.
"Stop saying that Dean, you did something and you've apologised and now everyone just has to get over it. Simple as that. Don't beat yourself up over it." Charlie said giving Dean's arm a squeeze.
“Save her if you can.” Zophiel pressed. Before Dean could say another word Zophiel vanished and it were as if he had never been in the room. Dean finally looked down at the object in his hand and had to fight the strong sense to vomit when he realised what he was holding. A feather, ripped forcefully from an angel's wing, sat on his palm. It wasn't the angle that the feather was bent at or even the splattering of blood on the feather's tip that sent bile up to Dean's throat, it was the fact that he recognised the feather instantly; after all he would know the feather of a member of his own garrison anywhere.
“You’re damn lucky there then.” Jo said with a snort after she drained her own whiskey. As Dean said, the girl was small but she could pack away her booze like a pro. “So why’d you two break up?” Jo asked. “Or is that gonna need another shot?”
“So, what are you and Amelia doing for your anniversary?” Dean asked as he cradled his phone against his ear. He chucked a few more spices into the pot of chili on the stove and checked the time. Cas was due back any minute and Dean wanted to make sure their food was going to be ready soon. If Cas had a bad day at work he would need chili.
"Excuse me but I think I would know if you were here,” Jo said folding her arms across her chest. “You snore like a hog and leave a trail of clothes wherever you go!"
“Where’s Charlie?” Sam asked glancing around the car like he had just noticed that whoever ‘Charlie’ was wasn’t here.
“I guess I sometimes worry that everyone wants to see me fail.” Castiel said with a weary sigh and Dean felt nothing but empathy for the other man. The two men sat in Castiel’s office, occasionally looking out the window to the skyline below. Castiel reclined in his chair with a heavy sigh while Dean watched him. “I might not have wanted this career but it’s all that is left of my father. I can’t lose it.”
“So, did you do it last night?” Bela asked. Dean looked like he almost choked on his coffee. “The lift? You were rehearsing it last night weren’t you?” She asked, looking between the two of them.
“Of course!” Amy said. “We’re your family. Just like that band of ragamuffin dancers you love so much. You’re my son. You and Anna are my whole world and I want nothing but happiness for you."
A tingle of nerves surged through Cas for just a moment but he pulled himself together because this was important, this was one of his final chances to show Balthazar and the others how talented he was. There was no room for a freak-out. He wanted this. No, he
"So yeah... Jimmy and Amelia are my family, I feel pretty blessed every day to call them my family and I'm so grateful they found each other... someone once told me that love should shake up the stars... I believe Jimmy and Amelia have a love that can shatter the stars." Dean said, his whole body shaking as he finished.
“After everything that I’ve been through I have to give him up?” Dean asked. He could feel the rippling under his skin and slow red began to flow among the pale blue. Tessa looked at his skin and shook her head.
. I was named Castiel after the angel of Thursday. I was born on a Thursday you see and my mother was always highly interested in theology and the mysticism of angels despite never setting foot in a church in her life. She didn’t really believe in God but she loved the stories behind the Christian faith, angels especially.” Castiel heard himself begin to ramble. He was not a rambler, though he did have a smart mouth that tended to run away with itself at times, and he tended to hate people that never found the ability to shut themselves up and yet here he was sat on a stone step, cigarette in his hand and hipflask at his feet beginning to ramble to Dean Winchester. Dean Winchester with his worn leather jacket, smirking smile and talent when it came to art.
As Dean's hand slid from Castiel's hip to the waistband of his boxers Castiel's breath hitched loudly. It was like a firework had gone off in his stomach and surge of want filled his entire body. Pulling Dean closer Castiel kissed him hungrily until their chests were flush together. Castiel's hips rutted against Dean's almost frantically. With a smirk he pulled himself up until he was leaning back on his heels with ease and looking down at Dean’s face which was so full of curiosity it was almost cute. There was a flicker of apprehension behind the curiosity though Castiel knew if he gave dean the option to back out, to just lie down and go to sleep, he wouldn’t take it. This was something they both wanted even if was nervy for either of them. As Castiel lent forward to plant feather light kisses along Dean’s chest he could hear the other boy’s heartbeat, he could feel it slamming up against Dean’s chest almost comically. He gently pulled at Dean's hips until Dean wrapped his legs around Castiel's waist, Castiel’s lips ever stopping from tracing small kisses along Dean’s toned chest.
“No, only an angel blade call kill him.” Dean said. “You'll get your chance to kill him. I promise you that.”
“So he’s officially more mature than you now.” Anna said playfully. Dean took a lively swipe for her but Anna dodged out the way easily. “Watch the coffee there Winchester. I actually paid for the syrup shots in here this morning.” She said looking down at her vanilla latte. “Now children I’m required in the office, you two play nicely and I’ll see you in Algebra.” Anna said shooting Dean a smirk and Castiel a warm smile before she took off walking in the general direction of the main office.
"Fucking hell Cas..." Dean muttered with a shake of his head. Cas had been studying non-stop for weeks upon weeks and he really was the best fifth-year resident at the hospital. There was no way he could fail his boards. "You're going to be fine, great even."
"Oh please! You're either even more of a sulking sarcastic know-it-all or you’re a complete lush when you are drunk. Do you remember when you kissed a very surprised looking Jo at the last party we went to?" Anna asked snorting loudly.
“Too right kiddo,” Gabriel said before shoving a huge mouthful of potatoes into his mouth. Amy and Richard just rolled their eyes at Gabriel's table manners.
"It's no good; no matter what you do we will eventually win. You think we don’t know what’s going on up there? I may have been shunted out but I know more than you realise. Your system is broken, there is no order up there and the man you call ‘Father’…well he’s long since gone. Heaven is going to crumble into the Earth and every angel will know what it is like to walk hundreds of miles without grace, The Host or a place to call home.” Zachariah laughed between gasps of pain.
“No offence but this placed is fucked up.” Dean said unable to contain himself. The ballroom, the fancy people…damn even the wait staff made him feel uncomfortable. No wonder Castiel escaped to Boston.
"Is that what you're doing?" Castiel asked as he took a seat on the walkway next to Dean. "Drowning in self-pity?" His tone had a bitter edge to it. He was probably questioning why Dean would need self-pity when he wasn’t the one with three days to prove he deserved to live.
“How Castiel? How?” Anna simply asked. Anna’s earlier words dawned on Castiel and he couldn’t stop his brow from furrowing.
“Then why isn’t he here?” Dean asked, his voice growing loud. “Answer me that Anna. Why isn’t he here? I did
While they did so, Cas explained everyone's little quirks. Anna hated eating facing a window. Gabriel liked to have the chair that squeaked because he was secretly five years olds. Ruby liked to sit near Amy so she could ask her questions and Meg liked to always face the door for reasons Cas still didn't understand.
“Yeah, Anna I'm fine. Fucking hell, you're not going to start with the pity are you?” Dean asked groaning. He couldn't handle it if Anna started with the pity as well.
As Cas bit down on his shoulder again Dean tipped over the edge, Cas following only moments later. Dean’s rhythm slowed until he and Cas were just rocking together, the fervidity of before cooling until both were content with just
“You’re…you’re a member of The Seven?” Samandriel asked looking at Sam with awe. Sam nodded his head dourly and continued to sip on his tea. “What happened to-”
have left him.” Samandriel added sounding desperate. “I wanted him to stay with me, give up the life like I did, but he just ran…he just ran. I pleaded with him to stay.”
“She’s lucky…I mean you’re all lucky that you’re close to your siblings.” Castiel said before he could stop himself. “I mean I’m close to Gabriel but not as much as I could be. He’s funny but can be a real asshole when he wants to be. Michael and Luke…will the less said about them the better.” Castiel added with bitter muttering.
Next to him, his younger sister Anna turned and gave a beautifully excited smile. Throughout the summer all Cas had thought about was coming back to this place and starting his final year. Anna had been just as excited for her first year at the school. It had been all she could talk about while they were away in Paris.
Jo swiftly went bright red and it was clear she was all set to make another remark when Charlie poked her on the arm and nodded towards the door where Crowley and Dr Josie Sands were stood. Benny and several of the other attending doctors followed and Jo shot Dean a nervous look.
“Sucks to be you Novak.” Dean said clapping Jimmy on the back. “So… ready to get married?” He asked.
“It’s not fancy, is it? It’s not going to be a whole Gilmore Friday night dinner thing is it?” Dean asked.
“I don’t know but that was the name I heard. It makes sense though, it being the name you used to go by seeing as you saved me.” Castiel said even though his stomach felt as if it was burning with a churning nervous sensation. Dean’s fixed glare was the source of that nervous churning and it made him worry if it had been a mistake bringing up the name of Danyael. “I shouldn’t have asked about it should I?”
"Yo Sammy...Sammy's friend." Dean called at the end of the day. He was standing in the parking lot when he'd spotted his brother hurrying over to him.
Cas' hand reached for Dean's underwear but stopped just as a single finger curled around the waistband. Jesus fuck Dean was actually going to go in heart failure.
?” Sam asked, stopping when he saw the tall blonde standing by a coffee cart, her head tipped back with laughter at something her friend had said.
“I swear that show gets worse every week…” Adam muttered shaking his head. “If they’re not all shaking up with one another then they’re performing a ridiculous procedure in unrealistic situations.”
“He has all the good dirt on you though which I can use for emotional blackmail in the future,” Jo said smugly. “Look if you’re waiting for me to get pissy at you for dating our resident then you’ll be waiting a long time. You and Cas are a good team, Charlie’s always going on about it whenever people bring up Krissy Chambers, and it was obvious from the start that you liked him even if you thought he was an asshole…well he’s still an asshole but not so much anymore.”
"Try not to let the cameras hear you say that Cas, we're trying to make a show here." Dean said. "Come on, there must be one of the contestants that you could see yourself ending up with."
“I’m not finished here Cas. I am in love with you, do you hear me? I’ve only ever said that to one other person so for me it means a lot. I couldn’t tell you it before because I was scared, I was scared to tell you or even think it and I fucked up by doing that. Please just…I can’t think of what else to say or do to get you to see that I’m sorry for what I did.”
Anna, Amelia, and Ruby all made it to hometown dates along with Hannah, one of Charlie's girls. If this was any other season Dean would have been there, pretty damn thrilled that three of his girls had made it to the final four. Instead, he sat in ratty sweatpants and drank Josie’s imported beer. He just had to sit there and watch as Cas and Hannah walked hand in hand around the streets of Baltimore. Cas and Ruby exploring Los Angeles and her introducing him to her skeevy looking friends. The worst by far had been Amelia and Anna’s hometown visits. Cas won over Anna’s incredibly conservative parents and siblings in Ohio, all of them claiming that Cas was just
“You...I can go? To NYU? You’re ok with me going to school there?” Cas asked, not actually believing what his father was saying.
“I’m not taking that as a compliment Dean.” Cas said. “I really hope you get to live out your dream.” Cas said and he sounded so genuine, he really did want that for Dean. Dean wasn’t sure how it had happened but over the past few weeks, he had become friends with Cas. If he just ignored the small crush he was developing then it would be easier.
The road trip was going to be Dean, Cas, Jimmy and Dean’s younger brother Sam. Dean and Jimmy finished in the last week of May with Cas finishing a week later. On Sam’s last day of school, the three of them were going to travel to Kansas then the four were going to head off the day after.
“Do you have anything against eating burgers in your office then? I could grab some food and bring it back here.” Dean said with a smile.
"Dean should I be concerned by the half-naked woman asleep in your room?" Cas asked walking into the kitchen half an hour or so later.
“The auditions,” Meg said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. “Hester and Rachel have stuck them all over the internet. Couple of attention-seeking bitches.” She muttered darkly.
“I’m not going to punch you in the ribs again like Jo did if that’s what you’re asking,” Charlie said.
"I didn't mean that in a bad way Dean, I became enamoured with the man I met ten years ago and I was lucky enough to meet him again several months ago. I was lucky enough to fall in love with him." Castiel said cupping Dean's face to bring his back to Castiel's own.
It was at that moment Cas realised this wasn’t going to be easy. Claire and Jack knew about each other now. They’d bonded while at camp and separating them again would not only break their hearts but Cas’ as well.
“You might have known if you came to the class yesterday” Castiel shot back not actually caring if he sounded rude because the brief act of being nice to Dean by saying that he could sit next to Castiel was surely going to bite him in the ass, after all now his table was no longer empty apart from him so he couldn’t cover the table in his random crap.
“If it’s a message from Raphael I'm not putting my weapon away.” Dean spat. “So Raphael sends his little carrier pigeon down instead of giving me the message himself?” Dean asked looking Zophiel up and down.
"You have an aortic arch dissection in fifteen minutes. I didn't spend all last night reading up on the procedure to just stand around and be yelled at." Dean said not giving Cas a chance to say anything else. "I'll see you in the OR Dr Novak." He added ignoring how hurt Cas looked when Dean called him ‘Dr Novak’.
“Actually he’s smokes, wears a leather jacket, spent his first day of school in detention and drives a Chevy Impala from the 1960’s.” Castiel shot back and smirked at Gabriel’s shocked face.
“You’ll most likely find us by the dessert table.” Zachariah said giving Castiel a smile that didn’t really meet his eyes. Castiel knew what the board were all thinking, that Castiel was too young to be taking over his father’s company and that it would have been better in someone else’s hands. They were all thinking it but Castiel knew that out of respect towards his father none of the men on the board would say a thing to his face.
“Castiel? Castiel what…what’s going on? What the hell happened?” Gabriel asked trying to sit up. His face contorted with pain as he sifted in the seat, still staring up at Castiel. He glanced down and seemed to notice the dried blood that had drenched his shirt only a few hours before. “What happened Castiel?” he asked even more frantically than before.
“Cas has lived in that room for years, the lucky bastard," Bela commented. “Part of the perks of having Amy and Richard Milton as your parents,"
“Don’t just humour me, I lost my friend that night and hardly anyone would believe me. They still don’t believe me.” Castiel said sharply. "Rachel was a good friend of mine I don't appreciate people prying into what happened, especially when I get mocked for telling the truth."
"I am your resident and therefore in charge of the pages you receive. I have two words for you; infected abscess." Cas mumbled.
“I didn’t think you and I kept things from each other, not now,” Dean said. Cas sighed and gave him a pained look. “Cas, there’s a girl passed out in our room. I kind of need to know what’s going on. Not just because I’m your boyfriend but because this is kind of my room too. If she dies in here then that’s gonna look pretty shit on my end.” Dean added.
He wondered for a moment if it had ever happened before, if Dean had kissed someone he’d come to take but Castiel doubted it. Dean was so closed off, not letting people in, that Castiel couldn’t imagine him doing so. No, Dean had kissed Castiel not because Castiel was going to die but because of that one evening of history they shared.
“If Anna is looking for you then either you fucked up or another Novak fucked up so therefore you get muffins. Don’t look a free gift muffin in the mouth.” Jo said giving Castiel a patronising pat on the head.
infuriating?” Dean asked, looking highly offended. “What about the time you recorded over my Star Trek episode with a documentary on the life of Tomas Jefferson?“
“When all this is over the company is going to be split up and Hannah will end up out of a job. Zachariah dislikes her and will try to push her out the company. She doesn’t deserve that after all the hard work she’s done since starting here.” Castiel explained.
“I can’t wait.” Castiel said and he meant it, he couldn’t think of a better way to spend his last night than with the people he loved.
“I don’t know Cas, it depends on when you’re being an ass.” Dean said smirking. Castiel rolled his eyes causing Dean to smirk even more so. "The party at Meg Masters' house when you were spectacularly drunk and commented on how I could probably bench press you...the night you helped me with my portfolio...the day I saw you run for the first time; I don't know really, take your pick." Dean said. "That day though, after you punched Alistair in the face, I was so freaking angry-"
“So Cas, come and tell me all about the trip. I bet you’ve got tons of photos to show us.” Anna said excitedly. Jimmy shot Cas a warning look.
“Thanks Gabe.” Castiel said taking the water and pill from Gabriel’s hands. “I’m kind of tired so I’m going to go to bed, ok?” Castiel said. He wasn’t tired but he knew that his pills would soon make him drowsy so he wasn’t completely lying. Gabriel nodded and gave his brother a small and warm smile.
Claire and Jack raced over, hugging their dads tightly as Eileen and Sam grinned. Sneakily, Sam was already video calling Gabriel so he could witness what was about to happen.
"Thank you for that Winchester, now I'm forever going to picture you naked whenever anyone says ventricular septal defect. You're going to be the death of me one day."
“Winchester!” A deep southern voice called out making both Dean and Charlie jolt where they were stood. Dr Lafitte, Head of Trauma at the hospital, came marching down the corridor flanked by two interns, one being Ruby. “So you’re the one that called Novak out in the operatin’ room huh? That took guts man.” He said giving Dean’s hand a hearty handshake. “You need guts to work in trauma, literally sometimes, so I’m glad Novak’s given you to me for the foreseeable future.” Dean’s stomach dropped at Lafitte’s words because if Castiel Novak had handed him off to another service then it meant he was probably more pissed than he’d seemed the day before. “We like all our doctors to have trauma training here. Normally we don’t do it until they’re a first or second year resident but Novak and myself like our interns to be prepared so welcome.”
"If you ever give me a finale as good as Erica and Tyler then you can have your pick of the girls." Josie said.
“Funny you should mention batting,” Hester muttered, loud enough for only Cas and Meg to hear. She swiftly let out a loud yelp when Bela kicked her from under the table. “I’m fine.” She said through gritted teeth when her mother asked what was wrong. “Just looking at those potatoes…thank goddess I don’t eat carbs because otherwise, I’d be in real trouble.” She said slyly to Bela
The first option was that he could run; he could run and go to Minneapolis, only returning home when he really had to and remembering those few months in which he had been in love with Dean Winchester. He would eventually move away and lose contact with most of the people he had cared about because he believe he was too broken to have anyone stick around for too long.
“Yes Dean, you can take that as me saying that I will be your roommate. My place is nice but it’s small and like I said, I had been looking for somewhere a bit bigger. I like your apartment, it has character-”
"That’s right, I’m sorry I completely forgot that you moved here.” Bela said. “It’s good to see you, even under the circumstances.” She added shooting a look at the man asleep in the hospital bed.
"It's not that easy!" Castiel said pushing Dean away from him and rising from where he was sat on his bed while Dean quickly whirled up from his kneeled position.
from it. Ask Becky about her novel. You’ll need brain bleach afterwards. Possibly some hardcore therapy as well.” Dean said with a loud laugh as he and Sam climbed out of the car.
By the time Dean’s speech came around he was ready to throw up. He had never been good with public speaking and really, Jimmy should have remembered that when he asked Dean to be best man.
“Hey, I’m just checking in and seeing if you're ok.” Anna said sounding calmer than she had in weeks.
.” Anna said. “I haven’t seen or heard from Gabriel in months.” She added after a brief pause. Castiel’s blood ran cold at her words.
"What's the issue? I love you, you love me. We're not gonna fuck it up again. Let's get married." Cas said.
Dean smiled back at his mother and motioned for Cas to help him move the barre into the middle of the room. Cas smiled back, half of him just happy that Dean could make his mother smile and the other half ecstatic to be dancing alongside a woman he’d admired from a young age. The three of them got into positions and Mary gently worked them through a barre warm-up. In a soft voice, she called out various moves, from piles to grande battements. Cas marvelled at both of the Winchesters and their perfect lines.
He hadn’t even brought it up to the apartment, it was still in the glove box of the Impala. Jessica rolled her eyes and finally put the damn baseball bat down.
“No shit, you could rival the public library.” Dean said nodding at the book shelves. “Well the research library.” He added noting that most of the books were medical journals.
“No, I’m not a reporter,” Dean said hastily. “Officer Jim Stark” Dean added holding out a hand for the other man to take. John had told him to pick an inconspicuous alias and Dean assumed that many college students wouldn't spend their time watching movies from 1955.
“And…and mine?” Castiel asked intently, leaning even closer towards Dean. “Or can’t you answer that?” he added and Dean blanched for a moment.
“Yeah…Jack, how did you know that?” Claire asked. Ok, this was no longer weird. This was getting freaky.
gets to spend Christmas with you and I don't. It sucks that we’re not spending it together.” Dean commented bitterly when Cas accompanied him to JFK Airport.
“Are we going to talk about the fact that Cas is still in love with you?” Sam intoned from the back seat. Dean was tempted to stop the car and punch his brother.
"Don't give me a reason to then." Bela shot back. Dean muttered something in Russian, only loud enough for Cas to hear. "
“How did you get hold of this?” Adam asked Sam while Dean looked at his closest kin with caution. The weapons of both Heaven and Hell that the angels had tracked down were normally kept under strict guard. Sam held a lot of importance in Heaven but still getting hold of the weapon would have taken a lot
Dramatic music filled the studio. Cas suppressed a smile as rap music kicked in as Meg began to dance. A few students looked confused, probably thinking that rap didn't belong with ballet. Despite the rap music, Meg’s dance was impeccable. Every move was precise and sharp. She never strayed from the Vaganova method they were taught in. She danced with a furious dedication, her dark eyes burning with determination. Pride swelled up in Cas' chest as he watched her and how every turn or jump was perfectly executed.
“Since I pointed out he’d die before he hit sixty,” Mary said. John might have been the award winning surgeon but Mary was the one who always wore the pants in the Winchester household. “Now come on, your father looked ready to grill that poor resident of your within an inch of his life,” Mary said grabbing two of the four coffees and walking back into the living room where, sure enough, John was busy questioning Cas who seemed to be taking it all in his stride.
Over the next three days, Dean and Charlie fundamentally lived at the hospital while they waited for a viable heart for Krissy to become available. While it meant that they were never late for rounds, Dean became sick of it pretty quickly. The hospital’s food was shit and the beds were almost as bad as his crappy couch. Between rounds and checking on other patients, Dean and Charlie took it in turns to keep an eye on Krissy. She wasn’t a bad kid at all so neither of them minded this at all. In fact, she could be downright hilarious at times, mainly when doing mean but accurate impressions of the nurses on the paediatric floor.
Happy Friday! This might be my favourite chapter so far so I hope y'all love it. Chapter title comes from the song Water by Jack Garrett, which I had playing on constant repeat while writing the studio scene.
The sound of running water filled the bathroom masking the commotion just outside the door. With a wince, Dean raised his head to assess the damage. Not his first bloody nose and it probably wouldn't be his last. This was definitely the nicest bathroom he'd ever cleaned himself up in though.
“I love you too Cas.” Dean said as they staggered out of the small chapel. The late night streets were full of people, none of them seemed at all surprised by two drunk as fuck men stumbling and kissing as they made their way down the street.
Cas tried to not watch as Dean rolled out of bed, wearing nothing but a very worn The Clash t-shirt and a pair of boxers. There was no way that Cas was going to develop a crush on Dean. Not at all.
“I hate fucking legacy ballet boys and their nepotism," Meg groaned. Dean shot her a questioning look and her response was pointing over to Cas.
“Most of them do it because it seems like the ‘right thing’. Ours is doubled barrelled purely because my mother didn’t want to give up her name of Reeves when she married my father.
"Dean, I assume for the lack of profanities it wasn't Jo at the door." Cas' voice came floating down the hall and moments later Dean was joined by the man himself. Thank God he'd had the sense to button up his shirt to hide the huge hickey. Mary looked over at Cas inquisitively, clearly trying to figure out who he was as Dean tried desperately not to flush red.
“I did what I needed to do. I couldn’t leave you and Sammy.” Dean reasoned hoping that his father would accept this but he greatly doubted it. When John’s mind was made on something very little could change it.
“Cas, I’ve just found out that my brother dated a closeted bisexual Michael Donner, nothing will ever be weirder than that.” Jess said with a chuckle. “So...want to go prom outfit shopping?”
“Yeah…I know I didn’t get a main role during The Firebird because of my attitude turns," Cas quipped. “I work hard, really hard, but I’m still lucky because of my parents. Seriously, Dean, I’m happy for you about the role. You’re going to ‘dazzle’ those benefactors tonight,"
“Hey Jo.” Dean said while Castiel continued on with his task of focusing on the damn poster because there was something strangely distracting about Dean Winchester’s smirks that made Castiel feel nervous.
“I hate you and your painfully obvious logic, it’s like dating Spock.” Dean mumbled, still sounding incredibly sleepy. “I now know how Kirk felt.” He added burrowing his face into his pillow.
“I had a rough night, I can’t deal with the assholes inside today.” She said while Charlie and Bela wrinkled their noses at the smell. They soon finished their coffees and threw the cups into a nearby trash can.
“But where is the fun in that?” She asked with a huff. “Please tell that stick in the mud Anna didn’t put you up to your new found virtue.” Meg added wrinkling her nose. “If I hear you not doing anything remotely deviant then I shall be very upset Clarence my dear. You’re my favourite TV show after all.” Meg then said as she pulled her legs off Castiel’s and standing up, patting Castiel on the head as she did so. “I need to be a fabulous hostess and talk to people even if they aren’t as fun and fascinating as you. Guard my flask with your life Clarence or I shall make up a spectacularly false rumour criticising your manhood.” Castiel shook his head as he watched Meg saunter off but he kept hold of her flask because she probably would start a ‘spectacularly false rumour’ just for the hell of it.
"What story would that be sir?" Dean asked finally looking away from Cas and trying to sound as innocently casual as possible.
"And for the record I never said that you were a dumb man Dean and of course we are colleagues. You're not a child so I'm not going to treat you as such. You're going to be a resident in a year and I'm one of the people who will help make that happen and treating you like you're my inferior won't help at all." Castiel said. “I’m tough because I want you to be an extraordinary surgeon Dean.”
“The records he brought you for Christmas were lovely. It’s nice that you two are so close.” Amy said before returning to her meal.
“Then believe me.” Dean said. He finally closed the space between him and Castiel by crashing his lips to Castiel’s. Castiel sunk into the kiss and gave it everything he had left in him. He poured all the feelings he had bottled up inside of him and gave Dean everything he had. “
"Your brother and your dad will sort their shit out, don't worry." Dean said. Castiel shrugged. "Do they do this a lot?"
“Don’t say that Jo agrees with you when she’s not here to back herself up.” Anna shot back frowning slightly.
After the initial shock when she found out about Michael, Mary had been incredibly accepting of her eldest son and was heartbroken when Dean had ended things with Michael. Mary probably just wanted Dean to be happy but he found it stifling sometimes.
“Nah, let’s just live our own little bubble for a few hours longer before dragging everyone else into it,” Dean said as he pulled Cas down onto the bed and covered them both with blankets. “So fucking proud of you Cas, so proud.” He muttered. Dean nuzzled into Cas’ warm neck, revelling in the softness of Cas’ skin and how he always smelt so…well so ‘Cas’. As the two of them drifted off to sleep - with Cas taking most of the covers even with Dean so close to him - Dean realised that he was fully content with the little life he and Cas had built together. Things were good.
“When have I…actually don’t answer that,” Dean said. He knew full well that John had probably catalogued all of Dean’s ‘asshole’ moments. It probably filled half of the elder man's journal.
"Bela?" Dean asked walking into the room. Bela looked away from her father's bed to where Dean was stood. Surprise flashed across her face we she saw who was standing there.
Castiel went to bed with his arms wrapped around Dean but even with all the heat between them, all the skin on skin, he hadn't felt so alone or cold in a long time and no matter what he tried he couldn't get to sleep even with Dean next to him. He lay there until the very early hours of the morning staring up at the ceiling willing for sleep to come. Dean was gently mumbling in his sleep but Castiel could not pick out any discernable words amongst Dean’s mutterings.
It barely felt like he had any sleep before Dean was being woken up by a hand gently shaking his shoulder. Dean groaned sleepily as he opened his eyes to see Cas stood over him, dressed in just a t-shirt, jeans and a hooded jacket.
On the morning of the wedding, Dean woke at the crack of dawn. Try as he might he couldn't get back to sleep so he slowly made his way downstairs into the kitchen and made himself a cup of cocoa. Once it was made he took the cup out onto the deck and lit a cigarette. The sun just beginning to rise as he sat there, steam from his cocoa warming his face. He was so lost in his own thoughts he nearly didn’t hear the back door open.
“Dean stop and let him go.” Sam said moving to Dean’s side with swift fluidity. “Dean let him go.” Sam pressed as his fingers dug into Dean’s skin as his hand wrapped around Dean’s wrist. “
“Claire, we need to get going. It’s a long drive back to Kansas.” Dean said, sighing internally because he knew getting Claire out the damn house was going to be hard.
“Ok then, what am I supposed to be doing? Everyone else is going into surgeries and shit, where am I going?”
He was opening the back door and walking through the hallway, thinking longingly of the long shower he planned on taking, when Gabriel’s voice came filtering from someone in the house.
“Who fucking cares? This makes for good TV. The audience will hate her. It’s fantastic. Well done Winchester.” Josie said with a grin like a Cheshire cat.
“Dude, the respect I have for that woman is out of this world.” Dean said as he pulled the two of them up off the ground. “Sure, she’s scary as fuck and when I first met her I hated her but over the years I’ve really grown to respect her. She really looks out for me.”
"What? Half naked and pouring you sugar masquerading as cereal?" Castiel asked smirking and he could practically hear Dean rolling his eyes.
“Yeah I know…I know you’re sorry.” And Dean knew that Jo was, sometimes she spoke without thinking and yet she was still one of the best friends he’d had in a long time so he couldn’t hate her for her small flaws, after all, he was riddled with them. “It’s just…with the solo surgery coming up it’s just going to make things that much harder. I want people to think I’m scrubbing in on surgeries and working on good cases because I went to Yale and not because I’m with Cas.”
“God Anna, I know you’re secretly in love with me but calm yourself, this is Jimmy’s weekend.” Dean said with a chuckle.
"That's why I came here, to make all of that right. You've gotten know that by now." Cas said, stepping closer to Dean. "I wouldn't be here if I didn't care. About you... about Jimmy... about Anna. I fucked up, I fucked up so bad, and I want to make everything right again." He slowly closed the space between them and, ever so slightly, kissed Dean on the lips.
“Dean I know you think that it’s part of the reason ‘my soul isn’t strong’ or more of that bullshit but this is the job my parents wanted for me, it’s the job my father left for me.” Castiel grumbled moving away from Dean. Dean lowered his head with a heavy sigh.
“Thank you for this, it’s nice to know that there are still good people out there.” The guy said. “My name is Castiel Edlund by the way.”
"Yes I should, I flew off the handle the other week and I'm sorry that said what I did…it's just...look before you came here the only real person who I cared about was Anna. She's been my best friend since we were little and she's been there for me through everything. She sat with me for nineteen hours while I slept in the hospital after Gabriel found me. She’s been there through every tiny little thing that has gone on in my life. No one has been there like she has...until you came. You, Charlie and Sam never judged me over anything, you accepted me for being who I was and you welcomed me in." Castiel explained and thankfully Dean just sat there listening to him without interrupting. "You never ran even when I pushed you away...even when you saw..." Castiel mumbled gesturing towards his arms. "I never wanted to let you in, you see it makes it a lot harder to run if people care about you, but...but I really can't...fuck...I really can't imagine being without you now...and you know Charlie or Sam" Castiel said quickly adding the last bit on because what he was saying sounded dangerously like he was admitting deep feelings. "A year ago...I was a mess...worse than I am now. I did things I'm not proud of; I couldn't get through days without anything that would make the hopelessness I was feeling go away. I was hurting myself and everyone around me but I couldn't stop...I never want to go back to that but I could...I could do it so easily Dean and I don't want that."
?” Dean asked smirking from ear to ear as Adam rolled his eyes in a very ‘Sam-like’ manner. How he managed to do that was beyond Dean.
Waves lapped against the sand as the two men continued to walk, slowly nearing the water’s edge. They sank into the sand maybe a foot away from where the waves stopped and Dean once again marvelled over the smile that was lighting up Castiel’s face.
"Just not right now. I've gotta sort shit out, shit in my head and you're just moving back to Kansas."
“In the patient’s medical history it was written that she had a reaction the last time Polyglactin was used in a suture. Polydioxone is slightly stronger and hasn’t caused a reaction or infection.” Dean answered.
"Here’s to hoping,'' Cas said, taking a long draw of his cigarette before continuing. “You know, I saw Mary perform before she officially retired.
“She would as well,” Dean said remembering all those Christmases spent at Grandma Campbell’s when Mary used to force Dean and Sam out of their rooms and spend quality time with their grandparents.
"But I saw you. Castiel I saw you. I can't...I can't." Anna gabbled. A muffled crash came from inside the house closely followed by someone running down the staircase at full speed. Anna was pushed aside as Castiel came face to face with his youngest brother.
she was doing this as a teaching method but it didn’t stop Dean from momentarily freaking out over whether he was doing something wrong. He glanced up to the gallery where Cas was sat. Cas’ expression was calm and confident. He knew Dean could do this as they’d been over the procedure so often the night before and looked at the patient’s medical history at least ten times. Dean gave himself a moment before he took a deep breath.
“Did I interrupt a study session?” Dean asked nodding towards the textbooks. The other man nodded before throwing a few of the books into a messenger bag. Many people would have been sympathetic or offered their own stories of cram sessions but Dean felt nothing but jealousy. He had dropped out of high school so early in order to help John on hunts that he’d never really had the chance to stay up all night studying for a ‘big test’. College and living in a dorm was never on the cards for him. While this Castiel Reeves’ life would probably revolve around lectures, dorm parties and spending time with friends Dean’s life would revolve around hunting down monsters Castiel didn’t even know existed. That would be Dean’s whole life, it was after all John’s whole life, and he would probably never know anything different.
“Don’t say that to my brother, he went to film school in California and he’s freakishly fond of the place.” Dean said.
“Well what? Well what!” Anna snapped as her voice raised several octaves. “Well, how about you tell me what happened today
“One more for the road?” Sam asked picking up his half-empty beer bottle and grinned over at Dean. Sam had been staying with Dean for the past three days before he moved to college later that week. That night was probably going to be the last night Dean got to spend with his brother for a long time so they were making the most of it. Mostly with beer. Ok entirely with beer.
“Her mother made it actually.” Dean said from his seat. “They’re really close and her mom made her a lot of her clothes.”
Dean's kisses slowly trailed along Castiel's jaw and downwards until he was planting soft and light kisses on Castiel's shoulders. His heart was slamming against his chest and if Dean couldn't hear it the Castiel would have been amazed. Castiel's breath hitched momentarily as one of Dean's hands traced a small pattern on his hipbone and clearly Dean had noticed that but he chuckled into Castiel's shoulder before coming back to Castiel's lips. Castiel pushed Dean backwards until he fell onto his bed, Castiel placing a knee either side of his hips.
