“Interesting; Glass recorded his own version of this and several other songs off Bowie’s album.”
“Did you go to the police about them?”
“I want to learn read book. Johnny read. I want to know what book is.”
John frowned at this.
“Oh!” Fawnlock gasped. It was like a book, but spoken. He could make it start and stop, and make it go backwards, and presumably, forwards. He grinned broadly.
The strangest thing had been what had happened with John’s head. Of course Sherlock knew the theory behind chakras and the absurd concept of “awakening the kundalini” that all massage therapists talked about. But he could not deny that when he held his hands on the crown of John’s head, he felt a sensation in his fingers; a kind of tingling. The (tiny) fanciful part of his brain fashioned it into the idea that he had felt energy there, coming from John. Derisible, of course. But even when he had held his hands slightly away, with no physical contact, he had still felt the sensation. It vanished when he stepped away.
“You tit, you did this on purpose.”
“It’s the latest foodie trend, and this is a foodie town. It’s in
“What does it feel like I’m doing?” He dragged his lower teeth lightly up a path along Sherlock’s sternum before pressing his tongue into the suprasternal notch and probing around here and there.
“Not all girls swallow, Johnny. But I think it completes things, don’t you?”
“Let’s just ‘air dry’ like that guy in that sports agent movie,” John suggested. Sherlock gave him a puzzled look.
And say what?
...and the elevator bell...and the wind...and your voice...and then, nothing.”
“I’d like you to keep the cock ring on until we’re fucking, so that you can feel what it’s like to come with someone inside you. Are you okay with all that?”
John stared at her in astonishment for a moment; then he was horrified to feel tears fill his eyes. Molly took his hand and squeezed it.
Sherlock took a deep breath.
“This is the vena cava, and if we open it up…” Molly sliced very precisely and delicately, “...you can see the sinoatrial node. That’s what regulates the heartbeat. The hypothalamus, in the brain, sends the signal to this nerve bundle, and that causes the rest of the heart to beat.” She glanced up to see Fawnlock looking lost. It was a new look on him, one that gave her a touch of confidence.
“Nonsense. After ten seconds you won’t notice.” Sherlock pulled John’s hand away and commenced a very thorough, tongue-y kiss. Sherlock was right; after about ten seconds, all John could taste was the two of them, and he supposed that was true for Sherlock as well, who tasted not-morning-ish at all anyway, since he hadn’t slept.
“I suggest we return to the room for some John-centric pampering.”
Sherlock lost track of how long he kept this up, which was unusual. Strange, like losing track of the massage. He was adept at knowing the passing of time regardless of what was happening. When he finally thought of stopping, he realized his voice was hoarse, and John’s head was drooping forward and soft snores were coming from him. Sherlock grinned broadly. It was high praise when someone new to meditation became so relaxed that they could fall asleep. As gently as he could, he pulled his hands from under John’s and tried to tilt him back onto the pillows, but John woke with a start.
Molly blinked.
Moosecroft grabbed his arm and dragged him away. His grip was hard enough to leave bruises that would last for two weeks, visible even beneath his fine fur. Fawnlock was furious; he’d never had the chance to observe a forest fire.
“John, John...do that again, please, John, now, again…”
“Leave it. It’s ruined now and we don’t know if that’s beer or something less palatable.” Sherlock knew it wasn’t actually ruined, but it was deactivated enough to need some time with rice to dry out, and the point wasn’t to ruin the phone but to leave it behind. John wouldn’t know the difference.
“John, I hate to tell you this, but I think you accidentally meditated.”
“Of course not. You need to talk to John.”
“All right, this is my toy bag. Let’s see if anything in here interests you.”
He moved his fingertips to the sides and very, very lightly applied a little pressure.
“Well, come on then!” Felix said in a seductive, surprisingly British accent.
, we will go to
Then he moved to his trouser button, and they both stopped smiling. He continued to watch John, whose mouth had fallen slightly open, as he unzipped and palmed himself through his black silk pants, grinding into his own hand. John groaned. Good.
Fawnlock stared at him.
Fawnlock did not hesitate. “You use your powers, whatever they are, to protect Johnny Watson.”
Fawnlock watched Johnny sleep every night through his window, bewildered.
has created a podfic of this work as well! They were very considerate and asked for
“Would you like to read a book?”
“No sex, I understand. What would you like me to wear?”
As Maureen was leaving, Sherlock stopped her and gently kissed her on the cheek.
I know what these two will get up to but they often have their own plans...)
“Shh, shh…” he comforted, using his clean hand to rub John’s thigh. “You’re not quite open enough, darling. Let me open you. Relax and enjoy it, just think about how you’re tied to the bed—” He felt his second finger slip in a little. “—and how you’ve let my
“Oh stop, this is magnificent.”
“And yet you are certain he hates you.”
John blinked.
“But—I was getting hard! So, I was consenting, right?”
“Bear in mind that I am looking at you upside-down; it’s all uncanny valley at this angle anyway.”
= You! explain this to me. I need to understand how to use [it]
. Check them out!
“Sherlock. Is Mycroft watching us right now?”
John looked up from where they had rolled together on the bed with a smile. “Right now, yes it does, because it means I get to keep going.”
Inspired by
“This isn’t customary behavior for one of my clients.”
“Oh! What are grits?”
“How did you manage that?”
“Oh, listen! I think this is from
“I’M FUCKING READY!”
“You are a sight.”
John peered around Sherlock’s shoulder and sure enough, he spotted a glint of light in a window up and across from their room.
“Are you any good?”
“Of course, it’s usually pretty quiet down here. But if he hasn’t worked with chemicals before, shouldn’t I help him?”
“You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to. But I’ve heard it all, and I’m here to listen, if you think it would help.”
“And they had all this old shit on the jukebox, old eighties shit. It was marvellous. I loved this song. Why is she giving anybody fish? No one knows!”
“It would be my pleasure.”
The sour berries are
“I’m just saying, I’m not getting any younger.” The bravado was so false that Sherlock winced.
The Welcome Home is a real place, as is Hot Cookie (the hole-in-the-wall cookie shop).
“This is a tape recording of the book. You can listen to it as you read along.” The book man stood up, walked around the table-thing, and reached towards Fawnlock’s head, who immediately jerked back.
This is the chapter where Sherlock remembers some bad things that happened to him. It's in the past, it's hinted at, and we don't see exact details, but if this type of thing bothers you, I recommend skipping this chapter. You can leave me a comment or contact me at the email address in my profile and I can send you a version of this chapter without the bad bits.
“Oh god yes. Pollinate me, Sherlock.”
“That bothered you, but you’re not having any symptoms of a panic attack. Interesting.”
Molly didn’t look up. She didn’t know how to deal with Fawnlock. He came to the lab
“You want me to prove you have a urethra?”
“John, did I not give you the earthquake safety lecture when you arrived?”
“It doesn’t work...until it does.”
He felt the deer boy’s chin resting on his shoulder. When the next lighting flash came, he glanced over and saw that the exotic green eyes were shut tight, and when the darkness reigned again and the thunder rolled away, he could hear soft snores next to his ear.
“Clearly you called me to ask for
“Yes, I’m very interesting, Sherlock. Glad I can entertain you.” As John ripped open a new tea bag—”Awake” flavor didn’t seem very apropos, so he selected a “Zen” flavor—Sherlock’s words finally sunk in.
He looked at her calmly until she relented.
“John!” a high voice squealed.
One evening, Moosecroft caught up with Fawnlock hidden in the trees near a wide stream. Across the stream, a campsite had gone up in flames. Fawnlock was watching the trees catch and burn with fascination. He observed how the wind helped the sparks move, and he was cataloguing how the fire was beginning to create its own wind: a self-sustaining system.
Molly had helped Sherlock discover that, unexpectedly, if he concentrated on being aware of the existence of his hair follicles, it was an immediate grounding technique. It was a somatic awareness that could pull him out of an anxiety spiral any time. It didn’t lead to instant meditation, but it was a good start and sometimes helped when he was having trouble clearing the busy thoughts.
“That quickly?”
“Johnny, things are going to be a little tight around here. Mrs. Hudson, bless her heart, said she’d give me a ride to the ranger station ‘til we can get a used car or maybe a scooter or something. But we can’t replace the computer, you’ll have to use the one in school. And there’s something else.” His father took a deep breath.
“Thanks, no, we’re fine for now, thanks very much,” Greg said quickly, so she shrugged slightly and left them.
Sherlock twisted around to see what John was up to.
“You don’t hit a two-year-old.” Tears started streaming down his cheeks. “I only heard about it when I got back, y’know? There I was, could hardly walk, couldn’t move my arm, could barely even fucking
“Again,
“Now I’ll begin massaging you lightly to wake up the muscles. Nothing should hurt at this point; let me know if anything does.” He began touching John’s back more firmly, pressing down a little and moving his hands in slow circles.
“Yes, John, I think that was probably predictable, don’t you?”
“John!” he whispered, and he ran after his friend.
Sherlock had lasted a year and a half before he had been unceremoniously “excused” from Cambridge and had turned his sights to Parliament, where Mycroft had been busily nosing about. It had taken but a few days before he had uncovered the animosity between Mycroft and Moriarty, though he hadn’t bothered digging deeply enough to find out why the feud existed. (By the time he did find out, it was far too late.) It was obvious what would irritate his brother the most; conveniently, it was also obvious what Moriarty wanted the most. He had slid into a booth next to Moriarty in an elegant restaurant one night, dressed in his most form-fitting black suit, a hair-thin silver chain around his neck, subtle eyeliner and barely there lip gloss adorning his face.
John folded his arms and stared out the window. His adrenaline was running high, and being stuck in the car, sitting still, was doing nothing to alleviate his extreme readiness to do
Fawnlock stepped out and slowly unwound his scarf.
Sherlock grinned.
(Yes, this story has been on hiatus due to real-life issues; I cannot promise when the next update will be, but I can assure you that it is not abandoned; the rest of the story has been outlined. Big heartfelt thanks to those readers who hang in there!)
“You have more questions.”
The music shifted to something electronic and more upbeat. John tapped his fingertips on the wheel. They started to climb into the dark hills.
, and he felt a rush of adrenaline. He yelled into the gag and bucked up as far as he could with his wrists stuck to the bed. And then an explosion of endorphins flooded his system. He had barely enough sense left to name them as endorphins before he drifted high above, seeing colours and hearing sounds over Sherlock’s beautiful, wondrous voice which was busy saying things; he couldn’t make out the words but it didn’t matter, because the tones were so amazing, so incredible that he could feed on them and live for days, for weeks on end, doing nothing but listening to Sherlock speak, sitting at his feet and kissing his fingertips and toes.
“Would you be willing?”
“John!” Sherlock shouted. “Wake up! You are in San Francisco!”
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock strode up to the reception alcove. “Is Molly in?” he asked authoritatively but at a definitely muted level of Sherlockness.
me, you unexpectedly heavy bag of gorgeous bones.”
John nodded.
John started alternating between licking the webbing and sucking on whatever toe he was near. He grinned when he saw Sherlock’s cock starting to fill out. “Now what were we supposed to be talking about? Our exit strategy?”
“Okay?”
“Fawnlock, what’s going on? What have you got under that scarf?”
“Would you recognize the creature if you saw it?”
, something happens, and we don’t get to
“Okay, that’s enough.”
It was mesmerizing. John’s expression was a combination of possessiveness and love, fierce pride and overwhelming dominance. Sherlock felt pinned by the way John was watching him. Eventually, John leaned down, still keeping eye contact, and touched his lips to Sherlock’s. Very slowly, he tilted his head to fit their mouths together, making a seal but not moving his lips. Sherlock held his breath. John breached Sherlock’s mouth with his tongue, gradually invading until Sherlock had to close his eyes.
“Oh GOD fuck Sherlock oh fuck that feels so weird and so good you’re getting the goddamn bed wet, oh oh oh lick me, don’t stop licking me, oh it’s so wet, oh god lick my balls, they’re wet and cold…”
“Okay. Do you think you could give me the earthquake lecture now?”
“I’ve had worse,” Sherlock said with a reassuring smile, but John’s expression just got darker.
I had the dig-under-the-skull therapy once. It was for an excrutiating hour. The therapist told me a long, harrowing story of his origin country—I think it was Liberia? It’s been years—to distract me from the really quite difficult pain. I wish I could remember his tale; it was intense, very personal, and I felt very honored that he shared it with me. My head felt so very light after he broke up that knot. I wish I could go see him again, some 20 years later, as I am back to daily migraines.
On the back of a postcard with a photo of the gate sign, reading “Army Foundation College Harrogate: Initial Training Group]
“Higher praise was never given to a prostitute.”
Sherlock was surprised to see that John’s eyes were wet.
“Mostly trees. We’ll stick to the coast; you can see lots of water, if you like. Rather chilly. Lots of pot growers, but we shan’t be visiting them. Plenty of people who think they are hippies, but we shan’t be visiting them either. We may spend a bit of time in the Humboldt State library.”
Sherlock growled in a frustrated tone. “John. Consider this: you can spend this week attending long-winded lectures, hearing information that you could glean from reading abstracts and news highlights in the journals in about an hour’s work, but instead have it spread out over the
He pulled off his jeans, making sure to leave on his white briefs.
“John. Oh John...John, John…”
, with the light, when a turning Muni bus nearly clipped him and honked loudly. Sherlock saw John startle and hurry across the rest of the intersection at the back of the crossing crowd. The Muni bus completed the turn and hit a cab that was stopped in the left lane. More honking ensued; the cab driver got out and started yelling at the Muni driver, who also got out, along with some of the Muni passengers. One of the passengers drew a handgun and shot into the air. Sherlock saw John stagger up against the side of the Old Navy store, and Sherlock broke into a run. When he reached John, he wrapped an arm around John’s side, holding up his other arm for a cab, which glided to a stop right in front of them on Market. He bundled John into the cab and convinced the driver to take them the mere three blocks by handing him a $100 bill and telling him to keep the change.
is, thank you.”
He’d never felt this close to anyone in his life.
: 22 MB /
: 27 MB /
Dearest Johnny:
“I listen, John, and I read.”
“The music selection is on random.”
Finally they burst into the room.
“It’s me, Mycroft.”
Pink Floyd "Shine on You Crazy Diamond (Parts I-V)"
kind of sex.”
“I shan’t be in the way,” he stated definitively and immediately came over to watch what she was doing.
“Dr Watson, I implore you. You must keep Sherlock out of London.”
Sherlock glanced up at John, then studied him more carefully.
Sherlock hummed along to the song.
Sherlock did things to his cheeks, his eyebrows, and finally his forehead. John let his eyes close and thought of nothing but the feel of fingertips caressing him. To his alarm, he felt tears prickle and seep from under his eyelids, but Sherlock made no indication that he noticed.
Harry found her lipstick and closed the medicine cabinet. She leaned her hip against the counter, amused.
“Oh, this is fantastic.”
“You know that the heart beats, right?” she said.
“Well, obviously the staff know I am no longer employed; Mycroft saw to that whether I wanted to quit or not. It was an easy guess to think I would be moving on physically. When she saw what nonsense is going on outside our door, and knowing me as she does, she could see that it was time for me to go. She knows I have no access to private transportation; therefore, she has alerted Karl, the concierge, to arrange a car for us. It will be on Mycroft’s tab, of course, but he won’t see the bill until we are well away. The St Regis will take care not to bill him for several days. She will make sure that the people to whom I am closest are available tomorrow morning so that I may say my goodbyes.”
He and his dad grew very close, though they didn’t talk much about anything other than forest skills. They could spend a whole weekend setting up a tent, tending a fire, fishing, cooking, eating, and reading with barely a dozen words between them. It was an easy, comfortable relationship.
! Afghanistan.”
No way could Johnny risk having a surprise erection in the damn gym showers.
"What?"
“We’ll take care of it. You’ll need a car, of course; I’ll let Karl know.”
“Don’t...Sherlock, I’m not…” Within moments, he was rock hard, startling himself and feeling lightheaded. “Oh. Shit. Yeah, like that.”
There was no response, so Greg pulled out the book and opened it on the small table, moving his tea out of the way. A hostess appeared beside them.
The door opened to reveal Sherlock in jeans and the shirt he’d been wearing earlier, looking fresh and awake. Low lights were on in his room.
A deep need arose in John on the heels of the wave of adrenaline.
“Are you serious?”
“What’s that?” Sherlock twisted around to look.
Inside, Sherlock was annoyed to find he felt like crying.
John was out of the car almost before it was fully stopped, dragging his makeshift first aid kit with him in the Walgreens paper bag.
As I delved into Fawnlock, I was reminded of a magical story I remember from childhood. You may want to read
“Anything that you might need during your stay. I can arrange transportation to local attractions, make dinner reservations, run errands, see to any secretarial chores you may have, wake you if you wish, provide massages, attend to sexual desires, take notes in conference sessions, see to laundry and dry cleaning, and take care of anything else that you can think of that would make your stay more pleasant.” At the end of this pronouncement, Sherlock smiled widely.
Nights of watching Johnny stare at the leaf piles, sometimes saying words, suddenly clicked in Fawnlock’s head.
“I will try not to think about what he saw this afternoon. Just call him and make sure the stream is turned off as of now.
So much for that attempt to fool the man.
Then Sherlock leaned close to John’s ear and whispered:
more negotiation than these two did—but then, these two can be absolute idiots, as we well know.
Powerful fingers began to knead the muscles in John’s upper back. Sherlock stood at the head of the table and leaned over, pressing his hands down the length of John’s torso in strong, rhythmic strokes. John could feel Sherlock’s warm thighs leaning against the top of his head. He tried not to think about what was at the apex of those thighs, separated from him only by a thin layer of cotton. The mild pain of having knuckles dig in and draw furrows on either side of his spine distracted him, and he grunted.
. Dildos, riding crops, masks, and other items, which were not immediately identifiable, lined the walls in a clean, brightly lit room. Customers milled about and murmured in low tones. The atmosphere was far from what he had ever imagined a sex shop would entail. As he looked around, he realized that the majority of the customers were female. And there were so many different types of people...chubby women in sensible clothes, androgynous punks, a stereotypically femmy gay couple—even a woman with a baby in a sling on her chest! A clerk with a bright pink crew cut, wearing a “Good Vibrations” t-shirt, was turning a large, loud vibrator on and off, demonstrating it to a goth teenager. “It’s for my girlfriend; she likes a strong sensation,” the kid was explaining.
“Here are my credentials, officer. I believe you’ll find them in order,” she said, handing over a leather document holder.
Shit. Had he hurt Sherlock? The last half hour was a blur. He remembered Sherlock feeding him. He remembered feeling foolish, then feeling aroused, then being angry beyond reason. Sherlock had just kept pushing, pushing, wanting to get in his fucking head, worse than any therapist. It was invasive; it was non-consensual. It had
Then Sherlock was buckling the cuff around his ankle, and John was
“That’s amazing!”
When he felt his mind clear, he shifted his awareness to the top of his skull and felt it buzzing. It was time. He focused his gaze on the reflection of the moon in the Contact Pool, continuing to breathe in the same slow, deliberate way. Within moments the image of the moon gave way to the face of his long-time ally, Moriarty. He was one of the Hyena People, and Moosecroft did not trust him, but he was reliable and their cause was the same.
“May I fix you a drink?”
Sherlock laughed out loud and started texting on his phone.
“It is me, Book Man. This is me.”
. Work out your problems with me.” He was staring at John with unnerving intensity. Fog was blowing past the window, and the last few rays of sunlight flickered at the sides of Sherlock’s eyes, making them seem lit from behind. It was an uncanny effect, and John felt his breath catch in his chest.
“Of course you do. But you certainly don’t like her.” It was working; he’d broken the panic attack by surprising John.
Sherlock was fully prepared to sigh heavily and protest, but then he realized that this was the first time he had heard John sing. John had a pleasant singing voice: it was somehow as inoffensive and friendly as his handshake and his smile for strangers. He sang an octave lower than Brad Delp and he was right on key.
Another nod, and he lifted slightly trembling hands and tried to repeat what he’d seen her do. Gentler on the breasts proper, and pinchier behind the nipples. He established a bit of a pulling rhythm. Christine hummed in approval and continued to push against her hand.
“I broke skin.” John touched his fingertips near the cut on Sherlock’s cheekbone, frowning.
of my needs’?”
” John moved to get out of the bed but was restrained by a tight grip on his wrist.
“So what’d he do? C’mon, Fi, you can’t just build it up like that and then not tell a girl.”
“Do you know if the creature that started it survived?”
“Do you think you meditated?”
“You can always ask me anything, John. Because I always have the right to not answer.”
“What was he wearing?”
As he crouched under the window, listening to Johnny converse with the disgusting trespasser, Fawnlock wished he had paid more attention to Moosecroft’s attempts to teach him
John bit his lip and closed his eyes, tight. His face was red.
“That I wanted to help people...which is also true, but not the whole truth.”
“What, I’m not allowed in?” she joked. Then she spied the raccoon.
“Excellent. Now. Sit up and, if you can, cross your legs like this.” Sherlock folded his legs into a very modified, easy lotus position, sitting right in front of John. John followed suit, ending up in a more modified, less-crossed version, with his bad leg sticking out rather a lot. Sherlock’s knee touched John’s more-folded one.
Next week, Lestrade hoped to tackle the benefits of the modern shower stall.
“I was well aware that my feet were being cut up; I just didn’t
John was very annoyed that he felt so warm at the praise. He was trying to be angry with Sherlock right now, not fall in love with him all over again.
. Or I’ll have to take you in.”
“I think we might need some help.” He hopped up and retrieved the somewhat damp cock strap they had used earlier. Sherlock caught sight of it and groaned.
“It is me.”
“Now, come here.” He pulled the naked John into his arms, snuggling them down under the covers. He himself now had on only black silk briefs, so there was plenty of skin contact. John sighed in relief.
John’s eyes had gone wide and dark, staring up into Sherlock’s, which were deep blue in the shadows of the curtained room. He arched his back and moaned as Sherlock pressed in a little deeper, slowly letting the stretch of just one finger take hold where nothing had penetrated in quite some time. He felt Sherlock’s thumb teasing over his ball seam and he closed his eyes tightly and whined, then opened them as Sherlock took his mouth in a thick kiss, thrusting his tongue slowly in and out of John’s mouth.
“The only way I was able to...extricate...Sherlock from the situation he was in was to get Moriarty to agree that Sherlock would never set foot in London again. Well, there were several other agreements made, but no need to go into that. If Sherlock returns, there is no way I can protect him. He will be in
“No take!”
"I think we can take two minutes to get a cup of coffee. Besides, I'm going to fall asleep on you if you don't."
(I have an amazing cousin who snagged us tickets!!!). Other than the travel gap, the every-two-weeks release plan is still my intention.
“Tell me something. What was it like, being a doctor on the front lines?”
“Yes, but that will be behind us, because the ocean is to the west of us, John. Really, do pay attention.”
“And if you finish the pre-med studies, and still want to enter this motherfucking godforsaken profession, come talk to me. And until then, get out of my face, private.” She sounded harsh, but John caught a bit of a spark in her eye, like she was looking at a kindred spirit. He smiled and stood up.
“Yes, but John, I was very, very close up.”
It’s good that you’re being nice to this Stamford boy. You always have had a good heart. You’re making us so proud, you know. I wish you could’ve gone to university like you wanted; I’ll always regret that we couldn’t give you that.
Sherlock grabbed the lube with his free hand and poured more all over his embedded fingers and John’s arse crack, slipping the second finger in further and holding it there.
The bellboy entered, hung the garment bag in a large closet, and placed the suitcase on a credenza.
“Mostly deduction, this time. Simple extrapolation of your Army background and what you were probably thinking about, combined with your sudden movement. Don’t be so awed. Ready for your ankles?”
“Hey, are you Pan?”
They drove on through the main street of Eureka, which was also still route 101. Eventually the road left the town and meandered along the bay. Then they were into another little town, and Sherlock pulled off the main road.
“Let’s see, page 267...oh, oh my, well, yes, that is indeed the male reproductive system, there,” Johnny said in a mostly even tone.
“I’ll let them know. Will you need help leaving, with all this going on?” She waved at the hallway beyond the closed door.
“How did you get that so fast?”
“Sherlock?” a voice said sharply.
“Whatever you need, John.”
Sherlock immediately reopened the door. “New imbeciles! We will be ordering a
Inspired by
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do we really need all of that?”
“Usually they are fucking me, or I am blowing them, multiple times a day. On the rare occasion of a woman client, sometimes I am fucking
“Um...someone you, uh, mate with.”
The man stood and smiled softly; he placed one hand on each of the boys’ heads and held them there for a moment. Johnny closed his eyes and felt utterly and completely loved. The man lifted his hands and stepped back; he bent down to pick up his pipe, and as he began to play, Johnny felt the weight of the entire adventure upon him. The dappled sunlight was warm, and the deer boy behind him was soft and comfortable, and he felt himself drift off into a dreamless sleep.
Sherlock grabbed onto him so hard that he felt his finger bones creak.
The policeman stopped talking as he read what was in the wallet.
The white-hot pain of the bullet piercing the front of his body and exploding out his back was surprising every time. John felt the familiar affronted anger that something had dared violate his shoulder, swiftly followed by despair as he fell on the hot sand with gunfire whizzing above his head. A strange burning smell filled his nose. He heard yelling and realized it was coming from his own throat; it sounded oddly far away. He scrabbled at the sand but could get no purchase; he tried to shift his legs, but it was as though the right one was pinned down by an immoveable weight. He looked down and saw a body lying across it. Panic set in as he realized he could not sit up without risking more injury from the active firefight. He was trapped.
ko fargau le mintu be ti do .i ba bo klama le do zdani
“I meditated?”
“Oh, I think I remember that one. Hitchcock, was it?”
“They know me,” Sherlock said with a grin as he pulled on a pair of jeans. “I tip very, very well.”
John stumbled out of bed, aiming straight for the refrigerator. He was so parched. He opened it and grabbed for the first thing he saw: a neon yellow plastic bottle that turned out to be full of Gatorade. He gulped half of it down before returning to the bed and nudging at Sherlock.
“It was hot. I mean, you know you’re going to the desert, yeah. You
, one of the closest libraries to Emery Down, where Johnny lives.
,” the deer boy murmured in a voice much like a prayer.
“...If that’s okay with you?”
“Don’t tense up. I won’t pull very far; this just eases some of the pressure between the vertebrae. An inverter table is better at working on the whole spine, but this is very good for the neck.” Slowly, he rotated John’s head a little to the right, then the left, then pulled a bit harder straight back. He eased John’s head back onto the table and then repeated the process a few times.
"Mycroft's car is
“Fear not, John; you are in good hands.” Sherlock smiled and flexed said hands, then set about pulling a table straight out of a piece of wall.
Fawnlock didn’t understand all the words, but he had picked up a lot of human-speak over the past seven years. At first he tried observing Johnny and the human who was clearly his father when they spent time at various places in the forest. But Fawnlock had been frustrated; they barely talked at all. From those interactions, he had learned “fish”, “fire”, “tent”, “water”, but not much else.
John reached behind himself and fumbled for a tissue box he knew was on the table next to his side of the bed.
“Please...come to the hotel. I think I’m dying.”
John took the hand extended and shook it, noting how it was rather larger than his and seemed to envelope his own in warmth. He looked up into blue-green eyes and blinked.
“He’s gorgeous,” whispered John.
Sherlock sighed deeply and, acting as though he had been asked to drink bleach, began to sip at it cautiously.
Sherlock grumbled as mightily as a toddler being forced to put on shoes before being allowed to go to the park.
“As soon as we’re back, we’ll get tested so we can be fluid bonded. Then we won’t have to worry about these boring interruptions.”
“Actually, yeah. I don’t suppose we have
"I don't know if it was a librarian cleaning out archives or something more sinister, but it doesn't matter now."
“Give it a try, at least.”
John gave Molly a look. “Oh, boy did I ever. I guess I was kind of...what did he call it, ‘altered’, by then? I still thought he was going to beat me or something. But he had said he would tell me everything he was going to do before he did it. And Molly, oh my god, that was maybe the best part. You know his voice?”
that was too fat, too short, and was missing its proper end-crook. Fawnlock shuddered, wondering what kind of accident must have befallen Dreadful Boy. Then Dreadful Boy parted Johnny’s artificial fur to reveal a similarly deformed
Rather predictably, John stopped moving altogether. He took a moment to settle Sherlock’s drawn-back leg atop his shoulder and rested his head against it.
“It plays when Scottie sees Madeline in the restaurant and becomes fascinated by her.”
: 12 MB /
Mum and Da
It was incredibly exciting.
John looked up, startled.
“Well, I meant how long have you, uh, Deer People been in the forest?”
John coaxed him up the bed with a beckoning hand motion. He settled Sherlock on a mound of pillows, propped himself over Sherlock’s torso—braced on hands and knees, not touching Sherlock anywhere—and simply stared at him for a while. Sherlock had never had a problem making eye contact with other people; ordinary humans were always the ones to look away first. Only Mycroft (and one other person he didn’t care to think of just then) could force him to avert his eyes. But John’s direct gaze was making him uncomfortable.
“Years,” John choked out.
“Just listen, John. Do you hear the tension, the yearning, the sadness? This movement is based on the lament of Mary.” Sherlock noticed John flinch a little at that and filed it away. Lapsed Catholicism? No, he would have seen other clues long before. A general dislike of the topic of crucifixion? Seemed too abstract, given John’s atheism. A little mystery for another time, then.
office building.
As he lay back down in his tent, he felt a strange, hollow longing behind his breastbone.
would dress in leather. Maybe
The book man smiled.
“When I started university, I immediately tried cocaine. It was a revelation. I could think once more; I could focus. I began solving crimes again; there was even a small item in the newspaper about the return of M. Sigerson. Of course he had moved to a town near Cambridge. I didn’t solve quite as many crimes, though, because I had also discovered sex.”
meant for the Council, that he could share their secret duties with an outsider...it meant that Moriarty could no longer be trusted. Possibly Adler, as well, seeing as she had participated in working with this Moran. He would have to think about what the consequences to Moriarty would be. Removing someone from the Council was very difficult and had ramifications. In the meantime, Moran would have to be contained.
Eventually Sherlock began stroking John’s hair. John had stopped crying and had resettled his face against Sherlock’s neck but showed no signs of moving, and they sat there for over an hour. The breeze quietly surrounded them with the fragrance of eucalyptus and pine trees.
“Hey, Molly. Sorry about that, he’s wiley. Have you been introduced?”
He glanced at the clock. He’d only gotten three hours of sleep this time; not nearly enough to make it through a day of conference sessions.
eager you sound, I do think we can coax a bit more out of you tonight. It’s been months, John. It’s all saved up.”
John stared at him.
“Stay
“Yes, please.” John moved his cup closer to the edge of the table; Sherlock just put his cup down in front of himself. John poured the contents of two plastic cream containers into his mug and stirred.
“Great time for some exercise!”
“Then
An agent burst into their room; clearly she had a master key.
Private John is an orderly; Fawnlock gains access to a lab.
Thanks for listening; more chapters to come as soon as I can!
When he stepped outside, he tripped on an inconveniently placed rock. When he caught himself by grabbing a bush, he was rewarded with some very angry yelling. The deer boy was gesturing wildly, and he looked down to see that he’d stepped square in the middle of a rather large pile of cherry tomatoes. He looked back up to see the deer boy place both hands on his hips and continue to make loud noises, which were clearly scolding.
“Then yeah, I think that’s probably best.”
“I...I’m not sure, exactly. It’s just so beautiful, and it’s so interesting! So many fascinating people, and the whole idea of that building being the only place left for burials in the city, and the travesty of digging all those bodies up in the 1920s to make room for lucrative real estate—”
“I see,” Lestrade said, examining the player. “You have it tuned to the talk channel. That’s not a bad idea, it must be helping you assimilate the language. Don’t suppose you’re ready to tell me where you’re from, are you?”
The arm pillow disappeared and fingers began to stroke softly through his hair, gently waking his scalp nerves.
“John. Dear, sweet, naïve John.”
John slid back down on his belly and ducked under Sherlock’s leg. Sherlock felt John pushing lightly on the back of his thigh and he pulled his knee to his chest, exposing himself completely to John’s view.
“Yeah, it's pretty cool, isn't it, even if it's ruined,” Johnny allowed. “Hey, I bet you can’t read.”
. It’s all dancing to
“Sorry.” Sherlock leaned up and kissed near each tender nub instead. Then he lay down on his side next to John and looked over at him, head propped on his elbow. His lips were red and swollen.
“Shit.”
Molly leaned uncomfortably close to John and said messily in his ear: “Mark’s a good friend; he almost never charges me for anything, so don’t sweat it. It’s all good.” She leaned back and took a good look at John. In a much lower, gentler voice, she said,
, Fawnlock said in a determined voice.
“Hang on. How do you know so much about my PTSD?”
“John,” Sherlock said patiently as he tapped at his tablet, “that was an earthquake. I said that already, please try to pay attention.”
: 25 minutes /
“This menu says that a rabbi actually inspects this restaurant to verify that it is kosher?”
“They weren’t quite up to snuff, John. I was saving you from mediocrity.”
's and my okay to do so, which of course I gave. I've only been brave enough to listen to a moment, but it sounds magnificent and it is complete. Check it out
“I’ll bring a book, and I’ll try to teach you to read, okay?”
“I. NEED. TO GET.
I:Cube "Le Dub"
John stopped sputtering and thought for a moment.
Sherlock looked as though he was daring John to do...something. To contradict him, or to shower him with platitudes, or to reject him. To tell him he was a bad person, to tell him he was wrong, to tell him this wasn’t going to work.
. You would get to feel something against your tongue, have the illusion of not having to talk, with the absolute freedom to let it fall out and say “no” or “stop” or shout at me at any moment during the proceedings.”
John brushed his teeth and washed his face before he noticed that there was utter silence in the room beyond. He wandered out, drying his face with a towel, to find Sherlock completely still on the bed, his eyes closed and his mouth shut in a thin line.
“It’s good to have friends, John. I think you’ll enjoy this.” Sherlock sent texts from his phone.
“What. What. What did he say? Did he turn you against me? Oh my God, he did...he told you that he’s smarter than me, now you want to be with
John coughed. “This really is...quite an eclectic collection Angela has, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, once we get to the bottom we should just fucking go out already. They won’t let us back in for a while and I need
"Yeah, I did, Sherlock. Can we maybe be done with this now?"
“A burger, wet fries, and a malt.”
“I’m having enough fun driving on an illogical side of the highway and trying to watch for Mycroft’s Magnificent Morons. You can take care of watching the road signs.”
far up when he’d worked between John’s buttocks. And some of the washing seemed to involve John’s mouth and not the regulation soap. Rather a lot of the washing, in fact. Soon, John had figured out how to angle the shower nozzles and had positioned Sherlock so that one water jet was trained on his anus, two were directed at different sides of his cock, one on was pounding on each of his nipples, one was aimed between his left big toe and “index” toe (who knew that was an erogenous zone?!), and John had one of Sherlock’s balls rolling in one hand and his other hand was working just behind the head of his cock, and then Sherlock was coming, hard, yelling and shooting out onto the black tile floor and John was laughing against his inner thigh, the vibrations forcing one more jerk of ejaculate out of him when he thought he was finished.
“You’re not having me on?”
Johnny and his mother were close in a different way. It seemed as though they never stopped talking. His mother had been an English major, and she taught him stories and language and how to see layers of meaning behind words. She listened carefully to the tales of his days at school and discussed the troubles of a Year 6 child as seriously as she discussed politics with her husband.
Sherlock scoffed softly. “Ambient drone. I abhor so-called ‘new age’-style music. Drone sounds are conducive to meditation, daydreaming, and in achieving an increased theta state in the frontal lobe. The artist is Robert Rich, in case you were wondering.”
Please note: this chapter has more dynamic range than other chapters--in other words, there is a wider difference between the loud bits and the quiet bits. That is on purpose because our heroes do a lot more yelling and very soft talking.
“Okay. I will,” he said, holding Sherlock’s gaze. “I will.”
“Yeah, dipshit, of course I’ve got porn. You like boys or girls more? I’ve got a lot more girls than boys, but I’ll loan you some of each. Just don’t get any of your disgusting spunk on it or I’ll beat you to a pulp.”
John stared at Sherlock for a while before finally looking down at the carpet. He simply had no answer.
Before this week, no one had ever touched John’s legs since he’d been an adult, other than a few casual brushes from a lover, or the manhandling when doctors at the hospital were testing to make sure there was no real injury associated with his limp.
Sherlock started laughing as John took off his seat belt and began to climb over the center console, reaching for the music player.
This file was created using Audacity and Steve Daulton's Noise Gate.
“That’s
He scrambled for the lube and spilled it all over his hand, getting a generous pool on the bed. He slowly slid one finger into John, who moaned and babbled a little incoherently, and he met no resistance. He tried a second finger—and John immediately clenched around him and yelped in pain.
“So I got here, and I was a bit of a mess. Lots more than coke in my system. Not by choice. Not quite sure how I ended up in the city after my brother got me to the airport. I was in this Denny’s, actually.” Sherlock coughed. “Wasn’t exactly at my best. And Molly…awkward, earnest, bashful little Molly...sat down next to me, bought me a meal and forced me to eat it, and dragged me over to the Zen Center. They gave me a bath and a place to sleep. Next day I was back on the street, shagging for drugs, but I never forgot where the Center was.”
“Mysoft.”
“We’re not just escaping from Mycroft’s agents, are we.”
It turned out that the basement window was a pull casing, and a quick jimmy with the screwdriver opened it right up.
“Is there anything unpleasant happening to you right now?”
“What’s Humboldt County?”
“Speech book!”
“You needed the sleep,” Sherlock said pointedly.
Sherlock pulled a pillow over his head. John yanked it back off. Sherlock groaned in protest.
“Mum? Who was he?”
“Originally it was a shelter for female Jewish immigrants.”
“More likely all the toes we stepped on and shins we kicked.” John laughed to himself. “God, I wonder how old Murray is doing.”
“Sherlock whatever-your-middle-name-is Holmes. Has Mycroft seen us having all this sex?!”
“I was a soldier, Sherlock. I don’t need protection.”
A woman in front of John tripped, and he automatically caught and steadied her.
“Afraid I never had the need.”
John chuckled.
, if I needed to, see, I could just let it fall out and tell him off if I needed to. Hell, I could get up and walk out the room—well, put on some trousers and walk out the room—any time I wanted. But Molly.
Sherlock set down his cup on the table next to them and clutched John’s ankles.
“Trying to change me already, John?”
“It was a perfectly reasonable reaction, John. Nothing to be embarrassed about,” drifted in from the next room.
’s music is by the incomparable Bernard Herrmann, and it makes the whole movie that much spookier (and I’m not just talking about the somewhat well-known theme song). If you haven’t seen it, I don’t want to give anything away, but if you’re in the right frame of mind to forgive any datedness, it can really hit you as very gothic and eerie and haunting. It certainly is a part of the overall feeling of San Francisco for me.
Brandi tsked appropriately.
“I’m not a
“No, I can take it.”
John thought about how Mycroft described what could happen and decided: no way would he “spit it out.”
“He took you that deep and he never Dommed before? He’d been trained then, yes?”
“Are you gloating to Mycroft?”
in my
. I mean, I don’t…” He trailed off as Sherlock put his hands on his shoulders and leaned in close to his left ear.
“I will not allow you to be killed by your insatiate curiosity, little brother.”
“Yes, John. Anything.”
“Well, one of them is one of Mycroft’s. We’d lost them at the last exit, but they’ve picked us up again.”
“It’s cruel,” Sherlock whispered. “It’s cruel. I earned this. I worked so hard to become this. I earned it. Molly showed me the way, and I fucking earned it. He had nothing to do with it. Nothing.”
isn’t so nice any more.”
“They have everything-delivery in San Francisco, but I would recommend something from our premier restaurant, Ame. Do you trust me to order for you?”
The elevator dinged in an understated way as they reached the twenty-second floor.
When the worst of the paint was off, Sherlock stood up and guided John to scoot up. He resettled behind John, wrapping his arms carefully around John’s torso, not tightly, and not around his arms. John’s breathing was more normal now, so he simply began murmuring in John’s ear:
John was staring at Sherlock.
“John, remember how I said I had an idea that I thought might be sexually viable?”
Sherlock loosened his hold and instead nuzzled again into John’s neck. He couldn’t seem to say anything else.
“We’re stopping at the chemist?”
“You have porn?”
“Yes, I like it well enough. I’ve never brought a client here. They always want to go to the famous places, like Orphan Andy’s or Moby Dick. Tedious. This is a bit understated for standard tastes.”
“Lubricant? When did you get lubricant? Ah, at the chemist! Excellent planning, John. Excellent. Excellent.” His voice dropped from a chuckle to a low rumble of praise as he coated his fingers liberally in the goo, then slid them along John’s crack, slicking the skin.
John laughed sharply.
“They’re usually used as suspension tools, not for flagellation, but yes, you have the general idea.”
Pain blossomed again on the same nipple and turned almost immediately into psychedelic pleasure. John felt his cock jerk so hard that a little pre-cum drizzled out. He wriggled his chest as best he could with his wrists pinned to the bed, hoping Sherlock would get the idea to work his other nipple.
“Sounds great. Do they do a fry-up?”
“Your phone or Mycroft’s?”
Sherlock set about laying out the feast on the coffee table, plopping cartons and paper plates, plastic forks and napkins in a chaotic jumble. He also set out six icy cold bottles of Kings Black label pilsner.
“Don’t deny it, John. It’s obvious. What I do disgusts you.”
“No harm done. Here, allow me.” Sherlock snagged it with his own chopsticks and brought it to John’s lips. John ate it from the chopsticks while gazing at Sherlock, who coughed a bit and moved his chair back to its original position.
“We were ballroom dancing with each other. Didn’t go over so well.”
, oh gods that’s the most disgusting thing I can imagine, Mycroft’s flabby white buttocks moving in—”
anything with.”
“As you wish.” And Moriarty smiled his terrifying smile. Mycroft waved a hand and watched the water cloud and then return to a calm reflective surface.
“How do you feel now?”
“We’ve...become friends, while I’ve been here in the city. We’ve become quite close, actually, and Sherlock wants to come back to London with me to continue our...acquaintance.”
“I think you’ll find, John, that whatever else we are, we are no longer strangers.”
When they arrived, John stared up at the four-story brick building.
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh, and a HUGE thank-you to the very patient folks who are following along while this is a WIP. I don't know how you do it, but your comments have been unbelievably heartening and motivating. The fact that you stuck with this through the Big Hiatus of 2014-2015 moves me in ways I cannot express. Thank you for coming along on this journey with me. Your comments and kudos are my lifeblood.
Sherlock shook his head to show John that he’d meant it as a joke.
sooner than they’ll shoot anyone that needs to be shot.”
Then she slid her hands down the front of his jumper, slowly, until she reached the hem.
“Do I?”
They had decided to walk back to the hotel, preferring to stretch their legs.  When they got back to the room, Sherlock poured John a glass of ice water.
“That was very childish, John.”
Discussing. This.”
“Hay,” the creature said. “Hay.”
There was a brief struggle. The deer boy clearly wanted to examine his find, but Johnny was insistent on reclaiming his property.
“Yes. But it’s all under
John stopped grinding.
“Why two? Won’t we be together?”
“JOHN!”
Johnny and “Dreadful Boy” were looking at
isn’t really about logic, is it?”
Mycroft quickly shut down the communication and rubbed his own head ruefully. Well, he had the agreement of three of the principles, so he could go ahead and prepare the ceremony. Tomorrow he would let his lieutenants know; they could make it work on the last night of this Moon. No use waiting any longer.
“John.”
to get my mouth on you: to lick you, to taste you. You’ll be musky, not at all like excretion but like the thick musk of testicular sweat—which, before you object, I find incredibly arousing. My face will be surrounded by your flesh; I’ll be able to pierce your most private place, rich with nerve endings, with my
“I need more advanced book,” he told the Book Man at the book building the next Saturday, without preamble.
“You could never be too much for me,” he said nonsensically. “Ugh, this carpet is scratchy as hell.”
grandparents’ stories of creatures that were half-man, half-deer in New Forest. They were part of the colourful panoply of New Forest history, a more lighthearted mythology than the reality of some of the gruesome hunts with hounds by the original landowners.
“That is up to you. We could go sightseeing; we could take in a movie at the cinema across the street; we could—”
“Here’s how the game works.”
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand again and opened the door. They ran around the corner and in the small, alley-like street, there it was. In under a minute Sherlock had beeped open the doors and they were inside.
He took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and walked in.
“It bothers me that your brother said it before we discussed it.” John deepened the kiss for a moment before switching back to tiny sucks.
“Oh, God, John,
“Get out. Get out of my room right now.”
“She’s no spawn of mine, I’ll tell you that for nothing. It’s little Johnny’s inheritance she took, the twat.” His mother clamped her hand over her mouth, and tears brimmed in her eyes.
“Sherlock...what exactly is a
“One can only hope. That’s why this is just part of the plan.”
. I’ve
“Nothing, John. Nothing is wrong. I will do my job as your
And oh,
“Kinda seems like we are, doesn’t it?”
“Yes, what did you say to him?”
I didn’t realize just how disgusting living with a bunch of other boys could be. Good job I wasn’t in boarding school! A fellow called Bill Murray bunks next to me, helps keep me sane. His brother was through here a few years ago so he knows the ins n outs. We had meatloaf tonight, but I have no idea what was in it; it surely wasn’t meat. At least there’s always pudding and it’s usually fairly decent.
“Explain what you are doing, then. Leave nothing out.”
John; I have to
“Yes, that’s the gay place you have here, isn’t it?”
John finished his first stitch.
Brandi blushed in the darkness.
They pulled up to the window and waited. And waited, and waited.
: MP3 ZIPped
“In the
John had no idea how he would enforce such a threat, but he saw Sherlock’s eyebrows crease with a concern that was incredibly satisfying.
John pulled off to lick the crown again and poked his tongue carefully into the slit, as much as he could with the condom in the way.
“We need some music,” John said, somewhat dreamily.
Sherlock came over to the sofa and knelt in front of John, shoving the coffee table out of the way.
Alarmed, and feeling somewhat ashamed at how his arousal jumped even higher at these words, Sherlock positioned himself over John’s prone form. He used his hand to slide the head of his cock up and down John’s crease.
A smile spread slowly across Christine’s face, and she dropped his fingers.
“Ah, tit for tat, eh? Why did I become a doctor...Okay, if we’re going for bald truths here, it was to get away from my sister. She went to the local college, and the only justification for me not going there as well was if I needed a school with a specialty. I liked biology, so I chose medical school.”
“Johnny.” Fawnlock pointed vaguely in the general direction of Johnny’s house, about a kilometer away in the next village over. “Blond hair. Nice smell. Lots of mating.”
Basic training is about what I expected. It’s exhausting and frustrating and the food is pants, but I think I’ll make it. The trick is just not to get upset. I get that they want to break us down and build us up again; it’s just a mind game. Nothing the drill instructor has said can compete with the things Harry used to call me, so I guess she did me a good turn, eh?
It’s been a while since I’ve been to the Columbarium—it’s a truly heart-wrenching experience, especially due to the devastation wrought by the epidemic—and I have no idea where Harvey Milk is resting now. I mean absolutely no disrespect to anyone buried there. If you can stand the emotional upheaval, it is fascinating on an historical level and beautiful on an aesthetic one, both architecturally and in arrangements of mementos left by loved ones.
. It was a primitive desire but one borne of the rational discussions they had had about their emotions, and he refused to feel guilty about it.
“Entirely.” By now, John was working on his second pint of a local brew. He took a sip and then leaned a little closer to Molly. The bar had filled up while they talked; there were couples on the dance floor, almost entirely male, writhing and grinding and laughing and kissing. He glanced over and stared for a minute, marvelling at the variety of clothing and hair styles people were sporting and the boldness of the dancing being displayed. For a moment he had a sharp pang, wishing he and Sherlock were on that floor, doing some of that dancing. He looked back at Molly, and he was sure she read his thoughts.
“Now more. More fingers. Now, John,
“‘Recticare’? John, what exactly are you planning?”
John looked up, startled. How did Sherlock
“It’s a compliment.” Sherlock indulged himself by brushing John’s hair from his forehead as he finally got John propped back against the pillows.
“I don’t want to hurt you, John,” Sherlock said seriously; nonetheless, his hands were moving restlessly over John’s buttocks, pale and faintly visible in the starlight.
“There was a sniper, John. Disguised as a homeless person, sitting in the shadows. Somehow Mycroft’s Best managed to not see him or her. Time was of the essence.”
John was panting, settling himself into a very cushy seat facing a thin balding man with red hair.
Underworld "Jumbo (Francois K & Rob Rives Remix)"
“ARGH.” John rolled off Sherlock and yanked the floor lamp over so it was safely perched above the carpet with its payload of chilled towel drips. Then he used the duvet to mop up the water from Sherlock’s crotch.
But John’s face was open. There was no judgement there; no pity. John was looking at him with eyes that had seen more than Sherlock had realized. John was looking at him with something he had never seen before: acceptance.
A stranger who felt decidedly safe.
And then Sherlock could feel John coming inside him! It was astonishing, he could actually feel the heat of John’s release—three, no
you’ve been, I have to go get ready now and try to catch as much of the rest of today’s sessions as I can.”
“It’s your town; what do you recommend?”
, he thought. Mindful of the last time he went stumbling about in a state, he climbed in and named the first place he could think of:
, Dr Watson. You must understand. This is not some lark that two lovers can ‘work around.’
“Wait a minute. That’s how long it’s been since you had sex, right?”
As for whether or not massage releases “toxins” or “stored chemicals” or anything else—I am not a doctor. I do know that I seem to like hydrating after massages. *shrug*
“WHAT?” John sat up quickly and peered at the clock on the table next to him. “Fuck! You were supposed to wake me at eight! What happened?”
As they reached the outskirts, several people crowded up against them, waving picket signs and flyers in their faces.
The moment Fawnlock was in the forest, he pulled the carryall from where he’d hidden it behind a big rock and gently laid the one shiny, colorful leaf and the bundle of bound leaves—er, the
“Some of that was the low blood sugar, but some of it, I think, is being overwhelmed from going from such an altered state back to reality too quickly. I’ll have to work on that transition. That’s on me, and I’m sorry. However, from my point of view, it seemed that overall this was mostly a success in our objectives. When you feel up to talking, I would be very interested in hearing your experience.”
The deer boy didn’t answer. His nose was twitching; he looked up, and then he plunged his hands into the bag, lifting the apple out triumphantly.
“Yes,” she said quietly.
inside you, how I’ve been licking into your body; think about how very open you are to me.”
“Sorry! I do want to, you know.”
“I was hoping for more of a respite. Hang on.” Sherlock pulled into the left-most lane and sped up to 100 miles per hour. He began to weave in and out of the overnight traffic. As the lights of another town came up, he sped off on an exit ramp, looped under the highway, and got back on going south. He took the next exit and drove west for a few minutes, then turned around and got them back on the highway going north again.
The librarian gently took the book back from Fawnlock.
John chuckled at the thorough reply. “Whatever it is, I like it.”
By the time Sherlock stood again and replenished his body gel handful, John was slumped against the wall of shower jets, cutting many of them off. Sherlock smiled fondly and helped shift him around so that he was leaning with his back against the wall. Now he repeated the process on John’s front: working on John’s arms, paying careful and detailed attention to his hands and his fingers, massaging and touching. He soaped and rubbed firmly over his chest and belly, not wanting to arouse the nipples or tickle under the arms or over the ribs.
“I cannot imagine what you are talking about.”
“Have you ever had a blowjob, Johnny?” Christine murmured as she nipped his ear.
John nuzzled his face into Sherlock’s neck.
“You don’t hit a two-year-old, Sherlock. Not even accidentally. You just don’t.”
Inspired by
He slid out the plastic chair with an unpleasant screech and sat, trying to be thankful that the food was hot, anyway. With the hospital as part of the base, the canteen stayed open round the clock. Mess was palatable, if not particularly inspiring. He was sawing through some gristly fried steak when someone sat down opposite him with an unholy clatter. There was banging and sighing and grumbling, and he looked up to see a woman in full camo glaring at her meal.
Sherlock paused. John was breathing hard; he had almost walked out at “cuffs” and “gag” and Sherlock had rushed to the “not attach” and “not tie” parts very quickly.
“Please, John,
, he thought.
The process of teaching him the mechanics of using a loo was best forgotten by all.
"My stash was gone."
John rolled off to the side, propped his head on his elbow, and watched Sherlock.
“Yeah? Well prove it to me, Watson.”
“Then it’s going to be a few days before we sleep.”
(I have an amazing cousin who snagged us tickets!!!). Other than the travel gap, the every-two-weeks release plan is still my intention.
He knew he should be able to figure this out. He was smarter than all but three other people on the planet. It was just that Moriarty...he sort of...whenever he thought about him…
What the hell. He had to try to get some more sleep.
I know very little about PTSD. Apologies if I’ve gotten it dreadfully wrong.
“This is rather nice,” John said.
“Wanna get those off, Johnny? You look like you’re about to split a seam.”
“I wish I could feel it now.”
John rolled his eyes.
The unused materials went back into the bag; John left his gloves on and gathered the bloody cotton balls and other detritus and walked across the lot to put it all in a brown trash receptacle, followed by the gloves.
“So I wrote to the police as M. Sigerson. Used a post box of a nearby town. And I was right so many times they had to start listening to me. Dropped it all when I hit puberty, though. That’s when my mind started racing; I couldn’t concentrate. I read as many books as I could; performed experiments day and night, ran for hours through the woods near our house. Nothing worked. It was unbearable; I could not stop thinking, observing, processing. Of course I was withdrawn from school. They tried therapists. They could have written
.” No human had ever said the word with such disdain.
is the Zen Center?”
“Yes, Santa Rosa, which you’d know if you paid attention to the road signs.”
Once in a while, Fawnlock moved his head up to peer in the window. He didn’t do it often, so the risk of being seen was low. His hearing was much better than a human’s, so he was still able to spy fairly effectively, even with the window was shut against the late autumn chill.
“Aw, he’s only here for a week! He ought to get to experience San Francisco just like anybody!”
“Who?” John mouthed silently at Molly, who just shook her head at John.
"Yeah."
want to do.”
Another nod.
“Need a Mycroft translation?”
“Packing. You said it’s time to go.”
Fawnlock hid in the tent during the day, burrowing under the sleeping bag, which started smelling less and less like Johnny. By the time he emerged from the tent at dusk, the pillow would be soaked with tears.
John realized that Sherlock was not taking his eyes from his own, yet they didn’t touch a piece of furniture. Sherlock even reached behind and opened the door to his room, to give them more space to dance, without breaking stride. John felt himself swept around as in a dream, held securely in the clasp of Sherlock’s arms and his warm gaze. Finally, he could take it no more and laid his head against Sherlock’s bare chest. Sherlock pulled him closer, and their naked bodies pressed together as they continued to dance, Sherlock navigating the connected rooms effortlessly.
“Oh, I must have been tired. Sorry.”
have had the hand job
Luv Johnny
“We’re coming up on a city,” John commented, seeing more and more lights.
“John?
. He remembered the feeling of John’s body protecting his mere hours earlier, and he was reminded that while John often appeared docile and domesticated, the consummate soldier lived on within him.
“Unchained Melody”
John twisted around to peer at Sherlock.
“This is sort of sweet. Very old-timey. Reminds me of songs my mum used to listen to.”
“He says you pulled the drapes!”
John watched them for a minute, then looked up at Sherlock in disbelief.
John flexed his leg a bit.
“David Bowie?”
Joaquin the Seal Person had an annoying habit of referring to the animals under his care as “children.”
“Or there’s this really long beach I can take you to; it’s quite deserted, very mysterious in the fog—”
“Sherlock, I don’t mean any offense to your religion or your spiritual belief system or whatever it is you have, but meditation just doesn’t work for me. I’ve tried, my therapist has tried, the PT centre has tried. It just doesn’t ‘take.’ It doesn’t work with my brain.”
Fawnlock looked up from where he’d been studying the sheet of letters, startled, and watched Greg sing with wide eyes. Feeling foolish, Greg sang it through twice, spotting the hostess hiding a grin behind her hand. He shot her a glare.
that was good. John had always had sensitive nipples, but his lovers had never been particularly interested in them. A good hard pinch had him bucking into Sherlock’s mouth in earnest, and Sherlock
“Yes, I know what the pain scale is, thank you, I
Headcanon shout-out to:
They scrambled back into their tiny car and pulled out of the lot just as the agents were exiting their black sedan, hollering at the bus people to move out of the way. John looked back to see one agent shake his finger at their car, and he laughed.
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
: 31 minutes /
“You controlled it somehow.” John was squirming now.
“That’s what you got out of that?”
“Moriarty. You know what we must avenge.”
John actually clasped his hands together near his heart.
Then he straightened his small shoulders, adjusted the straps of his pack, and strode forward to the woods behind the house.
. And then John started to move, and it was slippery and hot and and felt like scratching an itch he never knew he had, and John was making sounds, oh, amazing sounds, and then he was kissing Sherlock, deep tongue-filled kisses, and then he was murmuring in Sherlock’s ear:
Large, warm hands covered his whole face briefly, but before John could panic, fingertips were pulling on his cheek muscles and moving them in circles. He had to fight to heed Sherlock’s direction and not try to sculpt his features back into a non-ridiculous expression.
John decided the slow, seductive approach was out and plopped a spoonful of raspberry on one nipple. Sherlock yelped.
Lestrade was still amazed at Fawnlock’s speech. In the short span of three months, he had gone from stammering about as well as a human toddler to sounding like he had gone to the poshest boarding school and straight to uni. He had begun demanding that Lestrade bring him stacks of college-level textbooks. At first, Lestrade had not believed that the deer boy could possibly understand them; it wasn’t until he started quizzing Fawnlock (for a lark) on a chemistry text that Fawnlock proved he had absorbed and was surpassing the level of the books brought to him.
Sherlock moved back up to the head of the table, never losing touch with John’s skin.
it,” Sherlock whined.
John simultaneously ground his crotch against Sherlock’s, as he was now hovered over him on all fours, teasing him, and bit a little more on the flesh in his mouth while flicking it swiftly with his tongue.
“What’s going on? Where’s Harry?” he asked, tucking into his potatoes.
“Once I remove this antler, I shall move in. I shall require some blankets, and I would like to try out a pillow. I will need an identity so that I can obtain a library card and, presumably, some sort of access card to allow me into the lab that you are going to find me. You will need to stock vegetarian comestibles for me; Deer People do not eat meat.”
Sherlock woke with a start. He observed that he was covered in sour sweat; the tailings of a nightmare were still in his mind, fast dissolving. Something to do with Moriarty getting his hands on John. He noted the general topic of the dream and allowed it to slip away; no insights to be gained there.
“Yes I am, and I’ll thank you to keep your chopsticks to yourself.” John thwacked his own against Sherlock’s, grabbed at the cube in question, and promptly dropped it on the floor.
The Watsons lived on the edge of the New Forest National Park. Johnny often ventured a few meters in to play cars or soldiers in the pine needles and fallen leaves, and Harry went in at night, which led to great screaming rows with his mum. He wasn’t sure what she got up to that made his mum so angry, but he had found broken bottles and cigarette butts in a bit of a clearing once, so he figured that was somehow related.
“John.
After slurping up a large noodle, John at Sherlock with surprise. “This is good!”
“Did he know what he was doing?”
“What?”
“I think you’ll find that I can, John.”
“Why is this hardware shop so crowded?”
Sherlock looked straight into John’s eyes. “You’ve been back from the field, either Afghanistan or Iraq, for a little over a year. Between your night terrors and the pain from your injury, you haven’t slept more than three or four hours a night, usually interrupted, in all that time. You are running on fumes, using nerves and adrenaline to power through an ever-increasing sleep deficit and psychic exhaustion, and if you don’t change something, you are very close to a total collapse.
“Where are we? Why did you bring me here?”
He stood holding the door open, actually groaning in frustration, as she finally exited the cab and ran to catch up.
“I think I’ll take a shower and then have that beer, thanks.”
“No, I think he’s real, Mum. I think people just forgot how to see him, like he did to Mole and Rat.”
Sherlock appeared in the doorway between their rooms, holding a large leather carryall. He strode to the bed and plopped it at the end. It was heavy enough to make John bounce a bit.
“So get up already!
your mind? It usually has the opposite effect on people.”
Sherlock carefully pulled his finger from John and wiped it on the sheet. “My sincere apologies, darling. Won’t be a minute,” he said, and gave John a tender kiss. Then he stalked over to the door and opened it, absolutely naked, with a proud and jutting hard-on. John pulled up the sheet and tried not to laugh out loud as he watched the agent (who, indeed, was a different one) try not to react.
, which might be found in
“Not this human business again! I thought you’d learned! Humans are a blight on this earth; they bring nothing but pain and suffering.
“Molly told me once that in college, she and her flatmates tried to use this as background music for a dinner party. They were very serious about it--set up special scented candles, selected a pretentiously vegan menu, made sure that no one spoke throughout the meal.”
Sherlock was quiet for a bit. John stayed in position, watching patiently.
“Non-negotiable, you disgusting slob!”
! (Click for larger version)
John giggled, and then both began making really egregious porn groans.
“Seriously, John. There’s no need to worry.”
“Thank you Maureen. For everything.”
Philip Glass "Koyaanisqatsi - Cloudscape"
that it was an earthquake, and a bloody scary one, too. Are you people insane? You live out here with this sort of thing? The whole fucking building was moving!”
"I need coffee, Sherlock. Go through that Burger King drive-thru."
“Fuck right off,” John said pleasantly, strong-arming a man twice his size out of the way.
Hope your training is going well! There was a young woman who came round today, asking after you. Sandy? Do you remember her? I’d never seen her, but then you never did bring your girlfriends around to meet us, did you? Said she’d like to see you when you get home. I told her I didn’t know when that would be.
It took only three more strokes until John was sobbing: “I’m coming, Sherlock, I’m coming, oh fucking god I’m coming I’m coming I’m coming…”
“And hello to you too! Wow, your speech is much clearer.”
A half-hour later, the small dining table was laden with a meal that smelled mouthwatering. Sherlock named the offerings as he uncovered them:
Continued warnings for fictional characters having underage sex.
Sherlock grabbed John and kissed him, hard.
The elevator dinged. The still-standing agent whipped around, aiming his gun at the elevator doors; the paramedics and agents in the elevator came out guns first. Both sides sighed at seeing each other and lowered their weapons. The paramedics immediately gathered up the downed agents and pulled them into the elevator, accompanied by the able-bodied agent, who left with a hangdog expression. The second elevator dinged, and three more agents stepped out, weapons drawn but not aimed, and somewhat cautiously entered the hallway. Now there were five very conspicuous agents positioned next to the suite doors and along the hallway. Sherlock groaned and retreated back into the room.
“Waste of time!” yelled Fawnlock back, munching on a handful of dry granola. He picked out a raisin and tried it separately, considering and then nodding to himself before tipping the rest of the handful into his mouth (mostly). A small circle of dropped granola was growing around him on the floor.
Sherlock turned around, prowled over to the bed, pulled down the sheets, and positioned himself with a knee on either side of John’s hips, hands on the headboard.
“How long has it been since someone held you?” he asked gently.
The song shifted again.
Once the table was cleared, John stretched and sighed with satisfaction. “I think I’ll retire now; it’s been a long day.”
“I don’t need this, John, and for God’s sake, it’s
“Take me to The Stud.”
“What—John—”
“You saw something out of the corner of your eye—a shadow, a glint of light where there shouldn’t have been one, a movement of air that was wrong.”
John blushed again. “Yeah. Those. And. Um. That worked pretty well. And then he put some kind of bitey thing on them.”
“Okay.” Still too many language gaps, obviously. “I picked out another book, hoping you’d come back! It’s a step up from the children’s books. It’s appropriate for young adults like yourself. It’s called ‘The Wind in the Door,’ and it has an audio track as well. Shall I put the tape in for you?”
“Shit, I’m sorry,” he said as he released his grip, “oh god that feels so fucking good oh my fucking god oh I’m floating, Sherlock, I’m floating.”
“More coffee?” the server asked.
“Orange, apple, or cranberry?”
“I think this is kind of pretty. Besides, he’s gay, right? We should like him in solidarity.”
, when had that happened? He mopped up the mess.
“Beg your pardon?”
Inspired by
an epilogue. It is also not written yet, and I'm job hunting, so have patience and have faith...it's a'comin', I promise.
“So selfless!” John got up and opened the freezer, pulling out the dessert.
“Ask for what you want, John,” Sherlock said softly.
“As my brother’s significant other, you are now under the same protection as him. As I said, it is imperative that he not come back to London. I have taken the liberty of cancelling your return plane tickets. You may stay indefinitely at the St Regis until you decide where you want to go; your stay and all amenities are paid for. My brother’s stay and amenities are paid as well; it goes without saying that he is no longer ‘employed’ by the hotel.”
“Yes. Well, not since I left London. But one does not forget.”
(See the end of the chapter for
For the geography fans amongst you, I have located Johnny’s house in
“Of course you do. You have a spare bedroom that you intended to remodel into an office but never completed due to your extensive hours at the library and your propensity for watching sport on the ‘tellie’ in your little free time.”
Sherlock scoffed, changed their positions so that he was leading, began humming a waltz, and started twirling John around the room. John stared up at Sherlock, astonished. He found himself moving effortlessly, guided by Sherlock’s hands, his feet shifting in time to Sherlock’s quiet tune. He felt almost as though he was floating.
“Yes…”
Note that the "E" rating really comes into play in this chapter.
John glanced around. Other customers were taking no notice of him; a woman standing near him had strapped on some kind of harness and was holding a dildo up to her pelvis, asking her friend (partner?) if the base was wide enough. John looked down at the toy in his hand and ran a finger experimentally down the side. It was smooth, and it had a bit of give to it. He looked up at Sherlock, utterly lost.
“But I was driving!”
“There you are. Nice to see you again.”
“Good thing you weren’t hungry.”
“Fantasizing does not mean you want it to happen in real-life, non-consensually. You are not betraying anyone who had it happen to them against their will.”
“No, John, you wanted to hear it, so I’m telling it. You want to hear about the slicing? Or the breaking of already broken bones? Or how about the acid--”
“It’s always food with you, isn’t it?” Sherlock said fondly. “I’m going to feed you tonight,” he went on to declare grandly.
“We did our best, but we weren’t strong enough to cause the earthquake. We had to get help.”
“How can you tell a junkie is lying? His mouth is moving.”
This file was created using Audacity.
that.”
Hooray for my beta
“Good morning, John,” a deep voice greeted.
These were the worst cherry tomatoes he’d ever had. He looked more closely at one of the smashed ones and saw that the insides didn’t look right at all; instead of little pulpy seeds they seemed to have bigger white pips inside. They were awfully small for cherry tomatoes, too. He decided they were probably some kind of sour berry. Then he remembered his dad telling him not to eat berries in the woods without checking with him first.
on the tiny countertop.
Johnny nodded once to himself, still looking at his new, stiff Army boots, then turned and strode back to the house. He didn’t look back.
“But he got a little too full of himself. He got a taste of power and wanted to continue the scene after it was done, without getting your explicit consent, without checking to see how you felt about it.”
“Dr Watson. I’m terribly sorry; we had no idea he had access to that phone. We’re locking that down now; this call should be safe. It’s scrambled in two different ways. We’re working on finding the shooter. You are being tailed now by several agents, and there will be people stationed outside your room and outside your hotel. Some you will see, some you won’t. These people are sworn to do whatever it takes to protect the both of you.”
John slammed the door closed and ran to the driver’s side. He took off so quickly that the little car jumped as he pulled it all the way back onto the pavement. He made a U-turn, as the police officer watched with a gaping mouth, and hightailed it back to the freeway entrance.
drink it, and I don’t care that it’s blue, it’s fun.”
“Okay, John, we’ll just walk quickly and they shouldn’t bother us.” Sherlock glanced down and noticed that John looked pale and very determined. He put a steadying hand on John’s back.
“I be in this forest twenty-six, uh,
“Tedious. No, no allergies, Doctor.”
“Nothing to be done about it now, John. Finish up so we can move on.”
“Then I’ll keep doing it, shall I?”
Sherlock did not add.
“Hmm, I’ve noticed a problem with talking about it.”
He rolled off the bed and fled into the loo, closing the door too loudly.
“What—”
“I take it this is your first experience with a Companion-equipped hotel.”
“What?”
“This is a kind of...cemetery.”
John looked up at the trees, stretching so far away from their haven of headlight, and now they didn’t look quite as ominous as they had. Otherworldly, but perhaps...protective, somehow.
Fawnlock wasn’t sure what that meant, but it didn’t seem right. He picked up the book and pointed vigorously at the displayed leaves.
“Wait a minute. We’re driving way up north somewhere, just so we can fly back to San Francisco?”
“Ah, I forgot it was this time of year! You’re in for a treat, John.”
“Right.”
“It would be my pleasure.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Holmes, is it?”
“I have paperwork—”
“It was not!”
“Did you feel that?”
And then he felt warm arms around his belly again, and he began to hiccup from the sobs. There was soft murmuring in his ear, words he couldn’t understand but that sounded much like the things his mum said when he scraped a knee, a low soothing susurration that was audible even through his sobbing.
“Fawnlock? That’s an interesting name. Hello, Fawnlock. Lovely to meet you.
“That’s plenty of time. I heard his voice.”
John looked over at Sherlock for help.
Then his mum closed the door and there was a great ruckus, his father hugging him and shouting, Harry grumbling, his mum laughing. In a few moments, bread and butter and jam and a big glass of cold milk were set in front of him on the kitchen table and he began to eat, grinning, happy to be back where he belonged.
.” Sherlock had twisted around and was suddenly fully on top of John, his mouth centimetres from John’s mouth, his voice low and soft. “You are telling me that after the morning we just had, given that we are being guarded by who knows how many of Mycroft’s henchpeople from who knows how many of Mor—that
“No need to be so high and mighty, Mr. Snoot. There are plenty of things I know that you don’t.”
everything with you. Please--”
“There was no reason for it. None. I should’ve been able to…” She trailed off, looking over his shoulder at nothing.
“Are you naked in bed with a very sexy man?”
The book Lestrade loans Fawnlock is, of course,
“Here, with you,” John said dazedly.
“It’s June! Why is it so bloody cold?”
Lestrade thought briefly of
Sherlock smiled a little.
she gave the draft my blessing, so any mistakes are mine—and if the vernacular is ridiculous, know that she had NOTHING to do with it.
“I expect a result in three days,” Moosecroft said.
John shoved Sherlock up against the side of the car and attacked his mouth.
Luv, Johnny
“Now this
John did as he was asked, staring at Sherlock. Who was this man? Was this standard fare for all his clients, just another ordinary massage provided in the life of this high-class call boy? Did it mean nothing to him, less important than having breakfast in a restaurant? Sherlock returned his gaze, his eyes glittering emerald in the afternoon sun, his expression neutral.
“But I’ve had it easy. Bisexuals can ‘pass;’ they don’t have to come out, and I never have; it’s just never been necessary. But my sister. Even in this day and age, you wouldn’t believe what my sister’s gone through. Or maybe you would.” John turned to look up at Sherlock.
“No, actually. Not for over a year.”
“No, my dear, you most certainly are not.”
Fawnlock kept his word; the arsonist had survived, and Fawnlock passed the information to Moosecroft via one of his brother’s minions and thought no more about it.
"They're closed, and the special collections room isn't open to non-scholars anyway. We have to break in to get the cache."
: 23 MB /
“Nonsense. They’ll shoot
Sherlock reached down to palm John’s arse, jerking him close again. He reached between them to adjust John’s cock so it was fully upright, pushing against Sherlock’s pubic bone.
Of course, the challenge of passing as a human amongst other humans only sweetened the deal. It was something he’d been thinking about for years: if he was able to play at being human, maybe he could talk to Johnny again.
Johnny knew how to be prepared. His family had gone on a few camping trips, though they hadn’t done for a while now that Harry was such a prat. He had packed two jam sandwiches, an apple, a little bottle of juice and a bag of crisps into his backpack. He added the bird watching binoculars his gram had gotten him for his birthday and his recorder from school. He figured if he played the recorder, it might lure a pipe player out of hiding. He thought about including a jumper--they usually had jumpers when they went camping--but it was so very hot in mid-July that he couldn’t imagine needing it. He added the compass that he had snatched from the kitchen drawer, so he wouldn’t lose his way; he planned to travel as far as he had to, which might be very far indeed. At the last minute, he grabbed his new Silver Surfer comic book and pushed it in, then zipped everything up securely.
“Sorry for the mess,” John added, anticlimactically.
“Immensely.”
“N-no.”
“Good.”
Sherlock blinked. Oh.
I should be on a more regular, every two weeks (hopefully) posting schedule again.
“Yeah, I guess you can have that, it's pretty much done for now. I’ll have to get a new one...it’ll take me days to save up.”
Finally, Sherlock was able to shut the door to the room with the two agents posted on either side in the hallway. He and John looked at each other for a moment. Then they fell upon each other, kissing so messily and urgently that Sherlock cut John’s lip and John’s teeth scraped a raw spot on Sherlock’s chin. They stumbled in a tight clench until John was pressed up against the door, with Sherlock molded to him, his nose in John’s neck as he began shuddering; John assumed it was from adrenaline.
The Addler appeared to ignore him, but she knew Moriarty was very, very dangerous, and she resolved to keep all her options open.
Please see notes at the end for warnings that are slightly spoilery. Note also the Archive Warning.
“Look. I think we have to think about alternatives. Yes, I love London. But my job there is not at all important to me. You, on the other hand,
try to listen. Here, do you want to see this website? It’s very engaging. They already have 200 responses.”
Johnny sat up quickly. It was likely just a rabbit or something equally non-threatening, but his dad had taught him not to underestimate wildlife. His fire had died down, and the fog had made things rather dark. He peered into the mist.
Of course, Companions are not legal in San Francisco. Also, The St Regis is not properly in the fog zone; literary license! The room service dishes were selected from the Ame menu available at the time this was written.
“The ‘big one’? Are you saying
“Thank you, Sherlock. That was lovely.”
Sherlock smiled enigmatically at John, took his hand, and led him to the front door. Inside, it was cool and not as tranquil as John expected; the entrance hall was filled with the sounds of comings and goings, quiet greetings, office work, and low telephone conversations.
“Oh, God, John, I’m sorry!” Sherlock paused and reached under John. Upon feeling John’s weeping-wet cock, he took the time to stroke and fondle it for a few moments while John wailed in protest. Finally, he unsnapped the leather strap and John gasped. Sherlock went back to fucking, experimenting with his angle until some eloquent yelling let him know he’d found the prostate.
I haven’t been to the Zen Center. Interior completely made up from internet research. Bad author, bad!
--” John’s protest was cut off as Sherlock sunk to his knees on the grass in front of him. He felt hands expertly unbuttoning and unzipping, and then his flaccid cock was engulfed in wet warmth.
This file was created using Audacity and Steve Daulton's Noise Gate.
“Can I ask you a truly personal question?”
, then all British officials and friends of the British government are in absolute danger.”
“Am I too heavy?”
“There you are. Completely held, completely bound. You are doing so, so well, John. You are so very good at this. Do you feel how safe you are? Each limb, securely wrapped. I’ve got you; I’m taking care of you. You are entirely safe; you can let go now. These cuffs will keep you grounded; you don’t need to hold on any more.”
Sherlock started to turn away.
Sherlock hadn’t meant to say any of that. That wasn’t his standard answer for how he’d gotten into the Companion business; usually he said something much more palatable along the lines of wanting to work in the concierge business, of having excellent diplomatic skills, of enjoying meeting new people. What on earth had possessed him?
John thought.
“If you wished, you could grab hold of the headboard and spread your legs as though you were tied, but it would not be required. I would, of course, not blindfold you; we’ve already established that that is not an option. You could close your eyes if you liked and then open them at any time. If you were enjoying the cuffs, I could tie some scarves loosely around your upper thighs for more of the ersatz bondage.
“It’s brilliant in its minimalism. Glass uses layers and repetition to achieve complexity in a way that no other composer has dared in the modern age.”
This time, though, Johnny was going on a journey. With a mission. He was going to find Pan and he was certain that he would be able to remember, unlike the silly animals in the book.
: MP3 ZIPped
John swiped at his eyes with the back of his hand. Mark put the shots down in front of him and, disregarding the honor of the whiskey, John threw one back without tasting it.
Letting his gaze settle into the distance, he focused on his breath in the traditional way for the simple reason that 4 counts in, 8 counts out convinced his amygdala that he was not being chased by a tiger in the savannah but instead was safe enough to breathe slowly, and this engaged his parasympathetic nervous system, which was a calming goal of meditation.
“Come and sleep with you?”
“John!” Sherlock stuck his hand in John’s pocket, pulled out the phone, dropped it on the ground, and smashed his foot on it.
“No, no eye mask. Absolutely not.”
“What’s the charge?” Sherlock asked, utterly unruffled.
John opened his menu and looked baffled.
Sherlock went into his room, which was dimly illuminated by the lights of the city through the fog. The cameras were still active in here, so he thrust two fingers up at the nearest spycam, hoping Mycroft would see it. The curtains were open. Sherlock stood in the window, unconcerned about snipers, and verified that two,no three,--no, three guards were positioned at windows in the building across (well-hidden unless one knew where to look). He also spotted several agents posing as casual pedestrians in the street. He knew that they would be invisible to 99% of the population. He estimated that Moriarty’s people would spot two-thirds of them. Not too bad.
The touch lightened until it was just the faintest wisp of fingertips sliding over his skin. He could feel the pads of each finger swirling gently over his legs, his arms, his back, and finally his neck and scalp. He felt incredibly cared for.
“The very same. Now, quick, look up!” Sherlock stole quick looks as John’s head craned back, his mouth wide in astonishment as he watched the massive cable swoop up to the top of the tower.
I used as inspiration
When it came right down to it, all the services Sherlock had suggested were reasonable, if superfluous—it really
“Hi, it’s good to see you again!” Greg put on his warmest smile. The kid seemed incredibly nervous, but something made Greg want to open the door to reading for this shy creature from a foreign land.
“No, because…” John considered how to say this diplomatically.
“Back in our rooms. We left in rather a hurry.”
“You should know better than to make a big deal out of food to someone with an eating disorder, Doctor.”
which had been so cramped for so long. How did Johnny do it, wearing these horrible things every day? It was absolute torture.
“Gone, lad. It’s all gone.”
. They couldn’t be. There was no way that there was some species of mammal living here in New Forest that hadn’t long since been discovered and categorized by science. Was there?
John moved to lip at Sherlock’s earlobe. “I want you,” he murmured.
“Yes,” John said faintly.
“Not at all. I’m saying it was a horribly designed game.”
Spring was unfolding across England when John took a break one warm evening from his bedpan duty to stand outside the hospital, drinking a tepid tea. He could smell early-season flowers on the air and for a moment, his heart quickened as he remembered what spring was like at home. He looked up at the waning moon and thought sadly about his tent out back...about lying out there some nights when he had no visitors but had sensed a benevolent presence in the forest and had felt a longing for something unnameable. He shook his head after a few minutes. Those thoughts were best left in the past. Better get back up to his job and emptying the hazardous materials bins before they overflowed; Saturday nights were busy ones on the ward.
“You folks need any help?”
John heard Mycroft’s voice break just slightly. He wondered at Sherlock’s characterization of Mycroft as someone who hated him, who wanted nothing to do with him. It seemed clear that Mycroft loved Sherlock as passionately as one brother could love another.
“Yes,” he hissed, his lips centimetres from John’s, “I will. And you will like it.”
“How about your house? Anyone home?”
Greg laughed sharply. “He’s been talking about nothing but this for weeks. You’re a good egg to let him in here. Don’t be afraid to scold him, he’s a klutz.”
The house was nowhere to be seen.
“No shirt.”
The deer boy frowned a bit, but Johnny went back to the cave, grabbed his open and empty bag, and strode out into the forest. He had no idea which direction to go, but the most important direction at the moment was
“That shirt’s too tight for you.”
“There have been more than 1600 suicides off this bridge. They have tried various solutions, but people leap off on average about one a week. The Coast Guard station at the north end has to come fish them out.”
“I...suppose so, if you really want to.”
With a deep sigh, John began clambering over, feeling clumsy. As he turned, Sherlock held a thick towel, folded lengthwise, near his hip and draped it over his groin as he settled onto his back.
“We’ll start in your legs.”
John looked at Sherlock’s outstretched hand, trying to think.
John lowered his voice conspiratorially. “How did you get off the cocaine?”
Sherlock. As a doctor, it seemed he had some ideas of intimate places that needed washing that even Sherlock hadn’t known about. He had Sherlock bending and twisting and lifting his legs and moving his arms this way and that. It wasn’t unpleasant, but it was a bit weird, and before long he had Sherlock laughing.
“I’m hungry, Sherlock. And you need to eat.”
Grabbing John’s hand, Sherlock ducked into a staff hallway. They ended up in the break room behind the reception desk.
John wiggled to adjust himself until he was straddling Sherlock, his groin pressed firmly against Sherlock’s. Sherlock felt John’s burgeoning erection pressing against his trouser front and put a broad hand warmly against John’s back, pulling him even closer. John hummed appreciatively into Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock reached below John’s pelvis, and John cried out as warm hands moved around his aching penis. Sherlock efficiently wrapped and snapped the leather cock ring; he chuckled as he felt a spurt of hot wetness soak the pillow, a last bit of pre-ejaculate before John’s cock was locked down.
“I love you too, Sherlock.”
“Librarian: now you know I am Deer Person, what you do?”
This was all delivered at a speed that John had only heard when Harry was drinking Raging Bulls.
to eliminate the need for difficult-to-read translation. (Well, it will in some places. And not in others. I’m fickle.)
“Working hard to meditate is somewhat counterproductive.”
Fawnlock interrupted his musing. “When the other antler is off, I am coming to live in town,” he announced grandly.
Brian Eno & Harold Budd "Against the Sky"
Then he dared to reach down, past Sherlock’s coccyx, to cup Sherlock’s arse cheeks briefly; shyly, he moved his hands back up. Sherlock let go of John and pushed John’s hands back down, and John squeezed taut buttocks and felt his cock become fully erect, bucking up against the soft skin of Sherlock’s balls.
Here’s where I got the idea of legs on the bus:
John came away from the door and sat on the very edge of the side of the bed furthest from Sherlock, listening intently.
“You look like a right tart, Harry. It’s getting out of hand.”
This file was created using Audacity and Steve Daulton's Noise Gate.
Fawnlock whipped around and fixed a glare on her. “I may not have done the practice, but I am fully versed in the theory and correct procedures. I need freedom to run my experiments.”
Loud scoffing commenced.
“I bet he—or she—wouldn’t have made it to tonight without you though, eh?” he said quietly.
“I was
“Okay, ‘forest’, so, uh, I’m off.” Johnny shuffled his foot in the grass. “Shit, this feels stupid,” he added
“For what?”
: 27 MB /
“The soap is getting in my eyes.”
“Would you like to watch a movie?”
Well, shit. Sherlock had known this was coming; he’d just hoped it would be in a somewhat more neutral setting.
John took the phone out of Sherlock’s hands, thankful it was already unlocked. He navigated to the contacts screen and found “Mycroft Holmes”. Shrugging, he just used Sherlock’s phone to make the call. Then he extricated himself from the suddenly clingy and very unhelpful, moaning, limp form of a lover, leaving him writhing in agony on the bed. He had to go into Sherlock’s room to hear himself think.
Jumhūriyyat al-‘Irāq is the Romanized Arabic name for Iraq, according to
“For me, it means that I’m pretty much planning to spend the rest of my life with you.”
Okay, so that would be a checkmark in the “good” category. He recaptured Sherlock’s length in his hot mouth and set to sucking again, stroking against both his balls now, rolling them carefully, pressing up between them to rub at the very base of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock was moaning continuously now, writhing but being careful to keep his pelvis still so that John could keep performing his magic.
“Are you sure it’s ok if he works in here? He can be a right pillock, actually, but he’s bright and needs something to occupy his mind.”
“What do you mean?”
already you histrionic scarecrow!” John grabbed the now-pacing Sherlock and pushed him back down on the bed, clambering on top of him and kissing him quiet. Sherlock eagerly kissed back, and soon the frantic, manic kisses settled into slower, deeper kisses, which led to Sherlock starting to rut slowly against John until John pulled back with a groan.
...And so on, as loudly and raunchily as they could think of, while shampooing each other’s hair and rinsing out. The whole effect was rather ruined, if indeed it had any effect at all out in the hallway, by them collapsing in giggles as Sherlock turned off the taps. They tried to dry each other off at the same time, which was a horrible disaster.
“Oh. Oh! Here, let me.” Sherlock activated the boring, overhead shower fixture. “Close your eyes and tilt your head back.” He pulled it out of the wall and angled it to spray the bubbles back from John’s face; then, shielding John’s eyes with his hand, he continued to rinse John’s hair until the water ran soap-free.
“You weren’t thinking. That was the first time you haven’t thought before you acted since you came here. It was magnificent.” Sherlock bounced back into bed, sitting next to him cross-legged. John realized that Sherlock was wearing jeans.
“Keep rubbing my feet, though?”
“We’ve been on the run for 20 minutes and you’ve already injured yourself. I have no idea what we are facing, I don’t have my doctor’s kit
John’s fingers grew tighter around the steering wheel. He was starting to think of Clara and little Geraldine. Did they need him? Was Harry bothering them? Who would take care of them if he wasn’t there? He thought about his boss, Sarah, and what she would say if she knew he had not only ignored the conference but taken off for parts unknown with no plan to return. What was he doing? Could he truly throw away everything he’d built since he was shot?
“Absolutely,” Sherlock confirmed.
“Ah ha!” He held up a small white device. “Tunes!” He fiddled with a cable and managed to plug it in. “Let’s see what Angela listens to.”
“Well, I suppose it does make it stand out at that.”
Translations:
“Because sometimes longing is too painful...as Mr Grahame said, the little animals needed to go back to their lives and be happy.”
“We have a perfectly good kettle right here, I’m going to make us some tea, no need to be calling room service.”
. It’s time for us to leave.”
The first girl to come to Johnny’s tent invited herself.
“We are
“Enough!” Sherlock switched the radio off. From the corner of his eye, he saw John staring at him.
“What promise?” John’s head was spinning.
, please for the love of god--yes, yes, just like that, oh fuck, no, harder, harder! Oh holy saint Mary yes, fuck me goddamn it...make me yours again…”
This file was created using Audacity and Steve Daulton's Noise Gate.
John tried to smother a laugh.
“I, I was wondering if you could. Um.”
He drank some more ale pensively.
“I...I think I want to try this subspace thing of yours.”
“Too much?”
Halifa dramatically rubbed her ears, pulling them forward, and Mika laughed, making the images ripple again on Mycroft’s Pool.
For long minutes, Sherlock continued to rub and move muscles all over John’s body, and he began to drift again, floating on the soft low music and the overall tingle of having been touched continuously for longer than he could ever remember.
Fawnlock stared and willed himself not to feel, just to take in data, as Dreadful Boy moved his hand to rub at the artificial fur outside Johnny’s
“Off?” she suggested. She helped him pull it over his head, and he tossed it in a corner. They continued kissing, and she began to unbutton her blouse. Johnny broke off the kiss and sat back a little to watch in the dim light. Christine gazed at him steadily as she pulled the blouse off and reached back to unfasten her bra. As her breasts tumbled out of the satiny cups, Johnny bit his lower lip and held his breath.
“How do you feel?,” he asked quietly.
Inspired by
“Very nice, John.”
: MP3 ZIPped
“Of course. I was wondering when we were going to deal with the fires.” Moriarty giggled, and Mycroft hid a wince.
“...not dangerous.”
John looked at him and nodded, fresh tears leaking from his eyes. He wiped them away angrily.
“You had another nightmare. I am going to get you a glass of water. Try to breathe more slowly.”
“Should we?”
What else would John let him do?
“Yeah, so, I’m going to be gone for a long time, maybe forever. I dunno. Just...y’know...um, don’t do anything bad to the house or the garden, yeah? My folks don’t have much any more. I mean, like, even less than they used to.”
Also, credit goes to my partner R for help in coming up with Mycroft's ritual, and to
“Oh shut up,” John griped.
“Hold on.” John gestured at Sherlock with his chopsticks. “You stopped a cocaine addiction by simply meditating?”
Sherlock sighed. “In the tub and in the bed. All right? I’m here, and I want to help. You’ve been carrying too heavy a load all by yourself for too long.
And John beamed happily.
“Knew what couldn’t last? What are you talking about? Look lad, why don’t you just tell me what’s up and we’ll sort it out together?”
“GAH!”
Crooning to herself, Christine dropped one hand between her legs and began pushing the heel of her palm against herself. She lifted the other breast, ducked her head, and
“Would the gentleman like some tea? Perhaps a pastry, or some biscuits?”
“I could murder one. Get naan.”
The creature startled and stepped back a bit at the words before leaning over and sniffing Johnny’s neck, then his armpits.
“Wait, we’re not supposed to let civilians in there—” Molly said, but Fawnlock was already pulling back the sheet. Underneath was the slightly blue body of an elderly man, face slack in death. Fawnlock leaned close and sniffed, twitching his nose, and proceeded to look closely at everything he could see until Greg pulled him back and Molly re-covered the corpse.
“So I go in and I say ‘Hey, Johnny.’ And he goes ‘Hey, Fiona. Can I do summat for you?’ ...like he already knows what I’m there for, right? And I’m kinda insulted, ‘cause what am I, some kinda slag? And he takes m’ hand and says ‘Have a seat,’ all gentleman-like, like we’re at a nice restaurant or summat and not in his old camp tent. So I decide to stay.”
“Be home for dinner,” she called back.
, arriving exactly one minute after she opened it and not leaving until she forced him out in the evening. He treated her like an assistant, ordering her to hand him things and procure chemicals and demanding that she explain things to him.
“Not with music like this!”
He looked down at his purple cock, the head glistening with pre-ejaculate.
“Uh. Does that mean we’ll be experiencing an earthquake?”
“What’s in it for me?”
John was alarmed to see, out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock shrink just slightly away, pressing against the door.
“Okay, I think you’d better tell me the whole plan.”
“A colum—John, don’t you think it’s neat?”
. “It was your turn.”
“Surely this isn’t customary treatment for one of your clients.” John cursed himself for his conversational misstep. He might as well have said “Do you love me?” He guessed “Let me take you away from all this!” was coming next if he didn’t get hold of himself.
of the languages of the animals of New Forest, England, and some of the tongues of the flora. Fawnlock found that the rhythm of human-speak wasn’t all that different from the speech of his own people, and he picked it up fairly quickly.
Sherlock looked over at her.
“I fucking hate biology. Why do we have to study this,” Dreadful Boy muttered.
“You don’t have to give me a foot rub!”
John got up, found some whiskey, and added it to his tea.
Sherlock didn’t bother to explain that this was a brand only available in Goa and that he was the only person outside India who was able to obtain these bottles, thanks to some very specific connections. He also didn’t explain that he had carefully considered the strain John had been through that afternoon and decided that the low alcohol content, combined with the water he planned to convince John to drink, should be tolerable for John’s system.
“My therapist is female.”
“Biology is a science…”
. Expect it anon. Do not shoot it or the delivery person; the tea is for
the British government. His resources are
“Not a problem. I am so pumped right now that I won’t notice 22 flights.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock moved down the table and started to work on the left leg. “I’m going to start doing a little between-muscle work. It’s going to feel strange, but again, it should not hurt more than a 3.”
“John. John.” He tried to catch his breath. “That wasn’t right.”
"Gentlemen," and to her credit, her voice was almost steady. "I'm sorry I didn't see the threat. We're on our way to the airport."
. And those are just the mistakes we know of. We’ve been rather busy and sequestered; who knows what kind of fuck-ups have been going on outside. I assure you Mycroft knows. And I haven’t seen him this angry in a long, long time.”
By the end of the first school year of his sexual awakening, Johnny was sure that he was going to hell, although his parents were not terribly religious and he wasn’t very clear on what "going to hell" meant. Relief from this torment came from an altogether unexpected quarter: Harry.
: MP3 ZIPped
“Open the windows and breathe in, John. This is the smell of San Francisco.”
“OW! Careful!” Sherlock jerked his foot back.
“Eventually, yeah. And of course at night, it was freezing cold, sometimes. There was no in-between. Either you were sweating so much you got sick from dehydration, or you couldn’t find enough jumpers and jackets and blankets to sit outside.”
John clamped Sherlock’s heel between his knees. “Obviously. What about them?”
“Okay. As long as that’s settled.”
“He said we could take our time; make our own decisions about where we go and what we do.”
Somehow, this sounded dreadfully romantic to John, and he squeezed Sherlock’s hands with his own.
John switched to nibbling thoughtfully on Sherlock’s little toe. Nothing ouchy, just little tiny bites.
“No, that’s not it!”
Sherlock huffed impatiently.
John began to suck on Sherlock’s tongue, so, so slowly, and he moved his hands so that they were wrapped around Sherlock’s skull. He let his body drop steadily down to press, bit by bit, against Sherlock’s, until Sherlock felt surrounded by John’s skin, his breath, his hold, his scent. John was still, heavy, keeping Sherlock in place, letting him know this would proceed only as John wished.
“Other than the fact that I am about to be forced into a farcical and futile religious exercise?”
“S’ok, Johnny,” his dad said quietly while his mother helped his plate with bangers and mash. Johnny noticed that there was a lot more mash than bangers—one sausage, to be exact. His parents had a half-sausage each.
“Thank you for the advice, ma’am. I’ll see you in three years.” He saluted and picked up his tray to drop it at the wash station.
“Tsk.”
By the next weekend, Fawnlock was wearing the hat that he had been wearing when Lestrade had first met him. He wore it while he slept in Lestrade’s “office” in a bed purchased at a tag sale, on a new mattress, with the fluffiest pillow on the market. Lestrade still wasn’t quite sure how it had happened.
“You were mesmerized. You do not understand fire; it could have leapt the stream in moments.”
“‘Sexually viable?’ I feel seduced already…”
“Yeah? And how’d that go?”
All our love,
“Yes; technically, it’s called a columbarium. It’s the only place that dead bodies are allowed to be kept in San Francisco.”
to protect me from Mor—from
Bidding them all forget!
The Book Man’s tape player was quite effective. Fawnlock could feel connections being made; a language was forming in his brain. Conversations he had overheard in his years of spying on human camping grounds were mixing with the words he was learning in books.
After a while, he handed it to John.
“I have an eidetic memory, John. Living in San Francisco, one is exposed to this sort of information.”
“OH FUCKING GOD.”
“You brought me to a cemetery.”
has depthless resources. Or he’s been tapping mine since I got here and hasn’t seen fit to do anything with it until I spoke of going back.”
“Okay then. What time would you like to get up?”
“You will never meet a more dangerous man than Mycroft. He
“Wait,” Brandi interrupted. “What did you wear?”
International Animal-Person Speech continues to be delineated in
Dear Mum and Da:
Caveats: I know nothing about the RAMC, how recruits are trained, the university system in England, mortuary science, and almost nothing about anatomy. Concrit welcome at daltong@digitalkingdom.org!
"Oh for fuck's sake, thank god they're such terrible shots," he said as they started to run.
“Let’s move on to a different topic. Why did you become a doctor?”
? It was all terribly illogical and utterly strange, and yet he didn’t want it to ever end. He didn’t want to ever stop touching John. He wanted to keep John within his arm’s length and his eyes’ sight for the rest of time, and while part of his brain knew that this was absolutely out of character for him, it simply felt reasonable and right. The thought of being parted from John was painful in the extreme, and he resolved to make certain that it did not happen.
Sherlock pulled at his hair, the pain grounding him. He was about to go back to John’s room when something made him stop. He stared out the window, waiting for his brain to process the anomaly that he’d seen but couldn’t consciously explain. After a few minutes, the car came around again, and there--he saw what was off. A homeless person was slumped against the building across the street, in the shadows, looking like nothing more than a bundle of clothing, with a very realistic shopping cart full of garbage bags. But Sherlock could see the faintest movement as the head under the blankets tracked the black car.
“He apologized a whole lot about the agents, and he sounded really upset about it, and he said we may have saved future lives. He couldn’t have known there was going to be a sniper, Sherlock. So the agents were a little overzealous about Maureen...I don’t really understand why Mycroft was so unsettled.”
“It’s a
“Yes. We’re not currently being followed, and we need a few things.” Sherlock hopped out of the car.
“Fair point.” John took a sip of his admittedly exceptional tea and sat down on the sofa with a contented sigh.
“I’ve been well, Molly.” Sherlock was smiling, half fondly and half indulgently. “I’d like you to meet my partner, Doctor John Watson.”
John leaned over and kissed Sherlock’s forehead softly. “I’d like to open you up with my fingers, slowly. And then, if you want me to, I’d like to fuck you, so you can see what it feels like when someone’s not trying to ram their cock in and use you to jack off.
, that’s the end. You make sure a boy treats you proper, like. You make him take his time and get you nice and wet, see, and then you make him use a rubber and you make him get you off.’”
For a full minute, there was nothing but the sound of the music first invented in America.
But the stories
“You are the most sloth-like sex partner I’ve ever met.”
A Produce "Dwell (1996)"
“What?”
When Sherlock came back in, John was sitting up, legs dangling off the side of the table.
“Oh calm the fuck down, John-o. Nothing I haven’t seen before. I need my black lipstick.”
Love,
“Oh. You’re here without Sherlock for a reason, aren’t you? Something went wrong, didn’t it?”
: 32.5 minutes /
For surely you shall forget!
“Wait. ‘Ocean Beach’? Isn’t that a redundant name?”
“And then, I was asked to leave university...and six months later, I had to leave London.”
John closed his eyes, made a muffled sound while biting his lower lip, and ground once into the palm of his left hand. “Oh shit.”
“I’m going to take you to the Zen Center, John. I want you to meet Molly.”
Johnny sat down hastily at the dinner table, a bit out of breath.
He had never felt this way about another person, ever. He wanted to protect John, to carve a space inside himself for John and carry him around, safe from the world. He wanted to snarl and claw and, quite frankly, obliterate anyone who would even look askance upon his—what? lover? boyfriend? (ugh!) ...
The juxtaposition of this new, vigorous sex life with the gentle, dreamy existence he used to have was bewildering. Johnny wasn’t quite sure how to reconcile the sex fiend he had become with the child who had honored nature with his dad and talked ideas with his mum. He felt ashamed of his constant need for release and the continuous thoughts that saturated his every waking moment; at school, every person he saw was an instant candidate as a potential repository for his jism; at home, every moment spent away from his comic books was a kind of torture.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just a moment, Sherlock; I’ll get her.”
“If he’s so powerful—if his resources are unlimited—then why have there been so many mistakes?”
Sherlock took John’s hand in his, almost absent-mindedly.
“What?” John’s eyes snapped to his, confused.
“Murphy ‘table’, if you will. I’ll step out for a moment; go ahead and remove as much of your clothing as you are comfortable with, and lie down on this.” He detached the long, padded table from the wall and wheeled it over to the ample space between the credenza and the bed; then he disappeared into his adjoining room.
“You can be a real prick sometimes, you know that?”
“That’s it, John. So beautiful. So perfect. You are so gorgeous like this, so debauched, so willing. Let me see you. Let your artifice drop away and let me see the real you.”
John barked out a laugh when they stepped through the door and he realized that he’d just been brought to a
: 28 minutes /
John took a sip.
Sherlock realized he’d pushed a little too far as he felt the penis in his hand wilt just slightly, and he stroked more firmly to try to make up for it and went back to kissing John as intently as he knew how. John’s cock twitched and filled a little more, and John started to make desperate noises, when—there was a knock on the door.
“If this is the best you can do—”
John was staring at Sherlock, coffee forgotten and cooling on the table.
“Technically, this is ambient music. But it’s the same general genre.”
your whole earthquake lecture?!”
, John. I did it to
“That’s a shame.” John grinned and slipped on a plain grey t-shirt, tucking it into the waistband of a pair of jeans. Sherlock was already dressed in a crisp, charcoal-coloured suit, with an ostentatiously too-tight silk shirt underneath. The silk was azure, and Sherlock knew it made his eyes appear very blue. He held out his arm, John tucked his hand around the proffered elbow, and they headed out.
After a few minutes of silent war, Moosecroft nodded and let go of his brother’s arm.
ditch her, 30 miles back, and we wouldn’t have
John had slept late, basking in the warmth of Sherlock’s body while Sherlock caught up on scientific journal articles through his UCSF library account on his iPad. When asleep, John snuggled, which Sherlock found he enjoyed—another first for a client experience—and Sherlock had even dozed off for a couple of hours himself. When John was up and dressed, Sherlock had suggested skipping breakfast and walking to Chinatown for a proper luncheon.
“Left a little note, she did,” she continued.
“We’re on a road, not the highway. I believe the jurisdiction is municipal, not of the state.”
Sherlock held onto the safety grip of the shower, panting.
Lestrade stepped forward, slowly, until he was standing in front of Fawnlock. He held out his hand.
When he came to the outskirts of the village, he pulled on his human costume again. Walking carefully and swinging his arms as he’d seen humans do, he made his way down the road to the little brick building. He watched some humans push on the door to enter and then did the same.
“Sherlock…” John gasped out between thrusts. “Get...this...thing...off...me; I...need...to...come...
Johnny stared at him.
“Do you want to learn how to read?”
"Of course.
feeling good at this point, I might start trying some other things. I might see how some light tapping feels, similar to when I was waking up the skin during the massage. Perhaps some pinching, which when we talk about it now might sound unpleasant or cruel, but when I do it in that context might simply be interesting or actually erotic. In fact, slapping at this stage, on the buttocks or the upper thighs just underneath the buttocks, can be incredibly arousing. We could experiment with that.”
“You haven’t masturbated in over a year?”
“Philistine. I shall have to educate your ear.”
“I don’t think so. You do not sound nearly desperate enough.” To make his point, John used his free hand to stroke Sherlock’s cock, once. Sherlock bucked up into the touch, which was almost immediately withdrawn.
“Relax, it’s someone who should be in the
and you took a little nap.”
And then he had put the first cuff on John. When he had asked John if he was ready—and John
Japan "Ghosts"
“Well, I don’t know that it should change much. Although it’s probably pretty dangerous for you to come into town when you can’t wear a hat to hide your...um, ears. Ahhh, no antlers in the winter, eh? That’s why you’re wearing this new scarf. Right. How about when you have the antlers, I come meet you here instead? We can keep studying reading; that doesn’t have to stop. You’re an excellent student.”
That night he found a pile of magazines between his bed and the wall, where he kept his comics. It was a sleepless and busy night.
They had both managed to put on pants by the time there was a commotion outside the room. They heard arguing, and then shouting, and just as the shouting got really angry, Sherlock flung open the door.
Sherlock sat back on the bed and suppressed a smile. He’d never had a client who was so sex-negative. Come to think of it, he’d never had a client like John, full-stop.
, beta supreme!
He hadn’t let on, but he’d been astonished to see the time that had elapsed when the massage was finished. Giving massages was a necessary evil. They were expected of Companions, even though the hotel retained a perfectly good massage therapy staff (well, nowhere near as good as Sherlock, of course, but that was to be expected). Massages were tedious and tiring. All bodies were essentially the same; the minor variations in configuration or strength of vocal reaction were not enough to hold his interest.
Sherlock sighed heavily. “No. That’s not all I saw.”
John smoothed his sweat-drenched hair back from his forehead. “It’s okay now, Sherlock. I’m here. You’re not having a heart attack. You’re okay.”
“Oh-eight-hundred it is. Good night, John.”
[postmarked Lyndhurst, 6 September, 1991]
“It got funnier after a few shots. We used to belt this out, all of us recruits. Managed to get the whole pub singing, one night. Of course, that was the night Murray and I were kicked out.”
Hope you’re well. Luv Johnny
John laughed a little. “Heaven help me, I do.”
Fawnlock had spent hours perusing the thin, garishly colored piles of leaves Johnny kept in the tent. He’d seen one years before when he had sheltered Johnny in a little cave during a lightning storm. The smaller piles of leaves were filled with pictures; some of the pictures were clearly of humans, but many of the others held no meaning for Fawnlock. It frustrated him mightily.
, whose John Watson in
“Okay, go on…”
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand. Do you know any English?”
He was in a laboratory. There were three shiny metal-topped tables in the middle of the room, surrounded by shallow gutters; the tables were slightly larger than the dimensions of the average human. Gleaming metal counters wrapped around three sides of the room, with metal cabinets hung above. The fourth wall was filled with three floor-to-ceiling polished steel doors. The counters held glass containers in various shapes and sizes; he also spied two instruments that matched the “microscope” pictures he’d seen in books. The room smelled of a sharp chemical that he couldn’t identify, underlaid with a faint sickly sweet smell of decomposition. Fawnlock was unaware that his face held an intense expression of delight, and he unknowingly let out a small whimper.
“Not in a way that would prevent Mycroft from tracking us.” Sherlock grabbed the phone back and dropped it in a plastic cup sitting on the sidewalk full of some yellow liquid.
? Oh dear, we’ll have to fix that as soon as we settle down somewhere.”
Sherlock moved so that he was sitting at the end of the bed, holding John’s foot in his lap. “Breathe,” he said, but he did not remove the cuff. He stroked John’s leg above the cuff and around where it rested on his ankle. “Let yourself feel these cuffs on you. Let the implications of them sink into you. Remember that they are not attached to anything. You are free to move. In fact, move your limbs around if you need to reassure yourself.”
The was a large sigh all the way from London.
They made it through the hills and at last the highway stretched out before them, straight and flat.
“I don’t think you have to be any particular age to listen to old-timey songs, Sherlock. She said this sort of music comforted her; took her back to a simpler time.”
“You are a doctor,” Sherlock said in a gentler tone, sitting up in the bed. “You know how to treat someone with panic attacks; you know the needs of a patient with PTSD. You refuse to see yourself, however, as a patient. You are doing yourself a disservice. If a patient of yours was having panic attacks and insisted on refusing any medication and on living life as though everything was as normal, what would you say to that patient?”
erupted with cloudy white fluid after about a minute, at which point his hand dropped from Johnny’s flesh. Johnny took over and stroked himself until he, too, emitted fluid. The two young men stared at each other.
. I don’t want to rule anything out. But you are what I want. I am certain of that. I have never had a relationship before, and I do not want another one. I want you. Do you understand?”
= Deer Person language
addictive; what did you do to stop using?” John bit off an end of a mu shu pancake and managed not to drip plum sauce on himself.
“So, shower? Bath? Beer? Rub-down?”
He stayed up all night, alternately sitting on his sleeping bag, wanking, and then lying back with his head out the flap of the tent, gazing at the stars. A fog crept in, making the little clearing ethereal and pretty. The stars disappeared, and he felt his eyes start to grow heavy, when there was a rustling behind a nearby tree.
“I’m not
: 24 minutes /
“I think you’ll find I was being the adult. Children who refuse to eat must be tempted. It really isn’t good for you to fast this way, and I suspect you have been doing it for quite a long time.”
“Haiii,” the kid said slowly.
John let out a bitter laugh. “I don’t know; it was over so fast, I barely felt it!”
“Yes, I have. Every time we start to talk about doing
Dead Kennedys "California Über Alles"
: 22 minutes /
"That was the way it goes, John. She has a job to do."
Sherlock lay on the carpet, trying to time his pulse.
Sherlock disentangled himself from John, who gave a piteous moan and curled into a ball, facing away from Sherlock. That was alarming. He retrieved the electrolyte water and a candy bar as quickly as possible, shed the attractive but rather stifling trousers, and crawled back into bed, wrapping himself around the trembling John-shaped form.
“Ready?” Captain McIntyre asked on a clear Sunday morning, pulling up to the RAMCTC welcome sign.
Johnny turned the leaf, and there was another drawing, but it was impossible to figure out what it was meant to depict. Fawnlock frowned.
“Nice place you got here.”
“Irrelevant.”
Sherlock brushed some hair behind John’s ear. “I observe,” he whispered.
, one of the quintessential San Franciscan films. Of which there are many.”
in a campsite far from the one that burned, a week later:
“Yes…”
John set his middle-of-the-night lunch tray down on the long, laminated table and stretched, reaching his arms high and then bending side-to-side. He didn’t mind the night shift so much. It was a bit quieter, usually, and he could get some studying in. He wouldn’t be taking any serious medical classes for some time—the Army insisted that would-be military doctors go through the equivalent of university first—but it couldn’t hurt to start memorizing anatomy now. He’d heard that it was a shocker course for new medical students, trying to ingest all that information in a very short period of time; the more he studied anatomy now, the easier it would be when he had four or five other medical classes to pass.
They both nodded slightly at each other and headed towards the elevator, an agent on each side. Wiggins and Angela were in a heated discussion at the check-in desk but watched them carefully as they moved through the lobby. Sherlock caught their glances and gave them some sort of signal—John couldn’t quite see what it was—but it seemed to ease their fears, and they turned back to arguing with their supervisor.
“Who is more likely to understand what is going on here? Me, who has known Mycroft my whole life, and who has admittedly far more intelligence between the two of us? Or you, who has had a twelve-and-a-half minute conversation with an expert manipulator who has more intelligence than even I?”
"And the fighting?"
,” called John breathlessly.
[postmarked Lyndhurst, 10 September 1991]
“John? John, are you there? I’m sorry to disturb you, but I seem to be having a bit of a medical emergency. ...John?”
John crawled up and positioned himself so that he was crouched over Sherlock’s head, propped as comfortably as possible on the pillows. If he leaned forward, his cock would dip down into Sherlock’s mouth.
John was having the time of his life.
“Well, we’ll just do that!” Wiggins said angrily, and he and Angela stomped off to the check-in desk, leaving John to sigh and Sherlock to pull at his hair.
Sherlock gave John a look of “Tell me something else I already know.”
Sherlock was now certain that his heart was going to burst with joy.
This file was created using Audacity and Steve Daulton's Noise Gate.
She pulled the chain and the room darkened. The light from the hall spilled in through the door and splashed a lumpy yellowish rectangle over Johnny’s covers.
This was different. John was watching him with an echo of the mood of the afternoon; Sherlock felt as though he was in charge again, as though John was trusting him to direct what came next, to take care of John’s needs. It was a heady feeling, and he saw something shift in John’s eyes, a subtle change so that he was no longer Everyday John, lightly mocking this experiment, ready to jump up and do the next thing, but he was now this new Sub John, pliant, waiting upon Sherlock. He felt the shift reflected down in his cock, and impulsively he leaned in to kiss John as he chewed, licking at the spicy sauce on John’s lips. John closed his eyes and sighed.
Sherlock blinked, his tongue halfway buried inside John. He’d completely forgotten about the plan for fucking. He was abruptly aware of his own throbbing cock, leaking pre-cum all over the sheets. He couldn’t wait any longer. He needed to be inside John
“I...actually don’t know how I want to start. I don’t really feel sexy right now. Sex-
John leaned over, rested his elbows on his knees, and put his face in his hands. What had happened to him? How had this week gotten so out of control? He realized that he hadn’t been apart from Sherlock since he’d arrived at the St Regis on Sunday. Was he in a trance? Under some spell, some form of hypnosis Sherlock had woven over him? It was good, this, getting away from him for a while. Stretch his legs, remember that he was a perfectly capable adult. A soldier, for fuck’s sake. He’d killed men. He could take care of himself.
“What do most people say?”
everyone.”
Yes, he was ready. He held up his arm.
“Hm.”
“I’d like that.”
when it comes to...when it comes to matters around
and crept quietly back into the forest.
“John?”
John felt a harsh drag on his arm.
. I disrobed you, and it was necessary. You asking me to get you off was the first thing this week that has made
Then he felt kind of defensive, so he crossed his arms as he lay propped against the pillows. Okay, this was the most uncomfortable he had been since he’d gotten to the hotel. This was a bad idea. This fancy stuff was not for him. Just give him some regular, ordinary love-making, thank you very much. He really was a pretty straight-forward guy: tea and biscuits, meat and potatoes, a little footie on the telly, some kissing and fondling and a how-do-you-do and then fall asleep after was just fine with him. None of these toys and “altered states” and crazy ideas were really necessary—
“Sure, Sherlock. I will try your ‘thought experiment.’”
—here nor there…”
“Of course. Shirt, or not?”
, with classic illustrations by Robin Lawrie; the quote and picture are from page one in the 1994 Puffin Classics edition; Penguin Books, England. (Yes, this edition didn’t exist at the time this story is taking place, but the pictures are the classic pictures that I remember from the 70s so it’s all good.)
“You didn’t
John’s face went red as he nodded.
“I don’t hate her. I love her.”
“Mycroft
“I took the opportunity to secrete some emergency supplies in a hidden location. We’ll need those supplies if we are to evade Moriarty’s people without Mycroft’s help. Unless, of course, you’ve changed your mind.”
“Exactly. So why can’t you treat yourself with the same compassion you would treat any of your patients?”
“Are you okay, John?”
“Sorry, it’s back to me, John.”
John was surprised to find himself with a lapful of a despairing Sherlock’s face.
And then they heard a police siren. Very, very close by. A cruiser pulled up and parked on the side of the road right behind their car.
“I won’t u-use a-alcohol.” John was shivering so much that his teeth were chattering.
“Who?”
“Never you mind, brother dear. You have made it clear you have no interest in that part of your birthright. Just alert me if the creature survives the fire and how to find it.”
cuisine. A reasonable minority taste it as something unpleasant, so I thought I should check. What does it taste like to you?”
“I suspected as much. Feel free to close your eyes.” Sherlock laid his hands against the top of John’s head again. “We won’t do nearly as much work on the front. You’ve been through enough tension release, and many people are uncomfortable with having any sort of massage in the thoracic region. That’s a delicate art, as it is primarily composed of organs more than muscle. First I’ll be waking your skin again; just a light touch all over.”
Sherlock realized that he was almost unable to breathe, and his heart was racing. His body was covered in cold sweat.
That night, Johnny got his first lesson in cunnilingus, in between cumming two more times in the knowledgeable Christine’s sweet mouth.
“Hm, I’m not sure why that should be a foregone conclusion, but allow me to suggest this beginner’s model here.” Sherlock picked up a red silicone toy called the “Sidekick”, according to the sign affixed to its shelf. He handed it to John, who fumbled and almost dropped it.
“Okay, that’s the hard part done. I’ll do some gentler finishing to bring you down, and then we’ll work on your front.” Sherlock returned to the firm touch he’d used earlier, after “waking up the skin,” rubbing John slowly and thoroughly over all of his body.
I’m sending some shortbread biscuits; you’ll have to let me know if they survive as anything more than crumbs.
“He says he never did it before.”
“Saturday...oh dear, I don’t know what the term is for Saturday in whatever language you speak. Three days from now, right?” The librarian pointed at the sun, then swung his arm in a circle that went to the horizon, around the ground, and back up again. Then he held up three fingers.
Of course he had felt the power, before, in being a prostitute. It was an edgy power, a dance between the client and himself. Would he get the money? Would he get beaten up, or worse? But he had the power to fulfill or deny the client’s fantasies, and because he was so very, very good at reading what the client needed, he had power that the client couldn’t begin to understand. And so he had, for the most part, avoided not getting paid and avoided getting beaten up, because he could stop a client in his or her tracks with a few well-chosen words about what they most secretly, desperately desired.
“After an experience like that, I recommend a nap to allow your body to heal and process.”
“Mycroft’s, instead of...
“Funny you should mention it. The hotel keeps all clichéd San Francisco movies on the pay-per-view.”
…I need to feel you
“That’s not necessary.”
“I need a book, better,” he said haltingly.
“Who’s out there?” he called, ready to run if it turned out to be a bear.
Sherlock grabbed the sheets with his fists, tensing all over and digging his heels into the rug where they hung over the side of the mattress.
The seawall was well-lit by the streetlamps in the car park. Though it was full night, there were plenty of people about, strolling along the sidewalk or clustered around bonfires. John detected the singular scent of marijuana as one couple strolled behind them, and he smiled into the foggy darkness of the beach.
“And so today, he said he had an idea that he thought he would get me past my...issues. And he asked if I’d ever heard of subspace.”
This time, John coated his own cock liberally, positioned it downwards so that the head was tucked into Sherlock’s crease and the shaft was snugged between his balls, and then leaned back over him, propped up on his arms.
“Not at all. I brought him here so that he could meet the person who saved my life, especially since we’re about to leave San Francisco forever.”
“Yeah, okay, Pan. I guess you’re Pan. And I’m Johnny, Johnny Watson. And you can stop grabbing me now, I’m not going anywhere.”
“Oh God...that must be my prostate...Oh John John John John you are incredible you are amazing I love you please more please please…”
“No, no you succubus. We have to talk about this, and the ordinary human needs sustenance.” John climbed off as Sherlock protested. “Come, I want to go back to Mel’s.”
“It feels…” Sherlock took a breath. “...like you’re
"What do we do? I have a little money…"
“That makes sense, Sherlock…”
Sherlock squinted down at John, who was still sat bare-arsed on the floor of the shower, grinning smugly and running his hands idly up and down Sherlock’s legs.
“Uh, okay,” Molly said, just as Greg chided “Fawnlock! Be nice!” Fawnlock rolled his eyes and went back to exploring, pulling down on the handle of one of the floor-to-ceiling doors at the back. It opened to a refrigerated room that was empty. He shut that carefully and opened the next, which revealed a sheet draped over something on a table with wheels.
“You may ask, John. I don’t promise to answer.”
“I know you do this, Sherlock. But don’t fuck around with my mother.”
“Yes, just put your hand on it for a minute…”
This led to some shouting.
I have no idea if there is an “honor of the whiskey.” I don’t even drink whiskey. But if there isn’t an honor of the whiskey, at least for Glenfiddich (which, by the by, horrible aforementioned ex-boyfriend taught me about), seems like there should be.
“Ready, willing, and able!” John responded and hopped in the passenger side of the Jeep.
the jam sandwiches. Okay? Share.”
“The things people did right here...the bravery they showed, the work they did carving out a little community here in this one part of the world...it saved my sister’s life, is what it did. I know things haven’t been easy for the gay community in San Francisco, much as the world likes to think it’s one big gay city. And I know a bit about the devastation that AIDS visited on this neighborhood. This flag…” John’s voice broke a little. “This flag means more to me than I can ever tell you.”
John turned around with a steaming mug in his hand.
“Y’know, I can’t quite figure out what it is about Mycroft that is so irritating. It should be lovely, having someone offer to step in and take care of all our worries. I mean, let’s look at it. He offered to get us jobs, a place to live, get us there safely; why does that set my teeth on edge?”
Johnny cleared his place and fled to his room. Now came the tricky part. He really wanted to take a shower, but that would raise questions. He sat on his cane-bottom desk chair and gazed at his desktop, thinking. He became aware of the sickly-green cover of his maths textbook staring up at him.
Fawnlock nodded, once, wariness in his big blue-green eyes. Lestrade gently touched the tip of Fawnlock’s ear and gasped a bit. He stroked one fingertip along an antler prong that was smooth, strong bone. The light touch made Fawnlock twitch his head.
“Well it’s kinda hard to describe, y’know. Ya kinda have to feel it.”
“Johnny Watson.”
“Well, I’m
“Wow, what is this place? Is it a museum? It’s so fancy!”
. It was one thing for Johnny to bring females to his tent (and he brought an awful lot of females to his tent), but to allow another outsider into his
“Yes, problem? There, we’re done. I needed to distract you through that; it can be quite unpleasant.” Sherlock began massaging John’s whole neck. It felt as though he was taking the pain that had been concentrated in that one tight band and was dissipating it out and away. He finished by running his full hands over the back of John’s head and down his neck, one after the other, creating a warming effect. John sighed with relief.
“We don’t have to do this now.”
“We keep security cameras in all Companion-fitted rooms. It has saved Companions several times now. Not me, of course. But it seemed innocuous enough that I never objected. I trust the people who view the camera feeds; I know them well, and I knew they would never divulge our activities. I knew they would, er, see that you were special to me, and would destroy the tapes. In fact, we had a conversation about that on Tuesday.” Sherlock looked up to see John glaring at him fiercely. He cleared his throat.
John stopped and looked at him.
“Then that’s what I’ll get! Ha ha, a burger for breakfast; I love it!”
“This is a lost cause,” Sherlock wailed into John’s thighs. “We should just give up. I will stay here, you will go back to London, I will never see you again, my heart will break, I will die, and they will burn me and put my ashes in a dark corner in the Columbarium and the janitor will sweep me up with the trash the next day and throw me in the Bay.”
“That’s absurd. If you follow that line of logic, I should like Milošević because we’re both pale-skinned. The only person I have to like out of solidarity is you; I have to like you even when you’re in a strop and insisting on stitching up everything in sight.”
“It’s okay, Fawnlock. You’re safe here. No need to worry, I shan’t let anything happen to you.” Greg gazed at Fawnlock for a moment. He was breathing fast, and Greg thought he could see his heart pounding under the too-tight silk shirt he wore.
Johnny took a few minutes to calm down before going to the showers.
John shrugged.
He brought them back to the foot of John’s bed as his hummed song came to an end; he tilted John’s head back and leaned down to press a gentle kiss to John’s lips.
“So what did Mycroft say?” Sherlock prompted.
“Either, I suppose. I didn’t think it was possible to bug Mycroft’s phone, but Mor—” He cleared his throat. “Mor
“Yeah,” Johnny sighed as he snuggled down further between the soft sheets of his bed. His mother bent to kiss him on the forehead and reached for the lamp chain.
This group of hotel guests, not having been through the scuffle and panic of the 22nd floor, were calm. A few were in robes and pyjamas and were grumbling about false alarms; most were dressed and chattering with each other as they made the long trek down the flights. Some were clearly drunk.
Sherlock buried himself against John. He pulled his legs in tight and somehow curled himself up small enough to be held; John could almost imagine Sherlock seeking comfort in a warm lap as a child.
