I sat in study hall waiting for Loki. He was usually early and had our usual table reserved but today he was late. I assumed that he was probably talking to a teacher but after waiting ten minutes I realized he wasn’t going to come.  I was sad but decided to actually get studying done since I was behind. I was sure he had an explanation for missing our daily middle of school date.
The man didn’t speak.  I studied his face more, something familiar about it. Long brown hair hung from under his hat, placed carefully behind his ears.
Pepper and I talked a while longer and I eventually decided that I was going to try to talk to the guy. What would it hurt?
At lunch MJ and I sat with Loki. MJ was pleased when Thor decided to join us and the two proceeded to flirt so much I thought Loki was going to throw up. I put my hand on his arm and just smiled at him.
My feet were killing me halfway back to my building and the thought of walking barefoot on the city streets disgusted me so Loki gave me a piggyback ride the rest of the way home.
I walked in and awkwardly shifted my weight from foot to foot until he offered me a chair. I sat down and he sat on the edge of the bed. He was staring at me again so I gave him a look.
“I’m not a little kid, though. I can take care of myself. I’m mature and responsible” I protested “Why don’t you trust me?”
I looked down and saw my birth certificate. I glanced over it. There was my date of birth: May 10th, 2000. My place of birth: Brooklyn, New York. My mother’s name: Margaret Carter. My father’s name: James Barnes. My name: Eleanor Rose Barnes
“Couldn’t tell you, kid.” Tony said, typing away on his keyboard “Haven’t spoken to him since yesterday.”
“Thank you for your kindness Miss Potts” Loki said as he released me and climbed into the passenger seat  “I’ll call you tonight”
“You can’t take Eleanor away from the only home she’s ever known, Steve. Unless you want her to hate you even more than she does”
Pepper turned and walked away. She found me upstairs in Peter’s room and motioned for me to come join her. I followed her to my room and we sat on the edge of my bed.
“No!” Peter stood between me and the door “Don’t, you know Steve will just go to the school and cause a scene.”
I quickly finished my pizza and excused myself from the table. I ran back upstairs to my room and closed the door. I made a mental note to kill Peter in his sleep later and pulled out my phone, reading another text from Loki.
Back home, dinner was awkward. Peter was silent and any attempt from Dad and Tony to get him to open up about the problem at school was making things worse. He eventually pushed his plate away and went to his room and we could hear the door slamming shut all the way from the dining room.
I stayed in my room for a few hours, waiting for someone else to come and yell at me. No one did and I eventually became brave enough to wander downstairs. Everyone had gone and the first floor was empty. I went back upstairs and looked through the crack in Peter’s door. He was taking a nap so I went to the last door at the end of the hallway. I listened for signs of anyone inside and leaned in close as I heard voices.
Tony looked up and eyed my outfit for a moment. I thought by the look on his face he’d make me change but he merely nodded.
“He’s always had strong determination, that’s for sure.” Bucky smiled fondly “But he had a family, he shouldn’t have left Tony.”
I linked arms with MJ and we headed off, following the boys home. When we arrived, we went into the kitchen and Peter began searching the pantry for snacks. He threw a bag of chips and some fruit snacks on the counter and we dug in.
Loki glared at Thor and pulled me closer to him. I placed my hand on Loki’s chest to let him know that it wasn’t worth fighting over.
I went upstairs but didn’t go to my room. I needed to get my birth certificate to take for the driver’s test tomorrow so I went into my dad’s office. I rummaged through his file cabinet until I found what I was looking for, took the paper and went to my room and tossed it on my desk. I grabbed my book and settled down in my chair and opened it up to the last page I had read.
“I’ll look in the bathroom, Steve you take the entryway,” Tony said as he walked off down the hallway
I returned the smile and before I knew it I was telling him the entire story about my birth certificate. He sat back and was speechless for a moment once I had finished. I waited for a reaction.
When the train reached my stop, I ran off and up the stairs onto the street. I ran the three blocks to my house and stopped when I reached the front steps. I took a deep breath and opened the door.
I nodded and requested cream and sugar in mine. Loki didn’t say anything.  Thor sighed  and headed off to find the coffee machine.
“Good. That’s how it should be.” Dad relaxed a bit but still kept an aggressive demeanor about him “I have guns, you know”
My uncle gave me a quick kiss on the top of my head before I moved on to my aunt and finally to Rhodey. I sat down next to Peter and half listened to the adults talk to each other, half thinking about how I was going to bring up the birth certificate to Dad. I realized that I hadn’t put it back in his office yet and quietly left to go upstairs. I went into my bedroom and opened my desk drawer. My eyes lingered on the piece of paper for a moment before I picked it up and quickly ran it to the office. Once it was back in it’s place, I made sure the office door was closed and went back to my room. I pulled out my phone and saw I had a text from Loki.
I sat and watched Tony work on the robot he was building, like I always did. I never really understood the science behind it all, but I spent many hours just sitting in Tony’s lab watching him. He always had classic rock music playing and I’d often dance and sing around the lab as he worked. He never really paid attention to Peter and I when we were down there, as long as we didn’t touch anything, but we knew he liked the company.
“I know Bucky’s here” she said, talking softly so Peter couldn’t hear “The first meeting wasn’t what you expected, was it?”
“Very well.” Loki looked at me “Goodnight, Eleanor. Thank you for inviting me to this...interesting evening.”
“Yes” Pepper nodded “He’ll be back though, he just needed some time to himself. You know he wouldn’t ever leave you”
Loki and I had a nice time at The Bean Tap, a hole in the wall hipster coffee shop close to school. We discussed the current books we’re reading, the ones for leisure not school, and both realized that we like different time periods better than the one we are currently in. I sipped my latte as I listened to him go on about Shakespeare and he drank his coffee, which he took black, as I went into detail about Gone With the Wind, one of my favorite novels that he hadn’t read.  When it was time for both of us to go home, we exchanged numbers and parted. I headed down West 42nd Street, toward our towering home and realized as I approached the door that I hadn’t stopped smiling since I left the coffee shop.
The nurse and doctor left us and Loki collapsed to the floor. I put my arms around him as he sobbed. Thor returned with three cups of coffee and nearly dropped them when he saw us. After he placed them on the table and knelt beside us with his hand on Loki’s shoulder, I explained what the doctor said.
“You’re always down in your lab ignoring everyone and drinking your liquor”  Dad also stood and placed his hands on either side of his plate and glared across the table at Tony
“I’m just saying, Tony. Maybe I’d be more willing to let Ellie stay here if I knew she’d be properly taken care of and not by your assistant. Pepper isn’t a nanny”
Thor and MJ stopped their conversation and by now everyone’s eyes were on the two. I saw Peter’s lips move as he mumbled something, his face brazen with humiliation, and he tried to walk past Flash but the bully grabbed him by the collar and threw him against the cafeteria wall. I saw red and was instantly on my feet. I charged across the open room with MJ, Loki and Thor at my heels.
“Would you like to come back to my place” he whispered in my ear, gently stroking my thigh with his thumb
After everything was cleaned, the three of us sat down in the living room. I was uncomfortable by the fact that Bucky kept staring at me. Dad explained how his mission in Germany was where he found Bucky, who had been accused of assassinating someone. Dad had worked to clear his name but Bucky had disappeared from the prison he was being held, hence Dad leaving a few days prior. Dad had found him and brought him back here.
It was my turn to freeze. My biological father, who, three weeks ago I didn’t know even existed, was now standing in front of me. We both stood there staring at each other for what felt like centuries. I couldn’t move, I couldn’t think. I just stared at him, my phone in one hand, and soaking wet paper towels dripping onto the counter in the other.
School was the same as always, and the midterm was a breeze. I finished early which gave me time to go to the library. I was browsing the biography section, trying to decide on which person I should write my literature paper about when I saw someone approach from the corner of my eye.
Tony ruffled Peter’s hair and went over to the liquor cabinet, pouring himself another drink. He took a sip, peering over the glass at us.
“It’s top secret Government stuff” Tony shrugged before coming over and placing a kiss on my forehead “It’ll be ok and he’ll be home soon”
“Since then things haven’t been great. I had always felt different from my brother, and my father and I haven’t always had the best relationship, but I was still shocked.”
“Ellie, go easy on him. He may be Mr Military but you and I both know he’s not that bright. He was just doing his best.”
Tony took the necklace and put it around my neck, fastening the clasp and readjusting my hair. I had wanted that necklace for a few years now, begging my fathers to buy it for me but Dad always said that I was too young to have such an expensive piece of jewelry. He was afraid that I wouldn’t take care of it or it would get lost. He hated when Tony splurged on luxurious things for Peter and I because he never wanted us to love Tony for his money or be spoiled brats. I assumed that now he was out of Tony’s life, Tony could make his own decisions on these things.
“Eleanor, listen to me” Dad put his hands on my shoulders “There’s a lot going on right now and in situations like these irrational decisions and poor choices can be made without thinking things through”
I became worried, since my dad was technically retired from the military, he still had enough rank and status that if the US Army ever needed something, they’d call him in.. He tried to stay home as much as he could to raise Peter and I but when the country had a devastating event he’d be the first one there to help. The last time they needed him was when Hurricane Maria hit and he went to Puerto Rico to help with disaster relief. There hadn’t been any major storms recently, and no terrorist attacks that I knew of, so it was alarming that he’d take off without giving us notice.
“I want to know why the school hasn’t gotten these incidents under control” Dad exclaimed, rambling about policies and recounted the numerous times he had talked to the principal
“I sang you a song, actually. I Can’t Take My Eyes Off You by Frankie Valli. I got two lines in when I heard Steve shut the water off. I gave you a kiss on your forehead and put you back in the bed and vanished.”
“I’m sorry things are the way they are, kids” Tony said as we sat at the table, digging into our food
I ran upstairs to my room and slammed the door. Peter followed me and I heard his door slam equally as hard.
I rested my head on his shoulder as I listened to him read the excerpt. His voice was soothing, bringing a wave of calm over me. I felt peace when I was with him.
Peter and I went downstairs and found our fathers standing in the living room. The two couldn’t have been further apart from each other and still be in the same room. Dad stood in the on the right side, closer to the stairs., with his hands shoved into his jean pockets. Tony stood by the door that lead to the dining room with his arms crossed over his torso, a glass of whiskey held in one of his hands. Peter and I glanced at each other nervously as we sat down on the couch.
Once everyone was seated at the table we began to fill our plates. Pepper had made spaghetti and garlic bread, and there was a big bowl of salad. Once everyone had made their plates and Loki thanked us for having him, we began to eat.
I grabbed my phone and went downstairs to the dining room. Pizza boxes were spread out across the table with paper plates at each seat, obviously placed by Pepper because of the way the napkins were properly folded and set on beside them. I sat down at my usual spot and grabbed a slice of Hawaiian.
“Happy birthday” Bucky finally spoke “I didn’t know what to get you, so I’m sorry I don’t have a gift.”
I reluctantly followed him to Peter’s room. Once everyone was on the same page  we headed out for the afternoon. We had lunch at Carnegie Deli and did some shopping. Peter wanted to go to the Lego store and I asked if we could go to the Hershey store to get candy. Even though Tony avoided Times Square like the plague, he obliged. After stopping at a grocery store to get dinner we headed back home.
“It’s not a date! Oh my god!” I waved my hands in the air “Besides, you know I’m not allowed to date”
I just nodded and watched as Loki continued to talk to his mother. A few moments later Thor joined him and also said his goodbyes. The doctor came in with two nurses trailing behind him. I walked over to Loki and took his hand.  I didn’t know what to say to Frigga, nor did I know if she could even hear me so I just stood and watched as the doctors began to unhook the machines. Thor wrapped his arms around Loki who crumbled into his brother as the heart monitor flat lined. I felt a tear fall from my eye as I watched.
I shook my head at Loki’s lack of knowledge of  20th and 21st century pop culture and began to explain the concept to him. Midway through my explanation a commotion from across the cafeteria caught my attention and I looked to my right just in time to see Flash flip Peter’s lunch tray out of his hands, sending the contents crashing to the floor.
Thor nodded and we both stood. I took the two cups of coffee and went off to find Loki. I stood in the elevator and my mind was racing. I didn’t know what to say to him, I had never been in this situation before nor have I ever lost anyone close to me. I don’t know what I’d do if I did. After searching around for Loki with no luck I called him. He told me he was in a stairwell in the west wing so I made my way toward his location. I found him sitting on the steps and I sat next to him.
“He’s in no shape to be out of the house.” Thor ran his fingers through his long hair “His health has declined  so dramatically in the last few weeks and I don’t think he’s even in the right mind to make this kind of decision”
I didn’t respond. Instead I continued to punch him until Thor grabbed me and pulled me away. By this time the cafeteria staff had come out from behind the lunch line and teachers were running in from the breakroom.
“Glad to see everything is good between you two.” Thor said “The way you ran out of the house Friday I thought my little brother had messed things up before they could even begin”
I spun on my heel and walked as quickly as I could out the door and down the sidewalk. Loki had just stepped out of a black sedan and was making his way toward me with a smile.
Dad gave me a disappointed look as he walked by me and into the principal’s office. Several painstaking minutes later, he came out, looking more disgruntled than when he went in.
“You don’t know anything about what’s going on with Eleanor and I. I think we’re okay” Dad began to get angry
I crossed my arms and sat back in the chair, waiting for an explanation. He swallowed hard before continuing.
I turned around and hit my fists together, something we did to each other after we saw Ross do it on Friends. She waved me out the door and I went to meet up with Loki for our not-a-date coffee.
I ran down the stairs and past Thor who called after me but I ignored him. I ran out the door and down the street toward the nearest subway station. For the entire ride to Midtown I was full of anxiety. I knew my dad was going to be furious with me for not coming home last night. Tony would be furious that I didn’t let them know where I was. Peter was probably worried sick. For the first time that morning I pulled out my phone and my chest tightened as I saw the amount of missed calls. Dad a hundred times, Tony and Peter just as much, Rhodey, Aunt Natasha, Uncle Clint, MJ, MJ’s mom, Pepper, my volleyball coach. Everyone I knew had called me at least once.  I was screwed. I was also surprised that I wasn’t among the faces on the missing poster inside the car I was in.
My phone began to vibrate on the table and I picked it up.  Loki was finally calling me. Loki...that was something else to keep me in the city. I ran out of the room, not bothering to clear my dinner plate or excuse myself. Tony didn’t care, it was always Dad and our nanny who had instilled manners into us.
Loki rushed to his mother’s bedside and began to slowly caress her cheek. He mumbled quietly to her as Thor and I stood and watched.
“I never let anyone know I was staying here. I shouldn’t have even agreed to stayed. Oh my god, I bet my family is so worried about me.”
“I have to get home. Bruce is returning from Uganda this afternoon and I need to pick him up at the airport.” she said
looked up at him, someone on the opposite side of our scrimmage spiked the ball directly at me and it smacked me right in the side of my face.
I frowned but turned and left with MJ on my tail. I went upstairs to see if Dad was in his room but it was empty. MJ and I wandered the house and finally found him in the gym, hitting the punching bag.
The bell rang and we both looked slightly sad about study hall being over. Neither of us actually studied but it had felt nice to be able to talk to someone else about our problems.
My stepdad came into the kitchen. The glasses he was wearing indicated that he had spent the day down in his lab working, and the coffee cup he had that morning had been replaced with his favorite whiskey glass, which was empty.
“I know, but he knows how much I worry about him. He can’t take five minutes to call me and tell me he’s okay?”
“I hope it’s alright that I asked for you to stay. I could tell that you really didn’t want to go home and I don’t want the memory of our first date to be tarnished by an incident with your father.”
After telling Pepper what happened I ran almost the whole way to the hospital, leaving her to handle Peter. Once I found Thor and Loki I sat and waited. I hated hospitals but I sat and clutched at a despairing Loki’s hand anyway. He was silent the entire night and the later it got the more tired I became.
That wasn’t a lie, I needed to talk to someone about what I found. I didn’t know if I could talk to Tony, which meant I couldn't tell Peter. The kid couldn’t keep a secret if his life depended on it and the last thing I wanted was for him to run his mouth to his dad, who would then run his to mine. I didn’t want Dad to have to deal with work and this too, and I hadn’t figured out what I was going to say when he got home.
After a long night at the hospital and finally parting ways so Thor could take Loki home to rest before the funeral arrangements were made, I went home. Peter was still awake and rushed to me as I walked in the door. He was crying as hard as Loki was at the hospital.
“I miss you too, honey. I’m sorry you were so worried, I called you the second I could.” Dad said “How was your weekend?”
I went downstairs to get him and ice pack and MJ and I went to find the adults. We found Tony down in his lab, unsurprisingly.
“Morning kiddo.” I heard from the kitchen as my step dad stepped into the doorway, his favorite coffee mug from the CERN museum in his hand  “You going to eat breakfast?”
The next morning I sat at the island eating breakfast while I listened to Peter get lectured for the third time since yesterday afternoon by both of our dads about the bullying problem with Flash. Peter continued to insist that he was fine and that he could handle it, and begged them not to go to the school.
“So that’s it then?” Tony shouted “You’re  going to throw eleven years into the shitter just like that?”
I shook my head and grabbed the paper. I turned around and ran straight past Happy and out of the office. The blur of someone running by caused Happy to look up and see me running out so he followed.
Frigga left Loki and I alone in the living room. His hands were shoved into the pockets of the black dress pants. There were a few moments of silence before he finally spoke.
“He thinks that being secluded in a quiet town, surrounded by peaceful scenery will help my healing process.” Bucky shrugged “So far it’s gone well but it’s only been a week”
Pepper had made sirloin steak tips, mushrooms, and rice and I sat at the dinner table poking at the food with my fork. Tony and Pepper exchanged worried glances as Peter shoveled the food in his mouth. A few minutes later I excused myself and Tony nodded, letting me leave the table, but he followed me out of the dining room.
Pepper smiled and I grabbed some fruit, going to sit on the couch with Peter to wait for Tony to get home. I unlocked my phone and sent Loki a text.
My eyes lingered on Dad for a moment before I turned to walk away. I still couldn’t talk to him, and he didn’t have a clue what to say to me. Things had become awkward and it hurt. I pushed my emotions down and walked to school.
As we drove through the city streets I told him what had happened over the last couple of days. He was quiet, listening to me as I talked.
I flopped down onto the couch and pulled one of the pillows to my chest, hugging it tightly. I could feel myself getting choked up. Tony sat down next to me on the edge of the sofa and put a hand on my knee.
“I’d love to see Anastasia, but I wouldn’t expect you to want to see that. Are there any that interest you?”
I opened Peter’s gift to find a large stuffed t-rex and three small stuffed stegosauruses. I love dinosaurs so those were the perfect thing to add to my stuffed animal collection. Pepper handed me a neatly wrapped box before cleaning up the tissue paper I had tossed out of Peter’s bag. I opened the box to find a beautiful scrapbook, several printed pictures, and scrapbooking supplies. That would keep me busy during the summer, especially if I had to move in with Dad. Happy handed me an envelope which contained a birthday card and a gift card to The Bean Tap.
We sat in silence for a long time waiting for Loki to prepare himself to do the hardest thing he’s ever had to do. When it was time we went back to the ICU waiting room and I nodded at Thor. He stood and wrapped his arms around Loki who, to my surprise, returned the embrace.
I laid in bed, curled up on my side. A picture of me, Peter, Tony and Dad stood in a frame on my nightstand. I stared at it wondering if my entire life had been a lie. I didn’t even know what emotions I had at the moment. The buzzing of my phone made me blink, returning my thoughts to the present, and I sat up.
I nodded. My “grandfather” had an alcohol problem and when he was drunk, which was almost always, he liked to push his wife around. Dad always tried to come to her defense, which usually left him with a few bruises himself.
I looked through the doorway at the man sitting at the end of the king sized bed. I knew it had been a long night because the bed wasn’t even made and I’ve never known my father to not go a day without making it up.
I pulled the birth certificate out of my desk drawer and sat on my bed. I explained everything to MJ and when I was done her mouth was open.
“Good morning” Pepper greeted “Your dad left. Tony’s en route back home so Steve went to find Bucky a new hiding place”
My dads helped me look for my shoes and a few minutes later I was kissing them both on the cheek and running out the door.
I made my way down the block and disappeared around the corner. I glanced over my shoulder and saw him pushing his way through the crowd of people. I continued on and eventually he caught up to me but didn’t say anything. Instead he just followed me, a step behind, until I ended up where I wanted to be. Twenty minutes and several blocks later we were inside Central Park.
“I mean, I can’t control what happens. If you guys split up, then you do. We just have to go from here and figuring out how to make it work”
“Oops” Peter said as he quickly shoved more pizza into his mouth to prevent himself from saying something else
I grabbed Flash by the back of his arm and spun him around. Instead of giving him a chance to react, I moved my arm back and punched him square in the face.
“It is so nice to meet you.” she said softly, her accent matching his “Loki has told me so much about you”
“You are very welcome. I am going to turn in for the evening, I trust you to behave?” Frigga turned to her sons
Tony shook his head then told me to go to bed, following behind shortly after to carry a snoring Peter to his room.  As I laid down I could hear Tony grunting and complaining about how he was too old to be doing this.
He smiled at me before he turned his attention back to the street in front of him. I would feel terrible if he wasted money on getting us tickets and I ended up ruining it with my drama so I decided not to tell him what had happened. We arrived on Broadway and after he gave his keys to the valet we walked inside the theatre. We had good seats and watching Anastasia helped me forget about what was going on at home. Halfway through the third act I slid  my arm a bit closer to Loki, hoping that he would notice. He did and our fingers interlocked together. We held hands through the rest of the play, only letting go to applaud at the end.
Peter and I had quickly moved to our rooms when he came home and encountered Tony. There wasn’t yelling but there was a lot of awkward silence and uncomfortable staring so Peter and I retreated as fast as we could. Now we were being called down, presumably for dinner.
“Don’t you ever scare me like that again, do you understand me, Ellie?” he said, grasping the back of my head
I pushed his hands off my shoulders and backed away from him. Tears rolled down my cheeks and my bottom lip trembled.
Natasha didn’t say anything and instead pulled me in for a hug. She rubbed my back for a moment before she pulled away.
As I neared the school I saw Thor and Loki walking down the sidewalk in the opposite direction. Loki smiled at me as I ran up to them. I gave him a hug and he put his arm around my shoulders and walked me into the school.
I groaned and threw the covers off. I sat up and rubbed my eyes until they adjusted to the bright light and yawned. Staying up until midnight studying for midterms wasn’t a great idea, but I wasn’t one for organized structure and had messed around until the last minute. I quickly got dressed, throwing on some leggings and a sweatshirt that had originally belonged to my step dad. Throwing my hair into a bun, I grabbed my backpack and ran down the stairs.
I stopped and looked at Loki. He was sat up in the bed and I noticed that he was on top of the covers and thankfully still dressed in the same clothes from last night.
“You’re still in love with him. Tony knows that, and knew that when you went after him if you found him then your marriage would be over.” I laid it out for him “Right?”
MJ noticed that I was nervous and asked if I was afraid of getting caught. I admitted I was but then a rebellious spirit rose up inside of me and I became determined that I didn’t care if Dad found out. I was sixteen. I was a Sophmore in highschool and my grades were good. I wasn’t planning on sleeping with Loki. I was mature and responsible. It was time I went on a date. Besides, he could possibly have been lying to me for the last sixteen years and that made me angry at him.
I followed Loki over to his bed. He gestured for me to sit so I did, placing my hands in my lap. He sat next to me and opened the book, turning the pages until he found what he was looking for.
There was silence as he continued to read his textbook. I looked back down at the blank page of my notebook, trying to remember which class I needed to make notes for.
MJ had insisted on coming over after school so she could watch the Dads versus Boyfriend showdown and I obligied in hopes that her being there wouldn’t cause Dad to be over the top with Loki. Peter came through the door moments later and didn’t speak to us as he pushed by and made his way up the stairs, the hood of his jacket pulled over his head.
Eventually we stopped in front of a tall building. He put the car in park and climbed out before walking around to open my door. I got out and looked up at the building. The Chateau Elan Luxury Condominiums I read on the sign out front.
He sighed and closed the textbook. He looked up at me and his green eyes had a glint in them that made them shine.
Dad ran both hands through his short blond hair and stood up from the couch. He gave Pepper an apologetic look but she wasn’t relenting.
At the end of the day there had been no sign of him or Thor. When our group got together outside of the school I asked if anyone had seen them. MJ was as lost and disappointed as I was. Peter shook his head.
The man looked up and froze.  I sighed and grabbed the paper towels off of the counter and tossed them at him. He didn’t even bother to catch them and they landed in the puddle of juice. I rolled my eyes and walked over to the island. I began to clean up the mess the stranger had made but glanced up at him. His cold blue eyes stared at me. He looked terrified.
“I can’t help but feel as if everything is my fault and you have every right to be mad at me”  Bucky stared at me as I sipped my coffee
The continued to shout at each other back and forth and I sat there unsure of what to say or do. They had clearly forgotten my presence as they yelled  accusations at each other.
Going home was a mistake. Upon arriving we could hear the yelling from upstairs. Peter and I exchanged looks and our friends immediately abandoned us to go to their more peaceful homes.
“Yet you’re leaving to go chase after a ghost.” Tony yelled “How do you even know this is going to work?”
I looked at Happy, who still had his headphones in with his head  back, eyes closed. I stood and walked to the counter.
We walked arm in arm down the sidewalk, aimlessly wandering the city with no destination. We eventually ended up in Times Square and Loki bought us pretzels from a street vendor. We made our way to the top of the red seating stairs under the mega tron and ate our snack. Loki told me that he and Thor had collectively decided to place their father in a nursing home, seeing as how there was no way they would be able to care for him themselves while still going to school. I was worried what that meant for Loki, since we was seventeen for another eight months. He explained that Thor was having the family lawyer draw up paperwork to transfer guardianship to him as well as access to their parents finances which would be split evenly between the two once Loki was eighteen.
Just then Dad appeared in the doorway between the kitchen and living room. He paused and eyed Loki. I tensed but instead of saying anything rude, Dad walked over and extended his hand.
“That’s what I said.” I picked at the hem of my dress, a thread hanging provided a distraction “Dad did say that you were allowed to come to my birthday party, though”
My mouth was agape as I read the words, and I felt myself blushing. I bit my lip as I typed a reply.
I blinked, finally coming back to my senses. I looked from Bucky to my dad back to Bucky and back to my dad.
Sunday was always Pepper’s day off and with Dad gone Tony had to make dinner. Normally he’d just order a pizza but he was making a genuine effort to prove he could be just as good as Dad was at the parenting thing.
There was no point arguing with him, it’d only get worse. I stood there as he continued to scold me, wishing I could turn back the time and not leave the house last night. This wasn’t helping my case in being able to stay in the city at all.
Several pages in, my phone buzzed. I jumped at the sudden vibration against my rear and sat up to pull the device from my back pocket.
The next day  I tried to put all of my emotions aside and distract myself with school. I clearly wasn’t doing as good of a job as I thought because after History MJ cornered me.
So Tony knew. That made me upset with him. I wondered if Peter knew anything but figured it he did I would have heard it by now.
“I didn’t lie. I just never told you the truth. When you were beginning to talk you said ‘dada’. Eventually you called me ‘daddy’ and I didn’t know how to explain it to you, and well, I am your daddy.”
I laughed and agreed with her, selecting a book about Grace Hopper, a computer scientist in the Navy, figuring that would be the closest thing to my interests considering who my fathers were. I loved to read, don't get me wrong, but I much prefer fiction over nonfiction. MJ followed me to the checkout station and helpfully held my textbooks while I searched through my bag for the library card.
“I was going to be sent on this mission, a dangerous one. I knew I wouldn’t be coming back from it so I made Steve promise he’d take care of your mother, and you when you were born. I was to be sent to Russia a few days before your mother went into labor but I worked it so that I could stay behind at the last minute.”
After volleyball practice MJ insisted she go home with me so we could work on math homework together, but once we were in my room I realized that was not what she had intended to do.
Peter wasn’t happy with that answer, because it wasn’t  ‘no we’re not getting a divorce, I love Tony more than anything and would never leave him’.  I put my bowl in the sink and slid my way past my dad’s outstretched arm. I grabbed my bookbag and headed out the door for school as I heard him sigh.
“No, no” I said “It isn’t your fault, you didn’t know. Besides, I think there’s a bigger issue at hand.”
“I had called the hospital from a payphone to check on the labor progress and they told me that you had been born but Peggy had passed away. That’s when I knew I had to see you before I left. I went to the hospital and disguised myself in scrubs to be able to sneak into the room the hospital had let Steve stay in until you were cleared to leave the hospital. He was in the shower when I got there”
“I didn’t fire her” Dad put his hands on his hips “I retired. There wasn’t a reason to have her here if I was going to be here, hands on 24/7”
After we both showered, brushed our teeth and changed into pajamas Peter joined me in my room and I knew he wasn’t going to leave. I took his hand and pulled him down the hallway to the master bedroom.  We climbed up into the king-sized bed and pushed the remaining clothes that didn’t make it into the suitcases to the floor. We laid down, me on Tony’s side and Peter on Steve’s. We couldn’t sleep so instead we laid there, hand in hand, talking about the future. I was scared but I had to be strong for Peter, and with Frigga’s funeral coming up in a few days I had to be strong for Loki. I couldn’t let all of this get to me. After Peter dozed off I laid awake, staring at the ceiling. Change was coming, and I didn’t like the feel of it at all.
“Numb, I guess.” I squeezed his hand “I haven’t spoken to him since Saturday night. I don’t even know what to say.”
Loki and I went our separate ways and I went to my first class. The day went by slowly but eventually it was time for study hall. Loki was already there and had commandeered our usual table in the back corner. I sat down and began to tell him everything my dad had told me about my real father and about the fight between him and Tony.
I sat in silence trying to comprehend everything he was telling me. He continued telling me the story of how Bucky was gone and my mother was dead. Neither of them had any immediate family, not any that would take me in, so he did. He had kept his promise to his best friend.
“I don’t know. He really thinks you’re better off with us. He thinks Tony can’t do as good of a job as he can at parenting and he wants you and I to bond.”
“Are you ok? Where are you? When are you coming home? Why haven't you called? I’ve been so worried” I talked a mile a minute
I walked to study hall, where I found an empty table in the back and sat down. I pulled out a notebook and pen but didn’t write anything.
Downstairs Dad was trying his best to act as if everything was completely normal. He had Bucky hiding in one of the guest quarters down the hall when Pepper and Peter came home.
“You’ve had a lot going on lately, Darling. Maybe you need this break to be with your family and take some time to work through things. Besides, it’s only for three days. One down, two left to go.”
I knew MJ wasn’t trying to hurt my feelings, but it struck a nerve that Steve very well couldn’t be my real dad like I had always thought. I went through volleyball practice occasionally glancing up at Loki. He was still reading his book, not seeming to pay attention to practice. The next time I
“I’m not sure what started it” Pepper said as she pushed a plate of apple slices and cheese toward us “They’ve been like this nearly all day”
Tony hated to drive anywhere unless he really wanted to, and didn’t really do much of the parenting if he could help it. He was a great dad, don’t get me wrong, but he was the fun dad. My dad, Steve, was always the one to attend the PTO meetings, chaperone field trips, take Peter and I to the doctor, anything that required an adult. Tony would leave the adulting up to his assistant, Pepper, or his driver, Happy. Happy wasn’t always “happy” to take care of us kids, but he did it because he got paid to. Pepper was always thrilled to spend time with us because Tony usually had her running all over the place doing ridiculous errands.
I looked up to see that the dark haired new kid was standing over me, pointing to the seat across from me.
My eyes widened as he stepped toward me, holding out his phone. I took it, looking from his disgruntled face to the screen. The TMZ website was opened and pictures from my adventure with Loki last night had been posted. I examined them closely, seeing Loki’s hand under my skirt as we played tongue tag. My face reddened with embarrassment. Our family was always susceptible to being snapped by the paparazzi, with Tony being a billionaire and Dad having the status he did in the military. We weren’t famous by any means, but our names were out there enough to have the tabloids fill their slow news day with the goings on in our life.
“Uhm..I invited Loki over for dinner.” I said, not looking at him “I thought you and Tony might like to meet him”
I looked back to the stands and had hoped Loki hadn’t seen the accident but he was looking right at me, his brow furrowed in concern. I shot him a thumbs up as my cheeks reddened in embarrassment. After practice the coach reminded us of the game we had Thursday and we were dismissed. I hurried to the locker room to change and rushed out the door.
After two painfully boring days I was back at school. Everyone kept staring at me and whispering to each other, but I didn’t care what they thought. I knew what I did was right. I headed to my locker between periods where I saw Flash walking in my direction. He had tape across his nose, which was swollen and bruised. He saw me and his eyes widened.
After school I went to the gym. I didn’t see Loki so I went into the locker room to change. When I went onto the court I ran up to MJ who began nudging me in the side and nodding toward the bleachers. I looked up and saw Loki sitting at the top, reading a novel.
“Uh” Loki said again “I assure you that I have every intention to treat Eleanor with the utmost respect. There is no need to rush into anything, I am enjoying just getting to know her.”
“Not much” I mumbled still thumbing my way through the row of books “You finish the test early too?”
Tony had a lot of cars, but the Bugatti Veyron was his most prized. He wouldn’t even let Peter and I ride in it in fear we’d make it sticky or dirty.
“Sure you are, Ellie, and I get it.” Bucky sighed “I messed up your life from the beginning and I’m sorry. Steve is hellbent on helping me start my life over and recover from everything, although I had told him a hundred times before he even brought me to the city that I’d be fine on my own.”
“Don’t tell me you think it’s okay for her to be out all night with some boy we know nothing about.”
When we were back in the car I pulled my phone out of the clutch I carried with me. Four missed calls and six text messages from Dad. I sighed and Loki looked at me.
I laughed and turned so that Loki and I were face to face. I wrapped my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly.
“Honey, I think you should give him a chance.”  Pepper said “He’s been through a lot and having you be open to him would probably help.”
We bolted toward the door. Well, MJ bolted, I walked as fast as I could in heels. I had made it past Dad and Tony on the couch and was almost to the front door. I breathed a sigh of relief as my hand went for the handle.
“El” Dad’s tone warned of my disrespect “I am just asking you to take a break from him for awhile. Focus on your exams and work through everything that’s going on.”
“He took in a newborn baby and raised it as if it were his own. Think about how difficult that must have been for him and everything he had to sacrifice.”
I glanced in the direction my best friend was frantically gesturing toward and my jaw dropped. There, alongside our assistant principal, stood two incredibly handsome boys. Definitely seniors, they had to be. The blond was tall, muscular and had obviously long hair even if it was pulled into a man bun. The second also had long hair, but it was black as onyx. You could tell they were new here, the blond looking around in confusion and the raven haired one looking like he'd rather be anywhere else.
“I want you to be committed to this relationship” Tony shouted “I am sick and tired of waking up every morning wondering if this is the day it’s going to end”
“You both are the worst.” I said to my dads as I went to join MJ in the kitchen but paused in the dining room as I overheard them talking to each other.
The next morning I got up early to get ready. Tony, Pepper, Happy and Peter greeted me downstairs with cheers and presents.
I looked at him puzzled. He just smiled and continued driving. I sat back and looked out the window, my fingers occasionally trailing over his as he drove through the streets. I noticed after a while that he had taken a turn in the opposite direction than my house but I didn’t say anything.
“It’s okay, he doesn’t bother me. I know how brothers can be, although mine’s younger and a dork.” I said as I walked over to one of the bookshelves and ran my finger along a line of books
Being in the kitchen with Tony that night was a lot of fun and it reminded us of better times when we were all a happy family, just Dad wasn’t there this time. Tony cranked up some classic rock and we danced around the kitchen like fools while making dinner just like we used to do.
We discussed things more before finally starting on our math homework. Soon after Peter was summoning us for dinner, and after an awkwardly quiet meal, MJ went home.
“Ellie…” Dad looked at me with sorrowful eyes “I’m doing what’s best for you right now, I know you don’t think so but I’m a bit older and wiser than you are--”
“You’ll do great, Ellie.” Tony patted my shoulder “Just think with a license, you can drive the Bugatti”
Dad blinked and took a step back. He looked at Tony who just shrugged. By this time Peter and Ned had come downstairs and Pepper and Happy had emerged from their quarters to see what the fuss was about.
When I arrived at the cafe Bucky was already waiting at a table for me. I sat down and ordered an omelette and a latte before sitting in awkward silence.  I hadn’t seen him since the first day I had met him and neither of us knew what to say.
“Hey, kiddo” Tony said as he leaned against my desk, fiddling with my rubix cube “You and Peter want to go do something today?”
I thanked them and they went on about their day and Peter went back upstairs to get ready for school. Tony sat next to me on the couch and put his arm around me.
I grabbed my backpack and slung it over my shoulder. I glared at him and stormed out of the school and down the steps.
“I may not have given you life, but I raised you from the day you were born.” he said with hurt in his voice
I opened my locker to find that a red envelope had been slid inside I opened it up and smiled to find a card embroidered with roses, with a note from Loki.
“I’m sorry” he said, not redirecting his eyes elsewhere “I just can’t believe that you’re here in front of me.”
“Your da--Bucky, he came to defense. Ran up behind the guy and demanded that he pick on someone his own size. Bucky was a decent sized fellow and pretty strong even before the Army, and gave the guy a good beating and sent him no his way. I think that’s why you’ve always been so protective of Peter. I’ve always known that you had Bucky’s spirit.”
I frowned and pulled out my phone. No calls or texts. I tried calling Loki but it went to voicemail.
“I’m happy to see you. It was a long weekend.” I sighed, the scent of his shampoo wafting off of his long hair as my fingers tangled in the strands
I heard the doorknob turn and I pushed Peter into his room, quickly closing the door behind us. They never liked it when we listened in on their arguing because they never wanted us to hear them be angry with each other. Peter’s bottom lip quivered and he looked at me with wide eyes.
“I want you to forget all the bullshit today, kid” he said as he pressed his lips against the side of my head “You deserve a happy, wonderful birthday”
Dad held out his hand. I looked at it and he appeared to be holding a piece of paper. I reached for it and once it was in my hand I realized that it wasn’t paper, but a photograph. Two men, one being my dad, in their Army uniforms were sat at a bar.
I walked over to the dresser and picked up the shattered frame. It was Dad and Tony’s wedding picture. They both had on tuxedos and happy smiles plastered against their faces. I put it back up the proper way and left the room. Peter had already been filled in on the situation and was sulking in the living room. I made my way over to him and was going to try to cheer him up when my phone rang. I pulled it out and saw Loki’s name on the screen.
“I was going to let the date go. I know it’s time for her to start, but staying out all night? Do you know the possibilities that went through my head?”
Tony sighed and pulled me close to him and I felt a few tears fall down my cheeks as I rested my head against his shoulder. Tony rubbed my back and then pulled away.
I figured playing a few rounds of Halo would help get my mind off of Loki’s situation and the mess going on at home.
I cleared my throat as I walked into the room and both men stopped talking immediately. Tony gave Dad a glaring look before taking a drink of his whiskey and Dad tried to make it seem like everything was fine.  I sat down at the table and began to fill my plate with selections of the Vietnamese take out laid out in the middle of the table. We all ate our food in silence.
I turned and went to my room and locked the door. I was still processing and a flood of emotions were sweeping over me.  I stayed in my room until I heard Peter come upstairs. I went to his room and sat on his beanbag chair. I didn’t know if I should bring up the fact that Bucky Barnes was in our house or not, not knowing how he would react.
Everyone gathered around me to look me over, ask me where I had been, why I didn’t call. Everyone except for my dad. He just stood still, staring at me. I tried to read his face but I couldn’t.
“I would very much like to take you out on a proper date. Are you available Friday night? Are there any Broadway plays you’d like to see?”
Tony reached over and smacked Peter on the back of the head and told him that he was excused. MJ was laughing so hard milk came out of her nose. I was afraid to look up and see the expression on either of my dads faces but I peeked through my fingers. Tony and Dad both were leaned back in their chairs, arms folded across their chest, staring at Loki and I.
“Loki, you will have to forgive Steve and Tony. They are just trying to be intimidating” Pepper shook her head “There’s really nothing to be afraid of.”
“You know, that’s just like you to ignore problems and hope they will just go away” Tony slammed his glass down on the table
I left the two of them to have a private moment and went to the nurses desk. I told her that they were ready to make the call and the nurse informed the doctor. A few moments later we were being ushered to the room. My heart stopped for a moment as I looked at Frigga’s body lying there with the ventilator and various wires attached to her.
The woman looked up from her clipboard for the first time. She looked at Tony, then Steve, then stared wide-eyed at the armor in the corner for a brief moment before fleeing the room.
Tony dropped himself in a chair next to Clint. It was a sausage fest in the kitchen that morning, or at least, Tony guessed it was morning since there was breakfast food present. Neither Thor nor Natasha were present. Thor because he was in New Mexico “aiding in the repair of the Bifrost,” which Tony was
Tony woke up alone, again. But Stark Tower was just the sparkling gem he had planned for and he had a beautiful girlfriend heading up his company, life was good…Except he’d been wearing long sleeved shirts for the past 2 weeks hiding the numbers that had suddenly appeared on wrist. He had a soul mate. And it wasn’t Pepper. Unsure of really what to do with that information he’d taken to ignoring it.
“The Mark VII weighs close to half a ton with me inside,” Tony, faceplate up, began to squirm a bit as if this emphasized his point, “put me down before your arms fall off.”
“Trust me, I’ve had worse working around here. Besides,” she said, eyes never leaving her task, “he’s barking up the wrong tree anyway.”
The other man got even more bashful, if that was possible, “Agent Romanoff.” Tony’s disbelief must have been evident as Bruce continued, “She…she came to get me in Calcutta. I didn’t even notice until we were half way here. We haven’t talked about it, for all I know she doesn’t even know.”
. Standing up for…not Tony. “It’s going to blow up in his face,” he asserted, “And, I’m going to be there when it does.”
Steve could see it in his eyes, Tony had regarded Agent Coulson as a friend. The Iron Man was impressive and powerful but Steve was beginning to realize Tony's real weapon was his tongue. The man babbled near constantly. He babbled to distract, to deflect. He babbled to defend himself and Steve ached to do that for him. Tony was hurting.
Tony blinked and rubbed his eyes, how long had it been since he’d blinked, how long had he been talking. He tried to compose himself. He was definitely not in the right frame of mind to be listening to his newest friend talk about his attempted suicide.
Loki, they called him. Steve thought it was a strange name but so many things were strange about this new century he had woken up in he was beginning not to question some of the smaller things. Smaller things like names or the flying suit of armor that landed beside him.
“You see,” Bruce said, like it hurt him a little to do so, “I don’t get a suit of armor. I’m exposed. Like a nerve. It’s a nightmare.”
“She’s one of Fury’s. She knows,” Tony said, confident in his assessment, he was always confident in his assessments. Bruce’s face turned a bit gloomier so Tony added, “I’m sure once the world isn’t in peril you’ll have your DTR, catch that you are.” Bruce smiled a tiny smile at that before deflecting to talk about gamma radiation and Tony mentally patted himself on the back for a job well done.
Tony looked at the small examine room and sagged, visible even in the armor, “Well this is going to suck.”
But then there was Steve Rogers and…Oh, Tony wanted to get under his skin. Wanted to bury himself in there like the stories of the great Captain America had been doing to him since childhood. He wanted to poke and prod and see just how much it took to
“I’m just saying, I know my childhood wasn’t ‘normal’ by any standards, but what kind of parents discuss kidnapping over the breakfast table?” Clint says on the battlefield later, because the man never met topic he could drop. It’s part of an ongoing conversation that the rest of the team is actively engaged in and that Steve is actively ignoring.
So when Fury made a reference to The Wizard of Oz Steve was more than happy to point it out. And if he turned to Stark while he said it, it was only because he was standing behind him and Steve couldn’t see him. Steve did not need Stark’s approval, nor did he want it…He was more than a little glad when the science twins headed off to the lab area waiting for them. Tony Stark was even more confusing to Steve than the rest of the 21st century.
"Don't worry about Stark," Agent Romanoff said, coming up behind him, "Coulson'll make sure he gets to the briefing on time."
more “bang.” Just got to hold out until either Steve informed him of a plan or his new green lab buddy showed up. Until then…
“I think my ankle’s broken,” there was a short cry where Steve assumed Tony had been Tony and tried to stand, “and possibly my leg.”
Never had it taken longer than the actual length of the explosion to get his mind off of personal things and into mission mode. But in the aftermath Stark was the first thing Steve saw and the first thing he thought of.
Distraction, "So, Portland. That kind of distance has got to put a strain on the relationship..." Agent didn't stop him so he just kept talking. Which was good. It was a good thing because if he stopped talking it was entirely possible the emptiness might swallow him whole.
“Note to self: all future upgrades of the Iron Man armor must have removable access panels. If I argue please refer me back to this incident.” “Hurts like a bitch,” he said, under his breath this time.
It goes without saying that Tony noticed Bruce’s zeroes, but, being Tony Stark he did say something. Bruce looked at his timer with something akin to surprise, a recent thing then…
Oh, this was bad. This was very, very bad. Tony had a brief moment, as his gauntlets lifted away from the turbine, to think,
They arrived in less than a minute. There were significantly less Doombots than where they left the rest of the team but it appeared they have had more time uninhibited because the street around them is in complete disarray. Tony hovers a few feet above the street and loosens his grip on Steve to let him drop down.
It completely boggled his mind that the first thing he’d done, after the Hollowing Commandos had officially received sanction, was to ditch the tights for some heavy-duty leather yet here he was: 70 years into the future and in tights again, like someone had looked at his USO costume and thought, “Yep, those are some swell threads right there.”
It was really kind of fitting that he was flying around in circles as his thoughts were doing the same in his head.
“Iron Man, on your 20!” Steve shouted into the comm system, though it isn’t necessary, Tony built them to detect the faintest whisper from the team.
It’s a logical step really. It makes deployment easier when the whole team starts in one place. Of course with half the Avengers homeless, at least this planet and century, one already living there, the remaining two were only too happy to trade their cell-like SHIELD accommodations for the luxuries of “Avengers Tower.” The fact Tony had issued invitations and designed quarters for them was besides the point, or it could have been the entire point but Tony liked to think it was his smiling face that did it.
of time to think, and all his stupid, genius brain seemed to want to think about was piercing blue eyes and warm, broad hands. Over and over his traitorous neurons kept repeating,
Never trust someone with shadows in their eyes, they will only lie to you. Steve reprimanded himself as he looked at the crates of Hydra weapons and SHIELD prototypes. For all the world had changed it had clearly stayed the same. People lied and waged war and tried harder and harder to come up with new, inventive ways of killing each other. As the doors to the lab opened to him he heard Stark’s voice ask, “What is ‘Phase 2?’”
Of course Rogers had to speak up, ruin his Bruce-buzz. If Tony wasn't so off kilter with the world in general right now he'd examine what kind of karma lay in store for people who got annoyed with Captain America but for the moment he just wanted to stick out his tongue and say, "Shut up, Rogers, no one was talking to you," like he was 5 years old again.
Even as he said it he wasn't thinking about Iron Man in the battle now sprung on them. He was thinking about the fact the Iron Man was
By the time Steve Rogers met Peggy Carter he’d become used to the asterisks that adorned his wrist where his countdown should have been. That didn’t mean that he ever stopped feeling that empty ache in his heart, he’d simply gotten used to it. But when he met Peggy, with her spirit like fire and her nerves like steel and her red zeroed out countdown, he thought he’d met a kindred soul. The night she found him, alone in a bombed out bar waging a war against the serum to drink away the pain of losing his best friend, she told him her story of loss.
It helped. Tony's dark mood, the one that had driven him out of the house and into the forest to begin with, began to fade away along with the bruise on his shoulder. Fury had been melodramatic about the whole thing, of course, but Tony had managed to largely misdirect Sharon and Peggy's concern with a few jokes. He didn't think either of them suspected just how uncomfortable he really was or the reason for it.
“You already know who I am, so let’s leave off all that nonsense,” Tony said. “This is an emergency, doctor. Mrs. Killian has had some sort of accident and she's injured."
." Captain Rogers stepped forward again. The tall breadth of him wasn't intimidating but it was overpowering. Tony held his ground. "Were you and Pepper courting? Did you propose to her?"
Tony glanced at her, startled out of his complaining. There had been a sly knowing in her voice, at odds with the indifference she'd maintained until now. Tony had really only taken one spectacular fall from a horse before when he was a boy. This whole situation felt a little like that, actually; the fight of the fall, the unexpected rescuer showing up afterward. It was how he'd met Captain Rogers and his mother and, eventually, Barnes himself.
Pepper had always been so clever. "A few hours." He looked away from her. "I don't think I can say sorry enough for what I said, Pepper. I wasn't—my head wasn't on quite straight. Not an excuse. You deserved better from me than that."
"It's a pretty little equation." Tony spoke up to distract everyone's attention. No reason for them to learn the real place Captain Rogers learned advanced geometrical equations from. "The basis is that
Tony breathed through the pain and forced himself to smile. "Well," he said. "We were much younger the last time we saw each other. He's certainly changed quite a bit as well."
A hand caught his elbow before he could make it two steps. The touch was light, easy to break out of, but Tony froze. He didn't look back.
"Gentlemen." Their squabble cut off abruptly under Mrs. Barnes' icy stare. Tony wondered if she would teach him how to do that. "Lord Stark has a point, I assume?"
"They were quite worried about the ladies' safety with only me for protection." That was enough to make the icy tendril climbing up Tony's back relax a little; how could anyone doubt Fury's protection was beyond him. "Seems they've been hearing some stories of the robbers we've been having trouble with these past months. So they decided it would be best to accompany us all back home."
Tony made a face. "Thirty's just around the corner, Rhodey," he complained. "I've been 'all grown up' for a while."
"Spending so much time away from it only makes us long for our homes more," Sousa said. "You'd be surprised to hear how often we can turn the conversation to where we come from, our families, our houses. I think I've heard every story from Steve and Bucky's childhood three times over." He tilted his head, smiling. "You feature in them a great deal."
That was true enough. Bella considered this and nodded slowly, though her keen eyes were more perceptive than Tony wanted them to be.
Yinsen hummed. "I'd still take it easy on any long walks, but I think we can reasonably clear you for light exercise without worry. I'd like it if you come back to let me take another look next week."
"It's not enough that you're facing him tonight, you have to spend every moment torturing yourself on what he else he might have done to crush your heart further?"
attendees at the dinner party: sousa, the original howling commandos, the furys, the carters, tony, steve, and the barneses. a full house! the quoted poem is blake's "auguries of innocence" which... was not yet published at the time i'm setting this story (it came out in 1863 but this story, like persuasion is set in 1814/15). that said, i'm not a fan of romantic poets and it was the only poem i liked enough to actually use.
Poetry was, largely, meaningless to Tony - he could appreciate a well-turned phrase or a beautiful line, but he had little patience for parsing it for deeper meaning or practicing the shape of the words in his mouth. Still, he could appreciate Sousa's recitation - he spoke with deep feeling and obvious love for the words.
That made Sharon perk up in her chair. She turned to Tony with wide, interested eyes. "Are you already engaged? Lord Stark, you never said!"
There were, Tony mused, few situations so awkward as pomading down a lovely forest path with the love of your life whose hand in marriage you ruthlessly rejected. The silence stretched between them, thick as molasses. Up ahead, Tony could faintly hear Sousa's awkward attempts at explaining the properties of an oak tree.
He’d known they'd moved in, of course. Coulson had been quite clear about the timeline. It was part of the reason he had decided to spend his afternoon at Pepper's, repairing bits and bobs around her house. He'd needed the distraction.
The gears were intricate and complicated inside, but not so much that Tony couldn’t get the hang of it rather quickly. The mechanism was bent, that was all, deep within the guts of the clock—it had prevented the gears from turning smoothly and stuck the hands. Tony straightened it out and replaced the gears he’d had to take out to find it, putting everything back in its proper place. It was only as he was fixing the last of the gears that he heard someone clear his throat from above him.
"Sorry." Tony turned away from them to try and get his equilibrium back. "It's just not that big a deal. That's it. We were young, we had a—a fling and it didn't work out. It happens all the time and nobody falls apart because of it."
Tony had long resigned himself to being shorter than most men around him. He still huffed, glad to release some of the growing tension in the air.
Tony didn’t look up from his sheaf of papers he'd brought to entertain himself while Pepper worked on a dress for the baby. He’d spent most of the last hour refining his projects and he was nearly finished—his brain was awhirl with intricate cogs and machinery, hardly able to focus on anything worldly. He made an inquiring hum. Pepper huffed.
Awkward silence fell between them at the memory of their last conversation. Tony shuffled on his feet and thrust the flower at her again. This time, she took it, though she rolled her eyes a little as she did.
Coulson’s eyebrows went up. “Surely you’ll at least stay for dinner!” he said. “They are aware that they are displacing you, Lord Stark. They seemed most eager to meet your acquaintance.”
An ache spread under his breastbone, sharp and piercing as a physical wound. But what right did he have to be wounded? As far as Captain Rogers knew, Tony had dropped their—their—
Tony jumped. Mrs. Barnes only turned. Her hand was already coming up to touch her husband's cheek as he seemingly melted out of the shadows. Had Barnes always been capable of creeping around like that? Tony doubted it was something they taught in the Navy.
The tension seeped out of the Captain all at once, his shoulders relaxing and the harsh lines of his face easing. Tony's hands clenched and his stomach churned. What did it even matter if he proposed, he thought. Captain Rogers was going to marry Peggy, he hated Tony, they were nothing but the lingering shadow of old pain to each other—
He hadn't had a good excuse to get out of this dinner, though he'd cycled through half a dozen ones that might work in a pinch. Since Mrs. Barnes had mentioned him by name in her invitation  -
"Oh, that," Tony said. "Well, we'll see, won't we? If Pepper's baby comes sooner, I might be in London by next week."
He stood outside, watching the moon and the dark trees. It was only when he felt like he could breathe again that he took Goose into the stables and set out for the house.
Mr. Coulson was waiting for Tony in the foyer when he arrived back at the manor. He was as solemn as Jarvis, but there was a bit of a smile playing around his mouth.
"My apologies," Sousa said, mouth twitching as he took in Tony's dishevelment. "I didn't expect to meet anyone out here."
“I’m to take my proper place as a peer of the realm,” Tony said with no little bitterness. He shook his head. “Look, Pepper. I wanted to say that I’m—I’m sorry about what happened last time. It was awful of me and I shouldn’t have said any of it. I was just—” Tony shook his head again. He couldn’t even begin to voice how he’d felt then. “I’m sorry.”
She just inclined her head. He offered her his arm and led her into a surprisingly full and boisterous parlor.
"Knave," Captain Rogers shot back, but he smiled. He turned to them, still carefully keeping his eyes on Peggy. "We'd be happy to join you. He lives in town?"
"Very well," he said. "Lead the way. I'll be back here, trying to find a stick I can escort so I feel a little less left out."
"Just until your mother's better," Tony said agreeably. "How's that sound? I get you out of this, you come and help me look after my friend Pepper."
"You're just returning now?" Fury asked as they pulled up close. "We expected you back an hour ago."
“Lieutenant Barnes was from their mother’s first marriage,” he said. “He decided to keep his father’s name even when his mother remarried.”
, anyway? Tony was sure his father wouldn't share confidences with Fury even though they'd been neighbors for years. Fury was just a baronet; not worthy of an earl's time, in Howard's opinion.
"What?" Barnes said when he noticed Tony looking. "I remember the way he used to shout at you whenever he caught you in their garden stealing flowers."
Tony turned. The tall, dark-haired woman standing behind him, her hair done in exquisite curls and her mouth rogued a somewhat scandalously deep red, couldn’t be that much younger than him. She offered him a wry smile.
“She’s probably going to use worse when she sees your face again,” Fury said. “It was her petunias you boys pulled up, remember?”
"He wasn't wrong." Tony swallowed, looking down at where Rhodey had his hand instead of at their faces. "Obie, I mean. He said Captain Rogers would go off to war and there was no guarantee he would come back. He could go out there and—and." He gritted his teeth. "Obie said Howard never would fund Cambridge if I married against his wishes. I could never afford it without him."
"He does dote on her so," Bella continued. She sounded very pleased. "I was so happy when he came to visit right after our dinner together - I had hoped he would take a shine to one of the girls, but I didn't think he would do it so quickly or so obviously! We must have a summer wedding, don't you think? It will be lovely here in the summer."
"What?" Parker blinked and his mouth dropped open. "Oh! Oh no, definitely not—I mean, Harley's nice enough but he's kind of mean and that's not really—I mean, maybe I could get past that eventually, but—"
Tony didn't think he could bear it, especially not after Captain Rogers and Peggy were married. It was hard enough to witness Peggy's soft blushes and obvious happiness now, to see Captain Rogers warmth and goodwill directed elsewhere.
"I know you don't," Tony said. That seemed to take some of the wind out of his sails and he blinked at Tony. "But Mr. Toomes seems determined to punish you and he won't be convinced unless you give me a reason to convince him."
Pepper snorted. "It is good to have a dream," she told him with mock condescension. Tony made a face at her and she laughed, sitting back in her chair. “If it
The question came out like an order. Tony flinched from the bite in the Captain's voice and hurriedly got to his feet. He wobbled on his bad ankle, still tender and mostly asleep after sitting for so long. Captain Rogers' eyes flickered down to his bare feet and Tony resisted the urge to try and hide them from his gaze.
They both stared at him. Tony gently put Pepper back in her chair and tried to ignore the way his skin felt like it was two sizes too small. God, he didn't want to talk about this.
Tony didn't flush out of years of long practice. He'd been told, by more than one person, that he had a tendency to ramble when it came to his passion projects. Carefully, he straightened in his chair.
Without pausing for breath, Tony went into the usual spiel about the construction of his engine, which would allow more power and take more weight, and how he planned to include a more streamlined combustion engine. He'd spent enough time having this kind of discussion with his peers at Cambridge that it was almost soothing to give the lecture, even if Harley clearly had very little idea of what he was talking about.
Sharon had gone back to her breakfast, but Peggy looked between Tony and Fury with a crinkled brow. Tony offered her a reassuring smile, hoping that would soothe her even if he was a little curious at what she thought about the little byplay.
Something stole over her face, too fleeting to get any more than a faint impression of a deep sadness. Once again, Tony wasn't sure how much of it was true and how much projected for his benefit. She carefully touched one of the books with her fingertip and sighed.
It only took a few minutes. "Well," Yinsen said, leaning back. "The swelling is down considerably and there doesn't appear to be any further damage. Does it still hurt?"
Tony smiled through the throb of pain. “That’s him,” he said. “Got himself married to a wealthy heiress, lucky sod.”
Tony laughed, glad that it didn't come out strangled. "How enterprising," he said. "Fury's missed his calling as an overbearing season mama, I see. Next thing you know he'll be marrying one of you off to me."
Pain. Tony cried out in surprise as the ground rushed toward him and just managed to catch himself on his knees and elbows to avoid planting his face directly in the grass.
"Hm." Dr. Yinsen fiddled for another minute and turned, a small stack of books in his hands. "Here. Everything I have on the brain. Not all of it is related to amnesia, of course - research about it is still ongoing and my resources are much more restricted here, but it should suffice as an introduction to the subject."
He sat in the open space between her and Peggy. "My apologies," he said with a wink. "I should know better than to deprive you of my company. No one should only have to deal with your uncle at the breakfast table."
He snuck a peek at her and winced at her trembling mouth. "This is why you said those things." It wasn't a question. "When I—when I confessed. How soon after all this was it, Tony?"
Captain Rogers didn't speak as he reached for Tony for the second time that day, taking him firmly around the waist and lifting him into the carriage without any sign of strain. His hands were warm and broad through Tony's thin jacket, creating pinpricks of heat down Tony's sides. Tony was too startled to react and he allowed himself to be handled like a doll. Captain Rogers set him down gently in the back seat of the carriage, careful of Tony's bad ankle. He began to pull away when his eyes caught on Tony's. They were closer than they'd been in years, practically breathing the same air. Tony's heart fluttered, hummingbird quick, in his chest. His lips parted. Captain Rogers' eyes darted down to them, pupils dilating and Tony, weak as he was, couldn't help leaning in just a little. It had been so long.
There was the rush of feet on the ground and Tony lifted his head to find four faces looking down at him with varying levels of concern. He forced down his embarrassed blush; half of them had seen him do much worse things than fall down on flat ground.
Tony didn't flinch. He widened his smile until his cheeks hurt. "No," he said. "I'd be surprised if he did. Maybe we can keep that part between us, hm? Our little secret?"
He thought Harley was going to argue, but after a moment of incredulous side-eyeing, he adopted a crumpled, wet expression that was so miserable Tony almost applauded. He offered the boy a wink instead and then went back to the door, where Toomes waited like a vulture, arms crossed and toe practically tapping the floor. Tony offered him an easy smile.
"My husband says that Mr. Wilson will present his suit by the end of the month, but I'm convinced Captain Rogers will make a bid for our Peggy very soon. What do you think? You knew him best as a child - do you think he will propose next week? The week after?"
Parker's gaze slid guiltily away from Tony. He must know about the rumors about the Starks being involved, then. At least, Tony thought a little wryly, he could count on the kid not being able to hide a lie from him. He wore everything on his face.
"I'm sorry madam," Tony managed to wheeze out. Gods, his side felt like it was on fire. "I don't know you."
Tony couldn't help imagining the kid with a wagging tail and dog ears. There was something puppy-ish about him. He clapped him on the shoulder and gave it a firm squeeze.
When Tony returned to Shield Hall that evening, it was to utter chaos. He stood in the main hall, watching bemusedly as Fury’s wife, Peggy, and her cousin Sharon all chattered excitedly amongst themselves, each one louder than the last. Fury, ensconced in a chair in the corner, looked aggrieved and long-suffering. Tony winked at him and Fury rolled his eyes.
Saturday was beautiful and warm, with clear blue skies. Before Tony could slip away to Pepper's, he was cornered by Sharon.
They had definitely not been talking about trees. Sousa had even said it with a straight face. Tony eyed him, both impressed and unnerved by the easy lie.
He tried taking a step forward and his leg almost buckled. Tony gritted his teeth. Barely two weeks back and he was already more injured than he'd ever been during his time at Cambridge. Was this area cursed or something?
“Very well,” he said. “I’ll be right outside, Mrs. Killian. We should check a few more things before I return to my clinic.”
Fury made the same deep, disbelieving sound Tony remembered hearing so many times as a child. It was as deeply annoying now as it had been then. Tony made a face at him.
Tony jumped. The short, unassuming man approaching him down the hallway was utterly unknown to him. He took in the unfashionably clipped hair and the plain, patched clothes.
Tony thought and thought. Pepper, bless her, let him with only the hint of a question in her face. But she was right—there was no one else with the time and no one else Tony trusted enough that he’d be able to leave without worry.
“I’m sure we’ll all be able to forget any past… mistakes and get along just fine,” Tony said. “I can promise I’ll be an excellent house guest! I’ll speak quietly and cordially and put all my books back in the right place in the library and I’ll only steal a few pieces of silverware!”
It was one lance after another. Tony wanted to be relieved, but there could only be one explanation for Captain Rogers' improved mood - the introduction of a new love, one that could actually return his affections and accept his proposal. Peggy was the cause of this uplift in mood, not Tony. He swallowed.
"No mischief," Tony protested. Fury snorted. "Hardly any! I just—Peter Parker came to see me and he was nearly in tears because that Toomes character was going to cut off the boy's hand for stealing some loaves of bread." Tony frowned at Fury. "Is that what the going rate is for petty thievery nowadays?"
The moment passed. Captain Rogers' face shuttered once more and his mouth thinned. Peggy looked between them, brow crinkling as she registered the obvious tension for the first time. Damn. Tony smiled.
"If I take the boy in, no more thievery. If I help his mother get well so she can work, no more thievery." Tony knew his voice was too hard, his face too angry, but he couldn't quite keep it hidden anymore. "If you
Pepper looked down at him. She gave a watery smile. "You're going to bully your way into helping out around the place too, aren't you?"
"You wound me, madam!" Tony kept his voice light and cheerful. "Weren't you telling me only yesterday how empty the house felt?"
Tony blinked. They'd made it up to the stables, with its array of horses and several dark carriages.
"Some old toys?" Mrs. Barnes drifted over. "These were yours, Lord Stark? Did you make these yourself?"
Tony could have told him that he hated the idea of it or that he felt sorry for a kid who had to steal food in order to survive. Harley wouldn't like that, though - Tony could see that plain as day. He wouldn't accept Tony's charity or pity. It reminded Tony more than a little of himself at that age.
Tony was glad to be in the back, mostly facing away from the Furys. He couldn't imagine what his face looked like at that moment and he didn't have the strength to summon up a pleasant mask. It was far easier to modify his voice.
"Mrs. Fury is swapping stories with Mrs. Farnsworth and Mrs. Jones about sea travel." Mrs. Barnes waved her hand. What should have been irreverent was a strangely graceful gesture. "They won't miss me for a little while. You're missing the party too, you know."
The sheer idea made Tony’s chest throb, his stomach tightening into such a knot that he almost felt sick. He clenched his hands into fists, reveling in the harsh bite of his fingernails into his palm, the pulled skin of his knuckles. He needed to get a grip. It had been six years, hadn't it? He should be over it, shouldn’t he?
Tony closed his eyes. It had been years since he’d heard that name. It was only in his darkest, loneliest moments that he even allowed himself to think about it, and even then it was always brief. It had to be. Tony could hardly bear the weight of it for any length of time.
"So when Captain Rogers started making noise about trying to join a ship, I asked him to write." Tony breathed in sharply through his nose. He'd never talked to anyone about it, not back then. "He had conditions."
His only other stop was the florist. He ignored the girl's inquiring stare when he bought a bouquet of blooming lilies and carnations, requesting a simple wrap. He'd gone into town early to avoid notice but he could feel the looks as he hobbled back to his carriage with the flowers. There'd be more rumors about odd Lord Stark today. Tony amused himself on the drive out of town with what they might say.
Pepper gave him a look. “You know as well as I that even this,” she nodded to her huge belly, “wouldn’t stop the gossip if I moved in with one of you. Come on, Tony. Be reasonable.”
“Well, he is a most eligible gentleman, is he not? He won so much money in the war and he’s a captain at such a young age! Anybody would be lucky to marry someone like that, don’t you think?”
"He's told me that his mother is ill enough that she can no longer work and that his acts of thievery were to provide food for himself and his younger sister." Tony said it all lightly, but he kept his eyes focused on Toomes. He saw the way he grimaced. "Were you aware of his circumstances?"
He waited for her nod before he raced out of the house, running faster than he had since he was twelve years old.
“I never thought I’d be grateful for your odd hours,” Pepper said. “I’m not sure what I would have done if you hadn’t come by to check on me so early.”
Captain Rogers had ducked his head. Blushed a little. “I mean—if it looks like him, you’ll think of him when you see it,” he’d said.
Tony had never seen Barnes fold so swiftly for someone who wasn't Steve. His head lowered and he let out a long, annoyed sigh.
"Oh?" he asked, faux-cheerful. "Is this the bet about which of you will confess your undying love for me first?"
"You are." Fury's glare deepened. "And I don't suppose your decision to handle this sudden emergency immediately had anything to do with the dinner you were supposed to be attending?"
Tony couldn't do this anymore. "Well," he said and shoved the sword back at Captain Rogers. "As neat as this trip down memory lane has been, it sounds like we've worn out our welcome. You can keep these - burn them, throw them away, whichever you like. I'd better go find the others. Mrs. Barnes, Captain."
“Rhodey didn’t even like telling me you got married,” Tony said. “What? He's not here? Where the hell did he go?"
Barnes waited as Tony ambled out of the carriage, not reacting even when he knocked his bruise climbing out and made a low hiss.
The door opened. Tony's heart kicked into overdrive. Two figures were outlined by the light, tall and broad. Oh, no. No, no, no.
"Of course, that makes sense. She said she's been friends with Lord Stark since they were children." There was a long pause. "You know, I wish she had married Lord Stark instead of that awful Killian man."
Tony distantly heard their merry promises to keep an eye out. His entire body tingled and his vision swam in and out, as if he were drunk or extremely tired. As the carriage jostled to a start, he had to hurry to grab the nearest railing to keep from falling over. He managed to look at the others as they pulled away, but Captain Rogers was not looking back at him. Tony stared at his fair head until they turned a corner on the forest road and the group disappeared from sight altogether.
Harley looked from his face to his hand and then cautiously reached out and shook it. Steve took it back with a bemused stare at his fingers.
Tony shifted from one foot to the other, wincing a little at putting his full weight on his tender ankle. He didn't think it was obvious until Captain Rogers looked over at him, brow furrowing.
Tony waited, but the Captain didn't offer an explanation. Barnes had loved Mrs. Rogers as much as the Captain had. As much as Tony himself had. He should be there as well and it niggled at Tony's curiosity that he wasn't. He'd always had a terrible time containing that particular vice, but he bit his tongue. If he stuck his nose in Barnes' business, he had a feeling it would get bitten off.
Tony didn't exactly want to start a fist-fight at a dinner table. But he could hardly let something so horrific pass without saying
"I've heard from the Carters that you've moved here recently," Tony said. "Where did you live before?"
Her brow furrowed. Tony imagined that she knew what it did to her lovely face - doubtless, more than one man had been swayed by that tiny motion. He stood firm.
Tony exchanged a startled look with Captain Rogers. After a moment, the Captain made a little motion for Tony to keep talking.
writing a period-appropriate nat was both fun and challenging. i didn't actually expect this chapter to keep growing on me like it did. i promise we won't be doing all angst all the time, though I do enjoy torturing tony.
"Still as hearty as ever, that one. He'll outlive all of us." She turned to Peggy and eyed her. "In any case, we need to be going if we're to enjoy the weather before the sun sets. Shall we? There's a particularly nice walk along the edge of the forest."
"Strange, then, that you can't seem to be in the same room together. And he made the oddest comment about you the other day."
"Is there anyone else in your house?" Tony asked when Harley didn't speak. "A father or brothers? Sisters?"
“A potential tenant,” Coulson said. “He was very interested in the place when we spoke yesterday. Tomorrow he will give his final offer and you may accept or decline as you see fit.”
"Relax, kid." Tony tucked the letter into his breast pocket. "I'll make sure he gets it. Unless you want to come for a visit?"
"My cousin is inside with the Wilsons and Lieutenant Barnes," Peggy continued. "Come, I think you've earned yourself a bit of a sit-down."
Tony opened and closed his mouth several times, so indignant he was at a loss for words. Fury watched, mouth ticking up just the tiniest bit. Bastard.
He left before the Captain could say anything else, climbing into his carriage and clicking his tongue for the horses. He wished it didn't feel like he was running away. He wished even wished Captain Rogers would, against all odds, ask him to stay. But he was silent as Tony made his escape, only watching as Tony directed the horses back to the road.
"My heart is tied to my work, Miss Carter, as it likely always will be. I haven't met anyone who could distract me from it yet."
"Meant or not, I can't let slander like that go unanswered," he said, keeping his voice light so that Sousa would know he was joking. Mostly, anyway. "Here, a wager; I'll bet I can convince you of the beauty of just one equation - just one! - or I'll drop out of Cambridge tomorrow."
"Well, I can recommend some excellent doctors," he said. "One of my old classmates lives in London now - he's the best I've ever seen, maybe a little eccentric, but honestly when you get over the clothes and the hair and the antisocial attitude—"
That made both of the girls laugh, though Fury didn't so much as crack a smile. Tony didn't glare at him but it was difficult. Why was he bringing up promises and engagements? How did he
Tony snorted. "Happy isn't the word I'd use." He pulled out another book. "Any interest in Shakespeare?"
"I've been told more than once I'm terrible at being an earl's son," Tonya assured her, smiling. "Besides, the water pump put up a mighty fight. Clearly it knew I shouldn't be sticking my noble nose where it doesn't belong."
"All the same, I'm surprised. You must know as well as I do that my husband won't welcome your help."
Tony bared his teeth in a hard, bright smile. “Well, I do love to surprise,” he said in his airiest voice.
Tony took his time getting to his feet again and making his slow, limping way down the forest road. It was a quiet walk and if it wasn't for the pain in his ankle, he might have enjoyed it immensely. When he was a child, he had always escaped to the forest to be alone with his thoughts, taking refuge along the river or amongst the trees. It had always been a private place to him, a kingdom all his own.
Captain Rogers thought him a weak-minded coward. He would pity anyone Tony married. Tony had always suspected the Captain's feelings, but it had hurt more than he thought to have them confirmed. And yet. And
The long explanation to Jarvis had been unpleasant, but they had worked things out between them. Jarvis would make inquiries in town about additional staff that afternoon and Tony, well—Tony walked the house.
Rhodey softened. He crouched down in front of Pepper and took her hands in his, even the one with the snot-covered handkerchief. "I get that, I do. But we're here now, okay? So let us help."
originally i was going to trundle steve and bucky off to the naval academy, but further research revealed that it was looked down on by the navy during its time. the more you know! steve and bucky both were not likely to get on a ship without someone to speak for them - howard filled that role and got them a berth on a good ship.
"I see." Tony knew he sounded sharp, but he couldn't quite keep it from his voice. The price for that amount of food was something he wouldn't have even noticed spending - to condemn a boy so young for it was grotesque. "Mr. Keener. Peter tells me your mother is ill."
Tony tightened his grip on the side of the carriage. Best not to fall again; he'd never live it down. "Oh?' he heard himself ask as if from a distance.
next chapter is written and needs to be edited, so i'll hopefully get it up sooner rather than later. in the meantime, comments & kudos are always welcome.
"I think I know what that looks like, Lord Stark." Captain Rogers began to walk faster. When had he grown so tall, anyway? Tony wanted to lodge a complaint. He had to hop just to keep up. "I'm pretty familiar with you running away."
"—any of my concern?" Tony allowed his smile to cool. "I think you'll find it is, sir. I wish to speak to the boy."
Captain Rogers made some kind of noise. "I didn't—" He cleared his throat. "I hadn't realized they courted."
the Captain's close companions then they might actually have some idea of who he was. He didn't think Captain Rogers would have shared any of the details of their falling out, even with men under his command, but Tony couldn't be sure. And even leaving that aside, Tony was an academic, no soldier; he wasn't sure that any of these men, hardy veterans that they were, would be that interested in talking to him anyway.
“Mr. Barnes,” Jarvis said after a long moment. “I haven’t heard much about him since he went into the Navy.”
Tony was pretty sure he was having a heart attack. He scrambled to his feet and fell back to one knee as his body protested the sudden movement. He ignored it, scanning the woods for whoever had spoken, heart jumping so quickly in his chest he was honestly surprised he hadn't swooned like a young child.
Oh, God. Tony's stomach dropped. He needed an excuse, any excuse, but he couldn't think of anything. Useless, useless brain.
"Conditions." Rhodey's voice was flat with fury. He knew Howard Stark too well to think of him with any kindness. "What kind of conditions?"
"For your impending marriage." Captain Rogers' nostrils flared. "I've heard the rumors. Everyone says you're going to propose any second."
Tony propped his hip against the nearby counter, tucking his borrowed books close to his side. "My point is if I'm going to be tarred and feathered I want to know exactly what crime I committed. Call me old-fashioned."
say about me? I hope he’s not pining away still. I’ve told him once and I’ll tell him again, sometimes people just aren’t compatible.”
"To be honest with you, Lord Stark, I worried over him for quite some time. That's partly why I made the trip out here."
,” Tony said. Fury gave him a look and he shrugged. “Well. Yes, that’s the gist of it. What do you say?”
"Very pregnant," he said, keeping his unease under wraps. "If the baby doesn't come soon, I think she's going to riot."
The boy who sat at the dining room table could not have been more than thirteen years old. Tony's stomach clenched at the boy's downturned head and pale face, the way he clenched one wrist with a grip so tight his knuckles had gone bloodless. He was dressed in plain clothes that had clearly been patched many times.
"Fine, fine," he said, holding up his hands. "No, I am not going to spend every minute today wishing for an earthquake."
More strange looks. Tony was beginning to worry a little bit about his reputation in town. He hadn't noticed any especially dark looks the few times he'd been there, but both times he'd been rather focused on other things. He'd been a bit of a rascal as a child, but surely there weren't any negative feelings because of that?
Tony stepped forward. He needed to put himself out of his misery - the only thing worse than imagining their courtship was hearing it for himself.
“Oh, yes,” Tony said. “I didn’t bring much. Dr. Yinsen seems to believe Pepper will be having the baby within the month, and I’m due in London after that.”
"Well." Tony considered the dark woods around them, Goose still sidling nearby, his bruised side. "It's not the best place for a first introduction. And I've never been particularly good at propriety."
The carriage came to a stop. Tony ducked out before the driver could get the door, freezing when he realized the entire household had gathered to greet him. They were, all of them, entirely new to him except—
"Not that kind of party. A welcome home party. Just the three of us." Rhodey looked at Tony and back at Pepper and, proving he was definitely the most sentimental of the three of them, his eyes misted just a little. "It's been years since we've all been in the same room together. You and Pepper have finally made up. Pepper's having a
Tony had just reached the edge of town when he heard the shouting. He turned and offered a little wave to Mr. Parker. The poor boy was flushed, clothes hanging off of him in a wrinkled wreck. He blew his bangs out of his face and beamed at Tony.
"I'll . . ." He turned back to the carriage, back to the door. Fury watched stoically, his uncovered eye piercing. "I think—"
"So?" he asked Sousa with a hint of a grin to make the joke clear. "Am I dropping out of Cambridge?"
“You do that,” Tony said. He began to make his way for the stairs, then paused. “You know, I don't think you ever told me their name. The couple, I mean."
"I had read some books on advances in fossil record," he said, still distracted by the mystery of the Captain's absence. Was he still standing outside? "Fury's manor had more rocks around it than mine did, so I thought I might have better luck there."
Harley came to his rescue. He was going to end up owing that kid all kinds of favors if this kept up.
Tony didn’t want to open the letter. His father hadn’t sent any since he’d started attending Cambridge five years ago after his mother’s death. His father had been unconvinced of the merits of attending university at all, but Tony had roped Obie to his side, having him cite all the noble sons who were attending and making contacts and friendships with other noble sons. Tony had kept his mouth shut on that front. Obie was his father’s oldest friend and the best negotiator Tony had ever met; he was the only one who could ever really get through to Howard other than Tony’s mother. Besides, it didn’t matter if his father thought that Tony was only going to Cambridge as a stepping stone on his way to the House of Lords and what Howard considered Tony’s future, not if it meant Tony could actually learn from something other than outdated books and his own imagination. He’d had other reasons to want to get out of the Manor, but his father also hadn’t needed or wanted to know about them.
"There is nothing as intolerable to me as an easily persuaded mind," he said. "Flitting from this thing to that, changing your opinion with the wind. Allowing others to sway you from what you know to be true or good."
Bella offered it to him with a kind smile. “He’s very polite, isn’t he?” she asked. “An upstanding young man. You would never guess that he used to steal our tulips and harass our geese.”
"Travel on them!" Peggy had two spots of color on her cheeks, eyes bright; obviously excited instead of nervous. "You really think that will be something anyone can do?"
Tony pointed at the paper again with more emphasis. "But they're all there, too!" he said and saw his enthusiasm catch, just a little, in the answering smile on Dugan's face. "See there—addition, subtraction, and exponentials. Simple forms holding down the more complex ones, all intermixed. But the true beauty from this equation - this one especially, but really all equations - is the
"Bucky's starting to get a little tired," Captain Rogers said. He obviously didn't notice Tony, tucked away on the other side of the room. "I think it's time to send everyone home and our guests to bed. What are you doing up here, anyway?" He smiled. "Are you really already tired of Mrs. Jones' gossip?"
"Is this because he still doesn't know you pulled up the petunias? I told you, he probably guessed—"
Pepper sighed. “That’s the rumor, anyway. I don’t know if I can trust it. I haven’t seen Captain Rogers since before he went off to sea as a child.”
Pepper and Tony exchanged surprised looks. They’d shouted that in unison at a startled Yinsen. Pepper immediately went sheepish, eyebrows drawing down.
Tony waved a hand. "I'm just doing my patriotic duty," he said. " Helping a veteran in need - I might start singing the national anthem." He snorted. "No, sorry, I wouldn't torture you like that. No one needs to hear me sing. But the point is, it's no trouble. Banner's an odd duck, but he's got a knack for medicine."
“The wife is supposedly quite beautiful,” Pepper said. “And rich—she had several trunks all on her own. And Bucky…” Her face went pained. “He’s been injured, Tony,” she said quietly.
"Nothing that bad, Mrs. Fury," Rhodey assured her. "But now that I'm here, it's time I have a little conversation with Pepper."
"Uncle's just being suspicious," Peggy said with an eagle eye turned on Fury. Fury looked indifferent to it. "He can't imagine why anyone would want to actually get to know their neighbors, considering he's avoided his for so many years."
They could, of course. Anything was possible. But Tony could already see how the evening would go, as clearly as if he were Kassandra herself. He would joke too much and be too loud in an effort to cover up his own distress, coping methods he had long since recognized and come to terms with; Captain Rogers would retreat and make pointed, passive-aggressive remarks. Tony would get louder and meaner in response and everything would quickly go to hell in a handbasket.
Peter, instead of taking back his chair, just looked at Tony considering-ly then, with a nod of determination, plopped himself down in Tony’s gold-titanium alloy lap, arms crossed.
“The armor will hold it in place well enough,” Tony replied, obviously trying for flippant but hitting way off mark when he was forced to make another pained sound.
It goes without saying that Stark frustrated Steve to no end. He was everything about this new century that made Steve uncomfortable, that pointed out just how much he’d missed, how much he’d lost. Stark was all high speed and references that were far clear of Steve’s ability to relate. The longer it went on the more he began to suspect that the other man, both older and younger than him at the same time, was doing it on purpose. It had stopped being a welcome diversion and was now an itch under his skin, reaching out for Stark like a touch would shut him up.
. To work through this. For all his genius Tony really wasn't sure what to make of Rogers. Just 5 minutes ago it was clear. But, now...Now he felt a warmth at the base of his spine like Rogers' hand never left and the blue of the HUD only served to remind him of blue eyes searing into him.
"No, Brucey-bear, not a chance," Tony knew where his insta-friend was going and waved his hand dismissively to cut it off, "You've heard the stories. I grew up on them:
After a few moments, painful it seemed on Tony's part, of gently manipulating his ankle, the woman announced, "Well he was right about one thing, his ankle isn’t broken.”
been hoping that restarting the turbine, saving thousands of lives, would make for a nice distraction.
Flying was simple. Flying wasn't a girlfriend who deserved better. Flying wasn't infuriating SHIELD secrets kept too long. Flying wasn't a timer that was probably, hopefully, ticking backward, taking him further from the one he was empty for. Flying was simple, his suit, the open sky, simple. Flying was relief.
“Yeah, yeah, Capsicle, don’t get your star spangled panties in a bunch,” Tony responds but Steve could hear the laughter in his voice and, not for the first time, wishes it could always be like this, not the battle but the easiness it brings between him and Tony. In the time since the Avengers first “assembled” he had come to regard Tony as his best friend but still there seemed to be a fundamental language barrier between the two of them.
Tony wasn't really listening to Fury's whole speech. He was too angry and he didn't have a history of handling his anger well. He was angry at Agent for thinking he could go up against Loki on his own; angry at Fury for using his friend's death for his own agenda; angry at his soul mate for not showing; angry at the universe for being so needlessly cruel.
." So it came out more sarcastically than he meant, he really couldn't care at this moment. He was justified. More than justified. He was
Steve just frowned harder at his statement. After assuring himself Tony was seated safely on the floor he turned to a nearby young boy, clearly on his own and clearly intent on the interaction between them. “Hi.” Tony was a little more than puzzled by this turn of events.
“Mr. Stark,” even though he’d read Anthony “Tony” Stark’s file and knew he was the face behind the metal mask Steve couldn’t help that Howard’s face flashed in his mind as he said the words. He was ashamed of himself for it. He’d spent a good amount of time familiarizing himself with Tony Stark’s presence and influence in this new time in order to avoid just such a happening. There was no way a man as enigmatic as Howard Stark left much room for a son to stake his own claim. Tony Stark doubtlessly wanted to make his own name in the world. From what Steve could see the world wouldn’t let him. Everywhere he looked was Stark Technologies and following close behind was talk of Tony Stark’s “new direction.” Steve wouldn’t say he felt sorry for him but it was a close thing. Stark was clearly brilliant
He was almost pathetically grateful when Stark's armor proved to be in a different direction than Steve was ultimately headed.
“I don’t kidnap you,” Steve didn’t turn around, “I just remove you from the harmful situations you put yourself in.”
,” Steve rolled his eyes at him continuing to the spot he had decided on, “Tony Stark in a multimillion dollar technological marvel, and you’re asking me to sit on the floor?”
Admittedly, Steve wasn’t sure how they went from agreeing with each other to at each other’s throats, nearly literally, but he’d be damned if he was going to back down.
and Steve once again found himself relieved to be called into action. Fighting, fighting he knew how to deal with. Fight was simple. Fighting wasn't men who looked at him like the women in the autograph lines at bond rallies. Fighting wasn't friends who could become enemies at the drop of a hat. Fighting wasn't a timer that just ticked away telling him nothing and everything. Fighting was simple, his fist, their face, simple. Fighting was relief.
Steve was beginning to regret accusing the man of being unwilling to be the one to throw himself on the wire as he now seemed to have something to prove. Granted most all his hare-brained schemes work and he always made it out the other side alive, but it never looked that way going in and he always ran the risk of getting much more injured than he ended up being and much more than necessary. Tony was either going to be the death of himself or Steve. Because one of these days Tony’s going off half-cocked would get him killed. Either that or the stress would kill Steve or Steve would kill Tony
what you think is going on here?” But he never actually comes out and denies it for the falsehood it is.
"For him?" Tony asked, really only indignant in voice, "You know I was supposed to meet my soulmate today? Instead I get his star spangled ass."
“I’m sorry, Nick. What were you lying?” it felt good to be on Stark’s side. It was like a bone deep like the satisfaction of a job well done. It was filling like the completion of longing. It was confusing but it was
Iron Man faltered a moment in the air before recovering, clearly not expecting a cultural reference, “A chick flick? Really? Who put Natasha in charge of your film introduction?”
And he was cut off because Steve was reaching for something in a top cabinet. He was reaching, stretching, giving Tony a perfect straight on view of his ass, and Tony wasn’t looking because Tony isn’t gay. Tony liked women. Countless of them, well certainly more than he could remember, could attest to the fact Tony loved women.
He glanced over at Natasha and Barton. Career soldiers and spies really weren't a good basis for seeing what was normal or not. But this was war and war, for better or worse, was something Steve could do.
Captain America groaned and exchanged a masked look with Iron Man, who just states, as if Steve needed reminding, “You’re Mom,” before blazing off in a streak of red and gold to relieve Black Widow.
Then his captive is being dragged off. “And now there’s that guy,” Tony sighed through the Iron Man, he was getting down right irritated. And when he got irritated he got snarky. Hence the drapes line. Not his best work but today was not shaping up like he’d planned. If he missed his countdown for Shakespeare in the park there would be no power on earth that would console him.
“Hello there,” Tony shot her a look that made Steve blush every time without fail whenever he was on the receiving end of it and boil with a jealousy he denied even to himself when he wasn’t, “and your name is?”
Before, during The War all he’d wanted was for it to end. To keep his men alive, to end the war, to make it home. Well he’d done that. Apart from Bucky they had all made it home alive. The war had ended. Even Steve had made it home eventually.
“What’s your name?” Steve was hilariously good with kids; at least once they were out of diapers and of speaking age, before that it was more hilarious than good. Tony was side struck with the thought:
When he was 17 he built Dummy to ease the emptiness that clawed at his soul. He didn’t feel complete. So he built and learned and excelled to keep the emptiness at bay. Maybe, if he was accomplished enough, smart enough, good enough, someone would still love him, without needing to be the other half of his soul.
this. He had known before any of them that Bruce was loyal enough, good enough, strong enough. Tony’s evaluation was one to heed. True his strategies were all action no substance but he saw solutions, resources, Steve how have never had considered. Deep in his soul that incomplete part of him felt just a little less hollow. He only hoped Tony could forgive him for all those horrible things he didn’t mean.
It took Steve a moment to figure out what he meant but when he did, he agreed. The mark VII was unique from older models in that its increased mobility meant it had to be removed as a unit. In a word: standing. Without prompting Steve took one of Tony’s arms over his shoulder, trying to take as much of the other man’s weight as he could without impeding the armor. Tony was gritting his teeth hard to keep from crying out but if a cry still escaped Steve didn’t say a word.
As humble as Steve tried to keep himself, he truly wasn’t used to people questioning his orders. He hadn’t realized how much he had taken the wartime authority of the stars and stripes for granted until he had a police officer looking him in the eye and asking, "Why the hell should I take orders from you?"
“That’s just the problem, Tony,” Steve said, scanning the room for his next action, “you can’t. You’re just too stubborn to admit it.”
Tony realized that this had the potential to end in him opening his own daycare/after school program but he had always been truly terrible at denying his impulses and the shadow in Peter’s eyes was so achingly familiar. Not even in his heart of hearts is Tony willing to see so much of his own childhood reflected in the eyes of this boy he doesn’t really know at all and knows too well, but that doesn’t stop him from having the compulsion to erase it from his eyes. Besides, he had Pepper, or whatever unfortunate underling she had roped into it, to deal with any...unexpected results.
Tony didn’t trust Romanoff, not as far as he could throw her, but he could concede she was an excellent match to his new friend. But all this introspection was leaving him melancholy so instead he shifted his focus back to Bruce. In Bruce he’d found someone he would willingly do every science-y thing under the sun with for the rest of his life.
Even before Steve engaged the hostile he was already sick of this. He knew what his countdown read, he’d taken a good long look at it before donning his new red gloves, he was supposed to be meeting his soul mate in mere seconds but instead he was battling an alien with horns and a scepter.
Being Iron Man, wearing the armor, normally cleared his head, but right now he's lucky he remembers which engine
Of course that didn’t explain why the fiery urge he was pushing down was to kiss him rather than punch him in his self-righteous face. God, those eyes were piercing.
His secrets had secrets but he kept them for a reason, always a reason, so what could possibly be his reasoning behind hiding this from them. In the end it really didn't matter because there was no mistaking what he'd seen on Fury's face.
"Right, I've heard that before," he was dismissive but Steve knew if he wanted to flush out what Tony was thinking on he'd have to keep him talking.
The first thing Tony had done once free of the Iron Man was look at his wrist. The second was to punch a wall because
Working together Steve felt the rightness he had first felt when they were agreeing with each other in the lab, but there it had been an echo, a faint outline of potential. Out here, just the two of them, it was blinding. How could anyone encounter that rightness and not want to claim it for themselves?
But if sitting around waiting for a call that may never come, a use that may never be found, was painful then meeting Agent Phil Coulson was excruciating. Agent Coulson reminded him of everything he hated about his time as a dolled up spokesman for bond sales. No one seemed to care that Steve Rogers had survived the crash that should have ended his life. This new century only cared that Captain America fought on.
And, really, at this point it was all he could do to stay in the air so, when you thought about it, not that Tony did, plowing into the hostile was the only sensible option. Save Cap, get himself back to solid...well, not ground but floor at least. Win-win.
soldiers," Tony lashed out, obviously regretting it as soon as he finished. Steve didn't take it personally, just gave him a level gaze and waited for him to continue, "I'm not marching to Fury's fife."
“You know what. I can think of a much better place to hide than a library,” Tony says and accesses a small sliver of a panel on his chest plate, pulling out what looks to be a business card and hands it to the kid, “Here. Use this to get entry into Avenger’s Tower.”
There was a commotion outside the room and then the woman reappeared. “I thought they were yanking my chain,” she said.
Rounding on themselves and bringing back to the same conclusion over and over again: soul mate or no, he had to break it off with Pepper.
He was a soldier, he was used to awaiting orders, the military is one unending cycle of hurry up and wait. So, awaiting orders? He could do that. What he couldn't do was sit around and wonder if, after over half a century, the world would even have a
Then there’s Steve and life as a genius billionaire superhero was apparently not crazy complicated enough. It was not like he was against being into guys but why this guy and why
Stark seemed angry, overtly angry, and Steve couldn't help his annoyance that Stark even thought he had a reason to be so angry. If anyone had a right to be angry in this situation it was Steve. But, no. Instead he had to put up with Stark's piss poor attitude, jump out of a plane after him, and break up a fight between two friendlies.
Tony found himself staring at the capped hole Thor fell through calculating and dismissing options for Phil's survival. Agent was alive. Somehow, someway, Phil Coulson had survived his encounter with Loki. That wasn't even a question. The question was why Fury was allowing them to believe, even willfully leading them into the belief, that their friend had died. The one person each member of their little powder keg independently knew.
“Banner?” of course, it was Bruce. That guy was the classic example of internally tortured hero, it was really just the relief that brought his inflection down from statement to question. This game of cat and mouse he was playing was getting a little too squirrely.
“I’m counting on you, Avenger,” Cap saluted back then proceeded off to the front desk to get Tony checked in.
Unlike Steve she had been born with a fully functioning timer. She’d watch it as she grew older, dreaming of growing closer to meeting her soul mate. She dreamed of his accepting eyes, his loving hands, and his kind heart. She dreamed and dreamed and loved him with all her heart though she’d never met him. Steve envied the softness he saw in her eyes as she talked of all the plans she had made in her youth, plans for a life taken from her. That softness hardened with long buried pain when she spoke of her sixteenth birthday, waking in the night to a burning in her wrist, excruciating burning and even more painful red zeroes. Watching her Steve wasn’t sure if he envied the pain that filled her because it meant she was not empty.
The idea that the citizens of this new age might not know him had never entered his mind. When strangers ignored him on the subway he’d thought they were simply being polite, not that they legitimately didn’t recognize him.
It wasn’t the thought that caught him off guard but the accompanying wave of jealousy for the woman that filled that role. Yeah, Tony might have the smallest bit of a crush on Steve but not like
The two men looked at him for a second before looking back at each other. “I’m not your mom,” Steve said, handing off Tony’s cup of coffee before returning again to the now over-cooked food. And that’s the way it was with Steve for Tony. He’s his teammate, he’s his friend, but he’s
had no plans for a step 2. Currently step 2 was not letting the thing catch him. Ok so more realistically step 2 was wait to hear Steve’s plan. The relief he felt to hear Steve’s voice beginning to shape that plan felt alarmingly similar to “warm-and-fuzzies” but he buried it.
liked his toast, sporting a hickey large enough for its own zip code on his neck. While Bruce ate yogurt, looking very amused which said Tony had probably
Even as the armor curled around him, Tony could still feel Rogers' hand at the small of his back. God, what he wouldn't give for a moment to
"Son, just don't." Steve knew he was being a bit frank, and probably a bit terrifying as well if the way the agent scrambled off the jet was any indication.
“Steve, be reasonable,” Steve’s face showed little amusement for this irony, “there isn’t a chair in this hospital that could support me.”
, his eyes really were that blue. In the very back part of his mind, the part that still felt the soft pressure of heat where Steve's hand had balanced him, he thought surely it was only the heat of the argument that made him remember the other man's gaze as so blindingly, piercingly blue. But here was the evidence to the contrary as that same gaze followed his pacing.
“Situation under control. Iron Man contained, Captain.” Peter jumped off Tony's lap to do his report, “Look! He gave me an access card.”
Ok, maybe letting Tony go on ahead wasn't the best idea. He was already waist deep into battle when they arrived. Why would he wait? Arrogant, impatient...Logically Steve knew the presence of Loki's army was not due to Tony, impatient or otherwise, but all he could see was Tony flying headlong into danger. Alone. Again. One would think he would learn from his initial confrontation with Thor, or from their cooperation on the helicarrier. He didn't have to fight alone anymore. They were a team, a mildly antagonistic, slapped together team but a team nonetheless.
“They are totally our parents,” Clint said in evident disbelief, “How did I end up with parents?” Before anyone can respond to that a warning goes off and they are assembling.
his second was to let Natasha speak first. He wasn’t blind he could see on her face when she revealed Dr. Banner’s identity to him how much it had cost her. Dr. Banner likely returned because it was the right thing to do but Steve wasn’t naïve enough to think it had
There’s a period of awkward silence, where Tony thinks he’s gone toe-to-toe with congress committees and board panels and Nick Fury and, on one notable occasion, the god of mischief but this 10 year old kid will be the silent awkward death of him, before Tony realizes the source. There is an elephant in the room that he calls himself an idiot for taking so long to identify. “So what brings you here, Pete? You don’t look hurt or sick to me.”
It was with guilt and shame Steve realized the emptiness, now creeping back in as his eyes followed Barton's timer, had been absent the entirety of his time with Tony Stark.
too hung over for this train of thought. Sure, he was self aware enough to know that when drunk he had some...gay tendencies...but he wasn’t nearly drunk enough right now and his thoughts toward the good captain had been getting...colorful.
“Put me down!” if the angry call didn’t get the occupants of the hospital waiting room’s attention the owner of the voice soon did. The next statement of, “I can walk you know!” rang a little clearer as the doors slide apart to grant access to a very unamused Captain America carrying a very irate Iron Man.
Why did all the geniuses he met seem hell-bent on entering dangerous situations unprepared? First Howard Stark and his misadventures with captured Hydra weapons, then Tony taunting a super powered alien psychopath without his armor, and now Dr. Banner: walking up to the crashing behemoth just as calm as you please. Calm was literally the opposite of what they needed from the man at this moment.
At this point the occupants of the room turned their attention back to the subjects at hand to find them staring at each other holding a very animated, untranslatable conversation with their eyes. They were obviously arguing about something but doing so in a way only Tony Stark and Steve Rogers can manage, Tony’s eyebrows moving in ways that shouldn’t be humanly possible and Steve waving a spatula around, all the while looking at each other
“Good,” Steve dropped his I-love-kids voice and adopted his Captain America, one usually reserved for issuing battle orders or when Tony really pissed him off, “Iron Man is hurt and if he gets up to walk around he’ll hurt himself worse. I need your help to make sure he doesn’t. Can you do that?” Of all the low down dirty tricks. He was Tony Stark! He didn’t need a pint-sized
That was it. Tony Stark was insane, insane with a death wish. Why else would anyone purposefully attempt to aggravate Doctor Banner? Stark was going to get everyone of the helicarrier killed and all he did was laugh. “Is everything a joke with you?”
Multitasking was always his game plan, his brain moved too fast for anything else. But maybe fighting armored flying space slugs could warrant his full attention.
The words had sunk into him, under his skin, despite that he knew it wasn’t true. Maybe, during his days as a dancing monkey but never here. Here, war, was where he was what he was always meant to be. The serum slotted in place like it was correcting nature’s mistake.
Tony rolled out of bed, Pepper was in Washington and he was due for a meeting at SHIELD headquarters. He was in the shower contemplating the files Agent Coulson, Phil, had given him when JARVIS patched through a call.
Tony’d had too many people doubt him in his life, doubted his intellect, doubted his sincerity, doubted his integrity. He’d spent his whole life trying to put some or other doubt to rest. The Iron Man was to be the ultimate doubt clearer. It remained the one thing he refused to regret.
someone else. Tony could recall his responses in the same. He had the memory of the words, how they felt in his throat, on his tongue. But the creation of them, the intent behind them, felt like something outside himself.
Peter watched them walk away, or at least he watched Cap-, no Steve, walk away. No way that just happened...Did it? He looked at the card in his hand. It shimmered like it was printed in pixels instead of ink. No day would ever be able to compete with this one as the: Best. Day. Ever.
He couldn’t help the way his focus drifted to where ever Stark was in the room, couldn’t help the way his eyes drifted down Stark’s body of their own accord, couldn’t help the way he circled him now, so similar to how Stark himself had been circling that briefing table not all that long ago, but this time it was Steve in control. And Stark would know it.
So hearing Fury refer to Agent Coulson as his "one good eye" was a bit of a stark contrast to the man he had spoken to, as was the awed and slightly fearful expressions junior agents got on their faces whenever Coulson was spoken about. But he could see it in Tony's eyes as he mourned the man. Phil Coulson was a man to be respected.
It was about that time, when everyone was just getting settled, that Pepper left. He didn’t begrudge her for it, living with Tony Stark was one thing, living with Iron Man was another, and when Iron Man invites his superhero buddies to live there too...Well, it’s no wonder she left.
Normally he’d say his mysterious arrival in his quarters at Avengers Tower would be Pepper’s doing, however lately someone else had taken that role. The culprit being the 26 year old World War II veteran that was currently making eggs.
He was horribly hard to ignore and Steve wanted nothing more than to lay the man bare. Take him apart and show him how to submit to the bigger man, to the stronger man, to
The call to Coulson was quick as was the wait, surprisingly. They ended up sending a quinjet, gaining permission to use the hospital's helipad. That was the day Steve found out that quinjets were fully wheelchair accessible.
Nearly 20 years later he met Pepper Potts and while she wasn’t, couldn’t be, the other half of his soul she was the other half of his mind. She remembered everything he forgot or never tried to remember in the first place. She completed him like a limb he hadn’t even known was missing.
"That's what happens when you're born in 1918." It was almost like Steve was the straight man in a vaudeville routine. Steve. Straight. Wasn't that a laugh.
War was no time for distractions and nothing had ever distracted Steve like Tony did. How could anyone see with the light of him in their eye? Once he'd seen him, really seen, he couldn't see anything else. Why did he have to slot so perfectly into that empty space he'd been carrying with him his whole life? Why couldn't Steve just look away? Why did he have to be so broken?
In his lap Peter cringes like he was hoping not to have to answer that exact question and Tony once again thinks that this is a kid who is so very accustomed to being looked over that his natural state is one of invisibility. Tony knew exactly how it felt to be 10 and invisible. “The library’s closed and this is as good a place to hide as any.”
Ok, so threatening a god wasn't necessarily a good idea, it certainly wasn't a safe one but Tony was feeling particularly reckless today. Nothing like saving the world to get the adrenaline flowing. Nothing like adrenaline to make you forget just how much life sucked right now. He'd been blown up by his own bomb, kidnapped, tortured, mutilated, betrayed, had his world view crumble around him, tried to die a slow, painful death at the hands of the things keeping him alive...but this, this emptiness, ever present when it should have been filled, that might actually be the thing that killed him. Well, it wouldn't have a chance if the Mark 7 didn't get there before the pavement. And wouldn't that just be fitting, Tony Stark smeared across the sidewalk in front of his self-titled tower like a stock broker in 1929.
certain was some weird euphemism for trying to create an Asgardian/human hybrid, and god only knew where Natasha was.
After several hours trapped in Agent Coulson's company, Agent Romanoff was a breath of fresh air in a way the crisp sea breeze could never have been. While she fully acknowledged his identity as Captain America she only did so in order to tease. She reminded him a bit of Bucky in that way.
Except Hydra never had giant flying armored whale slugs with teeth that birthed more soldiers...What was going on in this new century? Was this normal and nobody told him?
“Well, you’ve got me beat in strength and size but from here I can struggle in such a way that you will have to risk injuring me in order to stand,” Peter turned his head to look into Tony’s face, “and I’m guessing you aren’t going to be willing to resort to those measures just to defy Captain America.”
Tony had seen it on the TV before. Steve ducking into some far too extravagant bar and re-emerging with a wasted Tony tucked under his arm like a misbehaving child. The press hounding him each step to the waiting car, because the press are always there when Tony messes up, “Captain! Captain! Is it true Iron Man faces being dropped from the Avengers if Tony Stark can’t drop the bottle? What about the rumors that your night time rescues are as more than a teammate?”
Despite his underhanded way of doing it Steve knew Stark had some good points about Fury, just as he knew the moment he left the lab area that he’d over-reacted. He looked down the hallway in the direction he had intended to go before turning heel and heading the opposite way. Maybe he could put the doubts Stark had raised to rest and then they could all focus. And if it had the added benefit of proving his worth to the other man…well that was just cream.
Steve hadn’t known the man that long but his countdown was at zero, he had no idea for whom, and Tony Stark was rapidly becoming a sore spot in Steve’s 21st century existence. He was crass and impulsive and…brilliant, “And you’re all about style aren’t you?”
“You know, you swear like a sailor when you think no ‘sensitive ears’ can hear you,” Tony’s smirk is audible through the comm line as he takes out the Doombot that took Steve by surprise.
“But," she emphasized, "it is severely sprained." Tony sagged back on the bed. "We'll wrap it but you're going to have to stay off your foot for a while," she continued, "and definitely no armor until the swelling goes down." Tony reacted in sad defeat. The woman, to her credit, seemed to acknowledge what she was asking of him, not in words but in tone. "Do you have a ride home?" she asked Steve.
Shield Hall was much as Tony remembered it. The butler let him in and hurried into the main hall at Tony’s insistence that it was an emergency. Only seconds later, Baronet Fury descended down the staircase at an all out run, still in his night shirt. He stopped short when he saw Tony, a dark frown overtaking his face.
"Oh, Tony," Pepper said. She tried to get to her feet again, managing this time and nearly falling over Tony as a result. "Do you think I'm stupid? Or blind? I've been with you this entire time, you know. I can see what being around him does to you."
Bella raised her eyebrows. "Cooper delivered a letter to my chambers this morning from Mrs. Natasha Barnes," she said. "She mentioned that you had suffered a fall late last night and she was worried you might have injured yourself more than you said at the time."
Tony was in a good mood when he returned to the manor late that afternoon. Pepper had served some of her tea—the only thing Tony had ever known her to be as picky about as her ribbons—and they’d chatted with increasing intimacy for most of the afternoon. Pepper filled him in on her life and some of the gossip from the main houses, which was how Tony had learned that Fury’s wards had come to stay with him last month and there were some alarming burglaries happening on the road to the town by the river.
Captain Rogers rolled his eyes. "Your doctor told you regular exercise and time outside to aid your recovery," he said in the bossy, overbearing way Tony remembered from the times he'd been sick as a child. Some things didn't change. "And what have you been doing? Holing yourself up indoors, barely even talking walks around the gardens—"
That made the Captain turn to look at him head-on. Tony took in his narrowed eyes and straight mouth with confusion. He hadn't exactly expected the Captain to praise him for helping Pepper, but he also hadn't expected this strange—Well. He didn't even know what to call it. He shifted uneasily under the Captain's hard stare.
"So sorry, it's time for dinner, must be off!" He turned to gather up his papers and ignored the stare he could feel burning into his back. "Come along, Harley. Captain Rogers, enjoy your ride home."
Captain Rogers' brow furrowed. "About dinner," he said again. "I wanted to—that is..." He swallowed. "The sword."
Tony didn't roll his eyes out of sheer self-control. How many times had he heard someone at Cambridge run their mouth because they didn't know what they were talking about? He leaned forward, elbows on the table, and pointed a stern finger at Peggy.
Captain Rogers surveyed them, arms tucked in the small of his back. His face was flinty, eyes cold. Tony forced himself to meet that look with indifference, even sardonic amusement; he raised an eyebrow and offered a smile. Captain Rogers' brow furrowed.
Tony was surprised by her genuine concern. Pepper was his childhood friend and he cared for her deeply, but as a daughter of the local parish, she wasn’t someone who would normally be well acquainted with the local lords. Especially not well enough that they would know her special nickname. To most of the world, she went by Virginia.
That woke Tony up quicker than a bucket of ice water. He scrambled to his feet and ignored the way they almost didn't hold him. "What? What happened, what—?"
Tony could, but it would hardly be convenient to rent them in town when he was staying to keep an eye on Pepper. He almost suggested staying with her, but bit his tongue at the last minute. Tony had never cared much about propriety, but he was hardly stupid—even he knew that a single, wealthy man staying in a widow’s home would lead to all sorts of nasty rumors, no matter that Pepper was pregnant.
Tony accepted the change in subject. He offered Fury a mocking salute. "Sir, yes sir," he said, all irony.
"It was awfully good of you to take those children in, Lord Stark," Sharon said. "Even if you did miss the most marvelous dinner!"
Tony didn't know what to make of his bewildered expression. Childhood was behind them, but surely they weren't so old that Barnes had already forgotten about it?
Tony assessed the situation. He was bruised and in pain. Goose was still obviously spooked and unsteady. It was a long way to walk in a dark forest even in the peak of health - and there were supposedly bandits about, though Tony had yet to see any evidence of that himself. All signs pointed to Mrs. Barnes having the right idea, but Tony still balked.
"Tony. I saw you afterward. If you are seriously trying to tell me you were unaffected, you're a much worse liar than I thought you were." Pepper's mouth softened and she reached out to pat Tony's arm. "Regardless of which of you actually ended things, you were hurt and quite badly. Otherwise I can't imagine you'd still find this painful so many years later."
"Well." Sousa shrugged, smiling a little. "I've yet to see as much beauty in, say, mathematics as I have in any single line of Byron."
"Can't," he said. "Sorry to drop my things and dash, but there are some urgent matters that we need to attend to."
"Well," he said. "The thing is, I know someone who could use some help. A friend of mine, she's pregnant and she's not supposed to do anything too strenuous until the baby comes. You'd be a big help."
Tony was glad for all the practice he'd had at masking his emotions - he kept the blow of that shock carefully concealed. Yinsen's eyes were careful, considering.
He could make out a dark shape down the road. As it came closer, more details revealed themselves; a heavy skirt, carefully coifed hair, a pale face.
Tony forced himself to breathe evenly. His plans hadn't changed. Pepper was due at any moment and then Tony would be in London and back at Cambridge. Maybe now that they had a clean break between them, he could finally put the memory of Steve Rogers behind him forever.
"Not a one," Tony admitted. "I did spend over a week trying to examine a rock that turned out just to be simple granite."
The thought of it made Tony’s relief disappear into icy panic. His grip on Pepper’s hand tightened. “You shouldn’t live alone anymore,” he said. “At least until the baby comes.”
Captain Rogers, however, recognized the trick. His eyes flashed and his mouth tightened. He took a step forward. Tony had never been afraid of the Captain before and he wasn't now, but something between them went taunt with that little movement. A thickening in the air made Tony's skin prickle.
"Are you sure you didn't steal any flowers, too?" Peggy asked, dimpling. "Auntie has said she found you in her flower beds more than once, Lord. Stark."
Tony had long since developed the skill of taking in information even when he wasn’t truly listening to what was happening. It had helped him enormously at Cambridge, when he’d been more preoccupied with his designs than his classes, but it had always exasperated professors (and Pepper) who thought they could catch him daydreaming with little tricks like that.
That made the Captain snort just a little. Tony felt an inordinate glow of pride at that little sound.
At the edge of the forest, it was easy to see the grand walkway up to Shield Hall was full of commotion, people moving to and fro, with a strange carriage pulled right up to the doors.
Tony made a mental note to look into hiring more servants. Stark Manor was large—depending on the tenants, they could probably use a full household. He inclined his head to the ones standing by the door; two young women, a scruffy man, and an elderly woman who had to be the housekeeper.
Tony nodded and turned away as Toomes stormed out of the room, well aware that he'd made an enemy today. He didn't regret it; Tony had been making enemies since he was six and stole a pie from the bakery, but few had felt quite as necessary as this one.
"I've heard that before." Tony sat, relieved that he didn't have to be posturing anymore. It was such a pain. He cracked his neck and slumped bonelessly in the chair. "What's so crazy about it?"
"Tony?" He didn't look at her, keeping his eyes focused on Rhodey's back. He felt her gentle touch ghosting over his cheek. "I'm sorry. I really am."
The hedge was thick and healthy, but there were some porous spots where the light shone through. Tony inched forward, pressing an eye to one such opening. It wasn't easy to see, but he could make out part of Peggy's dress and Captain Roger's back.
Tony managed to make it through to the dinner bell with small talk about school and his studies. Sousa offered some of his own anecdotes about his work in the city, where he and the government were trying to instate a centralized law enforcement. It was, at least, engaging enough conversation - Tony was almost disappointed to have to filter into the dining room.
. My father's old schoolmate is the captain. They're not friends - Howard doesn't have friends, too plebian - but they get along all right. I knew he'd take them in if Howard wrote him, gave them his blessing."
Tony was brought back to the present by a persistent pain. He looked down and winced, uncurling the first he’d made around the little charm. He’d clenched it so tightly it had left deep indents in his palm, angry red lines that began to fade as he released the pressure. Tony stared at the tiny charm. It was a piece of trash, really. Barely worth whatever Captain Rogers had paid for it, a ill-made knick-knack to amuse a child.
hadn't shown up," he finished. He'd heard Tony make this speech so many times, he could even get the intonation just right. "Isn't that right, Stark?"
"It's good to have people our own age around to socialize with," Peggy said. "A few years ago, there was hardly anyone to go visit. Now it's like a surplus!"
"We'll see you all back at the house," Fury told the others. "Don't let anyone else step in a rabbit hole."
"It's been a while since I've been back." He wasn't going to snap, he wasn't going to show the Captain that he was getting to Tony. That was the only way to make it through this. "Not sure if there's some kind of time limit on how long it's acceptable to go between visits, but I'm pretty sure six years is pushing it. Mrs. Everhart must be so disappointed in me."
?" She seemed to realize how clear her own disbelief was; she flushed and stammered a little. "I mean
be doing is getting yourself clean," she said, swatting at Tony's shoulder again. "If I see one speck of mud at dinner time, you're going to bed without supper."
"Well, well," he said. Did he sound normal? He couldn't tell. "Look what the cat dragged in. Lieutenant Barnes, Captain Rogers."
Sousa nodded. "After hearing those two go on about their adventures in this forest, I had to see it for myself in the daylight." Sousa tilted his head up, taking in the sunlight filtering through the trees. "It is lovely. I can see why they always talked about it."
"Not quite." She sat down on the bed beside him. "If you want to explain why you were riding a horse dangerously fast late at night, this is your chance to do it before my husband gets wind of your little escapade."
Tony felt like he was in a glass cage that was steadily getting smaller and smaller. He felt like he was walking around like the town idiot with a sign around his neck saying
The next year had been hard - Mrs. Rogers had died only a few months before Tony's birthday and everyone, Tony included, hadn't felt very celebratory. And by the next year, Captain Rogers and Barnes were on their way out to sea and it was only Tony, Rhodey, and Pepper left. Tony had felt the Captain's absence like an ache; he'd been a pain to deal with.
"I'm afraid my memory for equations is rusty," he admitted. "You'll have to explain it to me, Lord Stark."
Fury turned away. Tony followed after him, starting to panic. If Fury said no, he’d have to inquire about renting rooms in town and he had no idea if they’d even have anything available. Not to mention the distance would make it that much harder to help Pepper.
"I know you will do what you can," Yinsen said. "Thank you." He tilted his head and his wry smile deepened. "And don't forget to come see me again about that ankle. I'll be expecting you."
He pretended not to hear her. "I need more wine," he said. His drunkenness had long since left him; he just felt sick and sore now. "I need
Shield Hall was no Stark Manor, but it was magnificent in its own way. Tony found the harsh lines a little much, but they were softened by an abundance of windows and some interesting choices in art. One of the servants spirited away his trunk as he turned to look at some strange piece with several truly evil looking children frolicking that sat near the staircase.
But Sousa didn't need to hear that and it wasn't his fault, anyway. It was Tony's fault - always had been.
"Um." The boy fumbled. Tony waited for him to speak. "Mr. Stark, it's, uh. I'm Peter, Peter Parker? I'm a tailor's apprentice down in—sorry, that's not. Um. They told me I shouldn't bother to come but everyone says the Starks are who we're supposed to talk to when things happen except there hasn't been a Stark around to talk to until now, by which I mean you, obviously, and—"
Tony rubbed his face. "He forbade me from applying to university before I turned eighteen - he needed me here to look after the manor. I was to keep any of my strange inventions to myself. And when the time was right... when the time was right, I was to marry whoever he chose for me."
Rhodey's lack of greeting to Captain Rogers was noticeable; Tony noticed Sousa and Peggy exchanging raised eyebrows. The Captain, on the other hand, looked pained, his brow furrowed and mouth tight. Tony had no idea what caused it but he burrowed a little more into Rhodey's side. For some reason, that made Captain Rogers' jaw clench, nostrils flaring.
Peggy's flush deepened. "Lord Stark!" she said. "Nothing like that. The Captain is just curious about how this area has changed since he was last here. Isn't that right?"
"Ah," he said and he knew his voice didn't sound right but he couldn't force the levity as easily as usual. Captain Rogers' brow furrowed. "Young love, is it?" He tried a wink.
"No one really believed them when they said they were friends with the little Lord Stark. I didn't really either until we showed up at your manor and you came for dinner. Not that Steve's really the type to make that kind of thing up. Bucky, either."
Tony doubted Harley would, but he knew that Fury's goodwill would only cover so much. Better to let the boy know to keep any thievery well-hidden.
Tony did not want to have this conversation. He raised his eyebrows and kept his own discomfort firmly under wraps.
"Excellent. Now scram. Go back to - God, I don't know. What do healthy country boys do with their free time? Chop some wood. Feed some cows."
“Before you start yelling, I’m sorry,” he said rapidly. Her face was going blotchy already, not a good sign. “I know I was an ass the last time we were together and I should have written you much sooner to apologize. I thought it was something I should do in person. You were right to hit me and,” he glanced down and his entire speech, the one he’d been working on the whole ride over, fell straight out of his head, “holy mother of God, you’re
And yet, he still hesitated. The last time he’d seen her, they’d been screaming at each other. She’d thrown several books at his head. There was no guarantee the same wouldn’t happen again. Or, even worse, she might cry again. Tony couldn't stand to see Pepper cry.
Peggy's eyes widened at his tone and she leaned forward as well, obviously willing to hear him out. "I've been told the design isn't efficient enough for long-distance travel," she said. "Though I admit, I'm not entirely sure how the entire machine works. Would you be willing to explain it to me?"
"Nine," Tony said. Captain Rogers looked down at him and, for once, his expression wasn't icy or distant. "My ninth birthday. My parents didn't—well, they were busy people. So Pepper helped Jarvis make a cake and Rhodey collected all of these rocks for decorations—"
Pepper had always been the kindest of all of them. Tony's relief almost overwhelmed him. He smiled at her until his cheeks ached.
They walked for several long, quiet minutes. Sousa visibly turned over the idea of Tony's estrangement with Captain Rogers, though Tony couldn't tell much beyond that. He was a reserved man and Tony got that sense that there was a lot more going on than he showed on the surface.
“They seemed eager for a change,” Mr. Coulson said. “The rooms they are renting now are apparently not up to the lady’s standards.”
Tony cleared his throat. "As beautiful as this all is, I'm breaking out in hives," he said. "You know I can't do sincere emotion. Have a little sympathy."
"I'm glad to hear it," Tony said. He didn't like to think of the wound that must lay under that pinned sleeve or how Barnes had suffered when receiving it. "I'll have to drop by and say hello to your wife soon. She'll be delighted to have someone good-looking in the house for once."
The kid kept up as best he could, though. He leaned over to look at Tony's schematics and asked questions about the different parts that Tony pointed out. It wasn't until Tony was talking about the new kind of metal he wanted to introduce to make the engine lighter that he noticed his attention drifting. He frowned, straightening from where he'd been bent over the table.
"Jarvis made them," Tony said. "He's always been handy at carving. He used to make these little animals—"
“Don’t try to talk me out of it, you won’t be able to,” Tony said. Her mouth pursed, some combination of irritation and amusement. Tony’s specialty. “I have time before I have to ride to London to meet my father and time again until I have to convince him to let me go back to school. I can stay for a month or so, get you set up, and then be on my merry way.”
turn into a reality - but he'd sent the plans to Steve years ago. He'd sent everything to Captain Rogers, eager to hear his thoughts and maybe trying to show off, just a little.
That got Peter a harsh glare. Tony checked and almost smiled to see the pitiful look on the other boy's face. What an open book.
Captain Rogers' eyes narrowed. He stepped forward, crossing the room to stand in the doorway of the closet. Tony shifted away, trying to ignore the warmth of him crowded so close.
Her sidelong glance should have been mischievous or annoyed, but she still had that strange stillness in her features. Tony remembered Barnes' unexpected stoicism and wondered how exactly their courtship had even proceeded.
“You’re her landlord, not her brother or her husband,” Yinsen said. “These matters can only be discussed with family. If she wants to tell you, she will.”
Tony was going to be sick. He could feel the bile in his throat, the shaky wateriness of his stomach. He pressed his lips together and gritted his teeth against swelling nausea.
Tony almost screamed with frustration. He’d forgotten, in his haste, that he and Sir Fury had never quite gotten along. One little theft of his potatoes made a man bitter for life, it would seem.
"Dum Dum's never interested unless there's a bet," he told Tony with a twinkle in his eyes. "I mostly want to see
He glanced at Mrs. Barnes again. Would she answer him if he asked why she was out so late? She didn't seem like the type of woman to reveal much about herself.
Fury didn’t confirm or deny, but, then again, he never did. He was a secretive man who kept all of his cards very close to his chest. It had always annoyed Tony, even as a child. There was a reason so many of Tony’s childhood pranks had been pulled on the Furys. He’d never met a more infuriating person.
A few feet away, a chittering animal stared at him, its eyes huge and luminous in the semi-dark. Goose pranced around it, too well-behaved to simply run away but clearly nervous to have some tiny animal down by his hooves. Tony's breath returned in a rush and he wheezed on the ground, trying to regain his equilibrium.
Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw Barnes offering his arm to a blushing Sharon. Tony gnawed on the inside of his cheek but lifted his head with a cheerful smile.
Fury made a grumbling sound under his breath. "Yes," he said with heavy irony. "She was keen to integrate herself with us."
Tony nearly closed his eyes at the long pause that drifted between them. He wanted, with a physical ache, to see Captain Rogers' face at that precise moment.
“Miss Hill,” Fury said to a severe woman with dark hair standing just outside of the parlor. “Go and tell Simmons we have a new house guest and the housemaids that they should prepare the Blue Room. Lord Stark will be staying with us for a few weeks.”
Harley didn't look convinced. He was a sharp kid. But he also didn't question Tony, just hovered by his elbow as Tony took several more breaths and continued up the stairs.
"The banns have hardly been read for them yet, Tony. Peggy is a lively conversationalist and you know she's always had an interest in sea travel."
“Yes. The lieutenant, he used to live nearby.” Tony forced his voice to stay even. “You remember Bucky Barnes, don’t you?”
Wilson, Sharon?" she teased. "The last few times we've gone to visit, you've seemed much more interested in her brother!"
Tony wanted to be happy for them, he really did. Peggy was lovely and Captain Rogers deserved to move on with his life, to find happiness. They would make a handsome couple and have plenty of handsome babies and probably live to a ripe old age before dying in each other's arms at the same time. Whereas Tony would probably die alone and be eaten by the many cats he was sure to accumulate.
"I don't know," he said. "Miss Carter's the one who has to listen to Dan try to talk about trees. I'm not sure who has it worse."
"You're baiting the tiger, Mrs. Barnes." He wagged a finger at her. She drank with a hint of a smile, clearly unrepentant. Tony turned to where he knew the staff waited in the wings, ready to step in and found Jarvis, already watching him with a solemn mouth and amused eyes. "Quill and paper, Jarvis?"
Tony let out the breath he hadn't realized he was holding. "You don't think it was the war alone that made him that way?"
Tony did not want to talk about this. He stood, shaking his hands and turning away from Jarvis' keen eyes.
His hair was much longer, tied back in a neat queue. The face - smoky eyes, scowling mouth, unfair cheekbones - was largely the same as well, aside from being weathered by the elements and sharpened by age. The last time they'd seen each other face-to-face, Barnes had given him a smacking kiss on the cheek in farewell and warning to answer their letters or
Tony blinked in the most innocent way possible even as he wondered what exactly the Barneses had told Yinsen. "Lieutenant Barnes?
“If you have a point, I’d get to it.” Tony kept his voice light and charming, but he knew Jarvis could hear the warning underneath. Jarvis was the one who had taught him how to speak like that, after all. "I've got things to do."
"He used to pick up after me whenever I got into scrapes as a child. Instinct must have taken over."
He turned and walked away. It was more difficult than he'd expected; he kept wanting to look back and take another glimpse of Captain Rogers no matter how cold his eyes were. His heart felt like it was beating in double-time and the moment they were officially out of sight of the doorway, he had to stop and breathe.
Tony held up his hands. "Just making small talk." He considered Harley's sharp face and proud eyes and shrugged. Well. Honesty wasn't usually his tactic, but if it would make the kid trust him enough to tell him what was going on, he'd use it. "Trying to get you to relax so you'll talk to me."
"Okay!" Parker said it too loud, startling birds out of a nearby tree. He flushed and said again, much quieter, "Okay. I'll do everything I can to help, Lord Stark! You can count on me!"
That night was the second time he willingly showed someone his wrist, though he was sure she’d seen it before. The first had been his mother, the day he realized he wasn’t like the other kids. Sarah Rogers had cried for her son while she looked at him with a mother’s pity and told him to be brave. Peggy didn’t look at him with pity, she looked at him like she’d finally found someone to understand her pain.
“We got Stark up top. He’s going to need us to…” Then he just trailed off. What the hell was going on?
Thankfully, if there was anything he learned from his tour with the USO it was the value of a good pose. Let his skill speak for itself.
Back Before, he’d always felt larger than that his skin, bigger than his bones, stronger than his flesh. Bucky had told him he had a Napoleon complex. He’d told Bucky there was no historical backing for the idea that Napoleon was short.
He was interrupted from that particularly painful thought by a loud groan. Well, not so much a groan as a low, deep resonance that seemed to send even the air shivering in its wake. In short: not a good sound. In Tony's time of redefining the human understanding of practical engineering he had heard many unnatural sounds, which was probably how his brain immediately recognized the sound as the one made when space-time was made to fold and split in a way it really didn't want to. Even as the sound was clicking together in his brain he looked up, realizing that it would only mean...a big hole in the sky apparently. Yeah, definitely not a good thing. Especially when the little green man's big, ugly, angry cousins came streaming out of it.
As Tony sank to the floor he pondered how Steve’s tone could carry a monologue of subtext by itself and muttered, “I’ll just take off the second you leave,” under his breath in token defiance.
“Nice to meet you, Peter. I’m Steve and this,” he said gesturing behind him where Tony was sitting against the wall, “is my friend, Tony.”
Typical. Stark was treating this whole thing like one big joke. Like a supposed Norse god was invading Earth just for his personal amusement.
But he’s got an eye full of Captain America ass and a head full of all the things Steve doesn’t say to the press. “I’m not gay,” he doesn’t say, “We’re just friends,” he doesn’t say, “Tony doesn’t like men,” he doesn’t say though it’s all true. So utterly true. Steve got what he was reaching for and Tony loses view of that specimen of an ass which he
Tony huffed out a chuckle, the one that said he was self-deprecatingly amused with himself, “How did we get here?”
,” Steve says slicing the edge of his shield through the next bot in line; seriously Doom never seemed to make these things any smarter. He was fairly certain Tony’s bot, Dummy, was smarter than the average Doombot. “Now give me some damn air support!” Smart or not they were starting to converge on his location.
Tony knew he was babbling again. He could hear it, sort of, in an off-in-the-distance way. His mouth was rattling off a short hand version of his thought process, words tumbling out in half-hearted coherence while his mind flitted around like a magpie gathering up the various pieces to compile the grand picture. And there was Steve each step of the way, giving just the right stepping stones, leading by following, until finally, "Son of a bitch."
“That’s Iron Man.” the boy stated, obviously not because Steve didn’t know but simply just to have something to say.
At the worst times he would hear Steve, the Captain’s cutting words ring in his ears. So he did what he always did: buried the truth of them behind sharp smiles and sharper wit and proved them wrong. There had never been an individual person with so much instantaneous effect on him as Steve Rogers. Maybe it was his world class daddy issues. Maybe it was the way the other man got all the goodness assumed of him in equal measure to Tony’s evils. Maybe they were meant to be opposites, meant to be…
“Pay closer attention to the battle. Your music can wait,” Steve says, trying hard not to think about how much he
new development. For so long Pepper had been his happy place, the person who held him close when he tried to smooth over his hurts with sharp wit and sharper, faker, smiles. Now, having to bury her too...
When he says it, it’s an apology, an acknowledgement, and a new beginning all in one. He couldn’t see Steve’s face at that moment, all of them looking at that wrong bit of sky, but somehow it resonated in him, down to his
"I think he peed his pants a little," Agent Barton chimed in from where he was flipping switches in the cockpit.
This new century was a little easier to handle with Tony by his side because he knew that even if he didn’t understand, Tony would. While Tony did, on occasion, use this advantage against Steve he would never let his unfamiliarity get him in trouble. He’d tease him about not knowing what palates or calisthenics were but when lives were on the line he’d take him step by step through the finer points of wifi. Bucky would have laughed at this sentiment. Even with the super soldier serum, Steve still needed someone to look out for him.
to punch at something that could punch back, so much so he couldn't even find it in himself to be ashamed of it. He'd been at war before he'd gone under. He'd spent every day fighting tooth and nail for his country, his freedom, his
“I’d think you’d remember, you complained enough,” anyone else would have thought they were talking about the hospital but they both knew they weren’t. Somehow, after the arguing and verbal sparring, they had gotten comfortable around each other. That odd comfort had, against all odds, turned into friendship. Steve wasn’t sure he could pinpoint the moment when Tony Stark became his best friend in this century but he knew Tony felt the same way about their odd friendship. Though neither of them knew how it had come to be both treasured it.
“No, don’t—” Pepper cried out, her body convulsing. Tony pulled her into his arms and held on as she shivered and shook. “Don’t leave,” she panted against his neck.
I shouldn't come," he said. "But it's not right! It was only a bit of bread and Harley's mother has been sick and they're going to take his
“I think you’ll be pleased, Lord Stark,” Coulson said. “The lieutenant’s offer was more than fair. I’ve accepted on your behalf. If everything goes well, they’ll be arriving to move in the day after tomorrow.”
Tony swallowed. "That long already, huh?" His voice was hoarse and strange. He swallowed again and caught Captain Rogers following the motion, eyes narrowing with a strange intensity. "Well. Um."
To his credit, Dr. Yinsen’s mouth firmed and he immediately reached for the heavy black bag that stood open near the door, collecting different vials and syringes and bandages without even needing to look at them.
Captain Rogers seemed baffled as well. "Yes," he said, a little more hesitant in the face of a child. "That's me." He darted a look at Tony and then stepped into the room, offering Harley his hand. "Captain Steve Rogers. I didn't get to introduce myself yesterday."
Tony swallowed hard and ignored the burn in his eyes. It wasn't until he was almost to Shield Hall that he managed to get his breathing under control again.
"Deadly so." Sousa's eyes brightened. Tony recognized the look of an enthusiast and braced himself. "Poets express the beauty and sensuality of life. They paint the world around us full of color and meaning - even a blade of grass or a flower can be raised up in verse to something grand and beautiful." Sousa shook his head. "What beauty can be found in an equation, no matter how useful?"
The Wilsons had been warned of Tony's less than stellar condition, but they were still visibly surprised to see him so bedraggled. They welcomed him inside and urged him to get off of his feet. Miss Wilson was a lovely woman only a few years younger than Tony himself and Mr. Wilson was only a little older. They were both well-dressed and attractive and their little house was tidy and pleasing. Tony could see why the Carters liked to come to visit.
Pepper was silent long enough that he finally looked at her. Her eyebrow was arched up high, mouth unhappily pursued.
That was an understatement. Tony could count on one hand how many conversations he had with his father before he turned fifteen. Still, curiosity overcame his resentment. What had Barnes told her of his childhood?
He kept up his cheerful façade until he made it to his room. Only then did he drop his face into his hands to breathe. He didn't move again until he felt like he had regained at least some of his equilibrium, but he still felt out-of-sorts as he started to strip off his filthy clothes. Why was it that every encounter with Captain Rogers left Tony feeling small and crushed and vulnerable? Would Tony ever be able to face him normally again?
“You’ve been invited as well, of course, Lord Stark,” Peggy said. She was less obviously excited than her cousin, but her cheeks were certainly flushed as well. “Lieutenant Barnes asked for your attendance specifically. He and his wife wanted to thank you personally for letting them use your home.”
That got a much different reaction than he'd expected - Harley's face crumpled. He bit his lip fiercely but it didn't stop his eyes from welling with tears. Tony told himself sternly that he wasn't allowed to panic because he'd made a child cry. He had to remain calm and cool and in control—
Pepper glared at him. “I didn’t want you to know,” she said, enunciating each word precisely, “because the moment you found out, I knew you’d come rushing over here to coddle me like a baby bird.”
Tony’s throat tightened. He’d wanted to be in and out as quickly as possible, to leave Stark Manor and all its unpleasant associations behind him, but it still profoundly unsettled him that his childhood and life could be so easily swept aside and replaced. It would be all too easy to settle the new tenants in the manor by tomorrow, even, and they would use the manor as their own. Tony’s whole life had belonged to this place and all of that would just be—forgotten. Tony bit the inside of his cheek.
Tony's ankle still throbbed as they made their way down the lane toward the forest path. He hobbled bravely on, gritting his teeth against the pain, walking at half the speed of his companions and ignoring their concerned looks. It wasn't that long of a walk back to Shield Hall, but at the moment it felt like a monumental trek. He was determined to make it without relying on his companions; they had already seen him quite at his worst today and he didn't want to give Captain Rogers any more reason to think him weak. If he had to crawl, he'd do that and not one plea for help would escape him.
“False contractions,” Pepper said. “It’s not uncommon, this late in the pregnancy. Dr. Yinsen said it’s unlikely to happen again so long as I don’t over-exert myself.”
"I was the one who called it off," he said again. He couldn't sit down; he paced instead, crossing Pepper's small kitchen and turning to cross it again. "He proposed. I said no."
Tony widened his eyes, the picture of innocence. "Me? Why Mrs. Fury, I can't believe you would think—"
Tony carefully put the book back. "You've left your guests to fend for themselves, then? Not very hostess-like. Miss Manners would have a thing or two to say to you."
Tony’s stomach did something strange. A leap or a drop, some swooping motion that made him quite nauseous.
“I have never in my life been able to get you stop something you’d set your mind on,” she said. “Where are you going to stay, then? The Manor?”
“Don’t flatter yourself, Stark.” They both turned to  find Fury coming down the stairs, glowering and intimidating as ever. Why the man couldn’t invest in some color was beyond Tony; he seemed to live in black. “I’ve only spoken of you to warn my wards off of you. The last thing they need in their life is a menace like you.”
Tony scooped the letter up with his free hand. His landlord had doubtlessly left it there for him—he rarely got mail, other than the odd letter from Rhodey or Obie, and so fine an envelope had probably flummoxed the poor woman. Tony dumped his papers and books on his bed and sank into the rickety chair at his desk, letter still in hand. The front only had his name and address in the spidery scrawl Tony immediately recognized as his godfather’s awful penmanship—no return address, though Tony supposed he didn’t need one. His father had occupied the same townhouse in London for most of Tony’s life.
Frigga’s funeral was a beautiful send off for her, although it was small. A few family friends had come from overseas but other than them it was just her husband, the boys, MJ, Peter, Pepper and I. After the service MJ and I helped Thor and Loki load Odin and his wheelchair into their car. Thor gave MJ and hug before climbing into the back next to his father. I stood and held both of Loki’s hands. He had been very silent since his mother’s passing and I knew that he was grieving.  I pulled him in for a long hug and stroked his long hair and back gently.
I could mentally see Loki’s smiling which made me smile as well. We’d get through this somehow, just like everything else.
I shrugged. When footsteps cleared the hallway and we heard the master bedroom door slam shut, I left Peter’s room and went to mine to work on my homework.
“No, I think it’s best if I take the subway. I have to get home as fast as I can.” I grabbed my clutch “I bet the FBI is looking for me right now.”
“I don’t know many people who break into people’s houses to drink their juice” I commented “Who are you?”
“The new guy. You know, tall, blond, muscular, perfect?” MJ rolled her eyes “He’s been trying to get your attention all day”
