This is not a "fade to candlelight"; rather, I'm giving you the chance to avert your eyes if you wish before I turn up the **spice** in the next chapter.
Dean was rolling dough and shaping it into garlic knots when Sam came into the kitchen. The big pot was nearly to a boil on the back of the stove, waiting for spaghetti noodles. One of the mixing bowls held a blob of pesto, jarred stuff that Dean had doctored up a little, waiting for hot noodles to mix in. A big bowl of lettuce was on the counter, with cucumber and tomato and onion nearby, and a measuring cup full of freshly made dressing, all waiting to be tossed together.
?” she sniffled. “That poor bastard.”
Gabriel stuffed the cheese stick into his mouth and chewed it thoughtfully. “Yeah, that’s fair,” he agreed. “Wish I knew more, myself.”
“What are you talking about?” Sam asked.
“I’ll be there,” Sam said. Gabriel gave him a wink and turned and walked off into the crowd, and had soon disappeared.
Cas sighed. “Are you being antagonistic because you’re nervous?”
Dean blanched. “I… I dunno, Sammy that’s not really my…”
“Surprise,” she said, beaming brightly. There was a hint of nervousness and uncertainty in her eyes.
“I’m human now.”
“Do you think you’re human forever this time?”
“I think I’d like to come with you,” he said. “If you’re certain that I’d be welcome.”
In the morning, Sylvia showed Castiel how to fry eggs perfectly, and to cook bacon from chewy to crispy and everywhere in between. After that, they put together a lasagna, covered it with foil and tucked it away in the fridge for easy dinner prep.
“Well you didn’t say,” Cas replied hotly. After another moment of poking around and some muttering, he figured out how to reverse the camera and took a photo of his own face. He sent the photo and waited.
Dean’s fingers traced carefully over the uninjured parts of his face. “Cas, buddy- sweetheart, angel, please. Oh, Cas.” Dean only noticed that he was crying when tears started dripping onto Cas’s face.
Sam gave him a bizarre look. “She’s like 20, I doubt she even knows who Ani DiFranco is. Dean, you’re being… but no, I don’t think that people have to live in some kind of stereotype because of their sexuality, no. Jeez.”
“I never told him. Can you imagine what he’d do? He’s all… vengeance.” She sighed. “I don’t want that. I just… I wanted them to love me.” And with that she crumbled into tears again, leaning against the wall. “I want to not be so messed up by them that it’s messing everything else up. This is why… this is why I’m like…” she hiccuped.
“Dean, I’m gay,” Castiel said tiredly. “So I really wouldn’t know.”
Their next stop was Cabela’s, and Dean was positively giddy about it. They played arcade games, shot in the shooting gallery, and Cas stood by patiently while Dean crawled into each of the display tents. Cas steadfastly refused to check out the tents with him. He knew exactly how that would end.
“I’m getting close, sweets. Can I make you come again?” His fingers drifted down between them as she nodded, and he rubbed her as he thrust up into her. “Syl… Sylvia, so good,” he whispered, his forehead pressed against hers. She cried out, and he shouted and tensed up and spilled into her as she rocked down onto him. And then he was holding her face and kissing her, deeply and desperately as their heartbeats slowed.
“Ohhoho, don’t mind if I do,” he said, clapping his hands delightedly. “Cas, was this what you were learning to cook?”
“Cas…” Gabriel said helplessly, raking his hand through his hair. “Look, kid, it’s just…”
Cas smiled. “He will. He loves you, and he’s always been perfectly accepting of everyone in the LGBTQIA community.”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean said. “Bring me some twinkies?”
“Castiel,” he answered. “Who are you?”
And then Gabriel noticed Sylvia, and Cas, with his arm around her, glaring at his brother as if his eyes could bore holes directly through his skull. Gabriel moved to the other side of the stage and sang the rest of the song to another section of the audience, though he was nowhere near as animated as he had been. Afterward, he quickly ran off stage as the applause sounded.
They headed back out soon afterward. It was just after dark when they crossed the Mississippi, and Dean stopped soon afterwards. They opted for drive-through burgers eaten in the motel room, sprawled out on the bed watching late night talk shows before crawling under the covers and falling asleep. This time Dean wiggled himself into little spoon position, and Cas slept soundly with his arms full of Dean.
Gabriel looked stunned. “What was that?”
“Heh. Well I’m glad you’re a little more accommodating of my stupid human needs these days,” Dean said teasingly.
“Well you’d better hope he’s not less annoying than you,” Cas said drily.
“I miss you so much when you’re not around. Just because I can keep busy and take care of myself doesn’t mean that I don’t want you.”
“Get out!” Gabriel exclaimed in delight. “Well, then there is one thing we can- oh, but no, I guess that can’t really…. Ahhh, shit. I dunno, man.”
Cas was stabbing viciously with his straw at the lemon in his glass of water. “Are you going to sing me a nice song?” he asked. He was only a little tipsy now, though Dean wasn’t sure if he was going to make it to the car completely unassisted.
“...the social pages say I’ve got the biggest balls of all,” Dean sang. That last shot had given him just the right amount of social lubricant to really get into this. “Sing along if you know it, folks! I’VE GOT BIG BALLS! I’VE GOT BIG BALLS!” He started dancing and waving one arm in the air to the rhythm. The crowd was getting into it too, most of them shouting along or giggling, and dancing in their seats. “...my ballroom always full, and everybody comes and comes again.” On this line he made eye contact with Cas and winked. Cas looked like he wanted to crawl under the table and hide.
“Well if you ever decide you are, kiddo… you know my direct line.” He made a praying hands motion in front of his chest.
Cas was behind him pushing the chair and Sam dashed into the doors and frantically tried explaining the situation to the woman behind the desk. A nurse came out, took one look at Dean and gestured for them to follow her.
“Oh yes, that time that you were in life-threatening peril and you didn’t call me but you called Rowena,” Cas grumped. Oh great, he was in a mood now. Dean stifled the urge to kick Sam in the ankle.
“You’re smiling,” she observed. “Did you call him or have you been holding my phone hostage all day for no reason?”
“Almost time to go,” he said. “I brought you some clothes.”
Sam leaned down and kissed her. Her taste, her scent, almost as familiar as his own, and he wanted to burst with the joy at having her back in his arms again. And yet, at the same time, he thought about the morning’s kisses, and how they were also breathtakingly amazing and how he wanted to do that again too, and then the guilt set in. Sam pulled away.
Sam drew a deep breath. “Eileen Leahy. She’s really amazing. Smart. Doesn’t take any bullshit from anyone. Better hunter than I am, really.” He sipped at his beer. Gabriel caught his eye in the mirror behind the bar, and he noticed the fleeting look of sadness before Sam hid it away.
“Decidedly,” Cas said. His eyes were sparkling. Dean was so in love.
“Fickle,” he grumbled, with a twinkle in his eyes. He grabbed the crystal candy dish and headed up the stairs with it. “To make up for it you can suck me off while I eat m&m’s. Then I’ll spank you for your naughtiness.”
“I do! I really like you, Gabe. Seriously. I would love to hang out with you. I felt like, if there wasn’t always something awful going on, we could have been such good friends. And now that things are okay…”
“Hey,” she said dully.
They brought in a wheelchair, and Sam and Cas came back and listened attentively to the discharge instructions while the young student helped Dean from the gurney to the chair. He was able to take the few steps, though he had to lean way too much on this surprisingly strong girl. His legs still felt heavy and wobbly, and he was exhausted as he settled into the chair.
“Well sure. I contacted this guy Sergei… I guess you guys know him too?”
“‘f course!” Cas said loudly. “I’m very good at testing- texting people.”
“Maybe we have it to ourselves for another day or two,” Cas mused. “Could be that they have found a case.”
Cas smirked at him knowingly. “I’m afraid that my shirt is beyond repair,” he said, tossing the tattered garment toward the wastebasket.
“Like, um… maybe we could call this…. I dunno, a relationship?”
Cas cupped his hands around the curve of Dean’s ass. “I think… I think I know what you are saying. And yes I would like...”
Dean chuckled. “I think you mean a raincheck, but I’ll take both.”
“Wait ‘til I let you drive my car,” Dean said.
“No I didn’t,” Dean replied indignantly. He scrubbed his hand across his face. “Hey, did you guys try the water gun shooting the clown thing yet?”
Gabe hopped up to sit cross-legged on the table next to Sam. “Well, um. Yes sort of, I- didn’t think that hard, I just thought it would be funny if.. aaaand by the time I could see that it was mean, I- I was going to ‘fess up! But Sam, I had no idea they would.. do you think they’re. That they’re. Um.” He scratched at the back of his neck. It’s not like he needed to ask; he wasn’t even sure he needed celestial hearing to detect the happy noises coming from Dean’s room.
Sylvia dashed up the stairs and rummaged through her drawers. Being a short, thick girl with curves galore, she didn’t exactly have clothes for hot muscular dudes around, but she managed to dig up a pair of navy blue sweats with her high school sports team name on them, and a t-shirt that was a few sizes too small to squeeze over her chest these days. She also grabbed the least girly socks she could find and a big pullover hoodie with a software company logo on it that had been a freebie from the last trade convention.
“Of course, Dean.” Dean rolled over and held his breath as Cas slid his t-shirt up and started rubbing a dab of the cool cream onto his skin. It shouldn’t have felt anywhere near as good as it did. Dean bit the inside of his cheek to hold back a moan. Maybe this had been a bad idea. Maybe he should have just toughed it out. But on the other hand, he probably should enjoy this for what it was worth.
“Ouch,” Gabriel said, wincing and looking away. He made the mistake of meeting Cas’s eye. “Yeah, okay, that’s… I shouldn’t have lied. What I should have told you, Sylvia, is that I’m no good for you, and you should forget about me.”
Dean dumped the onions into the pan and began chopping up bell peppers while giving Cas an unamused look.
Dean drifted off to sleep long before Cas did. Cas laid awake in the dim room - they’d left the bathroom light on, neither had discussed it aloud, but Cas couldn’t bear full darkness. He watched Dean’s chest rise and fall, studied the freckles on his nose, and let himself feel the full measure of gratefulness. He sent up a little prayer to Jack, telling him as much, and he felt like Jack was happy, too. Happy for them.
“Cas?” he called in a hoarse whisper. “Baby, you up here?” He tiptoed through the kitchen, down the hallway that led to the bathroom and Sylvia’s office. Nothing and no one, they were quiet and still. He went into the living room and the dining room, still nothing.
Castiel drifted off to sleep secure in Dean’s arms, and both finally got a much-needed good night’s sleep.
“I want to stay with you, Dean. Of course.” Tears glistened on his cheek. “I have never wanted to leave you.”
If you have not yet heard Jensen Ackles sing "Heaven" then get you to youtube and have a religious experience. I'm not even particularly a Jensen girl but like damn.
She leaned closer and slipped an arm around his waist. “I don’t think we’ve ever gone out to dinner together.”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam said. He stood awkwardly for a moment. “Um. That was… a really good kiss, before, and-”
“Always am, Dean,” Sam sighed.
“Sure thing!” she said enthusiastically as she ticked something on a clipboard. Dean gave it a hearty spin and it clacked around in circles until it stopped on a blue wedge.
“It can’t hurt,” Cas agreed. He sipped at the open beer bottle Dean had handed him. “This beer does have a bit of flavor. If nothing else, perhaps I should enjoy some food while I’m able.”
Cas swallowed hard, his cock throbbing with need. “Are you certain that you’re ready?”
“I take it things didn’t go well?” Cas asked.
“Tell who what?” said Sylvia. They both turned in unison and saw her standing on the pathway, clad in a quilted housecoat and fuzzy socks. “What the hell is going on? Why are you fighting outside my bedroom window in the middle of the damn night?”
“You too,” he said, shaking her hand and trying not to stare any longer than was polite. She was not at all what he’d been expecting. Short, messy hair that was growing back to brown after what must’ve been something teal or blue or maybe green but just looked washed out and blah. Crooked glasses, no makeup, kinda chubby. And unnervingly friendly. She was nothing like what he’d expected Gabriel’s ex to be. “Man, I owe you. Like, a lot.” He squeezed Cas’s shoulder.
“Yes, I believe so. I cannot fathom that there is a way my grace could be recovered from the Empty, and it would be foolish to try.”
Sam shrugged. “I guess it’s the usual assumption, yeah. As a society we’re conditioned to see people like that and it’s hard to unlearn. So when I find out that someone I know isn’t straight, it’s just like a… ‘huh’ moment. It’s just a… a fact about them.”
“Have you always looked at me that way?” Dean asked, feeling all melty under Cas’s adoring gaze.
Dean pulled up to the address that Cas had texted him. An unimpressive white house with a green roof, just a simple little thing. The front yard had a stepping stone pathway that ran crookedly between shrubberies and gravel, from the sidewalk up to the door. A mailbox on a post stood near the sidewalk, bearing a decal of llamas wearing sunglasses. On the stoop next to the front door was a ceramic statue of a fat green frog wearing overalls and playing a banjo, and a welcome mat proclaimed “The Neighbors Have Better Stuff.”
love?”
By the time they got to Dean’s motel room a few miles away, the swollen eye had healed to just a few purplish-yellow bruises, the worst of the cuts were gone, and the broken bones seemed completely healed as well. But he still shivered in the night air when he stepped out of the car, and clutched Dean’s jacket around him.
“I like him just fine when he’s not trying to ruin Sam’s relationship,” Dean replied. “He dumps your friend to mess around with my brother and you just-”
“I’ll be in my office; I need to get some work in. Let me know if you need to talk afterward. But you’d better call him.” Sylvia disappeared down the hallway into her home office and left Castiel alone at the kitchen table with his thoughts of Dean Winchester.
“It’s a headband,” he said, tilting his phone so that she could see the pattern. “I liked the cable knit design particularly.”
“So far so good,” Dean croaked. “Ain’t ruling it out though.”
“Dean, we’ve beaten each other bloody, nearly to death on several occasions, to say nothing of the times we were on opposite sides of conflicts, deceived each other, went incommunicado for-”
He didn’t have long to wait. Cas’s breathy gasps, more restrained than usual but still so familiar to Dean, soon became more frantic, and Cas grabbed Dean’s head, his fingers buried in his hair, and thrust into his mouth.
“I gotta take Cas to the beach this summer,” Dean said. “You’ve got a beach around here somewhere, right?”
“And Jack is God, of course,” Dean said.
“Well
“Send me a pic?” Dean asked. “Can you do that with that phone?”
, and that angels just don’t-”
“She deserves better than this,” Cas said angrily.
“For the record, I didn’t mention to her that I’ve seen you,” Cas said. “Because I think that, thus far, you haven’t hurt her because she believes your lie; she believes that you had to cancel your plans for good reasons and that she’ll see you again soon. But if you continue to string her along…” Cas sighed. “Gabriel, she’s my friend. I will not assist you in lying to her. Especially not for a stupid reason.”
“So no wedding cakes or anything?”
“Not as far as I know,” Dean said. “Unless he went and did something really dumb in his first five minutes of humanity.”
“Peachy. Apparently we all didn’t exist for a while but then Jack put us back again, which I never even would have known if Sam didn’t-”
“We’re pretty chill.” She poured herself a cup of coffee and splashed creamer into it. “How’s Dean?”
“Oh for- really? Is everyone going to grill me about Sylvia today?” he groaned. “That’s… it’s not good for her. She could be perfectly normal if I leave her alone. Surely you understand that.”
They sat at the table, Sylvia with her cup of coffee and Castiel with a dish of cottage cheese and a banana. “There are so many foods that I didn’t get to try last time I was human,” he said. “Cottage cheese is interesting. Bumpy. I haven’t decided if I like it.”
“Broken glass,” he said. “Real buzzkill.”
“Yeah. Yeah, Cas, I… you’re… well, you’re my best friend, for starters. Love spending time with you.”
“Yeah, uh. We thought that maybe the spell wasn’t working because it needed to be more of a significant location.” As he spoke, he was carefully helping Cas to his feet. Even when he’d stood all the way and seemed steady on his feet, Dean kept his hands on Cas’s waist, and Cas continued to lean on his arms. “Cas, you gotta let me tell you now.”
While he waited for this ritual to be completed, he had some time to think about something that had been bothering him most of the day, ever since he’d helped Dean clean up from fixing the car. He’d known Dean long enough and well enough to figure out when he was trying to conceal something. With jokes, distractions - the kissing was new, of course. But the way he’d dodged the issue could only indicate that it was significant. Castiel went back into the bedroom and slipped the car keys from Dean’s pocket.
“Uh, yeah?” Gabriel said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“You were dead,” Castiel said. “Some time has gone by. We were only just able to bring you back. You may wish for some clothes. It can get cold being human.” He handed Gabriel a bundle of green fleece, the first piece of clothing he’d been able to grab.
Gabriel had a very brilliant plan, if he did say so himself. Things were getting sort of boring around the Men of Letters bunker. Hanging out with the Winchester bros, and his own little bro Cas, was pretty cool. But they’d just been hanging around the place for ages. It was good, of course, that there were so few monster problems out there that the Winchesters could enjoy semi-retirement. Getting to watch movies and play board games and drink beer with Sam Winchester - with both the Winchesters, of course, and Cas - was great, Gabe thought, but they needed to liven things up a bit.
“I’m so used to simply ordering whatever you want to eat,” Cas said.
“Sorry, dear. I’ll stop,” Cas said. “Should we try that Texas Steakhouse place for dinner? I don’t believe I’ve ever had a steak.”
“OW! Dammit, Gabriel!” Cas shouted, spinning around and scowling at his brother who was peeking around the tent wall and grinning. “You really suck.”
“Little bit.”
“There’s a big difference between me respecting your freedom and you just never fucking seeing me again!” she exclaimed. She dragged the back of her hand across the tears blurring her vision. “I love you, Gabe.”
Claire stood up and stretched. “Meh, I guess for a couple of old dudes you’ve both done alright. You really deserve each other. Anyway, we’re gonna go take a nap before the festivities. When are we heading out?”
Gabriel frowned. “So you don’t think it’s my fault?”
“Oh, I will,” Dean said earnestly. “Trust me.” He and Castiel climbed into the Impala.
“Dean, I’m teasing you.”
“She didn’t see you for ten years and she didn’t move on, dude,” Dean scoffed. “Sounds to me like she’s attached.”
“Hey everybody!” she said cheerily. “This is my friend Cas, he’s gonna knit with us tonight.”
“I’m going to kick Sam’s ass,” she said without even a hello. “That asshole said you were dead.”
“C’mon Cas, let’s just have fun tonight,” Dean wheedled. “I wanna ride the bull. Can I ride the bull, babe?”
“My hair. What in the Ronald McDonald Carrot Top bullshit happened to my freaking hair?!” Dean exclaimed.
Castiel’s face lit up in a sunny smile. “He loves me.”
It turned out pretty well in spite of neither of them being ginger, Gabriel thought, as they resumed kissing.
“Probably boning as we speak,” Dean helpfully finished.
Castiel beamed. “I think that sounds wonderful.”
“This is a strange song,” Cas said.
“Um.”
” he said.
Sam met them at the room door and he scooped Cas into a hug. There were tears in the corners of his eyes when he pulled away.
“I’m saying that I’m bi, okay. I’m bi- bisexual, I’ve been kinda into guys... for a long time, and… I just need you to know that about me.” Dean felt like he’d been punched in the gut, that kind of punch where you can’t draw a full breath afterward. He stood there waiting for Sam to react.
“Well, as much as I’d like to see Cas get flung to the mat in like half a second, I think Kaia and I are gonna catch a Lyft back to the motel. See ya tomorrow.” Claire draped an arm around Kaia’s waist.
Dean felt like he’d been hit by lightning. It wasn’t, it couldn’t be. “Who is this?” he demanded angrily.
“Damn, kid.” Gabriel let out a pained sigh.
“Wasps,” he managed to say before dropping the phone and hunching over while trying to walk away. But his legs suddenly felt like blocks of wood, and his throat was itchy. He tried to call out for Sam but he could barely make a squeak as his throat got tighter and tighter by the second. Dean landed on the ground in a crumpled heap as the insects kept attacking.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’d love to hear what you think the alternative was.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The waitress came back with Cas’s ice cream and the check. She put the check down next to Dean, gave them both a friendly smile, and walked away.
“I miss my coat,” Cas said. “I feel strange without it.”
Sylvia blinked. “Great. Wow. Glad I’m an agnostic, I guess. Um. Can I offer you something to eat or drink?”
“Yes, well,” Cas conceded. “‘The course of true love never did run smooth’ as they say.”
“Mmm-mmm,” he said, taking a moment to stare. “Just as sexy as ever.”
“I need to tell Gabe I’m sorry,” she said firmly and slowly. Her face was blotchy, her eye makeup was smeared and runny.
Gabriel sighed. “Do you think maybe I can get a do-over on that?”
They ended up at a Thai restaurant, then back at Sylvia’s hotel room afterwards. Gabriel sat on the bed and plumped the pillows and examined the contents of the nightstand while Sylvia went into the bathroom and made herself comfortable for the evening. She brushed her teeth, took off her makeup, switched her contacts for glasses, and pulled on a boring pink cotton sleep shirt.
“Hell yeah!” Dean said enthusiastically. Castiel bristled at his side. “Unless… babe, you don’t wanna?”
Two doors over from the brew pub there was an insurance office that was closed on Saturdays. Sam and Eileen ducked into the alcove of the entryway and leaned against the closed door, providing a semblance of peace and privacy.
“Are you alright?” Castiel asked, handing her phone back.
“I think that’s an excellent idea,” Castiel said.
“Oh come on Dean, you know that’s not how it is at all. Now you’re not even being rational.”
Castiel’s face looked utterly betrayed. “So much for moral support!”
“Lucifer?!” Cas exclaimed. “What the hell was Lucifer doing back? Dean, are you alright? Jack? Sam? Did Chuck-”
“...there it is.”
“I don’t know,” Cas said. “Surprise me.”
“Trust me, we’re hardly the first.” He pulled back and leaned his hands against the wall on either side of Cas and studied him carefully. “Is this not okay?”
“I thought showering was typically a solo activity,” Cas said, his eyes fixed on Dean as Dean started unfastening his pants.
Sylvia hugged Cas. “Thank you so much. You are the best. I have no idea what I would have done without you.”
The festival was in a large park downtown. Food trucks and vendors’ stalls filled the streets all around it, a huge performance tent was set up in the farthest corner, and a DJ in the little band shell in the very center was blasting dance music. The parade was set to begin at eleven, and people lined the streets throughout the downtown area. The parade route would carry from the industrial park, where floats and marchers were preparing in parking lots, through town to the park. After that, the performances would begin in the big tent.
He stared out at the horizon. Rolling hills and distant mountains, and a beautiful blue sky studded with puffy clouds, like a kid’s picture book. Cas’s eyes were a nicer blue, of course, but it was still pretty scenery. So yeah, maybe Dean was starting to realize that he had it pretty bad for Cas.
“I’m not about to tell you what you can and can’t do, Dean.” He softened, the grumpiness smoothing from his face and shoulders. “I think I might like to see that, actually,” he added after a pause as they all watched the next young man thrash around on it.
He had stripped from the waist up and thrown everything over a tree branch and was struggling out of his soaked jeans when Cas pulled up in his pickup truck. It was stupid, but Dean felt suddenly self-conscious that he was standing there with his soaking wet gray boxer briefs pasted to his skin, and he quickly pulled on his dry jeans. By the time Cas got out of the truck and walked over to him, he’d finished dressing, at least with what he had available. He sat on the back seat, socked feet propped up on the doorway, as Cas approached.
“No, no, I’m with you. Pie is good. Versatile.” She and Dean exchanged a smile.
Cas smiled. “I think I’d like that.”
“You excited?” Dean murmured against his ear. They could hear the sounds of the parade as it approached, winding its way through the streets. Marching band renditions of pop songs filled the air.
“Well okay, it wasn’t funny then,” Dean said. “He kicked your ass pretty good. Brothers, huh? I was pissed.” He told Sylvia all about the TV shows that Gabriel had put them through, about finally outsmarting him.
They all peered around the table. There, lying spread eagle, was Gabriel’s very unconscious, very naked form.
“Can you make salad?” she asked. She started pulling vegetables from the fridge and piled them in his arms. “Go nuts.”
They ended up shifting around and lying down on their sides, face to face. Not touching, but close enough to feel each other’s warmth. “You should get some more sleep, Dean,” Cas said. “I’m hopeful that I’ll be able to accelerate your recovery by morning, but in the meantime, you should rest.” He took Dean’s hand gently between his and kissed his knuckles. Dean closed his eyes and let sleep overtake him, knowing that Cas was by his side and that they had so much more to look forward to very soon.
“Sylvia’s luckier than the rest of us,” Stephan said. “Promotion and almost exclusively work from home. So jelly.”
Sylvia turned to glance at Sam and frowned. “What do you… wait, are you two…”
“It’s an interesting fashion. The ancient Romans wore woven bands of various plants - laurel and myrtle being the most popular - when they were victorious in battle. Though they didn’t use flowers until later, and by then it had morphed into something worn in celebratory festivals, much as we are this weekend. It’s nice to see that the old ways carry on even when so much is forgotten.”
“Ladies’ room,” Cas said. Gabriel nodded and popped back out again.
“My-my pigtails?” Sam’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline.
“Well he and Gabriel had done some business in the past, and I figured he might have heard from him. He hadn’t, but he offered to sell me the stuff for the summoning.”
“Target practice,” Claire shrugged. “I guess. I mean… it would have been a nice present for Jack but that dumbass had to go off and be god instead of being my weird brother or whatever, so. Yeah. I dunno.” She shoved the bear into Dean’s arms. “Carry this back to the car, would ya? Are we leaving soon or what?” She started off down the pathway.
Cas squinted. “You don’t... require tampons, Dean.”
Cas pulled the bags from the trunk and they headed upstairs. In the corridor to the bedrooms, he paused uncertainly. His room was in the next hallway over from Dean’s. Would Dean want to maintain his private space, with them meeting in one room or another as the mood struck? Or would they share space as they’d been doing in the motel rooms these last few days, and in Sylvia’s guest room?
“Even with the exertion of the walking?” Cas asked, frowning in concern. “I understood that physical activity could keep humans warm in such situations.”
Cas slid his hand into Dean’s. That felt nice, their hands fit together perfectly. “Come sit in the back yard with me and tell me everything. Claire told me about Jack, I… I scarcely know what to think.”
“Yeah, well I haven’t been running around half naked all day like you, hot stuff.”
I ask? She gets defensive, mad that I’m accusing her of trying to be clingy.” He paused and took a long sip of beer, then made a face. “Mercy, that’s bitter. Aaaanywho, that’s basically how things went with us recently. So, what the everloving gobstopper was that crap today?”
Castiel set up his phone to display the pattern that he’d found earlier and began on the green wool.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course.” He stood up and gave Gabriel a last desperate glance before walking away with her.
“Sleep,” Cas insisted.
“I think we’ve reached a level of understanding,” Gabriel said.
Cas had the bulk of the early part of the song. What he lacked in pitch control, he made up for in emotion. Dean knew the song, of course he’d seen the movie a few times and he had a basic idea of how it went, but hearing those words of love and devotion coming out of Cas’s mouth, it was like he was pouring his heart out to Dean all over again. “Listen to my heart, can’t you hear it sing? Telling me to give you everything,” he belted out, and Dean’s heart skipped a beat. Cas was so earnest and open, and Dean cast a glance around the room. Just about every woman in there and a good handful of the dudes were entranced by him.
“Okay, whatever. Kiss my hand, or my cheek or something.” Dean fidgeted, rolled his eyes, and then held out his hand half-heartedly.
“No!” Sam exclaimed. “No, hell no, that’s- that’s ridiculous.”
“Gabe. Gabe, I do. I always think of you as mine, even though I know I have no right to try to- I thought
She made it around the corner and onto the stairs before she started crying, and onto the bed before it turned into full blown sobs. Was this grief ever going to let up?
After breakfast, Sylvia and Gabriel walked out to the car with them. Hugs were exchanged all around. Sylvia squeezed Castiel tightly, not wanting to let him go. “You’d better text me all the time,” she said. “I want to hear everything. Come back soon, you two. And you,” she pointed at Dean. “Take good care of him.”
It had been just after sunset when Sylvia had done the spell that had landed the wrong angel back from the dead and into her living room. Now it was just after midnight and the final scene of Much Ado About Nothing was playing on the TV. The coffee table was littered with beer bottles, glasses, and half-full bottles of flavored vodkas and peach schnapps. All the alcohol she’d had in the house, in fact. The remnants of a bowl of cookie dough was getting warm and oozy, and popcorn was spilled all over the carpet.
“Sylvia?” Dean blurted. “You’re with a girl?”
“You seriously want me to make you cookies now?”
“Your hoodie, from your closet. I’ve been wearing it. I had so little left of you, I just needed…” Dean realized that he was crying as a tear dripped from his cheek and onto their hands.
“You could retaliate with a humorous mug about him being a barely adequate heterosexual,” Cas suggested.
“Is this New Jersey?” Cas said. He looked out the window. He hadn’t thought about where he was. There was a big oak tree in the yard, other houses in the distance, nothing distinctive to mark this as any particular part of America. “I didn’t ask Sylvia where-”
“I’m not into guys,” he protested.
It was a little awkward at first, but Sam put his hands on Gabriel’s shoulders, and Gabriel’s fingers curled around his waist, and they swayed to the music. Other couples, who’d been bopping and grinding to the club music earlier and hadn’t quite known what to do with this shift, soon joined them.
“Work,” Cas said.
The dining room was tiny, really just the other half of the living room. It was scarcely big enough for a six-person table, a hutch, and a few side tables with Sylvia’s nicer dining pieces. The table itself was smoothly polished and covered with a yellow plaid linen tablecloth. A vase held red carnations in the center and was flanked by salt and pepper shakers and the napkin holder. These Gabriel swept to the floor with a dramatic crash, and he laid Sylvia out on the table.
Dean gave a smug look and strolled up to Cas and slung an arm around his waist. “We slept just fine,” he said. “Didn’t we, sweetheart?”
“That was so hot,” Dean said.
“I’m not sure that’s the best-” Cas began, but she waved her hand toward him with a loud ‘shhhhhh’ and leaned forward to put her finger on Cas’s lips.
“Well there’s no sense in you suffering needlessly,” Castiel said. He stopped Dean with a hand to his shoulder, then pulled his coat off and held it out for him. Dean slipped his arms into the sleeves before he even really thought about it. He pulled it close around his body, soaking in the warmth of the angel that still clung to it.
“No! Sam, oh my god, no! Listen. Fuck. I’m really fucking this up.” Dean put down the garlic knot that he’d just mangled and wiped his hands on the dish towel. “I don’t mean normal like… not abnormal… shit. But like it’s a default, like when you meet someone you assume they’re straight unless you get told otherwise, right?”
“You’re doing awesome,” Dean said. “C’mere.” He pulled Cas up onto the seat and kissed him. “Sweetheart. You give good head, and I love you.”
“You know what, Cas, you suck,” Dean grumbled.
,” Dean said.
“Oh. Erm. S-sorry, I didn’t mean to intrude. I can just vamoose-”
Sam considered for a moment. “I don’t know, man. I don’t know her at all, really just what Cas has told me. She seemed kinda cold when Cas introduced us. I don’t think she likes me.”
“I’ll send one of the guys to walk you over for a potty break,” she said. “But I think you’ll be out of here soon. Your o2 sat’s already improving, your pulse is going down.” She patted him on the shoulder and fixed the nasal cannula back on his face.
“Does he take you driving?”
“Hey, unknown number from Kansas. Is this your boo?” She held the phone out to Castiel.
“About ten miles that way,” she said.
“I did and I believe that he did. Unfortunately, it seemed like we were finally getting close at last, on that last mission, just a bit too late. But I valued him very much. He was one of my favorite brothers.”
“Guys. Dean’s obviously suffering from SOG. Surely you’ve… I mean, you’ve met a lot of hunters, you must’ve seen this before?” At their puzzled faces, Gabriel continued. “Sudden Onset Gingerism in Hunters. It’s from a virus, probably got exposed on a hunt months ago. I know it’s called sudden onset but it’s really a thing that can lay dormant and then - well anyway, once you’ve woken up ginger, you’re in the end stages, kiddo.”
He sipped from a coffee mug - half coffee, half whiskey. The mug was pale yellow with little bees printed on it. Cas’s mug. He hadn’t looked when he’d grabbed it. Shit, he’d grabbed Cas’s mug. What would Cas-
Dean pulled back. “I should get in the shower. Too bad it’s only big enough for one.” He patted Cas’s cheek and gave him a saucy smirk.
He tried to insert himself between them as they nudged their way into the row, but somehow Sylvia ended up between Cas and Sam.
Dean would be driving of course, Cas assumed that he wouldn’t get a response for a while, but just a few minutes later his phone chimed. -Damn- was all it said. Then, a few minutes after that, a photo came in. In the background was the corner of a building with some dumpsters and an air pump beyond it. Dean was leaning against the back of the Impala, holding his phone up high and angling it down toward his face. He was lit by the midday sun. The strands of his hair were practically glowing. And his eyes, oh. The sunlight brought out the golden flecks within the green. He was squinting a little, which wrinkled up his nose and concentrated his freckles. He was beautiful.
“Oh. Oh, dude,” Sam said. “Yeah, I’m gonna need a minute.” He sat down on a stool, the salad forgotten. “So like… what, pining secretly for each other for
1. Returning the Favor
“No break. I need you to fuck me.”
Cas finished his meal and put the plate aside. Now when Dean looked at him there were no wounds at all, and his movements were unencumbered by pain. It seemed that Cas was recovering just fine, and Dean exhaled and felt the tension release from his shoulders. And then Cas stood and stretched, letting Dean’s coat fall from his shoulders onto the bed, and he began unbuttoning his torn and bloodstained shirt, and Dean felt a different kind of tension.
“I can feel that,” Cas said. Their legs were slotted together and Cas rubbed his thigh against Dean’s hard cock. Dean groaned.
Castiel shook his head. “Heaven isn’t much these days. And God is evil, as it turns out.”
He ended up sitting on the floor with Cas’s mug, now topped off with whiskey. He let it burn its way down his throat as the tears flowed. It had been ten days now but it still felt like he was sitting against the dungeon wall, unable to process the magnitude of this loss. His toast went cold, forgotten in the toaster. He’d never be able to choke it past the pain of his broken heart, anyway.
“Literally nothing has changed,” Sam muttered, rolling his eyes heavenward.
When Dean came out of the bathroom, Cas was already dressed, in snug black shorts that came to just above the knee, white sneakers with rainbow stripes on the sides, and a t-shirt that read “love is love.” Well. Half a t-shirt. It ended above his belly button. So much toned, tanned abdomen all on display. Dean’s eyes widened. He savored the vision of it, Cas in makeup and sexy, revealing clothes.
“So you’ve said,” Dean said with a chuckle. “Well. Guess that leaves us with just one question.”
Gabriel clearly hadn’t noticed them in the audience. He was strutting around, dancing, lip-synching, and generally getting very into his performance. It wasn’t until nearly the end of the song when he spotted them. Or rather, Sam. He locked eyes with Sam, made easier by his height, and… and he was clearly flirting directly with Sam. Somehow, he hadn’t noticed Sylvia or Cas. Cas watched Sam’s face carefully. He still looked uncomfortable, but he was blushing now.
By the time Cas met up with them at the car, Claire had settled into a quiet sulkiness that Dean, if he hadn’t been present for the outburst, would assume was perfectly normal Claire. He stuffed the teddy bear into the trunk as Claire and Kaia piled into the back of the Impala for the drive to the motel.
“Yeah, dude, you don’t smell funky or turn my stomach.”
Castiel sighed sadly and patted her shoulder as she cried and snotted and blew her nose and then snorted into further, ugly sobs. When at last she stopped crying and felt a little more calm, she said. “Still. I’m not sorry I was able to save someone at least. Did he like you? Did you like him?”
“Dean, you can’t eat twinkies. Your throat was swollen shut half an hour ago,” Sam said. Dean just grinned - at least he tried to grin; he could definitely feel the swelling in his face as he tried to form his mouth into his signature grin - and Sam walked out of the cubicle with an irritated, dismissive handwave.
“Angels?” Her eyes widened. “Wait, is this the guy you were just with at the brew pub? He’s an angel?”
Dean heard a car door slam in the distance, and voices - Sam’s voice in confusion at first, then concern. Then footsteps running towards him. A shout - Cas’s voice, that was Cas! And then Cas’s hands were on him.
“It is January 12th!” Sam exclaimed. “What does that have to do with anything?”
“Will you permit me to help you out with that?” Cas said. Dean responded by undoing his own pants and pulling his dick out.
a little poetic. Anyway, the point is, romantic love is extremely difficult. It is made even more so by not telling people things.”
And then she blinked, and Gabriel was crouched in front of her. “Hey, sweetcheeks,” he said. “How’s tricks?”
“Nice to see you again,” Sylvia said casually to Gabriel. “Were you ever going to come visit?”
Cas’s caresses were slow and deliberate, stoking the fire within Dean with a steady pace. And then he mouthed down to Dean’s neck and sucked on the soft skin there, and his fingers moved toward the button of his jeans. “May I?” he murmured against Dean’s spit-damp skin as his fingers toyed with the button.
Sylvia shook her head. “Well I certainly don’t want to like, settle down and play house. I don’t think exclusivity is necessary. Or even desirable.”
“Me too, Dean,” Cas said. He thrust against him as they moved their hands together. They found a rhythm together, and soon their kisses grew more frantic, shorter, and sloppier. “I think… I’m close,” Cas groaned.
“You- you’re right about that,” she panted. Already her blood felt like fire, particularly where he kept grinding against her, she could feel the answering thrum of her pulse. “I need it. I need you, Gabriel. Fuck, sugar, that feels so good,”
“I like the way you think,” Gabriel said, stepping closer to him. “But I’m keeping it real today. For now, anyway. How’s it going, kiddo? Walk with me?”
“Yeah? Haven’t heard from him lately. Sam said he was not coping well. With you being dead and all. Not surprised he’s driving all the way out there to fetch you. So, uh. Give him a hug from me.”
“Were you ready?”
“Well, I was dead, so I don’t think I’d like that,” Castiel said ruefully. “But I do appreciate the offer. And yes, that sounds rather on-brand for Sergei.” He spat the name like a curse.
“I told you Dean, I’m not an angel anymore.”
“Sure she’s not a reaper?”
“You’re not going to be modeling for magazine covers anytime soon, but keep in mind that you are damn lucky to be alive,” the nurse said. “Do you have a hot date coming up soon or something?”
The nurse from before was back with a young girl, some kind of assistant or student probably; to Dean she looked like a high schooler. She shooed Sam and Cas out of the room for the final checkup, and they helped Dean into the clean sweats and t-shirt that Sam had brought. He was so glad Cas hadn’t had to be there for that. What he could see of the stings on his body, many were still very swollen, and those that had receded had left ugly bruising. He was not going to go back to normal for quite some time.
They heard the rumble of the impala outside, and soon Sam was back in the room with them, shifting the mood slightly. Fortunately Sam was feeling chatty, and the awkward silence soon dissipated into trading hunting stories.
“Hell of a moniker, guess I’ll take it,” she laughed. “Nice to meet you, Sam. I’ve heard so much about you.” They eyed each other with curiosity and a touch of suspicion, and as the temperature dropped, Cas began to wish the collision had knocked him out.
Sam smiled. He’d know that voice anywhere, and he was happy enough to hear it that he didn’t even mind one more come-on. He spun around on the bar stool. “Well look at you, all alive again.”
Sam shrugged and shook his head sadly. “Kinda. I don’t want to dump this on you.”
“It says kazoo,” Dean said, collecting the prize from the befuddled woman and ushering them all out of her booth and away from the crowds.
And then Cas was gone and Dean did whimper, but the bed dipped again and the little plasticky click of the cap sent a rush of anticipatory lust through him. Cas’s touch was gentle now, one hand stroking soothing touches around the curve of his ass and up his back to his shoulders, while the other hand fingered him gently open, cool and smooth. This part was quiet, soft gasps and moans and murmurs. Quiet until it wasn’t, quiet until Cas’s patient touch brought Dean from anticipatory to desperate. When Dean started to make louder, demanding keening noises, and finally looked over his shoulder and pleaded “Cas,” in a drawn out hiss, then Cas withdrew his fingers and knelt behind him.
Cas’s arm tightened around him. “I suppose I never thought of it that way. I very much enjoy your company, Dean. I would also consider you my best friend.”
“I mean, Syl, we’re not… you don’t want me sticking around all the time anyway, and we’re not serious, so what’s the difference?” For the first time he raised his eyes and she could see the hurt in them.
As Dean slid back into his seat after the song, Cas squeezed his hand. “Now who’s the romantic sap?” Cas murmured.
“Oh no, he’s not a lady,” Castiel said. “He is quite special though.”
“Seems that you and she had been planning to come here together, but last week you told her that some important celestial business came up and you couldn’t make it.” Cas stopped walking and turned to face Gabriel, his arms folded across his chest.
“It is a lovely view out here,” Cas said. They were surrounded by trees and bushes, and farmland stretched out beyond it.
“Cas?” Sam asked.
“What happened? Did you get yeeted out again - babe, I thought the Empty was pissed, I-” Dean coughed. “I wanted to save you but I didn’t even know where to start. Chuck is over. We won. Jack is… he’s the new.. I guess.. Man, I miss him, but he’s okay. Our boy did pretty good for himself.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. Here he was babbling, and he’d sworn up and down, he’d promised himself over every fresh burst of tears, that if he ever got the chance again- “I love you, Cas. You could have had me all this time, sweetheart.”
“Just letting you know that I just got back to the motel,” Sam said.
“I still can’t wrap my head around never seeing him again.” She started pushing the cart down the aisle. “Don’t worry about me, I just have to get through it I guess. C’mon, let’s get you a burner phone while we’re here.”
Then a moment later, Cas was sliding into the car from the other side, and Dean was being pulled in, and pushed by Sam, until he was lying across the seat with his head in Cas’s lap. And oh, how he wished he could enjoy this moment. But his chest still ached and every sting on his body felt like fire and his head was pounding, and his hands were so swollen he couldn't even move his fingers.
“Yeehaaaaw!” Dean shouted as the machinery started moving. He held on tightly, with his hands and with his thighs as it went up and down and side to side, but then one sudden lurch of the machine and he was tumbling to the padded surface below, landing on his back. “I’m okay! I’m okay!” he proclaimed, struggling to his feet. Cas mercifully ended the video.
Sam winced. “That’s not fair…” Gabriel began, but Sylvia was in no mood to be spoken to.
“Sylvia shares. Can’t Sam’s girl share?” Gabriel said, prying the middle cinnamon roll out of the pan.
“You look amazing,” Dean said drowsily, drinking in the delicious sight. “Is that… are you wearing makeup?”
“Love you too, Cas,” replied Dean.
He slid the housecoat up higher on her hips, shoving the fabric out of his way, and brought his hand between them, between her legs. “Why are you wearing underwear?” he whined. “Dammit.”
Dean licked his lips and surged forward. His hands skimmed down Cas’s side as they kissed, and he worked his shirt up inch by inch, palming over his skin as he did so. When they broke off, panting, he pulled the shirt over his head, and let Cas yank his own shirt off, before they dove back into the kiss again.
Kaia shrugged. “I’m going to college in the fall. And I work in a bakery now.”
“I don’t need that,” Dean said. “It’s not my kinda thing at all, Sam.”
“Cas,” he breathed as the door swung open. He stepped inside and reached for his shoulder - so used to restricting himself to brotherly shoulder touches - and at the last moment redirected his hand to reach up and cup Cas’s face. “Cas, I…”
“Cas?” Dean asked, running over. “Oh please, oh please,” he murmured, scarcely aware of his voice as he knelt in the dirt. He touched him, turned him over carefully. He was unconscious but breathing. His poor face was battered. One eye was swollen and purple, his nose looked broken, and his hair was matted in blood at his temple. “Cas, please, please wake up,” Dean begged, sliding an arm under his shoulder and pulling him half onto his lap. The solid weight of him was somehow reassuring.
That was not the only thing in the bag. Three feathers were tucked into the bag as well, flanking the little glass bottle. With human senses, Castiel could never identify the owner of the grace in that bottle, but he knew without a doubt where those tawny golden feathers had come from.
There was an agonizing pause. Finally, Dean sighed, a huge, relieved sigh. “Oh, Cas. Oh sweetheart, I’m so sorry for what you’ve lost, but I am so glad to have you back. I wouldn’t care what you are. Angel, human, demon, wendigo, Jersey devil - I don’t care. I love you. And I would always, always rather have you.”
“I just thought everything was different now.”
proud of you. Of course I’m not going to look at you differently! You’re my brother, you’re the same brother I’ve always had.” Sam moved around the counter and hugged him, a quick hug with a fierce pat on the back. It felt so reassuring; Dean didn’t want to admit how badly he’d needed that hug. “Thank you for trusting me with this.”
“Sounds good,” she said. They’d reached the main road and found a relatively uncrowded spot to stand together. Dean walked up to Cas and slid his arms around him and leaned his chin on his shoulder.
“That’s not what I mean, Cas, I… I’m worried about you, man. You’re gonna stay here with us tonight, right?”
Gabriel looked as if he’d had a bucket of ice water to the head. “Yeah?” he managed, though he sounded choked.
he thought, hoping that this counted as prayer.
“Yes,” Dean assured him. Cas’s fingers nudged deeper on every stroke. He tried to recall, the details fuzzy in this human brain but he was sure that he knew every cell of Dean’s body, and that if he could just reach another inch or so higher… ahh yes, there it was. Dean’s head shot up off the pillow and he cried out, “holy
“Hey Sam, uh. You know... did you know that Claire and Kaia went camping together this week. Like, apparently they’re a couple.”
Cas turned to look at Dean. “Not at all. I was… bewildered, I suppose, but I’m very happy with how things turned out.” He smiled, and Dean grinned back at him, and the exchanged look left Dean feeling almost as warm and comforted as any post-nookie cuddling.
The kitchen smelled delicious when they opened the door. Sylvia was just pulling the lasagna out of the oven, all browned and bubbly.
“It’s fine, it just got up my nose,” Cas said. He sniffled and coughed and swallowed the last bits. “I’ll get better at this. Hopefully.”
Castiel tapped the cookbook. “Perhaps we could do pancakes? They seem simple.”
“Well this has been a very, uh, trying situation.” He reached up to wipe his forehead, then looked at his hand in surprise.
Dean and Cas stood by, ready in case there was any unforeseen trouble. Sylvia knelt on the floor in front of the table and sliced her arm, dripping the bright red blood into the bowl. When that was finished, Cas helped her press a bandage to the wound, Dean began to crumble the various ingredients into the bowl.
here?” he blurted out.
Cas woke up enough to make it to bed, grumbling about stupid human urination as he detoured into the bathroom. Dean tried to tuck him in without stirring anything up, but Cas was apparently a horny drunk. Dean undressing him and pulling the covers up around them both turned into frantic kissing and messy handjobs. Cas cried afterwards. “I just love you so much,” he said. “I’m not sad, I promise.”
Dean laughed. “Cuddle positions, sweetheart. Tell you what, why don’t we start you out with little spoon and see how that works for you.” He nudged Cas around until he could press his front against Cas’s back. “You get to feel more snuggled this way, but on the other hand you wake up being poked by morning wood. Just give me a shove if you want me to back off, k?”
Sam grinned. “That’s great, because what I wanted to tell you is, Claire texted me this morning, she’s going to be there too. She wants us to come.”
Sam smiled. “That’s great, Dean. Oh hey, we’ll have to go to Pride this summer. It’ll be so much fun.” He moved back around the counter and resumed his salad making duties.
One of the nurses, a pretty woman in her thirties with dark hair and dark eyes, the kind he’d usually be flirting with, looked at him in surprise and he realized those were the first words he’d spoken. She gave him a sympathetic look and a chuckle. “You’ll be back to your handsome self in no time,” she assured him.
She bit her lip and looked into those eyes, shining golden-brown even in the poor light, and it was all she could do not to say
“Who we both
Sam shrugged. “So guys, you know I mentioned the festival in Lincoln next weekend-”
“Yeah, sure. We’ll do that after breakfast.” Sylvia looked down at her dragon onesie. “Maybe I’ll change first.”
coming.”
By the time Sam came into the kitchen, Dean and Cas had finished cooking and were halfway through eating. Sam scooped some eggs onto a plate and pushed a piece of bread down into the toaster. He glanced over at where Dean was sitting. “You did like it,” he accused.
Cas sunk to his knees on the floorboards and planted a hand on either thigh. “I had been hoping to revisit this. I enjoyed the first time so much.”
As the parade went by, Sam found himself laughing and cheering and getting into the music of each performer. When the floats started tossing candy, he scrambled around for pieces of it that landed in their vicinity and handed them off to Gabriel.
Gabriel perked up at Sam’s name. “Is he wandering around here too?”
“I guess I’m not really good at figuring out all that stuff,” Gabriel sighed. “Crushes, love, attraction, whatever. Biggest mystery there is.”
“I can always pick off your plate for old time’s sake,” Dean said with a cheeky grin. “How’s it feeling? The humanity thing?”
“Ya think?” Sam snorted, reaching for a chip and dunking it in the artichoke dip. “This is gonna come off the wrong way, I’m sure, but I think she doesn’t really have a right to complain if that’s what she told you. And if she doesn’t want to make the effort to be honest with you… maybe she’s not… maybe this isn’t good for you, either.”
“First you tell me who you are,” Dean said.
Back at the house, Sylvia disappeared into the backyard to do her usual Friday routine of weeding and filling bird feeders. Dean went right to work on the car. Castiel sat on the curb nearby and watched over him.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you yet, but strangely I keep forgetting - not forgetting exactly, but it just didn’t feel like a big thing. And I know it is, but maybe-”
“Yes, hell yes! That sounds like a great deal,” Gabriel said, squeezing Sam’s hand. “Happy Kiss A Ginger Day, Sam.”
“That would be awesome.”
“Okay, no Sunday people. Just wake up.”
“Probably. Every time you try to go faster than I want to, yeah.”
“I think it’s fair for me to ask you more about your relationship with Sylvia at this point,” Sam said.
“Shakespeare never wrote anything half as convoluted as our story, I’m pretty sure,” Dean mused. A fond look crossed his face. “I stabbed you at first sight,” he chuckled with a happy sigh.
“Where’s Gabriel?” Sam asked.
Sylvia had three empty old-fashioned glasses in front of her and was dangerously close to tilting out of the chair. Cas watched her nervously and was poised to dive over and catch her if she did fall. Perhaps he had let her overdo it. Was he supposed to stop her? This was so confusing.
Several minutes later, they walked out toward the barn to assist Sam and Jack, Dean feeling odd and awkward in the pristine Nike sneakers and Cas’s coat flapping around his legs. “Hopefully the werewolf bonfire will warm me up soon, and then you can have your coat back,” Dean said.
,” she said firmly. “If nothing else, you need to find out if he succeeded in whatever crazy quest was going on. All you said was it was ‘world ending’ which I would usually take to be an exaggeration, but I’m getting the idea that for you guys that might not be.”
“Pfft, no. His dad hates my guts. World’s biggest asshole.” His hand tightened on Cas’s shoulder and they exchanged a look. “You were always too good for them anyway.”
“No weird pains or anything? No, uh… I mean, feelings-wise, you’re okay though? We jumped in with both feet here babe, and you’re going through some serious crap and… guess I kinda wonder if I should have given you space first?”
“Yeah, exactly.”
Oh, there it was. Cas flushed an adorable shade of red. Dean didn’t think he’d ever seen Cas blush before, and he wondered if it was something that his grace usually kept in check. Then he started wondering if the things he said ordinarily made Cas inclined to blush. “I don’t think that will be necessary, Dean. But if your shoulders are uncomfortable, certainly I’ll assist.”
Dean stared blankly at her. His face was too numb to make any other expressions.
Cas smiled smugly and took a big bite from his banana.
Cas smiled at her. “We have good news,” he said.
Sam just squeezed his shoulder and sighed. “Yeah, okay. I’ll help.”
The pub was quite busy, but one of the tables near the sidewalk opened up just as Gabriel walked up to the hostess, and they were soon seated over an appetizer sampler and cold beers. They settled in and chatted easily at first, skirting around the recent upset as they both let it sink in. Sam had long dreamed about something as simple as a date with Gabriel, sitting across from him at a table as the late afternoon sun glistened on his hair and made his eyes sparkle. For a while, he was distracted enough by that, but the nagging feeling that it was wrong crept in eventually.
, Dean added in his brain, but there were still things he wasn’t about to say to Sam.
“Oh. Well, uh. Don’t go to any trouble on my account,” Dean said. “You helping your friend shop?”
“Gabe,” Sam said. “Yeah.”
“I don’t need to use the restroom, Dean,” Cas said patiently. “I’ll wait out here for you.”
Dean frowned. Cas was supposed to have met them here. This was a simple enough haunting and they didn’t exactly need help; either of them could have done it alone in fact. But Cas was on his way back from checking on a possible rogue angel situation in New England that had fortunately been a bust. And since he was coming through anyway, he’d said that he would meet them here, in this weird rural bit of Pennsylvania.
“You’ll find out when I get up there.”
“He does. He’s- we’re dating. He’s my boyfriend.”
“So. Shall we say, four o’clock, by the funnel cake truck?”
Castiel rubbed his nose. “Yes,” he said sourly.
“Ohh,” Gabriel said. “Ohoho! Way to go, Cas! Aww, I’m so happy for ya.” He beamed proudly as they all sat down around the table. “Hey, if I’d known that Winchesters might go for angels… guess I might have to give Sam a call.” He waggled his eyebrows.
1. At The Bar
She led him through the living room and up the stairs. The entire second floor was one big open bedroom, both spacious and cluttered. The walls were pale yellow and mostly undecorated, instead nearly every space had a bookshelf, or table, or stack of boxes shoved against it. Books, papers, piles of clothes were strewn on every surface.
He knew; in the back of his mind and sometimes even in the middle of it, it had settled in. What Cas said about him, how he saw him. The last remnants of Dean’s self doubt were hard to shake, but he knew, when he looked into his own eyes in the mirror and forced himself to be honest with himself, that he was worthy of Cas’s love. Dean shook it off and left the bathroom. Time to go find that angel and kiss him senseless.
Castiel had found a few candles in the little basement apartment. A lilac-scented jar candle on the kitchenette countertop, a trio of white pillar candles on the TV set, a half-burnt pair of braided avocado green tapers in a crystal holder coated with old wax, sitting atop the fridge. He had gathered these all in the previous days and placed them on the chipped old dresser with a pack of matches. As Dean sat on the chair in the corner and pulled off his boots and shed his flannel, Cas lit the candles.
“You called,” he replied softly, reaching out to touch her cheek. “You sounded upset. Hurting. I don’t like for you to be hurting.”
“So where’s Dean?” she asked “Don’t tell me he’s in the show.”
“No, no. When you get here. I’ll show ya. I know how you love bees,” Dean said softly. “And, uh. There’s something I wanna talk to you about. I’ve been wanting to…” Dean had withdrawn his hand from the hive without grabbing anything, realizing that he had nothing to put the honey in, and maybe he could figure something out when Cas got here. But the swarm of insects that came out of the hive after he had disturbed it weren’t honeybees. They were a lot more menacing. Too late, he realized that the honeybees hadn’t been around because their hive had been attacked by wasps and they’d either fled or been killed.
Sylvia tucked her knitting project away in her bag and handed the television remote to Cas. “Good luck.”
“No, nothing like that,” Gabriel agreed. “Can we find something between
Cas hummed thoughtfully. He made eye contact with Dean, held his gaze and brought his fingertip back to his mouth and sucked the salty droplets off it, slowly this time. “I could, could I?”
“Sunset was 23 minutes ago,” Cas said. They walked along through the woods, crunching over the dead leaves and branches on the ground. They’d had to hike out to check on an abandoned shack that may have been the monster’s hideout. Turned out to be a dead end after all, and a waste of effort. Now they were headed back to where the car was parked at the trailhead, though they still had another mile or two to go.
“I mean, I would have gone with ‘best’.” Cas said patiently. “Though I’m not sure how one competes in bisexuality. You’re certainly my favorite, if that counts for anything.”
They walked together toward the main street. Claire and Cas walked a little ahead, and Dean found himself walking next to Kaia. He sensed that Claire needed some daughter and dad time, such as it was, and maybe it was good for Cas as well. But he found himself awkward next to Kaia. They hadn’t had a lot of time to patch things up since how badly he’d treated her, how badly it had all started, and this wasn’t exactly the time or place.
“No, it’s not,” Dean said scornfully. “Neither one of you is even dead. C’mon. Give it a little while to blow over and then talk to him. Meanwhile, I’m going to have a chat with Sammy. I know, Cas,” he added as Cas opened his mouth to start objecting. “I’m not going to go medieval on him, but I’m gonna find out what is going on. Promise I’ll behave.”
And a trench coat. It was the shorter style that Cas had tried for a while and abandoned. Dean didn’t know why; he’d never asked. He’d give anything to ask Cas something right now, just to talk about stupid crap like clothes, or the little snowglobe on the dresser, or the notes on the tablet about some case Claire had been working. Or, better still, to tell Cas that he was in love with him too, that Cas could have him, that he just wanted to be with Cas, be whatever he needed.
“Well you’re just gonna have to let me take care of you then,” Dean said. “Let’s get you home - well to a motel for now, get you patched up and then get home. ‘S a long drive from here.”
When Sylvia emerged from her office just after noon, Castiel was in the kitchen, paging through a cookbook. “Hello,” he said with a smile. “How’d it go?”
“But you guys have it all figured out,” she sniffled.
Dean started the engine and turned to give Cas a quick kiss. “Time to go home, angel,” he said.
Sam winced. “It is easier, or at least I thought it would be, to fall for someone who’s been in this life somehow and really gets it. Then again, I don’t know how much that applies to you. There’s no one else like you.”
Cas shrugged. “I do like ice cream.”
Dean chuckled. “Guess I really blew your mind. Hang on, let me get us cleaned up.” He slid out of the bed, padded into the bathroom and brought back a warm washcloth and cleaned Cas off. Then he tucked the covers around him and nestled in next to him. “So how about that cuddling? Big spoon or little?”
“Stay safe, Sam. And say hello to Eileen for me,” Cas said as Sam gathered his things and headed out.
Sam pulled back. He was teary. “Cas, man it is so good… damn I’m so glad you’re…” And then he was sniffling and Cas patted his arm comfortingly.
Claire pulled out her phone and started searching. “Well here’s a list of the top ten gay bars in town. I didn’t think there would even be ten.”
“I need to tell you- I need to tell you,” he said, pulling back until she could see his mouth, and freeing his hands to talk to her. “Eileen, I’m sorry. I should have told you right away. I kissed someone else. I might be kinda falling for him.”
“Weird how the music went from 90’s hip hop to Frank Sinatra.”
“Maybe,” Dean replied. “Wait and see.”
“Hah!” Dean laughed humorlessly. At Cas’s sharp look, he clarified. “Oh,
“Mmm. Mmmhm,” Dean agreed. “You are the best, baby. The absolute best. I wish I could make you feel this good.”
“You’re cold,” Dean accused. “Here.” Carefully, he slipped his thick, navy blue jacket off and tucked it around Cas’s shoulders. Cas held it closed with his good hand, and with Dean’s arm around his shoulders, they walked to the car.
Castiel sighed. He was warm and content at Dean’s side and he didn’t want to move, but his traitorous body was insisting that urination needed to occur yet again. He slipped carefully out of the bed, blew a kiss to Dean, and went to the bathroom.
They both moaned together as he slid in, slowly at first, then with a snap of his hips he was all the way in. “Syl, oh sweetness,” he murmured against her hair. “You feel amazing. Is this good for you, kiddo?”
Dean had left the brew pub soon after Sam and Eileen had finished explaining things to him. He could tell that they were doing well on the making up part of the misunderstanding, but he’d just as soon get out of their way and let them finish. Hopefully Eileen would forgive Sam for sucking face with Gabriel, of all people, and they could move on with things. So maybe they weren’t ready to get married yet, big deal. Not everyone needed to charge ahead the way he and Cas were. Not that they were engaged yet either. Yet? Wait, was he really thinking about that?
“Um, yes, I believe so. Hold on.” He held the phone out in front of him and tapped the screen until he got a camera icon, pointed the phone at the kitchen window, and snapped a lovely shot of the oak tree outside. He then sent it to Dean’s number. “Did that work?”
“Oh, why not, Cas, it’s a special occasion, right?” Dean said. “A little Happy Meal now and then won’t hurt.”
“No, no. To unbreak it. Not break it. Whatever getting back to how we were would be.” He tilted his head. “Is… is how we were okay? Are you thinking you want something different?”
“I am going to kick Sam’s ass for you,” Dean said. “And for Eileen, for that matter. Gabriel, I expect this shit out of him; but Sam, I raised him better than this.”
Claire shook her head sadly. “Straight guys could never. You pulled him out of Hell and Alex can’t even get a guy to buy her tampons without whining.”
“Sam,” she said sadly, reaching up to brush the tears that had leaked down his cheeks. “Some things are different, but I’m still the same. I don’t want to stop dating you, but it can’t be… it can’t be like that. Maybe in a few years.”
“The honeybees were very cooperative in allowing me to have some, in gratitude for getting their hive back.” Dean looked at him quizzically. “I, uh. I destroyed the wasps,” Cas clarified. “The honeybees were able to move back in.”
He looked up at her, never breaking his stride for a second. He worked her through it until her legs shook violently and she was gasping for air.
It was Dean who ended up caught off guard, when five minutes later he found Eileen Leahy walking out of the insurance saleslady’s booth with a shiny purple bottle opener.
Sylvia decided that lipstick could wait and that she urgently needed to look at bathroom cleaner three aisles away.
They did little shopping, some supplies for bullet-making, a few packages of astronaut ice cream, and a set of dish towels with bears and moose on them. When they emerged from the store, it was nearly full dark outside.
. He’ll love it on you. You’ve gotta.” Castiel looked skeptical, but he stuck the shirt in the cart.
“I…” He felt the panic growing. Should he tell him now? Just like this, over the phone? What if he didn’t want Cas, the human? Was his angelic nature part of Dean’s love for him? Would it be better to know that now?
“Eh.” She made a wiggle hand motion. “I don’t think we ever would have called it that. I guess that’s not exactly how either of us rolls. For a few years, he came and went. But he always came when I called.”
Claire and Kaia headed up the stairs, toward the sound of the live DJ with the dance remixes. Cas, Dean, and Sam headed into the smaller room to the left. Nineties pop country blared from speakers. The tables and chairs were pushed against the wall, and in the center was a mechanical bull and people were lined up to ride it. Dean made an excited noise and grabbed Cas’s arm.
Cas had been taken away from him three weeks ago, sucked into that unforgiving void. Dean had pushed through the necessity of defeating Chuck, had gotten Sam and himself back home, and since then had gone numbly through, day after day, somehow continuing to exist. It hurt too much to let himself think or feel anything at all.
Dean sighed. “I guess so. I’m still worried about Sam, and I still think you’re wrong, but… I dunno. We should talk about it in the morning. I don’t wanna be pissy with you right now.” He traced a fingertip over Cas’s forearm. “Love you, Cas.”
“Okay, so after this we should work on some other stuff. Maybe lasagna? Snickerdoodles? Carrot cake?”
Dean scowled. “Which one?”
He must’ve finally dozed off, because the next thing he knew he was coughing and his throat hurt and he wasn’t quite sure what was going on and he started to panic that he wasn’t able to breathe correctly. And before he could fully awaken and process this, he felt Cas’s arm behind his back, helping him sit up, and holding a cup up to his lips. “Drink, Dean. Your throat is dry and irritated. You’ll breathe a little easier if you take a sip.”
“Last I knew, we were an occasional hook-up. I offered to stick around more - I thought she wanted more - she says, no no, I don’t wanna keep you from doing your thing. I say, okay - I mean I do have work, duties to attend to, you know. I have a role in the universe and I’m feeling inspired to actually fulfill it, considering how everything is now with the kid and all. But Syl, what about
Castiel chuckled and shook his head. “Gabriel.”
“Live a little, Dean,” Cas said.
“Need more beer in me before I try that again,” Dean proclaimed as they walked away, toward the back of the room where it was dark and less crowded. He put an arm around Cas’s shoulders and pressed a messy kiss to his cheek. Stumbling and awkward, he crowded Cas against the wall and kissed his neck. His fingertips slid up under Cas’s shirt, teasing at the skin of his stomach, and he sucked at the sweaty skin of Cas’s neck. “How about you and me hit the restroom, hmm?”
“Hey, uh. I was just wondering if you would be willing to tell me about the spell you used. The, the angel summoning,” Dean said as they drove back toward the house.
“Take them both,” Sylvia said. “You’ll use them before I ever get around to it.”
“You need to call him.”
He liked to think that he’d been fairly well behaved during his time in Team Free Will. He’d done a few harmless pranks, mostly on Sam for some reason. Maybe because he figured Sam would take it better. Whatever, he wasn’t here to think about why he pranked Sam more often than anyone else. Today, he had an idea that would mess with Dean. It was possibly a little more extreme than his usual silliness, but it was a really, really hilarious idea. He decided to go through with it.
“I don’t know when this started for you, Dean, but I have loved you for nearly twelve years now. I do not think that that is rushing by anyone’s standards.”
“You’re beautiful; you’re always beautiful,” Cas murmured, and kissed the tip of his nose, and Dean thought he would melt on the spot. He very badly wanted to pull Cas into a deeper kiss, but already his lips felt split and bruised and he knew that it would have to wait.
“Go for it, Cas,” Dean wheedled. “I know you can get it all the way up.” Sam glared at Dean, his cheeks flaming red. Dean grinned and reached out to rub Cas’s bicep.
“Let me see,” he demanded, pulling the coat away as the flames died down. Dean’s face was contorted in pain and he was gasping and panting.
After dinner, Sam and Eileen graciously accepted cleanup duty, and Cas and Dean sat in the little alcove in the red leather chairs, sipping whiskey. “This is much nicer now that I can taste it properly,” Cas said.
Later they had another movie night. Sylvia painted her nails while they watched Tangled and The Little Mermaid, and snacked on Thin Mints and hot cocoa. She tried not to think about how much Gabriel would have enjoyed this as well. She’d always tried to keep a spare sleeve of Thin Mints in the freezer for him, and she became more and more despondent as they worked through the last of them. But there was no sense in saving them now.
“So I assume that he dealt that monster his ‘just desserts’.”
Dean was still asleep when he came in. Cas set the things down on the table and knelt on the bed next to him. “Dean?” he said, touching his shoulder gently. He knew well the hazards of waking Dean suddenly. “I brought you coffee.”
“I… so that means that you like me?” Gabriel asked, looking up at Sam’s face. Oh, he was so beautiful, all flushed and kiss-swollen lips and sparkling kaleidoscope eyes, sweet heavens those eyes! “I’ve been really, really stupid.”
Wait, but that couldn’t be right. Cas didn’t sweat. “Cas,” Dean choked out. “C’mre.” The crowd had thinned out around him, now just the one nurse was fussing over his IV bag, and Cas approached Dean’s bedside timidly.
“Cas, you dork! I want a pic of
Cas looked surprised. “If you want me to, certainly.”
“I’m already home,” Cas said softly, slipping his hand into Dean’s.
“If it’s to save your life, I’m sure any of us would,” Sam began. “Even me, but…” Sam trailed off, whatever he was about to say next lost as Castiel surged forward, cupped Dean’s cheeks in his hands, and kissed him. Really, really kissed him. Gabriel could see that Cas had taken the “open mouthed and passionate” thing to heart. There was definitely tongue action. Cas’s fingers threaded through Dean’s ginger locks, steering his head to the side to get in there deeper. He was pressed firmly up against Dean’s body, and Dean had grabbed him around the waist, under the trench coat, and was pulling him in closer. Gabriel’s eyes widened, and he and Sam exchanged a look. And then Sam’s eyes narrowed, and he scrutinized Gabriel with suspicion. Gabriel bit his lip and snapped his fingers. Dean’s hair reverted back to it’s usual color.
The next morning, when they left the motel room, Cas was once again wearing Dean’s coat. He was also wearing Dean’s t-shirt, jeans, underwear, socks, and spare boots. He wore seventeen hickies from Dean on various parts of his body, and the happiest smile Dean had ever seen on him.
And then they were out in the sunny meadow again, and Sam’s face was there too, peering down at him. “I’ve healed the worst of it, but he’s still very bad off,” Cas was saying, the vibration of his voice rumbling through Dean’s body. “We should take him for medical treatment. I don’t think I can-”
“I didn’t know you left the bar,” Dean said, frowning. He exchanged a look with Cas.
Sam wrinkled his nose. “Is there meat in it?”
“I really am sorry. Not cool of me. Ironically, it took your brother to talk me into not being such a dick.”
“Dean!” Cas exclaimed, aghast. He dropped the shotgun and ran toward Dean. Cas whipped his coat off and wrapped it around Dean, smothering the flames.
Castiel felt a chill down his spine. He hadn’t told him. He hadn’t told Dean that he was human now.
“What, because we’re old geezers we have to pack it in early?” Dean snorted. “And we just ran into an old friend. Family, even. Claire, Kaia, meet Gabriel.”
When Sylvia could stand up and look around again, she was relieved to see that the room looked fine - not destroyed, every knick knack and book still in place. Nothing was changed, except for the presence of a crumpled up figure lying on the floor in front of the table.
“Oh, um.” He shrugged.
He stood up as Cas got back to the table and gave him a kiss. Maybe a little too showy, but he needed the whole bar to know exactly whose guy Cas was.
“You taste good,” Cas said. He touched Dean’s cock again with his cool damp fingertip. Traced it around the head.
Finally, on the last syllable, the bowl began to vibrate, nearly shaking itself off the coffee table. The light grew brighter and brighter, and Sylvia instinctively threw her arm up in front of her eyes and ducked behind the sofa. The room was filled with rumbling like thunder, and a high-pitched sound like radio feedback that gradually shifted into a thin, human scream.
“CURRAHEE!” Gabriel exclaimed, sitting bolt upright. He opened his eyes and looked around. “Sylvia! I was having the weirdest dreams.” He rubbed his hands across his face. “Wait, why am I here? … Why are they here?”
Castiel frowned. “No one was on the sofa.”
Sylvia’s part finally came around and she was a pretty decent singer, it turned out. A little more wistfulness in her performance, and by the end of it Dean thought he’d seen the sparkle of tears around her eyes, though she was still smiling and having a great time up there. They handed the mics back to the DJ and she gave Cas a hug, which turned into helping him navigate the steps to get him off the stage without faceplanting. Dean ended the video and immediately sent it to Sam.
“Shall we go inside and tell her?”
Claire was leaned sideways in one of the plastic chairs, as if daring it to break or wobble on her. Her bare feet were in Kaia’s lap, and Kaia was painting her toenails a dark green. Claire was twisting floral wire and fake flowers into flower crowns. The first one she completed, she tossed toward Cas. It landed on his knees, and he scooped it up and placed it on his head.
“Mmm,” said Dean doubtfully, but without any desire to drag out the argument. “Does this count as our first fight?”
“What do you mean, ‘end stages’?” Castiel said. He’d stepped into the room and was looking Dean over, looking into his eyes, at his tonsils, taking his pulse.
“Yeah, it’s.. I like it. That one, uh, might be a little weird in front of other people, but just us, it's kinda nice.” They had arrived at the car, and he popped the trunk and stashed the shopping bag inside, then went to open Cas’s door. That was new too, he never would have opened the door for him before, but the impulse of chivalry toward a romantic partner took over.
“Oho, the Righteous Man himself is going to try to tell me that I’m a good guy too,” Gabriel snarked. “Oh, this is great. Yeah, Dean, guess what. There’s a few differences between you and me.”
“Like falling off a bicycle,” Cas said. “You never forget how.”
“Wow,” Sam said, looking around.
Sam blushed. “Seriously though. I’m really glad you’re alive, Gabe. I… I still think about watching you die and it… it’s one of the things I wake up screaming about.”
“Why were you expecting Gabriel, Sylvia?”
It was only a few minutes into this that Dean began chanting his name, tugging his hair, and writhing around beneath him. And then Dean tensed up and gasped, and Cas’s mouth was suddenly full of hot cum. He swallowed, though a little got up his nose and he choked as he pulled away.
“He won’t think that,” Cas said firmly.
“Nice. Maybe get a little beach house for the week. Watch the sunrise. What do you think Cas?” Silence. “Cas?” A gentle snore was all that answered him. Cas was slumped over sideways, his face smushed into the window glass. “You’re cleaning the drool off that window tomorrow,” he said fondly.
Gabriel sighed patiently. “Yes, Sam. Been in love with you for... ooh, years. Since you tried to stab me outside that diner in Broward County, I think. Which, by the way, don’t think I’ve ever properly apologized for pulling your pigtails that time.”
“Oh, um, yeah. So, Cas. I told Sam.” They arrived in the library and put the last of the things on the table. He glanced at Eileen. “So like, Cas and me are…” he struggled to think of the signs he knew. He couldn’t think of ‘together’ or ‘dating’ or ‘a couple’, and he felt douchey every time he had to make Eileen read his lips because he couldn’t think of a sign. He crossed his arms over his chest. ‘Love’ it is.
The sister and her boyfriend had rushed from the barn to the pond when they saw the commotion. Once Dean made it to shore, they hustled the kid over to their car and got her out of the wet clothes and into dry things. Dean stood there on the shore, dripping and shivering. Sam and Jack were out behind the barn, working on the pyre to deal with the bodies of the werewolves, and Dean knew that he should get changed and go help them.
“I’m good for now. The nurses took me to the can before they let me out.” Dean was absolutely not going to elaborate on that humbling experience. He stretched out on the bed as soon as he was lowered onto it, and Cas sat down at the bottom of the bed and began untying his boots.
“Please no Sunday people.”
Dean had the broom and dustpan and was sweeping up the broken glass in the living room. Castiel was putting a casserole dish on the dining table. The napkin holder and the salt and pepper shakers had been picked up and placed on a side table, even the vase of carnations, though they looked a little worse for the wear. The tablecloth was still twisted sideways and decidedly wrinkled. Castiel had just smoothed it out a little and then set the table. Sylvia covered her mouth and faked a yawn to hide her mortified face.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel said, choking back a sob. “I… I love you too.”
“There you go. Netflix and soup. It’s the newest, hottest date.” The nurse winked at him.
“Sounds good to me,” Sylvia said. “Let’s head down the east end of Main Street. That looks like dive bar territory.”
Dean frowned. “You gonna drive overnight? No sleep?”
“...yeah,” Sam said uncomfortably.
“I wonder where Sam is,” Dean said, nestling his chin on the top of Cas’s head.
When they got back to the Impala, Dean pulled his heavy green jacket from the trunk and gave Cas’s back to him. He grinned as Cas shrugged back into it. “Looks better on you anyway,” he said. He ducked into the driver’s seat and started the car before he could notice the pleased look on Cas’s face, and maybe end up finding a reason to grab his hand after all.
“Mostly the itching,” Dean said. “Gets worse if I scratch it.”
“Dean?” Cas asked, his brow furrowed with worry.
Dean grinned. “You’re the best.”
and being so casual that it’s like we barely care about each other?” He squeezed his eyes shut. “Because that has been hurting. It’s like you don’t want me.”
They laid side by side and traded kisses. Dean slipped his hand into Cas’s boxers and closed his hand around his cock and stroked slowly. Castiel gripped Dean and tried to match his rhythm.
“Cas…” Dean said helplessly. “I wish you’d said. Years ago. Last year. Anytime.”
Sam’s mouth formed a perfect O, and Gabriel scrubbed his hand across his face. “Yeah, that’s what I thought,” Sylvia said acidly as she spun to leave again. Cas gave the pair a final glare as he sprinted off to follow Sylvia.
“Gabriel!” Sylvia exclaimed, crawling over toward him. She touched his chest, felt the rise and fall. “He’s alive. He’s alive. Gabriel, wake up!” she shook his shoulder and tapped his cheeks. “C’mon sugar, wake up.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said gruffly. He started walking again, and Cas fell into step beside him, their fingers brushing together with every step. It was hard to resist the urge to simply grab his hand as they walked along. The thought scared Dean, but it didn’t really surprise him. It wasn’t the first time he’d thought about holding Cas’s hand. But, without a good solid reason to do so, he couldn’t very well just grab it.
“You’re a terrible priest,” Cas said bluntly. “Well perhaps you ought to go hide in the men’s room.”
Dean was surprised to see that one corner of the park, near the playground equipment, contained bouncy castles, and church groups’ tents with kids’ games and crafts. “There’s
Sam seized Gabriel’s abandoned beer and took a long swallow. “Alright. Well, here goes. So last week, I tried to give Eileen a ring…”
“You don’t look right,” Dean said.
Cas stood and let Dean wash him, the rough soapy washcloth and Dean’s hands rubbing every part of him. It was erotic, but even more so it was romantic, being cared for this way. Cas closed his eyes, relaxed into the experience and let Dean savor every part of him.
“No. Not at all.” He reached out to where Gabriel’s hand was resting casually on the table and slid his own underneath it, lightly resting their palms together. Gabriel sighed and brushed his fingertips along Sam’s wrist, sending delightful tingles through Sam. They looked at each other. Nervously, Sam licked his lips. “Gabe, I-”
As soon as he had recovered enough to do so, Cas pulled Dean to his feet, even as Dean was swallowing the last drops. Dean found the toilet paper dispenser and yanked a wad of it to clean his hand off, and they both leaned against the wall, gasping for breath and sweaty. Cas brought his hand to Dean’s face, gently caressing his cheek. “Love you,” he whispered. Typically they’d follow up with a lengthy cuddling session with lots of tender kissing, but it didn’t seem practical in this case.
“You’ll always be my angel.”
“I haven’t discussed my orientation, anything of the sort with anyone,” Cas said. “I have no objection to anyone knowing, I just never felt the need before. It never mattered. At least, I thought so. I thought that since you were the only one I wanted and I could never have you, that it was irrelevant.” He paused. “But I was wrong. I believe I have a lot more thinking to do about that.” He dug a spoonful of ice cream, thick with rainbow sprinkles, and ate it. “What about you, Dean? Have you ever told anyone?”
As the day wore on, Castiel grew increasingly nervous. Sylvia had put daytime soaps on the TV and was curled up on the couch knitting, but she couldn’t even concentrate on that with Castiel’s nervous energy. He had put aside his own project, hands too shaky to make the needles work, and was holding a book, turning back and forth the same two pages, and glancing at his phone.
“I thought I wanted that too, for a while,” she said. “It’s my fault. I guess I led you on because I was confused. Caught up in things. You are pretty great, Sam. The only one that’s ever made me even think… maybe someday.” She smiled and reached up to touch his cheek again, lingering, then brushing over his lips.
“Dean, that’s… I was… very confused. I’m certainly not confused now. She’s a very nice woman, and moreover, she’s quite distraught that my brother is dead.”
get your ass to the bunker. I told you to look out for yourself. She just slid that knife right into you like it was nothing.
‘I prefer the word “trusting”. Less dumb, less ass.’ He put his hand on Dean’s again.
‘Dean,
Cas started slow. He had some semblance of control over himself. Less control than he would have possessed as an angel, but he could be tender with Dean, worshipful, loving. So he tried that for a few minutes. But when Dean tugged his hair and said, ‘Castiel, fuck me,’ his mind switched off, and everything was just heat and sweat and an overwhelming desperation to be deeper inside.
Cas held Dean’s cock, finding the right angle and sinking onto it in increments, fighting to breathe. Dean’s body was rigid, pressed flat to the mattress, but his mouth was parted and wet, bruised and soft and inviting, so Cas put his fingers in it, and Dean’s hips shuddered as he sucked on them, as his hot tongue flickered under the knuckles. A tightening in Cas’s lower back told him to take them out or he would come.
Dean scratches the back of his neck. ‘Yeah, maybe. Had a couple minutes to think it over, and I thought, not a big deal, Cas will know something’s up, he trusts me, I’ll give him a phone, some cash, he’s a million years old, doesn’t need a babysitter. It’ll only be a few days, a week tops.’ He gave a bitter laugh. ‘But here we are. Zeke’s been playing me, or he would’ve healed Sammy by now.’
Dean’s eyes narrowed. ‘Sonofabitch,’ he whispered as he leaned over to kiss Cas, pressing him back into the pillows and taking him by the hips. When Dean climbed on top and shoved him into the bed, kissing and kissing him, sliding hard against him, Cas realised he was hard again too. He gasped into Dean’s mouth.
The intimacy of their conversation, the trust between them, the sense they were working in partnership, that Dean had forgiven Cas his trespasses, and that Cas forgave and understood Dean’s—all of that made Cas ache in a new way, bone-deep, right through his body. He slid his good hand over Dean’s ass, gripping it as the muscles flexed, as they rolled their hips together, Dean’s breath stuttering against his cheek.
Glancing down at the sticky mess, Cas gave a solemn nod. He pushed himself off the bed, his thighs aching, and fetched a threadbare but soft white towel, half soaked in warm water. No more wet wipes, he vowed. This part, when they were so bare to each other, so gentle and intimate with each other, was almost as good as the sex. When they were done, Cas balled up the filthy comforter with the towel and stuck them in the corner of the bathroom. The sheets were starchy but at least that meant they were clean.
‘Won’t that … hurt you?’ The pitch of Dean’s voice was strangely more soprano than contralto.
They were as physically close as they had ever been, except while embracing. Cas called to mind his favourite embrace.
When Dean turned around, his pupils were dilated and he was biting his lower lip. That look in his eyes—they might as well already have been naked in each other’s arms.
The blare of Cas’s phone alarm woke them an hour or so later. Daylight was blazing through the venetians, the room lit in stark pale stripes.
They were lying side by side, sprawled on their backs, sticky and dirty and panting like they’d been running for their lives and made a narrow escape. They were facing each other, their eyes locked. Soon they were both smiling. Dean’s was slightly mischievous, and Cas felt that way too. They had really gone and done it. They’d really gotten away with it.
His fingers found that place again, the prostate, but this time Cas was ready for it, pushing down against it, pleasure so intense it almost hurt, his body clenching with every touch. His chin dropped to his chest as he made desperate, helpless, choked-off noises, then his spine was bending, his head tipped back. ‘Now,’ he commanded. ‘
Not only about Dean, but the angels too. Cas had brought them so much pain. He had made so many mistakes.
Dean still hadn’t stepped back. There was a six-pack of Texan Star beer in the tiny white fridge, which buzzed like a blowfly, and Cas expected Dean to fetch one, perhaps offer up another because Cas could now appreciate it, but Dean didn’t. He swallowed. His neck and ears had turned red, as though he was having an allergic reaction. What if he went into anaphylactic shock? Cas would have to call an ambulance. It was strange how one small biting insult from Dean,
‘One big happy family, with Kevin too. Story of my life, right? I even thought how we’d make up a room for you. And then I thought maybe you wouldn’t need your own room, we’d finally—’
The headboard? There was nothing Cas could do about that.
The pizza helped him see reason. He would never have imagined a pizza that smelt so bad, and no angel would have created it under any circumstances, even Lucifer.
‘Dean—’
Cas shook his head. He actually felt like he was on the brink of starvation, but judging by its smell the pizza surely tasted like burnt plastic.
. Cas had only just started flicking the tiny plastic discs from the polycotton when Dean stopped him.
Dean’s body tensed up. He let go, pulled away and said, ‘Cas, you know, you don’t have to do this.’
‘Zeke saved Sammy’s life, and he was the one who found you—well, he found that bitch reaper. He brought you back too. When she—when she hurt you.’ Dean was still looking away as his voice sharpened. ‘I walked into that room and saw you, so fucking helpless, all bloody, and you hadn’t
Why hadn’t Castiel chosen a female vessel again this time? Dean would have called him by female pronouns, and perhaps he would have gone along with that. Cas could be Cassie, and he might have grown his hair long and silky, and worn a jaunty green hat. Human gender norms were frustratingly rigid considering they were so vague, arbitrary and ephemeral. Dean might have been with him, not Anna, in the back seat of the Impala. Of course, the women whom Dean and Sam knew—especially those comely women they knew in the biblical sense—tended to die, sometimes after betraying the brothers, or at least be discarded. Cas wasn’t sure which option was preferable: having sex with Dean then being cast eternally from the Impala, or living forever without Dean. At least the first option involved the possibility of reconnecting with him in heaven.
‘I get you, Dean.’ Those words were good to hear, more than good, incredible, but of course they didn’t factor every variable into the equation. Cas sucked in a breath. ‘It’s Sam, isn’t it? Sam told you he doesn’t want me there, that I’m bad for—’
Someone knocked at the door. ‘The pizza,’ Dean muttered.
‘Yeah.’ Dean swallowed, gaze averted. ‘Something like that.’
. Cas realised Dean had wanted him then, wanted this then.
Cas stiffened.
He would have to make a life for himself without Dean and Sam. He would have to find some kind of dignity and meaning, the way many humans did, or he would die. He’d told Ephraim that he wanted to live, and this was true, but the thought of dying still brought a troubling comfort, a relief, accompanied by unease: did he have a soul? Could he ever return to heaven, in any form? Would he be swallowed by the Empty even as a human? Questions like this had also been disrupting his sleep, sometimes with nightmares. The fatigue bruised him around the eyes, made him irritable.
He said, ‘I want to fuck you,’ just blurted it out foolishly, and Dean froze.
‘Dean, I nearly killed you in that crypt, and that’s only the latest incident.’ Dean flinched, but Cas pressed on. ‘I can’t do anything to help you now. Sam has just recovered from a near-fatal illness, and I’m a danger to you. I’m useless and a liability. I would understand if he—’
‘Cas, you’ve always got something, okay? Sure, you don’t have all the—’ Dean gestured up and down Cas’s body ‘—the bells and whistles, but you’ve got yourself. The basic, you know,
‘Every smart thing, too. You’ve got a very smart mouth.’
In the gas station Dean had seen the magazine he favoured,
Dean gasped like he did when slapped across the face, the humanity sliding from his expression as he gripped Cas’s waist and shuddered, teeth bared, filling Cas with come until it dripped out, and Cas was clenching because he wanted to keep it inside him, not wanting to be separate again.
When Dean moved to stand between his thighs again, Cas thought it must be to double-check the bandage, but Dean bent down and kissed him.
‘Because he resurrected me.’
Without breaking eye contact with Dean, Cas called Nora, thanked her profusely for the job and her friendship, and told her he was moving back home because an opportunity had come up. As he said that, still meeting Dean’s eyes, he ran a finger down the middle of Dean’s chest, eliciting a shiver. Nora expressed her disappointment to lose him, but wished him all the best. Cas said she was welcome to donate his sleeping-bag to a homeless shelter.
anything except that I want to. You’ve had my consent for years, Dean. Since I became human I’ve been thinking about you all the time, every night, and I just want to—’
Dean grabbed the lube from the bedside table, where Cas had somehow managed to set it down earlier—he had no memory of doing that. Dean was slicking his cock and his fingers, still breathing harshly. There was something frantic in his furrowed expression, his swift motions. Finally Cas understood: Dean wanted this so much he was coming apart, losing control in a way that embarrassed him. This realisation alone brought a moan from the bottom of Cas’s lungs through his parted, swollen-raw lips.
“Really? You don’t…” Dean bit off the rest of his sentence, looking away. He must have been giving Castiel too much credit for being sensitive to his feelings. It was looking more like he just hadn’t bothered to notice there were any feelings to worry over. Better and better.
Castiel had taken the doctor’s warning more seriously than he’d taken his swearing-in ceremony when he’d passed his bar exam.
He clenched his fists tightly, shaking.
Castiel glared sternly. “I do not intend for this to be over inside of fifteen minutes,” he growled. “Lift your legs.”
“That would be funny, I admit,” the Entity said, straightening its blouse and patting errant hairs back into place. “But no, I haven’t lied at all. I even told you quite clearly at the start that this wasn’t going to be easy. Did you honestly think it was going to be as simple as bringing your angel a cup of strong coffee and a good morning kiss?” The Entity pursed Bela’s impeccably painted lips and blew a smug kiss in Dean’s direction. It made Dean’s blood boil.
“Whoa, Benny, easy, just let me handle this—“
Castiel laughed, smiling widely. “Damn right,” he said. “Thank you so much. It’s a lovely surprise.”
Mrs. Tran threw him an enigmatic look. “You think there’s much that goes on in this building that I don’t know about?” she said. “But I’d rather him sleep safely in here than on a couch in the faculty bathroom or somewhere else equally disgusting. Tell him those are your blankets, or else he’ll be stubborn about using them.”
Castiel jumped in immediately to back Dean up. “I was actually just coming over to get you because there’s somebody inside I want you to meet. Sam, good to see you,” he said as he firmly steered his brother in the direction of the door. Dean breathed a sigh of relief; one of the primary goals of their plan had been to prevent any extended contact between their brothers.
“Gentlemen,” a woman’s voice interjected, “perhaps if we put it to a vote…”
Sam shuddered. “You know, I swear Dad got some sort of sadistic pleasure just thinking about how miserable it would be for anybody who tried to break in this way. Ugh. You’re going first.”
Sam kept going, as though Dean hadn’t cut in at all. “You told me that keeping our relationship private made it look like I was ashamed of either her or you. I still say you’re wrong, and that it’s a perfectly healthy choice to nurture a young relationship without exposing it to the opinions and critiques of people outside of it, but the point is that you’re doing the same thing you told me not to do. You’re putting up walls, Dean.”
A sudden voice clearing from the doorway startled them. Dean’s head shot upward, resulting in an unfortunate collision with Castiel’s chin as Castiel ducked his own head. Their consequential groans were of an entirely different timbre than the ones they’d been making only moments before, and Tessa covered her mouth with her hand to hide her smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
man was more than just a magically animated version of the person whose image he’d cultivated in his imagination. He was a living, breathing human, and it wouldn’t be right to entertain
“You sure you don’t want to go knock on the door first? Just see if he’ll let us in?” Sam fidgeted, standing on the road over the land bridge that overlooked Waconda Lake. Directly beneath their feet, if Dean was correct in all his beliefs, Castiel Novak was waiting. If he didn’t know personally, if he hadn’t spent years, on and off, living there himself, he would never have guessed there was anything there at all. Certainly, there was no sign visible from the road that there was an elaborate safe-house built into the earth below.
They glared at each other in silence, chests heaving in frustration. It was the weirdest, most confusing fight Dean could remember, and as his irritation ebbed, it was replaced with an empty sort of disorientation. “So I take it you’d be happy if I called him up right now and told him the truth,” Dean said, trying to rally some of the fire he’d been feeling. It came out sounding a lot weaker than he wanted.
He immediately erased the confession before sending it, then made another attempt.
Dean pulled out one of the new arrivals. It looked interesting, he thought. “So we’re one of the first people to get our hands on this? It’s like a sneak preview?”
Castiel stood quietly and allowed Dean to unzip the sodden jacket he’d been given at the church shelter; numbly shifting the box of food from one hand to the other, he made no protest nor attempt to assist when Dean pushed it off his shoulders so that he could replace it with his own warm flannel, which was only damp. The bleeding from Castiel’s shoulder wound had grown tacky where it had saturated the fabric of his t-shirt and stuck to his skin. Dean hesitated when he noticed it, and whatever peculiar emotion passed across his face had Castiel’s throat tightening in reaction. He swallowed thickly and looked away, unable to handle the strange tension between them.
There. There it was, yet another sign of proof that, whether recorded or not, what Dean was hearing was not a pre-Crisis artifact. This guy had been alive and apparently doing okay at staying that way at least a few months into the mess. Dean bit his lip, conflicted about whether to say anything to anybody again. If nothing else, any broadcasting equipment that had survived the initial wave of looting and madness was maybe worth searching out, even if it was a ghost station.
“It was quite disturbing. They tried to reanimate mummies, and they experimented on Lindbergh’s son’s own pets.” She shuddered; Naomi had always had a soft spot for cats. “They also were proponents of eugenics, and they experimented on rats and mice to find ways to enhance the strengths of the strongest and allow the weak to be eliminated. Eventually, Lindbergh did come to his senses and turn his back on all that, but Carrel ended up with a Nobel prize, and his work paved the way for the development of organ transplants.”
“You know what, I don’t need to be told what I’m capable of doing.” The combination of Dean’s indignation, his unexpected fatigue, and the goddamn spot on his right leg that was making him want to drive an actual
“Fair point,” Dean conceded. “But I’ve done crazy shit before, and this could actually be worth it. Castiel, what if we could find something that really explained how all this started, what happened to turn regular human beings into flesh-eating monsters? What if there’s formulas, and documentation, and we could study it all and maybe even figure out how to make it stop spreading? Whatever your dad gave you, whatever he was trying to give your mom and himself before it was too late—think about it. If Sam and I and all the other Runners had that kind of protection, or if we could figure out how to make it safe for wider use, we could finally get ahead of this thing instead of running around putting out little fires all the time.”
“Anyway, it’s not as though there’s much point to it now, or that I ever had the slightest inclination toward letting my family have a vote on who I chose to share my life with, but, well…” Grimacing, Castiel unzipped a first aid kit to peer inside critically, then tossed it to the side. “Going along with this now will let them feel satisfied, with a minimum of effort on our part. It’s just a camping trip, away from distractions so they can get to know you better as my mate. You don’t mind too much, do you?”
The bright sun was extinguish'd, and the stars
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said, a little flustered himself, not to mention warmed by the gesture. He imagined it: Dean sitting beside him through the night, keeping watch over him as he rested, caring for him in any way he could. It was a little overwhelming.
Moments ago, Dean had gasped himself awake, wincing at the latest injury that still tingled and burned dreadfully under his shirts, and found himself once again lying in the darkness beside an unconscious Castiel. This time, Castiel was curled in on himself slightly, knees drawn up as he lay on his side. Dean hadn’t been awake to see him change positions, but he could easily note how Castiel was obviously now sleeping more restlessly, even now. His lips were pressed tightly together and pushing outward fretfully, and his eyes were clearly rolling and twitching behind their lids as Dean watched. While at least those were all signs that something was happening as a result of all this dream-hopping, having to watch Castiel in the meantime go from peacefully still to visibly unsettled didn’t sit well with Dean at all.
Trial and error it was, then. Luckily, for varying definitions of the concept, that little buzzing sound was actually louder where he was standing than they had been upstairs. Dean started systematically throwing the breakers one at a time, listening intently for the culprit that would cause the buzzing to stop.
“I don’t suppose you’ve managed to make contact with this guy?” Sam asked doubtfully. “Let him know we’re coming, so he’ll open the main door?”
“Well, speaking of that,” Dean started, trying his best to sound less demanding, “I wanted to request permission and support in finding someone. Not someone missing from before,” he quickly added, seeing her immediate negative reaction. “This is somebody I
Then nothing. It had been hours, and the biggest change they’d detected was that Dean had started shaking slightly, on and off, in a manner that had Sam’s nerves jangling. The jagged slash that had mysteriously manifested across Dean’s cheekbone, the smaller cuts that had popped up all over his wrist and hand…Billie wouldn’t explain why they were appearing, except to remark that “cuts and scrapes are the least of Dean’s worries.” Castiel hadn’t so much as twitched.
“So I don’t want to alarm you guys or anything, but I’m pretty sure the major knows you’re, ah, AWOL,” she said with a nervous giggle. “Kevin was going around looking for you, Dean, apparently. He said she sent him to get you, and when he couldn’t find you right away, she said to get Sam, and, well…” Dean could almost see her, tapping her foot anxiously as she tried to stay calm. “I can see you again now, and I hope you can hear me, though I guess I won’t know for sure until it doesn’t matter anymore. But, um, you might want to hurry. I mean, if you can. Hah. No idea how you people run like you do…”
When Amelia had given them the directions to the campsite, in case the two vehicles got separated on the road, Dean had assumed that “state park” meant that they’d be camping in a fairly populated area, tamed of the rougher edges of nature. Instead, he saw the asphalt road narrow to a single lane, then turn to gravel, and finally begin to disappear under grass overgrowth before Jimmy’s station wagon came into view, parked at the edge of a treeline. A tiny single-track path heading into the deeper woods was just visible beyond it.
“A zombie apocalypse changes a person,” he’d said, attempting to lighten the mood, but it was quite true. Castiel tried to release any preconceived notions as he prepared for their reunion.
“Ow,” Dean complained. It looked as though when the dream had pulled him inside, his unconscious body had fallen forward and landed face-first on the black ground. His nose throbbed as he pushed himself up on his hands, eyes squeezed shut against the pain and the sudden shift from artificial brightness to the dark of the surrounding nothingness. “That sucked, but points for not killing me, so we’ll call it square as soon as we get back home.”
meant was that it would take another angel to do it, or perhaps Death herself. No, I just have my doubts about you specifically, Dean.”
“So that’s a no,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “Okay, fine, but this thing literally popped up out of nowhere, and I’m pretty sure Purgatory didn’t institute a welcome basket policy. If you didn’t make it or summon it here, then…”
“Let’s say he met me. I’m absolutely not saying I like the idea of deceiving people, but…unfortunately, the simplest solution to everything right now might be to keep up the act, if you think he’d buy me as your boyfriend, and to tell him that I’ve got some experience with home remodeling and have been helping you a great deal with your own project. That wouldn’t be completely inaccurate, and there would at least be a little more honesty in the whole mess than there currently is.”
Slipping his fingers under the waistband, he slowly drew down Dean’s pants and briefs in one go. His skin was salty from the sweat of the day’s exertions, but Castiel had always found something sensually pleasing about the tastes and smells associated with physical exertion. With absolutely no preamble, he ran his tongue along Dean’s already hardening cock, root to tip, before sucking the head between his lips.
Sam chuckled, and they stooped to lift the shelves and carry them the rest of the way to Sam’s waiting truck.
“Zephyr knocked over my tower!” piped a tiny voice directly into his ear. Castiel jerked backward in surprise, barely managing to avoid stumbling over a pile of books strewn over the floor. He spun to locate the owner of the voice, but the tiny pink blur was already flitting over his shoulder toward a slightly smaller ball of lavender brilliance.
“You’re probably right. Accelerated or not, the guy’s transcript definitely read ‘procrastinating,’ not ‘enthusiastic.’” Charlie bent over her work, and the two of them were quiet for a few moments. Dean wondered if she was dropping the subject, like he should. Then she broke the silence with a satisfied huff, switching tools. “But you want to find out for sure whether there’s somebody out there who really needs help, right?” she said over her shoulder, not looking at his face and therefore missing anything incriminating that might have been showing. “Obviously, or else you wouldn’t have come to my Fortress of Solitude. You’d have waited to spill it all over dinner or something, so I wouldn’t enlist you as my handmaiden. I know the way you work, Winchester.”
“Ah. You may tell him that the feeling is entirely mutual,” Castiel said, his words a pleased rumble of contentment.
Grumbling in irritation about little brothers and their ability to mess with one’s head, Dean bent to his work again.
Just as he’d started to really argue with himself about whether or not “up there” necessarily had to mean the highest floor of this place, especially when he didn’t even know whether this was the sort of structure that actually had a “top” or was something more Escher-based, a noise broke through his speculations. It was a low moaning, barely audible, and Dean paused in his tracks to listen. It took a few moments for him to be certain it wasn’t mechanical or anything like that, and a few more to decide that the noise was coming from a side corridor just beyond where he stood.
Claire, too, was unimpressed by her mother’s inaccurate statement. Her eyebrows met in the middle of her creased forehead, and her breathing picked up as her lips trembled. Jimmy, sensing the coming explosion, closed his eyes and took a deep breath of his own.
“Think she might already know,” drawled Krissy from the end of the table. “She was in the comms shack with Kevin this evening, when he was in my ear for my patrol. She was just asking him something about some network stuff, and all of a sudden she squealed so loud it damn near popped my eardrum.” Krissy was among the newest Runners, but she was already fitting right in, despite the fact that, in Dean’s unbiased opinion, she made him feel way too old. She winked at him, knowing what he was thinking, and took an enormous bite of a roll.
I should mention here that a good chunk of Dean's travails with his new house have been "ripped from the headlines," except that by "headlines," I mean personal experience. Good God, the house we had before this one. I've never seen a look on an electrician's face like the one I saw when ours discovered that plugging in his power tools would cause our ceiling fan to start turning lazily. I could write a book on that place. Instead, I've written this, and it was extremely cathartic.
“I’ve given up on trying to guess when you two are joking or not,” Bobby now answered Sam. “Ever since the goat thing.”
and teach him the real meaning of having something ‘shoved in his face.’”
Dean’s water bottle had cracked when he’d fallen, so he couldn’t use it to collect drinking water to treat with the purifying tablets. When the urge became too strong to suppress, he tried to drink the water anyway, scooping some out with his hands. After all, he was already sick, so maybe it was worth the risk. It didn’t matter in the end; after a few gulps, his stomach violently rebelled, expelling the small amount he’d managed to consume.
The speaker crackled in Dean’s ear again, louder than before. He grimaced, jiggling it a little. “Think my headset’s going on the fritz again,” he muttered, hoping it wasn’t damage that he’d done tripping over that old bike hidden in the knee-high grass a couple miles back. The major would have his head if it was, no matter how many bags of supplies he managed to bring in. He really was good at the job, but whenever he and Sam trotted back in after a mission, anyone who saw them had no trouble concluding that, of the two of them, Dean was definitely the one to “find” the hidden bikes, or the leaf-covered tree stumps, or the camouflaged remains of things too long dead to be identifiable. The evidence was there in his torn trousers or the scrapes and bruises on his skin.
if you want to talk more about it!
thing he wanted. Fuck, what if that was all Castiel wanted from him?
The thing about their particular region of pre-Crisis Kansas was that before everything fell, it was mostly farm country: flat, sparsely populated, and without much in the way of forestry. Since large-scale farming hit its abrupt end, nature had definitely made progress in reclaiming the land, but it was still about as dull as a bag of hammers. The sunrise might have been pretty, all streaky oranges and golds, but the land it lit up wasn’t really worth appreciating, in Dean’s opinion.
The animals at the veterinary center on base were left unattended in their kennels when the zombies attacked and killed the vets, with unfortunate results. A soldier looks through a window and is horrified, but we only see his reaction, not any description of what he sees specifically.
“You’re kidding me,” he growled. At first glance, it appeared that not a single one of the dozens of breakers were labeled. At second glance, he found that many of them
“Oh, I’m the one who’s distracting, am I?” Dean countered with disbelief. “Far as I can see, all I did was walk through the door. Barely walked, at that, seeing as I was mostly dragged.”
“Is that one wearing overalls?” Dean asked. “Hey, group of four zombies, one of them a girl, one in overalls who’s kind of skinny like a scarecrow…quick, see if the others look like a lion and a tin man!”
“Oh, wow, this could be nice,” Gabriel said when he was standing in the front room, gazing around speculatively. “The walls need to be replastered and painted something other than baby-shit green, and that chair rail is a crime against good taste. Is that even real wood? Of course, the carpet would probably have been better used for rolling up and hiding a body than laying on a floor, even when it was new. But otherwise, yeah, nice.”
Now, if Dean had wanted to be truly honest, this would have been a good time to mention that he was at least moderately acquainted with small power tools. Dad had kept a tiny workshop in the garage when Dean and Sam were boys, and, okay, there might not have been a whole lot of major home repairing going on, but he’d built a handful of birdhouses, some simple shelves, and even a passable chair. Cutting a short, straight line under close supervision was nothing.
horse,” Dean went on, cheeks burning even hotter. He was being an idiot, he knew that, but now it was a matter of pride. A sleek black horse stood near the middle of the group, cropping grass; taking the dark shine of its coat, so reminiscent of his old beloved Chevy, as a sign, he pointed at it. “I’ll take that one.”
The corner of the sleeping bag was tugged down slightly, and one shadowed eye glared balefully through the gap. “You’re misrepresenting the facts,” Castiel muttered in a rough voice.
house. That concept was still going to take some time to sink in before it would stop feeling surreal.)
“Nah, I’m peachy,” Dean said cheerfully, the low growl of his voice vibrating against Castiel’s temple where it pressed against Dean’s collarbone. “‘Sides, how could I not come check this out? Charlie was swinging by the bar to say hey when she got the text about all this, and when she said it was you and a bunch of feral rugrats, I had to see it for myself, so I tagged along.”
“Oh, sure. I’m much more confident about crawling through one built by him and some other, totally unknown conspiracy theorist.” Moving around the room, Sam carefully tapped his foot across the ground, listening. After a few minutes of tapping, one tap landed with a slightly hollow thud. “Got it.”
Dean leaned against a wall and scowled at the ceiling. They were back to this again. “Sam, I’m a mechanical engineer.”
Or at least he hoped he could.
at her, like you couldn’t believe she was real.” Dean screwed up his face, ready to protest that he wasn’t some douchebag in a cheesy Lifetime romance flick, but Sam cut him off. “Twice, Dean. Two separate times during our first dinner with him, I tried to ask you a question, and you didn’t even hear me because you were too busy making heart-eyes at him.”
Lifting his face to press a kiss onto Dean’s cheekbone, Castiel hummed. “Your
How am I going to get through the rest of the year working with that…that pretentious, half-witted
(See the end of the chapter for
Words called in sharp Enochian grew louder as Dean’s pursuers came closer to where he hid. A bit hysterically, Dean felt like he could almost translate the language by tone alone. Somebody right outside the door shouted something that, based on the plots of countless action movies, he just knew had to mean, “He went this way!”
A summary of the pertinent findings of the enclosed report follows:
“Nope, his.” Charlie winked, waving her screwdriver. “Cross-referenced for easy reading. His college transcripts, included in his Officer Candidate School records and evaluations. Master’s Degree in engineering, which he got through an accelerated program in five years. Decent grades, but mostly because he had a bunch of arts classes to help with his overall GPA. And his volunteer work was almost all music—playing songs and singing to sick kids in the hospital, that kind of thing.”
How utterly ludicrous, that he could forget this, of all things. But, then, it was no longer a fresh thing, and until today, he’d not really entertained the idea of having to explain or thought about what he might say.
Realizing he was backed into a corner, Dean swallowed his protests. “Understood, Major. I see what you mean, and I’ll definitely remember that in the future. Right now, though, I need to tell you that this guy is somewhere in the area, alone and apparently unaware that there are any living souls besides him anywhere around. And, uh, if it helps your decision, he’s also apparently sitting on some pretty sweet tech, so we should…go after him?”
“Yes, but more than that. I imagined you, built you into something more than a two-dimensional image. Your written words, your clothing…the texture of your blankets and the slight wear that the oils in your fingers had left on the body of your guitar. I didn’t know your name, but I knew
“Perhaps it was the way in which exercise was presented to Dean when you were younger,” Castiel replied. He pulled his hand away from Dean’s thigh so he could sign, but he nestled more closely against Dean before continuing. Dean felt the loss of the heat of his palm like an ache. “Some coaches and gym teachers don’t bother to make exercise into much more than torture, or something through which to suffer for a grade or artificially constructed social standing. I’ve always felt that it’s rather unfair to hold someone accountable for opinions formed under those sorts of conditions, rather than allowing them the latitude to change their mind after new experiences and exposure to other perspectives. Don’t you agree?”
Claire narrowed her eyes and smirked at him. “Yet,” she added sarcastically.
“You’re covered in dirt,” Castiel finally noticed. “Were you preparing the ground for gardening, Dean?” His eyes widened as he took in the fresh earth that had been turned.
an inane corner of Dean’s brain pointed out) and his hips pushed closer to Dean’s. His fingers were looped through Dean’s belt loops, holding him in place in a way that was completely unnecessary. Dean had zero plans to be anywhere else, after all.
“You and me both,” muttered Dean, but Castiel didn’t give him long to pout, sliding downward along his body. He released Dean’s hands with a stern look of warning that had Dean keeping them obediently in place, and then he placed his own hands on the waistband of Dean’s track pants. Wanting to be sure, he looked back up and raised his eyebrows in silent question. “Oh, don’t you dare stop now,
Cursing, Dean pounded down the hall in the opposite direction, hearing shouts and rushing footsteps behind him. His mind was racing as fast as his legs, hoping wildly that these other angels in Castiel’s dream were just placeholder figures who didn’t actually have real mojo of their own. Seeing one door slightly ajar down a side corridor, he lunged through it, then ducked into the shadow behind the door.
he thought to himself, glaring at the chair where she’d been sitting. The ghost was good at her job, without question, and her service had actually improved since the unfortunate incident with the bookmobile that had ended her life, if not her career. Unfortunately, she definitely tended to take advantage of her noncorporeal nature when it came to avoiding unpleasant tasks.
“You’re not the only one. But there was a lot of craziness that night, and I think a lot of folks probably thought they saw things they didn’t really see, or they remembered things in ways that didn’t actually happen. Panic can do that.” He rubbed his eyes, then took a breath. “Major Novak…that’s Naomi Novak.”
“Call yourself names again, and it’ll be me doing the smacking, even without a copay,” Castiel murmured. He delicately prodded at the edges of the cut. With the blood washing away from it, Dean could see that there wasn’t actually a terrifically long wound; it looked as though the blade had skipped, creating two separate gashes of about a half-inch each that were connected by a nasty, jagged scratch. When the water was turned off, it immediately began to bleed again. “Clean towels?” Castiel asked, and Dean nodded toward his bedroom, where he had a basket of clean stuff fresh from the laundromat.
“No, he isn’t,” she answered, turning her head toward where Dean’s body was lying. Following her gaze, Sam saw that his brother had begun to twitch once more, his breaths coming more rapidly. Billie frowned consideringly as she moved to run her fingers through Dean’s shorter locks. “But he’s dreaming anyway. Or…sort of. There’s something slightly off about it, but I can’t quite put my finger on what.” With one last pass through Dean’s hair, she turned back toward Castiel and studied him with narrowed eyes. Whatever theory she was contemplating, she was obviously not yet ready to divulge the details.
“You’re supposed to get to the portal now,” Castiel said, clinging to what he was sure he knew.
This was incredible. Castiel had been somewhat confused, after thinking about it, that Naomi hadn’t come by to see him while he was still in the clinic. If their positions had been reversed, he was sure that he would have refused to leave his sister’s side, overcome with joy that she had been found alive. Naomi had never been the most emotionally demonstrative of siblings, but surely these were extraordinary circumstances.
“I need you to go to Leavenworth,” Dad said, moving quickly behind his desk and retrieving a dark green duffel bag. “It is imperative that this bag reach Doctor Thomas Benton. The contents are highly confidential, and you will not entrust this to any of his staff or to any other officer who says they will take it to Benton for you. Do you understand me?”
“I know that. Doesn’t mean I don’t remember them when I try to close my eyes, wonder where I could have done something different. And the others after them, too, and there’ll be more. Hell, Castiel, you could have been number fifteen, either because I didn’t find you in time, or because I didn’t manage to get you back here safe.” The sight of Castiel falling from the saddle had made his heart seize in his chest, and it hadn’t really beat easier until Tessa had reassured him multiple times that no permanent harm had been done.
“It’s really not anymore, you know,” Castiel said, winking as he adjusted himself ostentatiously. “Not a shack, I mean. Take a look around: the disgusting carpet is gone, the crumbling plaster has been repaired, and all the utility systems are up to code and working well. Just putting new fronts and hardware on your kitchen cabinets made a huge difference in that room, before we even put in the new fridge and range.”
time would be the last and that he could finally just take a breath and take stock and try to figure out how to make the best of things, it turned out that, no, it still wasn’t going to be enough.
There was no answer at all, naturally, any more than there had been for the last ten minutes that Dean had been shouting into the darkness. Apparently, the Entity was either uninterested or was watching from a distance. Either way, it was just Dean and Castiel’s unconscious body,, surrounded by implacable nothingness.
The men were talking now, mumbling to each other from the office.
"Are you even listening to me?" Dean raged, nearly nose to nose with Sam. He'd barely spoken a word the rest of the way back to camp, rushing ahead of Sam and making his brother struggle to keep up with him for perhaps the first time in their adult lives. Sam had grown more and more anxious with each mile, demanding that Dean tell him what the hell was happening and threatening not to take another step until he knew what had sent Dean to his knees, pale and almost choking for breath with his eyes as huge as dinner plates. Sam had just started to frantically search the ground around them for a hidden crawling zom when Dean had staggered back to his feet and took off, stumbling as he ran back toward home.
Sitting back on her heels, Claire lifted the purple bottle that hung around her neck on an embroidered strap. When she shook it, there was a sound of quiet sloshing. “Yes,” she affirmed.
“Yep,” Dean grunted, straining to to keep his grip on the heavy pipes Charlie was working to join together. His palms slipped and he hissed.
“Well, I figure we got two big hurdles,” Dean said, plunging right into the thoughts that he’d spent the run sorting through. “First, Waconda Lake is a good thirty-mile run if we’re lucky and don’t have to dodge any packs of zoms. We could take a Jeep…”
okay,” he mumbled faintly, falling backward onto his ass once more and letting the knife fall limply from his hand. “That can
at hiding your own feelings, I knew it wasn’t that you were uninterested. You can imagine my frustration.” In illustration, he slipped his hands under the hem of Dean’s shirt in the back and raked his nails along the flesh. At the same time, he applied his teeth to the thick muscle along the crook of Dean’s neck and shoulder.
“This way!” he shouted, the larger windows down one hallway feeling familiar. They ran, firing and trying not to stumble, making a sharp turn at the end of the hall as  Castiel spotted a waiting area where he remembered thumbing through magazines impatiently. “Here!” The once fancy wooden doorway to the office areas of the higher-level staff members hadn’t been destroyed, and they pushed through, shoving a desk against it on the other side.
honest…” Dean chuckled quietly, and Castiel shook his head in mock scolding. “...and I truly count you as a friend. After this project wraps up, I would be disappointed if I didn’t have the opportunity to spend time with you in the future. And I won’t be able to do that if your brother murders you.”
the punishments I’ve been inflicting on myself.”
“Here,” said Dean, shuffling hastily backward on his knees to paw for the flashlight he’d left propped along the wall. Castiel took it and, aiming the beam at an angle into the hole, lowered his upper body to press one side of his face to the wood so he could see as far into the depths as possible. A moment passed in breathless silence, and then Castiel drew in a quick, sharp breath and threw himself away from the gap.
Dean hummed in appreciation. “It is perfect, isn’t it?” he said, just before a yawn cracked his jaw. Exhaustion and contentment were dragging his eyelids down, and he halfheartedly tried to hook his toes in the sheets crumpled at their feet, attempting to pull them up over their legs.
“Anything else in there?” Dean called from the other side of the room, where he was rummaging through a closet that was mostly packed with hymnals and bulletins.
Every time he thought he’d compromised enough, every time he took a step away from what he really wanted, hoping that maybe
In fact, it had been Gad, the company’s chief plumber, who’d made that discovery a few days before. Dean had heard the shout from across the house, and he’d booked it toward the sound as quickly as he could run, fearing that someone had been hurt. He found Gad kneeling on the floor, stunned into near speechlessness as he gestured toward the drain stack in horror. When he could finally speak, all he said, over and over for several minutes, was, “What were they
“Yeah, okay. I’ll try.” Dean drained his beer with a long gulp. “Can sharing and caring time be over now?”
“No, I do,” Castiel said. “Dean, in my lowest moments, when I was surrounded by nothing but ghosts and despair, and part of me just knew it would be so easy to just throw open that door and finally join them, like I should have done in the beginning—” Dean’s hand tightened around Castiel’s jaw as he flinched “—there was nothing that truly helped, except that I had you there with me.”
“I could,” Dean said, nodding. “Then again, my back would probably never forgive me. Not as young as I used to be, you know? I’m already waking up stiff every morning.” This time, the twitch around Castiel’s lips was much more pronounced, and Dean realized belatedly how he’d walked right into that. He hung his head, laughing at himself as he blushed. “You know what I meant.”
Unamused, Sam pursed his lips. “I just think we should probably avoid getting stuck in that,” he said, pointing at the sky toward the southwest, where large gray clouds were beginning to mass.
” Bobby retorted. “I love the goat cheese, even if it does smell like old socks. And as soon as we manage to get a good enough size herd out of the group, I’m going to love the hell out of some goat stew. But the goats themselves are the stinkiest, orneriest bunch of stubborn cusses I’ve ever seen.”
book to our shortlist just because it has the longest holds list in your system!” Castiel spat.
Conversation drifted idly, covering rumors and stories anybody had heard about happenings in the world outside. New Lebanon wasn’t the only little island of civilization struggling to survive in a world overrun by the undead, though contact between them ranged from strained but courteous to openly hostile. Mostly what there was was speculation. Someone had heard from someone else who had a cousin up in Hastings Settlement, who was sure the Canadians had managed to build up a force of Mounties again, bringing down hordes on horseback. Another woman had seen a helicopter flying overhead from the south, sporting colors that didn’t look like US military. One guy reported having witnessed Major Novak actually, unbelievably, wearing something close to a smile when she’d arrived back at camp the night before, just choppered in from her most recent briefing at Offutt, which had to mean that the Powers That Be had found a way to put the country back together again.
“No, don’t do that,” Dean said sharply.
“You’re not really that anxious, are you?” Castiel asked, sounding more thoughtful. He reached across the seats to rest a hand bracingly on Dean’s arm. “I promise, it’s going to be fine. When we walk in there, Sam won’t see anything except the brother whom he loves and the adoring boyfriend who’s proud to be by his side. It’ll be as simple as that.”
The men moved out of the doorway, wandering cautiously through the bunker, and the way they ignored the rest of the bunker provisions made it crystal clear that they were actively searching for him.
Ah, shit. His collar hadn’t been quite high enough to cover it, after all. “I read someplace that you’re supposed to try hanging a piece of newsprint by your monitor. Take a moment to pull your eyes away from the screen and focus on that every once in a while. Gotta take care of your eyes now or you’ll wind up in bifocals before you’re forty.”
“Two more,” he said, looking back toward the table. Leaving the smaller box for last, he grabbed one that looked like a decorative basket with a floral-patterned cloth covering tied around the top with a delicate ribbon. Probably something from one of the older women on the college staff. Dean untied the ribbon, then pulled the cloth aside.
“Well, aren’t you a tease after all,” he drawled with a wink as he leaned back again on the crate. “What if I had wanted to use some of these boards to whip up a quick spanking bench or something?”
Behind him in his room, a guitar riff blared from his cell phone, signaling a text message. Before he could even turn around, it played again. And again. “What the hell,” he mumbled, heading for his desk where it sat.
, and deciding whether he’d forgive her or punch her in the face was the least of Dean’s current concerns. Castiel had dreamed himself into Naomi’s hands, and Dean didn’t want to leave him there another minute, even if the whole thing was just a memory replaying itself in Castiel’s unconscious mind.
“I think that may have been the most moving version of that song that I’ve ever heard,” he commented once he was finished. “Seriously, Dean, where did that come from? You never cease to amaze.”
It seemed a lifetime until his body hit the ground with a bone-jarring thud that knocked him senseless. Later, he’d tremble at how close he must have come to being trampled by the terrified horse, or to snapping his neck in the fall, but all he could do in that moment was try to remember how to breathe. The sky was wheeling in dizzying circles around him, and he felt close to vomiting.
Castiel nodded, looking as though he didn’t really believe but didn’t care enough to argue. ”So I couldn’t get near the base, but I couldn’t go back, either, and the way things were going, I wound up hiding out at the community college, just to stay out of sight. They didn’t have campus housing, and I suppose nobody immediately thinks about looting classrooms in a civil emergency, so I wound up staying there about a week. Good thing they’d just stocked the vending machine in the basement of the music building.”
offered his brain, slowly trying to come back online. “Did he just fall, or did he get—”
Castiel threw up his hands. “I’ll do the videos with you,” he begged. “Just help me? Please? You have a good singing voice, and if we work together, it won’t look nearly so ridiculous as if I attempt this on my own.”
Mouth open to argue, Dean paused and closed it, thoughts temporarily derailed. “Clowder?” he finally repeated.
“Time…” Dean repeated in a haze. “When the sun goes down. No, I don’t want…I can’t stay here in the dark. I have to…”
“So…is that…an easy fix?” he asked, afraid to hear the answer. Castiel started laughing harder, though Dean couldn’t tell whether it was at the situation or just at him, personally. “Fuck,” he said, too defeated to protest. Making a fist, he thumped the wall over the sink, then did it again, harder, because it felt appropriate. With the second thump, the medicine cabinet on the wall shifted a fraction, and Dean had a frightening vision of it falling with a crash into the sink, sending shards of broken mirror everywhere. Not that his luck could get much worse, but he made a grab to catch it anyway. Castiel, seeing the movement, hastily scooted backward out of the potential danger zone.
“Hey, do you like pizza?”
“What?” Feeling confused, Castiel pulled his phone back out of his pocket, where it hadn’t stopped vibrating; the lock screen was a mass of messages from college friends, from army colleagues, and alerts from various news and social media applications.
In the distance, Dean was starting to hear faint noises of approaching footsteps and murmuring voices. If it came down to a fight, with Castiel sitting there looking poleaxed and him with just a handful of foot-long needles for weapons, Dean didn’t like their odds of success.
Catching his breath, feeling his heart race with the sudden surge of unexpected emotions that had swept through him, Dean suddenly noticed that Naomi’s face had paled. Her eyes were wide, and her mouth had dropped open slightly. He wondered if he’d really gone and crossed the line; maybe shouting at an officer was the sort of thing that got you thrown into whatever makeshift jail they might now need to construct.
“Yeah, they’re not bad,” he answered. “You certainly seemed to hit it off with them. How much of all that was you making up stuff, though?”
Dean managed to lose himself for more than an hour in the business of helping Hannah feed new wires down through the walls toward the places they needed to go. Initially, Hannah had been very reluctant to involve Dean in the work, since overeager home buyers often liked to try jumping into projects about which they had no idea, but once he convinced her that, at least in this area, he actually did know what he was talking about, she was glad to have the extra hands. Running these wires was the simple part, anyway. These particular circuits were the ones that seemed to have been installed by professionals, not unhinged DIYers.
The moment he spoke, Dean had a sudden flash of Sam asking Castiel to do his bathroom, followed by the unravelling of the lie about Castiel’s actual profession if Sam kept pressing. Dean wouldn’t put it past Gabriel to poke his nose in if he suspected Castiel was branching out on the side.
In his ear, the woman was blathering on about legal precautions and protocol, none of which Castiel gave two simmering shits about just then. “Just call as soon as you can tell us anything more,” he snapped, cutting her off once more before hanging up. He didn’t quite slam the receiver into the cradle, but he came close enough that the librarian sitting nearby raised an eyebrow at him.
“I’m sure it will,” Castiel affirmed. “I have to admit, though, that I’ve enjoyed at least one aspect of our enforced solitude. I’ve had you all to myself, storytime parents aside. I’ll miss that.”
Later that night, Castiel had Dean laid out on his stomach on the bed so that he could gently apply the prescribed ointment to Dean’s thigh before rewrapping it. Dean closed his eyes, distracting himself from the process. It didn’t hurt much anymore, per se, but it definitely felt strange, and he didn’t like thinking about it. “Still feel dumb,” he mumbled into his arm. “I’m not supposed to think like that, but I should have known better. I had just told Amelia the day before, when we were at the lake, about how you’re so not the overprotective type. Then I went and assumed the exact opposite, when all you were trying to do was express legit concerns.”
“I think I’ve got to admit it at this point, write it down on paper, or else I’m never going to be able to really accept it. Dad’s not coming back. He died when Mom did, even if he was still walking and talking and faking it for as long as he could. Sam can say what he wants, about Dad just being on a bender somewhere or needing to find himself or whatever. There was no note, which is proof enough, since he’s never once taken off without at least giving us a general trajectory, in case we needed him. I knew all I needed to when I saw that. Finding their wedding rings today, tucked inside the cover of Grandad’s old Bible, was just confirmation.
“And whatever stupid plan you came up with, it’s a plan that has you wearing the sexy blazer. You only wear that one when you have a hot date or you’re trying to sweet talk Mrs. Tran into giving you first dibs on holiday potluck treats. These days, it’s pretty much just the second scenario, but I’m not aware of any potluck goings-on.” She grinned almost ferally. “So…date. Two plus two equals four in most controlled laboratory settings; ergo, you have a date with someone who’s agreed to be your fake boyfriend for the night.”
but whatever this one-sided connection was, it was doing strange things inside Dean with every hearing. When the guy was happy, Dean felt warmth in his own chest and a smile on his lips. When the guy was nostalgic, Dean wanted to pour him a drink and let him talk until the memories stopped aching. When the guy grew morose, it was almost painful not to be able to wrap his arms around him, pull him close, and do or say anything he could to soothe and encourage him.
Castiel nodded slowly. “All right,” he said. His eyes flitted about the room, examining everything critically as he considered. “Ordinarily, I’d start with the home’s exterior, but as it’s too dark to see much of anything, we’ll have to leave that for later. In the meantime, I can look at the structure from inside the house.”
“Cher, you can handle every part of whatever the hell this is. Even bloodsuckers like me have their limits, and this is miles past mine.”
“Seriously, couldn’t Frank have gotten you to do that some other run?” he grumbled at Dean.
You have to know how crazy that sounds, all on its own.”
Shit. “If I have splinters in my backside, Cas, you’re helping me pick them out,” Dean warned. He couldn’t wipe the smile from his face, though.
At the first floor, Castiel paused, a sudden bad feeling in his stomach. The door was propped open slightly, and the sound of agitated groaning was almost as loud as it had been on the third floor. “Dean,” he said, overwhelmed beyond the point of explaining. Whatever was on his face must have said enough, though, because Dean stopped too, leaning his ear toward the door.
“Yeah, you know. Man…panties. Manties.” Dean huffed, folding his arms. “And in case anyone didn’t get the joke, there were pictures. Happy little cartoon dudes in lace panties, just letting it all hang out.”
There wasn’t even a breeze behind him to indicate anything had changed, but when Dean heard Castiel gasp loudly before hastily stumbling backward through leaves that crunched under his feet, he breathed a sigh of relief before turning to see their new arrival.
“Physical trainer, hah,” Eileen said, gasping for air and wiping her eyes. “You guys are perfect for each other.”
“Okay, first, you are the furthest thing from ordinary,” Dean said, bending forward to brush Castiel’s lips with his own. Castiel sighed into the kiss, protesting a little when Dean sat back up, but Dean kept him from chasing after another with a gentle but firm hand against his chest. “Second, don’t write off Charlie yet. She’s like a pit bull with things like this, and she’s not close to waving a white flag. Sam’s over there now with coffee for her, since he knows better than to try to get her to take a break before she’s good and ready.”
Nothing about this made any logical sense. But, then, Dean was getting pretty used to a world that made no sense, he supposed.
“Mmm, sounds great,” Dean said with unconvincing enthusiasm, torn between his solid respect for his sister-in-law and his urge to make one of his usual jabs about the disgusting amount of health food consumed at their home. “I already grabbed a quick dinner on campus, though.”
From his perch on top of the low filing cabinet on the other side of the tiny grad student office, Dean glared. “You know, I’m still not sure that I really needed a graduate assistant in the first place.”
AUTHORITY NND693591
Any thoughts on who it might have been, Dean?”
Meg laughed lightly. “Oh, you know me, Professor. I know better than to get involved in my boss’s personal life.” At Dean’s incredulous noise and accusingly pointed finger, she just laughed harder and harder, until finally Mrs. Tran left her desk in the Dean’s office and stomped down the hall to see what the noise was all about.
“It’s live,” interrupted Dean. The technical explanation was going over his head, but this much, at least, he knew for certain. “He mentioned today that he thought it was September, and that it was the second fall since everything went to hell. Oh, and, also, that probably means he’s at least in an area kind of near us, or at least with the same climate. If he was in, say, Australia, it’d be starting spring, not fall.”
“Yeah, and she stole my shoe.”
“Dean?” he asked, unable to keep his voice from trembling. The trees were starting to vanish, too, but Dean’s wonderful, trustworthy face stayed solid. “Dean, is that really…”
this moment, everything about this day. It happened before, but it didn’t happen like this. I don’t know how we’re here, going through this all over again. Please, Dean. Tell me why this is happening.”
“It’s the same principle,” Sam said calmly. He turned to watch the horses some more, practically making heart eyes at them. Any one of them would probably be capable of biting his hand clean off his wrist, but he looked like he was already considering putting their manes into little braids. “I saw a bunch of saddles and things in the barn. They were obviously used to being ridden.”
“That’s true of almost everyone. Take Dean, I mean. Dean, you always look happier after a good workout, and it bleeds into everything else you do.” He patted Dean’s forearm, which lay on the table between them, and for a moment, Dean forgot that they were pretending.
but…well.
“No, don’t worry about that. I promise, I’m already over it. I mean, he seemed to be riding you harder than he was me, if you want to split hairs.” Castiel looked like he wanted to argue, but he just nodded and looked away, still unhappy. “Seriously, Cas. This is not about your brother. I’m just kind of in a bad mood for…personal reasons.”
How could he have messed up so badly?
“I guess.” Sam might have the details wrong, but the gist was probably still accurate. Castiel was far from the kind of people Dean had dated or slept with in the past—mostly other college folks, people he met professionally, or else the kind of men and women who were on the prowl for a good time with no strings attached. With Castiel, he wanted all the strings, and he was pretty sure that Castiel did, too.
nothing human could do this—who hadn’t dragged Mom to the floor threw himself at Dad, and for a moment, Castiel fully expected Dad to demonstrate exactly why, even at fifty-two years old, he still intimidated the hell out of most of the junior officers in PT. That thought only lasted a heartbeat, though, before the thing had Dad on the ground and…
Dean wished he could lose himself in the lie as thoroughly as Castiel had. He knew he wouldn’t be taking Castiel dancing, either with a bunch of senior citizens or by themselves in a more intimate setting. He could easily imagine holding Castiel close in his arms, walking him through the foxtrot and waltz, but imagining it was all he was ever going to get to do. He’d never get the chance to have his feet stomped on by this man, laughing as they fumbled the dance steps. He’d never get to have…
“What was true?” Sam looked hurt, and Eileen tried to stop laughing but failed, her face turning red with it.
“I never talked to your brother about my ‘intentions,’” Castiel said, rolling his eyes. “We never had any combined gatherings, letting your family get to know mine ahead of our mating.”
grieving. It never stops.”
The third reason on his list made Dean’s stomach twist for a whole bundle of reasons. Not only would Castiel’s departure signal the end of Dean’s romantic chances with him, but it would be the loss of a friend. No matter whether Castiel said that he wanted to keep spending time with Dean after the job was over; the odds were pretty high that, lacking the shared commonality of Dean’s home renovations, Castiel would quickly come to the conclusion that he and Dean were just too different to maintain a friendship. Seriously, the guy ran marathons for fun. What was Dean but a math nerd with a cool car and a well-honed ability to hide behind a cocky mask?
Even as he winced at the thought of more needles, Dean couldn’t deny the delicious thrill that ran through him at that promise.
“Working to do what, though?” Dean took another sniff. It was no less potent than the first. “Is it even legal?”
Bacon, fried eggs. Toast with butter.
. A bright handheld light was coming closer to Castiel’s eye, and he keened, a high-pitched noise that echoed through the woods, and strained against implacable bonds.
Naomi’s frown deepened. “Except that you wouldn’t actually know if you weren’t hearing the handler. What you might have construed as silence between instructions could have been an important warning that you wouldn’t have
“My cousin is a florist,” Ruby supplied. “This is a scarlet hibiscus. I promise, Dr. Winchester, once it starts blooming, it looks nothing like weed. It’s just a really pretty red flower. You know, one that happens…happens to start out looking like…”
“Whether I was looking for assistance or not, I wouldn’t be looking for
“Well, I’m surprised,” Balthazar said. “I remember when the great Party Animal Winchester had no problem staying up all night for days on end in search of a good time. How the mighty do go grey at the temples.”
“You think your dad was playing Mad Scientist with his own kid?” Dean said, stunned by the thought.
“It has a
Dean rolled out of the bed, shivering slightly before he got his robe snugly wrapped around his shoulders. The robe was certainly seeing more use than usual, since he and Castiel had been housebound, isolating themselves and waiting out the nasty virus. First the library had closed, sending Castiel home; then the garage had cut hours and gone to servicing emergency cases only. The bar had been closed next, cut to takeout orders only, by government order, and finally both Bobby and Ellen had told Dean to just stay home completely. They’d reassured him that his job would still be there when he came back, that he was family, and family took care of each other, so he wasn’t
The first available service slot was only a couple of days later, but it felt like a lifetime. Dean, pacing nervously as he waited, checked his watch for what must have been the twentieth time since arriving back at the house that evening. (
“We know,” Sam replied, turning his head to frown slightly at Claire when she started to make questioning noises. “But now that we’re this side of Limestone, it’s pretty cleared, so we can make better time, I think.” Dean choked on an incredulous reaction. Maybe the path was more clear of obstructions, but it was also steadily uphill. Then again, Sam had legs up to his freaking chin, so “hills” were a relative measure.
“No,” both Sam and Billie said in firm unison. When Sam glanced back at Billie, startled, she rolled her eyes at him.
Above the text was a photo of a large brick modern house, surrounded by an artfully glowing nimbus, obviously meant to evoke thoughts of halos. Besides that, the company’s logo itself incorporated a tiny set of wings sprouting from the sides of the name. All things taken as a package, it was apparent that subtlety had been weighed against humor and come up short.
“Why won’t anyone listen to me?” he begged, but it was like talking to a horde of zombies, single-mindedly focused on getting him out the door. “What about you, Dad? Why can’t you take him the bag, if it’s so important?”
Castiel’s jaw hit the floor. “What the
“I mean, I’ve still got a lot I want to do,” he protested. “Like…I need to hang curtains or blinds or something, or I’ll be flashing my neighbors every time I take a shower. And furniture, of course. My apartment was mostly furnished, and what I bought myself wouldn’t be enough to fill one of the rooms in this place. I don’t even own a decent dinner table.”
“Yeah, we do,” Ranger Lafitte said. “Garth should be reaching your camp right now with his trackers, so your mate can give them something to sniff.”
Unsure what had prompted the criticism, Dean blinked. “He seems to do pretty well,” he said, feeling a bit defensive on Sam’s behalf. “I mean, he doesn’t keep stats of how many relationships succeed or fail under his watch, or if he does, he doesn’t share them with me, but he’s managed to get a pretty healthy practice going. At the rate he’s going, he might even be able to convince Eileen to get him that dog he wants by Christmas.”
Castiel’s baleful stare was turned upon Dean. “Do not encourage him, please! And, for the love of God, please stop looking around in there. I’m sure the layers get progressively worse the further you go down.” Gabriel, looking like Christmas had come early, opened his mouth, but Castiel whirled, finger leveled at his face. “No,” he snapped, and Gabriel relented, grinning hugely.
Well. Maybe he could wait a few more weeks. Chicago in the winter could be lovely, and there was definitely something to be said for ambiance. With more energy than he’d felt in months, Castiel pulled out his phone as he strode to his desk, opening a browser to search for jewelers.
“Trying not to.” Unsuccessfully trying, admittedly.
“I’m not giving up yet,” Dean promised. “But this time, you gotta try to come back with me. This can’t be like Purgatory Part Two, you hear? We both leave together, or I’m going to wrap myself around your subconscious and not let go until you come along. You wanna sleep, we’ve got beds back in the bunker. Now, let’s do this.”
“Well, he does play a mean ‘Bad Moon Rising,’” Dean tried to joke, but it fell flat in the face of Sam’s knowing stare. “No, it wasn’t just that. I just felt…” He trailed off, the right words eluding him. “It sounds cheesy to say ‘a connection,’ but that’s about the only way I can think to describe it. And before you say it, I know. I don’t even know this guy. He has no idea I, or anyone else on earth, even exists right now.”
and knowing you, I knew that you would never give up like that, and that you would never forgive me for giving up, either.”
“Whoa, whoa, Cas,” Dean said in a much softer tone than before, voice full of concern, and his hands were right there, steadying Castiel by his upper arms. That was strange; Castiel hadn’t even noticed himself begin to stagger in place. “Christ, Cas, you’re an ice cube. Here, put this on; it’s drier than yours, anyway.”
