Also, this is the chapter in which Alejandro is my gay twin because we have the same dad. Not very creative, I know, but the story is too 'good' (in an awful sense) to not have used it. Like Alejandro, I am fine, though.
Oh, take me back to the night we met
“Looks like you’re not the only pie-crazy person here anymore.”
him now. Hell, he’d rarely done that with women, and this whole thing with guys - one guy - was still way too fresh to even be thinking of something other than a casual thing. But casual didn’t mean there could be no repeats.
“Yeah, maybe you should,” Alejandro agreed, not quite having gone back to his previous sitting position, his arm almost brushing against Dean’s, and that was both nice and… strange somehow. It made him feel self-conscious, and something more he couldn’t quite pinpoint - something between longing and guilt, between wrongness and comfort.
“Ah, hello there. I was just about to clean up for the night. Anything I can do for you? I’m afraid I could only offer a small snack or a cup of coffee.”
now. Back at the bunker, they’ve started to digitalize the whole library. So any kind of lore she and Miguel can’t get their hands on, we might be able to help.”
“I think I can hold out a few more minutes,” Cas replied, now looking more awake, eyes taking in the sight of Dean’s face, a subtle but visibly dreamy smile on his lips.
Alejandro sank back onto the bed, again propped up on one elbow, and Dean sat next to him, legs outstretched and back leaning against the headboard.
Maybe I went a little overboard (ha) with the water metaphors here, but what can I say, I love water and the ocean. And I also love what Dean is trying out here in the chapter. Couldn't let him stay at the sea without at least doing that once.
Dean took a deep breath and decided to down the shot first, not bothering with the salt or the lemon this time. “Yeah, you see… I’m-- ah. I’m bi.” It was the first time he had ever said it, and Dean couldn’t deny that it was frightening. His heart seemed to thump all the way up to his throat, but he also felt strangely liberated, as if saying it, out loud in front of another person - one that he was interested in, for that matter - made him finally, fully and truly accept and embrace that part of himself.
“Well,” he concluded with a small wave of his hand, leaving that previous statement in the open. “I’m here. I’m alive. My
“Um…” Dean scratched the back of his neck as he came a few steps closer, avoiding Cas’ gaze for the moment. He had sat there on the couch and played his guitar several times, but, oddly, with a slightly bigger audience - who were busy with other things, too - it had felt easier, and he’d been less self-conscious about it.
Dean shrugged. “Sure, why not. What did you have in mind? Strip poker?”
The alternative was to head north-west, see where the road would take him, up to New Mexico and Arizona. Quite suddenly, he remembered Cesar and Jesse, who lived in New Mexico, or at least had intended to do so. Maybe, adding a few more days to his trip, just to wind down and be alone with his thoughts, was the right thing for him to do.
“Yeah, there are some dunes just a bit up the beach, and you can rent quads there. Alejandro told me.”
Alejandro, next to him, must have sensed something. He briefly placed his hand at the small of Dean’s back and lifted his bottle to toast to him, giving him a smile. Unlike the three couples in the group, they were not holding hands or kissing or exchanging any other gestures of affection because they were
We all worry about you and miss you. I know things sometimes can feel a lot more hostile when you only have written words to go by, but I truly believe what happened that day that made you leave was a huge misunderstanding. We'd all be delighted if you came back, and I'm sure any of us who rubbed you the wrong way are absolutely willing to talk it out. I'd definitely be, if I was one of them. So please give it some thought and reach out to me or any of us. <3
a couple. That, too, felt odd in a way that added to the general sense of otherness Dean was feeling. It wasn’t like he wanted them to be a couple - he was perfectly content with their friends with benefits arrangement - but part of him… well, part of him felt something he could not shake.
His brother gave him a short, rather thin smile and sat down on his chair, feet in the sand, and turned towards Dean. “Uh, yeah. And-- What’s that?” He had just noticed the t-shirt on the foot of his chair.
Strangely, it was relief that Dean felt at that first and foremost. That odd, tight, and uneasy feeling was still there in the pit of his stomach, but maybe it had more to do with last night than anything else. He could still enjoy a few days in the sun, forget reality for a while and enjoy the company of the guy who had, undeniably, become a friend to him. One that, despite
“Yes,” Cas got out at last, voice hoarse.
“Well, let’s just say you have two equally extraordinary talents there,” Alejandro said with a suggestive smirk before he took another bite.
It was the last thing he said for a long while, not fighting the tears that were building in his eyes but breathing through them as calmly as he could. It still hurt, and despite all his elated feelings earlier, it was predominantly that old heaviness he felt now. Strangely, however, it felt comforting, too. Like the depth of his grief made everything they’d had more tangible, and significant. If he never let himself mourn Cas properly, then what would’ve been the point of them? And what, if Dean didn’t try to find solace in his memories and a prospect for his future, had been the point of Cas sacrificing himself to save Dean?
“So, how about some music?” Alejandro asked. “I mean… other than the background noise. What are you into?”
Dean made a waving motion with his hand. “Not many, no, and I picked up most of them on TV. I can say hello and goodbye and order a beer, and that’s about as far as my Spanish skills go.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Me too. But there’s nothing I can do about it.”
He heard the sounds of the door being opened and quickly ran a hand over his eyes, just to make sure there was no trace of tears left in them.
“I’m coming, I’m coming!” Dean heard someone call back from the side room, and Patty finally went back into the kitchen, not without heaving a rather dramatic sigh and giving Dean an amused eye roll before she left.
The ranch house itself was exactly what Dean had expected. Simple but nice, probably close to a hundred years old but thoroughly refurbished. It had a light wood facade and a big front porch, framed by a simple but well-kept front yard. There was a bigger patio at the back of the house, leading onto a lush green lawn with a big, brick-built grill, and the interior was a mix of light and cozy, old and modern.
“Uh, same old, same old,” he said nonchalantly, knowing that this was farthest from the truth. “How are you and Jesse? Did you actually get around to breeding horses and running a ranch?”
,’ Dean wrote back as he listened to the coffee slowly dripping through the machine.
“I pulled a muscle in my back,” he felt like having to explain.
So Dean just drove around the narrow country roads, taking turns whenever he thought an area looked particularly nice, and cruised on with no direction. He stopped to have lunch or take pictures and stretch his legs, and eventually, he reached the hillier parts, some peaks covered in snow visible in the distance.
“Yeah, uh, That. I appreciate it, Sammy, but doesn’t mean I’m gonna live out my, uh...
“Oh, you’re doing quite well making a friend here, you know?” Alejandro said, a smile on his face that indicated a change of mood, one that Dean knew how to read by now and that made him smile as well.
Bingo.
Before that could happen, however, they still had to get out of their clothes, and Dean was grateful that Alejandro had taken it upon himself to open the buttons of Dean’s shirt, slowly, one by one. He’d probably have ripped a few ones off if he had done it himself.
Last chapter before the epilogue. Now I'm really curious what you think of this one ;-) Please let me know!
Cas was human.
Now Cas and Dean were alone in the big room, and Dean suddenly felt strangely… well, shy.
He hadn’t heard or seen Alejandro approaching with the sounds of the waves and breeze being louder than his barefooted steps in the sand could have been. As Dean turned to look at him, he saw him carrying a big glass with a pinkish milkshake, elaborately decorated with fresh fruits and a green umbrella. Alejandro set it down next to Sam’s avocado abomination, but Dean’s thoughts were still stuck on the man’s offer. He didn’t really know what to say.
“Uhh... it can have multiple meanings,” he said, watching the angel-turned-human, now boyfriend of Dean, sit down at the library table opposite him. Reluctantly, he added, “A little context?"
It really wasn’t Dean’s preferred style of music, but there was something about the tune that moved him in a way he would very much have preferred not experiencing. The words he could now understand touched something in him, reaching him on a purely emotional level long before he could even grasp what it was that he was thinking or feeling.
“I don’t know, Sammy. I… maybe. I don’t know.”
“Okay, you caught me. But old-fashioned isn’t bad.”
Luisa laughed softly and opened the hoodie completely, sitting up straight and pulling down the hem of the t-shirt to let him look at the print. “It is kind of.”
It hit Dean then. Sam was not just worried about leaving him behind, abandoning his brother to lead his own life, he’d actually miss Dean, too. And maybe this, a proper vacation with no monsters to hunt, could be the best way to say goodbye to that era of their lives.
“I didn’t
,” Dean replied huffily, but in the same breath wondered if he was. It had been a long, long time since he’d been with anyone. He’d practically lived like a monk these past few years, and although part of him had always known why, that was another can of worms he didn’t want to, or rather wasn’t ready to open.
He didn’t need to finish for Dean to know who he was talking about, and Dean was grateful that Sam hadn’t mentioned the name, though Cas was on his mind already anyway. “What did he say?”
right about him? He’d just never find out now, and the thought bothered him more than he would even have thought.
“I know. And before I get back to that whole thing with Lucifer’s son being… God now? I-- no, actually, let’s start right there. Was there another God before that? And what happened to him?”
“True. But then you’re not getting any money for it. So… my treat. And give me another one while you’re at it.”
designed by a higher force. Something he had chosen without even knowing it. Because Cas had chosen it first, and all Dean could have done was to follow him. To let himself be pulled into Cas’ gravity, to fall into this deep connection and devotion that he had tried to define as brotherhood, as friendship, but that had, undeniably, been so much more than just that.
There were still a few new things Dean had not tried yet, and as he let his mouth travel lower watching Alejandro watching him, lips parted around small, sighed breaths, he knew what he wanted to do. The thought made his heartbeat speed up with sudden intensity, and he smiled against the skin of Alejandro’s lower abdomen, giddy with excitement and a tiny bit nervous.
And so he did. Fist wrapped tightly around Alejandro’s dick, Dean let it move in rhythm with his thrusts, doing with his hand what he knew he liked best himself. His reward was a louder, drawn-out moan coming from Alejandro now, who pressed his eyes shut with obvious pleasure. He met Dean’s thrusts eagerly, pulling him in even deeper with the grip of his legs.
“Damn well, you should have, Cas,” Dean interrupted him with more vehemence in his tone now, slightly accusing, and Cas wondered if he had misunderstood after all. If Dean had never really gotten what he had meant that night and needed the full truth now - a truth which might repulse him. Which would end their friendship after all. Cas felt something burn in his eyes, something throb in his chest as fear gripped him.
“Hm, mostly okay, I guess. I mean, he wasn’t thrilled or anything. He just mostly ignored it. But my dad had other flaws I kinda struggled with for a while.”
Dean just lay there, basking in the afterglow, one arm drawn up, hand at the back of his neck. The sound of music came from the bar; somehow, it sounded louder tonight than the previous ones, and Dean briefly wondered whether that was deliberate. He was sure they hadn’t been very quiet.
This is not the last time Dean's drinking habits get addressed in this fic either. No spoilers, but it's going to be a topic that will remain present.
, even. But I bet it wasn’t all that, most of the time?”
Alejandro shrugged softly, pushing himself up to a sitting position, his hand now running down Dean’s arm and reaching for his fingers to intertwine them. It was weird how that touch alone sent shivers down Dean’s spine as well.
He almost reconsidered the sentiment the very next morning. Dean came into the kitchen, walking a little more bow-legged than usual, and hid the minuscule wince as he sat down behind a wide, shit-eating grin. “Must’ve pulled a muscle.”
“Come on, cowboy. Let’s ride home.”
Cas moved his head forward a little, brows going up again, actually prompting Sam to finish that sentence.
He hadn’t meant to let his thoughts drift into this territory, but he also couldn’t prevent it from happening, not after last night’s conversation. He was angry, though he tried not to be, not wanting his mood to somehow affect his horse - didn’t people always say how horses seemed to have a sixth sense for that? But, dammit, there were so many things he wished he could tell his dad now, making him see how wrong he had been with so many things.
I hope you enjoy this one. Please let me know your thoughts :-)
Dean shrugged at that, grinning as he saw Alejandro’s brows go up a bit. “I’d say it exceeded my expectations.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean had to laugh at that. “Yeah, no, maybe another time,” he said, though he was mildly intrigued, “For now, I’m cool with Seth McFarlane and Charlize Theron… especially Charlize.” He gave Alejandro an apologetic shrug.
It was meant as a joke, though there was still the tiniest trace of embarrassment in him thinking back to the beginning of last night. There had been a time when no negative thoughts would have gotten in the way of
,” Maria said, but Alejandro looked over his shoulder to the bar and the beach before he turned back, releasing a small sigh.
Hey guys, another chapter with Allan and a little detail I've been planning for a while (no, Beast, not
“Hmm, doesn’t seem like you’re a lot like him in those last two aspects,” Dean said and was pleased to see a slightly wider smile on Alejandro’s lips at that.
“Maybe an English song next?” Gerardo suggested when the second song had ended. He gave Dean a small smile, lifting his beer bottle to toast him over the fire.
“Great, I’ll text you the address,” Cesar said, before they ended the call.
Many of you have expressed what they expect to happen, or would like to happen in future chapters. Some of it may have been close to what it is, other ideas weren't. I do hope that you will continue to enjoy this fic, even if some expectations aren't met. Without spoilers, what was important to me in this fic was for Dean to go on a journey where he can get better, learn how to deal with his issues, face his grief and get to a point where he'd be ready to start a new, better life that is just his own. He's not there yet (and of course he won't be there 100% after just a few weeks or months after the plot of season 15), but eventually, he will see the silver lining more clearly.
When the other man spread his legs a little wider, pulling one knee up towards his chest, Dean breathed in deeply through his nose and bit his lip for a moment to contain himself. So this was really happening, and very soon - hardly soon enough, because,
Thinking back to all this now, he could feel something prickling in his eyes again. However, there was also a rage sizzling in the pit of his stomach that was only partially drowned out by the sense of – no, the
“Oh, yes, she has two, and only one is rented out at the moment. So no problem. Enjoy your swim.”
He also still had to think about Cas a lot, even if he tried not to because that would always lead to too much drinking, too much pondering about the what-ifs and could-have-beens. And that led to guilt because it had been his actions to piss Billie off, to make her want to kill him and, ultimately, they caused Cas’ death. Whenever he got to this point, Dean felt sick. It was like something inside his chest, something heavy and painful and nauseating, was spreading and cutting off his air and all ability to focus on anything good. It was his fault that Cas was dead, ultimately and undeniably so, and he didn’t know how he could live with that.
It took a moment before Dean could see that Alejandro was typing, and the heavy feeling in his gut intensified. It wasn’t just guilt, Dean realized as he sat there in the dim-lit room with its unpleasant brown and orange tones and just the sounds of cars passing by on the highway in the distance. After having spent four weeks with Alejandro, and a lifetime - except for few, rather short periods - in the company of his brother, he now felt incredibly lonely. Like he had nowhere to go, no place he truly belonged anymore.
,’ she replied and sent an emoji of a horse and one of a smiley face with a cowboy hat.‘
Dean didn’t know how long he’d been laying there, too exhausted to cry, to think, or to feel. He was just barely aware of the warm, furry body snuggled up to him and the softly wheezing sound of Miracle’s breathing as he finally drifted to sleep.
“But if Death is… dead,” Alejandro started to ask, crooking his head a little, “what happens when people die? Can they-- I mean, yeah, obviously. People
“You’re not gonna disappear on us, are you?” Dean had to make sure.
Cas looked up at him, his brow somewhat furrowed as his hands ran over his front as if he wasn’t sure what he was feeling. “I… yes. I’m okay. I’ll explain everything later, but now I think those two want to be returned to their homes.”
“Yeah, I do,” he said after a brief pause, pursing his lips in thought, trying to think of something outrageous, surreal and awesome he could share. He smirked. “Like the one time I killed Hitler.”
“Well, I can’t blame you. You know, I’m really happily and confidently fully gay, but I could maybe make an exception for her.”
to you both,” hoping they understood his intention and got the message.
Dean very briefly indulged the possibility that he had messed up the dates as people sometimes did on holidays, and it wasn’t, in fact, Sunday yet but still Saturday. But sadly, he came to no such conclusion.
On Thursday, Pedro, the guy who occasionally helped out at the bar, too, agreed to take the day shift, and Alejandro was free the whole day to spend it with Dean. The temperatures had picked up again, the sun blazing down with only a mild breeze bringing a bit of cooler air.
“I know. I do,” Jack replied, and it seemed that the godly warmth Cas had had felt around him before now seeped right through him. For once, it was he who felt like he was cared for. He felt secure, comforted and truly happy, and he did not want to let go of that feeling.
Dean considered going back home then, and every logical argument he could bring up for it told him it was the most sensible choice. Somewhere in his gut, however, Dean still did not feel like he actually wanted to, or even should, and he could not exactly explain why. Again, he had that strange feeling, almost as if the longer he stayed away, the more
“Dean.”
The kindness in those words, in his tone, made Dean lose some of his resolve. He felt tears form in his eyes and pressed them shut, releasing a small huffed-out chuckle that was both helpless and grateful. “Just… give me a moment. And… tell your friends something that doesn’t sound like I just had a freaking mental breakdown?” The words hardly came out as self-deprecating as he’d wanted them to.
“Always?” Dean asked incredulously, taking his own plate and following Sam to the table. He suddenly didn’t have much of an appetite anymore.
“Okay then. Deal,” Dean nodded, and yes, the game turned out to be fun and easy enough to learn within the first round. He managed to win the third, and they both decided to leave it at that, deciding they should go for another swim.
“So what were those other parties and enemies?” Alejandro asked. “I’m really curious.”
“This isn’t-- I don’t know what’s going on,” he ground out, “This usually doesn’t happen to me. I don’t have problems with--”
“Beach life suits you,” Alejandro added, running his hand through Dean’s hair once more, a little more tenderly as he came closer. The tip of his tongue ran along his bottom lip, and he regarded Dean with a glance that was definitely flattering.
There was no point in wondering about anything now, though. That moment was gone, the chance had passed, and what was left was only loss.
If you are interested, please leave me your info in this
“Yeah. Who would’ve thought I’d lose my virginity twice in my life?” he tried to cover up the mild insecurity he felt at the question with a joke, only then realizing what it could imply. “I mean…” He didn’t quite know how to say it coherently.
In the warmer months, Dean learned, the two made some additional money by accommodating hikers or guests who came for some trail riding. Their primary source of income, however, came from buying horses and reselling them, once broken and raised, and breeding a few of their own.
“Do you want to get some souvenirs?” Alejandro said, now having come back from the other window, probably not having found anything he could get for his mom.
“I’m sorry buddy,” he said, voice croaky and weak, as the tears were still running down his face. Miracle decided he was going to try to lick them away. Dean made a face at that, and surprisingly, a small chuckle came out. But it didn’t help much, didn’t stop that heavy, pulling feeling in his chest that made him think he couldn’t breathe properly. It didn’t stop the awareness that Cas really was dead from trickling in deeper and deeper.
From the water’s edge, he could already see Sam having just gotten there, putting his own towel on a beach chair next to Dean’s. The bar had also been opened, which meant they could get refreshments. It was still way too early for beer, but he could do with an ice-cold soda soon.
And the epilogue. I changed the rating because of a few paragraphs in this one. It might still be okay as a hard T, but I'm sure you all don't mind an M either.
It hit him then, much later that night, as he still mulled over that thought in his head, that he had done so many things in his life almost as if his father was looking over his shoulder, even long after the man had been dead. That facade had cracked, here and there; Sam knew Dean occasionally watched chick-flicks and silly soap operas, and many other things he probably wouldn’t have admitted to enjoying in younger years. It had been exhausting to always hide and suppress stuff he actually wanted to like, and sometimes his enthusiasm simply had been bigger than his shame. Still, he had spent so many years living this way, that Dean sometimes didn’t even truly
Boy, was he ready. Dean opened the bottle of lube again and coated himself with the clear, slightly sticky liquid before he got between Alejandro’s legs and positioned himself. Yet, despite all his impatience and need to finally be in him, Dean paused there, looking down at the other man’s face, and waited for a final confirmation.
Alejandro had suggested they’d go to the Dunas Doradas to find somewhere secluded, away from prying eyes, and Dean had agreed readily. They had packed up some snacks and drinks, beach towels, and one of those ridiculous pop-up tents, which Alejandro had insisted on bringing because they may want some shade once in a while. And, yeah, after lying in the blistering heat for about an hour after their first swim, Dean had to agree that it had been a sensible idea.
And man, was he happy. Two years, and he still felt like the luckiest guy on the planet. A guy who, now, could already feel the effects that kissing Cas had on his body. His jeans were a bit too tight all of the sudden, and his breath was coming faster over his lips between the kisses they shared - still somewhat slow but becoming deeper and deeper with each passing moment. They should probably wake Miracle and kick him out.
“Well, I’m glad you have the experience,” he said, handing Dean another wipe to clean his hands. “Even if it wasn’t with men. But, you know, experience isn’t everything. I’ve had guys who fucked everything from here to Guatemala and still focused more on their own pleasure than mine. So, this… that’s something. And I’m sure you’ll make many women and men very happy in the future.” He patted Dean’s stomach lightly as he got up, took the dirty wipes, and disappeared into the bathroom.
Dean laughed at that, feeling his cheeks heat up around his grin just a little. “Well, thank you.”
Claire replied.
to imagine, but there those images fucking were - was riding Cas like Larry the mechanical bull just went. Way. Too. Fucking. Far.
Dean woke up and stretched, blinking his eyes open with a big yawn coming over his lips. There was light in the room, the sound of the pages of a book turning, and the soft wheezing snores of a dog.
help - even if not in detail, but just sharing the memories, acknowledging that Cas had existed - Dean thought at some point, but pushed the thought away again instantly. He didn’t know where to even start. It remained there with him, though, somewhere in the back of his mind, pushing at the walls Dean had built around it. And so, as the credits rolled, the words more automatically than consciously came over his lips.
“You know what? That pain’s not gonna go away, right?” he told his brother, and it almost felt like he was talking more to himself than Sam, “But if we don’t keep living then all that sacrifice is gonna be for nothing.”
“I didn’t say that,” he said as the first, very recognizable blues-rock-typical notes sounded through the speaker.
“Yeah, no,” Sam laughed softly.
He had meant it when he had said he appreciated his brother’s support, he really did, and if Sam had tried to set him up with a woman - which he had done before - Dean would not have minded in the slightest. But this, this was still very new to him, and it just still felt awkward and embarrassing, even though, objectively, there was nothing to feel embarrassed about.
he was saying, and Dean was not taking the bait.
from, things he had never fully processed, but so many of them lay years in the past now, and he saw no point in hashing them up. And the more recent ones… There was a vague sense in him, somewhere deep in the back of his mind, that, maybe, those things were still very raw, gnawing at the mental bandaid that barely held them within, but he just couldn’t go there. Didn’t
“Oh, no, no,” Dean immediately got up, his heart suddenly racing in his chest, and he quickly picked up the army green jacket. Any hilarity and lightness he had felt just a moment ago had vanished.
The other man stepped back, though, lifted his hands in surrender, but the concerned look didn’t disappear. If anything, it only became stronger, and it made Dean feel bad for it, feel like he owed him an explanation of sorts. Just something that wasn’t a complete lie.
“Well, Sam’s one lucky son of a bitch, isn’t he?” Dean asked with a smirk as he had turned back to look at Eileen, so she could read his lips. She laughed softly, shrugging and letting her eyes drift up for a second.
Also, can I just say how I love Dean even more for liking sharks (he was talking about Shark Week and shark facts to Sam once)? Being a shark enthusiast myself. Damn, the parallels between me and Dean could fill a book. ^^
My tumblr is leandra-winchester
Later that night, long after he and Sam had gone to a really good steakhouse for dinner and had watched another movie on Sam’s laptop, when the lights were out and he lay in bed, alone with the soft sounds of Sam’s even breathing and the waves outside their balcony door, Dean felt guilty. Guilty for whatever benign version of flirting that had been earlier, guilty for enjoying Alejandro’s company, and guilty for allowing himself to wonder, to think of the lines of muscle on his flat abdomen when he had shown Dean the tattoo, guilty for liking the way he’d smiled and given Dean attention. He knew it was irrational; he had never promised anything to-- To Cas, and he could not let himself even think about what he would have promised, had he been given the opportunity, had he - they - been given the time.
Cas felt like he could not breathe at hearing those words. His chest was bursting with emotion. He wanted to hug Jack, but he was unsure if he could. Jack was God now, after all, and even though the rule wasn’t written anywhere, he thought he could not presume to still treat him like his son. So he forced the emotions down to stay focused and pragmatic. “What about the Empty?”
He had no other choice but to wait and see. Alejandro closed the door, locked it, and then took Dean’s hand again to lead him to the back exit in the storage room, and yes, they stopped briefly between the shelves as Alejandro pulled him in for another deep kiss, arching his own body against Dean’s, all firm and slender muscle, strong arms around his back.
One more note at the end.
Dean no longer wanted to see himself like that, though. Or at least, he tried to see something else, something more, something better, and, for the most part, these days, he succeeded.
The words were out, and Dean looked Cas straight in the eyes, his own green ones glistening with moisture, but he did not look away again. Yet, Cas did not dare to believe, did not dare to hope that this really meant what it sounded like. His own eyes were wide, trembling breaths coming over his parted lips as he stared at Dean, and it took all his willpower to finally get out even half a question., “You mean…”
He’d also have a word with-- No. No, this whole thing would best go unacknowledged. Maybe it would be easier to forget the mental images then, he decided, opened another bottle of beer and forced himself to calm down.
No, Cas had done right then, and he hoped he had done right this time, too.
“None taken!” Dean quickly replied and meant it. “Human friends are good. Who knows, maybe I’ll find some of those too, someday. No idea how that works, though.”
“Ah.” Alejandro raised his eyebrows and chuckled slightly. “Old-fashioned, then.”
“We watched a few westerns together. Me and--”
It wasn’t just
Dean barely took in his surroundings as the lights and ceiling fan were both switched on. To the right, there was a separate room, probably the bathroom, and next to it a small kitchen unit. Other than that, it was one large, open room, a big portion of it occupied by painting utensils, canvases, and finished or half-finished paintings. But Dean really had no patience to look at them now. Instead, his gaze followed Alejandro towards the bed in the back left corner where he switched on a bedside lamp and another one on a dresser and turned the ceiling lights off again.
“Yeah, you said so,” Alejandro reminded him. Dean had forgotten that.
They continued to chat for a while, and yes, Luisa, but her girlfriend, too, really reminded him of Charlie. At least their interests and level of geekiness seemed very similar, although their personalities were definitely different enough for him not to become too melancholy.
Maybe not making any real plans was the beauty of it all, he thought, remembering again what Leanne had told him. It suddenly didn’t feel all that odd anymore because, who was stopping him?
He let out a small chuckle, something between bitter and amused about himself, and he shook his head slowly. “You’re right. Pretty pathetic, though, huh? That I go all separation anxiety on you like an idiotic helicopter parent just because you’re finally moving out at thirty-seven.”
The weather had started to improve by mid-morning, and since it was Saturday, the beach was soon crowded with people. Dean set up the beach chairs and sun shades with Alejandro and helped him around the bar a bit, although there wasn’t an awful lot of work during the day. In the evening, however, that changed drastically. Since Juana was only able to work for three hours that evening, Dean ended up tending the bar together with Alejandro until well into the night.
Alejandro nodded, gave him another smile, and drank the rest of his coffee. “How about a movie?” he asked then, obviously having caught Dean’s hint. “You seem to like cowboys, so maybe a western? How about ‘
know if you made the right choices for yourself?
“You think… dad did this on purpose? Sent you on that hunt to teach you a lesson?” Sam’s tone sounded a bit incredulous, and Dean didn’t know either if he really believed that. He just knew, now with much more clarity than he could have back then, that it had been a pivotal moment in his life, and it hurt all over again to go through it once more.
He watched as a young woman walked along the sand with her dog, who seemed grateful for the refreshment and tried to attack the waves playfully. Dean’s heart ached a little, thinking of Miracle, even though he knew the others would take excellent care of him. The little mutt had grown rather attached to Claire, too, so at least Dean could be certain he was going to do just fine. It didn’t change the fact that Dean missed him, but he was going to survive that, too.
Sam’s brows went up briefly, then furrowed, and he looked to the side, obviously trying to remember. “It was just… something in passing. He asked me if there was something going on between the two of you. I said I didn’t know, and he just shrugged and didn’t say anything.”
Dean thanked him and, as Allan left to head towards the cabin, finally got his pie. Patty had apparently re-heated it and added a generous dollop of cream, and the whole thing was so delicious, Dean decided to ask for a second slice and ditch a proper dinner altogether. It wasn’t even that late, but he just wanted to wind down, and if he should get hungry again, he still had some beef jerky and a few chocolate bars in his car.
I specifically wrote pizza
“Do you… need some help.”
It was much later, in the evening, when Dean’s earlier thoughts resurfaced. He and Sam had spent the late afternoon on the beach again before, after a small dinner back in their apartment, Dean had gone to meet up with Alejandro. It wasn’t anything the other man had said or done - as always, Alejandro was easy, pleasant company - but Dean found himself wondering about too many what-ifs, his thoughts stuck in the past more than being in the present.
The earlier irritation forgotten, Alejandro’s brows went up just a notch as he mirrored Dean’s grin with just slightly lesser intensity. But then his expression softened, became more serious and sincere, as he continued, “Don’t be embarrassed, though. We all have our own stories. There’s no right age or one right way to do this and figure things out about yourself.”
“I don’t know,” he said, softly, and that was still the truth.
“Yeah, and that one tastes like dog barf, so…”
He barely noticed how Miracle scuttled around him, trying to shove his muzzle between Dean’s arms and his face, trying somehow to comfort this human he had only known for such a short time. And Dean was grateful. He slid back onto the bed, the jacket still clutched in one hand as he tried to lay down somewhat comfortably and let the dog snuggle up to his chest.
“Uh, I’ll be right back,” he managed to get out, just about keeping it together as he got up and headed back towards the bar. He needed to escape before he’d have a mental breakdown over a ridiculous song he’d never even heard before and usually wouldn’t even have liked. Anger coiled in the pit of his stomach as he reached the building, but it was too weak, overpowered by a sadness he had not felt, had not
However, he was not fully comfortable with playing that whole game with a guy just yet, and so he opted for a safe middle ground, something subtle and probably, in a way, something more sincere and authentic.
That night Dean dreamed of Cas again, and this time he remembered. Sweaty and hard, he woke up in the middle of the night; Alejandro laid sprawled out on his front, deep asleep. In the darkness of the room, he almost gave in, almost allowed himself to imagine, again, that it was someone else’s figure lying there beside him. Then he got up from the bed, as quickly and quietly as he could, put on his boxers, and bolted out the door into the fresh, cool night air to breathe and clear his head.
Instead, he just shot him a grin and ordered beer and tequilas for him and Sam and left the man to his work. Juana was there to help again, but for the moment, Alejandro seemed busy. He did smile at Dean brightly, though, and, between pouring the drinks, asked about their day before the next patrons caught his attention.
“Good.” Dean let out a breathy, open-mouthed chuckle, only acknowledging the harsh grip with a brief raising of one eyebrow. Then he continued his rocking, slowly rotating movements on top of Cas, and his breath became more of a staccato - short, little groans that he let out with the increasing pace.
There were a few locals there, sitting at the small tables that Alejandro had pulled out from the interior and set up in front of the bar. Music was playing, just some generic Latin American beach music, softly enough for Dean to not mind it much despite not being quite his style.
“Any way I can help you out of that one?” he offered before he could stop himself, but Alejandro just shook his head softly.
with emotion and completely out of his depth.
It made Dean laugh, and Cas joined in with a slight chuckle as he laid back down, now next to Dean. One arm came around Dean’s middle, fingers caressing his side through the fabric of his t-shirt in a way that almost tickled but also sent small shivers down Dean’s spine.
, this chapter is dedicated especially to you ;-)
Between dinner and that, Dean only got to catch them up on some main details of what had happened in recent years. Cesar and Jesse had been interested but had both agreed they were glad to have been out of this whole mess for years now.
Dean had to laugh softly at the last part, feeling relieved, but there was also moisture welling up in his eyes at reading Alejandro’s words. He had no reason to doubt their sincerity, and part of him wondered how he even deserved such kindness and understanding. Despite it, the small, nagging feeling of guilt would probably remain in him for a while.
I also did a bit of research on alcoholism vs. alcohol abuse, and when moderation management can actually work. When alcohol is just being used as a coping mechanism, people can unlearn that behaviour again by finding healthier ways to cope (ha, lol, errr.... Dean's not exactly a pro in that area, but at least he's good at pushing this to the back of his mind), and by teaching yourself only to drink in positive situations.
After they had defeated Chuck in the spring and everyone had returned from being Thanos’ed into nirvana, people had started to come to the bunker. First, it was Claire and Kaia, who had moved in permanently in May, just before Sam’s birthday. Then, a few other hunters followed, some of the Apocalypse World folks, other young ones whom Claire had met on her earlier hunts, and through them, even more. Soon the place was permanently housing no less than thirteen people with the occasional guests who stopped by on their way to consult the archives and get advice from other hunters. It had become a true American hunters headquarter, and that probably was what this place always should have been.
He went over to the TV rack, turning it around so they could watch from the bed, and switched on an external hard drive he had connected to his TV.
comment implied.
If this
“I’m sorry,” Alejandro said softly but kept his distance, “I’m really sorry. Do you want to talk--” Alejandro stopped mid-sentence as he saw Dean shake his head. “What can I do?”
Cas exhaled in relief. It was a kind thing to say. A thanks for his honesty and another confirmation that it really did not affect their friendship negatively, and Cas was grateful for it. It hurt a little. No, a lot. It hurt that this was all there ever was and should be between them, but it was much better than nothing.
Seven, almost eight years - not
“Mmh, that’s good. I’m glad.”
“You know, this may come a bit hypocritical from a guy who’s living his dream,” Cesar started, and - it seemed more automatically than consciously - he looked over to his husband with a soft smile on his lips, “But sometimes you just gotta start somewhere. Try a few things and figure it out from there. Because whatever you do, it’s…” He paused and made a waving motion with his hand.
I hope you did enjoy it. Please let me know.
Dean couldn’t quite shake the feeling that she meant to say ‘I, unlike you,’ and he appreciated it even though it made him feel a little self-conscious.
They waved at both of them, the bubbly, shorter shrugging at Dean with a regretful smile on her lips - and yes, she had got it. Then, they went outside again to join a few others at one of the tables.
Instead, he had just listened to Cas as he had explained how Jack had awoken him in the Empty and asked him to help rebuild heaven - though he left it at that and said he should not reveal more to the living - and how the Shadow, apparently, was only after the part of him that was supernatural, his grace. The Shadow was also somewhat concerned that Cas might wake up again and disturb its sleep, so it was satisfied with the arrangement of letting out the part of Cas that had a mind of his own and an attachment to Earth.
“Well, it’s kind of obvious. At least, it always seemed that he did.”
“Ah,” Sam nodded and cleared his throat, “So, yeah, she found a place. And a job.”
himself to feel in months.
Also, my beta reader went over chapter 1 once more, so I edited it with some minor changes. Nothing you have to re-read, though.
It was later at the beach when they had found their spots and were lying down and Dean saw Alejandro again. He was walking towards the elderly couple with a tray of some fruity smoothies and, catching Dean’s gaze, smiled at him and winked. Dean, who couldn’t and didn’t want to stop himself, gave him
Sam just shrugged before he turned the bacon slices a last time, pressing them down with the spatula. “Can’t say I’m surprised.”
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Cas said gently, and when Dean looked him in the eyes, he could see the affection in them so clearly that it almost took his breath away. How could he deny Cas any wish?
“Thank you. And, you know, it sounds pretty good when you speak Spanish.” He winked, and Dean felt a smile spread on his lips that must have looked just a bit bashful.
It had never been an ordinary friendship between them, and in many ways, it never could have been, because the mere principle it was built on, had budded from, was anything but ordinary. An angel of the Lord, and a human, becoming besties just because they enjoyed each other’s company so much and shared some interests - well, that was a ludicrous thought.
As they were sitting around the fire, the nine friends switched back and forth between English and Spanish, and Dean certainly couldn’t blame them for wanting to speak their native language, not all of them fluent enough to keep up a conversation in English the whole time. Luckily, with that many people around, the conversations broke up, and Dean talked to Antonio and Leticia for a while. They both spoke English really well, and were pleasant company, chatting about their jobs and how long they’d known Alejandro.
“Hm, yeah,” Dean said curtly, careful not to put any emotion in his reply because he knew where Sam was going with this, and Dean wasn’t playing along.
So, that was it. My first ever Destiel fic. I hadn't written anything in two years, and I felt so immensely inspired by these two idiots, because of the shitty finale. I hope you enjoyed the fic and that, if you did, you can take the time to leave me a few lines about what you liked best and what you thought of it all.
“Sam?”
Alejandro shrugged softly and laid both arms lightly around Dean’s shoulder as they tiptoed over the soft sand beneath them. “Well, do what you want, but if you’re asking me, it looks really fucking hot on you,” he said softly just as he leaned in and brushed a gentle kiss to Dean’s cheek and then his lips.
Back in his own bed, however, Dean was also left completely alone with his mind, his own thoughts so loud that he found himself unable to shut them up.
Sam just rolled his eyes. “That vegan stuff is actually pretty tasty. And a lot healthier. But yeah, we’ve got real bacon, too.”
“Yeah, but--” Sam replied, brow furrowed as he looked at Dean and, very briefly, Alejandro, back at Dean and, trying to hide his eyes widening with what probably was a realization, swiveled a bit, to the crowd outside and back in again.
do. Sam had gotten out, and he told Dean he could too. Nobody expected him to stick around, to fulfill his
“Ah, well, can’t blame her there,” Dean said as Luisa rolled her eyes to her girlfriend but smiled. “Though I always preferred B’elanna. She was something.”
“Art school? So you’re, what, a painter?”
“Cactus fig. It’s nice, I guess. And dude, he’s right,” Sam said as he reached into his small gym bag, taking out an orange bottle of lotion and tossing it to Dean. “You really should put some sunscreen on.”
Also, I've always wanted to write a sex scene that was full of banter and included the line "get in me, cowboy" - and I sneaked in a few inside-jokes that my readers who are hailing from the discord server Fandoria will recognise ;-)
“Yeah, she’s good,” Dean agreed with a smile, “I should probably get an autograph before she becomes the next big discovery.”
“Hey, everything okay?” Alejandro asked softly behind him, but Dean didn’t yet turn around.
a bit strange to post a Christmas chapter in summer, but at least we can get an idea of what people in the Southern hemisphere feel like. ^^
“You close?” he asked softly, dilated pupils making his green eyes look darker, and the faintest trace of a smirk on his slightly parted lips. Just before he squeezed his muscles around Cas and made him whimper with impatient pleasure.
From the corner of his eye, Dean could see Alejandro turn to look at him, waiting for him to continue, and somehow, it came a little more easily than Dean would have thought.
“That’s because pie is the superior dessert,” Dean said and pushed his brother up the stairs.
I am very sorry for this lengthy delay between the last chapter and this. My beta-reader had a very busy time with school work and stuff and therefore wasn't able to edit the next chapter. I have a new beta-reader now who's got a bit more time on her hands, so I shoul be able to post new chapters a bit faster again in future.
“Not to be an easily excitable teenager, but I’m gonna get close very soon,” he admitted.
Edit: Oh, yeah, and I just HAD to do a rain kiss ^^
“You’re really lucky, though,” Dean said as he emptied his glass of beer, “doing something you love and are good at, and making at least enough money to get by well enough.”
“Just now,” Sam replied just as Dean also spotted the green liquid in a transparent plastic cup that stood in front of Sam, next to another plastic bag which he assumed - hoped - was breakfast for him.
“But you want to change it now?” Alejandro asked, and the way his voice had gone lower and he leaned in just a tiny bit closer, left arm resting on top of the bar, made it fairly obvious he wasn’t just talking about what Dean wanted in general.
Dean decided to remain honest and let out a long breath, shrugging slightly.
“That what normal kids do? Feels kind of strange without someone handing me a ‘45 and telling me to watch out for monsters.” It had been a joke, though Dean could not deny there was just a hint of bitterness on his mind, too. The only one who had ever made sure he and Sam had had any ordinary childhood experiences was Bobby.
“It’s past seven-thirty, since when do you call that early? Don’t you usually finish your daily half marathon around this time?”
Putting away the glass he’d just dried, Alejandro smiled at him again, and Dean did wonder for a moment whether that was just his general thing or whether these smiles were especially for him - and why was he even thinking about that?
“Enjoy your milkshake,” Alejandro said.
“Hmm, I was thinking Mexico,” Dean replied with a grin as he found the right cassette and put it into the player to switch from radio to tape.
. Please just tell me you know that.”
It was pleasantly warm; the sun was shining brightly, and a soft breeze was coming from the ocean. Dean was lying on his beach chair on his back, eyes closed, and just listening to the sounds of the waves. There was nobody else on the beach this morning - Sam had gone back to their apartment when Eileen texted him a while ago, and many locals attended Sunday church services or were sleeping in after a night of partying.
“God, Dean,” Alejandro breathed, biting his lower lip as Dean slowly pulled down his shorts, revealing his already half-hard dick. He wrapped a hand around it gently, bringing him to full hardness with a few strokes as he held Alejandro’s gaze.
“Oh wow, this… this is the best burger I’ve ever had,” Alejandro said, “I mean, I hope you don’t take this personally, but this is almost better than sex.”
“We do?” Dean asked a little cheekily. He really didn’t want to, but he also knew Alejandro was probably right.
Dean grimaced at that. “I’m not blond!”
Jack smiled at him. “We have time. The Shadow won’t disturb us.”
“Throat cancer,” Alejandro replied. “Just one and a half years ago. My mom only found out about his latest affair afterward, so that was quite a mess back then.”
“Did he…”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you sooner,” he confessed. “Maybe I should have, for our friendship’s--”
He started with his and Sam’s trip to Mexico and how he had met Alejandro. Dean still felt - as he knew, irrationally - guilty for it, but when he told Cas how it had been Alejandro to push Dean to finally face his grief, he was met with nothing but understanding and sympathy from Cas. The way he gently kissed Dean - pouring comfort and reassurance into the contact - made Dean feel very much okay and at peace with everything that had happened.
Last night had been great, amazing even, and Alejandro was great company even without the sex. But it wasn’t like Dean was…
He really wasn’t okay, and Dean knew that Alejandro knew.
“God, Cas,” Dean breathed as he slowly let their faces part only about an inch, before he let out a soft laugh and rolled his eyes upward. “I mean… I hope Jack didn’t hear that.”
“Oh, I wish I could have filmed that,” Dean still chuckled as he guided his horse next to Sam’s, all three riders having stopped now, and Sam shot him a grumpy glare that was only betrayed by the slight twitching around his mouth because, yeah, there was no way he didn’t realize that he must have looked like a complete jackass.
Sam shrugged softly. “I’m past that point, I suppose. We still got some eggs and bacon in the fridge.”
Dean didn’t know if he’d ever get the chance - or if it would even be such a good idea - but if he ever
“Really?”
“You’re probably right,” he said and, deciding on being fully honest, added, “But I guess it helps if you have someone there to start over with.”
Miracle gave a faint, huffy whine and Dean had to chuckle again as he got up and made his way to the bed. But the dog had other things in mind, sniffing around the floor towards a chair and then jumping up, sticking his nose into the crumpled piece of clothing lying on top of it.
, only then becoming aware of his brother being right beside him on the next beach chair, having seen the whole thing. And, teasing remarks be damned, Dean decided not to give a rat’s ass about it this time.
“I can text her. But she works until six, so you’d have to wait until after that. Seven maybe or eight? You can stay here and have a drink in the meantime.” He gave Dean another small smile.
“Listen, I…” Dean licked his lips, his right hand sliding out of his jeans pocket and then both hands running down his thighs in what Cas knew to be a somewhat nervous gesture. “I think we should talk.”
“Pity, I’d have tried to sneak an untrue story in there somewhere. See if you’d catch me on that.”
His jeans went, lying somewhere on the floor for all he cared, and Alejandro knelt up to open the button of his own shorts. But Dean, in a flash of self-control and daring, pulled Alejandro down by one hand, made him lie down on his back now to take off his shorts. Like Dean, Alejandro was wearing boxer briefs underneath, though they were a little tighter, cream white, and very clearly showing the outline of Alejandro’s dick.
He had mentioned Cas when he’d spoken about the events of recent years, but he had always gone over the facts quickly, not wanting to spend too much time thinking of him - not now, not in the presence of other people, and maybe that in itself had already been suspicious. When he had gotten to the part about Cas saving Dean’s life, taking Billie to the Empty with him, Dean had had to swallow hard and then quickly move on, lest he wanted to get lost in that memory of despair.
she wrote, again with a winking face.
“That patience isn’t your strongest suit,” Cas finished as he put the bookmark between the pages and set the novel on the nightstand. “Anything I can distract you with?”
Suddenly, a thought and an image invaded his mind, and even though he pushed it away, it lingered in his consciousness, making him wonder what, if Cas was still alive, their completely normal, mundane everyday life could have looked like. Could they have sat together, among a group of friends and family? Not as hunter and angel, but just as two people who held hands and kissed and looked at each other with love and adoration in their eyes.
Alejandro nodded and smiled as he put away the last few of the already dried glasses and then wiped down the sink. “Well, you said you were thinking about retiring from hunting for good with all those new hunters around now and things calming down. So… nothing’s stopping you from not also finding something you love.”
Dean shrugged softly, and he finally took a few steps closer to him. “They made movies of that. We could watch them some time if you like.”
A little while later, he began feeling his eyelids getting heavy, and he was shivering slightly in the cool night air. And so, he got up, brushed the sand from his jeans, and made his way back to the apartment. He tried to be quiet as he entered just by the light of his phone, kicked off his shoes, and got out of his shirt and jeans. When he opened a drawer in the dresser to put on a t-shirt, he heard a faint, sleepy groan from his brother and then, softly, “Dean?”
When he hit play, he saw an SNL sketch with Don Cheadle as a guest, the whole thing taking place in a setting that reminded him very much of every midwestern dive bar he’d ever been to. It was, as every SNL sketch, ridiculous but hilarious: two dudes wanting to fistfight but ending up dancing to the much too cheery musical number - full of innuendo - that was playing in the background. Dean had the vague impression that he had heard the song before, but if one of the characters hadn’t said that it was
“What time is it?” another question with a drowsy voice.
home anymore, and Dean didn’t quite know how to feel about that.
A low hum around him, and Dean came, hard and much faster than anticipated, before his brain could even register who the voice belonged to, where he was, who he was with. His chest ached and clenched with the heaving breaths he was letting out, shame and guilt now crashing down upon him and chasing all the pleasantness away. It was guilt for thinking of someone else when Alejandro was there with him, and, in a way, he felt even dirty for thinking something like this about Cas at all. Cas, who was gone, would never speak to him, never touch him, never be with him on a beach like this one, or anywhere.
Alejandro’s warm, wet lips instantly opened under his. As Dean felt the other man’s tongue against his own, it felt as though his heart was beating up his throat, making it constrict with how overwhelmingly exciting it felt to finally, after years and years of denying himself this, kiss another man. To feel the stubble of his beard tickle Dean’s skin, almost scraping it, deliciously rough; the hardness of his Adam's apple against Dean’s thumb before he brought his hand lower, let it roam, feel the neatly trimmed hair on Alejandro’s chest at the neckline of his tank top. Hear the low, throaty breaths as he caught them with his lips.
“Yeah. We’re pretty close,” Alejandro said.
So, as I said, now starts a new "Part"  of the fic, which is why I've also included another poem by Alma as a preface.
him, because Dean would never return his feelings.
“See, there’s something to start with,” Jesse said optimistically, and of course, Dean knew he was perfectly right, logically. Emotionally, however, when Dean tried to picture himself with such a job, the image just didn’t feel right. Empty somehow. Fake, and he had no idea why that was or if he ever could shake that feeling.
Quite suddenly, he wondered if yesterday’s decision had even been the right one. He definitely missed her, but that feeling still wasn’t greater than that vague, strange sense in him of missing something
came the first reply, and Dean could see that she was still typing.
The warmth of the air, the sounds of the waves in the background, and the pleasant, arousing sensations of his body made him relax more and more and keep his eyes closed. Dean thought he could just get lost in it all for a while, in an almost trance-like state where he was not yet driven by intense need but just enjoyed the build-up that would get him there eventually.
want to do?” Sam asked after a minute or two, and Dean knew he didn’t just talk about the evening’s entertainment.
“Hey, that’s cool man, really,” Dean quickly interjected, and yes, he was really happy with the choice. “It’s perfect. Hm, my little nephew. Jack Winchester. I really like that.”
And so they didn’t talk about angels or demons any more that night. Instead, Alejandro told him about art school and about the music he enjoyed - many Latin bands, and some American indie artists, as well as a few classics they both enjoyed. Twenty minutes later, he had finished the drawing, and it took Dean’s breath away a little because, attractive though he knew he was, Dean had never seen himself so beautiful. It even made him blush, which made Alejandro laugh and ended with them rolling around on the bed until Dean had him pinned down, ankles on Dean’s shoulders, and he didn’t think of anything but how hot the sight in front of him was and how great it felt to fuck him.
Until the next morning, when Dean emerged from his and Cas’ room with that ridiculous cowboy hat on and Sam spotted - probably, hopefully unnoticed by Dean - a pale, crusty stain on the brim.
into men, at least he knows you’re available.”
“Yeah,” was all that Alejandro replied.
This time, the reply didn’t come instantly, and Dean went back to his Netflix, briefly contemplating just rewatching any of the old Star Trek series, but for some reason, he couldn’t really make up his mind.
The highway was winding uphills, framed by rocks and some scattered green bushes, and Dean stopped at the side of the road. The sun was sinking low now, almost fully set above a small canyon just about a hundred yards from the road. Dean went to its edge and sat down looking over the land that stretched out in front of him, and saw the dark and light layers reflecting in tones of red and brown and gold.
Still, it was difficult to grasp and fully accept. Although Dean could not imagine being a celestial immortal creature and was glad to be just human, Cas had never known anything else, save for that short period of time several years ago, and that hadn’t exactly been easy for him.
“Buenas tardes,” Alejandro replied, wiping his hands on his apron as he had just finished washing glasses. “Quite a few Spanish phrases you’ve picked up already.”
And yeah, maybe this was what Dean needed. He wasn’t running away, was he? It wasn’t like that, he tried to reason with himself as he got back into his car and drove on. It was more like… taking time to figure out what he really wanted, and what he
Speaking of printed books. Since this is the longest fic I've ever written (should have around 130k words once it's completed), and also the one I'm proudest of, I was looking into prices of having it printed for myself and a few friends. There's a company with rather low prices here in Germany who makes book prints.
The smile was gone from Alejandro’s features now, replaced by a gaze full of sympathy. He leaned up on one elbow and brought his lips to Dean’s, and Dean took the bit of comfort that lay in the gesture gratefully.
. Like so many things, he would have felt silly and selfish indulging in hobbies that required more energy and time than mere consumption of media. His life had been dedicated to hunting, saving the world, and doing whatever Chuck wanted him to. Luckily, that was a thing of the past.
She added that cheeky winking emoji with its tongue sticking out as well as a little cactus.
“Read in a book. Right.”
way and made Cas lose all coherent thought. Then, Dean had the gall to wink at him and tap the brim of his cowboy hat that he had also insisted on wearing, and rolled his hips again, slowly, deliberately, muscles around Cas’ erection squeezing him so tightly Cas thought he was seeing stars.
“De nada,” the barman replied. “Anything for you… Dean, is it?”
What he couldn’t bring himself to do, though, was to think of Cas. He just couldn’t because then all of this - the feeling of relief, of peace and of hopefulness that he shared with his brother? He would not be able to enjoy it. He would not be able to let himself actually
“You don’t say,” Dean teased, but Cas did not let that bother him.
“Now I understand why he also seemed upset when he asked me how I’d feel about topping. We haven’t exactly reached that point in our intimacy yet. I thought he was referring to frosting or cream on the pie we were eating, so I said I’d prefer it as it was.”
“Wow, Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t know. I saw the crowd out here, so I didn’t think…”
Alejandro laughed, shaking his head in amusement, and yeah, maybe that had been a bit of a dumb question, Dean had to admit, grinning to himself nevertheless.
and everything he could and wanted to be.
Sensing that the topic was back in calmer waters, Alejandro nodded with a faint smile on his lips. “Ah, so you teamed up with an Archangel and the Queen of hell--”
“Sorry for the shouting. I had turned my hearing aids off,” the man chuckled as he came closer. “You’d like to rent one of the cabins?”
Dean appreciated that. After all, it was he and his brother who were on this trip together - not like a hunting trip where both of them enjoyed some downtime to themselves after working a case all day. Dean wanted to make the best of it too because he didn’t know when or if they’d ever spend time together like that again.
“This topic is uncomfortable to you, I can tell,” Cas said, and Sam just so refrained from saying ‘well, duh!’. “But thank you. You have cleared a lot up for me.”
Alejandro nodded slowly, brows going up briefly, before he took another bite, almost having finished his burger now.
“Late. Just sleep, Sammy.” Dean was way too tired to have any kind of conversation with his brother now, least of all the awkward one that would surely unfold.
“I guess,” Dean answered. It should have come more easily and readily over his lips, but as so many times, whenever he thought about it, he felt doubt and uncertainty.
“He’s getting quite good at it, too,” Colin said as he got up from the table.
“Lee?” Sam asked, brow furrowed. “When did you-- Oh, right. His day job was being a ranch hand back then?”
They had defeated demons and angels and God himself. It was time he finally didn’t let his father have any influence over his life any longer either.
However, Alejandro looked at him with raised brows before he crawled back up the bed and laid down beside Dean, propped on one elbow.
“Uh, I have to be at the airport by seven tomorrow morning. So, whatcha thinking? Quiet day at the beach?”
This chapter got way longer than I would have thought, but there's quite a lot happening here.
Dean rolled his eyes but chuckled. Over the past few years, they’d mostly shopped at department stores or, occasionally, when they needed a new smart business suit, a specialized men’s wear store in a small town somewhere. He wasn’t exactly a fan of huge, crowded spaces, but then again, it could be fun, and they probably had a big food court, too. He just had to dig himself out of this low again, not let it drag him down, and focus on the good stuff.
What he noticed as well was that the light coming in from the balcony doors seemed dimmer today, and it took a few more moments for him to see that it was raining. And wasn’t that poetic irony?
Dean chuckled again and briefly laid an arm around Eileen, pulling her in for a little squeeze.
“Morning to you too, fitness freak,” Dean replied with a grin as he took his towel to dry himself off, but then, he decided against it and put it back down to let the sun do the job.
Translations:
“You did a really good job. Only fair that you get paid for it,” Alejandro said more seriously.
Maybe, if there hadn’t been around a dozen people outside the bar, and if this wasn’t a traditionally Catholic country where Dean had no idea how strangers might react, he’d have made a more daring move, but when his ring and middle finger brushed against Alejandro’s, their gazes locked in anticipation, it was a time-stopping moment. And Dean was curious where it would lead.
broken and destructive - it was exactly the other way around.
Dean let out a deep breath through his nose, looking up at the ceiling for a moment, trying to swallow the rage he still felt at Chuck before he answered. “He got what he deserved. He wasn’t the benevolent father they tell you about in Sunday school, you know? He was a real douchebag. He played with people and their fate just for his entertainment, and when things didn’t go as he wanted them to, he threw a hissy fit and killed everything and everyone that got in the way of his vision of a perfect story. And a shitty story that was, mind you.”
As the image faded to black a minute later, Dean let his phone lie on the pillow next to his. He still had found no answer when, after what felt like a long time, he finally drifted off to sleep.
And, yes, he had not been wrong, just that the letters read ‘
“Uh, thanks, yeah. Both,” Sam replied and then finally decided to answer his brother. “There was a little accident in the kitchen. And Claire and Kaia wanted to see us both later, so we said we’d meet again in about half an hour.”
Well, he was almost forty-two now and thought, with a somewhat grim sense of satisfaction, that he didn’t feel too old for this now. If anyone disagreed, they could go fuck themselves.
“So, uh,” Sam started, after having taken out both the packets of regular and fake bacon from the fridge and heating up a skillet, “You never told me exactly what happened the night Cas… you know.”
Eileen’s brows went up at that. “Really? It’s mayonnaise.”
This, even more than yesterday morning, was the exact moment when he’d usually have had a drink... or two or ten. Dean couldn’t say he wasn’t tempted, wasn’t inclined to just shut his brain up with alcohol and fall into oblivion, but he also knew if he went down that road again now, he may not recover.
It was not just here, though, that Dean felt drawn to the water, he realized in retrospect. There had always been a kind of serenity large bodies of water exuded, one that he rarely experienced otherwise. Whenever he and Sam had had a chance to sit by a river or lake and watch the slowly moving waters, Dean had felt that sense of peacefulness more palpably than in any other stretch of nature.
“I’ll have to stop somewhere for the night but… by midday tomorrow, maybe?”
“Sorry,” Dean grinned and then quickly brought his tequila glass to his lips to down it, careful to get back into the same position he was in previously.
“So all in all, it took me quite a few years to figure out that the image I had of my dad when I grew up wasn’t all that accurate. I mean, he wasn’t a through-and-through bad person. I mean, he never hit me or anything. But he also wasn’t a very good one.”
“You have some questionable friends, I have to say,” Alejandro said, though he didn’t seem fully serious with the accusation.
I was really really overwhelmed by all the lovely comments to the previous two chapters. The last one was the climax of the plot so far, most of all emotionally, but as you can imagine, after a climax, the tension falls again (no that's not a euphemism but writing theory lol).
They had driven for almost two hours inland. Sam had woken him very early - as hinted at the previous night - and refused to tell him where they were going during the entire car ride. Now, as they had finally reached their mystery destination, Dean still couldn’t quite believe it. “We-- we’re here to go horse riding?”
“Yeah, sure. You only need a master’s degree in library science for that,” Sam replied, and Dean furrowed his brow, genuinely surprised.
“That-- uh… was a reflex.”
off Disney+. How come I don’t believe you? I mean, this is at least the fifth classic Disney movie you’ve referenced.”
“Well,” Alejandro shrugged slightly. “It’s a start. Though... after sunset, we usually say buenas noches.”
Alejandro let out a soft sigh around a grin. Then he set his glass down on the nightstand and let himself sink down next to Dean, one hand lazily brushing delicate patterns on the skin of Dean’s stomach, above the edge of the bed sheet.
“Okay,” he said, running his fingers over his forehead as he thought for a moment. Then, he put his fingers in the right position for the first chord and started playing ‘Freebird’. It was fairly easy and, despite still feeling oddly nervous about this, he managed to play the song without any major mistakes.
“Thirty-four.”
Dean pressed his eyes shut, gritted his teeth, and inhaled deeply through his nose.
“Kirk. All the way. Both Shatner and Pine.”
In which Alejandro is once again me (at least in some regards ^^).
“Well, that… makes sense,” Alejandro replied, and he leaned in a bit closer again, one arm resting on the worktop of the bar. “Not the part about you being forty-one, though. You look much younger.”
He bit his lower lip. “The two nuns, they-- they’d been in love, and when they were found out, they killed themselves.” Dean saw the old, tattered bible he had found behind a loose brick in their former chamber - a photo of them between the pages in the Book of Ruth. And Dean still remembered the verse, marked with a thin pencil line: ‘
not just to survive until the next big thing came along - no, he had to truly learn how to
“Okay, let’s just get down there and ask,” he suggested, looking for the exit down to the beach.
Alejandro gave a soft, snorted chuckle at that, rolling his eyes. “Oh God, yes. Thanks for bringing back those traumatic memories.”
“Hey, it’s not old-fashioned,” Dean replied a bit defensively as he watched Alejandro walk over to his stereo and take out his phone, probably to connect it via bluetooth. “I mean, I listen to…” He tried to come up with some more recent artists but failed miserably.
Sam was used to Cas entering the room and starting a conversation without preface; he’d been the addressee of many such questions. Whenever these inquiries were of a purely personal nature instead of being about a case - which they had very few of these days - Sam had also learned to become wary because, often, those topics could get awkward. He had a feeling this time was going to be no different.
Just a minute or two later, he did see a figure approaching, but he quickly realized it was Sam.
“If you’ve got any vacancies, yes,” Dean replied and saw another brief look of surprise on Allan’s - Mr. Miller’s, as he assumed - features.
“I can’t play many songs yet. Just been practicing a few. Simpler stuff, you know?”
“I tried to do the obvious thing,” Cas tried to explain, noticing how feeble his own voice sounded. “To find something, someone other than you. But it never worked out.”
They watched the movie with another cup of coffee, and Dean was glad that Alejandro hadn’t offered him beer or another drink. After his impulse last night to drown his sorrows in hard liquor again, it was good to not be tempted, and he also told himself he’d watch his intake a little more carefully for a while.
As he watched Adriana lean against Luisa’s shoulder, looking up at her with a dreamy smile on her face, or saw Raúl and Fernando exchange a brief kiss - freely now, with no strangers around who might judge them for it - he realized that he felt envious. It was more than what he had felt when he’d seen other couples interact like that, and maybe it all had to do with this entirely different
“So, one last road trip together, just you and me?” Dean asked and found a smile forming on his lips that turned into a grin. “Could turn into an epic bachelor party for you.”
It wasn’t the whole truth, but it also wasn’t a lie. Dean knew he was probably not going to be okay for a long time. Not fully, and who knew if he’d ever be. Somehow, though, in the light of the new day and after surprisingly having slept a full seven hours or so, he didn’t feel the sharp edge of devastation as vividly as in the night.
There had been letters, too. They had doubted their mission’s objective and wanted to get away, but Dean couldn’t get the full picture, only able to skim the letters before the spirits had attacked him. Burning the bible and everything in it, he saw them both go up in flames. Still, in their last moment, as they both realized what was happening to them, they had reached out and clasped hands, their gruesomely contorted faces turning human again for one small second as they looked at each other in despair.
“Yeah, it’s me. Hey Cesar,” he replied and only realized then that he really had no clue how to even explain his rather spontaneous train of thought and decision.
He wondered if Cas had ever, in all the millennia of his existence-- No. He couldn’t go there.
All these months, he had managed so well, mostly, and he had felt like this heavy burden of grief might be fading little by little. Just why did it suddenly feel like it was all rushing back, drowning him now, making it so, so hard to breathe and stop himself from crying?
The feeling of loneliness was there again, and he knew nothing could soothe it. No text message or phone call, no casual hookup, if he were to seek one out now, no food or alcohol. He just had to learn to live with it somehow. Live without Cas in his life.
In some of his darkest moments, Dean gave in to thinking about dying, and later, when either the haziness of alcohol passed, when Miracle jumped onto his bed and wagged his tail in delight to be petted, or when Sam knocked at his door to ask if he wanted some food or to watch a movie, he felt ashamed for ever allowing such thoughts.
Alejandro seemed to understand, and luckily, all he did was lift one arm to softly lay his hand to the back of Dean’s neck - not a full embrace, nothing too intense that would cause Dean to lose it, to break out in tears that he already felt prickling in his eyes. He blinked and breathed in deeply through his nose to chase them away.
Another shrug and a smug expression he knew he was wearing. “Guess it comes with the experience.” Of course, it didn’t work every time, but Dean had always enjoyed at least trying to make the women he slept with come at the same time as him… if he hadn’t already made them come a few times before. There was something that went beyond one’s physical relief when both partners reached orgasm simultaneously. It was also really convenient because bringing up the focus to get your partner to completion once you lay there, spent and exhausted, was definitely more work.
“Okay. Of course,” Alejandro laughed softly in disbelief, and so Dean told him the whole story of the Thule Society, of Aaron and the Golem and a significantly shortened version of how he’d time-traveled onto the
what he liked and enjoyed other than what he was used to.
And thank fuck, because one second longer and Dean could not have guaranteed that his body - separated from his mind by the pleasant physical contact for a moment - wouldn’t have done something really stupid.
“You know, believe it or not, but even in the year 2020 people do meet offline,” Sam said, gently teasing, and yes, maybe they did. Just that Dean wouldn’t even know where to start looking. Or if he even wanted to.
And now, without further ado, the next and this time slightly shorter chapter. Hope you like it! :-)
“Yeah. We did. Fifth year now and going well. Best decision we ever made.”
Blinking against the light, Dean sat up and looked into Alejandro’s smiling face. The man raised one hand in greeting, and his smile grew a little more prominent for a moment before he set down what Dean now recognised as a glass with a thick, green, frothy liquid and little umbrella on the small table next to Sam’s chair. “Here’s your avocado smoothie, enjoy.” Dean gagged a little.
“Are you okay?”
“No, it’s okay,” Maria said with a warm smile and seemed to ponder for a moment. Then her face lit up, and she started playing, picking the strings individually instead of playing chords. Adriana and Luisa both let out soft sounds of recognition, but so far, Dean could not say the tune sounded familiar.
“Uh, actually, I was gonna ask if you had any free cabins.”
“Nope. He was being resurrected by Nazi Necromancers.”
“But you have got to stop thinking that there are things you cannot share with anyone. If you can’t talk about…
When the Empty took him, he had simply stopped existing. He had not felt his body or his grace, had not thought a single thought, had not seen, heard, smelled, or tasted anything. He had simply stopped, properly this time, forever asleep without consciousness. If all that was true, however, how would he know it? How was it possible that the sense of not-being was there in him? And more so, how, if he had stopped existing, did he even know this now and could tell the difference?
He swam around a little, parallel to the shore most of the time so he wouldn’t drift out too far. Despite the cooler temperatures of the water, it did feel almost as warm as a bathtub after several minutes of swimming, and so he slowly made it back, grateful for the breeze on his wet skin making him even shiver a little as he got back out.
But Alejandro was there, more experienced than him in this aspect, and there was a gentleness in his gaze now as he propped himself up on one elbow, one hand reaching for Dean’s shoulder - and for a split-second, Dean
“Dean, are you really okay?” Alejandro asked softly but persistently. He took a few steps closer, and Dean felt something constrict in his throat.
“The disadvantages of being…,” There was that slightly teasing glint in Alejandro’s eyes now, “a hunter celebrity.”
“Juana is taking the late shift today,” he said in a low voice, warm breath on Dean’s cheek. “If you want to come over tonight I’m free after eight.”
“Why are you asking?” Dean sent the question back, chewing on a piece of tortilla.
“Hm, are there no other jobs you ever thought about? You seem like an overall capable guy,” Cesar said.
“Uhhh… In a relationship between two men,” he started, trying to make it as factual as he could, “top and bottom refers to who of the two…” He made a waving motion with his hand, studying Cas’ face and hoping to see an expression of understanding. All he saw were those brows going up quizzically, head slightly tilted, and no sign of recognition to be found. “Well, uh… it refers to who’s the-- uhm-- the giver and the taker.”
He didn’t say that, however. Nor did he bring up that he had no idea whatsoever of what he should do, if he actually intended to quit hunting. What he said instead was, “Alright, we’ve been up since ass o’clock, and I’m starving. Let’s find somewhere to eat,” and Sam agreed with that suggestion whole-heartedly.
“Okay, how can we get in touch with your friend?”
’. Instead, he focused on brown eyes and a friendly smile, of mundane but entertaining stories and facts of life, and he finally let himself drift off to sleep, wondering what Alejandro’s lips would feel like against his own.
I'm also gonna share the info about a printed copy of the fic again and a google form where you can submit the necessary info if you're interested.
“And he knows we’re hunters.” Dean had told Sam this over dinner the other day, after his first conversation with Alejandro about hunting, and he wondered very briefly what Sam would think if he told him how much more he had spilled last night. “So,” Sam went on,” that’s great, I guess. Makes things less complicated.”
He stopped at a gas station and looked up Cesar’s contact on his phone. The number still worked, though Dean almost wanted to hang up again, feeling a sudden pang of… well, embarrassment? Anxiety? He had no time to contemplate it, however, as he already heard the call being picked up.
, not after Chuck was no longer their God.
arrive. So he got up, turned his chair around a bit to face the sun that was traveling south, which also gave him a better view of the direction people usually would be coming from when getting to the beach.
It was a sunny day, but far from too hot for outdoor activities. They were offered hats or helmets to protect them against the sunshine, and of course, Dean picked a gambler-style cowboy hat, grinning to himself as he finally mounted the horse. After some final checks, making sure that the saddles were fixed correctly and the stirrups having the right length, Dean and Sam followed Yolanda out through the gate and onto a sandy path between bushes and trees.
start to work out a little more... and eat a little healthier, too.
Lastly,
“Hey, everything okay on your end?”
“Hey, you don’t have to justify this to me,” Dean said, and, despite everything, he meant it. “It does sound great. And Lincoln’s not that far. It’s like, what? Two and a half, three hours?” He didn’t want to sound like that was a condition of him agreeing to this - it was not his place to agree or disagree with it anyway - so he quickly added, “I mean, if you wanted to come down and visit us in the bunker. See the girls, and…” Were they going to take Miracle? Sam had always wanted a dog.
Cas felt his brow furrow, still too many questions chasing each other in his head. “And what is that?”
“You should make one,” Sam said, completing his train of thought because, yeah, what was stopping him now?
“Cas?” he barely dared speak the name as he turned around and looked at the angel, his best friend, standing there with eyes still wide from the thrill of the situation. He was actually there, flesh and blood and suit and trenchcoat. Not just a memory, not just a dream...and not a hallucination either.
“It’s called ‘The Hobbit’. Sam gave it to me,” he answered.
glad it was the right one - as he ran his fingers up to the side of his neck in a slow, soothing caress.
There had definitely been something, though. A connection. Something that made Dean want to spend as much time with Matt as he could, and his dad had not liked it. They were hunters. There was no room for friendships and distractions in their lives. Family was all that mattered. Strangely, his reaction when he had caught Dean kissing a girl in a hidden corner of the motel parking lot half a year later, was to smack him on the back and give him a beer. In the years that followed, though, John had always reminded him that long-term attachments weren’t in the picture and regularly congratulated him on having become such a ‘ladies’ man’.
As he saw a small boy with dark blonde hair marvel at the sharks with wonder in his big blue eyes, Dean also had to think of Jack. He also never had the opportunity to have a childhood, and Dean
Alejandro had told him about his sister, Gabriela, and how he had learned that all the monsters you heard of through folklore and horror movies were actually real. Dean had kept the conversation focused on this, asking questions rather than talking about his own experiences; as he had said, that would have been a story for an entire night.
Alejandro was right in front of him now. His hand reached out for Dean’s lower arm, and in just that split-second moment, Dean was so torn between wanting to lean against him, drawing him in for comfort, letting it all out, and recoiling to keep it all in, deny it, go back to enjoying himself and the evening, and not feeling this way. The latter impulse won, and Dean pulled away just as Alejandro’s fingers brushed his forearm.
“Of course…” Alejandro breathed out a chuckle, though it did not seem like he didn’t believe Dean.
“Jack brought me back,” Cas replied softly. His arms, that Dean only noticed now had been tightly wrapped around his back, were slowly sliding off.
going to take very long. Alejandro was moving with him, hot breath against Dean’s neck, and his muscles tightened around him further every time Dean pushed in, making him wonder when anything had ever felt so intense.
As he had told Cas then, Dean had been no complete stranger to male on male action. He had had a threesome with a woman and another man twice, though it had been more of the two guys focusing on the woman rather than each other, but still. Then, there had been that period that he would rather not think about when he had become a demon and gone on quite a few adventures with Crowley. That, though, didn’t really count, did it? He had not been his true self.
“What did he talk about?” Alejandro’s second hand now went to Dean’s neck and started massaging the muscles in it, making Dean notice only then that he was actually, physically tense.
Jack looked down very briefly, inched another small step closer before he raised his gaze to look Cas in the eye. “A part of you would have to remain here. The part that belongs here.”
As I expected, it took a little longer for my beta to read this chapter. I hope the wait wasn't too long, but I'd like to think it was worth it ;-) This is the first chapter that deserves the rating of the fic. Please do let me know what you thought of it.
It was only shortly past ten, but Dean was tired already. He was strangely exhausted, more so mentally than physically, and so, after thanking them for the offer and bidding them goodnight, he went to his room and got ready for bed.
“Don’t,” Dean interrupted him. There was a literal, physical pain shooting through him at the mention of the name, clawing somewhere around the middle of his chest. It wasn’t the first time he had heard it. Claire had mentioned him a couple of times, other hunters had asked about him, but in those situations, Dean had always managed to somehow detach himself from the weight of it, or leave the conversation all together and have Sam explain everything to whoever had asked. But now, with the familiarity between them and the confines of the Impala, he could not escape as easily.
felt for Cas - it had been
himself dream of Cas. Dream of more than just seeing him from a distance, talk to him instead, touch him, just once drink in that feeling of holding him in his arms.
Sam really wished he could be somewhere else. Maybe someone could call him, needing his help with a monster or some other creature, which would be easier to handle than this conversation, but no matter how hard he stared at his phone, willing it to ring, it didn’t happen.
“Maybe we should try somewhere else.”
“You know,” Sam started after a while, “You could find someone, too.”
They both laughed softly as they headed down the dark road, back to the bunker.
“Why do I even consider believing you?” Alejandro asked as he came over to the bed with the bottle and poured Dean some more.
Dean still looked at him with uncertainty written on his features for a second but then continued, “So you really
And that, Dean thought, as he laid back down and wrapped his former angel-now-human boyfriend in his arms, was more perfect than he’d ever imagined his life to become.
“Cas, I’m so sorry I never told you any of this. I-- I wish you could’ve known. But you meant-- no, you mean so much to me. I’ll never forget you, okay? I promise you that.” The words came out with urgency, with vehemence, but they broke in his throat as he felt a prickling in his eyes and a hitched breath forcing its way up his lungs. “I just miss you so damn much.”
Sooo, first chapter of what would be "Book IV" if this was a printed novel (coming back to that in a sec). Dean's finally at home now and discovering the changes at the bunker and how he feels about that. Some long over-due reunions are in this, too.
a kid, he would try to make up for it. He would do better. He would take them to zoos and aquariums and even freaking Disneyland if he could afford it. He’d make sure they actually got to be a kid instead of dumping all adult responsibilities on them and expecting them to grow up way before any kid ever should. He wouldn’t be like John, and he also wouldn’t be like
“Hola, Jandro,” a female voice interrupted him just as he was about to ask how to order two tequilas, one for him and one for Alejandro.
About Ghost Shark: I have not seen it. I do enjoy the occasional silly shark flick, and I've seen all the ones Dean listed (Sand Sharks is kinda awesome, because it's more of a genre parody than anything else), but Ghost Shark sounds just too stupid. Plus I couldn't find it anywhere, but I watched a summary/review on Youtube. Sadly forgot to save it and now can't find it anymore. Maybe you'll have more luck. All you need to know is that they actually have to burn the corpse of the shark to make the ghost disappear, which prompted Alejandro to say it's even somewhat educational, lol.
stuff?” he said with all the dismay he could muster.
“Good to know,” Dean replied, not feeling like the grin was going to leave his lips any time soon. “And please,
He had no idea where he even was when the daylight already started to fade a little, and so he finally took out his phone and checked the area. The first thing he saw on the map made him laugh, even giggle like a silly little schoolboy, because, apparently, he was only a few miles away from a peak called ‘Butt Mountain.’ At the very least, he had to get closer and try to find a sign to take a selfie with, because that opportunity - juvenile as it may be - was just too good to pass.
And I've missed a few of my regular readers the past two chapters or so. Hope you guys are doing well (and that you're still enjoying the fic ^^ ). Would love to hear from you again. <3
When Eileen had called Sam moments after Jack had left, Dean had been so relieved, so thrilled for them. But another part of him, one that he tried to push down and bury with all his might, had been envious. And he could
“Uh, it’s a pretty complicated story, and not something I want to go to in detail on,” he admitted truthfully, purposefully not thinking of the full scale of his intentions, or of Sam and what he’d been willing to do, then. “But, Death - the old Death - was a real foodie. First time I met him - that was, uh, during the Apocalypse. He invited me to have a slice of deep-dish pizza. And, well, the time I made him queso and taquitos, it was because I needed a favor of him. Or I thought I did. Again, long story.”
Dean let out a chuckle, feeling pleased, excitement still bubbling up his throat and preventing him from speaking. He just briefly managed to lean in and press a slightly more gentle kiss to the side of Alejandro’s mouth, then to his cheek and jaw, before the other man grasped his hand and slowly pulled him away from the door.
apologise for that epic cliffhanger, but I'm disappointed in all of you for not yelling enough at me (except Sophia and StarlightFilly who told me to go fuck myself 🤣)
“Exciting as that all sounds, I’m kind of glad my friends are all just boring humans,” Alejandro said, his eyes widening a little just when the words had come out, “I mean… sorry,” he let out a small apologetic chuckle, “no offense?”
Here's another chapter, rather swiftly after the last. Big thanks to my beta-reader ZophieZee!! <3
It was a strange thing to get used to. The sensations of his body and its needs were ever-present - hunger, thirst, fatigue, sensitivity to temperatures. It was all so mundane and, if he were to find a positive expression for it, humbling. If not, then they were distracting and sometimes unpleasant. Everything felt harsher and at the same time more blurred. His senses numbed down to the limited spectrum of human perception in the absence of his grace.
“That’s great, Sammy. I’m so happy for you,” Dean said, feeling warmth spread in his middle so strong that he couldn’t help but grin widely, too. He gave Cas the thumbs up to answer his inquiring gaze.
He might have thought that it all started that night when Sam had finally weaseled out of Dean that he was into men because, as he had already figured out before, that had been a huge, huge part of what he’d always hidden from everyone, himself included. The more he thought about it, however, he also knew that there had been another catalyst that had - irrevocably - changed something in him. It had taken him a long time to fully process the words, but everything he was experiencing now, every bit of courage and optimism he felt awoken in him - it all went back to and had started with Cas telling him he was not and needn’t be what others saw in him.
As soon as he let it fade and looked back at Alejandro, he could see the other man’s features having darkened just a bit, though he was trying to hide it behind his ever-present, friendly smile. If Dean had needed any more proof that Alejandro was, in fact, into men, this was it.
“Feeling peckish after a long day on the road, huh?” she smiled with an expression Dean could only describe as motherly. “I’ll see what I can dig up. Though if you’ve got a bit of a sweet tooth, I still have some pear and pecan pie left.”
Even though her voice was still soft, the guitar sounding much fainter than in the song before, Maria sang the song with such emotion that it was impossible to escape it. Dean couldn’t prevent his mind from trying to draw a connection, from relating to the words and the feelings they conveyed.
’s a classic. I was a kid when it came out. So…,” he said as he took his last bite of the burger, deciding not to mention the fact that he was fifteen, nearly sixteen when it came out on DVD, and he watched it with Sammy, who’d loved it and begged him to watch it again before they had to return the disk the next day.
Dean was only torn out of his train of thought when, after being startled by something Dean could not see, Sam’s horse pranced sideways and skidded a bit. Sam let out the most ridiculous sounds, first a low kind of ‘Ahh-aah!’ that then turned into a rather high-pitched squeal as he swayed in the saddle and, seemingly on instinct, waved around with his arms for balance.
Dean let out a long sigh, smiling vaguely through it. “Ah, yes, and most of them probably don’t know the half of it.”
“Ah. I’ll try to remember that. And, you know, you could always teach me some more,” Dean said, and while the statement itself was innocent, his tone and smirk had been subtly but deliberately flirty.
So Dean tried his best. He tried to listen to music that made him not feel melancholic but energized. He tried to draw comfort from Miracle’s adoration and amused himself by letting the dog lick clean his used plates when Sam would not see it. He tried to focus on the future, looked forward to the prospect of seeing Sammy get married, and of becoming an uncle - maybe, eventually. And he tried to stand outside in the rain, feeling the drops on his skin and remembering what Jack had said that last day they’d seen him.
“Bathroom?”
With each passing mile, however, Dean felt a different kind of weight spread in his chest. He was looking forward to seeing Claire, Kaia, and Miracle again, and even some of the new hunters that had joined them over the summer. Like geeky, nerdy Colin with his long hair and affinity for (sometimes questionable) heavy metal, or Iona, another apocalypse world hunter, who reminded him of Ellen a bit with her ‘don’t mess with me’ attitude around a caring heart. At the same time, however, Dean did - for the lack of a better description - not feel ready to go back home. Something that he couldn’t even pinpoint made him reluctant to look forward to the trip.
“Right,” Cas nodded and smiled a little, again gazing into space until the smile turned positively dreamy. There was the faintest hint of pink on his cheeks, too.
“Oh, then you’re in for a ride. Because that one is even worse than the others you mentioned.” Alejandro seemed excited now. The smile on his face turned into a grin as he got up from the bed and grabbed a t-shirt to put it on.
“Hm, that sounds good, but I told your friend Teresa that I’d book it ‘til the end of the week. Wouldn’t be fair to her.”
Dean automatically thought how nice it’d be to be here with someone other than a relative, and his mind equally automatically, for a very short moment, conjured up the image of Alejandro. And yeah, maybe making out in the surf was something he’d fantasized about whenever he had imagined himself at a beach. Still didn’t mean that anything Sam had been trying to imply or weasel out of Dean about him and Alejandro earlier applied in this case. He was just having a good time, and Alejandro had shown no indication that he expected anything different from him. How could he even, with their respective lives being almost two thousand miles apart?
No, he couldn’t go there, or else his good mood would be gone.
“Alright, um… “ he said again, as he pulled out the chair at the head of the table next to Cas and sat down, placing the guitar on his left leg. He just let his fingers strum the strings lightly to see if it needed tuning, but found that it still sounded alright.
It was in the early afternoon, driving through San Antonio, when he found himself both at a proverbial and literal crossroads. He could switch onto the Freeway 10, up to Austin, then Dallas, and further north. He’d probably make it as far as somewhere close to Dallas that night, where he’d find a cheap motel and then head up to Lebanon the next day.
Dean swallowed and clenched his jaw, felt a prickling in his nose and eyes, grateful for the dim light hiding what was surely evident on his features.
“So, how
“Is your drawing finished?” Dean wanted to know then, thinking maybe they should change the topic. Or should get back to having sex because the way his fingers ran over Dean’s stomach sent tingles down to his dick already.
He could not deny, in the days that followed, that things
“Oh, right. And wow, you remembered.”
Before that, John Winchester had always said he liked Lee, but he had nothing good to say about him after this encounter, and Dean had never contacted Lee again.
underneath an image of three dinosaurs dressed in a blue, gold, and red original Starfleet uniform.
? Had there been people before who had taken one or two good looks at him and thought ‘not straight’, even while Dean, himself, hadn’t wanted to see and acknowledge it? The thought was still uncomfortable and confusing, but even more so was the fact that Dean was wondering if Sam was right…
“Mmph,” he just grunted, a yawn escaping him as he stretched his limbs on the bed. Then, as he finally found his voice, “Dude, what the hell? I was sleeping.”
“Sam!” Dean said in a reprimanding tone, but his brother shrugged and lifted his hands without any sense of guilt.
“Breakfast?” Sam asked after Cas had retreated to one of the rooms that now would properly be his, to sleep in.
The pain of loss was still there, in the back of his mind, but it was just the memory of it this time, not the actual feelings that he had to bottle up, push down, and force himself to get over. Same as last time when he had lost Cas, or Sam, those memories never really disappeared. Their impact faded, though, and with each moment shared, they were outdone by gratitude and happiness. There’d still be a lot of those moments to share with Cas, too. Dean had to believe that.
“I get that,” Sam said softly. Then, he gave Dean a thin, apologetic smile because, yeah, he was at a completely different starting point than Dean. “I mean, this is unchartered territory for us. And I get it’s not easy… After everything,” He didn’t spell it out, but ‘everything’ was enough for Dean to know what Sam meant. “But don’t you think Cas would want you--”
And feel free to come chat with me over there any time you like! :-)
The rest of the ride went on rather uneventfully after that. They took a short break at a creek, letting the horses drink some water and stretching their legs, and, yep, Dean was definitely going to feel this later.
So he put off that thought again, and he spent his days lying in the sun, helping Alejandro around the bar, swimming in the ocean, and his nights - when the busy weekend was over - watching movies, or listening to music as Alejandro worked on his art. He’d done far too little of that the past two weeks, he’d confessed one evening, and Dean was not going to keep him from it indefinitely. After all, the novelty of sleeping with a man had worn off by now, and Dean was perfectly fine with not screwing like they were both still twenty, every night.
It was when he woke up, the sun shining brightly in, that his brain caught a first conscious and coherent thought, and, to the delight of his still somewhat sleepy mind, it was a good one, letting his heart rate pick up and a small grin form on his lips.
“And feel free to use our kitchen when you get up and don’t find us around,” Cesar added, “We’re gonna leave the door to the annex unlocked.”
And because the first two chapters are so short and my beta-reader and I are done editing already, you're getting both in one go. :-) Hope you like it.
“Hm, yeah.” Dean pondered for a moment, and he had an idea on why it took him so long, aside from the obvious of having grown up the way he had and the overall social pressure. “I guess it’s a bit harder when you have that alternative. I mean, dating women has always worked for me. So why change a running system?”
Dean felt his heartbeat quicken again, very much not unpleasantly so, though his cheeks were tingling a bit from nerves and excitement. Nevertheless, he brought his right arm up, mirroring Alejandro’s position. Their hands were mere inches apart. “I’d like that, yeah.”
“It’s a really long story. I wouldn’t even know where to start,” he said, trying to evade the whole thing gently. “And you wouldn’t believe half of it.”
When he got out of the water and grabbed his towel to dry himself off, he spotted Sam coming from the bar towards him, two beer bottles in hands. Dean sat down on the lounger, on top of his towel, and took the offered bottle from his brother.
Hey all, here's the next chapter. It's a day later than usual because my beta wasn't feeling very well yesteday, but here it is now. I hope you enjoy it.
Further onwards.
“He kinda checked me out when I took off my shirt,” Sam replied, shrugging slightly, and Dean felt himself frown.
Alejandro smiled over at him. “I never said it was. Okay, how about this. A Mexican blues band my father enjoyed,
“Yeah, it is. But we’re still just on the outskirts,” Sam replied. “A bit further south is where all the resorts--”
I have one more thing to say at the end. Until then, enjoy this chapter. Which is probably THEE most chapter. At least it was to me. Hope you like it! <3
“Hey, absolutely no judgment,” Dean replied, putting on his shirt, too, “You don’t want to know how much
“Oh?” Dean mimicked and shot his brother a confused look.
Dean felt the urge to pack up his stuff and just head back home, but as soon as he pictured this for a moment longer, and despite the fact that he was missing the others, it also didn’t feel right. He couldn’t quite place it, didn’t know what exactly it was that had him feeling so torn, and wanting to leave but not wanting to go anywhere else either.
“Dude, did I just… cockblock you?”
he asked her.
“You know,” Alejandro said next to him as they were putting bottles of beer and tequila in a tub filled with ice, “if you’re still staying a few more days, you could stay at my place? I mean…” He lifted a hand and brushed his thick wavy hair back behind his ear. “Could be more convenient.”
The simple action somehow broke the barrier behind which he had tried to keep most of his emotions, and he found it hard to sift through them, to let only the ones that did him good surface and leave the rest locked up. But when Miracle slumped down next to him, turning to expose his belly, panting and wagging his tail more frantically in the joyous anticipation of belly rubs, it became a little easier, and a genuine, albeit small laugh, escaped Dean.
“I’d like you to help me rebuild heaven. A kind of heaven that humanity deserves. I need someone who understands humanity better than I do, so I can get it right.”
Sam laughed, but took a sip of his drink before he covered it with the coaster. “I think I’m going for a swim.”
“You know, that sounds good. I’m gonna take you up on that offer,” he said then, “if it’s really no trouble.”
“I, uh, no,” Sam lied, rather quickly.
No, this definitely felt better. It still hurt, but even Dean knew that it was healthier. Hell, he’d been quite an idiot for not wanting to realize this sooner.
“Good, because healthy or not, I’m not eating that junk.”
“Sure, why the hell not Mexico,” Sam replied just as the first sounds of Bob Marley’s ‘Could You Be Loved’ started playing.
about the fact that he was, and always had been, bisexual, but a great deal of the things he’d never done despite wanting to had hinged on that detail. Anything that could be seen as ‘unmanly’, anything that he, himself, frowned upon or laughed about, was something he’d told himself over and over again was stupid and undesirable. Embarrassing. Shameful.
