“How did you get in?” Jack asked on their second day of confinement. Cas had looked at him and then around at his garrison. Despite making the implication of not wanting to tell this particular story clear, Jack had frowned sullenly and Castiel had found himself breaking.
“Did he think it was something else?”
“Oh God, no. Not that he isn’t nice about it, but after a certain point it feels like the people he sleeps with are just, well, another notch on the bedpost,” said Jo. “I have a hard enough time convincing people I’m credible. The last thing I want is someone saying I slept my way to the top.”
“Alright, walk that last part back for me,” says Dean, the most focused he’s sounded in the entire conversation. Sam hears the sound of rustling in the background as Dean sits up or something and wonders what Dean is doing in bed. Sure he has a broken leg, but it’s still like noon where he is and Dean isn’t much of a sleeper. No way he hasn’t gotten up unless something else happened to him. Sam feels his eyes narrow. “You mean Azazel like Azazel who killed Mom and fed you demon blood Azazel? And you didn’t think that was something I should know about-?”
“Well, I’m here for a reason,” Zachariah said at last. “You want something, or you wouldn’t be trying to keep them alive for leverage. Let me guess, you want me to spare Sanctus from the punishment that is due to those who commit treason?”
“Noted,” Castiel said quietly. “What were you dreaming about?”
Castiel almost said yes so he could continue asking questions, but the warning glare he got from Boris had him snapping his mouth shut and shaking his head.
“I could be in love with you, too, y’know,” says Dean next, casual as anything. “Never thought about it that hard. Maybe I am.”
Cas’ expression didn’t change and Dean let out a somewhat frustrated sound, before falling back into silence. This wasn’t the first time he’d had this argument, and Cas would bet money he mostly had this argument with Sam and that Sam was a lot more reactive than Castiel was being.
“I was contemplating a medically induced coma,” admitted Dr. Newman. “To spare you the pain.”
Castiel couldn’t think of anything to say in response, so he just nodded and took up staring out the window at the fields of crops that stretched around them. They drove a while in silence before Gabriel started up a conversation again.
It was a useless statement. Dean knew as well as Cas did that he had nearly shot himself to avoid having to kill Anna. Still, Cas really wanted to hang on to what he’d won.
Once again everyone was staring at him. Castiel felt Jo elbow him in the side and took that as a cue to stop talking. Castiel did and waited for the meeting to go on. Dean pulled out a file and handed it to Castiel.
“I understand,” Castiel said. Dean leaned back again.
“Course she did,” muttered Jo. “She doesn’t know the definition of god damn space.”
“Has the state outlawed alcohol since I left?” he asked. “You look positively scandalized, chief.”
Cas is silent for a moment.
“I can help.”
His attention is drawn into the proceedings again only once Sam has certified that it’s a deal he’d sign. Which is not something to be taken lightly, although Cas is not sure he has the same standards of what makes something a good deal. Then again perhaps he is just sour that his last deal with Crowley cost him so very much, even if it was a long time ago and it’s not as if he was completely blameless in that transaction.
“Yes.”
“Maybe he was just the first guy I slept with that didn’t make me feel like shit about it afterwards,” he said. “I mean, he’s shit when it comes to being a decent person sometimes, but at least he never hit me just ‘cause he thinks I’m good looking and didn’t wanna admit it.”
“Fuck, what I’m trying to say is-“
“Nothing pleasant, I’d assume,” said Castiel, not missing for a second that Jo had pulled out her knife. “Just make it quick.”
JULY 21, 2163 C.E. - LIBIDINE
“So you’re an asshole to Benny on purpose.”
Y-E-S. C-A-M-E-R-A. L-O-O-P. G-O. N-O-W.
FEBRUARY 1, 111 A.L. - SANCTUS
“She had you tortured.”
“Yeah,” Benny confirmed. “Everything is set.”
Jack’s eyes dulled.
“Because you love him.”
“He’s afraid of me,” Anna corrected. “He always was.”
“I think they’ve got it actually,” says Charlie. “Your mom kicks some serious ass, by the way.”
Jack swallows. Cas feels every ounce of sadness and regret flowing through him, and wishes he could lighten the burden. Only time will do that though. Time and forgiveness. He hopes Jack can see that is what Dean is trying to give him now. In his own way.
“Cas is getting worse again,” lied Jo. “And I’ve got to leave in a few. Doc needs someone to watch Cas while he’s with his other patient.”
“So he’s concerned,” Cas mused to himself. “Do you think it might be dangerous, going to Guttur? Perhaps it would be better if we went straight to Libidine instead.”
“Mind your own fucking business,” says Dean.
“Your majesty,” Dean said after a moment of silence. The king rolled his eyes and let out a little huff of impatience before returning his gaze to Charlie.
Claire practically glowed with happiness for the rest of the day, and Kaia did her best not to let it get to her. It wasn’t Claire’s fault that she was essentially reaching into Kaia’s chest, plucking out her heart, and stomping on it for all the world to see. Well, all the world who weren’t blinded by heteronormativity. If Claire’s heart was set on Jesse Turner, it was Kaia’s job as her friend to support her. Even if she really couldn’t see what Claire’s interest in him was.
It stung to hear, but Castiel tried not to show it on his face.
“I- how did you all find me?” Castiel said sheepishly, trying to hide his guilty conscience in his bashfulness. “I never expected-“
“If you’d like to put it that way,” Cas said.
Emma looked at the ground again, tears spilling down. Moments later Lydia was there, scooping her up into her arms.
“You didn’t have to, asshole,” says Dean. And then he notices the dawning realization on Charlie’s face. “Oh yeah. Charlie, Cas and I have a thing. Don’t make a big deal out of it.”
“That was before I got mixed up with the resistance outreach in Acedia. I was fifteen and Dad made it pretty clear after a while that he expected me to get involved. And hell, I wanted to. I was itching to finally do something, be someone, die for the cause. It was better than dying in one of those tiny rooms,” said Dean humorlessly. “But instead, by the time I was eighteen my old man ended up taking a few rounds in the chest and I ended up in a state prison. I thought I knew what summer was like. Knew it inside and out, but that was before I was shoved into some hole in the ground with twenty people to a cell and maybe water every couple of days. If the guards liked you.”
“I don’t know anything in your field,” he said at last. “I just wanted to ask how Crookshanks was doing.”
“You’re a child. You shouldn’t be in combat,” said Cas. The boy’s face screwed up belligerently, and he crossed his arms in a manner that was most accurately described as petulant.
When Mary asks Ash about it, he says that something has infected Heaven. She doesn’t know if that’s the right word for it, but she doesn’t question him. It’s not as if she ever really got the hang of computers, and Ash has a hard time cutting down on the lingo. The way she sees it though, when she looks past the way things look and into what Heaven actually is, is a change in the architecture. A fragmentation, doubling, tripling, and so on and so on into a kaleidoscope reality with billions of folds all overlapping.
More soft snores answered his question. Castiel decided now was a good time to try to slink away unnoticed. This was information Naomi would be overjoyed to know.
The boy who walked in was sixteen years old, and had a patch on his jacket that identified him as a soldier in training. Castiel had put his money on the table within a second of seeing him and was about to wait until the boy was distracted before slipping out quietly, but it was too late. Too young eyes focused in on him, and Castiel reacted by pulling out his gun and pointing it at the boy.
“No?”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” says Dean, half smiling at Cas’ little show of jealousy. It is kinda cute. “You said before that you wanted a place of your own. And I was invited.”
“Yeah, spare me the details about that,” Dean said. “Cas?”
“I fucking told them all I could do it,” she said, grin splitting her face. “God, my mom is going to be so pissed when she hears about this.”
Cas spins around suddenly, looking dazed and a little off balance. He meets Claire’s eyes, and then the both of them turn in unison to see the crocotta look down in confusion at where his hand is resting against Dean’s neck. There’s a shallow line across the skin of his throat, but no knife as far as Claire can see. She’s so confused, whatever element of surprise she might have had is lost. The crocotta is on his feet the next second, turning to see Claire and Castiel both looking at him.
“Thanks for catching me, Blondie.”
“Not a bad thing to be.”
“I told you. Favorite book is more of a tier than a singular thing,” said Charlie. She smiled before opening up the book. “Let’s see how far I can get into this before Jo figures out where I am.”
And there’s a small part of her that thinks, traitorously, that he did help. She feels like she can breathe again. Of course, she can’t think too hard about why. If she does, the pit of self pity inside her might open up so wide it swallows up everything around her. What is a system like the one Cas left in place gonna do when it figures out the source of your misery is just… yourself? That you can’t even be happy with the man who fought and bled to avenge you for thirty odd years, because he’s not the man you married and he never really knew who you were in the first place. You didn’t let him. And then you grew past needing him into something all your own.
Jack is being considerate. He is letting Castiel explain himself. Instead of taking the opportunity, however, Cas finds himself gritting his teeth. There is nothing really to explain. Something terrible happened and Castiel fixed it. Against God’s suggestions. Orders. Cas isn’t sure what to call them. Jack isn’t a figurehead in the way Chuck was. He largely leaves the universe to itself, and because of that he largely leaves Cas to himself.
“A show,” said Naomi. “Your friend escaped-“
Charlie looked at him.
Castiel let the words wash over him as Charlie continued reading. Her voice was soothing and well measured. She didn’t stumble over any of the words and she adopted different voices for the different characters. There was something so calming about being read to that Castiel had never expected. It spoke to the same part of him that enjoyed praying. It felt like… being looked after.
It doesn’t make sense.
It would probably worse if Mary hadn’t immediately ceded power to Joshua, and public announcements of this had been widely broadcasted through all state communication systems. Although officially Joshua was a traitor of the state, he was still remembered among most adults as a well liked politician prior to his fall at Azazel’s hands, and the trust he’d amassed during that time had held well during that time, if only because Azazel was not well liked and Irans were not the most state positive city in the first place, unlike Invidia and Lucrum.
“Finding you charming is not a delusion I suffer from,” Billie replies. Cas supposes this is a dig at himself. Or perhaps all of them in general. However, Dean very much is, unfortunately, quite charming. Almost to excess, really. “So you can cut the color commentary. I’m not finished with all of you yet.”
“Yeah I did. And everyone got out alive,” Dean said, which was a good point. “And Zachariah has an enemy his own size to keep his eyes on.”
Castiel shook his head.
“I’m sure I can manage by myself,” Castiel said. He stood up, overbalancing slightly and swaying before righting himself. Charlie looked at him funny and Castiel did his best to look as unaffected by the sedative as he could. She didn’t look like she bought it.
“Jo. Get out,” came Dean’s muffled voice from against Castiel’s shoulder. That shut both her and Castiel up quickly. Dean looked up and glared at her. “I can tell your mom about that time you set up those beer bottles and-“
It wasn’t long until he ran into Sam, who was also helping people. He looked less affected than even Castiel did, and even in the middle of the urgency Castiel now felt he took note of it. Hallucinations didn’t much slow down Sam Winchester.
“What would be the point if it isn’t on camera?” said Naomi. Castiel breathed a sigh of relief as the scooper was set down. He tried not to look too interested in what was going on, but after hearing Inias’ name, Cas had begun to hope he might make it out of this against all odds.
“You’re not mad?”
Balthazar had been more than helpful pointing a good deal of his ‘tells’ out to him, but Cas was interested to hear exactly what Balthazar had picked up on.
“You think I won’t be fair? That I won’t keep my word, because you have broken yours so very many times,” she asks. “Well, consider this a bribe. Or leverage or whatever you need to tell yourself to stop sticking your fingers into the natural order. I’ll have my man look over your requests and we’ll come to an agreement. And then we move on. No more exceptions. No more friends in high places or low places. And when you die someday, you’ll just be gone. As far as you know. That’s the deal. Take it or leave it.”
“You drugged me with Sweet Dreams,” Castiel countered. “The unaltered version, I assume. You risked my sanity and the sanity of everyone else you’ve ever drugged with it.”
“And, uh…” Dean continues, no matter that he must be able to tell that Cas wishes he would stop. It must be written all over his face how much he does not want to hear this. But if anything that just seems to make Dean more determined. “There was… there was a second there after Jack brought you back that a part of me thought once we’d got Mom back and everything was settled, maybe you and me could. I don’t know. Like I said, I never thought about it too hard. I just knew every future I thought about, you were there. So if I’m saying now I want to give it a go, all I’m asking is that you believe me. Trust me. Because I’d really rather go another round against that crocotta than have to say this again.”
“I thought you were afraid of heights,” Cas said, because he knew pointing out Dean’s weaknesses made him uncomfortable and Castiel had chosen this place specifically because he wanted to be alone. It was the middle of the night, and he knew if he went back to his room he would have to deal with Selma or Jo or Charlie coming and finding him and asking why he wasn’t celebrating. Ira had fallen in one fell swoop, and Castiel the mastermind behind it all.
“I’m not joking. Dr. Newman didn’t have to spell it out for me to realize there might not be a way back from whatever Naomi did to me,” said Cas. “I’m getting a headache just talking to you and not trying to kill you. It’s not as bad, but as soon as the urge fades, the withdrawal symptoms are going to start.”
“I tried to tell you-“
Castiel was sure Selma wasn’t going to be very happy with him when this was over. As long as Jo was alright, Castiel supposed he didn’t mind. And he seemed to have captured her attention with this confession, because Jo was now looking directly at him. She still looked horrified, but for a different reason.
“Jack-” says Cas.
He’s gone before Mary can say anything else. There’s a mountain range some of Heaven’s residents like to frequent. Cas knows a place near the summit that usually goes undisturbed, and he decides he is just going to sit there for an eternity. Maybe in the meantime everything will just fix itself on its own.
*****
“Castiel,” said Dr. Newman when he caught sight of Castiel, gesturing for him to come over. “Dean said I gotta make sure that leg of yours is healing up. Which’d be simpler if I had any fucking equipment. Feel free to tell Dean that.”
“No dice,” Dean says gently, squeezing Jack’s hand and then letting go. Hoping Jack understands it’s not out of any kind of malice, he’s just tired. Holding his arm up takes more out of him than it should, and he wants to live a little longer. Just a little. Just to say goodbye. “Thanks for trying.”
“And this was where the children were hiding during the attack on Sanctus.”
“I don’t know what you’re implying.”
“No one wins,” Cas said, feeling the crushing weight of it fall onto his shoulders. “Then what’s the point? If all there is is anger and sadness and revenge and hopelessness, then what is the fucking point?”
“Cas, he thinks you’re dead.”
“Wanted,” Jo supplied quietly.
“Well, Castiel, the good news is you have the opportunity to make it up to us,” she said. “We found you last week and have been keeping an eye on you since.”
The long ascent down the fourteen flights of stairs from the top of Naomi’s building to the street gave Castiel plenty of time to try to figure out exactly what the plan might be. He devised a dozen schemes that might just work in his head, though he felt confidence in exactly none of them. Still, even his most far fetched idea was not a direct attack.
Warning: mild homophobia (attitudes not actions), minor character death
Dean’s expression was haunted. Cas wished he knew a way to soothe away the memories. Make them fade into something hazy and forgotten.
Castiel shouted as the cattle prod was pushed into his skin. Naomi looked back at the now much quieter Jo.
“Insurance?” asked Eileen suspiciously. Sam had already starting shaking his head.
Castiel didn’t like the spaces the resistance tended to favor. Gritty establishments that served poorly home-brewed drinks and food as likely to empty your stomach as fill it, given an almost cheerful insistence on violating health codes. He also had the tendency to stand out like a sore thumb, which meant he couldn’t even begin to relax. There was no one there that didn’t know he was a soldier just from seeing him, and people avoided him like he was the food on their plates.
It wasn’t long until sweat was streaming down his face, and he lifted an arm to wipe off where it pooled on his chin with his sleeve. The steady pounding of his feet was an excellent distraction from everything he’d rather not think about, and it was a long while before he convinced himself to loop back towards the section of Ira that the resistance had claimed for themselves.
“This is my mind,” Castiel said slowly. “Fear is not something I shy from.”
“Where are you taking us?” Charlie asked, doing her best to sound meek and frightened. One of the younger girls looked at her with some sympathy.
“That’s true,” Sam acknowledged. Selma must have told Dean she had let Castiel in on some of the Winchesters history because he didn’t look surprised to hear Castiel knew that he was once a state employee. “If it’s not immediately fatal and it doesn’t work in interrogation, why do they want to use it though? Something doesn’t sound right.”
When they got there, everyone leapt into action. Dean pulled over, and checked behind him that Benny had made it before quickly and quietly murmuring a last second set of orders to Charlie and Betty. They nodded seriously and Charlie got to work on their radio and satellite equipment, fingers flying across her portable keyboard and adjusting dials left and right. Jack sat and watched this with rapt attention verging on awe, sullenness forgotten. Jason and Betty took up position to guard Charlie while she worked. Everyone else grouped around Dean similarly defensive.
Cas looked at the bars of the cell and was less than convinced.
There was complete silence for the space of a few seconds.
“So what do we do now?” he asked. Cas looked away. He reached for a spare rag and started cleaning off his clothes as best as he could. They hadn’t actually managed to take off much clothing, and that now seemed a problem as Cas did his best to prevent any incriminating stains from his pants and shirt. He passed the rag to Dean when he had done all that could be done.
*****
Risa railed against him instantly.
“She bugged you?” he questioned, but Castiel was already on a roll, and wasn’t stopping now.
Dean winked at him and then went off to face Trisha in a wrestling match. Castiel missed the target completely on the next throw, and glared at Selma when she had the gall to giggle at him.
“Jesus, Cas, it wasn’t- C’mon,” says Dean. “Not like I never let a guy lay one on me before. You know that. You told me you know that.”
“No.”
“No. I’m just sad, Anna,” said Castiel. “You didn’t have to die.”
“Or they cut their losses,” said Charlie. “Things weren’t looking that great for us until recently. And we couldn’t spare more people. Not people who could handle the trip, anyway.”
Castiel had a few dozen acerbic responses to that lined up when he was interrupted by Dean, who had a few bruises and scrapes from whatever he had been doing while Cas had chased after Meg. There was blood on the knife he was holding.
“What?” Castiel asked flatly.
“I guess the rest of us don’t need words on paper to give a damn,” said Trisha.
Tamara grits her teeth, and just nods before sitting down completely. She hit the ground just this side of collapsing. Cas didn’t comment on it.
Castiel was cleared the day after he had woken up to leave the hospital and informed he would be reporting to Naomi as soon as possible and again in two days when he had had time to write up pertinent information. This of course meant that as soon as he was cleared to go, he had a very limited timeline to steal the medicine that Harriet needed for her cancer.
“Jo wanted to be here too, you know,” she said, tapping against the steering wheel. She chanced a glance at Cas through the mirror before returning her attention to the road and avoiding any trees that might have fallen into their path. She also made sure to favor the parts of the street that had less cracks and potholes. She still managed a decent forty miles per hour, to her credit. “She just wasn’t sure if you’d… she’s sorry.”
“You’re thinking too hard,” says Tasha, one eye peeking open. Mary pulls up her sunglasses. It’s then that they both notice Death standing over them. Watching them. Tasha closes her eye again. “Never mind, why don’t you think for the both of us until she’s gone.”
“It makes me feel sad in a way I can understand,” explained Castiel. “It puts words to grief. A Heavenly Hurt that leaves no scar. Just because you don’t think I’m hurting doesn’t mean I’m not, Trisha.”
“Well, I’d like it if you pretended you cared if I’m alive,” said Trisha. “Just as an FYI.”
They make it to the road before Dean passes out again. The older kid asks if he’s okay and Sam says yes, they’re just waiting for help now. That seems to do the trick, and the two boys stay pretty calm after that, much to Sam’s relief.
“Who is it?” he asked. Gabriel’s face appeared a moment later and Castiel put his gun back down. “Just you.”
Jo laughed.
“Corinthia and Matthew were injured, but they said to tell you they wanted to come,” he said. “Some of the others on call for reinforcements in case of any attacks-“
It wasn’t long before Cas noticed that someone was tailing them in turn. Meg. But she wasn’t exposing them for who they were. He couldn’t puzzle out why she wouldn’t, and he didn’t care to. For now it seemed she had no interest in turning them in. This being the case, the threat to Dean overwhelmed whatever instinct Cas had to protect his own person. It was an outrageous assumption to trust that, for whatever reason, Meg wasn’t going to immediately rat them out. But Cas made it, because the other option was potentially losing track of the others and never knowing what had happened to them.
After that he won a few hands in a row to the increasing annoyance of mostly Cordelia, who Castiel had a feeling was close to accusing him of cheating. The truth of the matter was that he had had a few lucky hands. He guessed she would be happy to know about the awful starting hand he had for the next round. The chances of his winning were slim if he played the cards, but this might be an interesting opportunity to play the people.
Cas swallowed a yelp when Dean nipped at his neck, and glared at Dean when the bastard flashed him a grin, before tugging Cas’ shirt up and over his head, and it was only then that Cas realized Dean had already managed to slip his coat off his shoulders. Cas let it continue, fascinated by the gleam in Dean’s eyes. It felt like something was bubbling under his skin anywhere Dean touched him.
Dean waited for Cas in ankle-deep water.
"I don't think you are. You've taken plenty of cocks in our mouth and ass. You're a sinner."
“Hi, I’m Garth. Bossman is expecting you. Come along, we don’t have all day”. The club was closed and empty, Dean was walking in semi-darkness behind the Beta. Speaking of which the bubbly man in front of him was as far from the mafia stereotype as Dean was far from the Omega ideal. The man was talking a mile a minute about the club, his mate, his job, no, correction, his day job because of course, he can’t tell Dean about his assignments in the brotherhood, sometimes even stopping to look at Dean when he wanted to make a point. He talked Dean’s ear off all the way up some stairs then down a long hallway before finally stopping at a door that had two guards stationed in front
"I haven't given you a monologue about my evil plans for world domination." He shrugged, starting towards the elevator.
“Why? The coffee served there is not to your taste.”
I will have a lot on my plate - some family issues, that paper for work is due Friday and my never-ending shifts to top it all off so I might not be able to post a chapter next week but if somehow I manage to finish one I will be very happy
I know it's been a while but I was on an Ao3 bender, reading everything the TikTok fanfic club threw at me
"You will one day.” Cas paused, placed a chaste kiss on Dean’s forehead. “Now we should take a shower. Separately. I need to get out of these pants and deal with the knot."
Dean was once again sick to his stomach. He
“There’s this concert tomorrow, it’s a band I like, The Pretty Reckless. I’m sure you haven’t heard of it”
Cas smiled and extended his hand for Dean to take. For the second time the omega felt like he was making a deal with the devil and willingly, freely, he took it.
"Sam is a good kid and he will grow into a good alpha."
“Uh... Ma’am?”
“Uhm?”
"Dad taught me. He always said I should know how to throw down. He kinda stopped training me for hunting but he never skipped teaching me how to fight alphas."
“Ugh, easy there”
“And you don’t like being in shorts around people because you’re the Angel of Temperance?” Dean asked while signing.
“Are you reading my thoughts?”
“Well, now that is illogical, I am an Angel, my grace is significantly stronger, but if that what it takes then so be it.”
Finally, lunch arrived and Dean was gleaming the menu. “I decide to be fine ‘till the end of the week” he repeated the mantra he learned from Frank Devereaux all those years before. He faked a smile towards the waitress. He ate out of habit. He ate because that was what he should do. It was called a being professional. That was the word, wasn’t it?
“No, and I don’t care about the price. You need a good quality sex toy, this shop stocks good quality products. A dildo will make your heats more comfortable and your body will get used to ah… being with an alpha.” Cas had crouched down and picked two different toys. “Hm. This one has an automatic knot, it inflates if you push the button on the remote and, uh, this one has the same mechanism but it uses a phone app. Both have vibrating functions. Which one would you prefer?” Cas showed him the toys. Dean thought they were impossibly big.
Dima evaluated him and shrugged.
“Gr- green, alpha.” Dean lifted his hips a bit, fidgeting on the already damp towel, squeezing the toy a bit too much.
“Yeah… and you were Squirrel right?”
"I'll let Balthazar know.
"Yeah, so I came to get some coffee and I went to the counter. I, erm, reached it at the same time as that omega. He asked me if I wanted a recommendation. He had an accent, like those Bond villains? Russian? German?" Dean tried to picture his Dad yelling at him so his scent could go sour and it did. "Then I heard a loud sound, I didn't know what and the guy shoved me down. I realized after a few seconds that there were gunshots. Three guys, those ones -" he pointed at the Italians' bodies - "busted in guns blazing."
Sam shifted from one foot to the other. "I… uh…. I'm sorry for the last time. I think I came off like a douche."
He never got a text back as his phone started ringing - Castiel was calling him and he scrambled to answer, dropping his phone twice in the process.
“Ok, Ok, you’ve made your point Dean. I solemnly swear to never remind you how actually old you two” She took a gulp of beer. “So when’s the wedding?
“What? Emotional? Well, guess what, so are you, you knothead. Go bend yourself in a pretzel.”
“Why are you stopped on the interstate?”
Dean cleared his throat. “I want to file for emancipation and then take custody of my brother until he turns 18. Ellen supports me in that direction.” The beta nodded her approval and backed it with words.
Dean couldn't really argue with that and daily coffees would stretch his budget too much so he took the money. They drank their coffees holding light conversations about each other's day and the plans they had for later. When they were finished Cas got up and rounded the desk to hug Dean. They both took comfort in the embrace. Eventually, they separated and when they did Cas took Dean's face in both his hands and kissed him thoroughly.
"Why don't you take Brad?" Charlie huffed
"Sure, Garth" he took the envelope and left on his skate. His entire being was on fire at the prospect of being in the same room as his alpha for the first time since the kiss.
“Cas?! CASTIEL!” Sam flung himself on the angel, pulling him in a tight, brotherly hug. “How? I thought the Empty took you, Dean said you were dead! How? What?” Sam moved his eyes from Dean to Cas and back to Dean.
Ishim tutted and finally extended his hand and brought it over Dean's wrist. He traced the omega's hand before taking the envelope.
“I need my squire!”
“You two…. you! Dean was pointing an accusing finger at them “are you talking about me? Not even behind my back tut-tut.”
“CAS! I know she can handle herself but she’d be exposed! Blaring music, alcohol, young idiotic drunk boys, dark places… If someone stabs her no one will notice! If she screams for help no one will hear. And these concert things have this tight security going in you can’t pack a gun or a blade she’d be weapon less!”
“I like this song,” Cas said.
“You now Cas… It’s usually the brother that goes after the lover to threaten them with “hurt him I will kill you” speeches not the other way around”
“IT’S VITAL Cas! You’re going in all black, it will make you look good. Or at least a darker shade of jeans. Baby blue jeans are a NO. Stay here, I’ll go get the boots and a black pair of jeans”.
“You want that too…. what?”
Dean choked on his food. “You have a paper on Russia?”
Dean wondered how long Cas was going to stay. Would he stay for good if he asked him? Dean spotted an exit off the interstate and took it. He followed the roads, choosing smaller and smaller roads until he stopped in front of a lake. They were all alone. The sun was rising slowly, the water glittering under its rays. Dean thought to himself that this wasn’t such a bad Thursday. It couldn’t be. He had the Angel of Thursday by his side, at least for now. Knowing he was alive made Dean happy. He was happy in the being.
“Well, he was in this biker group called The Vampire Pirates that kinda got… wiped out.”
"I never had any, Kevin. In my life. And some of them
“Good thing you came, Cas. There were more vamps than we anticipated. We would have been overrun. Thanks, buddy” Dean patted Cas on the back, between his shoulder blades. He left his hand there and, absent-mindedly bumped his shoulder with Cas’ in a weird, incomplete, side hug. Sam turned his head in confusion watching the awkward interaction.
“Dean? What’s wrong?”
“Dean…”
“Hello, Claire. How are you?”
The omega snickered, guessing the effect it must have had on the rutting alpha. Arousal was growing inside him as well, more slick forming and his dick filling up.
Dean picked up the pillow and threw it back on the couch.
Sam and Eileen were laying in the shade of the umbrella, chairs squished together, signing fast and giggling.
The alpha slung an arm over Dean's shoulders and they went downstairs.
“But you two are a thing now?”
“I like speaking clearly there is nothing wrong with using correct terms for actions. I would say it’s best.” Cas came closer and placed his hands on Dean’s hips. He kissed the hunter on the corner of his lips. Dean moved his head and Cas kissed him again on the lips. “How do you want to do anal sex?”
” and that was also a bust.
Cas smirked and swung his arm over Dean's shoulders, walking him to the elevator which he opened with a key card. Inside Dean had to fight the urge to climb on his alpha.
After a few more minutes Dean dared to throw a look at Sam. He was petting Eileen’s head, watching the movie, no judgment on his face. They locked eyes. Sam smiled and gave him a thumbs up. Dean nodded. They returned to the movie.
Dean kept reading the article, stumbling on the non-binary pride flag. He clicked on the link, going to that article. He realized he was doing research just like he would on any hunt. The involuntary association placed a heavy stone in his chest. He’d usually bury everything deep down and then go drinking but now he had Cas next to him. Warm, safe, constant, reliable Cas. Love of his life Cas.
“You know the True Mates provisions - he can mate you then he can take custody of both of you, it would be all done in half a day. Why go with this route since it takes much longer?”
A. So this concludes the whole Benny conflict. I wanted to play with the idea that a true mate is more or less a choice actually. You can have amazing relationships that are purely platonic and romantic relationships that start out with great attraction/chemistry that are not your forever after. So many true mates fics have a wham-bam this amazing scent solves everything shtick and I know that is how the trope works but alas, I wanted a strong bond of friendship that got confused for a romantic one. It happened to me.
“You look great, Vivian,” Zachariah beamed, “Terrific.”
Your heart aches, because you don’t know where Dean is and wonder what he is going through you do not know if he too is a prisoner.  You hope not, you hope only one of you has been accused with the Queen.  You would die a thousand deaths if it meant that Dean was safe, but you know deep down in your gut that he too will be prisoner.  He is the Queen’s brother and he will not escape the king’s fury.
You find yourself watching Dean train when you have time; he is strict not only with his own training but his brother’s to the point that their fighting is polished.  Dean will not lose his brother in the arena.
Castiel stops it before it can go any further, closes the conversation down.  Because he cannot cope with that, he won’t do it, Dean Winchester might want Castiel Novak but not in the way Castiel Novak wants Dean Winchester, because Dean Winchester is married, he has a wife and she is the only person who can have Dean Winchester’s love.
Dean interrupted the angel by grabbing the lapels of the angels trench coat and pulling him in for another kiss, when he felt the angel relax against him he let his arms drape around his shoulders feeling Cas sigh against his lips as his fingers tickled the angel’s hairline.  Dean felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest as he gently pressed soft little kisses against the angels chapped lips.
“Perhaps I should,” Dean replied and Castiel felt something tug at his heart and pushed forward determined to fight for that glimpse of love.
He is a sweet boy who showers affection but is quiet.  He sometimes asks about his father and you read him all Dean’s letters but you are heartbroken that both Samuel and Dean have lost out on these years together.  But you always tell Samuel that his father loves him and will come home.
You watch your beloved girl till she is a speck on the horizon, still screaming and wailing tears roll down your face and your heart aches.  A hacking cough rattles your chest and you can taste blood on your lips. The lumps on your neck and groin are sore and you know by tomorrow they will have become black, you know when you go to bed tonight you won’t be getting back out of it.
“Yeah but you were quite happy to send me back to a real world full of monsters alone?” Dean growled, “Or were you too busy interested in making yourself a martyr?”
Dean remembered Jimmy saying when he had been possessed by Castiel that it felt like being chained to a comet but nothing could have prepared him for the actual feeling. He felt everything, he noticed everything, everything was brighter, lighter and yet heavy at the same time.
Pain comes with love he has discovered and it is that revelation that stuns him.  He closes his eyes and can almost imagine he can hear the monks chanting from hundreds of years before.  It is because he can, he can because they live in his grace.  It is too much.
You love him and now you remember, you realise you have always been destined to be with him, because you remember, you remember it all.
There is silence between you and he looks to you and asks why you did it.  Why did you rip out your grace and choose him.  You smile and say is it not obvious, that you are in love with him.  That you could not imagine a world without Dean that everything you have done has always been because of him and for him.  How could you choose heaven when you have discovered something even better?
“Jo just doesn’t think.” Dean said angrily, but there was worry in his eyes. Castiel struggled to keep up, not saying anything.
The first time you loved him you were dazzled by his authority and splendor.   He is Pharaoh, you are his architect, he is everything despite the fact you love your wife Meg and adore your daughter Claire, the girl adores you too she looks at you like you look at Pharaoh.
Dean smiled at the angel then looked at the nativity, where the shepherds, wise men and angels surrounded the Christ child, he let his hand search for Castiel's, gently slipping his fingers into the angels, he squeezed, and "You did Cas."
Over the next few days flirty text messages are sent between each other, photos, Dean begging Cas to come visit him at his barracks that only doesn’t happen when Cas is urgently called in for work, every time they arrange something it falls through.
The air suddenly grew a little cooler as Castiel saw the guy with the sunglasses jaw clench as he looked at the floor, the guy was angry but trying his best not to show it, “No funny business, no conversations and keep your hands off!” Zach yelled pointing his finger at all of the entertainment staff but never taking his cold eyes of the guy in front of him.
Before you can reply you comrades and he looks at you sadly, he tells you that you will have to mark him if your fellow soldiers will believe that you have taught him a lesson.    You blink back tears as you watch him steady yourself.  You punch him in the stomach before hitting in the face, each strike a strike to your own heart.
For the ends of being and ideal grace.
Hester placed a hand on Castiel’s knee and he stiffened, his cheeks instantly reddening. “Maybe er I should go look for my parents,” he said awkwardly.
Castiel Novak is nine years old and has started middle school this week, he feels different already, he hasn’t been babied, he hasn’t been treated like a baby, and he goes to different classes at the sound of a tannoy, no more class in the same room.  He loves it, he loves the fact there is so many different classes such as French and design and technology, not just the usual English and maths.  There is so much knowledge and Castiel has a thirst for it all.
Dean still has a life and Cas has his, all they have to do is live them.
“What’s the Devils Gate?” Castiel asked part of him did not want to know the answer.
“Can you imagine dancing like this on the main floor?” Sam drawled as he watched Castiel watching the dancers, “Home of the family fox trot, Kellerman would close the place down first.”
“Cas, dude, you aren’t going to do anything stupid?” Dean says fearfully
Images of lying in bed with Dean fill you mind, you are going to him you are sure of it.  You are going home.  No more courts of Kings and Queens, you are going to Dean.  You raise your arms outwards to give the signal to the executioner and it is almost like flying, you hope you are going home.
With one sentence you feel the air leave your lungs and your heart seize like it has been frozen, you are being relieved of your duties as royal architect.   You feel blood rushing in your ears and you barely hear Pharaoh explaining why.  He feels too troubled knowing that if you died, Meg and Claire would suffer the anguish of losing a beloved husband and father.   Since the tunnels to his chamber have not yet started to be built he can now release you for they will employ another older architect who will redesign the tunnels.
You are still praying when they drag you outside.  It is dawn now and you know where they are marching you to.  It is where they execute those prisoners who dare to try and escape.  Both guards and prisoners watch you in silence as you continue to pray.  When you get to the poles you see that they are already chaining Dean to one pole.  His eyes meet yours and he gives a smile.
“What is it, Angel?” Sam looked concerned, spinning records on his fingers and watching his brother dancing the waltz with one of the older ladies staying at Kellermans.
It is that cynicism that berates you, you should not feel this way you are going to the New World to meet you betrothed.  He smiles and you talk of the anxiety of leaving all you have ever known.  He and his brother fought in the many wars of Europe as mercenaries and made their fortune to go to the New World.  It is another similar tale of many people who have been torn apart from these wars.   You tell him you lost your three brothers during the English wars.
“No problem,” Castiel replied, he pushed his bike closer, placing it beside a wall, “You’re in my class,”
Dean and Castiel found themselves walking back drunk after chucking out time, the night was cold and the air had made them giggly and honest as they walked back, “Been a great night,” Castiel commented laughing.
And Castiel kept going, because he believed this was because of the emotion that he had once feared.  Yes there was lust, there was desire and there was the constant addiction to be with Dean.  But there was love.
Castiel had to admit that he had a crush.  He really shouldn’t have a crush, he lamented as he watched his sister try on wigs that were like Elizabeth Taylor and Jackie Kennedy. “What do you think?” Anna asked, giggling and Castiel smiled, gently helping her tuck her hair in to one of the wigs.   It had just been one dance and all he had said to him so far was I carried a watermelon, but there was something about Dean Winchester that made him so intrigued, Castiel wasn’t the type to be swept up by silly crushes, there was something in Dean’s eyes, something in the way Dean danced, the way he moved that drew Castiel to him.
Dean Winchester was on leave then.
More like obsession with Dean Winchester.
So you watch her sleep with tears rolling down your cheeks which you do not wipe away.  In the morning you will send her away, she will scream and yell at you.  She will scream why and ask you what she has done to upset you.  She begs to be kept by your side, screaming that she needs you.
Then Castiel spoke, "I saw beyond the wall Dean, I saw the centre of your soul" his eyes were wide as if he were still in shock, which he was, because he couldn't really believe it. He wouldn't.
"I know," the angel replies, hugging his knees to his chest on the bed, his blue eyes flick up to the hunter and he raises his chin up defiantly "Why don't you end it then?"
He confronted Alastair as he was serving breakfast, minding that he didn’t do it in front of Anna. He helped pour water and pleaded with Alastair for the money so that Jo could go and see the doctor.
You start to cry then and look up at him; he looks shocked at what he has done. You cry to him that the war has changed everything.  That while he went off to war to fight for his principles, for your son you gave up some of you own.  You tell him that you never meant any of this to happen, that you love him most of all.  He yells at you that if you loved him you would have never betrayed him like this.
That was a revelation that made Castiel turn cold straight away, “Alastair!” he gasped.
Castiel blushed. He felt his heart beating in his chest as Sam and Dean both looked at him, then back at Jo. Dean knocked back his brandy and lounged his chair, staring at the ground. Sam looked to Jo, “I told him.” he coughed.
Dean cursed at the information that Cas was supplying, the angel swayed on his feet and Dean grabbed the angel's shoulder, "You're wounded?" he pointed to a blotch of blood on the Castiel's white shirt.
Dean proved himself by staying true to you for three years and your father is now satisfied, you attend church every Sunday and all the congregation can see the love between you both.  You may be young but you take everything in your stride.  If you ever do argue, it never lasts long and you often end up in bed making up.
It takes a lot for him to say that, as a disobedient child, a rebel, but a son nonetheless.  There is only one way he can stay on earth, but it means sacrificing all that he is.  Turning away from heaven, turning away from all he has known.
Castiel was grinning as he signed Becky’s shirt with some Linkin Park lyrics, when he felt someone hovering beside him, he turned to find Dean there, “Uh hi,” Dean said shuffling
But there was new hope in Jo’s face. “Dean you’re a strong partner, you can lead anybody,”
But sometimes there are moments, moments that Castiel and Dean are not sure what they are or are afraid to admit them, they flirt, they nudge each other in classes, they throw barbed comments at each other, they find themselves staring at each other, for much longer than is appropriate.  Dean stares and then smirks as if they are both sharing a secret and Castiel will try not to smirk back by biting his lip and then starts to laugh, shaking his head.
The heat in your cabin has become unbearable, the sweat making your shirts cling to your bodies and you swear you can smell his musky scent.  HE is waiting for you to speak and you do, remarkably calm despite your rapid heartbeat that you by being distant you were protecting him.  Protecting him from your desire for him.
You were friends, best friends and spent time together; it was inevitable that you would fall in love.  You loved his smile, his green eyes that flared with ambition that came with being a Boleyn.   It was when his sister arrived from France that things began to subtly change.  It came with the change of the court when the pompous Cardinal Wolsey fell and Katherine of Aragon banished.
For more information- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_Boleyn#Downfall_and_execution:_1536
Then you see the next person leave and you swear that your heart skips a beat, which for a whore is quite idiotic.  He has a black eye and a busted lip but by all the gods they are beautiful eyes and gorgeous lips.  You feel your mouth loosen as you watch him stand in front of his brother despite the fact the giant towers over him.
“Well it better not be an all-night break!” Hester sneered before turning and catching Castiel’s eyes she came to him. Castiel tried to put a polite smile on his face. “Fancy a moonlight walk?” she said softly in a different tone.  Castiel inwardly winced but felt the looks from his parents and Zachariah and nodded offering his arm to her.
Because he is so handsome he could have had any woman of the county, but he wanted you.  The shy girl with red hair, pale lips and deep blue eyes.  A rough country boy who wanted the pastor’s daughter, who hung around the church all the time just for a chance to see you.  Your father was concerned at first but could not deny you when you flew into tears at the mere mention of not being with him.
Castiel nodded, "Satisfactory."
“I dunno, people grow up I think….but I always regretted it…not doing something..” Dean mumbled swaying slightly, Castiel put a hand on his shoulder to stop him swaying before he fell down drunk, there was no way Castiel would be able to carry a soldier all the way home.
Castiel is thirteen years old and is starting to get really annoyed with the fact the same spot keeps coming back on his chin.  He tries not to squeeze it but it gets so sore, he has to and when he thinks it’s all great and will never return and the next week it’s back.  Castiel furiously scrubs his face with Clearisil, for a full five minutes before even thinking of leaving the bathroom.
Which he had.
People dancing everywhere.  But it wasn’t dancing.  But it was dancing.
"What is it Cas?" Sam asked throwing his dirty clothes on the bed.
Dean never asks for Ruby or Meg, only you.  He fights better and he and his brother are becoming legends in the arena.  Crowley is happier; because the more fights they win the more money they make him.  You hate it when Dean is in the arena and that scares you as you wonder how this Celt from Britannia has got so far under your skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” Dean replied, letting his lips hover over Castiel’s he was surprised when felt Cas kiss him again, the angel wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and pulling their bodies close.  If Dean felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest, it felt like it was going to explode with desire now as Dean let Cas kiss open his mouth and nibble on his bottom lip, gently slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth.  Dean had always wondered what Cas had learnt from the pizza delivery man and he was damned pleased he was finding out right now.
I love thee to the level of every day's
Dean cleared his throat, "So how does it feel to just being just you?"
Then there was you. And I realised that it was an all consuming fire that was both love and lust that would never burn out.
Castiel doesn’t really hang out with Dean Winchester any more, they are more like acquaintances that tease other in the odd class that they have or when they see each other around in the crowds waiting to get the bus or just out and about in time.
They are each other’s reflection, in green eyes, in blue.  Love.  Soulmates so in tune that time could pass for a long time and they are contented.  Contented to take their time , but when they move in it is in time, in synchrony.  Lips meet lips, skin touches skin.
Cause it's like you're my mirror
The vacancy that sat in my heart
"I have faith," Dean shot back stung.
Knows this was always his path.
Dean looks at you and you see the hurt in his eyes, he too has fallen for your act.  You wait for everyone to be out of sight before handing him the medicine.  He looks at you and you see him swallow before asking you why you are doing this.  You smile softly and tell him that he was once your friend and you cannot abandon him.  He shakes his head softly and tells you that wasn’t what he meant; he wants to know why you are a soldier for a Reich that hates your kind.
That had changed everything.
Reality set in the next morning.  Mildly hung-over he rang Balthazar and told him what happened, Balthazar knew the whole history of Castiel’s obsession with Dean, he didn’t really like Dean but couldn’t believe that something had happened.  But Balthazar advised caution, Dean was a soldier on leave and had a reputation of loving and leaving them and also for not being gay.
Dean does not faint, only sometimes wavering but he digs into the ground defiantly.  At the end of the day they are allowed water before being locked back in their cabins.  The commander of the camp orders that the new prisoners are to do this for the next week.  It is hot five days out of the seven and five of the prisoners collapse and later die.  Dean trudges on with a blank face, never showing any emotion to the guards and barely looking at you.
It was after he rebelled, became a fallen angel, that Castiel truly began his descent.  He had started to fall in love with Dean Winchester.  Enough to help him stop the apocalypse, willing to die for him.
It burns looking at him, burns looking in those eyes, those green eyes that burn you just by looking in to yours.  You have never known eyes like it, eyes that know exactly what you are thinking, of what you are feeling, that toying of the lip into a smirk that you know for a fact you are matching despite you biting your lip trying not to smirk again.
While Castiel studiously and carefully opened his present, Dean took the Tasmanian devil technique of ripping the paper sending it everywhere.  Sam had bought Dean a gorgeous set of knives with pearl hilts that matched his favourite gun, “Wow Sammy, thanks man, they are amazing!”
He get in the Impala, quickly switching the engine on, he can't go back into that motel room even though he knows it won't be long before he scratches the itch again. The local radio station fills the cold air and Dean stares at the window of the motel listening to the song letting the tears that blur his vision fall down his cheek.
“Of course not, Dean. You’re my friend.”
“I think so, alpha.”
“You are telling the truth, Sam”. Cas’ eyes flickered back to blue and the pressure on Sam’s chest disappeared.
The omega jumped and turned around. Cas looked horrible. He was wrapped in a fluffy purple robe, his eyes were blazing red, his face flushed, his hair was sticking in every direction even though it was wet. The musky scent of alpha arousal hit him but it was more than just arousal… Dean's brain pieced together things a little bit too slowly.
"Your skin is soft. It still hides your sin."
Sam and Eileen were still pressed close to each other, sipping beer and watching some seagulls argue over leftovers.
“See, he likes pie! There are pies in Heaven, right?”
“Agreed”.
“Dad… left money but never enough so I managed.”
“Hey. We’ve booked three rooms. Eh…two doubles and a single.” Dean smiled as he leaned on the counter. “It’s under the name Winchester. Dean Winchester”. He leaned a bit too much over the counter, smiled a bit too wide, and that did not go unnoticed by Cas.
“I’ve never seen him frown so hard” Eileen laughed back.
still need this paper. I don’t think Cas can help, why on Earth would he know about the fucking Russian Empire?” Sam lamented, putting his hands on the side of his head and dramatically slamming his head on the table.
to spot a tail. He decided to wait to talk to Sam about things before going to Gabriel about everything. He texted his brother. He got back more pictures from DC, mostly selfies with Jessica than actual DC landmarks, and found out they were due back around 8 pm and Dean should pick him up.
“You were pressed together. Didn’t seem like anything
“What does your biological sex have to do with applying sunscreen?” Cas tilted his head, “you are just as exposed to the damaging effects of UV light as females. You need to put on sunscreen, Dean.”
Jenny shrugged. “So what did the other shooters do?”
Charlie looked at him for a long time. “Thank you for telling me, Dean but… as another iconic character answered, I am no Jedi. I’m sorry but I’m not backing down. I am safe. I just hack their systems, stalk on social media, sleuth from a distance. They’ll never know it’s me.”
and he typed.
Uriel and Hannah laughed but Balthazar fixed them with a death glare. "That leader might overhear you, Zach. Dean, have a seat. The Avtoritet will join us momentarily." The smile fell from Zachariah's face. Dean nodded a thank you to Balthazar. "This -" Balthazar gestured toward the brunette beta "- is Meg, our nurse, and flaying specialist and this is Yelena, tactical operations."
Dean opened the door to the motel and was instantly tackled by Sam. His brother's familiar scent had a calming effect and they piled on the floor scenting each other.
“Yes, Alpha”
Dean paid for what they've already chosen and he made his way to the box to rummage a bit. He didn't find anything worth buying so they left.
"I am
"Let's do that". Dean flipped it to desserts.
The omega got up and began gathering their things as well as getting the duffle bags. His foggy brain worked out a plan, he was going to make it, damn it, but they had to leave tonight.
“I haven’t seen Benny in months,” Charlie added. Becky and Kevin both nodded and agreed.
“Yeah, you solve puzzles and riddles to get out”.
The woman looked like someone slapped her but managed to open her mouth to form words. “How dare you? I am a God-fearing woman and I abide by His rules. I…”
“No, it’s not. It’s not that small!” He looked between his chosen dildo, the ones in Cas’ hand and at the alpha. “Oh… OH!” He looked between the dildos and Cas again, realisation hitting him. The alpha raised his eyebrow. “Shit. Really?” Dean breathed out.
Dean kept at it, stroking himself urgently, and when he was almost on the edge Cas’ voice brought him back. “Stop touching your cock” Dean released it with a small moan of protest. “Fret not, sweet boy, I’ll take care of you.” The alpha’s voice rumbled from the other side.
Castiel looked at Dean for a long time, as if he could read his souls. Eventually he broke the silence.
"You enjoy driving."
“Oh, and he… left you alone. That’s awesome. Brad had me skype with him the whole time… it was not pleasant for me.” Becky worried at the hem of her blouse.
a week away. I guess…playing with the mating gland, sleeping with you in my arms when we're so strongly scent bonded… sped things up a bit. You smell so intoxicating to me." Cas took a moment to centre himself, closing his eyes and covering his mouth and nose with his hand. "You need to leave," he repeated
Clinking aimlessly he ended up on a page explaining various flags and their meanings.
“So I want to help you”
Cas embraced Dean. He caught his lips and started kissing slowly. Dean reached for the tie and started undressing Cas, wanting nothing more than to be completely glued to the Angel’s body. Anything to stop talking about feelings. They stumbled to the bed, throwing bits and pieces of clothing on the way, littering the floor. They dropped on the bed completely naked and Cas straddled Dean, pinning him on the bed, kissing with fervor, worshiping with his lips every inch of skin between the corner of his lips and his collarbone. Dean was melting away from pleasure whispering Cas’ name like a prayer. Cas moved back up, caught his breath and smiled.
but every time he thought there was a moment he just waited so long, dry throat and cracked voice that the moment faded as the conversation moved along. Dean felt Cas’ hand stroking his thigh fondly, reassuringly, and Dean knew Cas had his back.
“Fine, spend an hour picking flour. I’ll just… be on my phone.” Dean could hear the noises of an arcade game opening.
"The age of consent is 16. I can get mated but I can't have hickeys? How does that work, sir?"
They moved to the flannel rack, looking at a sea of red, black, maroon, and blue. Claire shoved a blue and white plaid shirt at Cas.
“Of course.” Dean agreed immediately.
“Hello, Sam. How was your run?”
After work, Cas took him to Tolstyy Chlen for dinner and they had a good time. Dean tried new dishes and they talked about politics, economics, nature, and everything in between. In the end, Cas gifted him an e-book reader complete with some of Dean’s favorites and quite a lot of recommendations from Cas, including Russian authors like Tolstoy. Dean was very happy with his gift.
“I used to go running for about 30 minutes in the mornings and I had 2 training sessions for fencing per week. I also practiced daily at home for about one hour.”
“Yeah, really, he was...uhm...naseous?”
Target 1, Mario Vincenzo, accompanied by target 2, Luciani Colombo, both alphas. Dean had his eyes glued on the screen, chewing a pen, trying to map their movements in the small space by scent and shadows. As he expected the two sat at the far end, at the last table, and ordered coffee. Tom Sawyer immediately jumped into action, speaking in Italian with the two. Dean was almost done with the shrimp pasta when target 3, Andreea Moretti, a beta joined the others. All three went to the small kitchen and did not return by the time Dean was finished with dessert and was drinking his second extra coffee. He didn't see Tom Sawyer either. He was startled when the door was opened forcefully by a delivery man carrying a heavy crate with tomatoes. It was the restaurant's restock order. Another delivery man entered carrying a crate of lettuce. Dean frowned. He knew the supplies were brought through the front because of the buildings' interior courtyard that was for the residents - there was a door from the residential stairwell. But the three and Tom Sawyer hadn't come back. They were sitting in the kitchen? Or...could it be…? Huckleberry came then to ask him if he wanted anything else.
"Sorry, sir. I was saying that current intel suggests that there are at least 3 known members at the restaurant at all times, all staff. Some customers are also members so that number may vary."
“I missed your body, your taste, Cas. I…. don’t know what it is about it, you just smell like wildflowers and mountains and taste sweet ...buddy I’ve never enjoyed kissing someone this much.”
“That is funny coming from the guy that has been eating alone for two weeks. So, new kid, what gives?”
“Sure thing” Charlie answered.
“Yes.”
The night was slowly descending when the four men finally left. Dean managed to slip away undetected. He couldn’t be happier to see his car. His skin was itching underneath the paste. He grabbed the wet wipes from the glove compartment to wipe some of the paste but what he really needed was a shower so he ignited the car and left for Heaven.
"Yeah, now release me."
"I know, Cas. But Dad will search for us there when he finishes his hunt."
“Sounds good to us”
Sure enough 20 minutes later they were at their destination. Sam pretended to be awakened by Castiel. Dean had gone to secure rooms. He came back with two keys.
“Get me a burger too. It’s been a long day. Thanks for going to get food.”
” Dean tried to peel his eyes off, but then it hit him.
“Cas I’m… uhm… I thought I’m doing research like I was on any hunt and I… I’m not bad, right? Dad… Dad used to say gays are just future demons and I’m….” Dean turned his head and locked his eyes in the blue ones.
“What can I do for you, cher?”
Breakfast came and they ate in comfortable silence.
“I feel bad leaving her with him.” Dean kept throwing looks behind him at the cafe.
And so, after school, Dean and Sam were waiting for Cas and Ellen in the lobby of
“Good evening, sir. What can I do for you today?”
"I was down here next to the counter so I couldn't see well. I just saw the three guys drop dead, one by one."
“I made pancakes from scratch and you’re munching on plywood.”
“Then let me show you the map, our territory, and my lieutenants.” They spent a few hours in the conference room going through every inch of his territory, the businesses he owned, and talked about the lieutenants running them. Dean noted the garage he stopped at was inside the borders but Castiel did not mention it.
Dean’s mouth fell slack. Cas continued “You chose that movie and you saw Sam thought nothing about it. And you let me cuddled you. It’s progress. You’ll get there. I meant when I said I’m not giving you an ultimatum. But… and there is a but and it’s not your fine ass”, Cas smiled again “I am a bit upset with you for that “you should go back to heaven”, for a moment I thought you were breaking up with me and I will be withholding anal sex until further notice.”
"About bruises?"
"Have you heard anything from him?"
"Hi, Dean! Hello Mr Moore!" Sam chirped, Jessica just waved at them. They made small talk about their trip and Dean eventually gathered Sam in the car. His younger brother kept revisiting his trip, looking at pictures and texting Jessica.
“So…Uhm…I’m not….I’m not praying to you, Cas, to laugh about…angel-less days. Although all my days are angel-less now, I guess because well, you’re….you know, you’re dead.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. Why was it so hard to say it, especially to a dead guy who would never actually hear it?
"The bruising on your neck - you must cover it up."
“It’s a good profession. Have you thought about a branch yet?” Cas took another sip of his coffee.
“I’m under the blanket, Cas”
“What for?”
, alone."
“I had to leave the motel and now I’m sleeping in my car with Sam. I called Dad but he didn’t answer and didn’t call me back. I think Cas will help me but he can’t while in rut so…”
“Listen about… me”
“Well I am happy Jack interfered there! And you came to see us!” Sam was all smiles and sunshine.
“I’d like that very much, alpha.” Dean was proud of himself when he eyed the hickey. It would be visible in any dress shirt Cas could wear
“It’s the dude-shaped thing, isn’t it?”
Back home he kept ignoring Sam despite the young alpha’s attempts at talking him up.
"Nothing new"
“We are highly compatible as a mating pair - I mean biologically speaking - both of us react to each other's scents by relaxing. Apart from that you are much younger and I am a mature alpha - the pheromones I give out are stronger than a 19-year-old’s and at the same time your olfactory cortex and your prefrontal one are still developing and at your age and right now they are the most susceptible to pheromones. Sensitivity to pheromones is weakest in the unpresented then it starts raising up, it peaks at about 17-19 then it stabilizes at a lower level for most of one’s life. You’ll probably form a scent bond with me before I form one with you. Your Omega scent and pheromones on the other had are stronger then those of an Alpha of the same age - an omega's scent matures faster.“
“Dean… honey…. I… I am…” Cas took a few deep breaths. “
“I am still the boss, Crowley.”
“When have I done things the right way?”
“You saw my ruble. And you were right, I'm, erm, riding with the Russians.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck.
"Okay," Dean got up and mussed Cas' hair. The alpha followed and handed Dean the key-card to the house and the keys to his car.
“Huh? Yeah, sure, why? What’s wrong?”
“Not really. I don’t read your mind Dean, I just suppress the nightmares”
“No, we’re staying in a basement apartment, Ellen has the lease.”
"I haven't figured out a pattern,” Dean cleared his throat. “I've only had… two? Yeah, two. Late bloomer, I presented at 16. The week before was shit, Dad was sure I'd present as a late alpha but uhm… surprise!" Dean advanced another inch.
“You are so dorky, Cas.” Dean sighed with a soft smile on his face. Underneath the table, he brushed his fingers on Cas’ thigh, halfway between his knees and his pelvis. He felt Cas react to the touch. Across the table, Sam didn’t seem to notice anything.
“Hello, officer, well, you see, uhm…” Dean stuttered to find a plausible excuse. “My friend wasn’t feeling very well and I, uhm, stopped to make sure he is fine”
“So, tell me… any alpha in your life Dean?”
“My mum died when I was 4 and Sammy was 6 months old. It was a house fire. Dad gave Sammy to me, told me to run and he went after mum. He didn’t get to her in time. The firemen got him out. Well… Dad swears there was a man with yellow eyes in the house that night. He thinks that man started the fire. Dad became a bounty hunter to search for him,
“Damn, Dean, ego much?”
“Fuck, Cas, the things you do to me with just your voice.”
yet. All in due time."
“Dean?”
“Dean, you don’t have to do this alone” Becky reached out to him, to run a soothing hand over his arm.
“Going for a swim?” Eileen signed to Cas when he was close enough
"Fine."
“I was caught up with heavenly duties. Jack needed my help restoring Heaven and understanding some more complex Angel relationships. Dean prayed to me and I came down, yes.”
“I can’t do anything about that. Only people that listen to Beyonce can go to Heaven” Cas whispered back.
"Lemme… find my bag first." Dean moved his eyes around. He couldn’t remember what happened to it after Gabriel pushed him down.
Eventually Dean ate the entire thing while Cas held it. They stopped at a trash can to throw the stick and Dean was trying to clean his face with wet wipes. He’d refused any help from Cas, saying it was fun to get it off.
ol boaluahe
"Dean… this song is about…". The alpha hesitated.
“Now….boots. What’s your shoe size?” Cas answered and asked why so Claire continued. “You need boots, the Oxfords don’t work with all… this. ” Claire gestured at Cas’s outfit. “Oh… what shade of blue are the jeans?”
“Can you get one of those… scent blocking door draft stoppers? For, erm, for your room?”
“Yes. I trust her.”
Dean let his face fall in fake shock. “Oh… I…. The dude saved my life.”
“Ugh, don’t make me slick again, you bastard.”
Dean considered telling the alpha off for ordering him around but he took a few breaths and read the text again. All in all, it came from Cas caring and he was right.
“Becky wanted to come and buy the dress for the Spring Fling dance. She found a nice one.”
“I didn’t mean it, babe.” Dean smiled but he was rolling his eyes internally. “Finish your breakfast, Sammy, we gotta get going.”
"I think you achieved it." Dean took his phone out for a picture.
"Well, we should be going home. Mama is making dumplings. Want to join us?"
“Dean, why?”
Dean knew that auto-shop and salvage yard from his first virtual tour of Cas’ empire. It was a front for car stealing and it was run by Boris, a man Dean didn’t get to meet. In the salvage yard, the Russians had a chop shop.
“You’re taking me back to the restaurant.”
Cas’ brow furrowed in confusion. “You do realize Jack sees the two of us as his parents, right? And now it seems Claire also does that. So yes, we’re parental figures.”
Dean hurried over to the supply closet that was on an adjacent hallway, overjoyed to find it unlocked. He gathered the floor detergent and a mop, snagging the "out of order" sign on his way out. Benny was just telling off some Freshmen when Dean rounded the corner. They stuck the “out of order” sign haphazardly on the door and went inside. The smell was worse than Dean thought and for half a second he panicked at the thought that he went inside
"I always am".
“The records he asked for.”
“You on top. That means you pe… penetrating me, Cas. I’m the bottom” Dean rasped against Cas’ lips.
The landlady was waiting for them at the stairs that went down towards the apartment. She was a no-nonsense looking beta with short black hair and hawk-like eyes that were at the moment trained on Dean.
“Did you…. I mean…” Dean was afraid
“What’s with the fashion statement? I thought you were into flannel.”
“Becky is all about true mates shit. She keeps bombarding me with so-called facts as if it’s not just a myth. I actually looked this one up - apparently, if the alpha is legally an adult, if they claim an underage omega they get custody from the parents. How fucked up is that? And she suggested you do it on me.” Dean shook his head
“They ARE” Sam replied, adding some suggestive emojis
Charlie slammed a hand on the table, making them all jump.
“Come closer, and lean a bit”
Cas chuckled deeply. “No, no, no… I am giving him to Meg and Yelena. Now get your nice ass off my car and in the passenger's seat.”
“Yes”
"I, erm, had an argument with Sam."
“Haha. Thin walls? Just remember, don’t tell Dean you know. He needs to tell you this himself”
“What, no nicknames for him? How is that fair?”
"Well then… shall we?" Cas gestured forward and they all went to the elevator, riding it up to the 19th floor.
Dean pushed the guy against the wall growling, eyes omega-gold in his anger, his inner wolf chanting
” I want bacon and eggs and pancakes with honey and blueberry jam and uhm coffee, black. Thanks”
"Speaking of which…have you had the chance to think about moving as I asked?"
“I’m sorry, ok? I was an asshole.”
"I want to be there too."
“Yes”
“Well… how can I say no to that? Come on, kit, let me show you the place.”
"Oh, uhm" Dean rubbed the back of his neck again.
"You didn't get off, let me"
“I’m peachy, Cas”. Dean licked his lips then kissed Cas lightly. Cas rewarded Dean with a gummy smile.
A rush of panic shot through him. His name? What fake ID did he have in his wallet?
“Bye, Cas.”
"You keep assuming he's 17." With that Dean closed the door leaving the bewildered beta behind to ponder what Dean meant.
“I can’t tell you Dean’s secrets, he confided in me.”
“Hell no, Cas! I am NOT putting cream on me like a girl”
“A lot of them, yes. Judgemental bastards that made the society a really shitty place to live in.”
“Mary Winchester,” he says. Billie nods, starting to write the name in a small golden book that appears in her hands. Before she can set pen to paper however-
“Hey,” says Dean. Which is certainly a way to break the silence. Not one Cas would have chosen, but a way. When Cas doesn’t say anything Dean grimaces and looks up at the ceiling. “So, uh, no use pretending I don’t know why you’re pissed at me, huh?”
And that was all well and good, but Dean did not get low to the ground. He tried, but the radio up to Claire didn’t work if it wasn’t at a certain height, and he needed to keep communicating with her if they wanted any chance of her restarting the security system. She had just gotten into the building, and told them it was already starting to fill with smoke. She was worried the electricity was gonna go soon, if the fire got much worse. Cas could overhear in garbled bursts of static as Dean and Charlie led her through disabling the automatic response with occasional tips shouted across the room from Benny.
Of course, Cas knew Dean cared about him. He knew Dean loved him. He just had not really thought it was quite to that extent. Or anywhere near close, really. Because when it came down to it, what about Cas was all that worth loving?
“What do you think is going on?” Cas asked Jo quietly. Jo shrugged but looked intrigued. She’d been doing a good job as Captain, albeit for only a week. Dean had chewed her out for her hangover the first day, but since then he’d had nothing but positive things to say about her work. Not that Castiel knew this first hand, considering Dean only dealt with him through intermediaries like Jo or Selma to remind him to keep seeing Garth, which had the effect of making Castiel want to stop going to their daily meetings if only to spite Dean.
“You’re very good at compartmentalizing,” Cas said, frowning at him. “I don’t think that’s a good thing.”
“Charlie and her people, the good Dr. Newman and his family, Lydia and some of the kids, the Patels….”
MAY 9, 111 A.L. - SUPERBIA
“Like I said. You didn’t ask.”
Claire’s the one who answers the door when Sam drops off Dean at their doorstep with a broken leg and a bad attitude. Turns out he fell wrong on a ghost hunt and almost bled out while waiting for help. That, coupled with a smaller injury from a vamp hunt gone wrong a few weeks ago means Dean is off active duty until he’s healed enough to not get dead next time he comes face to face with a monster. Claire suspects, though she doesn’t say so out loud, that whatever hunt Sam and Eileen Leahy (who seems to be Sam’s new girlfriend, whenever that happened) are going on is also partly an excuse to get away from Dean’s moping.
“Oh I get it,” Dean said after a second of silence. “You’re trying to pick a fight. That’s fun. Any particular reason why?”
“God, he’s adorable,” Charlie muttered in disbelief. “Youngest soldier ever, Cas?”
Seeing Chuck again puts a bad feeling in Dean’s gut that he knows instantly isn’t entirely rational. He’d sat through Sam’s rushed explanation (and Eileen’s informative asides) as to what exactly they’d been up to the past few days and what they thought Chuck had to do with it. They think Chuck is still writing, somehow. Dean’s not so sure he agrees that the wizard is back behind the curtain.
“It won’t be an issue,” confirmed Castiel.
Still, she really, really didn’t want to be grounded.
“You’re very good at that,” Cas said. Dean rolled his eyes, but looked quietly pleased with himself. “I didn’t do anything wrong, did I?”
“Alright, over and out,” Dean said. Somehow, Castiel got boxed out of the car with Selma and Jo and ended up riding with Dean, Charlie, and Risa. Charlie was in a bad mood, for whatever reason, and was pointedly not looking at Cas. Or speaking to him. Cas tried to puzzle out why, wondering if she were really that upset by him turning down her offer to play with Crookshanks earlier. The cat was now on his lap and purring loudly, which if anything just seemed to make Charlie ignore him harder. Neither Risa nor Dean said anything about it, but Cas had no doubt they could feel it too.
“I was just…” Cas trailed off, finding himself unable to meet Dean’s eye. “I wish things were different.”
“Stop staring at me,” she finally said.
“Claire,” Cas says gently. “Maybe we should pull over.”
“But you shot me in the leg,” Castiel went on. “I think you did that because you didn’t really have the stomach to kill me. Because we’re friends, and even if I had betrayed you, that meant something.”
At this very moment, Claire was certain this was a fate worse than death. She loved Grandma Mary, she really did, but Grandpa John always looked at her oddly. Like she was a stranger. It unsettled her to the point she had started throwing tantrums when she was little to avoid having to see him. It had deeply surprised her when Dean had agreed with her demands and even avoided his dad alongside her until John had promised to be nicer to Claire.
“Imagine that a thousand times over.”
“You think I value the nebulous idea of my own happiness over what is right and wrong?” Cas asked. Benny chuckled.
When he walked into a hallway where a meeting had clearly just ended, Castiel calculated his odds of being able to kill Dean immediately. Surrounded by his captains and his mother’s most trusted advisors seemed a poor place to put the plan into action, so Castiel walked directly up to Dean who was laughing at something Charlie had said. Neither seemed to realize he was there until he was directly in front of them.
“Let’s go home,” says Jack. Kelly doesn’t move for a long while, but she gets up when he does. She follows him.
Jo reached for her shoe and pulled out what Cas recognized was one of Jess and Cordy’s improvised explosives. It was unassuming looking, and he wasn’t surprised it hadn’t been confiscated from her, even if it had been found in her shoes. It looked like a packet of gel meant to cushion feet, and Jo had likely been using it for that exact purpose, but place it in the vicinity of an open flame and it packed a punch.
“Tell him,” said Cas, and Charlie’s eyes widened. “None of you need me here. None of you trust me. All I am is an inconvenience. That’s all I’ve ever been to any of you. You said if I couldn’t see a happy ending with Dean, I should leave him. Maybe you were right. Maybe it’s best for everyone if I disappeared and let the rest of you fix the world, because I clearly don’t know how.”
“And what would you suggest?”
“No one’s reacted to Sweet Dreams the way he has. We can’t take him off it.”
“I mean, Sam’s on a hunt right now and I’m not even worried about him,” says Dean. “He’d be worse off if I was there. And I don’t want to spend the rest of my life getting in his way. What, I’m just gonna be around when Sam and Eileen get married, adopt a few corgis and call it a day? Besides, I can feel my body starting to give out on me. Maybe Chuck was the only thing holding it together all this time-”
“Just like that?” asked Castiel. “You can’t think I won’t mention what you said.”
“You can’t lie to me, Castiel,” said Anna. “And it gets worse. Because every bad thought I put in your head, every little doubt, that’s yours now Castiel. And it’ll only grow.”
“We didn’t have a thing to fix,” says Dean.
“Thank you, I’ll remember that,” Castiel said. Selma crossed her arms, but didn’t tell him off for his sarcasm. “So we’re here?”
“But neither of you ever said anything. How tragic,” said Meg. She paused, seeming to realize how she’d put it. “Sorry, that came out mean.”
“That’s nice to know,” says Kevin. He settles into the back seat, stretching out and seeming to marvel at the fact that he can feel his muscles moving. Dean remembers that. The strangeness of going from a body that isn’t a body and back into your own again. It’s almost enough to make you feel invulnerable. Dean waits until the kid’s found his seatbelt before he starts driving. “So should I get the awkward question out of the way?”
“Well, joke’s on you then, Dear Abby. Cas and I already talked about all that shit, okay? Just because I didn’t tell you about it, doesn’t mean it didn’t happen,” says Dean. Sam opens his mouth as if to question this, then closes it. He looks a little bit sorry, now, but not sorry enough for Dean to feel bad for what he’s gonna say next. “I don’t know, though, maybe you’re right. Sucking him off might have been going a little too far. He might read into that.”
“There’s a story there,” Cas commented. Charlie nodded, but stopped a moment to put down the progress of the different mini tournaments that were going on. George had just defeated Laurence in a wrestling match, while Trisha had beaten Maggie. Selma, Corbett, and Carl were throwing knives, though they seemed less competitive and more friendly with each other. Rosali was still a better shot than everyone else in the room, possibly excluding Dean.
It was a frustrating and ultimately pointless conversation as far as Castiel was concerned. Though he supposed he should be grateful that it had spared him a showdown with Gordon.
Cas returned to the cabin with Jack. He didn’t look at Charlie when he did so.
“I’m not. I mean, I wasn’t,” is Cas’ instant response. It is more than evident that Claire is not going to let him keep it at that, and although he does not want to tell her, he wants her to ask him more questions about Dean even less. “I wasn’t supposed to interfere on Earth.”
“Maybe I was just curious,” said the king with a shrug. “You look tired, Dean.”
Then again, there is something closed off in Eileen’s expression as she looks down at Puca. Like she too is drowning in private thoughts, one she doesn’t feel safe to share with him perhaps. They are friends of friends, Cas supposes. One day they might be more, but the Winchesters absence does not bond them, not really. It simply puts them on uneven footing.
“We have. You are almost universally beloved by your garrison,” said Naomi. She paused to add weight to what she said next. “Even after deserting.”
“I don’t know any better than you do,” he said grimly. “I wasn’t in a state to do much more than hold in my guts when I was taken from the others. Good thing I am the way I am, or I might have worried they were going to have me hanged.”
“Yes, ma’am,” said Cas, just to be annoying. Jo hit him in the head, which caused him to wince as he still had a rather bad headache. They both got to their feet unsteadily and Jo clutched her stomach a moment before visibly gaining control of herself and refusing to be sick.
Charlie didn’t sound glad. Castiel wondered who she could be talking about, since as far as he knew Jo had not been having sex with anyone since her latest break up with Charlie. In fact he was sure of it, as he had been spending most of his nights speaking with her and-
“But we can’t,” Cas repeated.
Cas had cooled down somewhat, by the time he made it to the river. He sat next to it, and waited until curfew passed. Let Charlie stew. If it blew the mission, Cas wasn’t in the mindset to care at the moment. It was soon after that Jack joined him, likely sent by the girls. Except Jack didn’t ask him to come back, he just sat next to Castiel, looking out at the river.
“You’re seventeen years old, and you’ve been on active duty for less than a year,” said Cas. “Forgive me if I don’t care about your opinion.”
“I have a feeling she’ll figure it out,” said Jo. “Besides… I don’t think Charlie and I are gonna work out.”
“Dean?”
“How long have I been out?” Castiel asked carefully.
It was the first time Cas felt he could really understand why people wanted this. It felt like both an emotional release and a conversation and the most strangely terrific thing he’d ever experienced. He stepped back and Dean looked back at him, almost dazed.
Sam is still staring at Dean’s lifeless body in shell shocked silence. It doesn’t make sense. He doesn’t know what to do. There are two fucking kids waiting for him to get his act together and go help them and all he can do is stare at the small puddle of blood coagulating at Dean’s feet and think most of the bleeding must have been internal. Think of Dean managing to sputter out a final few sentences, managing to say he was proud of Sam, of all things, before he’d shuddered and passed out. That Sam had hung up mid call trying to get an ambulance when he’d tried to check his brother’s pulse and just felt nothing.
“That’s probably not a good idea,” said Dorothy nonchalantly. “I hear he uses too much teeth.”
“James.”
“Trade?” Castiel asked, having not thought about exactly how the camps kept running before. Charlie nodded.
“If anything, Eileen didn’t hit you hard enough over the head,” says Dean. Sam just glowers at Chuck, but Dean’s pretty sure he’s thinking the same thing. “Especially considering what you did to her.”
“Drop it,” Jo said, looking between the two of them. Benny shrugged it off and Jo turned back to Cas. “Lemme introduce you to anyone you don’t know. That’s Jason, he’s Kevin’s cousin.”
“It doesn’t have to be that way, Castiel,” says Amara. Billie snorts, but Amara pays her no mind. Her eyes remain fast on Castiel and, despite himself, it does make him feel small. “I do… understand. The draw.”
“Took him less time to get you to turn your back on the state,” said Benny, smiling a little when he saw Cas bristle. “And none of your fucking business.”
“Do people normally think like that?”
“Aren’t you a dentist?” Cas asked when Garth was done and looking over his notes.
“You’re making your life so much harder than it has to be,” she said.
“You’re loyal,” said Anna. “I can’t tell you what that means or which side to pick. You know my choice. You have to make your own.”
“Linda,” she said quietly. “Why is Kevin here?”
“It’s no trouble,” she said. “Sam wants to make sure you don’t try to kill anyone else.”
Before Dean could respond his eyes slid over Castiel’s shoulder and widened slightly. He opened his mouth to let out a warning, but it was too late for Castiel to avoid the hand that took hold of his hair and pressed a knife to his stomach.
“You don’t need to forgive me.”
“Oh trust me,” said Meg. “She’s going to want to hear this now.”
“So not just because you want to have sex with me.”
“Did it?”
“Fancy seeing you here,” he hears himself say. Cas narrows his eyes at him in a way that tells him he’s in a world of fucking trouble, and if he weren’t so numb he might take that a little more seriously. But all he can do is take in the sight of his best friend in the world, whole and real and alive and in front of him and-
Chuck looks at Dean, but he doesn’t say it. Dean knows why. He does. Sure, he wanted a different explanation. Hoped for one so hard that he’d bothered to bring it up out loud. But all Chuck does is look at him. It’s a little hypocritical, considering. Still, Dean does actually endeavor to be a little bit better than the guy who decided a bit of puppet theater mattered more than the whole rest of the universe, his own fucking kids included.
Dean gave a short hum, his mind sluggishly trying to come up with a reply.
“So glad I taught you how to drive,” Dean hissed as Cas hair-pinned a turn onto a bumpy back road that sent Dean tumbling across the back seat. He felt around with his good hand for the seatbelt in the fold of the back seat, for once wishing Baby had the new ones that were more harness than belt.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out, his body becoming pliant goo under Cas’s tone and manhandling. “You’ve got a real rough thing going on here and it’s fucking hot.” Dean pursed his lips as Cas narrowed his eyes at him, folding. “I don’t think it was one thing if it was anything at all. Might’ve been the way I thought I was gonna show you a good time but you ended up doing me the favor. Don’t know. But I wanted to fuck you in the back seat of Baby after we left.
Cas chuckled dryly. “Honestly, I never did. She never seemed to like boys growing up. Not in the way other girls her age did. So I always sort of knew.”
Castiel ignored the first three of Dean’s “booty prayers,” as he called them. Responding to the first call seemed too obvious, as did the second. Not heeding Dean’s third call was to help him truly acclimate. He wanted Dean to get used to the thought that he might be being watched during his most intimate moments. He didn’t want to run the risk of the hunter holding back just because he thought he might be being watched. He needed Dean to be as comfortable with the thought of being looked at without truly knowing about it as much as possible.
“Blow me.”
Castiel frowned in uncertainty, his eyes searching Dean’s. He certainly seemed sincere, but there had been times before where Castiel had tried to test the waters and the hunter responded with sarcasm or a joke, road blocking his attempts. The two of them being as close as they were now, however, bolstered the angel’s confidence just enough to try again.
“I think I would like to watch you masturbate sometime, if that’s alright.”
Sam blinked and then laughed. “You better you bet!”
“Fuck! Fuck! Fuck me! Cas, Cas! Fuck me Castiel!!” Dean cried, his hips losing their rhythm and moving erratically before finally coming hard into his hand. Castiel followed soon after, his teeth clenched together tightly as he tried desperately to not make any noise, hearing Dean nearly scream his name completely undoing him as it always did.
“Fuck, so good!” Dean sighed, his hips bucking up again, precum beading out of his head and leaking onto his stomach. Castiel wanted so badly to stroke himself, to feel some of the same heat that Dean got to feel. But he didn’t dare move his hand. He wanted to come the same time Dean did, or as close to it as possible. There was no way he could do that if he started now. So he stood there, his cock twitching in his hand, silently begging for any friction.
“I know what you were saying and no, I’m fine. You didn’t answer my question.”
Cas gave Dean a look of worried exasperation and crossed to his side in just a few broad steps.
Dean grimaced and twisted the cap open on the new bottle, glaring down at the open neck. No one had tried to get into
“’m fine,” Dean mumbled. “Go back to bed Cas. You’re human now. You need sleep.”
The hand on Dean’s shoulder pulled him forward and Dean just let go. He reached out and gripped the lapels of a trench coat that by all means should have been rags by now. He pushed a knee between Cas’s and hooked his ankle over his, tangling their legs together. He nudged Cas’s jaw with his forehead and pushed his nose into the crook of the angel’s neck, his nostrils filling with a mixture of petrichor, sun-dried linens, and strong alcohol. He felt the hand on his shoulder leave only to be replaced with an arm draping across his waist. Castiel’s other hand cupped around the back of Dean’s head, nimble but powerful fingers carding through his hair. The angel’s nose nuzzled into his hair and Dean could feel his lips curve into a smile. Dean felt himself suddenly become boneless, not having realized how tense he had been. He felt Cas’s muscles relax and they melted into one another.
“I’d like to spend some time with you, if you don’t mind.”
Castiel turned his head and gave Dean a flat look, swaying a little. “I won’t be wondering why we’re at the motel instead of out hunting monsters if that’s what you’re asking.”
Castiel let out a sigh next to him. Dean felt his weight shift and a hand cup his cheek, turning his gaze towards sincere blue eyes.
“Nothing,” Dean chuckled, his brain scrambling for an out. “I just don’t think I’ve ever seen you drink so much.”
‘Such a good boy,’ Castiel thought, wishing he could actually praise Dean for handling himself so beautifully. He wanted to give Dean a reward. He pined to go over to him and plant kisses into his partner’s immaculately cut hips before sliding him into his mouth and sucking until Dean’s seed graced the back of his throat, his fingers curled almost painfully into the angel’s hair. But he controlled himself, reminding himself that watching Dean like this was what he truly wanted.
“Don’t,” Dean pleaded, wincing as it sounded like a warning to his own ears. He took in a deep, shuddery breath and ran an unsteady hand down his face. “If you’re trying to apologize, don’t. Not for that.”
Dean blinked at Cas with incredulity for a moment before laughing so hard he ended up leaning forward. This of course sent his world whirling and the next thing he knew he was doubled over face down on the mattress. He looked up when he heard the other man laughing, not trusting his ears. Cas barely even smiled, and that’s why it took Dean a moment to realize that Cas wasn’t laughing, but
“Alright, I get it! It’s complicated! Sorry I asked.”
“Your brother is infuriating,” Cas growled, sulking into a chair in the war room.
“Still, I’m glad none of them made a big deal out of it. And that they didn’t turn their noses up at Alex or anything…”
“I’ll be fine. I’ve had worse. Sam?”
“Not that. I mean, yeah, I was an idiot about that too. I should’ve known that dick wasn’t gonna keep his word. But that’s not what I’m talking about here.”
Dean swallowed and bit his lip, leaning back in for a kiss. “I might’ve been having a dream about you.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow at the flustered man.
“What did he do now?” Sam asked, not even looking up from his laptop.
talk like you don’t fucking matter!! Of course you do!
Dean had been working on one of the cars in the garage and Sam had sent Cas out to see if Dean wanted wings for dinner. They exchanged playful banter, Castiel couldn’t remember what about, until Dean turned and looked up at Cas, covered in a light sheen of sweat with engine grease smeared across his forehead. Castiel must have made a face, because Dean chuckled out a “what?” and Castiel just said it with pure affection in his voice. Dean stared at him, wide-eyed and slack-jawed, a redness starting in his cheeks and slowly creeping outward until it covered his skin from his ears to his chest. There was a tense moment before Sam wandered in, impatient and hungry, asking what was taking so long. Dean tore his eyes away from Cas and muttered something about needing a shower and that he’d eat whatever. Sam arched an eyebrow at Cas as Dean walked out of the room, and Castiel shook his head, offering to pick up the food once Sam ordered it.
Dean swallowed as Cas began trailing his kisses from Dean’s lips to his jaw and down his neck, allowing him to talk. God damn he moved fast.
Cas turned and looked at Dean, evaluating him. Dean felt his face grow hot and dropped his gaze. Coming out and making their relationship public had always been a major issue in their relationship. At first, Cas had been okay with keeping things private. He knew that if his dad, Chuck, and older brothers, Michael and Luke, knew he was in a relationship with another man, they’d not only cut him off from his inheritance, but they’d in all likelihood try to take Claire away. She was only 7 when he and Dean began seriously dating and it would have been easy for the wealthy GOP donors to pay off a judge and grant one of them custody over her. But then Chuck died 4 years after that and he started pushing Dean into coming out with him. He’d gotten his inheritance and he was sure his brothers, assholes though they still were, wouldn’t even try to start a lengthy custody battle now that Claire was in double digits. But Dean hesitated. The power Cas’s family had scared him. Even though Cas had his inheritance, Dean knew they could still ostracize him and didn’t think that was good for Claire. The compromise they came to was Cas would come out to test the waters, but their relationship would stay secret. The general reaction seemed to be begrudging acceptance as long as Cas kept quiet about it. This emboldened Cas and he and Dean had been arguing about coming out ever since. For Dean, though, it wasn’t
After sharing a particularly emotionally intimate moment in Cas’s car and getting the same maddening response, the restored angel went to Sam, complaining about Dean and his callousness.
“It might take longer than we want it to,” Dean grumbled glumly, laying back down as his body sagged under the weight of his slowly returning apathy. He felt exhausted all of a sudden.
Castiel chuckled and the warmth of it seeped through Dean. Somehow, it was the most comforting thing Cas had said the entire time.
Dean frowned at first, obviously not sure what he was supposed to be looking at. When he saw the stained pants, however, Castiel could see the wheels turn and then something click, Dean’s expression turning from realization, to sheepish, to smugness within the course of a second.
Cas broke the silence first.
“Her what?” Dean frowned, shoving his hands in his coat pockets as he looked around the room. No fireplace. No thermostat. This place wasn’t heated and the sudden blizzard the snow nymph sent their way definitely wasn’t helping.
“Fuck me, this sucks.”
“What about you?” Dean asked, a hand coming up to idly trace Cas’s ear, his lips kissing along his jaw line. “How long’ve you wanted to fuck me?”
“What I said,” Castiel went on warily, “the last time… before I… when Billie-”
“Great,” Dean mumbled as he skulked out of the store room. Maybe he’d stop by the kitchen before heading for the dungeon and pour himself a shot or three of courage. Nowhere near enough to make him forget the last time he was in there – that’d come later after everyone else was nestled snug in their beds – but enough that he could at least get near the door without flinching. He turned down a hallway that would take him to the kitchen. He paused in the doorway for a moment when he saw Beth standing at the counter by the oven humming along to the Christmas music playing over the portable radio on the counter, Miracle sitting at her feet silently begging for scraps of whatever she was making.
Dean gawked at Cas silently for a long few moments, his mind completely frozen. Cas thought he was hot. And had said it out loud. To Dean’s face. On purpose. It wasn’t some drunken confession or Freudian slip. Cas actually told him outright that he was attracted to him.
And then, there were arms around him, trying desperately to hold him together. The world crashed in on him like a wave and everything he hadn’t felt over the past three months came flooding into him at once. Cas was his only means of staying afloat in this maelstrom of emotions and Dean clung to him. He clung to him and let go.
He watched as Cas drank and drank for the longest time. He watched the angel gradually tip the jug and his head back further and further, leaning his head from side to side a few times just to make sure he hadn’t crooked his neck like Cas does when he doesn’t understand a joke. Dean started to wonder if the shine was messing with his vision more than usual when he saw Cas’s cheeks start to turn red. The next moment a large drop of liquid escaped through an opening at the corner of the angel’s mouth and Dean felt his jaw go slack. God
“You’ll watch over me?” Dean smiled sleepily, half teasing his bed partner and half asking in earnest sincerity. He’d always thought waking up to Cas watching him was one of the creepiest things ever, but now, clinging to him with his face pressed against his chest and breathing in his scent, Cas watching him while he slept sounded nice.
“No shit, Sherlock,” Dean shivered, the wind howling outside and rattling the windows in their panes. “How do we stop the storm and go gank the bitch before she gets to Sam and Jack?”
“’m fine Cas. Been way more fucked up than this and been okay.”
“Ru-ma-ki!” Beth repeated.
“How could you think you couldn’t have me you stupid son of a bitch?? You never even asked! If you’d’ve just fucking asked,” Dean sobbed into Cas’s shoulder, the grief of the past year rushing out of him.
“I could heal you now, but doing so much so suddenly will cause you to sleep. Most likely for up to 12 hours, maybe longer,” Cas said, eyebrow raised in impatience. “And, as Dean implied, we don’t know if we have that kind of time.”
And then Cas brought the jug away from his lips with a soft pop, wiping his permanently chapped lips on the sleeve of his coat. Dean went to slump back against the headboard again only to find that he hadn’t even moved in the first place. He blinked and started laughing.
“Yeah, that’s… that’s a good idea,” Dean said, blushing at the thought of Cas saying he would give him head later. Dean threw the covers aside and sat up, his bare feet resting on the cold hardwood floor.
“I tried
“That Halloween when the Samhain seal was broken. When you stubbornly insisted on saving those thousands of people. I didn’t know how to describe it at the time, but later I’d realized I wanted to make love to you afterwards.”
when I get to sit on your cock, gonna ride you so fucking hard–”
“You mean you haven’t done that already?” Dean asked, his eyebrows raised in genuine surprise.
“Dean?”
“Are we just going to drink out here on the curb or would you like to move inside?”
“God dammit Sam,” Dean murmured, leaning back in his seat and running his good hand over his face. He couldn’t bear to look and see where it all landed. He just hoped it all ended up in the floor and not on the dash. He really didn’t want to smell Sam’s upchuck every time he turned on the A/C for the next week or so. Part of him felt overwhelmingly guilty for being more worried about his car than his brother, but his rational side of him kept telling him it was fine. Sam would be fine. He’s had plenty of bumps on the head before and he was always fine. Besides, Cas was up there next to him and he knew that if things got really bad for any reason, he would pull over and patch Sam up as best as he could. Even knowing that, he reached forward and patted his brother on the back, making sure to pick his feet up off the floor just in case.
“Motherfucker! Sonofabitch!!”
Dean was ripped from his thoughts when he felt a bare arm wrap around his waist and a chest press against his back.
So after Jack left and everyone went to bed, Dean carefully, quietly grabbed two bottles and slunk off to a room he knew no one would be able to hear him sob or scream himself hoarse. He wanted to yell and take out all his bitter resentment by trashing the place. But when he got there, when he saw the back wall where the portal had opened up, where the black goo had oozed and taken his heart from him, Dean found himself instead drawn to it. He pressed his back to it, slid down, and let himself get lost in his hopelessness.
“I wish Jimmy had been here…” Cas sighed, resting his forehead in his hand, his mouth twisting for a moment and then immediately returning to neutrality with the bob of his Adam’s apple.
After what seemed like an eternity, Dean finally came down, relaxing his grip on Castiel’s hair and slumping forward, panting. God’s soldier finished swallowing and leaned back, never moving his gaze from Dean’s face.
Dean slowly realized he didn’t care about anything anymore, no matter how much he wanted or tried to force himself to. All of his music sounded like static. He would watch hours of TV or movies on his laptop without taking anything in because it didn’t matter. His memory foam mattress seemed to have a permanent imprint of him curled up on his side. When laying in his own shape got annoying he would move to the floor – a decidedly less comfortable spot, but where else was he going to lay down while his silhouette faded from the mattress? Sitting up for any period of time just wasn’t an option anymore. It was so much more comfortable to lay on the floor than sit at his desk chair. He’d just end up slumped over with his head on the desk anyway, so may as well cut out the middle man.
“Of course not,” Cas protested. “The thought has crossed my mind, but without your permission it seemed too invasive.”
“Later,” Castiel smirked. “For now, I think it prudent that we clean up and get dressed. Before Sam and Jack get here.”
Dean frowned at the door when he heard the lock tumble. How dare Sam interrupt his emotional breakdown. Only when the door opened, it wasn’t Sam.
Dean’s gaze drifted from Cas to the wall behind him as he tried to draw in breath, the world spiraling. He’d been home for three months. He’d abandoned everyone for three months, longer if you include Michael taking over. They’d all known something was wrong and tried to help him for three months, but he’d been too stubborn and caught up in finally not caring to realize what was going on. He was such a self-centered bastard.
Dean froze where he was, his eyes snapping up to see Cas shrugging off his jacket and blazer. Shit. Was Cas really going to get in bed with him so just so he could stay warm? Did he expect Dean to get naked while they were huddling for warmth? His heart stopped and leapt into his throat, his tongue darting out to wet his lips nervously as he watched the angel’s hands swiftly and delicately remove his tie.
He nodded. “Her and the car Gabriel gave her. Ben drove her home.”
feel like being watched, he’d just send Cas a dirty prayer. Whether the angel showed up or not was up to him.
“Why are we back at the motel?” Sam asked from the front seat. “Did we forget something? And why are my shoes covered in vomit?”
Sam thought for a moment and then looked around, confusion growing on his face. “Why are we at the motel?”
At some point people started trying to come in and talk to him. He knew better than to lock the door. Locked doors made people worried and he didn’t need anyone worrying about him and trying to take away his carelessness as a result. He couldn’t ever say what the conversations were about, what the other person said filtering through his mind as whomp-whomps like he was a kid from the Peanuts and the other people were adults. Sometimes the words were soothing and coddling, other times they were impatient and firm. Mostly, though, they just felt like noise. He would respond at the appropriate times, saying anything to get the person to go away and leave him to his confined freedom. He would arrange his features to make reassuring expressions and make it seem like he really was fine and just needed a little more time without feeling what he was saying. He couldn’t really feel anything anymore.
. Which meant for the first time in what felt like forever, he and Sam weren’t sharing a motel room.
“Shut the fuck up and get back down here,” Dean chuckled, pulling Cas into a tight embrace and kissing him at long last.
The next thing he heard was a heavy, wet splashing noise mixed with Sam’s coughing and retching.
“…Halloween?” Dean asked dumbly. He could feel his mind struggling with the concept. He’d felt frozen in time for so long that the idea of a specific date felt completely foreign to him. And yet… something about hearing what day it was made something click in his brain. He could feel the rusted out cogs in his brain try to move, to try and make him aware of his surroundings again.
Castiel turned with an expression someone wears when attempting to explain something to a child. Dean wasn’t sure if he should be offended by that. “Bones and muscle are simple. They’re easy to repair. Your bodies do it naturally all the time, albeit more slowly than when I do it. But this is the human brain we’re talking about. Healing it is vastly more complex than fusing two disjointed pieces of bone together. It is the central point of Sam’s nervous system, the entirety of what makes his body function. Even your best scientists still don’t understand all the nuances o-”
“He’ll be fine. I don’t think we need to worry about the sheriff either. I took a brief listen to the police scanner Sam keeps in his bag. They don’t know where we are.”
Dean groaned and moved suddenly, rolling over and reaching into his bedside table. Castiel smirked hungrily as Dean produced a bottle of lube and Dean’s favorite plug from his nightstand’s drawer. Very carefully, the angel undid his belt and fly as Dean generously lubed his fingers, the angel’s mouth hanging open in a silent “oh” when his fingers wrapped around his own aching need. Dean’s mouth mimicked his own as he eased two fingers into himself, a cry escaping his throat.
Castiel paused, his hand resting on top of their coats. Was Dean finally making an advance? No, he’d seen Dean flirt with countless women and he was never this bashful. Castiel had only been talking about their outer layers, but it made sense that less layers of clothing while under blankets would more efficiently share heat.
“Hilarious,” Dean could hear Sam’s eye roll. “I’ll be right back.”
Cas decelerated the car and drove more carefully, casting nervous glances at Sam every time they hit a big enough bump. All three of them relaxed more when they hit pavement again 10 minutes later. And then Sam threw up again.
Dean waved his hand and sent his world spinning. He thought he was going to fall for a moment and then remembered he was slouched against the headboard.
Dean paused and thought, his face dragging down into a confused frown. He sat up and wiped at his eyes, his voice small. “Numb.”
“Home sweet home,” Dean grumbled as Cas pulled into a spot between his room and Sam’s. Mercifully his nose stopped bleeding once he was able to push his sleeve against it without hitting himself in the face. His ankle hurt, but he should be okay to gimp as long as he had something to lean against. But his hand was
Castiel frowned. “You’re at your most vulnerable when you’re asleep. I’m jus-”
Castiel was about to respond when there was a pounding at the door. They both sat up, Dean paling when he heard Sam’s panicked voice from the other side.
He could hear excited voices coming from the library, but between Miracle barking and everyone speaking all at once, he couldn’t hear what anyone was saying or who was talking. Maybe Claire or Garth or someone decided to drop by as a surprise Christmas present.
“I’ll be here until that goes away,” Castiel smiled, his thumb wiping at the wetness on Dean’s cheek.
They stood in silence for a few moments, Cas stoic while the wheels turned in Dean’s head. Cas was one of the only people who made silence comfortable for Dean. Not even Lisa, his ex-wife and mother of his son, Ben, was able to do that with Dean. Cas had always been able to make Dean comfortable with silence, ever since they met almost 16 years ago at a Parents Without Partners meeting. Despite the comfort, though, something was off about Cas. It had been all night.
“I feel like I should, though,” Castiel sighed, reaching forward and taking the bottle from Dean’s hands. He heard the slosh of liquid and, for a second, was glad he finally had a drinking buddy. “You deserved to be told you’re loved properly. Not as a cowardly, last ditch effort of a dying entity.”
“Drunken orgies and societal role reversals were common.”
“It was us. Just like this. Only… only you were helping me keep warm by, uh, by…” Dean trailed off, his throat tightening. No matter how badly he wanted Cas, how long he’d waited to finally get to make his fantasies a reality, he couldn’t bring himself to say that he wanted to have sex with Cas.
“I’m sure I could swing something,” Dean half-joked. “Not to brag or anything, but she had a thing for me this one time.”
“Thanks, but I’m probably gonna have to,” he said, standing and stretching. He would not think about how he felt about Cas with Cas right there. He wouldn’t do it. He couldn’t let himself do it.
“I’m not-” Cas shook his head, his tone light.
“Okay,” he breathed out, turning the handle and heading in.
“You’re asking for it right now. And you’ll get it,” Castiel said gently. His words were like air and Dean clung to Cas tighter, pulling the source in closer to his own drowning, gasping, desperate form. He didn’t know how long he cried, but Cas cradled and spoke gently to him the entire time. At some point they ended up lying down with Dean’s face pressed against Cas’s chest, but Dean couldn’t tell who had dragged whom into that position. All that mattered was that Cas was there. Dean stayed nuzzled up to Cas long after the tears stopped, just breathing the angel in.
– and, after thinking a moment, Beth had responded that he reminded her a lot of her dad. Dean felt old when Eileen first relayed that piece of information back to him. Which, fair. He
. Dean shook his head and looked forward, trying to push whatever he just felt to the back of his mind.
“Cas,” Dean started, but Cas gently shushed him.
“So Sammy and I were working a case in the middle of bum fuck nowhere in the mountains of West Virginia. Few guys went missing up in the mountains and they were all from the same extended family. I swear to god some of them had six fingers. Anyway, it was a pretty open and shut wendigo case and we got two of the vics out alive. Turned out these fuckers were bootleggers or moonshiners or whatever you wanna call em and the head of the family – super ancient dude with like 5 teeth and a glass eye – insisted he pay us for doing our job.”
“Yo. Sammy doing okay?”
“Good, cause we really need to slow down.”
“Alright, if you’re not gonna do this whole voyeurism thing, fucking tell me,” Dean growled. “I don’t want to keep going at this solo when you’re right fucking here and ready to go.”
“I… We’re doing this back to back and I’m keeping my boxers on, understand??”
Sleep came surprisingly easy for Dean. He didn’t have his usual nightmares or flashbacks to bloody and horrible moments. He dreamed instead of strong arms, a firm grip, and hot lips doing their damndest to warm up his cold, goosebump-covered skin. Of a voice that pulsed through him like low thunder, a crooked smile that lit up his heart, dark messy hair curled into his fist, and a pair of eyes so blue they put the sky to shame.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” Dean muttered in abject horror. No way. No way could Sammy know he just fucked their best friend. Not while they were still in bed together.
“Whatchya makin?” Dean asked as he stepped into the kitchen.
“Would if I could,” Castiel sighed out, planting himself in front of Dean. “Unfortunately, I can’t. I keep thinking…”
“Room key, got it.”
After thorough experimentation, they discovered Dean loved to have his hole teased, but having a tongue inside him “
Castiel huffed out a laugh and Dean wasn’t totally sure if he got the reference or not.
“I hope you never have to,” Cas said, looking at Dean with a warm, sincere earnestness that made Dean shift and his ears prickle. He licked his lips out of nervous habit as his eyes flitted down to Cas’s before drifting back up to his eyes. Sometimes he wondered if it was actually Cas’s power that left him speechless or if it was just, well,
“Yes, of course,” Castiel chuckled, the prod not lost on him.
The room stilled as they both basked in their afterglows, the continued vibrations of the plug and Dean’s heavy breathing the only things breaking the quiet. Dean moved first, reaching behind him and turning the plug off. Castiel let his eyes linger on Dean’s spent and blissed out form panting on the bed for a few more moments before moving himself to his room to change.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked, trying to keep his voice steady. If Cas rejected him now, he didn’t know what he’d do. Cas coming in here was like a ladder being lowered down into whatever hole he had fallen into and if the angel refused him he’d be taking that ladder with him. “You said you liked it. We don’t have to talk. Just…”
Dean closed the small space between them and pressed his lips against Castiel’s, cutting off his stammering. The feeling hooked into his heart squeezed tighter and Dean needed more of it. It was the first good thing he’d felt in months and he needed more of it. There was another tug when he felt Cas return his kiss and melt into it. They sat there for a few long moments, Dean scared to move for fear of the feeling ending or the world crashing back in on him. It was Cas who moved first, his other hand coming to rest on Dean’s shoulder.
“I love you,” he stated with authority, unable to keep the hint of anxiety out of his eyes.
“Sounds like a bloodier version of Christmas.”
“I was an idiot,” Dean’s voice felt rough against his own throat as he closed his eyes and brought a hand up to cup the back of Castiel’s neck.
“Answer me,” Castiel snarled, pulling Dean up by his hair. He was by no means upset – he didn’t think he could ever be upset with Dean while he was doing that with his mouth – but his lust was certainly making him impatient and hungry for answers. He wanted to know everything about Dean’s desire. He wanted to know every fantasy, every time he made Dean’s heart skip a beat, how deep his feelings went. He wanted to possess that knowledge and keep it for his own, taking solace in the fact that Dean only felt those ways about him.
There were a few moments of tense silence before Cas spoke up again, his voice timid and quiet.
“You’re not going anywhere,” Dean teased. A truly awful idea came through his head, but instead of his normal filter catching it and keeping him from acting on it, he just let himself go with his impulses. He reached forward and grabbed at the back of Cas’s collar, trying to pull him up further on the bed. “Lay down before you fall down ya boozer.”
“You don’t have to do that,” Dean replied on autopilot. He winced and started screaming at himself in his head, but the words just spilled from his mouth. “I’m fine.”
“Dean?? Cas?? You two in there?? The snow’s knee-deep out here and the handle’s frozen shut! I can’t get the door open!”
“Son of a bitch, they ganked her,” Dean muttered to himself, laying back down. “If I wasn’t so sexed out right now, I’d be proud. They grow up so fast.”
“I’m not blind, Dean,” he quipped, satisfied that if Dean truly wasn’t interested his remark could be seen as platonic. Of course I think you’re attractive Dean. Everyone does. It’s an objective fact like Sam being tall or Rowena having red hair.
“I don’t know. I think neither of us dying would be better than that.”
“You’ve been home for three months.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and lifted himself off the sidewalk. He fished around in the deep pocket of his coat for a brief moment before handing the keys to Dean.
After lapping up the pre-cum and after Dean was sure he was going to explode, Castiel took Dean into his mouth, effortlessly deep-throating the terribly aroused man.
Dean swallowed. Slowly, painstakingly, he rolled over onto his back and sat up, leaning back against the headboard.
“Yeah, okay. Sounds nice.”
Dean just grinned and winked. “You bet.”
Castiel had to bite his lip to keep from groaning, wishing it was his tongue teasing Dean’s ass like he’s sure Dean was imagining. It took quite a bit of convincing before Dean let Cas’s mouth anywhere near his ass. Castiel hadn’t entirely understood why since seeing a twink being thoroughly licked always made Dean achingly hard when they would watch porn together looking for ideas.
“Yeah, it really was,” Dean admitted, licking his lips as he watched Cas’s. “Old timer wouldn’t take no for an answer and we didn’t wanna take his money or nothin so he gave us three growlers of that moonshine.”
“I love you too, Cas,” Dean muttered, a weight lifting off his chest. They moved together, and, as their lips connected for the first time but definitely not the last, Dean knew Cas made the right choice.
“Oh god, same,” Dean groaned. He could feel Cas’s cock hardening against him and it made his mouth water. He might not have ever sucked a dick before, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t one of his favorite fantasies.
“Hey guys?”
They’d found Beth on a vamp hunt 10 months ago. It was their first basic bones case after defeating Chuck. A nest had attacked her family’s farm. They’d found her huddled in the storm cellar of the barn clutching a shotgun with a nasty gash in her leg. She was 14, the youngest of 3. Her parents and siblings didn’t make it. Miracle was the one who heard her cry for help and wouldn’t let them leave until they found her, but Dean was the one who managed to talk her down from her panicked survival mode and convinced her not to shoot at them. He’d been the one to dress her wound to the point where it was safe to move her. They all put themselves down as her contact info at the hospital since she had nowhere to go, but Dean was the only one they ever called. Every step of her recovery, she responded the best to Dean. When they brought her back to the bunker, she’d chosen the room across the hall from Dean’s. When she’d start screaming from night terrors at 3:00 AM, Dean’s voice was the only thing that would calm her down enough to let her semi-conscious form get back to sleep. And when they suggested moving her to Jody’s place so she could be with girls closer to her own age, she only stopped having a panic attack when Dean, who was totally taken off-guard by her reaction, took her hands and assured her she didn’t have to go anywhere if she didn’t want to. Eileen had asked her why she was so attached to Dean in particular when Sam and Dean had been off in Vegas – the first time they’d done their pilgrimage in
Dean opened his eyes and looked over to the other bed where he saw Castiel sitting, watching him intently.
“Does that have anything to do with your erection at the moment? Or is this just, what do you call it… morning wood?” Castiel asked, the smallest trace of a smirk pulling at the corners of his mouth. He couldn’t help but poke a little at Dean. He felt over the moon. Dean found him attractive. He had admitted it willingly. Not only that, Dean had
Dean grinned and happily obliged, their tongues darting back and forth into each other’s open, panting mouths while they rocked together, slowly increasing the speed in sync until they both lost rhythm, their hips stuttering against one another’s. Dean came first, shooting hot strings of cum up over their hands, crying out with Cas’s name. Castiel followed seconds later, cumming so much Dean thought it put porn stars to shame, biting into Dean’s shoulder and letting out a low, choked moan.
Dean growled in frustration after a while and pulled Cas up gently by his hair, running his tongue over the wet, chapped lips before diving into his mouth as far as Cas would let him. The hand that wasn’t in Cas’s hair slowly, almost timidly, began to move down. It ran over his firm arms, his toned chest, down his taught stomach, only to come back up to gently roll a nipple. Cas groaned into Dean’s mouth at that and shifted, angling them so he was looming over Dean.
Dean just looked up at him and leaned back in his chair. “You better.”
“Cook him a strip or two of unsauced. Dog as good as him deserves a Christmas treat.
“I thought nymphs were supposed to be all about parties and orgies! What’s with the livestock slaughter?” he asked, turning to an equally frustrated looking Castiel.
Dean shifted, tearing his eyes away from Cas’s scrutinizing and questioning gaze, glad that his face was already flushed from the cold.
“Can’t wait to hear how you iced the nymph,” Dean spoke up, his voice and nerves steady knowing that Cas was by his side. And that Sammy couldn’t get close enough to any of the windows to look in.
“So, uh… thanks. And I would appreciate it if you never mentioned this again, okay?” Dean turned to glance between his legs and was greeted with empty space. He sat there for a moment, taking in everything that just happened. Quickly shoving it all to the back of his mind, he got up and put his “tools” away, putting his pants back on before flopping back onto the bed. He picked up the remote and switched the TV on, grimacing as an old repeat of “Touched by an Angel” flickered to life on the screen. Dean hit the off button, sighing and covering his face with his hands, able to smell a mix of the lotion and Castiel’s hair on them.
The fourth “booty prayer” came one dull and rainy afternoon. Castiel sat in the library reading a book Dean had lent him while Sam tried to teach Jack how to play poker at the war room’s table. He heard Dean’s voice husky with want echo through his mind, pulling him away from Vonnegut’s words. He pursed his lips and glanced into the war room, making sure that Jack and Sam were focused on their cards before quietly slipping out of the room and down the hallway. Once he rounded a corner, he willed himself directly into Dean’s room, being sure to make himself invisible. The sight before him was better than he ever imagined.
“Just wait until Christmas,” Dean smirked. “We’ll really celebrate then.”
“Didn’t exactly have the time to,” Sam shrugged Dean off and sat back, letting his head hang over the back of the seat.
“No you’re not,” Castiel reassured Dean gently, his voice cracking. His hands moved soothingly over the hunter’s back and his head nudged in against Dean’s. “This isn’t your fault.”
“Remember the sheriff?” Dean asked, hoping that might jog Sam’s memory, even though he knew it wouldn’t.
“This from the guy who watches me sleep,” Dean remarked, taking another sip of beer.
Castiel watched with his lip tucked between his teeth as Dean slowly opened himself, whining and squirming over his sheets, his hand rubbing against the coarse fabric in earnest. Dean’s hips bucked up suddenly and Cas knew Dean had brushed against his sensitive prostate. Watching Dean undo himself was something he’d always wanted to see, something Castiel had fantasized about for years, and the reality was so much better than anything he had ever imagined. What he hadn’t realized was how frustrating it would be to stay silent and invisible, to not touch Dean and tell him how unspeakably beautiful he was in the throes of passion. Castiel felt as though he always had a great deal of self-control, but he could feel that control reaching its limit now watching Dean as he fucked his slicked fingers in and out of his pliant and willing ass, his moans turning into gasped words of pleasure.
Castiel frowned in confusion, concern returning to his features. “Do you not remember all of us bringing you home?”
There were times when he’d pass the garage on his rare outings. Sometimes he’d just stand in the doorway and stare at her for a few moments, aching for the days when he could care about her before moving back to his room. On rare occasions when he got tired of being in his bed and his back complained about being on the floor, he’d slide into the back seat of the Impala. He’d lay there with his hand running over the leather as he stared at the back of the front seat or the carpeted floor or the smooth tan ceiling, the scents the car had collected over the years folding over him. They brought back memories of when he’d almost fallen down similar holes. But those times he’d always had something to keep him hanging onto the edge, even if it was just with the tips of his fingernails. Rarely, he thought about starting her up, laying back down, and letting her take his hollow shell. He’d never do it. Outside of suicide not being the Winchester way, the garage was too big and someone would definitely hear the car running. But sometimes it was reassuring thinking that if he wanted to, he could.
Dean opened his eyes and looked at Cas with a confused need. The feeling was fading and Dean leaned back in to try and bring it back, but Cas pulled away.
He curled his arms around the motel’s cheap, flat pillow and held it to himself, trying to use it to hold in everything that was threatening to burst forth from his straining emotional dam. How could he have been so reckless and stupid? He called Cas in to help with a case and now it was done. Of course Cas left after that. He probably imagined that unnamed look and the way the idiot’s eyes shone when he looked at him. Those smiles weren’t ones of real affection, just feigned until he appeased Dean enough to make sure he was safe so he could go do whatever he did when he flew off. Why had he thought being drunk was enough of an excuse to let his guard down like that? Cas probably didn’t even–
. He was giggling so hard that his upper lip curled up to show his gumline, his nose scrunched up, and his eyes crinkled at their corners. He was adorable and Dean could feel his heart leap back up into his throat. The feeling made him laugh harder and he just had to say something about the angel.
“Believe me, not all of them were. But they would never be so uncouth as to make a scene of public homophobia or ruin a social event.”
“Cas!” Dean choked out, his fingers latching onto Castiel’s shoulder blades. There was no way this would be enough friction to get him off, but it was still enough to make his head spin. And if Cas kept talking like that… Dean didn’t know what would happen, but he knew it made his knees weak and his heart flutter in excitement. He had to change the subject.
“You can sleep. It’s okay,” he felt Cas’s voice quietly rumble through him like thunder on the horizon. “I’ll keep you safe.”
“Quite frankly, I’m surprised you even have that rule considering your track record with friends.”
Dean was pulled from his thoughts when he felt Cas’s hand on his shoulder and suddenly found himself facing the angel. He swallowed and pursed his tongue between his lips, his eyes trailing down to Cas’s perpetually chapped ones before wandering back up to his eyes. The look Cas was giving him before he stood up was back and Dean averted his eyes, choosing to settle on Cas’s eyebrows.
Castiel watched apprehensively as Dean paused, a beer bottle half raised to his lips. They were settled in Dean’s bed for movie night, Dean’s laptop resting at the foot with an old Western playing.
“Come in,” Dean heard himself say, his flat tone sounding unfamiliar to his own ears. He didn’t even bother to look up when the door opened, his eyes remaining fixed on the wall in front of him. He heard a heavy sigh he recognized as Cas’s and silently agreed.
“Very much so. I would like to do it again sometime. But I understand if you’d like to return to having regular intercourse,” Castiel replied sincerely, turning to follow Dean with his eyes. “The entire time, all I wanted to do was to praise you and touch you. I don’t think you truly appreciate just how tempting you are.”
“Dude, you are so wasted! Look at your face!”
“Does that happen often?” Castiel asked between kisses, their lips brushing together.
“Are you alright to walk?” Castiel asked, turning back to Sam. “I’d prefer to do this inside as you’re likely to fall asleep immediately.”
“Shut up!” Dean snarled, disgust dripping off every word. “Don’t you
It had been almost two weeks since Dean pulled a Lazarus and he still hadn’t gotten a chance to thumb through the latest issue of “Busty Asian Beauties” he took from the convenience store. He hadn’t had a chance between catching up with Sam and Bobby, working a couple of cases, and finding out as much as he could about the angel Castiel; which, to no one’s surprise, wasn’t a hell of a lot. Now was his golden opportunity, though. Sam would be gone for at least a half an hour, giving Dean more than plenty of time to become reacquainted with his body.
them to be there, which is why he was looking in the wrong spot. He didn’t want to go back in there.
Dean Winchester let out a heavy sigh as he sat down on the single bed, looking around the cheap motel room. He and Sam had checked in about 10 minutes ago. Almost immediately after unpacking his few belongings, the younger Winchester brother announced that he was starving and took the Impala out in search of some late night take out, leaving Dean to his own devices. They currently weren’t working a case, so Dean had no research to do. However, that didn’t stop him from taking some choice reading material and a bottle of lotion out from the bottom of his duffle bag.
Cas giggled more and complied, scooching up until he was level with Dean, their knees knocking against each other’s and their arms pressed together.
The angel watched rapt as Dean’s wandering hand moved lower, skirting around his now flushed head and gently scratching up and down the inside of his thighs. Dean removed his fingers from his mouth with a small wet popping noise and nudged the thong aside with a slick finger, circling and prodding at his hole.
After taking a moment to collect himself, Dean looked at the clock on the bedside table while casually slipping his boxers back on. To his surprise only 15 minutes had passed since he broke open the magazine. Still breathing heavily and, and avoiding looking at his first gay experience, Dean awkwardly tried to end this whole thing before he was asked to return any favors.
“Uh, right. I should’ve known… Guess the cold is numbing my brain or something,” Dean muttered, shaking his head. He sat on the edge of the bed and started undoing his laces, kicking his boots off before swinging his legs up onto the mattress and tucking them under the covers.
Dean had said, avoiding eye contact while his ears turned red.
Dean looked right now. The sight before him was so sinfully perfect he was tempted to reach into his pocket and take a picture with his phone so he could come back to it over and over. But that wasn’t part of what they had discussed so Cas just licked his lips and stroked himself at Dean’s pace, wishing the hunter would move his hand faster.
Dean blinked again, not really sure where to start. A guilty look flashed over the angel’s features, the expression Cas always had when he thought he’d said too much.
Cas nodded, having heard as much from Amelia earlier that night. Dean knew that was an end to that conversation.
Dean dared to lock eyes with his friend again and was struck by just how open Cas looked. How content and vulnerable he was. Dean’s first instinct was, as it had always been, to pull away from that emotional vulnerability. From the chance of making himself vulnerable to another person only to have them ripped away from him either through death or them walking out on him. But he didn’t do that this time. He held Cas’s gaze. He tried to return the nameless look Cas gave him all those times, tried to match the warmth behind those shimmering, unspeakably blue eyes. But he felt so warm and comfortable and his eyelids felt so heavy that he wasn’t sure if he could.
“Agreed.”
. “We would have to persuade Amara as well.”
“Is that what you like? Innocence? Because I’m afraid you’ll have to get it somewhere else,” Castiel hissed and ground his hips down as Dean bit into his chest. It pinched and stung, but it felt so
“Don’t,” he protested, wiping at his eyes as he settled back against the wall. “I can’t talk about… Not right now.”
“As though you’re one to talk,” Cas giggled back. An expression passed over his features that Dean had seen before but had never been able to place. The next moment Castiel was standing and swaying, jug in hand.
Castiel squinted his eyes at the hunter, ready to leap across the table and either hurt the smug bastard or kiss him. “
Dean licked his lips anxiously, knowing this was going to be a touchy subject.
“Are you alright?” Castiel asked earnestly. He was surprised when Dean fell asleep so quickly and easily, never having known him to calm so effortlessly. He was even more surprised when the hunter rolled over and snuggled into him, wrapping his arm around his shoulders and their foreheads nuzzled together. Not that he was complaining at all. He’d wanted to hold and be held by Dean like this for years. Castiel relished every moment in Dean’s proximity, his eyes never leaving Dean’s peaceful, content expression as the hours eked by.
‘God, how self-absorbed can I get?’ Dean chided himself. He was being selfish. Of course Cas would look at Sam first. He was the one with the worse injury. And he was right there next to him in the passenger seat. He was closer. It made sense that the angel would treat Sam first. But that didn’t stop the feeling from growing or from Dean’s throat from tightening when Cas leaned in, his face inches away from Sam’s. Dean knew the squinty-eyed look Cas was giving his brother. He’d seen it before, usually when Cas was buried in a text or was trying to figure out some joke Dean had made. He was studying Sam, trying to figure out what was going on.
Castiel licked his lips and felt his dick stir in his pants, knowing what Dean was fantasizing about. The hunter always loved to tease himself just like this while sucking off Castiel. He said it made him hot, wanted the angel even more. Sometimes Castiel’s moans and praise would be too much and Dean would reach down and begin pleasuring himself and those were the times Castiel had to bind his wrists behind him. Not that Dean ever minded.
“Like I said, keeping my underwear on.”
“Guess that’s why he looks so hungry.”
Dean closed his eyes and shook his head, unable to stop reliving that moment.
Dean just stared at him, the sudden filling of the hole in his chest leaving him winded. He watched Cas set the coffee and bag of doughnuts on the nightstand, the angel’s face becoming increasingly anxious the longer Dean sat there in stunned silence.
Every time after that, Castiel just grew increasingly frustrated by Dean’s response.
“You’d probably be surprised.”
“Fucking and making love aren’t the same thing,” Dean insisted bashfully. Hearing such emotional terms used was getting to him. “Fucking is just good old fashioned sex. Making love is…”
When Dean woke up, he was sprawled out on the bed and alone. No trench coat to cling to. No arms holding him. No smell of rain or sounds of small thunder rolling through him. There was just his pounding head, his dry mouth and throat, and the horrible feeling of nausea that always comes with a bad hangover. He reluctantly sat up and looked around, hoping to see Cas on the floor or standing somewhere in the room, but no. Dean was completely and utterly alone. Again.
Cas sighed and ran a hand thorugh his hair. “When I say ‘I love you,’ he says ‘You better’.”
“If that’s what you think would be best, alright,” Castiel answered cautiously, unbuckling his belt.
Dean paused before latching onto Cas’s nipple, groaning at the pitched gasp he received in response. He had to think and Cas seemed all too content to let him as long as he kept licking. Or, that was what he thought until he tried moving to the next nipple.
“They’re water chestnuts dipped in a mix of soy sauce, brown sugar, and ginger and then wrapped in bacon. Mom used to make them for special occasions.” A flash of sadness passed over the girl’s face before she wrinkled her nose in distaste. “They’re supposed to have chicken livers too, but I never liked them. They’re too strong and ruin the bacon.”
Dean pulled his head back but couldn’t move the rest of his body. “I, uh,” Dean stammered, flushed, his eyes glued to Cas’s lips. “That’s… fuck, I was trying to wait until I wasn’t… but I just…” He had to close his eyes and take a deep, steadying breath before he could form a coherent sentence. “I guess I kind of think you’re hot too,” he chuckled weakly. He opened his eyes, expecting a confused or even disgusted look, but instead found one of warmth and patience. He swallowed and licked his lips, but whether it was out of nervous habit or because he
