Janet sighs definitively. “I think he might have everything to do with this.”
” Steve’s elbow suddenly comes out of nowhere, catching the pitcher right in the jaw. Hammer drops like a stone, his teammates so surprised that they let his dead weight slip right out of their hold.
Tony narrows his eyes suspiciously. There’s something in Ty’s tone that makes the hair on his arms stand up, but he can’t quite place what it is. “That’s surprising. World Series is in a couple of weeks. I find it hard to believe they’d want to spare their precious Captain.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Steve says confidently, reaching over to squeeze her shoulder. “The Avengers are a family, no matter what.”
, is her repeated mantra. They start spending more and more time together, taking advantage of the nice facilities that the Nationals Stadium holds. Other than doing one-on-one training in the gyms, focusing on different areas to improve Tony’s physicality, there’s also an entire room of computers and monitors dedicated to running back plays and viewing games. Other than Ty who has a life of his own, Tony doesn’t really have any other friends in the area to spend his time with. He starts sticking around after home games to review the tapes. Whereas before he would normally be examining his opponents to try and work apart tells or patterns in their play style, these Major League players are a lot more versatile than most of the Triple-A. They’re not so one-note, making it much more difficult to find chinks in the armor. Instead, he focuses his attention on their own team to see where improvements can be made.
OOF that was a lot of baseball, huh? I promise I won't be so heavy with sports scenes in the future, I just felt this was important to establish more thoroughly. Hope you guys made it through that okay.
“Because I don’t even
Tony hums, completely disinterested. "Yeah, their breakfast menu is pretty good."
Just as he’s contemplating how generous the couple in the booth might be feeling tonight, a figure slides onto the barstool next to him. He’s got dark, shoulder-length hair tucked underneath a sun-faded red hat, strong jaw shadowed by a short beard. It’s the man from the end of the bar. “What the hell are you doing here?” He asks in a tired voice.
, he insists. Honestly, Steve isn’t even sure if Tony is sleeping with anyone else. If they didn’t spend almost every day and night together, and if Steve didn’t know Tony’s schedule allows for very little fun on the side, he might have the right to assume he is. They haven’t exactly agreed on any sort of terms for this… whatever they are.
“I’m retiring before I get the kind of head damage you have, Birdbrain,” Tony deadpans as he shoved Natasha’s best man off him.
Peggy is smiling at him, her dark eyes like melted chocolate. Steve almost has the nerve to blush if the alcohol isn’t already helping him in that department. "You spoke in plurals just now. I’m assuming the ‘we’ is you and Barnes."
Peggy sighs through her nose. "Shut that door behind you," she says quietly before sinking into her chair. "Sit down." Steve follows her instruction. They stare each other down for a few moments before Peggy speaks again. "Barnes. What about him?"
He hangs up the phone and stares at it for a moment. He does feel a little better after talking to Bucky, but for some reason he was unable to tell the truth about who he’s with. Is he ashamed? Does he fear what kind of questions Bucky would ask if he knew it was Tony who he spent the night with? He doesn’t think Bucky would jump to any conclusions, but what if he did? Would Steve be able to lie to him?
“Hey! Mom said don’t say
He shelves the idea of being a lover for Tony (despite the few
Eventually, the rest of the Stars filter out of the stadium, immediately glomming onto Steve to congratulate him. It's a little easier to deal with all the attention, especially when Bucky keeps to his wings. They immediately head off to the first bar that Dugan and the other boys had scoped out in the previous days during the series, making their way from pub to pub. Each one becomes more crowded than the last, crowds following them no matter where they go. They may be in enemy territory, but even some Oakland die-hards are just excited to be a part of the festivities.
Rhodey, Bruce, and Tony approach, Tony with freshly washed hair and smelling of citrus. “It’s Tony’s fault, of course,” Rhodey scoffs, his friend immediately looking affronted. “Seriously, how is it that you somehow finessed your way into getting your own room and still take twice as long as the rest of us who are all sharing a bathroom to get showered after the game?”
“We should head back before Sarah gets mad. Sun’s already going down,” Bucky tosses the ball in the air to himself, walking towards the fence gate with Steve.
“Quit your griping, you two. Jacques, help the man with his tie, would ya?”
Steve shouldn’t be surprised Tony caught that, even during the heated match-up. He probably steals as many glances at Steve as Steve does him. “You, of course.”
“Going out again tonight?” Steve asks, sitting up against his headboard as he flips through TV channels. “Do you really think that’s the best idea?”
Steve wipes at the corner of his mouth with his napkin. “It would also mean you getting the chance to play for a Major League team alongside people at your caliber.”
“Do you know where he is?”
That actually got a laugh out of Tony as he continued to bounce the ball. “Didn’t get to MIT until I was eleven, unfortunately. My parents decided that their busy schedules would get a little less so if they got me out of the picture. Shipped me off before I even lost all my baby teeth. Got kicked out of about four different institutions until my dad let me go to a place I could actually be challenged,” he scoffed. “I think he was hoping I would turn into an All-American Baseball-Lovin’ Wholesome Young Man like the rest of those prep school morons.” Tony swiveled his chair around to look at Steve. “More like you.”
It’s not quite a shutout, seeing as Tony only pitched four innings rather than the entire game, and the opposing team scored plenty leading up to him coming in as relief… but it’ll do. Tony only throws pitches he knows can either strike the player out, or that are impossible to turn into a ground ball which gives his fielders the opportunity to catch an out. No one on the PCL even gets the opportunity to make it on base, and the whistle is blown with the final scorecard reading 10-9.
they experience when left alone together for too long), instead taking on the role of his main support in his ongoing struggle with alcoholism. There are backslides, plenty of them, each one getting worse than the last. He and Tony argue about it, easily going from screaming matches to Tony crumbling and sobbing in his arms. He along with their other friends get Tony the help he needs, going to AA with him, aiding him with the withdrawals, standing there every time to help him back to his feet when he falls. Watching his battle against becoming a man he always despised, Steve realizes that Tony is one of the strongest people he knows, even when he feels like the weakest.
Steve continues to bet modestly, but is doing rather well for himself. Tony can’t help but fidget in agitation every time he can figure out that Steve knows when he’s going to win a hand, but doesn’t raise or even call.
Next up is Pendleton Mathers.
Unforgiving, Tony continues to piston into him, chasing after his own climax. Steve lifts a knee to support himself against one of the lower shelves of the rack, hearing it groan in protest as he puts more of his weight onto it, body jerking forward with every one of Tony’s thrusts. He twists around the best he can, not as flexible as he used to be, but flexible enough to grab Tony by his shirt and drag him closer. He covers Steve’s back with his body, wrapping both of his arms around him to keep them locked impossibly close together. The angle is perfect now, Tony swearing dirty promises against Steve’s ear as their panting intermingles. The oversensitivity makes him dizzy, his body instinctually tightening up at the intrusion from behind. That’s all it takes for Tony to finally crest over that edge, his teeth sinking into the back of Steve’s neck to muffle his cries of pleasure, hips still jackhammering into him to ride out his orgasm. If Steve were any younger, he’d probably be getting hard again already. His refractory period just isn’t what it used to be, which doesn’t bother him aside from the fact that his much younger partner tends to bounce back rather quickly. Wearing Tony out is no small feat, and one that Steve finds plenty of pleasure in when he takes up the challenge.
Tony angrily shoves his chair back from the table, the sound of the metal on marble unforgiving to the ear. "You should have him show you the fucking
He watches Tony’s back muscles and glutes tighten as he arches his back, not needing to verbalize that he’s about to come. Going against both bodies’ desires, Steve pulls out completely, holding onto Tony’s hips to keep him steady. He watches Tony’s head twist around in surprise, mouth agape.
“You’re home,” Steve replies unhelpfully, brows still drawn up in confusion, briefly wondering if Tony has somehow rigged some kind of technological device so that he can remotely answer his home phone from hundreds of miles away.
Steve thought that maybe he would find the courage to come out during this time. He thought that after the break-up, and after his wound had time to scab over, he would do it. Tony wasn’t around anymore to hold him back from making that decision for himself, so it would be easy, right?
“I’m not trying to guilt trip you, I’m just trying to make you think about this rationally,” Steve sits forward in his seat,
Steve casts him a suspicious look but leans out of Tony’s space before they raise flags for anyone else. They both keep their eyes ahead and focus on the countdown, everyone getting ready with the confetti poppers in hand. Tony will be sure to tip the maids extra well tomorrow.
Steve watches the tendons in Tony's neck tighten but he just smiles. "Anything for you, Aunt Peg. Happy dropped you off right? My car's a two-seater so Rogers will have to follow on his bicycle." He winks at Steve. "Try to keep up."
It’s almost midnight and Steve is just about to head out to blindly comb the streets for any sign of his boyfriend when his phone rings. He practically crushes the device in his hand from picking it up and slamming the answer button with such force. “Tony?”
. Past-tense. Already done.”
"So you believe you're changing the game?" the reporter presses.
“Just that your nose looks better than it did last year. I imagine that’s the only thing that’s improved for you.”
The last bets are placed and Tony can hear the ivory pill rocket its way around the spinning wheel, bouncing this way and that before it begins to settle. He can feel the telltale lurch in the room of everyone scanning the wheel as the velocity of it begins to slow, the blur of reds and blacks becoming clearer and clearer until the viewers can see exactly where it lands. Tony is about four gin and tonics, seven cherry vodkas, and one Long Island iced tea deep by now, something telling him that even if he was looking at the wheel, those colors would still be blurring even after it had come to a stop.
“Love you more.”
Steve shrugs. “I don’t know what you care about, but I do know you came to the Avengers for a reason. Maybe I don’t know what that is yet— Hell, maybe
He walks around the inside of the stadium, plenty of spectators queueing up for merch, food, alcohol, and the bathroom, and not necessarily in that order. He keeps his hat down low and goes unrecognized by most of the fans. A single young boy spots him while waiting in line with his parents, mouth opening slightly as he makes eye contact. Steve holds up a finger to his lips and flashes the kid a knowing smile, the little boy nodding immediately and mirroring the action.
and others. The snowfall outside has slowed to an occasional flurry, the winds picking up the light dusting of sparkling powder and sending it swirling along salt-covered sidewalks and roads. Behind frosted windows are dark and empty apartments, the inhabitants visiting elsewhere for the holidays, while some are warm and lively, filled with people. Parents corralling their children to get them in bed before St. Nick’s arrival, Christmas parties winding down with guests slowly trickling out and making promises to see each other next year, while some just contain three old friends sitting on the floor, playing cards, and catching up with each other.
Their group dissolves into a raucous celebration, climbing all over the furniture to get to each other, locking their arms around anyone within reach. Some of them are screaming in victory, others are crying, Steve finds that he’s somewhere in between. The small pods of hugging teammates eventually all meld into one big pile up, the entire team sharing in their disbelief and exaltation.
, even? Did I ever make a promise to you that I would be signing you and your friend for the same amount of seasons?"
“Hey,” she places her hand over his to bring him back down to earth. “I didn’t mean to be so blunt about it. I just wanted to let you know you have someone in your corner.”
Steve feels an entire new wave of arousal crash into him at the idea of Tony fingering himself in the showers when their other teammates were still around
"Tony Stark biography" Steve tries next. Search.
“Buddy!” Tony shouts, the door immediately opening. He probably had the handle turned as soon as they started the screaming match, just waiting for his cue. “Steve’s leaving. Now.”
Steve is almost at a loss for words. Surely she understands what he's getting at. "Why was my initial contract for four seasons and Bucky's was only for one?"
Tony returns it mockingly.
“So,” she takes a sip of her beer. “How long have you and Steve been together?”
“I just keep mine in my pocket during practice,” Steve shrugs, glancing at his own wedding band glinting in the low light offered from the street lamps outside. He always feels a little better the minute he steps out of the Stadium at the end of the day, slipping it back onto his finger as he walks out to the car. Tony leaves his own wedding ring all over the place, half of the time forgetting to take it off at all. Steve once found it
Tony’s attentions immediately gravitate to her, dropping his arm away from Steve so he can accept her hand, kissing the back of it. “I always have time for Vanity Fair, and please, call me Tony…”
"No catch," Steve shrugs. "I just... I'm here if you want to talk. I like to think we were almost becoming friends before everything happened."
“Drop the DH so I can fill in for the batting order,” Tony repeats, pointing to the field. “Look. They just put Hammer in for the OT inning. I know exactly how that fucker pitches and I know for a fact he’ll crumble as soon as he realizes I’m coming. Trust me, okay? I swear I won’t let the team down. I
, which is just a shame considering the physique hiding away under the boring clothing. Tony spares a glance at the ties he had brought with him to try and add some color in, but quickly nixes the idea. Not with those
The two are quiet for a while, the only sound the hum of flame from the burner, and a quiet bubbling from the unpronounceable liquid as it boils. Steve had expected more heat from Tony when he came down here, but the sequence of events that followed Tony's initial hostility was so unexpected that now the two of them have no idea where to go from here.
money, you can do whatever you want with it. You literally have nothing to lose,” Tony groans. “
Rezzo comes to stand next to Tony, placing a hand on his shoulder with a warm smile. “You earned this kid,” he whispers to him, despite the MVP award for their team not being announced yet. As if anyone who watched the game expects the honor to be be bestowed upon anyone else.
When he wakes up the next morning, head still bogged down with sleep, he can see a blonde figure seated in the chair by his bedside, flipping through a magazine. “I thought I told you to go home and sleep,” he says around a yawn.
Home. Right. Steve has gotten so caught up in this whirlwind of the past few days holed up in Tony’s apartment that he’s almost forgotten there is an entire life waiting outside. He feels detached from that world now, not realizing that he’ll have to go back eventually.
’. He pinches the bridge of his nose before looking back at Tony. “Because you’re clearly too drunk to get anywhere by yourself. Frankly, I don’t even know how you got here in the first place without killing yourself or somebody else... And if I let you try and drive yourself home then Steve'd kill me. So get your ass up.”
They’re all covering the story. Tony doesn’t look up, but he can hear the snippets of audio as Coulson cruelly channel surfs through the beginnings of his career falling apart.
by the time it’s my turn, got it?”
Steve hopes Tony doesn’t think poorly of him because of it, but he has to laugh. “Why don’t I drop you off at home?”
When the next morning rolls around, most of the team gathers in the lobby to go do various activities around the city before their game in the late afternoon. Tony's absence doesn't go unnoticed by Steve and when the man asks Rhodey where his suitemate is, Rhodey just says he wasn't feeling well enough to come along on the excursion. Steve knows better; He's being avoided at all costs.
“No, it’s Freddie Mercury,” Tony’s voice responds dryly. “I’m back from the dead to answer Tony Stark’s phone. What do you want, Steve?”
Tony’s head bobbles. “Probably a good idea…” He furrows his brow. “Wait. We took my car.”
"...What is that?" Steve asks curiously, crossing over to the opposite side of Tony's workbench.
” Steve practically loses his footing as Tony’s hand reaches up to gently fondle his sac. His balls tighten up as Tony massages them, and Steve is sure he’d be able to come if he wasn’t trying to meet Clint’s eye right now. “I’m just really sore today,” Steve lifts a hand to rub at his shoulder. “Think I p-pulled something,” he stamps down another moan, Tony being absolutely cruel as he continues to palm at him and stroke at the underside of his length with his tongue.
“See you…” Steve echoes, watching him go. He pats Bruce on the arm on his way to the tunnel, the two immediately striking up some kind of conversation that gets lost in all the locker room noise as they walk away.
, of all people? You’re making it seem like this is a part of some publicity stunt and I expect the team I’m playing for to have higher standards than that.” Steve isn’t trying to whine, he really isn’t. If this were any other player under any other circumstance, he could maybe let it go, but it’s Tony freaking Stark.
Tony whips his head around in surprise, gaze torn away from the pitcher. He’s been so focused on watching the Internationals that he didn’t realize the feats the PCL accomplished. Caught off guard, Tony quickly puts on his batting gloves and grabs his bat, getting into place off to the side of the foul lines. He looks up to the scoreboard and out across the infield to fill in the gaps he missed. They’ve scored two runs, currently have one out, with one man on base, and the batter down with two strikes. Okay, there's still a salvageable plan out of this. Their batter just needs to get a single on this next ball. That gives Tony plenty of wiggle room to get them both home. Him getting his own run is going to depend on the batter up after him, but he can hopefully at least get to second or third—
Steve laughs it off, even if a small part of his brain is intrigued by the idea. "I don't know the first thing about managing a team. You and Janet make it seem so much easier than it is, I wouldn't even know what to expect." They share another laugh, then Steve notices Peggy look over his shoulder for a moment. "So... what are you doing here anyway? If you're looking for Natasha I think she's already left."
That actually gets a laugh from the young millionaire. "Regular engineer shit gets boring. Gotta branch out every now and again." He finishes off his sandwich and leans back in his chair, shuffling his feet against the ground.
"Thank you, thank you," Steve says before rushing off again, apologizing as he bumps into people on his way to the elevator. Even with his rushing, he didn't see Christine Everhart anywhere. He might be too late.
Tony frowns. “It’s a double-header. And we’re flying in and out with no extra time.”
but he can’t help but fear that Steve didn’t give out all the details because he was
The team is broken into either pairs or small groups to make their way down the line of reporters waiting outside of the stadium. It’s a little more chaotic than a normal press conference would be, but still an efficient method. Tony does interviews with Bender, sure to heed Janet’s advice and make sure he doesn’t completely talk over the Virginia-born player. There are a few reporters who definitely prioritize him when it comes to the questions, namely asking about how it feels to be back after the scandal from two-years prior, and what it’s like to now be on the International’s side. He calmly guides the questions back towards the present-day game, thinking that Pepper and Janet would both be very impressed with his professionalism.
Steve reaches up and brushes a limp lock of hair back off of Tony’s forehead. “I would love that, honestly. Would you?”
“We can make it your business if you want," Tony trails off, licking his lips as he steps well into Steve's personal bubble, reaching out with his hand. Steve's muscles twitch as Tony's fingers drag down his abs. "Why don't you drop that towel? You must've been pretty jealous of that valet I had in my bed."
“It’s okay, I’m glad you’re home safe…” He hugs Tony tightly for a few moments before holding him at arm’s distance to lock eyes. “Please don’t ever do that again. That was dangerous, Tony.”
“You could at least take me to dinner first,” Tony grouches, wheeling his IV stand along with him as he climbs back into the bed.
“Hey!” He complains. “You can’t be mean to me, it’s my birthday.”
Steve nods guiltily, knowing that he shouldn’t have gotten as up-in-arms as he did. “Am I playing at all tomorrow?” He tries to keep the disappointment out of his tone. The last thing he wants to do is get on her bad side.
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” Steve insists, getting up to one knee. He stays in that position for a few moments, Tony staring down at his bad leg in worry. Natasha and the ref make it to his side, one of the medics in tow.
“So,” Bucky eventually sighs, keeping his eyes on the road. “Lovers’ quarrel?”
He looks at her in surprise. “You’re…”
!” He yanks both of Tony’s wrists up, forcing them in front of his face. Tony jerks his chin away, jaw clenched in anger. Raindrops are clinging to his eyelashes, Tony furiously blinking them away as he avoids Steve’s gaze. It’s only when Tony goes slack in his hold, slumping against Steve’s front as he drops down to his knees, that he realizes Tony is crying.
, along with his phone number. He shambles across the road and into the bar, hoping to find someone to throw some cash at to allow him to siphon enough gas out of their tank to get him back to civilization.
“Good job getting that run,” Steve says once Bucky comes over to the dugout, wiping some dirt off his pants.
“Do you hear yourself?” Steve asks, raising his voice to an authoritative level. “We’re winning this game, Tony.”
Since Tony is considered "prone to injury" (a bullshit label in his opinion), Obadiah limits his play time leading up the Championship game. The Irons have good standings currently, and as much as it burns Tony up to watch Hammer luck his way through being an occasionally okay pitcher for the team, he would much rather make sure he can play in the game come July.
outward, earlier fatigue be damned. “So what, it was all bullshit to teach me some kind of
"A priority pain in my ass..." Pepper mumbles under her breath, checking her pager. "We're going to be late and your father is going to kill us both."
(See the end of the chapter for
It doesn’t seem like it’s all as simple and from point A to B as Tony’s making it out to be, Steve wanting some blank steps along the way filled in. He can’t help but think back to the conversation he had with Howard in his Baseball room, thinking about the warning he had gotten that Tony’s selfish nature would destroy the Avengers if given the opportunity. There may have been some bumps along the road, but as far as Steve is concerned, Tony has been a beneficial catalyst to his team’s performance.
Coulson steps forward. “I’ll remind you all that questions are not permitted at this time. Security, please escort Miss Everhart from the room as she has broken the agreed protocol.”
“I…” Steve doesn’t know what to say. Tony is genuinely asking permission to come back, seemingly with the best intentions for once. He looks healthy, and underneath all the emotional turmoil clouding up between them, he looks
“See you,” Steve waves casually. He waits until Peter exits through the doors to the lobby before he turns a knowing smile on Tony.
There’s even more of them outside of the hotel, news evidently spreading rather quickly about where both teams’ players were staying. Tony squints against the flashing bulbs of the cameras and doesn’t stop for the fans this time, quickly escaping to the refuge of the lobby.
"You'll find out at the press conference," Pepper reminds him tiredly, shielding her paperwork from his view when he attempts to peek.
“Is there?” Tony hums. “Retiring just means quitting because you’re
Tony, the little shit,
to get fucked—”
Tony collapses back onto the grass, closing his eyes. “Probably not,” he admits. “It’s too quiet. I would miss the city too much.”
Steve thoroughly scans the dugout when he returns to it, coming to the conclusion that Tony is nowhere to be found. He chews on the inside of his cheek in contemplation, glancing up to where Natasha is standing with her jaw clamped tight, lips pressed tightly together. Never has Natasha Romanoff ever shown nervousness before, but he imagines that he’s witnessing it for the first time as she stands there, arms crossed, heel tapping against the ground. Steve toys with the idea of prying into whatever is going on that caused Tony to get subbed out mid-play, but decides against incurring her wrath on the matter. At least for now.
Peggy grimly presses her lips together. "Doctors said he only has a few months left. Five, if he's lucky."
. They’re barely contained in the dugout, Tony having climbed up onto the ledge because standing on the tips of his toes just wasn’t enough, Steve’s upper body hanging out of it. Both their breaths catch on the wind-up, the naked eye not quite quick enough to track the tiny blur of white as Herrin fires his third pitch towards Thor.
“What are you smiling about?” Tony asks, bringing Steve back into the present. He’s got a suspicious glint in his dark eyes that he knows exactly what Steve had been thinking about. His ability to read Steve’s mind has always been uncanny.
Tony finally glances up at Steve, his lips pursing for a second. He pushes his goggles up on the top of his head, and Steve almost prefers this. It feels a little less formal now that he can look Tony in the eye without a scratched up plastic shield in the way. "I know this stuff doesn't matter to you and, frankly, is mostly going over your head. I tend to get a little talky when there's people around my stuff, which is rare. I don't really get the chance to talk about this with anyone since graduating, and no one wants to hear me talk about anything that isn't baseball these days."
The Knights won the 1996 World Series. Not giving the monumental victory a moment to breathe, Tony happily tore the attention back to himself and announced he would be leaving the ranks of Major League Baseball and taking over his company. On top of that, he revealed in a tell-all ESPN interview the rampant misuse of performance-enhancing drugs in the Majors, stating that the drug abuse is what drove him away, not his sustained injuries. This opened the floodgates for multiple investigations to weed out the steroid problem across the big leagues that is still ongoing. It left more holes than expected, giving plenty of opportunities for talented and honest Minor League players to have their chance.
"How did you feel about your first season in the Majors? Was it all it cracked up to be?"
Tony's eyebrow peaks along with his level of interest. "One pitch per player?" He glances around at everyone, dark eyes lingering on Steve for a beat longer than everyone else. Tony gives him a once over, a feeling of discomfort washing over the blonde. Does Tony remember him from last year? "Too easy."
He flips through more photos and inserts that are in the folder, more magazines covering the story, further blowing up cropped images of Steve’s face to try and piece together the identity of the mystery man that’s stolen the heart of Tony Stark. Newspaper headlines and clippings, and even a stack of what appears to be the original, raw photos taken.
They spend the rest of the day testing boundaries as they busy themselves around the apartment. They trade casual touches and longing glances as they prepare more leftovers in the kitchen, sit in the loft together while Tony works and Steve finds some blank paper to sketch on. They end up sitting next together on the couch to watch some movies as the evening winds on, experimentally getting closer to each other until they’re doing what is unmistakably
The sentiment is too much. He wraps his arms around her and hugs her tightly, practically smothering her into his blanket. “Okay, now say that one more time so I can record it.”
nose, broke his contract, and made some secret deal with your owner, Fury, the old bastard,” he scoffs, shaking his head.
and he couldn’t even…” Tony sighs in defeat. “You’re right. Yeah, I know… I
Much like his own personal relationship with Tony, the prodigy’s connection with the rest of their teammates has apparently developed right under all their noses, unobtrusive in its gradual progression. Their fellow players are aiming excited grins at one of their youngest rising stars, clapping him on the back and ruffling up his hair. Tony is pretty good-natured about it, Steve only catching a flash of real irritation in his brown eyes once Clint shakes him by the shoulders for a few seconds too long.
“I like movies,” Steve replies, cursing inwardly when he realizes he is sounding a bit Neanderthalish. Tony strays closer to examine the titles, tilting his head at a ninety degree angle. Now that Tony is up and seemingly back to his old observant self, it’s officially the time for Steve to actually feel judged about his living space. “I haven’t bought too many recently because my VCR has been broken for a couple of months. Haven’t had the time to take it down to an electronics shop to have them fix it.”
“I heard on the radio about the storm. We got some snow up here but it didn’t hit us nearly as bad as you guys,” Bucky says. “Don’t apologize, there’s nothing we can do about it. Are you safe? Everything okay at your apartment, got plenty of food and water and stuff? I heard things are kind of shut down everywhere.”
,” Tony answers softly. “Footprints in the Snow, with a little Arabesque No. 1 thrown in at the end… Debussy was my mom’s favorite.”
“Thanks,” he says quietly, searching Steve’s face for more. “I meant what I said before, about wanting to fix things. Make ‘em right. Running the company the past few years has been… good. It’s a good change of pace. I got to invest my time and money into more than the empire Dad built for me, I had responsibilities and more to offer. But… it wasn’t my passion like I thought. I wasn’t sure how much longer I wanted to be doing it, and there’s plenty of other people out there who are more deserving of manning that ship. I knew I’d be passing it off slowly but surely, but then last fall when I heard this was going to be your last season… It was the last push I needed.”
Tony’s hand trembles slightly as he picks up the steaming mug and takes a few weak sips. “Considering I just lost that entire breakfast to the toilet? Been better.”
, live a little!”
They end up sitting around just chatting for another hour as Sam sobers up enough to walk back to the subway. He’s visiting family in Harlem over the holidays before returning to D.C. The three of them had sort of become their own trio of musketeers during their time together in the minor league, Steve and Nat both feeling that same energy rekindle whenever the occasion arose where Sam had time to visit. They wish him well on his way out the door, promising to try and catch him one more time before he flies back.
“I didn’t think you were able to say those words is all,” Steve shrugs. “You’re always surprising me.”
“Barton has a
, just shy of hitting his prostate. “Enough with the gentle shit, I don’t think our team’s showers are the place for some tender love and care.”
“...The fans.”
Championship; I wasn’t done yet—”
“Tony,” Steve chides gently, crawling into bed next to him. “Hey. Those papers will still be here tomorrow.”
"Well... where's your room at?" Steve asks.
Suspicion crosses Tony face but he unfolds himself from the chair and sits down next to Steve, posture oddly rigid. Without hesitation, Steve cups his face and draws him in close for a kiss.
Everyone falls into the ground in a heap, laughing and still screaming as rogue snowball throwers scramble to their feet to keep the battle going. The kids are playing dirty now, attempting to shove snow down each other’s pants and go back to pick up the other sleds to use as shields as well. Steve gets to his feet, wiping some snow off him when Tony suddenly tackles him to the ground, a shower of snow accompanying them as the kids start kicking it up in the air.
between us the minute I had your cock down my throat.”
Steve stares at Tony, effectively rendered speechless. Whereas before Tony was avoiding his gaze, doing everything he could to avoid breaching the topic, now that he’s laid it all out on the line, his eyes are locked onto Steve. It’s the same determined stare he has when winding up for a pitch, his eyes locked onto the target knowing his arm will follow through flawlessly. Now he’s just waiting for Steve to take his swing.
Twenty-four against one. Steve isn’t a fan of those odds, even though Tony deserves it for being such a disrespectful smart ass on his first day here. Doing the math quickly in his head, if none of them miss the pitches Tony throws, he's going to be here for an extra six hours. Every last player on the Avengers knew that Natasha will make Tony pay for every minute in blood, sweat, and tears.
Isaiah raises his voice again, holding his arm out to Peggy. "And of course, where would all of us be without Ms. Carter,
“Oh my apologies! I’d hate to come in between Tony and his balls. I know what a penchant he has for them,” Hammer holds up his hands innocently and the referee— bastard— actually cracks a smile.
for him. He hates the feeling of just being a passive party in this, but also doesn’t want to make a fool of himself. Tony insists time after time “I’m fine” and “Let’s focus on you”, always bringing Steve to completion without even touching himself.
“I just don’t want anyone getting in your head.”
"He doesn't have to excuse anything, Maria," Howard sighs, taking another swig of his drink. "Tony throws tantrums like that all the time."
“These are hardly even going to scar, you’ll be fine,” Pepper reprimands, laying the bandage across the length of his cheek, making sure the adhesive is secure. “Now I’ve got to get back downstairs and deal with the shitstorm that’s waiting for me. I probably won’t get the chance to see you again before tomorrow so… behave, okay?” she hugs him tightly, turning her face to whisper quietly in his ear, making sure no one else can pick up on it. “You know the drill. Don’t address any questions about it and it will all blow over, sweetie.”
He isn’t expecting to hear that. “Bored?” He echoes in confusion. “I’m not bored. I lo
Steve is proud too. Proud of his friend. Proud of his love. Overwhelmingly proud as he’s surrounded by his triumphant teammates, confetti raining down around them in celebration of another Championship win to their name. Steve plays the entire game, his knee not aching even once. He gets choked up, crying openly as his team surrounds him, rejoicing for their Captain’s last run. Twenty-seven years of his life he’s given to pouring his heart and soul into the sport, at the expense of his own body at times. It’s the perfect end to a long and illustrious career. Almost.
Steve’s worst-case scenarios make another appearance in his mind and he’s instantly reminded of Tony’s bad feelings and nerves to come to New York.
Tony doesn’t stop as expected, and continues to fly around the bases. The timing is close, every moment happening in succinct succession. The ball is launched from the left fielder’s hand, sailing past Tony and straight for home. Miller had the head start though, and he’s already made contact with the plate a second before the ball lands in the catcher’s mitt. Tony streams past the shortstop. The catcher throws it to third in a last ditch effort to end the inning. The third baseman’s foot is on the base, his glove waiting to receive the ball and knock Tony out of the game, but the young Stark’s speed is unmatched.
The next thing he knows, he’s laying on his back in bed, whisky still burning the back of his throat. His head lolls to the side, mind fuzzy as he tries to count the little empty bottles now lined up on the nightstand. It eases the pain somewhat, helps him not think about the worst self-inflicted wound he could add to the already impressive list of injuries.
Steve blinks at her and fakes a shudder. “Wow. It’s been too long since I’ve heard that. Still strikes fear into my heart,” he chuckles and sits down at the table with her.
“Yeah, Buck, it’s me. I’m really sorry, I’m not going to be able to make it up there today.”
Tony manages to get his right hand under control long enough to snake underneath his paper-thin shirt from an open slit in the side— since when did he own something like that?— He feels a small tube near the middle of his torso that’s solidly stuck into him, hand traveling up a little higher to a thin wire with something sticky on the end that he immediately rips off.
“Yep,” Tony doggy-ears the page before setting the book aside on and end table. “Are you ready to head back?”
“Keep his arm stable we need to put him in a cast immediately then take him to the hospital.”
Currently, the Stars and the Mockingbirds have three wins each tucked under their belts, and the series doesn’t end until that fourth win is cinched. It’s all coming down to this final game to determine who will move forward to fight to be World Series champions, and since the Stars had the superior season record, they had the home field advantage for this final game.
Tony gives her forearms a slight squeeze, shaking his head. “Nothing I didn’t already know.”
"Thank you," Steve responds. "I think I'll stay out here for a while longer."
“I know how much you love to keep me quiet,” Tony counters with a grin, a moan slipping out as he feels precome dribble from his tip, coating his fingers. “Please tell me you’re touching yourself.”
It's far from fun to be holed up in the doctor’s office for a couple hours every week, but at least Steve always offers to come along with him. Tony knows about his old teammate Bucky— the one who suffered the really bad UCL tear— and how dedicated Steve was to seeing his recovery. All that guilt on his conscious is most likely what has him tagging along, trying to prevent Tony from falling to the same hubris.
“Stark, head out of the clouds, Coach wants you warmed up and ready to go,” Strange snaps at him, waving him over. Tony has always felt like the guy kind of resents him, but it’s not his fault he showed up and is a better pitcher than the guy playing in the Triples after recovering from hand-related injuries. He’s a clever man and a decent pitcher, but he’ll probably never be able to make it past this league with his inconsistencies in ability.
Tony turns to look at him, eyebrows raised expectantly. His cheeks are flushed, the light on the snow reflecting back to literally light up his face as he stares at Steve with those deep, earnest eyes.
All teams that make up the MLB are divided into two divisions. The National League is made up of the older, “senior teams”, while the “juniors” are in the American League. The Stars fit under this category, and are one of the top two teams from their season moving onto the Championship Series. The winner of that seven-game series will move onto the World Series to face off against the winner of the National League Championship.
people to this degree. A part of him that wasn’t a choice, his attraction to men, upsets people more than when he purposely went out of his way to undermine hard work and dedication to the sport they held so dear.
Tony’s riling him up on purpose. It’s something Steve is used to by now, especially with the new developments in their relationship. There’s been countless times where they’ll end a practice or a game bickering and sniping at each other, then take their own cars back to either of their apartments where they immediately fall back into the relationship no one sees. Whatever trivial thing they had been fighting over is completely forgotten behind closed doors. For some reason, today has been exceptionally more button-pushing, old habits apparently dying hard.
Tony has always been the kind of player who takes his frustration and produces positive results. Any critiques usually bounce right off his impervious exterior, but Steve can’t help but notice from his shortstop position how Tony’s posture is a little more stiff today, the normal jitters that have his hands and feet constantly in motion now quelled. The first batter from the Fisher Cats steps up to plate and Steve almost pities the guy. Almost. Three pitches, three strikes, and he’s out. Not a great start for the visiting team, but their own fans are screaming out their approval, the commentators sure to be hailing Tony’s opening display of dominance on the field.
Tony can’t ignore him anymore. He whirls around in anger, throwing an arm up as he looks to the referee standing only a few feet away from second base. “Hey, ref, you wanna do something about this harassment?” He calls out in annoyance. “There’s supposed to be rules about that kinda shit.”
“Tony, wait—” Steve is cut off by his own gasp as Tony takes hold of the base of his shaft. His eyelids flutter for a moment at the sensation of actual contact, no layers in the way. When his eyes refocus, Tony’s eyes are still trained intently on his, long lashes casting shadows down his cheeks.
“What do you mean you’re
” The familiar voice breaks through all the blood roaring in his ears. “
Tony makes a sleepy sound in the back of his throat. “I don’t think there’s any formula in the world that could’ve predicted that... Maybe I’ll try to come up with one... I might need the rest of my life with you, though... Gotta collect more data.”
Steve laughs. “Both, actually.”
Steve has to swallow down a moan, blinking and wiping some water off from his face. “Uh, no
Looking down the field, Tony Stark is no longer all smiles. Sunglasses removed and hat turned forwards to cast a shadow over his brow, he looks like a different player. Steve shifts uncomfortably, eyes darting between Vision and the newcomer, both of them poised and ready with Natasha filling in as catcher, glove at the ready.
The Avengers have been doing so well in the past decade that Janet is busier than ever managing them, minimizing her free time to socialize with her now mostly retired cohorts. “They’ll all be glad you made it. And I’m sure everyone will gang up on you complaining about how you’re showing us all up working twice as long and twice as hard as the rest of us old worn-out athletes ever did,” he laughs, opening the door for her. Everyone is already back outside in their seats, the inning having started back up already.
Tony kicks away from the desk, his chair rolling across the lab. Steve realizes that a tornado really did hit this place, and its name is Tony Stark. The kid starts loading stuff up in his lap, ricocheting around the lab on his rolling chair. He picks up a blueprint, a huge roll of some kind of thick material, a half-eaten sandwich, and a ruler before landing at some kind of cutting station.
Tony smiles up at him, easily shifting back to a sitting position. He combs his fingers through Steve’s hair one last time, pressing a kiss to the edge of his jaw. “So the student becomes the master…”
In case you don't come from my other social media platforms, I'm also an artist! I plan on doing some fun fanart and things for this verse, which I'll either add directly into this fic (maybe under a 9th chapter or something?) or just create a separate works under this series to share those with you guys. Fun fact: I actually drew fanart for this fic years ago: https://papistark.tumblr.com/post/149194352236 . I hate it now because I've improved IMMENSELY since drawing that, but now I'm just motivated to redraw it and draw so much more. So keep an eye out for new and improved art to go along w/ this fic, even if it is super lame that I draw stuff based off my own writing lol.
They’re playing against Detroit in the morning and for once Tony plans on getting a good night’s rest. He’s coming in as a starting pitcher after the past few games being slated for first base. Carol even promised to keep him in for the entire game if he does well enough. His stamina has been improving, and without the added stress of needing to offensively bat and run bases, he might just be able to pull it off and not need a relief.
He and Steve still butt heads constantly, but they’ve both began to admit to each other that maybe the other’s methods of how to play baseball aren’t entirely unfounded. Tony follows the advice of his Captain, and Steve lets Tony have input when it comes to strategic accuracy in the game. His scientific methods never fail him, and now it’s just a matter of getting the rest of the team to look at it the way he does so he can underlyingly continue to mold them into a team that can beat his old club.
” Acid trips off his tongue as he says it, burning his mouth on the way out.
The photo is grainy and poor quality, clearly edited to be brightened despite it making the resolution much worse with the additional contrast, but it’s clear enough. From the angle the photo was taken at, somewhere down the block and across the street, captured with some kind of zoom lens, Tony’s face is clearly visible, but the man he’s locking lips with is not. He flips the magazine open to the page marked with a colored tab by Hill, seeing the full spread inside.
“He’s doing really well, so far,” Steve hedges hesitantly, noticing the slight twitch in Howard’s left eye. “I mean, we’re not that far into the friendlies, but it’s already clear he’s really going to help the Avengers for the upcoming season.”
The shorter brother elbows him in the side. “If we can’t say
Worst case scenarios start to eat away at his mind. He needs to do
“Tony, what has it been like to see your former teammate rising to such prominence?”
For now, their season is over, and Steve has a few months before he has to worry about the contract signings come December, maybe even January if the Stars aren’t sure about keeping him. Even though Steve has been counted as a “newcomer of note” by the media, a new player can come breezing in during the exhibition games and Steve will be forgotten, or worse, moved to another team. He’d rather be benched.
Tony doesn’t really have a response to that. He had been so caught up with the argument in the heat of the moment that he can’t remember exactly what was said, the alcohol making some of the details a bit harder to grasp. He had selective hearing for the words Steve’s said that
Steve is wrong. Months go by, and Tony doesn’t feel like it’s getting any better. Their schedules are as hectic as expected, both of them constantly traveling and not always in the position to call each other and have to face questioning glances from those around them as to who they’re talking to. He manages to convince Steve to buy a computer and discover the wonders of email. It’s not quite the same as being able to talk to each other, but they can at least exchange basic information a few times a week just to catch each other up.
“Didn’t get your fill back there?” Tony asks suggestively, sliding a hand into Steve’s back pocket.
, so forgive me if I don’t want to leave the only reason I bothered to stick around so long!”
The man passes out almost immediately once they’re in the car, Steve feeling bad that he has to wake him again when they arrive at his apartment a few minutes later. Tony doesn’t seem that perturbed, grumbling some kind of equation or principle under his breath as Steve ushers him into his building, taking the elevator up to the sixth floor.
Steve can't imagine how Tony’s dealing with all of this. His closely guarded secret is now known by someone he isn't exactly a fan of. He has no one to reach out to. Even in Steve's most isolated moments, he always had Bucky that he could rely on. He thinks back to how he was treated by Hammer in the big confrontation after the All-Star Game, and the way even some of the other players had looked at him in disgust at the insinuations his former-teammate had made. Tony has exactly zero support in all of this.
Tony swallows. "Laser cutter."
“This will mean a little more traveling this season, but we should be thankful for the opportunity. Not every team is participating, but we will get the chance to play against a couple of other teams for these friendlies. The PCL games will be at the end of the month, after we’ve played our regular IL games. The itinerary for the international friendlies will start with a couple of teams over on the West Coast, California and Arizona first. We’ll then fly to Texas for another match or two before coming home.”
What begins as an adolescent embarrassment of being caught necking your boyfriend by a neighbor quickly morphs into genuine shock and alarm. Tony’s bashful laugh dies in his throat as he pulls his face away from Steve, the color draining from his face when he realizes the female voice belongs to his coach.
“What?” Steve blurts on instinct, hearing the familiar phrase out of an unfamiliar mouth. He’s still a little disoriented, not used to actually getting any sleep during travel.
“Seven a.m. Doc said no visitors until three though.”
“Um, just benign contract stuff. Same as every season, wondering if I’m going to sign on for multiple seasons or not,” he dismisses.
"Were you worried you two might ever get signed to different teams?"
Conversation continues, the servers coming out to refill water and wine glasses when necessary, and with this family, wine refills seemed very necessary. As Howard is delving into his up and coming ideas for new batting helmets, Steve notices Tony draining yet another wine glass out of the corner of his eye. Their hired hands are back within moments once everyone seems to be done with the appetizers, taking away salad plates and replenishing glasses as the main course comes out. Steve has hardly touched his own drink and Tony is already starting on glass number five.
“Rogers! You’re up!”
run for the rest of the game.
Natasha whips her head around, the irritation etched on her face doubling with Clint's question. "Waiting for our newest pitcher," she replies, less heat in her voice than Steve expects. This triggers all sorts of queries from the team.
Their loss to the Irons in the Championship had obviously been the hardest on Tony. It had been a hard-fought game by the entire team, but clearly they hadn’t been the only ones frothing at the mouth for a win. It was a remarkably close match, the final score only coming out to 3-2 after nine long innings. Tony had disappeared as soon as the game was over, most likely taking his off-season vacation early to avoid the media. Steve couldn’t blame him, even if he knew his coping methods weren’t the healthiest.
“Yes sir, William and Beekman—”
“Okay then,” Tony eventually pants out, leaning back into Steve’s chest. “You’re a pretty fast learner. That was… Wow. Good. Really good.”
It’s a brutal blow, Tony knows it is. Hurting Steve is the only way he can possibly get him to leave. To walk away and save himself instead of falling off the ledge with Tony. The words cut deep and Tony can practically see the heartbreak. Steve’s expression immediately falls, releasing any pent up anger and frustration at the unfairness of their situation.
Or maybe it’s jealousy that Coach Danvers has taken such an interest in him. Tony knew from what Pierce had said that she had been campaigning to get him on the team for quite some time now. Since day one of training she’s kept a close eye on him, mostly asking him questions about his play style and the judgments he makes for pitches, rather than actually offering critiques. She hasn’t tried to correct his form, suggested changes, or really given him any indication or direction. She just asks him to pitch, to run, to throw, to catch— really do anything and just jots something down on her clipboard, nods, and tells him to keep doing what he’s doing before moving onto another player.
“I don’t know, honey…” Tony balks all of the sudden. It’s such a rare occasion to see him timid in the face of opportunity.
Steve manages to get him into his apartment without too much trouble, Tony swaying and stumbling his way over to Steve’s couch to collapse onto it face first.
“Go easy on him, Jan,” Natasha drawls, finally exiting the bathroom with Clint’s arm patched up. “Aside from Hammer, our guys came out of that scrap way worse. Everyone was drinking, and I’m sure we can talk to all the eyewitnesses who got involved and they’ll happily back up that Tony didn’t attack first. Not to mention Stane won’t waste time pressing charges against
The abrupt pang of sadness at the thought confuses Steve more than anything he had felt since the day Tony showed up in his stadium.
The Irons answer the call when it’s time for the eighth inning. They continue to stay close on the Avengers’ heels, three runs in the bag before their final out is made. 14-15, New York maintains the lead.
"Would you like to get some air, Steve?" Peggy asks, surprising him with that offer. He’s pretty much expected her to go find another group to socialize with, not single Steve out when she probably has plenty of people trying to shower her with praises tonight as well. Arguably as manager, Peggy holds the biggest hand in the Stars doing better as each season goes on.
. Hearing it again like this— so
It’s been about five months since Tony moved in, and the place still doesn’t feel fully lived in. Tony is accustomed to travel, jumping from place to place. He had been born in New York City, raised in Malibu, was sent to boarding schools in London, Paris, and Barcelona, made a home for himself during University in Cambridge, and frequented their villa in Florence during his time off. He learned to call all these places home, it never being a singular concept to him.
“Tony,” he repeats, pulling out of the kiss. “You still taste like whiskey. Go brush your teeth.”
Once it feels like Tony won’t totally fall apart if he’s released, Steve gently pries himself free of Tony’s hold, still holding his arms and rubbing over them for a moment to make sure he felt like an appropriate human temperature. “We need to get you out of those clothes.”
Steve pats his manager on the shoulder. “He had a rough weekend. I’m sure he’ll be okay.”
feels about playing for the Avengers and if he’s transferring after the season… Of course I haven’t forgotten about the Hammer ordeal from a couple months ago, that’s the first thing I plan on wringing out of him… Yes, but those are just rumors, I’m pretty sure I can tell from the way he’s been ogling my chest all night that he’s definitely not some closet homo... They call it investigative journalism for a reason, I'm
He clears his throat and addresses the team, pulling his hat a little lower to keep the bright morning sun out of his eyes. “Good morning, everyone. I know I’ve already met with all of you individually, but for everyone who hasn’t had the pleasure yet, this is Carol Danvers, owner of the team.”
His head starts to throb the more he thinks about it, so Tony pushes away the past and surveys the room the best he can with his mind still sufficiently addled. There’s no one else in the room with him, but there’s evidence on the counter and across the armchairs in the room that suggest regular visitors. There are blinds drawn over the window on the interior wall, but he can see through the slats to the dimly lit and quiet hospital wing. There’s a single nurse behind a counter, doing her best to work through the night shift. He watches her turn to face someone out of view, smiling and giving a polite nod.
“Steve!” He hears Tony call out through the crowd, spinning around wildly to try and see him. He can’t tell exactly where the voice is coming from.
His mother’s words echo in his brain. As always, she's probably right.
Their hotel is right on the strip, and conveniently connected to one of the larger casinos in the area. Tony knows most of the places around here and is sure they’ll bounce between a few locations tonight, but he wants to start strong. Going to Caesars Palace was just asking to get swarmed considering the high amount of sports betting that went on there. A little too high profile when it was just him and Steve going out without additional security detail.
!” He shakes Tony again, pointing out at the field where the game has resumed despite the confrontation on the sidelines. “Believe it or not, the world does not revolve around you outside of the Irons. The only reason you’re here is because your old man makes you out to be some golden goose. If it were up to me, I would never let you on this team. You may be a good player, Stark, but you’re a
Scott’s up to bat next. He gets two fouls in a row, the second one looking promising at first but landing outside of the lines. Steve had booked it for both of them, unwilling to even hesitate even if the ball did end up going wide. He’s almost at home when the whistle blows and calls it a bad ball. He skids to a stop, clearly frustrated as he yet again has to make his way back to third. He’s at no more than a steady jog, in a hurry to get back on base so the game can continue, when Tony sees him go down.
his favorite. He abandons his clothes on the tile floor before making quick work of his shower, knowing that Pepper will be blaring the horn on the car outside any moment now.
Peggy follows Tony over to his sports car, the engine revving loudly before Tony pulls out of the stadium parking lot. Steve rolls his eyes at the power display and kicks his bike into gear, following behind them. Tony certainly does his best to lose Steve on the short, fifteen-minute drive to the restaurant, an Italian place called Donatella's, but Steve stays right on his tail the entire way.
“Make us proud. Make Maria proud too.”
Steve walks past him and opens up the driver’s side door, throwing his duffel bag into the back. “Lucky Blue Dragon?”
literally. He doesn’t let himself get too caught up in the semantics of it, their position making it easy to just close his eyes and imagine it’s just him jerking off as normal. Of course, it doesn’t feel quite the same considering his hand is wrapped around a cock that’s definitely
“You have to go,” Tony whispers against his lips. His eyes are closed and he refuses to open them just yet. Not until he’s gone. He wants to remember his last sight of Steve as the sincere expression on his face, eyes full of love and surprise as Tony leans in to kiss him out in the open, all unbridled affection and heartfelt abandon.
Steve apparently notes his disdain. “That’s all I brought in terms of any kind of ‘formal wear’ and they’re for the press junkets after the game.”
Tony tosses his duffel bag inside, pulling his wrinkled t-shirt off over his head before he kicks his converse off and into the locker with two metallic thuds. “Had to endure Howard calling me at the crack ass of dawn to scream about how I didn’t take the last game seriously enough, which then transitioned into his classic ‘When are you going to come home and be on the team you actually belong to?’ tirade. And then he started—” Tony pauses to let another yawn through. “—talking about how I’m clearly doing all this to spite him, and how ungrateful I am for having no interest in taking over his business, and for insisting to go to MIT and get an engineering degree then not even put it to use.” He changes into his uniform as he continues to rant, balling up his street clothes and angrily chucking them into his locker. “Then of course my mom overhears and starts yelling at Howard, which then got
Tony’s oddly quiet from behind him. “Bucky?” He eventually asks, voice sounding forcefully blasé.
“Hey, hey, hey!” Tony quiets them all down, holding up his arms. “How about we have a good old fashioned snowball fight? Does that sound fun to you guys?”
He can’t help but grin, fixing his eyes on her. She’s pointedly glaring out at the city below, refusing to look over at him. “Uh huh, yeah, the team sure will. Aaaand who else?”
All it took was them breaching the hypothetical topic over a barbecue at their Albany house one night and Tony agreed immediately. Like everything he did with his career, there was plenty of controversy their decision had been met with when they made the announcement. Considering how outraged some people were about Steve becoming manager of the team a few years back, they were bound to ruffle some feathers with yet another change in coaching. Carol takes it all far more gracefully than Steve ever could, especially considering Nick Fury got plenty of flack just for being a black owner of a team. Passing his legacy off to “a dyke and a couple of queers” was too much for some fans.
Fury’s eye narrows. “You’re too much like your dad, kid.”
“I’m not,” he continues to insist, his own humor fading as he fixes his gaze on Tony. “I know when to stop, and now’s not the time. We
,” Tony insists. They’ve had this argument dozens of times, in dozens of different ways over the past couple of months. “My life has been hell since I did it and I’m not dragging you down with me.”
She nods and darts off to fetch him a refill. Steve gives his hand a squeeze, not making any further comment.
The fall air had cooled significantly since the sun had gone down, but the alcohol is warming Steve enough that he is grateful for the slight chill as they step outside.
He sees her pacing halt in his periphery, still tending to cleaning Tony up just to have anywhere else to put his attention. “Oh, darling,” he hears her sigh. “I know it wasn’t a lie in any way except for legality. The love you two have for each other is painfully obvious to anyone smart enough to pay attention.”
Steve sighs, wiping a hand down his face. “There aren’t bad guys and good guys in this situation. You just did what you thought was right. Doesn’t mean you weren’t a total
“We don’t need to disclose his identity to the public,” he clarifies. “But if we’re going to help defuse this bomb, Hill and I need to know.”
The movie actually isn’t half-bad. It’s enough to keep Tony’s full attention, evening plans all but forgotten as he watches the Roman tragedy unfold in front of him. His exhaustion from staying out so late the evening before catches up to him unexpectedly right as Spartacus and Antoninus begin their fight to the death, his eyelids beginning to droop. Tony does his best to stay awake, fighting his own battle against sleep, but ends up following the lead of his on-screen namesake and succumbs to his opponent.
"Yeah?"
Peggy nods. "Of course. I wouldn't hang out here for too long. I saw Barnes sidling up on Dugan's sister, and he might need you to back him up if he starts a brawl in there," she smirks before slipping back inside.
has known who he was since he started. "Your career, man, wow," Howard shakes his head. "You really climbed those ranks, rags to riches style! Three years in the rookies, one in Class A before you got signed to the Advanced league in the bat of an eyelash—at 19 no less—’79 you started playing for New Hampshire in the double-As—I was even there for a couple of the Eastern League games. Unfortunately, I was in Tijuana for business during the playoffs when you had that amazing short stop maneuver…”
The victory couldn’t feel more hollow to Steve, despite earning the Stars the last, winning run in the final inning of game five. They had been tied for the last two innings of the game, two outs in, and Steve hit a home run. He had done it. It would be historically known as a momentous World Series moment, something any baseball player would hope for. But it doesn’t matter, because out of all the teammates piling onto Steve as the crowd goes wild, Bucky is sitting in a box somewhere.
"Enough about business. Steve, how has it been being captain?" Howard asks.
“Hm?” Tony asks sleepily. He feels a nudge against his back and twists slightly, cracking an eye open. Steve leans over him slightly to lay a chaste kiss to his lips, cupping his jaw with one hand. For the first time since their fight, Tony finally feels himself
It’s still a strange concept to Steve that the Stark name doesn’t own a major league baseball team. There have always been rumors circulating that they were going to buy a major league team and completely rebrand them, but the Malibu Irons had been around far too long for that to be ethical. A lot of people claim that Howard doesn’t respect the sport because of the turn the company took since he'd been manning the helm, but Steve doesn’t see anything wrong with change and expanding to a new market. Too many people around this sport want to keep it old-fashioned, and while Steve would always cherish his memories of a beat up old leather glove and a wooden bat, he didn't see much wrong with the newer designs Howard has been trying to pitch to the league. It brings even more interest to a sport now at a peak in popularity.
“I wanted to surprise you,” Steve smiles back at him. He soothes his hands over Tony’s antsy hands, trying to move everywhere at once to undress them and feel the body he hasn’t felt in months. He runs his warm palms over Tony’s bare arms, cupping his face to pull him into a much less frantic kiss. “It’s been so long,” he groans as Tony unzips his pants and slips his hand beneath his underwear.
dumb." Steve catches Tony bite back a smile and decides to venture closer into the ballsy/pushing-it territory of banter. "Doesn't change the fact that you were kind of being a drunk brat."
, remember? Wholesome little cake topper who's the ideal poster child of America's favorite pastime. Who wouldn’t be soooo enamored by Steve Rogers? Howard’s obsession of you was as bad as the boys’ at prep school with Farrah Fawcett.”
Tony stares after him in disbelief. His blood is rushing in his ears and he throws the mitt that was clenched in his hand on the ground, storming off the field. He takes the tunnel through the back to exit the stadium, yanking the All-Stars jersey off over his head as he goes.
Rogers is going to know who he is. There’s not a single person who’s ever been inside a baseball stadium who wouldn’t know—
Steve leans against the pillows, resting his head on top of Tony’s. “Is it accurate?” He looks down at the folder Tony had brought to bed, a record of the Avengers’ wins and losses and overall stats for the past ten years.
Thor is the culprit yet again when Tony is hoisted into the air, now being lifted by many strong hands all around him until he finds a seat on Steve’s shoulders. He kisses the award and holds it out to the crowd, pointing as he’s spun around in slow circles. A few of the players chase Rezzo down with the water hose before it gets turned on Tony, soaking him and Steve both. He has half a mind to strip off the wet uniform and take a victory lap around the field in his underwear, but he decides to save Janet the aneurism just this once.
“Oh,” Steve says, eyes fixed on his beer. He feels tense but relaxed all at once knowing that somebody else knows about them, although he should’ve just assumed Tony would tell Pepper. He tells her everything.
“Yeah, slept in for once,” Steve laughs.
God, his
“Alright, that’s it, you’re cheating,” Sam declares, throwing his cards down on the table. “It’s the only explanation.”
“I need… to see him…” Steve takes a moment to catch his breath, pushing his wet hair back from his face to prevent anymore droplets from rolling into his eyes. “He’s home though?”
“When am I not?” He can hear Bucky’s grin. “Thanks for letting me know about dinner. You said you were with a friend, right? One of your players I assume?”
"Those Stark men aren't easy," Maria finally speaks, fingers worrying at the hem of her gown. “But I suppose that’s half their charm, isn’t it?”
Tony licks his lips. “About all that stuff Hammer said… I-I just wanted you to know none of it’s true. I shouldn’t even have to defend myself but it was just a bunch of bullshit Hammer was making up to try and get under my skin— I mean, it worked, clearly, but I just don’t want you thinking that I’d ever—”
The show of vulnerability reels Steve in a bit. He cups Tony’s face, smoothing his thumb over the small frown his lips were set in. “Retire. Don’t retire. It won’t make any difference to me. I just want to see you happy. And if I’m being honest, I’ve never seen you happier than I have these past couple years while you’ve been playing again.”
Clint’s eyes dart from Tony to Steve suspiciously as he follows the troops. “Hey, isn’t it bad luck for you guys to see each other before the wedding or something?”
Peggy paces back and forth in front of the line-up of her players, checking the itinerary on her clipboard as she looks over the men. "Jones, fix your tie. If you can't do it yourself have Dernier fix it for you for
The model of camera Tony has given him is simple, plain, nothing flashy to it. It’s brown and tan with a few accents of white, and there’s a nice camera strap attached to it that looks like Tony picked it out himself, a dark brown with light blue stitching criss-crossing in a simple pattern across it. Steve lifts it experimentally to his eye to peer through the eyepiece, framing up a few different shots without actually pulling the trigger. He had loved photography as a kid, usually trying to capture all sorts of things that he could reference later when sketching.
“It’s not as bad as it looks,” Bucky says quietly, sounding anything but convincing.
“Oh really?”
“To keep my contract,” Tony interrupts what Ty is probably trying to spin as a positive with the truth. “As long as they don’t leave me on the 40-man for more than a full season, I can’t be optioned to the Minors or be up for the draft for another team in December. Can’t break my contract ‘cause it’ll blackball me from playing until my lease is up with them. They’re leaving me
Tony hardly pays attention during the meeting, most of it just to acknowledge all the players who were called up for the game and to get to know which position everyone is in and who substitutes are. There’s only one other pitcher than Tony, the third selection calling out last minute due to an injury. This happens sometimes when it comes to the All-Star Game, but between himself and Norfolk’s Alston Bender they'll manage just fine. Bender will be the starting pitcher with Tony coming in as relief, information he already knows which is another reason this get-together is pointless.
straight that no one would even give him a second thought.
All of them watch the match unfold on the edge of their seats, ignoring the dirty glares they’re getting from hotel staff and guests for making a bit of a disaster in the lobby, taking up all of the available seating and having extremely loud reactions every minute or so of play. Janet and Natasha are standing behind the group, both watching with quiet intent. There’s a lot riding on this for both of them with Natasha being the first (and currently only) female coach in the Minor League, and Janet trying to bring back the glory of a team she had been managing for so long. No matter what the outcome of this game was, Steve needs to make sure they know how much they are appreciated, and that the Avengers wouldn’t be half the team it is without them— Championship game or not.
“If it makes you feel any better—”
Tony’s looking at him from under the towel, big brown eyes peeking out from beneath the rough white cloth. Steve’s hands run over his scalp until he decides Tony’s hair is sufficiently dried. The towel is pulled out from his grasp, Tony tugging on the end until it slips off his shoulders and lands on the floor with a wet-sounding thud. Steve’s hands hover awkwardly for a moment, in a position of almost cradling Tony’s face. He drops them to rest on the shorter man’s shoulders, not realizing how close their bodies were, chests almost touching. Tony’s whiskey-warm gaze is honed in on Steve’s face, something challenging there. His heart beat inexplicably speeds up as Tony sways forward, firmly locked in intentional eye contact. Steve feels his arms reflexively stiffen, stopping Tony in his tracks before he can do anything too rash. Before his dry mouth can try and form a stuttered apology, Tony moves away from him, seemingly unbothered by the rebuff. He has a small, exhausted smile on his face, almost like he had expected it.
Uh, yeah I
“Both of your hands will be fine with time,” she says, Tony exhaling deeply in relief, probably losing any hint of indifference he had been trying to save face with. “Your right will regain full mobility within 2-3 months as long as you don’t over exert yourself. Even after the cast and brace come off for your left, you will still need a few months of limited use and physical therapy just to ensure no further damage do it. Luckily, most of the breaks are clean. And like I mentioned before, we’ll still need to keep you here a while longer just until your ribs and the internal tears heal further. When you’re released you’ll need to be put on bed rest, and no strenuous physical activity for six months following.”
Steve had told his best friend. The warning had fallen on deaf ears and Steve now worries that his
He doesn't pitch every game, either. Carol seems to favor him for a good number of innings when he is slated for that position, which had been his only reservation coming in. The reason the All-Star Games frustrated him so much was because there were more people vying for his position, and plenty of directions that coaches can go in. The Knights are the same in that regard, which makes it all the more important that Tony proves he deserves to be here. He can’t slip up now and let everyone’s efforts to get him here go to waste. He may not be able to pitch an entire game like he could with the Avengers, but Carol finds other ways to make him useful.
