“We’re getting married,” Tony agrees, and wraps his legs around Steve’s waist, leans down to kiss him.
“Hey,” Steve says. “It’s me. I’m sorry. I’m sorry for the things I said, I’m sorry I didn’t call, and I’m sorry I made you feel like you were wrong.”
And then the priest starts talking, and while Tony prides himself on being able to maintain a very explicit stream of consciousness no matter the relative unsexiness of his surroundings, this priest is— well. Tony just can’t. She’s all old and sweet and she has this pair of glasses with little purple frames, and he’s never had a grandma but he thinks if he did, she’d probably look like this. Steve picked her and Tony can’t remember why — did some come with the house? Did she come with Steve’s church?
Steve's peace lasts about thirty seconds.
“You know I worry about you Steve, all alone in this hideous apartment—“
“It’s massage therapy.”
Tony Stark doesn’t believe in marriage. It’s nobody’s fault. —Well, it’s Howard's fault, probably, but Tony doesn’t like to think about that for too long, finds that it dredges up all sorts of issues he’d rather keep buried under a mountain of strategically employed sarcasm, humorous self-deprecation, and the occasionally effective substance abuse.
“You must be Mr. Stark.” Ms. Williams is tiny - not tinier than Riri, but tinier than Pepper when she’s not wearing heels, tinier than Peter. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
“I haven’t been there for you,” he says quietly, and Tony immediately wants to interject, because no, no, no, but Rhodey doesn’t really give him the opportunity. “I didn’t realize you were— I didn’t realize how bad it was. You’re so resilient, Tony, I’ve seen you bounce back from things so quick before, and I just thought—” he cuts himself short, point dropping off into a frustrated huff. “And then I find out you had to get your
Tony doesn’t have time to ravish him because their guests are arriving, but he hopes Steve takes the heated press of his gaze for the promise that it is.
I know it’s you doing all of this. If you think you’re being even remotely subtle, you’re an idiot. Thank you. I will never forget everything you’ve done for us, we definitely owe you.
But that is also when the problems start. Steve doesn’t like the fact that he has a thing under the category of “problems” relating to his and Tony’s relationship, but he can’t keep acting like it isn’t there.
”Why are you thanking me?” the therapist asks compassionately, discreetly handing him a package of tissues.
”I understand”, the doctor says, apparently realising that there’s no benefit in trying to make Steve believe anything else than what he does. ”Normally – as in on Earth – a mate’s passing away can usually be felt, but I can’t recall hearing about a case like yours. I can try to find out if there’s anything and get back to you on that, but right now you need to focus on surviving this heat.”
Steve’s mouth twitches into an exasperated smile. “Oh, here we go.”
At the very least, trying to coax the flat line of Steve’s mouth into a smile is a thrill-inducing challenge, and Tony has never been known to back down from one of those.
“He’s fallen asleep in the bedroom, Sir. I believe he was waiting for you.”
“Jane Austen?” he asks, brow raised.
“I was wondering if you could… deliver this.”
He pulls back, loops his arms around Steve’s neck, and frowns. “Why do you smell like one of those little trees they hang in cars?”
Tony’s forgotten what it’s been like to work this closely with Steve. They fought side by side in the final battle against Thanos’ army, but the chaos had been so overwhelming, so full of people, that Tony was working with a new Avenger from minute to minute. Here — today — he and Steve move like the duo they barely ever got the chance to be, trading quips and orders back and forth on the comms, leveraging each other’s strengths with startling efficiency.
On screen, Tony fires a repulsor blast at Steve’s shield. The resulting white-hot beam takes out a row of Chitauri. Tony smiles a little despite himself, a soft, forgotten thing.
“You smoke?” Tony repeats, trying to somehow take a drink from the open bottle without pulling away from Steve. It doesn’t work — Steve snatches the bottle out of his hand and steps back anyways, placing it gingerly on the ground.
He’s the most beautiful person Tony has ever seen.
“It’s just something small,” Steve starts, shrugging as Tony tips open the box. “I know you’ve already got a thousand, but I just thought...”
“Whew,” Steve says, leaning his head back against the step above him. The soft carpet cushions his neck nicely. He could probably take a nap here. “How much longer do we have to watch Bucky grind on drunk bridesmaids?”
“Honesty,” Tony repeats. “You don’t think that gets a little boring?”
They can’t really do a whole lot at this angle, so Tony gets up out of the chair, barely breaking apart from Steve to do it, and leans back against the end of the kitchen table. Steve kicks away the chair he was sitting in and properly wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, one hand trailing past the small of his back, their bodies pressed together. “Tony,” Steve pulls back, breathes against his mouth, but Tony recaptures his lips, unwilling to let this moment completely slip away from him. Steve gives into him for a second, kisses Tony thoroughly and attentively, somehow unbearably sexy even though he tastes a little like an Asiago bagel, but eventually he pulls back again, blue eyes brimming with questions.
Steve rolls his eyes and brushes his lips against Tony’s, the barest suggestion of a kiss. “I just want to make you feel good.”
"You know we can do this whenever, right," Tony mutters, turning his head to look at Steve. His mouth stretches wide around another yawn and his eyelids feel unbearably heavy. He stays awake to stare. Steve’s lashes are long and soft against his face, features perfectly relaxed in a way Tony has never seen before.
He keeps his hand on Tony’s ass, though, so that’s something.
Steve smiles. “I like that.”
She doesn’t wait for Steve or Tony. Steve pulls the key from the ignition and Riri's off like a bullet - throwing open the door and jogging into the sand, stopping at tide pools, collecting shells, and generally ignoring the both of them. She does, however, allow her mother to trail just a few feet behind her, engages her in conversation, shoots fond smiles at her when she thinks none of them are looking.
“I already have a fortune,” Tony mutters, rubbing at his face like he’s tired.
“I did.” Tony opens one eye.
…yeah, Tony thinks. Yeah. He probably did.
He tries to go to his workshop, start furiously working through solutions, trying to devise solutions of his own. He calls Bruce, he calls Rhodes, he calls his favorite professor from MIT. He builds—
“How long has it been since I last slept?”
“You’re too old for that shit. And it hasn’t happened since our early twenties, since the years after your parents… anyways, I know something is wrong. And whatever, you don’t wanna tell me, that’s fine. I can’t control that. But you know what I can do?”
Tony has only seen a pressroom go completely hear-a-pin-drop quiet three times in his life: first, when Obie released Stark Industries’ official statement on the tragic and sudden deaths of Howard and Maria Stark, second, when he told the world he was Iron Man, and third, when Captain America said ‘why should I give a fuck about America?’
“No.”
“Because you know I think therapy is bullshit.”
This was most definitely untrue considering the countless nights Steve had watched Sam flip through Tinder on the couch in their shared living room, but he bites his tongue on any objection. If it was really that important to him, he’d let Sam hold onto his pride.
Today he doesn’t bother with the paper and takes a marker to Tony’s forearm instead, tracing the lines of the Iron Man suit from memory. He manages a surprising amount of detail for someone working with Crayola. Tony uses his other hand to flip through Pepper’s most recent profit projections and catch up on celebrity gossip, but, truth be told, he spends more time watching Steve and the adorable little wrinkle that’s creased between his eyebrows.
Steve initially seems to want to shrink away from the sharpness in Tony’s voice, but he stands his ground, the set of his brow beginning to project that pesky unwavering determination so characteristic of Captain America.
“In which time you’d have booked a one-way ticket to Fiji.”
Tony doesn’t answer.
“Or you could just hold onto it for me! Until I’m—uh, better, or whatever. You can even drink some of it.”
Steve opens his mouth to offer some vague, nondescript answer, but the words die in his throat when he catches sight of a figure cutting a very familiar, lazy gait across the street. His eyebrows must shoot up to his hairline because Brock swivels to look, too, and makes a not-so-subtle sound of derision at the sight.
Viz doesn’t seem to read anything into the tone of his voice, because he presses on with that same absent expression. “Oh, yes. You might’ve met him -- James Rhodes? Apparently, he was dating someone who expressed absolutely no interest in a future with him. She might even have been manipulating him, taking advantage of his kindness. Tony convinced him to cut his losses and focus on his career.”
These are, unfortunately, reasonable and legitimate questions, which is deeply damaging to Steve’s Hate Tony Stark At All Costs strategy. He abruptly realizes he’s started glaring at Tony again, but Tony doesn’t seem to mind, matching the expression with a mild smile of his own. Steve narrows his eyes.
“That was really good,” he sighs, voice a sleepy mumble against Steve’s chest. He’s still sprawled out on top of him, their legs slotted together like puzzle pieces. “So good. Go team.”
He just wishes that caring took place far, far away from his liquor cabinet.
is me replying to your email,” Tony insists, and Steve is so hopelessly enamored by the fact that this man has no idea how to do anything halfway.
Her legs are folded beneath her and she’s taking slow, methodical bites of a granola bar. Her hair is plaited into a neat braid and she’s wearing workout clothes, yoga pants and a ratty t-shirt with something explicit in Russian across the tummy. (Tony only knows it’s explicit because Steve tried to look it up once and came up empty ‘cause his Google’s still on Safe Search.)
“Fuck off,” Tony answers, and sniffles again.
“I don’t know where you guys got that impression in the first place. You know how many military enlistment forms I lied on?”
one to boot.
“Does it surprise you?” Steve chokes out a bitter laugh, chest still tight and roiling with anger. “From the second I met you I knew it, Tony Stark — you are the last person on earth I could
The house feels uncomfortably empty the day Pepper and Rhodey leave, but the respective presences of Riri and Steve nosing about largely abate the feeling. It's shockingly easy how he and Steve have fallen back into a friendship, back into a routine. They each set these arbitrary boundaries that Tony flirts with the limits of every once in a while, even as Steve respects them to the letter. Tony figures that's probably a good idea, at least until they hammer out the finer details of whatever the hell kind of tension still exists between them.
“Like what?” Steve snaps, initial irritation surging with renewed vigor.
He kisses both of Rhodey’s smiling cheeks and pulls back to focus his attention on Pepper, who is drumming her manicured fingers on the roof of the car impatiently.
When he looks back up, Steve is staring at him, Tony’s wallet clasped loosely in one hand, cheeks pink. It happens so fast that Tony could blink and miss it, but Steve’s wide blue eyes flit briefly up and down Tony’s frame, and the blush on his cheeks ratchets a shade deeper.
“What did Wells Fargo do?”
“Asshole,” Tony insists.
“You should grow tomatoes,” Riri says loudly. She’s fiddling with her armor in the corner of the workshop and occasionally making loud clanging noises that Tony is certain are meant to entice him into helping her. “Or get bees and have a honey farm. That would be cool.”
“The rift as in the rift in the time-space continuum? The rift in the time-space continuum created by Reed Richards?”
Tony blinks several times, suddenly feeling at a loss for words. His eyes flick to where Riri is lingering on the porch, hands on her hips and eyes narrowed in the direction of Tony and her mother. She has so much to lose, Tony thinks, and she doesn’t even realize it.
“Yeah right, Tony Stark. You were trying to give me food poisoning."
Things start to get a little clearer when, during one dewy Tuesday morning, Tony wakes up to find Sam Wilson bleeding on his front porch.
“Wanna know what I think?” Steve asks, leaning up against the kitchen counter.
At the center of it all is Tony Stark.
“I was heartbroken!”
Robots fall, Steve and America punch their way through an army, and Exterminatrix loses it, little by little, and starts shrieking as she fights, which Tony would typically find disconcerting, but at this stage in his career all he can really think is ‘Jesus. Shut UP.’
And after Eli there’s...
“Be home in a day and a half. Love you.”
He’s flanked by two other kids whose names are currently escaping Tony. He wants to say one of them is called “Led” but that doesn’t sound quite right.
For a second Tony's confused as to why Steve's hesitating— because everything else he's thought Tony needed thus far has been given so quickly, so easily. It's only when Steve actually settles against the bed and starts gracelessly rambling about ranked choice voting that Tony realizes maybe something about this is different. Maybe it’s something Steve needs, more than Tony, even, and he didn't quite know how to ask for it. Based on the way his eyes seem to be drifting closed—even as he keeps talking—Tony thinks he might be right.
Second, every last one of Bucky’s hospital bills gets paid, right down to the prescription for the extra-power pain meds their crappy health insurance won’t cover. When he interrogates the billing department, they insist over and over it was a strictly anonymous source.
“You better. I’m in and out of there in under an hour, Natasha.”
It’s... weird. Or at least it should be, because this man was Steve’s sworn enemy mere months ago. He can’t deny it, though — even if his uncharitable feelings towards Tony Stark haven’t entirely dissipated, this encounter only feeds Steve’s growing curiosity about the man so many people at Arc seem to know, the man Steve doesn’t actually think he’s ever met.
Tony’s hand travels slowly down his back, lifts up the skirt and palms his ass again.
Steve propped himself up to look at Tony. ”Really?”
”They fall asleep?” Tony asks, not taking his eyes off the screen.
It’s a sure-fire way to make Steve stop, and he rests his head back down, letting Tony pull out of his mouth and take a breath too.
He didn’t really have much choice than to just take it as Steve forced a couple more pulses out of him. Then his fingers slowed down, leaving Tony a trembling, pre-cum stained mess.
Steve loved the scent of Tony down here, and he had missed it, the musk reminding him of all of the times Tony had fucked him out of his mind, of all the heats they’d spent together. During the five years they’d now been together, Tony had always been not only a very impressive but an extremely caring lover to him, always putting Steve’s needs in front of his own, and Steve didn’t mind giving back at all.
The whip starts going again, and Steve’s whole body sings. Tony is entirely correct on his estimate; on the third hit Steve finally yelps, not too loud but nevertheless. Tony gives him a small smirk.
It was indeed lucky, Steve wonders. Betas like Nat and Rhodey wouldn’t have smelled it early like Clint as an alpha had. Steve can tell he really is going into heat from the way the thought of an alpha being concerned for his well-being warms him. Having lost his whole family, Clint is the most broken of them all, but he’d still cared about Steve. Another sign of the heat is that the thought nearly has Steve in tears.
”Wanna have a cup of coffee with me?”
The sight of their house is comforting. Living in a mansion had taken Steve some getting used to, but he loves their home. Not because it’s beautiful and luxurious, although it undeniably is those things too, but because it’s where he and Tony have built their life together. Steve hasn’t felt home like here anywhere after his childhood.
Tony’s hips bucked upwards roughly, making Steve lose what little control he’d had of himself and drop his full weight on top of Tony. But the omega was determined; as his alpha struggled to fill his lungs with air again, Steve began moving, rocking back and forth on Tony’s cock.
”He says it’s nothing to worry about yet”, he says. Tony’s hands move comfortingly up and down on his arms.
”Better?” Tony asks. Steve nods, looking up to see Tony standing in front of him with Kieran, who’s drinking formula from a bottle greedily.
”Yes”, he reassures. ”Yes, it is, but I think I need some privacy now.” Well, the pain’s certainly bad enough that there’s no room left for coyness.
It’s Steve whose face feels a bit warm. Thor really does seem unaffected, and that puts Steve into an awkward position. He’s quite composed himself right now, but that won’t last. The heat will take over again. Luckily, Thor and Nat have at least been kind enough to cover his naked body after lifting him back on the bed. Although the colour on Steve’s face does get even darker when he realises next that Thor has most likely carried his naked, come- and slick-stained body back to the bed.
But now they are broken again, and Tony can’t bring himself to say the three words back, the words he’s said so many times before to Steve.
”But?”
He considers bringing it up, but on second thought, he wants to hear how Tony will explain what happened.
Tony sighed, but gave a small smile then.
”Forget it”, Steve snaps as he walks away.
There isn’t that much pain, though.  Sometimes he feels a mean twinge in his lower stomach, but it passes as quickly as it comes. The serum is doing its best battling against the curse, trying to heal the damage. The doctor tells him that only time will tell if it’s enough.
”I never meant for you to”, Steve says, not accusingly. He lifts his face and Tony searches his eyes, searches for the light behind all the pain. ”Never. I’m –” Tony can guess that he stops himself from saying that he’s sorry again. ”I’m here.”
”Look at you”, Tony purrs, stroking his tied arms, his shoulders, his hair. Then he takes hold of the corset with both of his hands and
”Well, I am now, so what’s the problem?”
Eventually, Steve swallowed and started cleaning the mess carefully with his tongue. Tony brushed some of it off from under Steve’s nose with his thumb, offering the thumb to Steve for clean up too. When the worst of it was gone, Tony tucked himself back into his boxers and knelt down.
Thor doesn’t answer, but it’s all written on his face; it’s over, and he has no answers for Steve.
Steve heard Tony swallow. He didn’t answer, which was good because he would’ve probably just made some joke, and Steve made sure that there wouldn’t be one by adding pressure into his fingers’ movements. Tony’s lips parted with a moan and Steve’s eyes soaked in the sight.
”Thor”, he tries frailly, but almost no sound comes out of his mouth. He has to try harder.
Tony continues to massage his lower back, and slowly but surely, he’s starting to melt Steve. Sure, Steve’s cock is still desperately hard underneath him, but he’s not thinking about it. He’s just lying there, feeling all of the pleasure but ignoring how it prompts his body to react. It’s almost meditative, in an ecstatic sort of way.
As they begin to approach the Titan, Steve isn’t afraid. Not this time. Thanos will take anyone from him again over his dead body, and he knows that Tony feels the same. But Thanos is angry, set on turning his twisted vision into reality, and before they know, the three of them find themselves losing ground again.
”I’d say we both did. Well, sixty-forty to me”, Tony murmurs against Steve’s neck and Steve hums, turning his attention back to his breakfast.
Steve gives a little laugh, and the weepiness is almost gone from his face. His hand begins to move up and down on Tony’s cock, and Tony buries his face into Steve’s neck, trying not to just slump on top of him. It feels so good to have Steve touching him that for a while he can’t even think about reciprocating, only makes low noises at the way Steve remembers how to touch him just right.
”Did you go to a party?” he’d asked, perfectly neutrally. Tony had looked up from his plate.
, Tony thought to himself, but didn’t bother to vocalize it. He turned his back to the door, hiding himself under the covers with a grunt. He listened as Steve stripped himself of his sweatpants and t-shirt – he’d been out for a run, because in Steve’s world that was what you did at 8:00 in the morning when everyone had been up drinking ‘til the small hours. Yesterday Tony had felt bad for Steve for his inability to get drunk, but now he envied him. As always.
”Lube”, Steve said, moving to place a few kisses on Tony’s inner thigh, his voice unhurried. Tony had the thing in his hands in seconds, passing it to Steve who glanced at him briefly, a satisfied glint in his eyes. Tony tried to smile playfully back through his haze, rocking his hips suggestively, and followed through half lidded eyes as Steve coated his index finger with the liquid.
Eventually, Happy arrives and she leaves with him, bidding Steve a nice day. The car has already driven off when Steve remembers that he is, in fact, annoyed as hell. He takes his phone and tries calling Tony but gets only the voicemail. So, he sits down next to the twins who are lying on a play mat and writes Tony a message. It’s rather outspoken at first, but in the end Steve wipes most of it away so that it just reads: ”You could’ve asked whether I needed Joanna here or not. Please don’t put me in a situation like that again. I can manage Kit and Emmy.”
Steve does realise that Tony’s talking about inviting Peter during the summer, but he doesn’t really see anything to write home about in it. It’s not like he has even made the money that allows him to have a home like this to invite people into. Legally, yes, it is technically half his, just like everything else because Tony has insisted so. In practise, he finds the thought of taking half of Tony’s wealth in the case of bond-break laughable. Then again, he finds the thought of bond-break unthinkable all together.
It wasn’t like Steve cared about the substitute for lube. He nodded, impatient, and watched Tony set the jar aside. Tony pushed a button under his chair, and arm rests rose to the sides of it.
”I really do like watching you work, by the way”, Steve confessed quietly. ”But I know I’d disturb you if I started hovering around all the time.”
”Are you serious? How’s that fair? I haven’t got a damn clue what’s going on, and you expect me to wait a week, like to catch the next episode? Which, by the way, I would never do either at this day and age.”
”I’m sorry”, he says, pressing his lips to the top of Steve’s head. ”Of course.”
”Yeah, and you’re in
Spring starts to turn into summer. Steve’s heat is still nowhere to be seen, but everyday life keeps him so busy that he hardly has time to dwell in it. Any spare time he has he spends training, his body catching up after pregnancy as quickly as one would expect. The exercise seems to help his moods too, and the post-partum depression he’s been struggling with becomes more and more just a shadow of itself as weeks go by. Most importantly, things are better between him and Tony. Sharing things, being open and honest with his feelings, is hard, but Steve can see it bearing fruit and keeps working on it.
”You haven’t needed a therapist to talk to me before”, Tony continues when Steve doesn’t answer.
Steve swallows. ”I don’t know. You need to move.”
She sets the package on top of a drawers table in the hallway and Steve thanks her, leaving the package be for now.
”Don’t worry about that, Steve. We’ll figure it out, and if it turns out that we’re never having sex again then so be it”, Tony tells him.
”They matter to me”, Steve says, and Tony thinks he can hear offence in his words. But he can’t take it to heart right now.
Tony came with a shout, clasping Steve’s hand and jerking violently as his seed rushed into Steve, nothing but hot white and
”I won’t hurt you”, he says, conflicted.
”How are you doing?” Nat asks.
To Steve’s surprise, Nat laughs through her nose.
to mark me?”
”Have you been able to sense him at all?”
Bucky’s brows furrow as he studies his friend in the light the fire throws onto Steve’s defeated demeanor like a judgement. He’s still Steve, the same kid from Brooklyn Bucky has known for as long as he can remember, the same who used to come with Bucky to steal apples from that old man’s farm and then go back two days later to apologize and offer to help with work to atone. The old man was always cranky as hell, and every time Steve swore that the next time he wouldn’t go and apologize anymore, and every time he did. Eventually, they grew up and stopped stealing apples, and little Steve became an adult who realized that the Steve who would go and apologize had always been right.
It’s not like the knowledge is going to stop him from caressing Tony affectionately and whispering sweet nonsense into his ear until the wonderful all over exhaustion finally overpowers him. In his opinion, Tony deserves all of it and more.
Finally, they’re left alone by Bruce, who tells Tony that they’ll take blood tests in a couple of hours once he’s been on the IV for a moment first. Tony asks to see Emmett again and Steve goes to fetch him, but the boy has fallen asleep in the carrycot Nat has temporarily put him in during all of the chaos. She has her hands full with the two women that have arrived with the spaceship too. Steve still has no idea who the hell the blue one is, so he greets her and introduces himself politely, then takes the carrycot and leaves Nat to deal with it.
Steve wants the pictures to stay on display. That is the only thing Tony thinks of when he crouches down to pick up the picture and pushes it back under the magnet neatly.
”Yeah”, Steve confirms quietly. ”There was no pre-heat, I just woke up one morning almost fully in heat. A doctor was called here, and he told me that a heat shouldn’t normally happen so soon after…” he solves his throat. ”After a bonded omega has lost their alpha. Of course, I didn’t know whether you were dead or alive.”
Saw the hint of softness that Steve had, probably unconsciously, gathered during the last couple of months and how it was already starting to make his pecs remind breasts a little. Tony took one of them in hand and Steve mewled, his cock leaking pre-cum onto his stomach. With an appreciative hum, Tony leaned in to suck a nipple into his mouth while his hand kept caressing the other pec.
He feels like he beams as he begins to come down, his eyelids parting to reveal Tony giving him and his come-face an open-mouthed, satisfied smirk. Steve offers him back a grateful smile, not even conscious of how his body still insists on moving lightly against Tony’s finger.
As Tony coaxes the tip of his tongue inside of him again, Steve is so far gone in his ecstasy accompanied deprivation that he wails.
”Are you sorry? Or do you think this is not
”Yes”, Steve agrees. ”You’re –”
”Very well”, Tony says nonchalantly, and before Steve can even begin to expect it, the whip starts going again, sinking into the soft flesh of his ass with force. Tony keeps striking him until Steve’s actually screaming, his voice echoing in the otherwise silent room.
”Don’t cry, silly”, Tony mumbled, a smile spreading onto his face. He drew his hand back from Steve’s behind and brushed it against his lips, his tongue coming out lazily to taste the trail of slick his fingers left on them. ”You taste too good to be crying, honey.”
Tony’s expression twists in a way that reveals he already knows what Steve decided.
”I’m stronger than anyone you can find. I might not…” Steve takes a breath. ”…
”’m not gonna bite my precious omega”, Tony insisted, his voice somewhat dozy again.
”Then trust me. I need you, Steve.”
”Hypothetically speaking? No. And neither is you growing a beard, by the way, if that’s where you’re going with it.”
Tony recognized that there was an attempt, but Steve’s answer didn’t quite qualify as words. From what he could deduce, it had little to do with anything except for one thing, and Tony needed Steve to focus out of that for a second so that he could change their position and then give Steve what he needed.
”But they will be.” Tony presses his body against Steve’s, wrapping his arm around him.
”No. He’s given instructions to Bruce. Bruce has a medical degree amongst the other ones”, Nat explains.
He could bet all of his earthly possessions that Steve was watching, though. Well, at least he wasn’t too dehydrated from yesterday, an obnoxious voice from the back of Tony’s mind said.
Steve shouldn’t be thinking about that at all, and Tony wants to shake his head in disbelief, but he refrains from doing that. He kisses Steve’s temple instead while he carefully pushes his finger into him.
Steve doesn’t laugh.
interested in hearing this, too.
Steve fought to find his voice. ”Yes, please.” He brought the heel of his foot against Tony’s back, trying to pull him even closer, and followed through half-lidded eyes as Tony worked his pants out of the way in an agonisingly unhurried manner, lowering them just enough for the task. His face didn’t as much as flinch as he gave himself a few sluggish strokes, his eyes studying Steve sharply, intimately.
”It’s perfect.
”I – I’d also allow them to be there when I take care of myself. Even worse, allow them to touch themselves. I decided that myself, Tony”, he says, disgusted at himself. ”I just… I thought –”
”Steve?” he asks quietly. ”Can I come in?”
”I’m sorry. I can’t”, Tony says, pulling out carefully. He feels awful.
He’s not okay. Between his own doubts and the worried looks Steve keeps giving him on the rare occasions Tony emerges from the workshop, Tony does consider the possibility that he has gone John Nash. After all, he’d been wondering if it would happen, him going insane.
At this, Steve can’t help his gaze from escaping onto Tony’s eyes, which stare readily back like they can see right through Steve. Something gets stuck into his throat and he can’t look away.
Tony hums like he wants to protest, but he’s too exhausted to even open his eyes.
”Yeah, yeah”, Tony had grumbled. ”Let’s just eat before I faint.”
”I love you”, he says instead, clinging to Tony with his eyes.
For this, Steve has an easy answer.
”That’s it, baby.”
Steve doesn’t answer, just grins slightly, looking so endearing that Tony could eat him. But he has other things in mind, so he hops out of the tub, Steve following him to the shower. As soon as he’s got the water running and they are both standing under the stream, Tony pulls Steve into a passionate kiss.
Tony sighs in wanton frustration, trying to fuck his cock into Steve’s hand but Steve doesn’t give him any friction. He wets a finger in his mouth and rubs it over Tony’s nipple, pinching it softly as he tempts Tony with his ass again. Tony whimpers and Steve can feel his cock weeping as the tip pokes his lower back.
“Tony”, he hears Steve say after a moment. “I love you.”
”You’re so good, baby. So good”, Tony continues in a hushed voice, so close that he can feel Steve’s breath on his face. He wants Steve to believe him. Steve’s always been struggling with these kind of things, with the dissonances in his body and sex, and it seems so unfair that he’s now been damned with another thing to feel insecure about. It’s Tony’s job as Steve’s mate and lover to convince him to feel otherwise.
”C’mere”, Tony mumbled then, lying on his back and tapping his chest with his healthy hand.
”Fuck”, he mutters, reaching to draw a finger over the laces across Steve’s back. Steve shivers, and Tony notices it, making a little questioning sound at him. Then he yanks the corset hard enough for Steve to lose his balance a bit, to make his back press against Tony’s chest. Tony brings a hand around him, breathes onto his neck.
Then it stops. Tony opens his eyes to see Steve plant a kiss onto his cock before climbing back up to the level of his face. He doesn’t have to wonder what Steve’s thinking when he feels him press an erection against his own.
Tony let out a pleased gasp.
He lies in bed and watches Emmett, who stares back at him with his brown hazel eyes – Tony’s eyes – and yawns. The room still smells of heat and blood, even though Steve’s been trying his best to clean it.
Taking off his reading glasses, Tony rubs his forehead. What he’s looking at is not time travel, but it’s something almost as unbelievable, and unbelievable is what Tony needs right now. But from data like this the experiments are hard to understand, never mind replicate. What he needs are Pym’s notes and calculations, the stuff the paranoid old man definitely hasn’t saved on a computer that Tony Stark could comfortably hack into. Which is any computer; the notes will be on good old-fashioned paper somewhere.
His only one.
”It’s okay”, Tony told him. ”I’m gonna take care of you now.”
”Go on.”
Steve gave Tony a disapproving look.
”You were trying to stop Thanos. Don’t go down that road, Tony.”
”You should sleep”, Steve says to her. Nat has been working day and night after Thanos, sending people on missions and trying to keep the remains of SHIELD together.
Steve settled his weight down and wrapped his other arm around Tony’s waist, mindful of his injury. He kissed Tony’s shoulder.
”But I can’t”, Steve had continued blankly. ”We can’t.”
”Okay”, Steve says understandingly. ”That sounds… eccentric. But as it happens, I’m a great sleeper. I really don’t think it would be that much of a problem.”
”If I knew, I wouldn’t say”, Steve tells him in a final tone. It’s most definitely not for him to share.
It’s Emmett who notices it first. Steve’s just changing him, his back turned to the window, when Emmett starts to flail his arm with curious eyes, his fingers pointing outside. The bright lights must’ve caught his interest, Steve deduces later. But now, he just chuckles at Emmett’s behaviour.
Steve is crying again but Tony can’t do anything than to hold him tighter.
Steve’s eyes flick up to Tony’s face at the realization, his cheeks flaming. He’s going to get titty-fucked. While wearing a skirt. And stockings. And –
”Relief”, Steve admits. ”A year is a long time to wait for another chance. A lot of things can change in a year.”
Afterwards, the other one – Emmett, as he’ll be – falls asleep in Steve’s arms. When he’s finally able to take his eyes off of him, Steve lets his own eyes fall closed too, feeling sweetly numb and exhausted. There should still probably be pain, but the overwhelming sensation of happiness keeps him from feeling it. Tony is right next to him with the other one, and Steve listens to Tony coo at him quietly for a long time, eventually lulling him asleep too. He feels Tony get up and settle the baby to his bassinet.
”Yeah, I’m free. Passed the tests”, he answers nonchalantly. He does look better, Steve thinks. It will take time to gain the weight back, but the colour is back to his face, his eyes looking sharp again.
”I know it hurts”, he whispers, treading his fingers through Steve’s hair. ”But, baby, you have to work with me, I can’t pull us through this alone.”
Peter’s only sixteen. Once again, it’s really not his business, but Steve can’t help thinking that a kid that age really should have some proper time off from protecting the neighbourhood. As a side note, being around small children was also supposed to have a good impact on young alphas who were still learning what being an alpha actually meant.
”But I don’t know if I’ll be able to… anything. I don’t know anything”, Steve continues difficultly. He’s so tired and humiliated. ”I want to. I want to be close to you.”
There’s a small note taped to the backside. It says: “You don’t know how much I love you”, a piece of lyrics from one of the songs. It’s in Tony’s handwriting.
”Would you have understood it if I’d let Thor knot me instead?”
”Good?”
your week been, Tony?”
He doesn’t remember it, or more accurately, think about it, in the afternoon when Kieran starts crying, making Steve pick him up and rush to look for Tony. He finds him in the kitchen making late lunch, and at first he doesn’t even realise that Tony isn’t alone.
He hisses as Steve scrapes his shoulder with his nails, shivering.
The door to the room opens. Steve lifts his face to see Bruce standing at it. He had been so absorbed in his thoughts that he hadn’t even heard the man approaching.
”Are we being selfish?” he asks after a brief silence.
A strained noise left Tony’s throat, and Steve could feel through their bond that the praise pleased him. He kissed the behind of Tony’s ear, slowing down his thrusts again. Tony wasn’t usually the best at taking praise, and Steve was prepared to use the opportunity.
”I can’t believe you’re mine”, he says, kissing Steve’s forehead. ”I can guarantee I’ll be fighting with you for a long time, sweet cheeks.”
It had taken even more time for him to learn that Steve actually never forgot anyone. And that meant literally anyone. Every single person he’d lost, he remembered by the name, remembered the way they went, remembered the last thing they’d said to him, no matter how brief their presence had been in his life.
Steve affirms, and they leave the shower. In bed, Tony wraps his arms around Steve familiarly, whispering good night against his neck, and Steve nuzzles his face against the arm Tony’s placed under his head, holding onto his hand. In less than five minutes, he’s asleep.
Tony stops with his hand midair on its way to the popcorn jar. He pulls his hand back onto his lap and seems to contemplate his answer.
Steve nods, letting Tony pull him up.
Like that matters. It would heal in a minute, the abomination he is.
”Why do you never stay the night?”
”Okay”, he relented, his fingers rubbing Steve’s shoulder with hardly any strength.
”Just tell me.”
”Steve, there was probably more alcohol in my body than water towards the end of the night. No, I don’t remember.”
”How are you doing?” he asks Thor after a while.
A little hum left Steve as he watched the pleasure on Tony’s face. He continued to lick his balls, sucking and kissing and playing with them, until Tony gripped his hair tighter, pulling his face to his cock.
”With your permission, I will brief your friends on your situation”, the doctor finishes, getting up from his chair. Steve hardly manages to mumble something he thinks will pass as permission back to him.
Steve happens to be watching outside, waiting for coffee to brew, when an orange circle spontaneously starts to form in the air on their back yard. It takes him approximately two seconds to gather Kieran and Emmett from the playpen to the safety of his arms.
. They had agreed there would be no talks. But Tony doesn’t have the strength to argue against it, and a part of him wants to keep Steve there for any reason, because for the first time in weeks, the bond is not giving him total hell. It’s still not satisfied, wants for Tony to be closer, to pull Steve into his arms, but it’s also… soothed.
”Subtle, Tony.”
But that was the height of it. For the majority of the world, Steve Rogers has 1)
After he’s made sure that Tony’s been okayed by Bruce to leave his care and arranged for a check-up back at home, Steve agrees with Tony’s suggestion whole-heartedly. They’re on their way home before noon.
”I don’t need more children, I need you”, Tony states truthfully.
”Ahh fuck, that’s good”, he says to himself, indulging.
”I don’t know.” Steve’s voice is colourless, his eyes fixed into the distance. ”I don’t know”, he repeats after a while, turning to look at Bucky. He wipes away a tear that rolls to his cheek.
It’s already getting light outside when Steve finally falls asleep.
Fluttering his eyes finally open, Steve grabs Tony’s forearm and kisses his wrist. It’s the ”bad” arm, the one coated with scar tissue all the way up to Tony’s neck. A lot of the touch in it has been lost, but the wrist does feel and Steve knows it. Tony presses a reciprocative kiss to Steve’s neck, and Steve reaches back to run his fingers through Tony’s hair as he cranes his neck languidly to expose it better.
Being forced to speak with the gag on puts the cherry on top of Steve’s humiliation. He sucks, trying to swallow as much spit from his mouth as possible.
Later, when he’s cooled off a little, Tony acknowledges that it isn’t exactly wrong of Steve to want closeness. Or sex. They’d been amazing at sex. But Tony also knows he’s not there yet and pressuring really won’t get him there quicker.
”What?” Tony asks, a hint of harshness creeping into his voice.
”I like spoiling you”, he tells Steve, making his voice as soothing as possible. But Steve’s smile is frail and Tony knows that there’s more.
He hears Steve swallow, and Tony knows his answer is cryptic, but his mind is processing through the implications of what he has just said himself, and he can’t offer Steve anything more before he’s had time to settle his own heartbeat and thoughts.
”No”, he says, trying to keep his voice steady. ”Stay here.”
The overall direction of things is positive. Tony starts thinking of Steve again without the anger beginning to boil in his veins immediately, without the hurt burning his insides. He finds his trust rebuilding, catches himself feeling optimistic.
Tony rubbed the bridge of his nose.
”You shouldn’t try to carry all of us on your shoulders.”
”Sweet cheeks –”
”Can I –” she pauses. Steve tries to see her expression in the darkness, but she turns her face away. Steve waits as she seems to collect herself before looking at him again. ”Do you think I could sleep with you and Emmy tonight?”
”We’ll fix us”, he says instead, looking away. ”Even if it’s the last thing we do.”
It’s true, but it’s not the whole truth, and Tony can sense that. He presses his lips to Steve’s lower back, kissing his way up his spine, and Steve shivers. He might have gone to a little too dark of a place for a second there, but he definitely doesn’t want to stop.
Bruce jogs to his side.
”Thank you, sir”, he says sincerely, and Tony presses his lips gently to his cheek before he rams his finger mercilessly against his prostate. Steve’s muscles jerk violently, the abuse on the over-sensitised spot making his hips escape towards the mattress, his wrists tensing in the ties. The reaction, made complete by a suffocated wail from him, only makes Tony grin wider. But then he’s already making up for his jerk move, pulling his finger out and caressing Steve’s lower back, kissing his neck.
Steve rested his head carefully onto Tony’s chest, planting a few kisses onto his skin first. Tony’s fingers came down to play with his hair lazily.
”No, not really”, he said, sounding frail but content. ”You can move.”
Steve walked to him. ”There’s no milk”, he stated. He could guess Tony’s fake argument right away when he heard him open his mouth. ”
Steve wonders if Tony is imagining him with slashed wrists, crying hysterically on the phone.
After the initial string of noises and incoherent cussing, Tony actually clicked his tongue out of frustration. Steve was being way too gentle, sinking into him slowly and carefully. But the click of tongue was effective; Steve rewarded it with burying the rest of his cock to the hilt in one robust movement. Tony’s body objected to it, trying to jerk away reflexively, but Steve steadied his hip with a strong hand and kept him in place. Yeah, before making bitching sounds Tony might’ve considered the fact that Steve’s cock was just as enhanced as everything else about him or put more simply; huge.
been making sure that whenever we meet late and you might expect me to stay, it has been on a day before I do have that flight to Tokyo or something. And honestly, more often than not I could’ve stayed despite whatever I had on my calendar, it’s just a question of planning. I’m sorry for doing that, you didn’t deserve it. My only excuse now is that I’m so crazy about you that I got blinded by my ridiculous insecurity.”
Tears spill to Steve’s cheeks, his anger subsiding from sorrow’s way again.
Tony pulls away. ”Great. I just wish you would’ve told me.”
”Will she be all right? For now, I mean – if you want to… need to…” Tony stammers. The thought of giving up Steve’s company for the night that might very well be their last doesn’t make him happy, but he knows that if Steve thinks he needs to be there for Nat, he will. Even though Tony needs Steve too, he doesn't much like the thought of Nat being left alone either. Nat is family, too, in a way. They all are.
”Good morning, Captain”, a man’s voice says. Steve recognises it, and for a moment the surge of dopamine from an alpha’s presence outweighs even the disappointment that the alpha in question isn’t Tony.
”Tony”, Steve tells her. ”He convinced me that we deserved it.”
Steve catches his breath. He tries not to let out an ugly sob.
”Yeah, yeah – he’s – wait a second –”
”I love you for how much you care”, Steve ignored him, kissing his forehead. ”Even if you’d be piss poor, you’d always make sure that I have enough to keep this monster of a body going.”
Sick of his thoughts, Tony finally comes to a breaking point and gets up to pour himself a drink, but he stops with the bottle already in his hand. You can do better, he tells himself. You’re Iron Man, you’re an alpha, you’re a genius, and you can do better. He’ll have to do better, because clearly, he hasn’t been doing that with where he’s ended up.
Steve nods, and soon Tony is on his back on the bed. Steve climbs on top of him, and the kisses and touches become quickly less and less about apologies and forgiveness and more about love.
under his breath.
Steve swallows and nods, squeezing Tony’s hand briefly without looking at him. He has avoided thinking about the whole thing, Tony’s return and finding Thanos allowing his mind to be occupied with other things.
His prediction didn’t seem entirely wrong, however, because when Steve turned to look at Tony, the alpha twitched, looked startled for a second, and then turned his head to blink at him sleepily.
”Oh, Steve… No.”
”All right”, he says determinedly, leaning his forehead against Steve’s. ”This Friday, you’ll come to my place and you’ll bring your toothbrush with you.”
Steve finds it incredibly soothing, even more so when Tony’s hands find his tied wrists and rub them gently. The cuffs are so high-tech that it’s near impossible to get bad blood circulation wearing them, and Tony knows that too. It’s more of a way to check in, and it doesn’t fail to make Steve smile.
Great, Steve thinks. They’re not even in the room yet, and they’re already fighting. This is going to be just great.
”A lot of people in Thanos costumes”, he describes. ”You’d love it.”
There’s just still too much anger left in Tony, and he doesn’t want to bring any of that with him to their bed. That he won’t allow, he won’t risk the slightest chance of seeing himself hurting Steve ever again. It would rip his heart to pieces.
”If ’your way’ is finally home, then yes.”
”You do what you used to”, he tells Steve. ”You go and apologize.”
“Take a wild guess”, Tony says, nuzzling his face against Steve’s bicep.
”Oh, I smell you. I just don’t care.”
”How much I hate your singing voice. ‘You don’t know how much I hate your singing voice.’ That’s what I was gonna say.”
”Good god”, Tony sighed. ”Seems
On Tuesday evening Steve comes to a breaking point. Feeling like he needs to talk or he’ll lose it he calls his therapist. It’s not an easy thing to press her name on the contact list, but he tells himself that he has to try his everything to manage, for Kieran and Emmett. For himself, too.
”It’s the medication, honey”, he told Tony soothingly, his thumb lightly rubbing circles onto Tony’s skin. The medication really was strong so this wasn’t too surprising, but since Tony had quite a good record of maintaining his functionality when intoxicated, Steve had thought that perhaps the painkillers wouldn’t be able to dispirit his erection either.
Eventually, he gives in. After a long staring match with a bottle of scotch, Tony finds himself finally beaten, a glass of the honey brown liquid in his hand. The bitterness of the alcohol is sweet on his tongue, burning his throat familiarly as he sinks the first drink down in a single shot.
He’d once told Tony that he was grateful for it.
let Steve carry him. On the other hand, he did want to get rid of all the bodily fluids on and in him. Oh, what the hell.
”Bye then, bunny”, Steve whispers, kissing Emmett’s forehead. Emmett’s wide, brown eyes smile at him, his small fingers reaching to touch Steve’s nose. ”Be a good boy to Aunt Nat and Uncle Rhodey.”
”You could’ve told me you were coming.”
”Yeah”, Steve manages. ”Just… overwhelmed.”
”Why do you think it’s hard?”
”I know you are. Now, get up here.”
”I’m sorry, sir”, Steve tells him, knowing already that another punishment is heading his way. It could be good, but there were ”bad” punishments too. Steve has agreed to all of them, of course, because the mere possibility, the fear of them makes him dizzy with lust.
Then, without warning, Tony wraps his hands around the collars of Steve’s dress shirt and yanks roughly, ripping the fabric slightly to expose more skin. Steve lets out an amused noise that quickly turns into a moan as Tony sinks his teeth into his neck, holding him in place by his shoulders. The bite is perfect, not too soft but sweet enough to make Steve slick instantly.
Tony’s fingers wrap around Steve’s cock. He has lost his erection, but it doesn’t take much effort from Tony to make him hard again. Steve breathes unevenly, and Tony holds his gaze for a moment, then leans to suck Steve’s lower lip into his mouth, biting it softly. Steve lets out a choked sound and Tony kisses him, twisting his wrist as he strokes him slowly.
”You don’t know how much –”
After a few weeks of things getting worse and worse, Bucky comes to see him. Steve’s surprised that Tony allows it after Siberia, but he guesses that Tony’s getting desperate. He does take the babies with him as he leaves them alone to talk. Steve rolls his eyes at this, nowadays almost permanently pissed at Tony without any real reason.
”I love you”, he says, and it’s meant for Tony but through him, for the twins too. Tony has to swallow a couple of times, his expression defenseless, before he can answer.
He lay on his back, his hips still jerking slightly, and allowed his eyes to close for a moment.
”Tell me”, he says.
”No”, he says, a hint of playfulness in his voice. Tony pinches his butt.
”You were in a horrible situation”, he starts warily. ”And you chose loyalty to me over your own health. How could I blame you for that?”
Tony doesn’t have a very exact sense of the time right now, but he’s fairly sure that Steve’s back early. FRIDAY would usually inform him of his arrival, but she hasn’t now and to be fair, Tony could’ve guessed as much. There’s no point in trying to somehow explain the sight Steve’s witnessing, so Tony just raises his bottle at him as a greeting, then shrugs like an asshole. Steve leans his shoulder against the door frame.
from the need to breed despite the fact that it had been just hours since the last round. His eyes drifted briefly to where his cock was slipping in and out Steve, to all the slick glistening around Steve’s hole and inner thighs, to his own swollen base. With a loud growl, he slammed his hips against Steve forcefully.
It’s not fair, Steve thinks, but not the stupid fact that Tony made his hips buck involuntarily. Tony is being so good to him and he’s behaving badly.
Steve looks so young and vulnerable, lying there on the floor and sounding so honest, and Tony is reminded of the hurricane that had walked into his life in the form of Steve Rogers a couple of years ago. Of the confused and traumatised man from the past, of the omega with a body that was all wrong for his nature, but who was still so proud, so beautiful, ready to take on anyone who’d stand in his way. And behind all that, perhaps the loneliest thing in the whole world.
”Just…” Steve starts, his voice pleading.
Steve obeys, wrapping his hand around himself. A soft whine leaves him at the contact, and Tony gives him a look of approval.
”Since you’ve gone through all this trouble to dress up for me”, his silky voice continues as he stands up and takes off his underwear, ”I’m going to fuck you…”, he straddles Steve’s chest, and Steve can’t decide whether to listen or to stare at Tony’s cock, the cock Tony gives a few lazy pumps and then brings between Steve’s pecs. “… right here.”
”FRIDAY? Please keep ’em distracted for a while.”
Tony’s joking, but it’s funny how there could actually be a hint of truth in his words considering what Steve has discovered about Peter today, if stereotypes of teenage alphas were taken into account. He’s not gonna bring it up, but Tony’s apparently thinking along the same lines, because the next he muses: ”Wonder how he’s gonna be”, like he’s read Steve’s thoughts.
Steve touches Tony’s arm. ”Keep touching me. Please”, he asks, his jaw catching a slight tremble. Tony hadn’t even noticed that he’d stopped, and with a small ”sorry” he starts moving his hand again.
It’s uncomfortable to hear. It doesn’t make any sense to Steve, his mind objecting anything positive regarding himself.
”Perhaps. But not like I have needed you. No one else in this country probably even has the funds needed to feed me.”
Bucky’s brow furrows, and Steve turns his eyes away from his concerned expression. He asks Bucky about Wakanda to change the subject, and they talk about that and other things not involving Steve and what’s wrong with him for a while until Tony shows up to check on them. He walks into the room exactly like an alpha having a threat under his roof would, unable to mask his reservations.
”Okay”, the therapist says. ”I’m still interested in hearing about your week, Tony.” She looks at Steve. ”Steve, even if it feels difficult, try to let Tony speak.”
”And that was enough for you?”
Despite his fussing, Tony’s in good spirits, full of energy all the time. When Steve gets on a mood, he endures it patiently; when Steve begins to worry, he halts the fussing and becomes his rock. He’s also horny as hell, which sometimes gets them into borderline comical situations, like lying on the kitchen floor stuck together while Steve’s half-ready breakfast gets cold on the stove. But Steve can’t pretend he doesn’t welcome it, his state making him needy physically and emotionally alike. At its wildest it’s almost like during heat, Steve waking up with Tony already inside of him just like he’s asked for, the house too full of pheromones for anyone else to even consider entering it.
”Don’t worry about it. It’s not like I have anything better to do until we find that son of a whore Thanos”, he says, fixing his eyes back to his program.
”It was supposed to be a joke. My bad. I keep forgetting your, uh, situation.” He sounds slightly nervous and Steve gives him a reassuring smile. ”This is not AC/DC, to be clear, it’s Art Tatum actually. Never-mind.”
“Okay,” Steve says, gently disentangling himself from Tony. Tony lets him go, but curls around Steve’s mismatched assortment of throw pillows. “I really gotta head to work. You can let yourself out whenever, and of course you’re welcome to anything in the fridge."
Everyone else has turned back to the screen, but Eli is still looking at him with this quizzical expression. Tony doesn’t yield, and his eyes finally dart away, attention recaptured as Kate accidentally elbows him in the side.
Tony is silent for a few moments, then he leans forward and braces his elbows on the table, blinking curiously at Steve. “Rhodes knows she’s here. He stalks her on social media for half an hour every morning. If he hasn’t done anything about it on his own, then should I really interfere again? Would she even take him back?”
things. You’re not trying to make yourself happy.”
“—This is something you’ve always done,” Rhodey tells him, point blank, no anesthesia.
Tony really doesn’t start paying attention again until Steve’s aisle song starts playing — Nothing Can Change This Love by Sam Cooke — and Tony thinks ugh, god, finally, we can get on with this. The rest of the bridal party comes down. Sam manages to get by without tripping Bucky, and everyone carefully pretends not to notice the lipstick on Natasha’s collar. (Tony, however, takes a moment to smugly think: ha — that is a thing!)
“I guess, but remember I didn’t exactly marry you for your brai—“
“Holy shit,” Steve agrees, and hugs a pillow to his chest.
Tony presses his nose against Steve’s temple, fingers moving in rhythmic, quick movements up and down his length. Steve is panting for it now, back curving in a delicate arch, fingers curling tighter in Tony’s hair. Shivers snake down Tony’s spine, his own arousal hot and insistent against his thigh. He ignores it.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, even though he’s still laughing. He presses his lips between Steve’s eyes and pulls back to look at him. “You were heartbroken,” he agrees, and Steve leans up to kiss him, and, hey, maybe they can have a normal fight.
Maybe he’s a little sleepy, now. “There are other people. People that would be better at this than us.”
The Arc Technologies Youth Initiative starts advertising. The first time Steve sees a bus go by with his art on it, he calls Sam and they both cry. He gets a postcard from Peter and Ned from MIT. He arranges a lunch with MJ, for when she gets back into Queens.
“Excuse me, Sam,” Bucky says, grinning wickedly, “that’s every rich eligible bachelor under
“Are you kidding me? Because you never would have come! You
“You’re very stubborn,” he tells Steve, shaking his head though maintaining a patient smile.
Steve has put the key in the lock, but he doesn’t twist it, hand falling away from the handle. Tony is standing on the first step, too close for Steve to maintain a normal heart rate, and too far for what Steve would really rather be doing right now.
“She… what? Like an alien? How do you know she’s not hostile? How do you know she’s not Loki?”
“Well, his prospects were barely fine to begin with. He was always gonna wake up in Brooklyn." Steve pauses meaningfully, eyes narrowing just the slightest bit as he stares Tony dead-on. "With me.”
“Yeah, Jesus, come in,” Tony says, opening the door and guiding them inside.
“Great start.”
It’s a pretty tight squeeze, two grown men in a finite space meant for people with slightly more normal proportions than Steve. By the time they settle, Tony’s legs are tangled up with Steve’s, and Steve’s hands are splayed along his calves, gradually moving towards his ankles. Tony thinks maybe Steve’s had a shot of Thor’s Asgardian Wonder Juice, ‘cause he’s not usually this tactile.
One night, coming home to a quiet apartment after a 6 hour shift at the bar, he sits down in front of his laptop to write an email. He tries to make it minimally pathetic, but it’s three AM and he’s feeling emotionally vulnerable and he listened to AC/DC on the Subway ride home. His original draft is about 6 paragraphs and he reads over it, instantly horrified, and abruptly erases everything.
“Stark Industries will no longer be manufacturing weapons. From this day forth, all our resources will be devoted to clean energy technology.”
It’s not like every fucked up thing about Tony just…
Steve’s daydreaming so hard that it takes more than a couple seconds for Tony’s proposition to register. By the time he’s properly formed an answer, his husband is already leaning in for a kiss and tugging Steve forward by the front of his suit jacket. Steve keeps it as chaste as he can manage with the warmth of Tony’s palm splayed against his rib cage, though his self-control has waned over the course of the largely monotonous evening. New Year’s parties hosted by the board were always a special kind of torture, and Steve would usually prefer a couple rounds of bullets with HYDRA to a couple rounds small talk with the ancient chairman.
“The young lady I was talking to — Jada — contacted me. She's a second year law student. She said they might listen, because I still have a lot of pull with white guys.”
“Flatterer,” Steve says wryly, pinching Tony’s hip in lazy punishment.
Tony scowls in a way that is painfully cute, especially with his glasses sitting crooked on his nose. “No. I guess if you want to wordlessly ravish me like the underdeveloped caveman you sometimes become, that would be fine.” Tony spreads his legs to accommodate Steve’s presence between them, hitching them up around Steve’s waist. “It’ll be a great burden, obviously, but luckily you married a deeply benevolent man.”
“You’re right, I do.”
should go to sleep. Probably hours past your bedtime.”
”Yes”, Steve answers, hating that he has to say it aloud.
”I’ll tell Tony.”
As Tony’s consciousness slowly begins to move back to reality, he registers Steve trembling slightly. Without really thinking, he pulls the covers tightly around them. Steve’s not trembling out of cold, of course, but it’s the only thing Tony can think of to do. He hums at Steve, a soothing, primal rumble. His spine jerks occasionally as his knot swells inside Steve, locking them together.
It manifests differently in both of them. Tony wakes up violently, shouting or thrashing, and he hates for Steve to touch him immediately after. He has to excuse himself to the restroom, sit in the empty bathtub for a couple hours and repeat to himself:
Steve pulls Tony’s hand away and kisses him, chaste and teasing, though there’s something softer hidden in it. “We’ll look into Guam real estate in the morning. Now it’s time for bed.” He pushes onto his feet, used q-tips and bandages pinked up with blood clasped loosely in his fingers.
Steve sighs and does indeed go back to knitting, but this is way too easy a concession and Tony should really know better at this point.
Tony blows a very loud raspberry to cut Steve off, and promptly stumbles over to the couch. Ruby hops up next to him and rests her head on his thigh.
“You really, really want to get married to me?”
, says Deja from Research and Development.
The conversation had been more confusing than helpful. Ultimately Tony decided to give up and begrudgingly permit the presence of America in his home. She’s secretive, pretty mean, and definitely has some sort of deep rooted mommy issues, but whatever. She’s Steve’s, and at some point in the last few months, that has come to mean that she’s Tony’s as well.
“Just look at her, Steve, it says she’s single and interested in men!”
“Well noticed.”
Tony looks amused, but tilts his head back in mild consideration.
Steve bristles a little, then hesitates, observing some sort of tightly contained emotion flick across Tony’s face. “He came in for a coffee at the bakery where I work,” Steve says quietly, though frustration underscores the admission. “He’s been having a pretty rough time of it, lately. Figured he could use a new friend.”
“Yes, I’m sure you look just horrible naked, now,” Steve deadpans.
“Ha, ha,” Steve deadpans. “Anyways, you can forget it.”
The venue tonight — a historic hotel in the heart of Brooklyn — offers many convenient hiding places where they can both escape the crushing feeling of being the only single people in a sea of newly married couples. In no time at all Sam has found them a dimly lit staircase sectioned off with some red velvet rope and a strategically positioned potted plant.
Rhodey uncorks a bottle of wine with his teeth, makes direct eye contact with Tony, and tips it into the sink.
“Come on, baby,” Tony says, knowing full well what the pet name does to Steve. He takes another small bite of the brownie, much to Steve’s dismay. “You’re not gonna make me do this alone, are you?”
“That’s called
“Friday?” he asks, rubbing at his eyes.
Nobody breathed, in that room, not for several, dragging minutes. Pepper ushered them out of the briefing hall, Steve endured a lecture about going off-script during conferences, someone stuck him in a cab on a one-way trip back to his apartment to wait out the inevitable media storm. And, even as the rest of the world pushed forward, Tony stayed stuck, breath still caught in his throat, admiration still frozen in his chest.
Tony looks up at him and feels so blindingly, terrifyingly in love.
The label is printed in neat black letters. The sight sparks a disorienting mix of emotions at the center of Steve’s chest, and he's—off balance, somehow. Like this thin, unassuming file folder has somehow come to life and dispensed a physical blow.
Another funny squiggling sound.
These days, it feels like something else.
Steve doesn’t know how Tony could be so blasé about it, the fact that he ruined this man’s life. He feels anger rising up in him, quick and cutting, but he presses it down the best he can.
The flight back home is quiet. They could talk over the comms, but they don’t, just watching the city pass beneath them in silence. Tony’s lived the biggest parts of his life in four different places with four different people - Rhodey in Massachusetts, Pepper in Malibu, Yinsen in Afghanistan, and Steve in Manhattan. It’s been an incredible life, but watching the skyscrapers and city road disappear on the ground beneath him, he can’t say he’s unhappy with where he’s finally settled.
They spend an awkward amount of time looking at each other like that, a foot of space between them, neither really sure what to say, until Steve — tired of fearing rejection, of second-guessing intentions, of holding back — moves forward and throws his arms around Tony’s neck in a hug. Tony hugs him back immediately, hands settling at the small of Steve's back. He smells like coffee and expensive aftershave.
Riri looks to Tony for support, but Tony merely shakes his head, tucking his hands into his pockets. He knows better than to interfere when Steve has his mind made up, and judging by the glint in his eye, Steve’s mind was made up the second he realized it was Ms. Williams on the phone.
“Ten years of marriage, and now you need a little romancing?” Steve says, slipping his hand beneath the robe to cup Tony’s hip. “Going soft on me, Stark?”
to be loved. Sometimes, at least.
The city feels haunted. Peter is alive, but every time Tony sees him there’s this burgeoning anxiety in his chest, like each second they spend together is a second he’s at risk to ash away. It’s pretty much the same with Pepper, he’s both terrified to be in the same room with her and terrified to leave her unguarded, a confusing combination of impulses that sets his teeth on edge every time they try for a casual conversation. He keeps looking for threats over her shoulder, spends entire nights sitting at the foot of their bed watching the door.
“Sir?” says a voice from the ceiling that makes Steve start.
He steadfastly avoids Tony the whole night, but oddly enough ends up chatting with who appears to be his guest for the evening -- an amiable British guy who introduces himself as ‘Viz’. He tells Steve that Tony’s just in town for the weekend, doing some business in Manhattan before heading back to Malibu.
Even still, the mere sight of him makes warmth bloom at the center of Steve’s chest.
And if Steve laughs when Tony yells “Stay hydrated!” at his retreating figure, well. No one ever has to know.
“I do just fine, Tony.”
“Indeed, Sir.”
Shit.
Riri, however, looks delighted by the inquiry. She grabs her briefcase and starts unloading the pieces of her suit - red and gold, just like Tony’s, but clearly made for a tinier body, and she’s put the arc technology at the center of her forehead rather than her chest. She starts prattling on about a thousand things Steve barely has the minimum knowledge to understand. He is unfailingly polite, though, so he nods sweetly and asks questions and tells her how smart she is. The whole exchange makes Tony scowl into his schematics.
Tony’s a big fan of certainty these days. He likes waking up, heading to the lab, and splitting his time between R&D for SI and new gear requests for the kids (they call themselves the Young Avengers. Tony calls them Riri & Company.) Every now and again, Pepper and Rhodey will visit, or he and Steve will go on some sickly-sweet domestic outing, but barring that, his life is completely predictable.
It’s far from unusual for Steve to walk into his apartment and find Peter Parker pacing in his living room, but most days his expression is slightly less anguished and he isn’t wearing a Tom Ford suit that looks a size and a half too big for him.
Steve closes the door behind him and just looks at her, arms folded over his chest.
Tony doesn’t seem all too concerned with the situation. He’s seated on a squishy armchair in the corner of the room and currently eating ice cream straight out of the tub with what looks like a fork. He seems far more intent on getting the ice cream to stay on the fork than actually paying attention to whatever crisis Peter’s currently in the middle of. Ruby is spread out at his feet and looking up at him with judgmental eyes.
“Don’t be cute. I hate you right now.”
Steve probably shouldn’t have let Natasha dress him, but the suggestion that Brock might be at the party tonight had clouded his judgment. He regrets it deeply now that he's actually at the party and he couldn't feel less like himself, tugging awkwardly at the sleeves of a cropped gray sweatshirt and adjusting the waist of jeans that are so tight they look like they’re painted on. Before they’d left Sam had appraised him critically and asked ‘doesn’t he look a little too come-and-get-it?’ and Natasha had replied ‘we share a wall. It’s been a year and a half. He wants people to come and get it’.
Rhodey, maintaining his deafening silence, reaches for the vodka.
“Explain.”
They both go quiet for a bit, and Tony starts to think— yeah. Maybe this is nice. He can see the appeal. It’s peaceful, but not absolutely silent— he can still hear the faint thud and rhythm of the music outside. It’s warm, too, especially where Steve’s legs are pressed up against his. Throw a couple pillows along the tub floor and he could spend the whole night here.
“It’s — it’s stupid. It’s so stupid. This is — I cannot
To the surprise of exactly no one who’d actually met Steve Rogers, ‘not too long’ ended up being far, far, far too fucking long. Steve stays inside him the whole time, but he just kisses Tony agonizingly slowly, massages the insides of his thighs, occasionally grips his hips and pushes up in a thrust just hard enough to spark arousal but not hard enough to get Tony any closer to finishing.
They keep walking and Steve explains that he has three jobs: he draws for a webcomic, he walks dogs, and he works for the food bank on ninety-first and Broadway. He also tells Tony that he’s a vet who doesn’t believe in the military and that he gets in way too many fights for someone who does not have health insurance.
have to spend it with me anymore.”
They fall silent again, waiting out the rest of the song. It’s strangely intimate, even if said intimacy is underscored by a more serious tension. They maintain contact throughout, though the press of Tony’s hands against his waist is nothing compared to the intensity of his gaze, like somehow he could unearth Steve's secrets through his eyes alone. When the song ends, Steve offers Tony a tight thanks and slips away, in desperate search of Natasha, Sam, Bucky or some charitable stranger who could help him unravel that extremely puzzling interaction.
But Steve hadn’t been ready to sacrifice Tony. He’d been there in world-record time, and what he’d been able to come up with during those chaotic seconds, had been to first create an electric shield around him and Tony with the hammer, obviously leaving Tony’s gauntlet wielding hand outside as the stones had embedded themselves into the suit. Electricity couldn’t deflect gamma radiation, but other types of radiation with lower energy it could. And if they’d get lucky… perhaps the Mjölnir would do more.
”Turn over”, he prompts, pushing a smile onto his face for Tony.
“—Hey, Steve.”
three-pronged claw raised in interest. Tony feels a wave of affection rise and break in his chest, and he knows Steve is waiting with bated breath for his review, but he’s struggling pretty hard to find words other than “marry me again, please?”
“It’s not that bad, I guess. Not when I’m waking up with you.”
“They’re not yours.”
Mm. Maybe he thought too soon.
Steve flashes Tony a lopsided smile. “Mm. There’s that genius brain of yours.”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Pepper responds primly. She gives him a big hug, too, allowing him to lift her just the slightest bit off the ground before she slaps his shoulder in reprimand.
“Ummm… yes. Yeah, that’s— I know that’s not good enough. And I’d never dream of asking for a second chance, I just—“
It is, of course, interrupted by Tony Stark bursting out of the back door like he’s going to war, stumbling to a clumsy stop in front of Steve, and awkwardly shoving his hands in his pockets. He opens his mouth to say something, then closes it abruptly, and just looks at Steve with wide, glittering hazel eyes.
The moment is broken when Sunset says “Tony” in a sharp, jarring voice, and starts clicking her heel impatiently on the hardwood.
But perhaps the most striking detail of all is the fact that his hair is more silver than brown; still gorgeously thick and soft, just in a shade that compliments the smile lines on his face, the somewhat sterner set to his expression.
“Four months ago.”
“Yeah, because all the textbooks weren’t written in
A beat of silence.
, Tony thinks.
“Where are we going?” Tony mumbles, head tucked against Steve’s chest.
Steve, still trying to find words, any words really, just blinks. Tony’s mouth twists into an adorable little frown.
, Tony thinks.
Tony sips idly at his iced coffee and watches the muscles in Steve's arms and back pull tight, his criminally small t-shirt leaving very little to the imagination.
Steve is inside him, spread out under him, hands braced on Tony’s hips as Tony rides him until his thighs ache. Tony is close— eyes-squeezed-shut-gripping-Steve’s-hand-in-warning kind of close—
Steve shrugs a little and supplies a sugar cookie from somewhere on his person, wordlessly handing it over.
Steve wrinkles his nose, slides one hand up to trace along the grooves of Tony's collarbone. “Sugar Plum?”
“Oh,” Tony’s smiling a little. Maybe. The whole moment feels surreal, like Steve couldn’t possibly be the one experiencing it. “There’s way too many people here. And I’m sweating like a motherfucker. Was that good?”
She lets him hang for one, two, three more seconds, then she slowly wraps her arms around his neck, presses up against his likely disgusting sweaty form, and kisses the life out of him.
“Honey. What have I told you about going through my things?”
“That’s bullshit and you know it. You don’t even have to show me how to use the suit, I’ll figure that out on my own, just help me finish it! I’m so close, Tony.”
“I know you do.”
Everything compounds, is the problem. Steve realizes Tony doesn’t know what a gallon of milk costs, and that they’ve spent the first 30 years of their lives living in different worlds. Tony picks up on it, gets insecure about losing him, and lashes out. It turns into something about politics. It turns into something about Stark Industries. It turns into something about Steve’s friend Bucky, who Tony doesn’t like or understand.
“We visited the 107th before it arrived, and that was when I— left my short-lived acting career behind.” Tony’s still looking at his knees, but he can hear the faint smile in Steve’s voice. “Millie’s still alive. She owns a distillery in the Scottish Highlands, if you can believe it. We email sometimes.”
Pepper leans over to squeeze his hand before retreating to the passenger seat, eyes wide and a little sad.
It’s— Steve, looking discomfited and tense, his navy dress jacket lost somewhere and his shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows. He runs a hand through his hair and takes a long pull of frozen wind, then reaches into his pocket and supplies— well, it looks like a cigarette. And maybe a lighter.
“Point,” Steve concedes, and leans up to kiss Tony, carrying him neatly and swiftly towards the bedroom.
Tony holds up the sledgehammer as if to explain. Steve’s eyes brighten in understanding, and whatever was clouding them seems to clear away. His gaze fixes on Tony’s hand, mouth twisting into a skeptical little line.
“I love this song,” Steve sighs.
And Steve had said, blue fire blazing hot in his eyes, “Why should I only care about Americans?”
for—“
And that makes Steve really angry, for whatever reason, so he can’t help but respond:
Riri shows up about an hour later. She doesn’t seem particularly impressed with Steve, which is a bummer because Tony introduced him as Captain America with the express purpose of racking up cool points.
Honestly, this is what he gets for attending an event outside of Brooklyn. He’s going to have words with Thor, later, about choosing a location on the
“Most recently with the Pratt Institute.”
“You should go to sleep, Tony.”
—Unfortunately, despite the electric start, things get very awkward very quickly.
Steve rolls his eyes, but Tony knows him well enough to see the affection in them, the smile pushing at the corner of his mouth. He tugs Tony down onto the bed in one quick motion and climbs on top of him, legs settling on either side of Tony’s waist.
