“Dean.   Sheriff,” said John nodding respectfully at her.  He gave Dean an appraising glance.  Seeing no obvious injuries, he turned his full attention to Sheriff Mills, “Is my son in trouble?”
There was knock at the door, and Sammy called out, “Dean.  Gabriel gave me some cream for your back.”
Castiel continued to stand upright but even his newfound confidence wavered slightly under Dean’s scrutiny, he dropped his eyes.
It was an enticing thought, but Dean had responsibilities for Sam as well.   Dean would love to have invited Castiel to spend time at the trailer, but there was no way that a good idea with its bunk beds and paper-thin walls.  Gabriel may have a point, as neither Dean nor Cas were particularly quiet in bed.
That was what did it for Dean.  His hands, which had been caressing Castiel’s back and arms, grasped Castiel’s hips and in the reverse of what happened outside, Dean gripped tight enough to leave finger marks as he pulled Castiel down against his hips, Dean’s thighs opening automatically to accommodate Castiel’s legs.  Both men gasped, their eyes instinctively seeking each other’s.   Still clinging to each other, Dean rolled his hips and Castiel dropped his head to Dean’s shoulder.   The anticipation and build up to this since their arrival at the hotel, the moments outside, and now this, prove too much for them both.    In spite of their underwear and the lack of lube, Castiel and Dean thrust against each other, uncontrolled and with abandon.   There were several short thrusts from them both and Dean came, crying out a long drawn out whine, shuddering under Castiel, still gripping Castiel’s hips.   Castiel’s orgasm followed a moment later, with a fractured moan of “Dean,” into Dean’s shoulder, he continued to grind against Dean, riding the wave of his orgasm before finally coming to rest.   Dean’s body was wracked with the occasional shudder, as Castiel moved against him.  They rested together winded and breathless for several moments, before Castiel peeled himself off Dean, and laid himself next to Dean on the bed, their sides touching, Castiel’s hand resting on Dean’s chest.
“Are you OK?” Dean shouted above the rain. His teeth were beginning to chatter. “I’m so sorry, did I hit you?”
“Don’t pretend you haven’t tried it before,” said John with a resigned air.  “I saw you drunk as a skunk at Bobby’s last 4
Thank you to everyone who has commented or left kudos.   BTW: if you don't think this is worth a kudos, please drop me a comment to let me know why.   I would love to understand what I can improve upon.
As an Angel Cas knew his own stamina was far greater than that of Dean, but the same response so soon after what Dean had just done to him was new. Cas's could sense Dean's increasing urgency and increased the speed and pressure. His mouth moved to Dean's ear, as he thrust harder, pushing down on Dean. He lowered his voice, and with said commandingly with no opportunity for discussion "Cum for me Dean."
When they had finally stopped singing, Rowena had hit Castiel hard on his arm, and then hugged him even harder, constantly berating him for his perceived behaviour towards Dean, and then praising him for his altruism of giving up his rights to his pup to Dean. Gabriel spent most of the evening teasing Castiel about Dean and reminding Castiel about how Gabriel had to ‘rescue’ Castiel from the B&B, the morning after. Fortunately Castiel was too happy to stay annoyed with Gabriel for long.
Dean had genuinely thought he would be sexually frustrated as hell by now.  He was used to hooking up regularly, but spending time with Cas had curbed any desire for random one night stands.   He wanted to be with Cas, and he surprised himself when he realised that he was comfortable to proceed at Cas’s pace.
Castiel caught Dean's eye and dropped back into English.  "Well, there is a small group at the High School.   We meet after school on Tuesday's.    I could see about you joining us.  You may even be better than some of the group there."
There was an awkward silence for a moment, then Castiel suddenly said, “I can’t thank you enough for what you did.   If you hadn’t been there…” he paused, “I think they really would have killed me.”
Dean sighed and climbed out of bed carefully. He expected to find his usual thick head, and the furry taste of stale whisky in his mouth, but was pleasantly surprised to find neither. He glanced at the bottle of whisky still on the sideboard where he'd left it last night. He couldn't remember a night recently where he hadn't downed at least half a bottle to help combat the bad dreams and bring on the welcome oblivion of sleep. He also couldn't remember any morning in the last 6 months that hadn't involved collecting at least one empty bottle for recycling.
Slowly approaching them, as though he was afraid they might lash out, Castiel took the seat next to Sam, and placed his satchel on the table.
Walking into the main area, Castiel could see Sam sitting next to Jack’s incubator, his nose buried in what looked like a very dense law book.
Holy shit, he thought as caught a glimpse of his reflection in the mirror.   Castiel had done a real number on his neck and chest.  He had several dark pinky/purple hickeys, fortunately all of which would be concealed by his overshirt if he raised the collar slightly.   He must have been further gone than he realised if he hadn’t noticed Castiel making the marks.  He also found several on the inside of his thighs.  It gave him a small thrill to think that Castiel had been so possessive of him.
Dean was just grateful that Missouri was taking charge. He’d felt a little bit abandoned out in the ward. Perhaps because he didn’t have Sam with him. Now he was in a delivery room, he felt like he was their focus, rather than a distraction. “Whatever you think best,” he said.
Very slow, gentle, minimal movements by Cas distorted the muscles, as Dean watched. At first he thought Cas was dancing, but then Cas performed an intricate series of moves so slowly and gracefully, that Dean stood mesmerised. Although Dean didn’t practice martial arts, he realised that he was watching a true master perform some kind of kata. A series of predetermined moves to exercise and stretch the body, and train a kind of muscle memory into them.
“And he’s in one piece, as requested,” said Dean meaningfully at Gabriel, who nodded his acceptance.
“You know I don’t want to leave you,” said Castiel, his voice cracking. “But it’s college.   It’s the chance for a new start for me.  I can do that right?”
“He twisted his ankle in the ditch,” said Dean.  “I think you might want to bring a car up for him.   But you’ll want to protect the back seat with a blanket.  Or give him a diaper.”
But again, Castiel’s lessons had been disrupted, and the rumours were starting to circulate again.  This time, it wasn’t a Sugar Daddy that had brought Castiel’s new clothes, but the ill-gotten gains of his drugs business.
“Don’t make him change on our account,” said Benny gruffly.  “This ain’t no Grease movie, where he changes clothes and suddenly he’s the hot popular one.”
Lots of hugs and thank you's to everyone who took the time to leave me a comment.  I genuinely appreciate every single one.
By the time they were about halfway through breakfast, Castiel was feeding Dean his pieces of crispy bacon, whilst Dean was passing him his fruit kebabs.    Sitting together enjoying breakfast felt comfortable and right.
Castiel breathed deeply, through his nose, and could smell the unmistakable smell of warm leather, gunpowder and whisky that was just so Dean.
“You sure, man?” said Dean trying to match pace as Castiel hurried down the corridor.   “I don’t mind getting my own, or buying it from you.”
She stood up, “I received a call this morning from Alistair’s father.   For all his faults as a father, he’s still a police officer.    He told me that Alistair had left the house.  He was planning to skip bail, and run,” said Sheriff Mills.    “I was already on my way to speak to you, when I received a call from Gabriel Milton.”  She looked at Castiel, “Your brother?”
When Castiel had agreed as a favour to Dean, to ‘baby sit’ Sam overnight on Saturday, he had been reassured that it would be an easy evening, of watching TV, and ordering in pizza.  Dean had said he was going night fishing with Lee, but with his Dad away at the moment, he didn’t feel he could leave Sam on his own, and had begged Castiel to come over to their place to spend the evening with Sam.  “I mean it’s not like he needs bathing, and diaper changing,” Dean had said with grin.
The music was definitely louder in the hall way.   Humming along to the tune, he padded along the corridor, and into the kitchen.   But that was empty.
Dean and Benny stood awkwardly next to the Sheriff watching Gabriel greet Castiel.   Eventually Gabriel released Castiel and approached them.  “I know anything I say will never be enough,” Gabriel said to Benny and Dean quietly.  “But thank you.  Thank you both for bringing Cassie home safely.”
Sam supported Dean, and waited for the contraction to pass. Guiding Dean to the front seat of his car, Sam slipped into the driving seat and helped Dean adjust his seat belt. Ensuring the lap belt was below his belly, across his hip bones, and the shoulder strap was across the centre of his shoulder and chest away from his stomach. It barely fit. “You good to go?” Sam asked.
Castiel broke off from the attention he was paying, looked up at Dean and growled at him, “Let’s save that for another time too.”
Taking a couple of cable ties from his jacket pocket, Dean quickly secured Alistair’s hands behind his back, and dragged him up to the roadway.  Dumping him on the ground when Alistair couldn’t stand.   He looked up the road toward the direction of the cabin and was surprised to see a couple of torch beams making their way towards him.   Dean cautiously raised his hands, keeping the shotgun pointed at the sky.
Dean took the opportunity to take hold of Castiel’s cock and gave it a stroke in time to his thrusts.   “Do it Cas.  Cum for me.”
They made their way back to school independently, at Castiel’s insistence.  Dean was trying to absorb the situation that Castiel faced every day.   He couldn’t imagine how someone’s parents, people that were supposed to love and support you, could be so hostile to their own child.   More than ever he wanted to show his support for Castiel, as a friend should.   It wasn’t Castiel’s fault that his family members were assholes.
Suddenly there was a warm comforting arm around him, and Castiel was right there. Dean knew that he shouldn’t be doing this. He shouldn’t be crying on some random stranger, and an Alpha at that. But, in what had been months of constant stress, the kindness of strangers had wrecked him. Castiel was right there when no one else was. Right now, to Dean, Castiel seemed to be a tiny bit of light in a vast galaxy of darkness. He wasn’t sure why he felt so safe with the Alpha. There was something reassuring about Castiel, just holding him without saying a word. Safe. Yes, that was it. Dean felt safe and supported. He couldn’t remember the last time he felt like that. Still sobbing Dean’s hands tightened on Castiel’s jacket, and he buried his head in the crook of Castiel’s neck.
“Clothes, I was going to say clothes,” said Gabriel innocently.   “I wasn’t going to mention anything about the necklaces,” he added quickly before Castiel could stop him.
“Wonderful,” said Dean, flopping his head back on the pillow. He closed his eyes and let himself relax. “I’m already tired, and it’s not even been an hour.”
Chuckling, John took a couple of beers out of the fridge, and offer one to Gabe, before indicating they should sit in the lounge.  “Dean’s just been through it all with the Sheriff, so he should have the story straight by now.”   John gestured to the people in the room, “Sam hasn’t heard everything yet either.   Looks like you have an audience.  This won’t be the last time you’ll have to explain your actions.  So, go on, share.”
Flipping himself over onto his stomach, Castiel felt Dean reaching for the bottle of lube that they’d tucked under the pillow earlier.   Dean poured a generous amount over his fingers and allowed the liquid to warm up slightly before letting it drip slowly from his fingers down the cleft of Castiel’s ass.   Kissing Castiel’s back, Dean let his fingers play in the liquid, lubricating the way and easing the delicate skin, before touching Castiel’s rim.   “Just relax Angel.  I’ll take care of you.”   Dean continuing his tender soothing strokes, allowing Castiel to relax fully before slipping a single finger into his hole.
The drive home was done in silence.   Castiel rode up front in the passenger seat, with Benny and Lee in the back.  Castiel sat with his hand resting gently next to Dean’s leg.  The back of his hand touching Dean’s thigh.   It was just the comfort they both needed, knowing the other was there, just within reach.
Cas sighed and carefully moved his legs allowing Dean the freedom of movement he needed to roll over and away from him. However he was surprised when Dean reached up to cup Cas's face and brushed a thumb across his jaw line. Cas's eyes fluttered close as Dean gently pressed his lips to Cas's. The kiss was gentle and chaste, a brief contact between them, that left a tingle and a desire for more. Cas returned the kiss and then laughed as Dean's stomach gurgled and growled loudly complaining bitterly of its neglect, interrupting them.
The last lesson on a Wednesday afternoon was always PE.  Although Dean generally hated Physical Education as a lesson, he realised that it never hurt to keep his body fit.   Life on the road had meant that he never really bothered to join any of the school teams – he wasn’t usually there long enough to make a difference.   But Dean didn’t mind participating in training drills or acting as spotter where needed.    Fortunately, Coach Teague, the PE teacher at this school had realised that for most teens that were not already part of a team by final year, there was little hope to engage them now.  Because PE was a mandatory part of the curriculum, they had to participate, but there was no specific rule about what they had to do during the lesson, so often Coach Teague allowed the students to select their own activity each lesson.   Most of the boys played competitive football, so there were always training drills.  But he also allowed a separate group to run track or cross country without supervision.
Sam appeared around the corner, his mobile phone in hand.   He ran quickly over to Dean and swore as he saw Castiel lying there.   "Ambulance?" Sam asked.  “Police?”
Thank you so much to everyone again for your lovely comments.  There have been some amazing ideas and suggestions for where people think this story will go.   I wish I had thought of them!
“Because I think you might fit in better at school.  You’re the only person I’ve seen at school wearing school uniform.   If anything, you stick out now,” said Dean.
As they were planning on staying in the area, their Dad had rented a halfway decent trailer home.  It had only 2 bedrooms, with the second bedroom containing bunk beds, but it was cleaner than a lot of places the boys had stayed in.  The lounge area had the usual built-in seats, but there was a fairly decent amount of space, the kitchen had an actual table with seating area, which at least meant they wouldn’t be eating from plates resting on their laps.
“Ready,” confirmed the man. With a little help from the stranger, Dean managed to lift the bike enough for the man to pull himself clear, and then pull the bike fully upright.
Dean felt like everything he had ever known about Cas was a lie.  Everything Cas had ever said to Dean, every interaction, Dean went over again and again in his mind.  He couldn’t believe that the innocent Cas who still blushed at a compliment, wore stupid jumpers with bee slogans, could be this sex god laid out for all to see.
Dean hung his head, letting the water hide the tears that threatened to spill from his eyes.   He wasn’t crying about the pain in his back, or about killing Alistair, and despite what the Sheriff might have thought, he genuinely hadn’t intended to kill him.   Yeah, he’d thought about it, and been angry, but at the instance when he’d been faced with Alistair holding a knife, all he’d been thinking about was a shoulder shot to stop Alistair from hurting Castiel again.    Dean wasn’t crying about the fear he’d felt when he’d seen that picture of Castiel, tied and beaten.  An image that he knew he would never be able to forget.   No, he knew this was the release of the adrenaline, and his body reacting to the stress of the day.   But he was upset and filled with dread at the thought of leaving Castiel on Saturday.   He knew it was for Castiel’s own good.  But his Dad had been right about being heart sore.  Dean hated himself. His Dad had warned him, hell he’d even warned himself when he first met Castiel.   But somehow the kind, thoughtful, gentle person that Castiel was, had won Dean over, without even trying.
“Holy shit,” came Benny’s southern drawl suddenly from behind Dean as he took in Castiel’s new appearance.  “This is like Grease.”
Dean realised that Castiel’s placement of the helmet was to give Dean the reassurance of a barrier between them. He’d done it just to try to put Dean at ease. It was a small gesture but one that spoke volumes about Castiel as a person.
After another coming together of their mouths, and Dean moaning as Castiel ran his fingers along his bare arms, there was a common fumbling of belts, buttons and zips, as they both undid and removed their trousers, leaving their underwear in place.
When Castiel returned to the room and went to his overnight bag.   “I almost forgot.  I got you a present.”
“I don’t know. But if we don’t, and something happened to Jack. I’d never forgive myself. I can’t … “ Dean stopped, his voice breaking. Jack made a snuffling noise. Dean’s scent was souring, and it must be affecting Jack. He withdrew his hand from the incubator.
“Don’t worry,” said the lady with a laugh.  “I’m not stalking you.  We were due a large party here this weekend, booking out the whole place, but they cancelled at the last minute.   We only had 3 bookings since then, 1 couple I know, 1 couple have already checked in, which left the Winchester booking.”
Ryan led the way through the large doors, to the patio, before showing them to a table set for two to the left of the space.   There was another couple sitting outside as well, seated to the right.  Far enough away that both parties felt they had privacy.
Shaking, while reaching for his phone Dean scrolled through his contact list. He was about to call Charlie’s number, when he remembered that she was out of town. “Shit.” Charlie had planned to be his birth companion. He took some calming breaths. Knowing that he now only had one other person he could call, he dialled Sam’s number, wincing at the time; it was just gone midnight.
Today Dean was pleased to be out on the playing field, in bright sunshine.   Dean was working with Benny, throwing the football back and forth between them quickly, as they ran down the length of the pitch, trying to improve their speed and accuracy.    Suddenly a tall figure running in the distance caught Dean’s attention, and Dean fumbled the catch, tripping over his own feet and sprawling on the grass.   Swearing under his breath, he paused to take a breath before sitting up.
Dean had lost count of the number of schools that he had attended over the years.  Sometimes it was only a for a few weeks, sometimes, a month or more.   The rigmarole of registering at the front desk, being assigned to a Tutor Group, being given a timetable often meant that the first class he attended was always underway, and he became a “show and tell” as soon as he was introduced to the teacher.  The usual, “why don’t you tell the group about yourself,” soon became stale.
He felt Castiel tense.   “Just relax and listen to the music,” Dean said, “feel the rhythm, don’t force it.  If it helps, close your eyes.”
“You’ll get them,” said Dean confidently.  “And we still have a week before I leave.  I don’t know where I’m gonna end up.  But it’s not like communication is impossible.  We can call and text each other.   And I will keep my promise.  I will return to you.”
Cas nodded, and groaned loudly in pain as Dean and Sam hoisted him upright.  His back and stomach felt like they were on fire.    He sagged against the car weakly, Dean holding his upper arm and hand to ensure he didn't fall.
“Boys,” said the deep voice of John approaching them. “The Sheriff has said we can leave, but you’ll need to go to her station tomorrow to make statements.”
Deciding it was probably better to treat the situation like a band aid, Castiel decided to rip it off the wound quickly. “My bike broke down. A male Omega rescued me. We couldn’t get any further due to the bad weather. We spent the night at the B&B. We made love. He ran away. The end.” He skipped the bit about Dean’s breakdown. That still felt very private.
Considering the situation, Dean shook his head. “You go get a few hours sleep, Sammy. I’m gonna need you to be clear headed tomorrow. He can be with me tomorrow, right Doc?”
Castiel looked over at Dean, who gave a small wave.  “That looked quick to me,” said Dean as Castiel jogged over.
“I asked him whether he wanted to go Night Fishing with me over at Clinton Lake, but he said he had other plans.  Apparently he’s borrowing a friend’s cabin for the night up on Archer Road, and I quote, ‘planning a private party for two’,” said Lee.  “I didn’t ask for further details.”
“Thank you.   I had help.”  There was a glint of humour in Castiel’s eyes.   “Gabriel called in a favour from one of the hairstylists in his employment.”
“We gotta do something,” said Dean.  “I don’t know what exactly, but I can’t stand by and let this kinda thing happen.”
To everyone who has left Kudos or comments, I genuinely can't thank you enough.   They give me such a boost.
Cas thrust one more time, and felt his own release moments later. He cried out loudly, arched his back, the tendons in his neck taught and prominent, as he continued to press against Dean allowing their bodies to naturally ride out their orgasms.
It seemed that after Dean’s statement, both the Alphas were completely focused on their mates, as though they were trying to show off, and outperform the other, by doting on their pregnant partners. Dean watched as Brad gently hand fed Jon grapes and offered him sips of water through a straw. The other Alpha was putting socks onto the female Omega’s feet and then massaging her calf muscles. Both were regularly scent marking their partners. Dean knew this was partly an Alpha display of making clear that these Omega’s were taken, and partly the inbuilt need an Alpha had to care for their mate. Dean felt a pang of regret and grief that there was no one there for him. He couldn’t help but think how things would be different, if Castiel was here now. Would Castiel hand feed him again, would he rub his back and tell him everything would be alright? In the few hours he’d known Castiel, Dean felt sure that those were exactly the kind of behaviours Castiel would exhibit. Dean knew he was kind of putting Castiel on a pedestal; building Castiel up in his mind to be the perfect Alpha, the perfect mate, the perfect father. Oh well, their night together had been fueling his fantasy’s for a while now, there was no point in stopping now.
Thanks to everyone for their kind comments and for leaving Kudos.  It's really interesting to see your comments and ideas.
“I think I’ve been to or through about 43 of the states.  I used to keep track, but it got old very quickly.  We didn’t always stop to look at the local attractions. How about you?  Been anywhere exciting?”
The illumination from the car headlights was swallowed immediately in the darkness and rain, lighting up perhaps only the first few inches ahead. The windscreen wipers couldn’t keep up with the vicious sheet rain beating down on the car, and Dean could feel the tyres occasionally lose their grip on the slippery road. Patting the dash, he muttered, “It’s alright Baby. We’ll just go careful.”
Catching it on reflex Dean looked down bewildered.  Dean knew it was a gun case but wasn’t sure why he was being given it.
Focusing back on the dark road in front of him, a large black mass of a thing appeared briefly in front of the car, as the limited range of the headlights bounced off it. Dean had only a fraction of a second to react, yanking the wheel left to avoid hitting whatever ‘it’ was, and cursing as the Impala fishtailed under duress even at low speed.
“He only just arrived,” said Gabriel with an overly cheerful voice.   It was like a switch had been flicked, and the scary, unhappy Gabriel vanished.
Dean found himself humming to Jack as he waited. Sam arrived about 15 minutes later, his eyes wide and anxious. Dean could smell the distress on him, and wafted his hand under his nose. “Woah, Sammy. I think you better use blockers,” said Dean.
Taking advantage of a moment of alone time, Dean quickly removed a bottle of lube and some condoms from his washbag and keeping an eye on the bathroom door, dropped them into the top drawer of the bedside cabinet.  He wanted them within easy reach, but not on display.
Dean looked over at Sam, but he was having problems focusing. An inky like blackness pressed in around Dean’s vision. Dean could still hear Sam, but it was like it was distorted and coming from a long way away. It was like Dean was being pulled backwards down a dark tunnel, with Sam at one end. “Jack?” he called weakly. A thick gloopy feeling descended over Dean’s mind, and Sam faded from view as Dean’s eyes flickered shut, and darkness closed in.
Dean smiled at that line.   More than once Dean had thought Castiel had smelt of the fresh outdoors, all ozone and crispness after a strong rainstorm.
“Fine. Make your way straight to the Birth Centre at the rear of the hospital, and ring the bell. If anything changes regarding your condition before your brother gets there, call us back. OK?” instructed Patience.
Dean frowned but complied. It took a lot more concentration to count in 3’s than it did to just count down in single digits. “99, 96, 93.” He felt a small pinch, “90, 87, 84.”
“I’m not sure I’d know what do if I ever met someone I’d seen in porn in real life. I can’t quite imagine saying, ‘oh you look familiar, weren’t you the pizza man’?”
He turned in a slow circle, looking out over the shoreline and then the forest before finally spotting something about 100 yards away. The uneven shape of the lake meant that certain parts were hidden from view, but he caught a glimpse of movement, behind some trees a little further along the shoreline. Given the proximity of the motorbike, he assumed it was Cas, but decided to check before announcing his presence.
“I like Led Zepp, and Metallica of course.   But I can also go for the occasional Rock Ballad, but don’t tell Sammy that,” said Dean with a smile.
Very slowly in a similar manner to how Cas had treated Dean last night, Dean gently trailed kisses down Cas's chest and stomach, before pausing and then gently licking Cas's cock. Dean had never felt any fascination before at another man's penis. But he decided there was no other word to describe Cas's, other than magnificent. It was large, and strong, and just perfect. At that moment Dean felt like it had been created, just for him. The girth perfectly fitted Dean's hand and it tasted just like Cas smelled. All warm with a hint of spice.
What Dean had expected to be the trickiest part of his plan, eventually turned out to be the easiest.
Alistair and Gordon grinned at their companions and started to laugh.   Gordon kept an eye on the door.  He expected to see it rattle as Dean unsuccessfully tried to open it.  But the cabin remained eerily quiet.
“My friend here, needs a new …. Well everything.   New wardrobe, new shoes, new look,” said Dean.   Dean passed Castiel the first pile of clothes and pair of the boots.  “Go try these on and come back and show me.”
Dean scowled at the damp patch on the bed, and grabbed a couple of towels from the bathroom to clean up the amniotic fluid the best he could.
Cas carefully manoeuvred Dean’s boxers down and used the towel to gently clean up as much of the sticky mess from his groin as possible. He deliberately kept his contact confined to the towel, not actual touching Dean himself, before wiping himself down and throwing the towel back to onto a rock, before grabbing his t-shirt and putting it back on. He didn’t make eye contact with Dean, but watched from the corner of his eye, as Dean pulled his jean’s back up and fastened them.
Castiel couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped, “You have no idea how many times I have been accused of not being a typical Alpha. Maybe it would help my reputation.”
Doctor Brown stepped away back to the sink and washed her hands again. “I swear she’s psychic,” she said. Returning to Dean’s bedside, she updated Dean’s file of notes. “OK Dean. Firstly your pup is doing fine,” she pointed to a line on the monitor, showing the Fetal heartbeat. “You’re still in early labour. Now if your waters hadn’t broken I might consider trying to head off your labour, but right now, we’ll let nature take its course. Your contractions are not very strong and aren’t really doing much at this stage.”
When the lesson ended, Castiel practically leapt from his chair and was out the door before any of the other students had moved.
“I’m so sorry, I think the corner of a book must have caught you,” Cas had said, in the deepest voice Dean had ever heard outside of a porn film.  Removing a handkerchief from the pocket on his jeans, Cas applied it to the wound.  “It’s clean, I promise.”
Missouri appeared, as if by magic, with Sam who was wearing a blue gown, similar to the hospital staff. He wasn’t masked, but was wearing a stretchy blue cap to keep his hair back. Dean wanted to laugh, but he was hit by a contraction.
“Gabriel isn’t paying for this stuff,” said Castiel.   “I am.”  Castiel removed his wallet and showed Dean the credit card.   The name, Castiel Novak, was clearly printed below the card number.  “It’s my card.  Gabriel just keeps it for me.”
Because of all your wonderful comments and enthusiasm, I am publishing the rest of the story in one go.  I think it makes sense.
“We have a good shot at this,” said Sam. “Crowley isn’t placing bets, but he’s reasonably confident. Crowley said Doctor Gabriel agreed to attend as a medical expert, and to explain about PFGR and Hidden Heat to the Judge.”
“Sneaky,” said Castiel impressed.   “Given you didn’t have my voice for a response to you, how did you convince them I was there.”
Sighing Gabriel smoothed down a lock of Castiel’s hair as he lay in bed, looking less like the 18-year-old man he was and more like the 12-year-old scared little boy Gabriel remembered.  “Oh Cassie.  You can’t keep blaming yourself for Kevin’s accident.  I’ll keep saying it until you believe it, but that wasn’t your fault.”
Castiel was wearing his new leather boots, black jeans, a dark blue/purple T-shirt, blue and black plaid shirt, with his new leather jacket.   He was also carrying a black rucksack, slung carelessly over one shoulder.   Castiel was walking confidently, his shoulders pulled back, his back straight as he approached.   To Dean’s amazement, Castiel had also styled his hair differently.  Gone was the tamed combed down style he usually wore.  He was now wearing a messy unkempt look that looked like someone had been playing with it for hours, but in line with Dean’s suggestion, the tips were dyed blue. Castiel looked like the love child between a Rocker and a Punk.
Suddenly there was a huge explosion, and sparks flew up from the roof.   Everyone took several steps back in surprise, as the little cabin became a cacophony of   sound and light, as what appeared to be flares and flashbangs exploded.   A couple of the boys fell over backwards and scrabbled in the dirt trying to get away from the now inferno.
Hearing the door click, Dean looked across at Castiel, who looked both mortified, and concerned. Perhaps it was the look on Castiel’s handsome face, the fact that he offered sleep in the car, the caring look from a woman he didn’t know, the smell of hot chocolate, the extremely loud gurgle from Dean’s stomach, that Castiel has not only paid for the room, but negotiated food as well, or maybe it was that Dean had been barely holding it together all day and he was just too tired to make any further decisions.  Maybe it was any one or all of those reasons, but Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He felt so tired, helpless, and overwhelmed that he just wanted to shut out even the simple act of making a decision about whether to go to sleep or to eat. A quiet sob escaped his throat, and he closed his eyes, as tears started to fall.
"Have you changed your mind about me?" Cas hung his head. "I… I can erase the memory and leave if you would prefer."
“I can’t believe this is happening so soon,” said Dean. “I was sure Jack would be late, despite what Missouri said.” He bit his lip. “Sam. Charlie was going to be my birth partner. But she’s out of town with Gilda. Will you stay with me?”
Castiel kissed him passionately, before Dean broke the kiss.  “But right now, I want to taste you,” said Dean kissing down Castiel’s jaw, and then his neck.  Whenever Castiel tried to move, Dean gently but firmly pushed him back.  Shuffling further down the bed, so he could go lower, Dean kissed and stroked Castiel’s chest.  Taking note of the hardening of Castiel’s nipples, Dean brushed very lightly across them with his tongue.  Castiel moaned and grasped at the bed sheet beneath him.
“It’s OK Angel.  I made my peace with it a long time ago.   But I wanted you to know, this ain’t my first time with a man, but it is the first time with a man I want to be with.  Someone I trust.   Someone I love.”  He kissed the back of Castiel’s neck, and buried his nose into Castiel’s hair.  “I want you Cas.  I want to be with you.   We don’t have to do anything more than this, if that’s what you want.   But I want to be honest with you.  I want everything.  I want to taste you, I want to kiss you, I want to make love to you, and hold you, and be with you.”
“I don’t care,” said Dean.  They rested their foreheads together, lips barely apart, just breathing in the same air.   “Take care Cas.”
“Yeah. Gabe, I’m here,” said Dean.  His mind was churning at a million miles an hour.  There wasn’t time.  He had 45 minutes to get there.  Sheriff Mills couldn’t get here in that time, even with blues and two’s.  The local police would be worse than useless.  He stared at Benny’s concerned face.
"I hope you are not going to admonish me about personal space?" said Cas with a smile as Dean assessed their current position.
After a few minutes, Dean realised that now his Omega was sated, his rational brain could think straight again. He’d given himself to an Alpha. He was so screwed. And not just in the physical way. Castiel had said ‘my Omega’, but Dean had asked him to pretend to be his Alpha. Castiel had also been kind of overwhelmed at the time, Dean was sure Castiel didn’t mean it, not like Dean wanted him to mean it.  But Dean
Castiel refused to skip classes to spend time with Dean, encouraging Dean to study alongside him.   Dean knew that Castiel was still focused on ensuring he got the grades he required for Berkeley, and Dean couldn’t help but be impressed at how dedicated Castiel was.  They all had exams during the next couple of weeks, so everyone’s focus was on revising as much as possible.  Dean knew that at some point they would have to discuss what came next for them, but he couldn’t bring himself to burst the little bubble of happiness they had found.
Looking at his watch, Castiel grabbed his bag.   “Let’s get some lunch, and if you’re really interested in the shitty details of my life, I’ll fill you in.  Then you can leave me alone.”
“Ah,” said Dean looking down.  “That’s the bit I deliberately left out.   I am not going to tell him.  I don’t want him involved.”
Dean comes up with a plan to deal with Alistair.   John comes home early.  Castiel isn't happy, then he is.
This chapter has a short sex scene at the beginning. If you don't want to read, please skip ahead until you see the line starting "Wonderful".
“That too,” said Castiel, continuing to kiss and suck at Dean’s neck.   “And what you don’t know, maybe we can learn together.”
It had been a surprise to find that John had given Dean access to a small saving’s account.  John had been steadily saving small amounts over the years, as a college fund for Dean.   It was nothing to rival Castiel’s inheritance, but it helped cover the cost of basic equipment and books that Dean required.
“Of course, I’ll stay with you,” said Sam. He reached for Dean’s hand. “As long as I can stay up this end, away from the messy bit, I’m good.”
“Sorta,” said Dean. “Probably about 75% done.” It was probably nearer 50% but he thought he still had plenty of time.
Walking towards the right side, Dean stood and looked over at him.  So far both of them had taken the lead at different points in time.  Castiel in bed earlier, then Dean in the bathroom.   The natural give and take between them worked so far and suited them.   After having seen Castiel’s submissive behaviour when they first met, and his general embarrassment around Gabriel, Dean would never have thought that bedroom Castiel would be as assertive as he was.  It was like Castiel had a self-confidence that only Dean got to see.
Dean groaned and flopped backwards on the bed to avoid looking at Castiel.   “I am never going to watch them again. Too weird.”
Whatever response Dean was about to make was silenced by a knock on the door. “Only me,” said Ma, as Castiel opened the door.	 She had a large tray that she placed down on the largest surface available, the chest of drawers. “As promised. Hot chocolate, cookies and some sandwiches. I hope ham and cheese is OK.” She smiled happily at Dean, oblivious to the tension in the room. “Your lovely Alpha explained you would both be leaving early and has already settled up. There will be a breakfast bag to go on the hall table. You can take it on your way out. Just let me know if you need anything further tonight. I’ll be right downstairs.” She looked at both of them and sighed, “Oh to be young and in love again. You know, I shouldn’t say, but you do make a lovely couple.” She patted Castiel kindly on the chest on her way back out the door.
Glancing at Dean, Castiel shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot.   "I... um.... thought I'd sit over ...."
Castiel had extended the house, to create some extra bedrooms, and bought a minivan for transporting their growing family. Initially Castiel had purchased a safe little Toyota for Dean to drive the kids around in, as the Impala was impractical for child seats. But he’d insisted on Dean keeping the Impala, which was now in the garage, and in return Dean had insisted on Castiel keeping his motorbike. Although Castiel didn’t get out on it as much as he used to, he would on occasion, when Dean wasn’t pregnant, and they had bribed or blackmailed their siblings or friends into babysitting, take Dean on the back of it, far out of the town, to a field to lie out and look at the stars.
“You’re right there,” said Gabriel unhappily.   “I left our family years ago as soon as I could.  Changed my surname name to Milton.  If I had tried to be Cassie’s guardian, our parents would have dragged me through the courts on principle.   This is better.   Bought this place, so they can’t buy me out and throw me out.  I helped Cassie with his court case against them, and he rents a room upstairs.  He’s pretty independent, I just kinda watch out for him.”
“There’s a large cover for the fire that means this whole area can be convert to one giant outdoor bed,” said Gabriel.
next week’s lesson.”  He glanced at Dean.   “Winchester.   I think it might be useful for you to borrow some notes of the previous topics.   As there will be a test at the end of next week. Novak?   Your notes are probably the most extensive and most legible.  Would you please arrange a copy with the office, and give them to him?”
Confused Castiel looked at Dean, who shrugged back.  “I don’t remember seeing them.  We didn’t choose them,” Castiel said confused.   “Dean did you want them?   You can have them if you want.”
Relieved, Dean grabbed the bags from the trunk.   He insisted on carrying Castiel’s bag but allowed Castiel to open the door to the hotel for him.
Dean spent the rest of the lesson on tenterhooks, unable to concentrate.  Castiel finally sent Dean a text message and said he would call him later.  That didn’t exactly make Dean feel any better.
Dean’s entire focus on was the situation in front of him.  Refusing to allow the distraction of his concern for Castiel to unsettle him, Dean calculated, planned and discarded a dozen options in the blink of an eye.   The knife at Castiel’s side was an issue.  Dean could handle two attackers, but he would have to factor in the possibility of Castiel being injured again.  Dean was pleased he hadn’t taken the chance to launch himself at Alistair on sight.
Just when Castiel thought he wouldn’t be able to take anymore, Dean bottomed out, and Castiel could feel Dean’s heavy balls against him.     Castiel was grasping at the bedsheets still staring at Dean.
“Gabe,” whined Castiel in protest.   “I barely know him.  I’ve spoken to him like five times, and one of those was me bleeding over him.”
Cas sat next to Dean, and stared out over the lake, the sun was higher in the sky now and its gentle rays warmed the air around them. He flinched slightly as he suddenly felt Dean’s hand on his thigh. He looked down to see Dean watching him carefully.
The foyer of the hotel opened into a large open plan seating and dining area.  Dean could see several tables already set out for dinner.   The whole place felt warm and inviting, with two unlit fireplaces, stone floors and chunky wood furniture.  Lots of arrangements of flowers surrounded the room, softening the hard edges of the wooden panelled walls.  There was a large stuffed buffalo head mounted on the fireplace.  Dean got the impression that 100 years ago this would have been a cattle ranch with a dozen cowboys wandering around.
The night was warm, and there was no need to turn on the fire in the room, although Dean did think it would have added a nice ambiance.   Instead he turned on the small table lamp by the window, before turning off the room light.     It gave them enough light to see each other, but still be intimate.
“You pretty much hold all the cards,” said Castiel, rubbing Jack’s back comfortingly. “It’s up to you.”
Doctor Brown came to check on Dean after a couple of hours. The contractions had slowed slightly, to around 15-20 minutes apart, and he was trying to sleep in between them. She reassured him everything was progressing as well as could be expected. Dean sighed when he saw Jon being wheeled away to a delivery room. Dean gave him a small wave and wished him all the best.
Dean looked at Sam worriedly.  "OK Cas, we'll take you home."     Dean passed the knife to Sam.   "I'll bring the car up.  I am not sure he can walk.  I don't think they'll be back but keep an eye out."
“Hey there,” Dean said as he sat back down. “My name’s Dean Winchester, I’m 34 weeks pregnant and my waters just broke.”
“Gabriel!” barked Castiel angrily. A strong smell of burning filled the air, indicating Castiel’s displeasure.
Castiel nodded slowly, like every movement was an effort.    "Gabe.   Home."   He reached out desperately grabbing Dean's jacket.  "Home....... ple... ase," he slurred and mumbled around a split lip.
Snapping his mouth shut, Dean practically whimpered as Castiel stood in front of him, and started undoing the buttons on Dean’s over shirt, including the cuffs.  Castiel was even closer now, with barely a hand’s width between them.  Dean dropped the PJ’s he held, and was frozen to the spot, as Castiel slid his hands under the open shirt, and over Dean’s T-shirt covered chest, allowing Castiel to push the over shirt off Dean’s shoulders, sliding it off his arms.   He gently tugged on the hem of Dean’s T-shirt, pulling it from its confinement in Dean’s jeans before he grasped it and pulled it up and over Dean’s head.    Dean realised what was happening and quickly lifted his arms to help.   Castiel cast it aside before he placed a hand to Dean’s left shoulder and right hip.  In a deep voice that should be illegal, Castiel said, “Shall I remove your jeans?”
They appeared in the same position as they had left the shower room. With Cas gently nuzzling Dean's ear. Although Cas had taken the opportunity to dry them, they were both still naked.
“He got lucky you arrived.  But you shouldn’t have had a knife,” said Gordon evilly.  “Now we gotta take that into account.”
“I can’t say for sure, but I think it unlikely,” said the Sheriff.  “As you said, he wasn’t there, and has an alibi for that period.”
“You’re perfect,” said Castiel kissing him.  “John is so proud of you and a bit of dust is not going to change that.”
Dean quickly poured him a small cup of water and helped steady Castiel’s hand as he tried to take a drink.   “Here go you.”
“We had 2 working days to inform Judge Reaper about Jack’s birth. I was going to do it on Monday. But someone must have tipped off the Lafitte’s, because Ketch already informed the court, and somehow they managed to get a hearing arranged for Monday afternoon,” said Sam. “We only found out late on Friday. Crowley called and spoke to the court clerks personally, to try to get a postponement. But they won’t budge. I guess Noah pulled some strings or paid someone off. He’s got clout, that’s for sure.”
“The professor was determined to catch me with my paramour,” said Zar, snagging another piece of cheese.  “So, sure enough, at 5.05, he marched over to the storage room, threw open the door expecting to find me in a compromising position.   Unfortunately, what he actually found was his wife with another professor!”
Returning to the bedroom, Dean found Castiel dutifully waiting as instructed.  Dean reached out his hand and pulled Castiel willingly to his feet.  “Join me?” he asked.  Castiel rose and Dean led him to the bathroom, where the bathtub was ready.    He quickly tested the water temperature and turned on the whirlpool jets.  “Let me,” Dean said as he touched the waist band of Castiel’s boxers.  Castiel leant forward to kiss Dean softly on the lips and gave a single nod.
“You should ask him first, if he wants to learn, but don’t be disappointed if he says no,” said John.   “Oh, and you need to give him at least six weeks for his ribs to heal before you start throwing him around.”
Cas’s movement sped up, he could feel Dean unravelling, “Do it,” Cas said roughly, “cum for me Dean.”
“We don’t have to do anything tonight if you don’t want to, Cas,” said Dean pressing to Castiel’s side some more.
“Cas, listen to me.  Cas, you need to know that you … us…. This is not a casual thing for me.  I don’t think I can walk away without trying for us.   When I leave, would you willing to believe me, to trust me, that I’ll find my way back to you?  It might take a while, but I swear I
“Really – that’s how you’re going to start this conversation?” said Castiel as he pulled back the covers on his bed.  “What’s eating you?”
In his planning phase, Dean had thought about the best time to try to impart the false information he wanted to Alistair and Gordon.   He’d finally settled on Friday lunchtime being best.  As his plan called for everything to happen on Saturday night, it would give Alistair just over a day to think about what he would do to Dean and Castiel.   Dean was hopeful that Alistair’s hatred would cloud his judgement.  Giving Alistair too long, might allow him to talk himself out of taking action after all.
Walking to the kitchen table, Castiel saw the letter.  “It’s from Berkeley.   I’ll save it for later.”
“You like that?  You want more?   You like being gagged, don’t you.” Dean was saying in a soft voice.   “Want me to mark that lovely neck of yours again?  Come on, let me hear you moan.”  There was a pause, then “God, the things you do to me, the things you make me want to do to you.  Gonna make you feel so good.”
She smiled.  “Well the Doctor will around shortly to check you, and then assuming everything is satisfactory, we’ll arrange your transfer up to a ward for observation.”
Cas had immediately looked up from the floor where he was kneeling and if that wasn’t the hottest thing Dean had ever seen.  This stunning man on his knees looking up at Dean with concern.  In a smooth move Cas had risen to his feet and was cradling Dean’s jaw in his hands, holding him steady, whilst inspecting the cut on the side of Dean’s forehead.
That was enough to send Dean over the edge with him.  Dean’s orgasm hit and he thrust hard and deep into Castiel, “Cas,” he gasped and shuddered as the waves rolled over him.
Dean felt like he was slowly being driven mad, and worshipped at the same time. As Cas lowered and dipped his head dropping kisses here and there, he felt his body respond in a way that had never happened before with any of his sexual partners, not even Lisa. His whole body felt like it was on fire and freezing at the same time. He wanted to reach out and touch Cas, but the whole situation seemed so unreal, he felt like one wrong move would shatter this perfect illusion. Almost as soon as the thought formed in his head, he heard Cas say, "shush my love. Keep still. I have you. You're safe." At that moment Dean realised he hadn't been relaxed and he'd been holding his breath. He exhaled, took another deep breath, and willed himself to not think anymore.
Once his bag was packed, Dean began to feel restless. He tried watching TV, but his mind refused to settle. It was like he’d forgotten to do something important. Giving up on the idea of watching TV, Dean found himself standing in the doorway of Jack’s room. He’d deliberately held off purchasing any major furniture items, feeling that it would be tempting fate to have a cot or crib in the room. In the back of his mind he couldn’t help but wonder whether he actually would ever be able to bring Jack here. If the Lafitte’s got custody, Jack could be taken from him, without even a goodbye.
“Thank you for believing Lee, and coming when called,” said Dean with sincerity.  “It couldn’t have been easy for you to wait it out for my signal.”
“That was unintentional,” said Dean apologetically.  “But it still stands.   Gabe sees it too.  He wants what is best for you.  As do I.”
Sheriff Mills had asked few clarifying questions.  Just to confirm who Dean had been able to see at the cabin, and to identify them on the video.
Dean gulped.   His father was right.  Maybe it did need a little more consideration.  He didn’t want to make Sam’s life difficult either.  “Yes, Sir.  I’ll think on it.”
“Not sure where to start.   On any given day and all at once, I am pretty sure Dean-o could take all the spots in the Fuck, Marry or Kill trifecta,” said Gabriel.
Exiting the bathroom, Castiel was surprised to see Dean wasn’t in bed. Instinctively he looked at the radiator where he’d placed Dean’s clothes to dry, and saw they were missing. His first thought was Dean had maybe gone in search of breakfast, but then he saw the notepad sitting prominently on his pillow.
Dean laughed, and it made Cas smile. "I love that story of you finding a liquor store and drinking it."
Without another word, Dean walked over to the bed, and joined Cas on it. It took a moment to adjust to each other's presence, but soon they were lying face to face, each studying the other, trying to memorise every freckle and blemish.
Cas smiled and placed the book carefully on the table. "I believe I would like to take a walk with you."
“Is this going to be one of those conversations where neither of us are willing to put their cards on the table?” said Dean.
The words hit Dean like a punch to the stomach.   Castiel had and would die for him, just as Dean realised that he would do the same for Castiel.    Castiel, Angel of the Lord, who had been alive for over a thousand years.   Dean felt like his heart was about to burst.
Dean realised then that they weren't really grown men, they were late teens, like himself, probably they knew Castiel from school.   "Leave him alone, or I'll make you."
“Shush you, Angel,” said Gabriel smirking.  “So, what about you guys?  You seem a contradiction.  Stanford and Wolverine.  I get the feeling you can probably both handle yourselves.   Bit too much street smarts for the usual teens around here.   Which reminds me, are you still carrying?”
Dean made a feint causing Alistair to start to move.  Dean edged right again, taking him closer to the Impala.   Judging distances and opportunities Dean took one more step, then took his chance.   Dean shifted as if to lunge at Alistair, which caused Alistair to jump backwards, in that moment instead of going forwards Dean pivoted and crouched, sweeping his hand up and over the rear wheel of the Impala, allowing him to snag the hidden gun as he moved.  Alistair completely misread the situation and thinking Dean had fallen, charged forward raising his knife ready to plunge it into Dean’s back.
A nurse appeared to run some checks on Castiel, and he began to stir in his sleep. Both Dean and Gabriel turned quickly to see his eyes gradually flicker open, his usually brilliant blue eyes, hazy with pain.    “Gah,” he muttered, trying to moisten his mouth.
Dean smiled and closed his eyes. "Now shush and let me sleep. I got a busy day tomorrow, with research."
Castiel gave a small smile and blushed.  “You know I love you too.  I always have.”  Cas looked away.   “Are you OK with this?  I mean, this body?”.
Rubbing his extremely wet neck, Dean’s brain finally caught up with what the man had said. “I did apply blockers. I guess the rain washed them away.”	He looked across at the stranger and took a careful breath. He couldn’t smell anything specific though. “Are you an Alpha?”
“Remove his blindfold,” said Dean.   Training and experience had taught him how disorientating having a blindfold could be.  It was easy to be overwhelmed by the light as well when it was removed, and if he needed Castiel to be ready to move, he needed to be able to see clearly enough not to end up in the way, or fall over his own feet.
“Not really.  I mean, I’ll probably help my Dad with his business for a while,” said Dean.  He deflected the attention easily, “it’s Sam that’s the smart one.  The teachers are already suggesting that maybe he skips ahead a year, and I know he’s already checking requirements for Stanford.”
"No Cas, Hell no. Don't leave yet." Dean practically lunged at him and grabbed his hand. "Look sit down, and I'll try to explain. Promise you won't leave. Not until we have talked."
Castiel looked confused.   “You didn’t make me do anything.”  He ran his hand through his hair tousling it further.  “You don’t understand.   I have money.  It’s not a problem.
Sam didn’t look particularly happy at this reassurance, he glared at Castiel. "You know, the only reason I am not punching you right now is because of what you did for Jack."
Lee looked at Benny, “He’s been ranting like this nonstop since he heard Lisa talking to her friends.   I had to drag him out the cafeteria to stop him from finding Alistair and beating the shit out of him.”
“Yes Dean.”   Castiel gasped slightly as Dean began to move his hand, holding Castiel’s cock and foreskin and drawing it back and forth.  He could feel Castiel tightening his stomach muscles and lean back against him.  Dean continued at a slow steady pace, allowing Castiel to feel the warmth grow in his belly.   It didn’t take long for Castiel’s breathing to speed up.
“I can’t understand a word you’re saying, but you’re driving me crazy,” said Dean. “You’re amazing.”
So the idea of seeing Cas so carefree, so sensual, so debauched in a skin magazine had caused Dean’s brain to stutter.
Uriel’s dark cold eyes flickered over to Dean and gave him the same look as someone might look at gum on their shoe.  “Who is this?”
Dean sat waiting for several minutes. Biting his lip, Dean stared at the little house. Checking his watch, he became concerned about what Castiel was doing in there. How long did it take to ask for a couple of rooms? Dean was just about to get out of the car and see if Castiel needed rescuing (again), when the door opened and Castiel waved at him to come in.
Dean then turned to his bedside cabinet and extracted a half consumed bottle of whisky and a single glass. He poured a large measure into the glass and handed it to Cas.
“I’m sorry,” said the man. “I wasn’t sure. It was hard to tell outside in the storm, but you’re an Omega. I should go.” The man made a move to grab the door handle and climb out.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll just take a blanket then,” said Castiel, as he reached for the comforter on the bed.
Dean hadn’t been in Castiel’s room before.   It was painted in shades of warm blue, with solid white wood furniture.   A single bed with a bright childish cartoon bee duvet was against the far wall, creating a large open space in the middle of the room, where a yoga mat lay.  On the other side of the room was a desk with chair and a huge bookcase.  There were a couple of posters on the wall above the bed; one a picture of the cast of ‘The Big Bang Theory’, the other a picture of the Earth from space.   It took Dean a moment to realise there was no TV in the room.    Castiel had opened one of the other two doors in the room, to show a walk-in closet.  Dean assumed the other door was the ensuite bathroom.  Standing warily at the door to the room, he waited until Castiel gestured him in.
Cas jumped slightly at Dean’s words, and tipped his head on one side studying him, as though confused.   “I injure you, and you want to buy me coffee?” he clarified.
“I don’t like it, but I got it.  You know this little gun ain’t accurate much beyond about 50 yards,” said Benny.
Gabriel’s eyebrows raised. “OK. OK. No harm done there then. It sounds like you had a nice night, without the awkward morning after conversation. Did you get a name, anything to try to track him down?”
"Good morning Sam. Dean" said Cas from the doorway of the kitchen as he entered. He was already dressed in his usual attire, dark pants, white shirt, blue tie and trench coat. He glanced at Dean, and took a seat on the opposite side of the table away from Sam.
“Faster,” Castiel whimpered he let his eyes flicker shut, giving in to the sensations that Dean was producing in him.   “Good.  So good.”
Cas turned to look at Dean with a smile and a curious tilt to his head.  He was wearing jeans and button down, just like in one the photoshoots.  Where was his Cas with the stupid jumpers, or the flower patterned t-shirts?   How could Cas look so normal?  Dean had spent the last three hours thinking whether anything Cas had said had been real, and there he was, standing at the bar, talking to Sam, like Dean’s whole world hadn’t just crumbled like a sandcastle on the beach.
Through the darkness and the pain, Dean recognised that voice. “Sammmmmy?” he seemed to be slurring. Was he drunk? Still hungover? How much had he had to drink?
Clearing his throat, Dean said, “When you said bring a bag, I thought we might be staying at Gabe’s.   So gonna tell me where we’re going then?”
“I’d never considered it before,” said Lee with a cocky grin looking Dean up and down.  “But, you are very pretty, I might be persuaded,” he teased.
Gabriel sighed, accepting everything Dean said.  “I guess we’ll have to see how things pan out then Dean-o.”
“Queer Eye is a guilty pleasure of mine.”   Noah gestured towards the store, “may I make a few suggestions?”
Dean tried to sound bored. “You done now?” He rounded the back of the car casually as though this was an everyday occurrence for him.  He rested his butt on the rear quarter panel and shrugged.  “OK.  You have me.  I’m here.   Show me Cas.”
“Cassie. You’re my brother and I love you. But putting that to one side,” said Gabriel. “I’ve worked with you all through your training, and, if you will accept my job offer, I’ll be your boss – several times removed. I know you. I know what your colleagues think of you. I’ve seen your appraisals and references. You are an excellent doctor. But unless you’re dealing with a child, you can come across as cold, unapproachable, inhuman and unsympathetic. So, trust me when I tell you, showing some compassion or some kind of emotion is not a bad thing. In fact, it might make your patients and colleagues like you a little better.”
“I wouldn’t,” said Dean, snuggling back against Castiel. “Although I think Sam and Jess are feeling a little overwhelmed now with our brood. Thank goodness Ro and Gabe offered to take the kids to their place this weekend.”
Dean blinked in surprise.  Everything in Castiel’s life was difficult, yet he still had the compassion to check that someone else was OK.  “Yeah, Dude.   Everything is fine.   I just couldn’t sleep.”  Dean didn’t want to tell Castiel that it was concerns about Castiel that was causing the restlessness.
Dean went back to him room and grabbed his running gear and a water bottle.  His mind was too active, perhaps a run would help calm it, he thought.   Scribbling a quick note for Sam and his Dad in case they woke up whilst he was out, Dean slipped out and began a slow jog out and back into town.    He hadn’t really been watching which way he was going and was vaguely surprised when he found himself at the sports field next to the school.  Enjoying the crisp air that was present at stupid o’clock, he made a couple of lazy circuits around the edge of the field, before deciding to head back home.
Confused, Castiel looked at Sam, who was looking at the floor ashamed.   Sam suddenly crumpled against his Dad and started crying.
“Да, я говорю свободно. Я продолжал учиться онлайн,” said Castiel.   (**Yes, I speak it fluently.  I continued to study online.)
Any semblance of restraint from Dean disappeared at that moment.  He smashed his lips to Castiel’s and gripped his shoulders.    The gentleness from earlier, disappeared in a mutual frenzy of grabbing and kissing.   Dean could feel Castiel’s muscles under his hands rippling and moving, and he loved it.   They kissed and rolled together like one entity.    Dean sucked a large hickey on Castiel’s collar bone, and Castiel moaned and gasped loudly.   Dean loved to hear him come apart underneath him.   Castiel pressed the advantage at one point, running a single finger along the underside of Dean’s cock.    Dean swore and grabbed Castiel’s hand, pinning it above his head, before diving back on Castiel’s mouth.  Dean held him loosely with one hand, whilst he used the other to caress Castiel’s cheek and jaw.
Pleased with the response, Dean continued his careful preparation of Castiel.   Soon Dean could feel Castiel pushing back, whimpering with want, and he withdrew his fingers, “Turn over Angel.  Let me see you.”
“Wow, is that really the best you got Alistair?” said Dean, his voice dripping with sarcasm. “Cause I gotta say, it’s pretty weak for a guy that looks like he can’t lift a five kilo dumbbell.   Or perhaps that’s the issue, you tried, but it fell on your head.”
Castiel tutted at Gabriel and went into the kitchen to make coffee.   “The hotel was lovely, just like you said.”
Sam was looking at the monitor. He wasn’t sure what he was looking at, other than the clear trace of Dean’s heartbeat, but nothing was beeping alarmingly, so he took that as a good sign.
Grinding his teeth together, Castiel refused to speak during the entire class, and dashed out the door as soon as the bell rang, so Dean didn’t even get the opportunity to speak to him again.
“Those fucking bastards,” ranted Dean, stomping up and down, as though he was trying to burn off nervous energy.  “Do you know what they’re saying about Cas now?”
The request made Castiel smile.   Dean leaned against the wall watching as Castiel quickly removed his socks, stripped off his T-shirt, and then his trousers and boxers in one go.   There had been a joking comment made one night, about how unsexy it was to stand there in socks after taking off their clothes, and now they both made a point of removing their socks first, when undressing.
Castiel books a night away for them together at a hotel and gives Dean a necklace that says Assbutt, Castiel wears one that says Dork.
Carefully finishing his mouthful before answering, Castiel sighed.  “I guess it’s just habit.   I don’t really ‘do’ fashion,” he said using air quotes.  “When I left home, um, I just focused on what was necessary for school, the rest was just ignored.  I am not sure, but I don’t think I own any jeans.”
“I could spend a lifetime trying to describe you and your body, and still never do you justice.   You take my breath away,” said Castiel, his voice barely above a whisper.
I realised that I had already used Becky as the name of the Celebrant at Benny's funeral.  My mistake.  But for clarity, they are definitely two different characters in this story, even if they share some similar personality traits.
They continued their meal, before Dean finally blurted out, “What if we went shopping, and chose some new outfits?  You and me.  I was thinking we could make a day of it, grab some lunch and give your wardrobe a makeover.”
Gabriel arrived a couple of hours after Castiel’s call, driving a beaten old pick up truck, and jumped out the cab happily to greet him. Castiel stood up and met him halfway, both pulling each other in for a welcoming hug. They had often joked about their complete lack of family resemblance, with Gabriel being several inches shorter than Castiel, and a lot slighter in build. His hair wasn’t as dark as Castiel’s and his eye colour was a warm golden brown that suited his toffee and nutmeg scent. Continuing their hug, they took a moment to enjoy each other’s familiar scent.
They made their way back downstairs to the Great Room and were met by a waiter.   “Hello, I’m Ryan,” said the waiter.   “It’s a lovely evening, and we have some tables set up on the patio if you would prefer to eat outside.”
Sam returned with a cup of sweet milky tea, which Gabriel handed to Castiel with a couple of white tablets.  “They are just pain meds, Cassie.  The ones the Doctor gave you when you strained your shoulder.”
He considered trying to watch something on TV again, but in the end decided to call it an early night and go to bed.
Cas laid a hand on Dean's arm, calming him. "He's your brother, he's family and he cares about you deeply."
I know I say this a lot, but thanks so much for your lovely comments.  I can't believe the reaction this story seems to give people.   There are 179 subscribers!   If I could buy you all a drink I would!
Laughing Gabriel pulled the truck into the driveway of his house. “Come on. Ro can’t wait to see you again.”
“It’s fine.  You’re just too good at that,” said Dean trying to breathe.   He kept Castiel at arm’s length.   “Gonna disgrace myself if you do that again.”
“Scream for me Dean,” said Castiel, kissing his back and the nape of his neck. “No one can hear you but me. That’s it, cum for me, my Omega.”
Dean realised that he should have let go of Castiel several seconds ago, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to release him.     He knew he should have stepped back, but the piano introduction of the next song started up, Christina Perri’s, A Thousand Years.
“I wish I was.”  Castiel sat down on his yoga mat, pulling at his new jeans slightly to give him some space to bend his knees, resting his back against the bed, so he wasn’t looking at Dean.  “Gabe was concerned at first, especially since I was technically underage.   He threw one guy out that propositioned me.”
“Oh,” said a disappointed Castiel.  “In that case I guess I’ll see you on Monday.  But I’ll text you later.”
“Guys, I think we should take this back to the bar,” said Sam breaking the tension.   “There’re people that actually want to use the rest room.”
As though a single entity, the group turned to look at the owner of the voice.  Dean Winchester was standing there, a short-barrelled shotgun held loosely in his hand, aimed directly at Alistair.  He’d obviously got dressed in a hurry; thrown a jacket on over his T-shirt and slipped his feet into a pair of boots.
“Gabriel,” warned Castiel.  “No joking about this.   Last thing I need is some assbutt at school to think I’m ‘advertising’ myself.”
Dean confesses how serious this relationship is for him, and promises to stay in touch with Castiel when he leaves, and find his way back to him.
“Cassie showed me the new tags - Assbutt.   I know you joked about it, but Cassie also told me that things had progressed between you two significantly, you know, at the hotel.”
Dean nodded dumbly, as though he had just realised they were still in the car.   “Yeah.  I mean, you
Dean shook his head, and took a large swig of whisky straight from the bottle. "Look the whisky is for me, and I would like you to join me. But you don't have to."
The out of body Dean, watching the events from afar, saw that Castiel was satisfied that Dean was warm enough, gently guided him out of the shower, patted him dry, and escorted him to the bedroom, where he carefully put Dean into bed and ensured he was covered and warm.
Cas blushed. "Well, I didn't notice at the time, but replaying the events in my head, I now realised at your moment of crisis…"
“Well, that’s good. I mean about not hitting you. Not good that you broke down. But what about you?” said Dean. “Are you hurt?”
Dean grinned and kissed Cas again. He slowed his movements and saw an unhappy frown flicker across Cas's face. Dean slowly raised himself off Cas, so he was on his knees next to him. The lack of immediate stimulus allowed Dean's brain to catch up. Slowly Dean reached down and undid his own belt buckle watching Cas's face carefully as he watched Dean's actions. He saw Cas unconsciously lick his own bottom lip as Dean popped the button and lowered the zip on his jeans teasing Cas with just glimpse of his lower abs. The look of lust on Cas's face sent a spasm through Dean's groin, and his cock twitched in response.
The conversation with his Dad went about as well as Dean could have expected.   Once he’d got over the initial surprise about situation, and the concern about Dean shooting and killing someone, he was keen to return to Lawrence as soon as possible.   Dean managed to persuade him that they were all fine, and it would be better to stick to the original schedule of John returning on Saturday.   At the back of his mind was the thought that if John came back sooner, they may leave Lawrence early, and he wanted to spend as much time with Castiel as possible.
Dean had only popped into the local convenience store to grab some milk, and some beef jerky.    Between his schedule for college, homework and work shifts at his Uncle Bobby’s garage, he barely had time some days to grab lunch.   He’d found that a few strips of jerky mid morning and mid afternoon between lectures helped tide him over, and definitely made him less hangry.
It was clear Dean had a strong idea of what he was looking for.   The first few shops he paused in the doorway, glanced quickly over the racks, checking a couple of price labels, and then dragged Castiel to the next one.
Cas nodded, a scared look in his eye, but he held up his hands trying to placate Dean, by showing he was harmless.
Dean blushed, and hid his face in Cas’s shoulder.   “I saw the magazine, and I thought it was you, and I was so confused.”
Everything had happened so fast in the labour ward, and Jack had been taken away so quickly, that Dean hadn’t had time to really understand and process exactly how small a 2½lb baby really was. If anything, Jack looked even smaller. He had a very fine dusting of blond hair on his head, his arms and legs were thin, and his skin was bright red. Dean was startled at that, it reminded him too much of how Benny looked when his Polycythaemia had hit. “Is the redness normal?” he asked the nurse that was monitoring Jack. She was reading Jack’s file and making notes.
Thank you so much to everyone who has commented and left messages.   Whilst this story was completely written, some of your ideas and comments have been taken into account, and little snippets added where appropriate.  Thank you.
Dean could sense Castiel’s confusion and embarrassment.  Damn it, he could feel his own raising from his gut.  He changed position in the bed, crawling behind Castiel, and spooning him, pressing his chest to Castiel’s back, maintaining his body contact.  One arm draped over Castiel’s middle pulling him closer.  Now he wasn’t looking at Castiel’s blue eyes, or soft kissable lips, he felt like he could pull himself back under control.   “OK.  Words,” he said softly, “You’re worried I won’t like your body, because it’s male?”
“Have you seen Cas this morning?” said Dean to Benny as he took his seat.   Castiel’s desk was conspicuously empty.
Taking a seat at the kitchen table, he played with the condensation on the outside of the glass as he looked out the window.   He couldn’t help it, but he was worried about Castiel.
Gabriel had made several jokes about Castiel’s virility, and being two for two when he found out that Dean was pregnant again so soon. Something Dean couldn’t help but be a little smug and proud of his Alpha about, even if it was a shock to be pregnant again so quickly. Even more so, the evening after they had the pregnancy confirmed, when Castiel took Dean and Jack to a lovely little Italian Restaurant, to find it completely decorated with fairy lights and rose petals, with all their friends and family there. Dean had turned to Castiel in delight, to find Castiel already down on one knee offering Dean a beautiful white gold ring, set with a thin line of blue diamonds. Dean cried, Castiel cried, and Jack cried, making them all laugh, and everyone agreed as far as proposals went, it was perfect.
“Yes Cas, a friend.  Not a boyfriend.  Not a with benefits friend.  A ‘please help me with my homework and let’s watch a movie together’ friend.”  Dean laughed.   “Please tell me you have at least one platonic friend at this school.”
Cas smiled at Dean, and regretfully said, "I do actually need to go. I made arrangements to meet with Garth for some supplies. I will return later."
Castiel reached down and gently squeezed and jerked Dean’s cock in time with his thrusts.  Castiel adjusted the angle of his thrusts, knowing instantly when he hit the pleasure point in Dean, by his reactions.
Even with a bit of a promotional discount that Noah gave them, it was however still a larger than anticipated amount for Dean when Noah rang in the last item.
Pacing up and down the short room, Dean looked up when the door opened.  Benny slipped into the room, looking concerned.   “Teacher sent me.  You OK Cher?”
It was done innocently enough, but it sent a spike of arousal straight to Dean’s groin as Castiel fed him from his plate.  The steak was incredible, just as Castiel had said, melting in the mouth.
“Let me know if that changes, OK honey?” said Missouri. She was still watching the monitor. “When you wrote your birth plan, you said you didn’t mind an epidural. Are you still happy with that?”
Dean could see Henriksen’s eyebrows raise impressed.   “Well done.  That was very insightful, considering you haven’t read it recently.”
“Probably not,” said Gabriel grinning. “But I want to say thank you for being good to him.  And if either of you need any advice, or want to talk to my gay friends..…”
Dean couldn't figure out how Cas could both be so gentle and so demanding at the same time. He felt every tiny movement as Cas took him into his mouth. His tongue lapped at him, as well as Cas gently tugging and creating the most wonderful moist sensations. The warm water cascading around him added to the whole feeling of being completely enveloped by Cas. Dean had received many blow jobs over the years, but nothing compared to the feeling he now experienced. Cas was a revelation. It was like he knew instinctively where to touch, where to suck, where to kiss and where to graze his teeth.
“I’m Lisa.”   Lisa indicated to a group of girls sitting on the other side of the classroom.   “My friends and I would love to invite you to join us.  I mean, being new and all that,” she glanced disapprovingly at Castiel, “you wouldn’t know the right people to know.”
When they broke apart, Cas could see the wheels in Dean's head turning. "Am I acceptable to you?" asked Cas quietly.
Benny had joined them by this point, he spoke to Sheriff Mills, “But I saw what happened.  Dean was unarmed initially when Alistair tried to stab him.
“Yeah, I do,” said Dean quietly. “Cas gave me the chance to choose, and I want to choose him.  I know it's a crazy situation, but Cas is my True Mate.”
Sam leant over so Dean could speak quietly into his ear, “If anything happens to me. You. You take care of Jack.”
“Oh yes.  Of course.”    Castiel tried to change the subject.  “Can I ask about the sign language?   Why do you guys sign?”
From Castiel, Sunday 8.17pm.             Hi.  Gabe thinks you have a hero complex.  Wish we’d had the opportunity to talk privately today.
John just held Sam, allowing him a moment to let the tears flow, and looked back at Castiel, who was just as surprised.
Dean chuckled slightly as he turned to look at Castiel.   “Because I can tell you’re the brainy one, and I need to copy your notes.”
“I did it.  Self-defence,” said Dean firmly.  “He had a knife and was going to attack me.  I didn’t mean to kill him though.”
“We both knew our paths were going to diverge,” said Castiel staring out the window.  “But the things we’ve shared in these few short months, and even in the last 24 hours, no one can take that away from us.   Our future may be challenging and difficult, but I don’t see that as an impediment, considering what we have already been through.”
“I have a small confession,” said Castiel looking at Dean, and then down at his hands.  “I know you were concerned about the cost today.   But please don’t be.”
As they got to the next floor, a gaggle of five boys ‘accidentally’ bumped into Castiel, shoving him hard with their shoulders and elbows.   “Watch out fag,” one sneered as Castiel pinwheeled his arms trying to prevent himself from falling backwards.   With surprising speed, Dean caught and pushed Castiel back up to the safety of the hallway.     If Dean hadn’t been as quick, Castiel would have taken a serious tumble down the stairs.  Looking around, the boys had already disappeared into the throng of other students.
Dean hovered near Cas just in case he suddenly keeled over.  He had no idea what to say.  Nothing he could say would make the situation better.   He sighed with relief as Gabriel returned carrying first aid kit, and a bowl of warm water.  "Dean-o, could you get some ice packs out of the freezer?  There are some physiotherapy gel ones on the upper shelf. Grab a few."
He kissed down Castiel’s chest before reaching over to his bedside drawer.  Castiel looked puzzled until he spotted the small bottle of lube that Dean extracted.
“I was thinking of coming out here.  Just so he’s not on his own.  Apparently, no one else is out at the school.”
Dean’s hackles rose automatically, and John gently placed a hand on Dean’s arm.  “See, just the thought of that makes you angry.   I am not saying no, but you should maybe think about it a little bit more.  OK?”
Castiel looked up, eyes wide in shock.  In the brilliant sunshine, his eyes looked even more blue, if that was possible, and it prompted Dean of think of the warm tropical waters of a Caribbean island.
“No.  I won’t.”   Dean lifted Castiel’s leg slightly, giving him greater access, and as much as he wanted to bury himself in Castiel’s warm hole, instead he took the time to line up carefully, and nudge Castiel’s rim with his cock.  Castiel unconsciously tensed, and then deliberately relaxed.
“Oh yes,” moaned Dean.   “So good.”  It was like nothing Dean had ever experienced.   Reaching up above him, he found himself pushing on the headboard of the bed, to push down on to Castiel’s hand.
This is a short chapter, so I thought I would share it today.  There will be a longer chapter tomorrow.
I am so sorry!   Please don't shout at me too much in the comments - seriously not sure I can take it, even if I deserve it.
“I guess Cassie never told you what I do for a living, did he?” Gabriel said laughing at Dean’s expression.
Glancing around to make sure they weren’t going to be overheard, Dean dropped his voice a little.  “Cas, I’ve slept with a grand total of 3 people.  Two girls, one man.  There’s been a couple of other, well, relationships seems a bit strong.”
Rummaging in his overnight bag, he extracted a pair of pyjama bottoms, and stood at the edge of the bed, debating whether he should get changed before Castiel returned or wait, and perhaps they could undress each other.   Suddenly the decision was taken for him, when Castiel opened the bathroom door.
Sam and Castiel had spent the first hour or so going through Sam’s homework.   Before trying to jointly translate a book in Latin that Sam had borrowed from his uncle.   After discovering several references to exorcisms and demons, Castiel had declined to handle the book any further.
Alistair started to cry and then Dean could smell the mistakable odour of urine.   In an abject state of fear that he was going to be shot, Alistair had pissed himself.
Dean pulled them into a classroom and explained how he and Sam had found him and taken him home.   “Obviously I can’t prove it, but I am fairly sure it was that asshole Alistair and his side kick Gordon,” Dean said.
Dean quickly peed, gave his lower regions a wash and his mouth a quick rinse with mouth wash.   When he’d finished his ablutions, he slipped on his pyjama pants and returned the bedroom to a tousled haired Castiel stretching his arms and legs, as he lay in bed.   Turning to face Dean, he smiled, “Hello Dean.”  Castiel’s morning voice was deep and gravelly.
Thanks to numerous hunting buddies of their Dad, and the eclectic library of books that their Uncle Bobby let Sam read whenever they visited, Sam already knew large swathes of Latin, French, German and some Greek.   Sam also had an almost photographic memory, and Dean had made sure that Sam had already read every book that the mainstreams schools used for English Literature and language, learning with Sam along the way.   It was amazing what classics could be picked up for 25 cents at most thrift stores.  Where something very unusual or specific was required, well, the old five finger discount at the library took care of any problems.   Dean knew that Sam had a thirst for knowledge, and like a good older brother, did everything he could to feed it.   Although he was willing to concede that enhancing the Chemistry set, purchased for three dollars, with additional chemicals like phosphorous and sulphuric acid may not have been the smartest thing that Dean had done.   The toxic smells, smoke, and fire damage to the motel room they had been staying in was the stuff of legends in their family.  John had also promptly banned Dean from trying to teach Sam anything chemical related again.
“I don’t think I can express it with words,” said Castiel kissing him again.  “You trusted me enough to let me….” Castiel broke off burying his face in Dean’s neck.  “It was wonderful.  Thank you.”
“I’m good Dad.  Good to see you,” said Dean, dropping Castiel’s hand so he could hug his Dad properly.
Sam was spending the day with Brady, one of his friends from school, who was having a pool party for his birthday.  Dean had met Brady’s parents when he dropped Sam off, and thought it would be a nice change for Sam.  Sam was under strict instructions to call Gabriel if there were any issues, as at least Gabriel was local.
Dean made several attempts to engage Castiel in conversation during the lesson, but Castiel provided only single word answers.
Huffing, Dean took a large mouthful of coffee.   “It’s just me, my brother Sammy, and Dad.   Mum died when I was four.   Sammy’s four years younger than me, and says he doesn’t care who I like, as long as they aren’t a douchebag.  My Dad – well I gotta say he took it better than I expected.”  Cradling the mug in his hands, he stared up at the mirror, checking who was within earshot.  “He’s an ex-Marine, so I expected a whole heap of shit about it.   Especially after he walked into my bedroom and found me with a guy giving me a blowjob.”
Returning to the kitchen Dean started rummaging in the drawers and cupboards of Gabriel’s kitchen.  “Do you have a blow torch or portable gas stove?” he asked
Dean hadn’t moved since he first spotted Cas. He couldn’t tell if he had been watching for 1 minute or an hour. He had always admired Cas’s fighting skills when he’d seen them. He knew Cas had been a soldier, and a darn good one. But he hadn’t ever thought about how he had learnt or honed those skills.
Not able to confirm or deny anything, Castiel just nodded and turned back to Gabriel who was back in the truck.
Dean slowly moved his hips.  Pulling slowly out of Castiel, until only the head of his dick remained inside, before firmly and slowly pushing back in.    “Fuck Cas.  You feel so good.”   He pulled back again, and could feel Cas trembling beneath him.  “Am I hurting you?”
“Gabe’s a joker and completely inappropriate most of the time, but he is very professional when he is working.   Very strict on ID’s, age and consent.   He doesn’t allow alcohol or drugs on set.  Even for what he calls ‘vanilla sex’, he makes everyone sign very strict agreements, and he won’t work with people that don’t take it seriously. The whole BDSM thing is apparently quite popular, and I know he goes a long way to making sure everyone is safe.  Everything agreed before hand, Limits, safe words and the like.  He says when the actors feel safe, the ‘performance’ is better.”
Castiel nodded, and gently leant in to give Dean a small kiss on his cheek.  “Till tomorrow.”  Castiel quickly slipped in the front door, giving Dean a last lingering look, before closing it.
“Only when working with Dad, and never at school,” said Dean resolutely.  “We help him out sometimes teaching weapons maintenance.  He trained us both, with weapons and unarmed combat.  We can hold our own. I know it sounds a bit wild, but honestly we aren’t the bad guys.”
Castiel couldn’t deny that he was curious and concerned about Dean, but he was also captivated by the Omega within. Dean’s attractiveness was obvious, but it was more than that. Dean’s willingness to trust Castiel, to offer him a lift to town and to allow Castiel to see his vulnerable side when he confessed how long he’d been celibate. The Omega was a fascinating contradiction.
They finished their meals chatting about their recent exams, and their expectations regarding their results.   Ryan took their empty plates.   “Anything else for you,” he asked.  “Dessert?  Refill on those drinks?”
Climbing off the chair, Dean put the T-shirt back on, and turned to face Gabriel.   “I get the feeling we need to clear the air on a few things.”
“That’s pretty specific Dean-o,” said Gabe as he gently dried the now washed area of Castiel’s face and applied a couple of butterfly plasters.   “First-hand experience?”
“Erotica,” said Gabriel grinning wildly.   “Jimmy’s first photoshoot hit the shelves yesterday.   A nice little gender neutral magazine, for women or men.”
Dean knew that Sam really should have skipped a grade already, but with their itinerant lifestyle, schools were usually unwilling to take a chance and push a student that might not be around for long.   Dean might not be at genius level, but an eight year old teaching a four year how to read and write, and grade three maths, meant that Sam was already well prepared when he did reach elementary school, and that continued throughout their spotty education.   Dean never babied Sam when it came to learning, pushing him to understand the stuff Dean was learning, and now Sam was outstripping Dean’s knowledge.
Dean could see the effort Castiel was putting in, with rivulets of sweat trickling from his hairline, and his top was showing clear signs of sweat patches on his chest, but there was also a casual ease in his gait.  It was clear that this was a regular event, not a random spur of the moment idea, unlike Dean.
A waitress appeared with a couple of menus, but they both knew what they wanted and ordered without looking at the options.
Dean didn’t know what would happen tomorrow.  But this was good.  It felt right and he wouldn’t change it for the world.
Castiel heard his name being called, and saw the group, hesitating for a second.  Dean calmly held his stare, transferring his own confidence to Castiel despite the distance.  Castiel adjusted his shoulders slightly and walked over to join them at the table, carrying his tray, ignoring the whispers of the other students around them.
Recognising that Gabriel’s use of his nickname was his way of accepting him, Dean smiled.   “I guess so.”
Another filthy moan from Castiel had Dean’s own cock fully harden, and he desperately wanted to feel Castiel around him.
The sound of key in the lock at the door of the trailer, startled Castiel.  He had fallen asleep after all.  He sat up quickly trying to remember where he was and what was happening.   The clock on the DVD player said 1.45am.  The menu of the movie playing on the TV providing the only light, and he gasped in surprised when a tall bearded man entered the trailer.
Rubbing his neck Dean grimaced, “Yeah, well I’ve been grounded, so I don’t think I’ll be able to come round for a while.”
Once they had loaded everything in the boot of the Impala, Dean leant against the car, and stared appraisingly at Castiel, enjoying seeing Castiel behave differently than before.
Castiel looked bashful as he took the clothes and shuffled off to the changing rooms, just behind the mirrors.
The pièce de resistance though was the centrefold.   Dean was sure his heart had stopped.   There was Cas lying amongst the hay, lit by shafts of sunlight that caught the dust in the air, giving him an ethereal glow; hat by his side, his hand clearly cupping himself, in his unbuttoned jeans, giving a tantalising hint of curly dark hair at his groin, his lips slightly parted and his eyes half closed as though in the act of pleasuring himself.  Dean couldn’t bear look any more.   He closed the magazine, letting it slide to the floor, and he curled up in his bed.
“Well unarmed fighting is one thing,” said Dean.  “Knives and guns present a different challenge.    Your policy of running, isn’t a bad one to adopt.”
Dean didn’t want to leave his flat.  He didn’t want to visit the Roadhouse, and spend time being sociable.  He wanted to crawl into a dark hole, where his boyfriend (ha!) was a cute, naïve librarian working student that liked burgers and had to have jokes explained to him, not some bizarre sex idol.
“Distant enough for it not to be weird,” said Gabriel with a smirk, passing Dean a light beer, and Sam a bottle of 7Up.
“Yeah, not a great Hallmark moment,” said Dean wryly.   “But after my friend left, he sat me down and told me story about an army buddy he served with, Scott.    Told me how Scott had been through training with him, had saved an entire team of guys by spotting an insurgent breaking into the camp, had actually saved my Dad’s life by pulling him back from an IED, and a thousand other things that Scott had done that didn’t just make him a great Marine, and a good man.   Then one day Scott confessed to my Dad that he was gay.   Now this was huge back then, the whole don’t ask don’t tell policy.   Well after everything Scott had done for the team, Dad decided he didn’t give a crap about Scott’s sexuality.  It made no difference to what Scott had done as person, as a comrade, as a human being, and it didn’t make him any less of a soldier or man.   My Dad said, ‘so what’, and squad carried on.  Scott was killed on their next mission, and my Dad, when he returned to the US went to visit Scott’s family, and met Scott’s partner, Cal. Dad said life was too short to worry about whether love was right or wrong, but was important
Cas waited, panting slightly, for Dean to regain his senses before he shifted his weight and released the pressure on Dean, rolling to one side and lying down next to him, his head supported on one hand whilst he looked at Dean.
Castiel watched Dean’s face closely. He could tell that several different scenarios were going through Dean’s head at the moment. Dean had seemed amenable to the idea of marriage and mating earlier, but what if he was just being polite? He had been stuck in a car with Castiel at the time. He felt like he was holding his breath again until Dean spoke.
“Oh no. No private conversations,” protested Dean, stopping Sam from saying anything further. “That’s what Dad did. Making deals without involving me. No. Just no.” Turning to Castiel, Dean placed a hand on his chest, just above his heart, and looked directly into Castiel’s eyes, dropping his voice slightly. “I trust you, but no secrets. Please Cas.”
“You’ve been sneaking in here at night to be with him haven’t you. Sitting with him like this,” said Dean. “Thank you.”
"Hey, buddy.  It's me.  Dean," he put down the knife, and grabbed Castiel's wrists to stop him flailing and hurting himself any further.
Following her through the double doors, he quickly spotted Gabriel standing by the side of the curtained booths.  “I see Gabe.  Thank you.”
Cas's deep voice soothed Dean in a way that he never noticed before. Dean looked at the bottle again, and at Cas and reached a decision. He carefully placed the bottle on the dresser and turned back to Cas. "For you, I'll try. For you I will try to be better."
Lee and Benny invited Dean several times during the first week to join them for beers and TV nights but Dean gently declined, citing the need to drive Sam home, and then watch him whilst John was out.
Staring at Castiel’s beautiful anxiety ridden face, he leaned in, and nuzzled against Castiel’s cheek, his day old stubble sending sparks down Dean’s spine.  “May I kiss you?”
“Gabriel told me you hoping to head for California.  Berkeley no less,” said John addressing Castiel.
“I’ve no idea.  I heard him leave for his usual morning run, but I don’t ….  Hang on, let me check his room,” said Gabriel.
Smirking at the love drunk man next to him, “You have absolutely no idea what you are saying, do you?”
John had returned late Sunday, and he listened with interest as Sam, with some embellishments, and Dean, with less embellishments, told him the story Castiel’s attack.  Both boys had agreed not to mention Gabriel’s line of work.
Cas smiled, “perhaps we should save wrestling for another day.” Cas gripped Dean’s hips and gently pulled him down harder against him.
Dean, Lee and Benny had been in agreement that it was likely Alistair and Gordon were behind the event, but there was a complete lack of evidence to confirm their suspicions.
Dean had been counting down the seconds until his 48 hours of bedrest was completed, and Dean then insisted on being taken down to NICU to see his pup. He was worried and he knew he would never forgive himself if something happened and he personally wasn’t there.
That was not the answer Dean expected.   Was Castiel afraid of Dean?  Did Castiel think Dean would hurt him?   Dean panicked; Shit, was Castiel afraid of sex?  Dean had no idea what kind of sexual experience Castiel had except that time with April the Reaper. Maybe he was afraid of being with a man?  He paused to see if Castiel would elaborate further.   He didn’t.
Dean turned to look at Cas. "About us?" he questioned. "Absolutely not," Dean said firmly. Dean opened his mouth to speak again, but hesitated slightly, just for a fraction of a second, and saw a moment of doubt flicker over Cas's face. "I just wish I had felt able to return the compliment last night," he said quickly reassuring Cas with the squeeze of his hand. "I just ….."
Ma appeared at the door and called Castiel over, “Here dear. You didn’t eat much. Take these with you.” She handed him the to-go breakfast bags that she had originally made for Dean and himself.
Suddenly there was a flurry of activity. One of the nurses appeared and started to set up a green surgical screen over Dean’s stomach, as Missouri appeared up near Dean’s head.
Suddenly his phone pinged with a notification.  He smiled when he saw it was from Castiel.   He must be texting from the car.
The brothers meet each, but not under the best of circumstances.  We also discover more about Castiel, and his living arrangements.
Castiel opened his eyes and looked at Dean as they continued to dance.  The green of Dean’s eyes catching the light, reminded Castiel of the emerald forests of the amazon basin.
Dean had finally gone to bed around 1am after spending the evening playing poker with Sam, and then watching a movie.   They kept a large jar of low value coins; pennies, nickels and dimes for that exact purpose.   John was good at cards, and on occasion had supplemented their limited income with a decent win at a local bar in a back room game.   John had taught Dean and Sam the fundamentals of most card games, including betting strategies, some basic card counting, but also the psychology of reading people.    Something that Dean did now almost habitually outside of card games too.
Sam passed Dean a sandwich, which Dean wrinkled his nose at. “I’ll pop out later and grab you a burger. But just eat that slowly.” He handed Dean a bottle of water too.
Puzzled, Dean went to the kitchen. No Cas either. A quick glance around the room showed that nothing was disturbed. Alternating between deep concern and the realisation that Cas was a capable individual that didn’t need looking after. Dean checked the various common areas of the bunker. It was only when he reached the garage area that he noticed that one of the motorbikes, an old Triumph 6/1 was missing.
Breaking apart, but still holding hands, they glared at Benny and Lee, who were wolf whistling and cheering along with the crowd.  Rolling his eyes, Dean grinned at Castiel, and pulled him along to their first class.
Hearing the door unlock, Dean quickly rose to his feet, pushing his insecurities down, and plastered a smile on his face.  “Shall we?”  he offered Castiel his arm.
There was a sudden disturbance from down by the road.  A loud voice was calling for Dean.  Turning to look, Dean was amazed to see Sam barrelling towards him at full tilt.   Sam threw himself at Dean, and Dean caught him in a hug, “It’s OK kiddo.  It’s all over.”
“The last three months have certainly been the most stressful time of my life, but I am very glad I got to know both you and Sam through it,” said Gabriel.
The shy embarrassed smile that Castiel’s wore was breath-taking as far as Dean was concerned.  “Hello Dean,” said Castiel timidly.
Dean had tried getting details of Castiel’s plan from him, but Castiel refused to budge.  The only detail he’d given was that Dean should pack an overnight bag and be at Gabriel’s house by 6pm.
“I’ll be right back,” said Castiel pushing Dean back onto the bed when he tried to rise.  Unconcerned for his own nudity or state of discomfort, Castiel went to the bathroom to get a warm washcloth and towel and used it to wipe the cum from Dean’s cock, stomach, and chest.   Only when he had cleaned Dean, and covered him with the bedding, did he return to the bathroom, and give himself a quick wipe down.  Turning out the small lamp, plunging the room into darkness, he returned to Dean, sliding into the bed next to him, and drawing him into his arms, allowing Dean to rest his head on Castiel’s chest.
Turning his back so the teacher wouldn’t see him looking at his phone, Dean checked for a message and then sent a quick text.
Mouth dropping open in amazement, Castiel shook his head mutely, and Dean scraped the chair back intentionally making several people look round as he sat down.
While the jets massaged his back and legs, Dean looked over to see Castiel watching him.   “Most motels I’ve been at never had anything like this. The main consideration was nearly always cost, not amenities,” said Dean, relaxing.  “This is something else.”
"Yes, but you were always clean regardless." Cas nuzzled at Dean's neck hiding his face, making his deep rich voice even deeper. "Dean, tonight I don't care how or what position, or whether there is penetration or not, but make me cum for you. Make me yours and only yours."
Dean took the scene in during a glance that lasted no more than a second.   Two men were kicking at what Dean initially thought was a tramp/vagrant lying on the ground.    They had black balaclavas pulled over their faces and seemed to be laughing as they landed another kick on the man's unprotected back.    Dean spotted a bag lying a few feet away from the man on the ground.   But it wasn't a bag, it was satchel.   In an instant Dean knew who was on the ground. Castiel.
On Friday, their last night together, Gabriel offered to take Sam out to the cinema and dinner as a treat.   Although no one said it, they all knew it was done with the express intention of giving Castiel and Dean the opportunity for some alone time before Dean and Sam would be leaving, and as embarrassing as that was, Dean wasn’t going to refuse.
Reluctantly Dean realised Castiel was right. Dean realised that his scent had probably given him away to Castiel. He’d been running on empty for hours before stopping to rescue Castiel, and the thought of trying to navigate his way to Lawrence via back roads and in this dreadful weather was too much.
Castiel looked up, he made a fist with his left hand, held his right hand index finger to his lips, and then dropped his right hand on top of left, flattening like a piece of paper.
The Sheriff suggested they should all relocate from public view, and Gabriel willingly complied.  Always the host, Gabriel quickly got cold sodas from the fridge for everyone, and unwilling to be cooped up, Castiel asked them to sit outside in the back garden.
Dean felt so turned on he couldn’t think about anything other than the sensation of Castiel against him.  Castiel wasn’t applying any pressure to Dean, but their cocks were occasionally touching through their underwear, sending exciting frissons across Dean’s whole body.  At the back of his mind Dean knew they had agreed to discuss what would happen, but Castiel was clearly taking the lead, which Dean did not object to, and discussions don’t appear to be in Castiel’s play book right now.  As though Castiel had just read his mind, Castiel broke their kiss to breathe and whispered in Dean’s ear, “May I touch you intimately?”
Castiel watched as Dean stepped forward away from the Impala.  Dean carefully lowered himself to his knees.  Shoulders slumped, he bowed his head for a moment before looking back up at them.    Castiel knew every muscle of Dean, every look, and despite appearances to the contrary, the man now kneeling on the ground in front of them was not a defeated man.   Castiel saw Dean flick his eyes to him and give him the merest hint of a wink.
The pair of them people watched a bit more, picking out little details of people and clothing that caught Castiel’s interest, before finishing their coffees and making their way to the shops.
“Sure Cher,” said Benny.  “He’s a strange dorky little guy, but he shouldn’t be afraid to be at school.”
Cas glanced up, slightly confused and then looked away hurriedly. "I am unaware of any woman staying last night," he replied honestly. He stood up quickly, "I have things I need to do. I will see you both later."
“I mean, we’re leaving soon.   I guess I am just worried that one or both of you are gonna be heart sore,” said John.
Gabriel smirked at Sam behind Dean’s back.  “Upstairs showering.   Perhaps you guys should have shared the shower after all and saved some water?”
Checking it was just them in them in the room, Dean let the tears fall. “I’m getting worried now,” he confessed. “I think something is wrong and they aren’t telling me.”
"Quod sic. Sed miror ego sum facis?" said Castiel back in surprise.   (**Yes.  But I am surprised you do?)
Dean was nervous about his father’s reaction.    They hadn’t spoken after Dean had returned home last night, and the morning had been busy arranging to visit Sheriff Mills.
The Birth Centre was clearly signposted and Sam had no problem navigating his little Prius to a nearby space.
Stepping out the shower, Castiel dried himself quickly, eased on his leather trousers and yesterday’s T-shirt. He didn’t have a comb for his hair, so settled on just running his fingers through it. Fortunately, it was relatively short and didn’t tangle too much.
There was a quick trip back to the trailer, during which the boys packed their stuff into a couple of duffle bags, emptied the fridge, gave the place a quick tidy and Dean and Sam moved to Gabriel’s.
Dean grasped it, interlocking their fingers, allowing Castiel to pull him onto Castiel’s lap. "Always. My Alpha."
Dean removed his hand from Castiel’s back and flipped Lee off.    Reluctantly he let go of Castiel, but not before whispering in his ear with emphasis, “we’ll ‘talk’ later.”
Dean leant back in his seat and stared at him with a shocked expression.   “That’s so fucked up man.”   Suddenly he felt guilty about allow Castiel to buy his lunch.   “Where do you live?  How do you cope?”
Castiel led the way upstairs and Dean followed without complaint. Dean tripped on the last step of the stairs, bumping into Castiel, causing him to turn and raise an eyebrow in concern. Dean waved off Castiel’s worry, and pulled himself upright.
“Cassie said he was jogging the track, but there was some kind of tripwire.   Luckily, he wasn’t going fast, if he’d taken a tumble at full speed he’d be even worse,” said Gabriel.   “The wire cut his leg a bit, and he grazed his arm badly.   On top of the previously injuries, they are fairly sure he’s broken some ribs this time. They shot him full of pain killers.  He’s sleeping now.  But they want to keep him in overnight for observation.   Do you want to stay with him, till he wakes up?”
Castiel threw a piece of bread at Gabriel and turned to Zar.   “Perhaps you’d like to tell Dean and Sam the story of how you almost got expelled from university in France.  But maybe make it the PG version.”
Dean had been a little worried about checkout, but no mention was made about the name on the credit card saying Novak, and not Winchester.   Mildred was on duty.
Cas looked at him quizzically. "You deserve the moon and stars. What I can do will never be enough."
It took Dean’s sleep deprived brain a few moments to understand. When it finally sank in he looked aghast at Castiel’s earnest expression. “You can’t do that. Shit. You take the room, and I’ll take the car.”
“Call me John.   Pleased to meet you,” said John returning the handshake.   “I guess you heard about the excitement last night.”
Castiel cut a piece of his steak and speared it on his fork, holding it out to Dean.  “Go on try it.”
Dean smiled at the certainty Castiel had them, in their relationship, for the future.  “I think I could live with that.”   He let go of Castiel’s hand and groaned as he moved to stand up.  “I’ll grab a cloth.”    He quickly moved to the sink and grabbed both a washcloth and towel.   After carefully cleaning and drying Castiel, he attended to himself before getting back into bed.
Dean tugged Castiel by the hand, pulling him off balance, and into the centre of the bed, before quickly straddling his waist.  “We still have a few hours here before we have to head out,” said Dean running his hands over Castiel’s chest.   “I don’t know about you, but I’d really like to make use of the that time, and maybe see exactly how flexible all that yoga has made you.”
Castiel must have made an involuntary sound, because Dean's head whiplashed to look at him, and hopelessness suddenly changed to shock. "Shit!" said Dean, and hastily grabbed a towel from a hook. "Cas man, you gotta learn to knock." Dean had placed the towel around his waist, but kept his back to Cas, as he turned off the water.
Cas nodded.  He released Dean and started to walk towards the door.   He lowered his eyes and then looked at back at Dean from under his lashes bashfully.  “But I have tattoos, Jimmy doesn’t.”
Dean peeled himself off Castiel, and shifted his position so he could reach his bedside cabinet.   He opened the drawer and removed a packet of baby wipes.  He quickly wiped his hands, and then walked around the bed to where Castiel was facing, and gentle cleaned up the mess across Castiel’s groin and the bed, before dropping the tissues in the trashcan.  He grabbed his discarded tshirt and spread it over the wet patch, so it wouldn’t be uncomfortable later.
Taking a deep breath, Dean focused, his voice became hard and cold.    “Gabriel.   Listen to me.   Do you remember me telling you what my Dad does?  What he trained me to do?”
“I’d like to say yes he has, but there have been times, when I wandered down for breakfast to find several naked people getting coffee in the kitchen.  Actors, not Gabe’s girlfriends.”
In the space between heart beats Dean understood that he wasn’t prepared to let this go.  He had already wasted so much time, being scared to admit to the feelings that he had harboured towards Castiel for far too long.
“Gabriel!” complained Castiel, interrupting.   “Behave or Sam and therefore Dean will have to leave.”
At the first touch of his mouth to his cock, Cas seemed to become a molten mess. He head rolled back, and found himself clutching at the blanket beneath him. "Dean!" he screamed loudly into the night air, and followed this with a verbal torrent of what to Dean sounded like Enochian.
That Friday evening’s activities had taken a dramatic turn almost as soon as Dean stepped out of the car.    He heard the noise of a bottle smashing, followed by what sounded like scuffling noises.  Dean quickly and silently held up a fist to Sam telling him to freeze using the military hand signals their Dad had taught them.   Sam obeyed instinctively, he'd heard the noise too, and with a quick jerk of his head indicated the service road that ran down the side of the library that led to the service yard at the rear.
Resting his hands on Castiel’s hips, Dean opened his mouth wide and engulfed the head of Castiel’s cock.   Dean’s hands prevented Castiel from jolting too violently upwards, and Dean had half expected such a reaction anyway. Swirling his tongue around and over the tip, Dean sucked gently, before lowering his head, taking Castiel further into his mouth.
Dean and Castiel walked side by side, the small group making their way down the corridor together.  It was like a boxer being led to the ring by his entourage.   The whispers followed them.   Lee wasn’t in their first class, so he peeled off to go to his own classroom.
Indicating the phone, Dean said, “I think Cas is missing.  I’m on with Gabe.”  He put the phone on speaker mode so Benny could hear.
Dean turned to say thank you but was struck dumb by the intensity of the guy’s blue eyes.  He had never seen a shade of blue like that before.   The guy blushed slightly and quickly ducked his head, breaking the eye contact.  Dean’s brain stuttered.   The guy was good looking, in a geeky kind of way.   His hair was very dark, nearly black, it was short and neatly combed – although it did look like it might take a lot of effort to keep it like that.   He wore what looked like a school uniform combo of purple sweatpants and hoodie.    Swallowing to try to return some moisture to his dry mouth, Dean turned back to face forward.   He saw Henriksen pause and look up at him.
Better not to sugar coat it, Dean thought.  Trying to soften or moderate the situation would only lead to confusion. “Gabriel films porn at the house,” said Dean bluntly.
“I understand,” said Castiel warmly.  “Thank you for today. I really did enjoy our shopping trip, and spending time with you.”
Limping slightly, the man quickly wheeled the bike off the road, on to the verge, kicked the bike’s side stand into position, and parked it.
After Gabriel left the room, Sam and Dean sat on the sofa opposite Castiel, so he wouldn’t have to turn his head to look at them.
The travel time seemed shorter on the route back, and it wasn’t long before Dean parked up in front of Gabriel’s house.
They walked slowly towards the group of brightly lit buildings that made up the main entrance to the holiday park, about 500 yards away.
Dean passed various items to Gabriel as he worked.  Sam sat quietly on a chair by the window, watching as Castiel was treated.
Suddenly a bright meteor burned across the section of sky in front of them. "Make a wish," said Dean gripping Cas's hand. "That one is just for you."
“Not a joke around here,” said John unhappily.   “The name came up when I speaking to Matty about a job down in Texas.  I mentioned we were staying in Lawrence and happened to mention the name.  Saying they made it tough for outsiders to get jobs.  I wasn’t too worried given we aren’t staying here long, but if he’s heard of them way down there, they gotta have some clout.”
“Hey, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean it negatively,” said Dean.   “I meant that you are a really fast runner, and I promise you, sometimes yelling and running are probably your best two defence options.”
"I wish I could help Sammy, I really do," offered Dean in the same quiet tone.  "But Calculus is beyond me.  I think you are just gonna to have to wait 'til school tomorrow and ask the teacher."
Dean pushed himself to his feet, his gun still trained on Alistair, and approached cautiously, ready for another attack.   Dean saw Alistair’s knife still in his outstretched hand and kicked it away.   He grabbed Alistair’s arm and flipped him over.  Alistair’s eyes stared upwards to the sky, unblinking, unfocused, a large blood stain over his chest.   Although he was already sure, Dean reached down and felt for pulse in Alistair’s neck.  Nothing.
Reaching out his hand to Gabriel shoulder, Dean said quietly, and with absolutely sincerity, “I’ll trust you with my brother, if you’ll trust me with yours.”
Dean let Castiel guide him.   He tuned out any consideration for the weird situation of actually dancing with Castiel, and just for a moment enjoyed the feeling of dancing with someone.
Castiel’s whole body spasmed as he came untouched.  He cried out “Dean!” in a choked sob, and clenched around Dean cock, his cum spilling between them in a hot and sticky mess.
“Great,” said Dean with relief lowering his hands.   “I got Alistair here, and I don’t think he can walk.”
There was something about the Alpha that made Dean trust him, that made Dean’s Omega respond to him. Yes, the Alpha had looked after him, and not taken advantage when he had broken down the previous night. Was that it? Was it just the first bit of kindness he’d been given in such a long time confusing him?
The Roadhouse was exactly that.   A large place next to road that led out of town.  It was loved by students because the drinks were reasonably priced, and there was often a visiting band giving free entertainment.
As always a huge thanks to Sailor_fujoshi for being the most helpful Beta I could hope for.   But all mistakes are mine.
“OK.  Forget I mentioned it.”  There was a small pause, before John spoken again. “You know we leave in a couple of weeks, have you two talked about that?”
“I know.  But at the moment he won’t even speak to me,” said Dean.  “I think he avoids talking to anyone.”
“Gabriel,” said Dean leaning in conspiratorially, lowering his voice as though he was about to share a secret, but still loud enough for Castiel to hear, “there is a lot you don’t know about your brother or want to know.   Especially about how good he is in bed.”
Taking control of the situation, Dean pushed Castiel backwards gently, smiling slightly as Castiel pulled him down with him, preserving their closeness.
There was an awkward moment when neither said anything, they were just looking at each other, before the sound of a passing car made them both jump.
“You need to watch out for Sam.   But regarding you and Cas, I’d rather you were both safe at home, than unsafe in a carpark somewhere.  Capisce?”
There were several beats of uncomfortable silence before Gabriel said, “Well there’s rather a lot to unpack in that tale,” Gabriel said, glancing at him. “Firstly. You made love? Not just had sex?”
“No idea.   The shop assistant threw in some freebie stuff.  I haven’t checked,” said Castiel.  “Let’s see.”
When they arrived back home, Dean was surprised to see Gabriel’s car.  Inside, they found Sam, Castiel and Gabriel playing cards at the table.
Castiel waited until Hannah had served their drinks and pie and allowed Dean to take his pick of the two.  When Dean take a large mouthful of the warm apple pie the moan Dean allowed to escape as the taste exploded on his tongue was practically pornographic.
Dean would like to say it was Cas’s smile that first caught Dean’s attention, but it would be a lie.   Everything about him had taken Dean’s breath away.   The bluest eyes that Dean had ever seen; the soft five o’clock shadow that softened the angular jaw; the soft plump lips that looked chapped but weren’t; the messy dark hair that looked like someone had been running their hands through it, giving that ‘just fucked’ appearance; the strong arms that were wrapped around Dean’s chest, preventing Cas from falling off Dean’s lap; the powerful thighs that were braced against Dean’s, rubbing against Dean’s half chubbed dick; or the simply horrible jumper that Cas was wearing.   It was bright yellow and black stripes with a bee motif saying ‘Bee Yourself’.    It was simply the ugliest jumper Dean had ever seen, wrapped around the most gorgeous man.
Picking up one of the baby care books Gilda had brought him, he tried to sit down and read instead, but gave it up when he realised he’d looked at three pages, and couldn’t recall a thing he’d just read.
Gabriel walked ahead, trying to give the boys a little privacy.  Castiel said, “I know you said you’d come over, but Gabe insisted on coming here.”
“Hello Angel,” said Dean with a grin.  The use of Castiel’s ASL name seemed strangely natural.   He reached out and pulled Castiel into a tight hug.  “You OK?”
Trying to calm his racing heart and act natural, he walked to the car. He knew Ma was watching. There was a cold bite to the air that refreshed his senses like a splash of cold water to the face.  As he opened the car door, he saw Castiel’s bike helmet sitting where he’d left it last night on the front seat. It made him catch his breath. Dammit. Scanning the windows on the upper floor, Dean leaned into the car and grabbed the helmet. As he lifted it, he caught a strong waft of Castiel’s natural scent. It was stronger and more intense than he'd experienced with the Alpha in person. It caused a wave of emotion that nearly sent him running back to Castiel.
Humming gently as he washed his hair, Castiel felt relaxed and loose in a way he wasn’t sure he’d ever experienced. It had been a very long time since he’d felt a spark of attraction to someone like he had for Dean, and even longer since he’d had intercourse. Being with Dean had felt amazing even without knotting, but it was the feeling of caring for someone else that was making him smile. Realistically he knew it was crazy; Dean was a complete stranger. He knew almost nothing about the man, not even his full name.
The other two carrying petrol cans began to liberally slosh the flammable liquid around the cabin’s walls.
“How would you feel about switching up the duds a bit?  Maybe wear a pair of jeans instead of that tracksuit?  I don’t think I’ve seen you out of school uniform, and technically you aren’t even obliged to wear that, now that you’re a senior.”
"I glad I met you too.  Dean had spoken very highly of you, and I can see it's not exaggerated," said Castiel warmly.
Lee had already done a lot of the groundwork of telling the story when he had gone to speak to the Sheriff on Saturday.   Lee had described the escalating levels of personal attacks on Castiel, including the false drug dealing accusation.
Neither Castiel or Dean wanted a fuss about their marriage. As Dean had been married previously, they’d had a pup out of wedlock or mating, and he and Castiel were already mated, it seemed an unnecessary formality. They both believed their mating was more important to them than a marriage certificate. Keeping it low key, Rowena helped Dean organise everything. It was a quiet simple civil ceremony at a local hotel, where they both wore royal blue suits, and had a formal sit down dinner.
“Yeah,” said Dean. “Just his eyes, they’re so blue.” It had been a shock to see the unfocused blue eyes staring at him. They looked just like he remembered Castiel’s. The exact same shade. His heart clenched tightly as he imagined looking at Jack every day and seeing Castiel there.
Dean was grateful for any story that took the focus off either himself or Castiel, and he settled back to listen as Zar launched in a long and funny story about how his professor hated him, as he had caught him making out with another student under the professors desk.
“Bobby’s gut rot will blind you, if it doesn’t poison you first,” said John dryly.  “I figured you might be in the mood for the good stuff.  Exam’s finished and all that.”
From Dean, Sunday 6.53pm.               Dad just left.  I am not grounded anymore.  Want some company?
“You did Casa Erotica!” exclaimed Dean, then flushed as he realised he had pretty much admitted to watching porn.
Their first night together at Gabriel’s, had been the day of the kidnapping, and apart from a few small kisses and cuddles, they both fell asleep quickly, each exhausted and sore from their injuries.  The subsequent nights however were spent by them finding new ways to take each other apart as silently as possible, before they would fall asleep, sweaty, satiated and tangled in each other’s limbs.
“Now we’ve cleared that up, I think we have some unfinished business we need to discuss back in our room.”  Dean stood up and pulled Castiel to his feet.
“Well I don’t think the police would do much, considering this was probably Alistair, or one of his goons.   And I didn’t want to go to the hospital, because my older brother Uriel works there,” said Castiel quietly.  “Don’t worry, Gabe has a Doctor on the payroll of his film company.   He called in a favour, and had the Doctor come round and check me over this morning.  Doc said I’ll be fine.”
They kissed again, then drew apart, both breathing heavily.    Their eyes instantly and instinctively meeting.  There was no need for words.  There never had been.
Finally Castiel turned and looked at Dean.  The wariness in his blue eyes made Dean uncomfortable.  “Look, I don’t know if you are messing me with, or not.  But either way, I’d prefer it if you left me alone.”
It was too early to sleep, so Dean sat up and encouraged Castiel to lie down with his head resting on his thigh, whilst Dean gently carded his hand through Castiel’s hair, and drew aimless patterns on Castiel’s arm with his fingertips.   Dean found it very relaxing and let his mind drift.
Puffing slightly, Castiel nodded.  “51.6 seconds.  I’ve been faster, but I’m happy enough.”  Taking a long drink from his water bottle.  “Do you run?”
“Goodbye Dean.”   Castiel watched as Dean drove away, before shutting the door to find Gabriel standing in the lounge watching him.   “Don’t say a word.”
“Gabe lets me rent a room at his place.   He travels for work occasionally.  I water his plants, and generally make myself useful.”  Castiel paused, “Gabe helps me out when he’s around and I also get some money from the government.”  Castiel fiddled with his napkin.    “I’ve been accepted to study in College in California, a full ride.   I just need to make my grades.   So, the bullying, the name calling, everything, I just need to put up with it for three more months.  Keep my head down for three months, then I will be able to go to College away from this place and the poison that is my parents.”  Castiel looked at Dean.   “Do you see now why you shouldn’t associate with me?”
Once Sheriff Mills had finished with Dean, she took Benny’s statement.  Benny was able to corroborate everything Dean had said.   Benny confirmed that he’d gone with Dean, because he’d had some hunting previously and had some experience with guns, whereas Lee hadn’t.   Benny had stayed hidden, only revealing himself when Dean had caught the boys trying to leave.  He was there to stop Alistair killing Dean, in the possible event that Alistair or a member of his little gang had a weapon or took the beating too far.
John passed one of the beers to Dean, then took a long swig from his own bottle.  Dean just sipped his carefully.   The silence continued for what felt like forever to Dean’s rattled nerves, but he knew John would only speak when he was ready.
Dean shrugged uncomfortably, “I guess we’ll have to trust each other then. I could be a psycho Alpha killer for all you know.”
Thank you to Sailor_fusjoshi who convinced me this was worth finishing when I almost gave up three quarters of the way through.  Thank you to Breezeranger for her SPAG skills and encouragement.
“Of course.  You keep thinking that, if you want to stay single all your life,” said Gabriel mockingly.   “Look you don’t have to tell me, but I get the feeling there’s more than the platonic friend he claims to be.”
“Well we don’t get the results for a bit. So, save some of that, I might need to this celebrate or commiserate.”  Dean took another sip and sighed.  “Come on Dad, I can tell you’ve got something on your mind Dad.  Let’s hear it.”
Waving the flashlight beam in front of him, he walked unsteadily to the rear of his car. His leather jacket was soaked through within seconds, and he could feel the rain trickling down his back.
Lisa commandeered Dean to join her and her friends a few times at lunch in the cafeteria.   Dean didn’t mind spending time with her, but he found he spent a lot of time watching out for the blue eyes and dark hair of Castiel.
Arms intertwined, Castiel rolled slightly and threw his leg over Dean, so he was gently pinning him down.  Their earlier release had taken the urgency away, and they were able to explore each other’s mouths and bodies without the fear of a premature ending.  Dean twisted his hips and pushed back, pushing Castiel on his back this time, and lying on Castiel’s chest.   Their faces were inches apart, and Dean ran a hand through Castiel’s hair, playing with it.  “I’ve never bottomed before, but I’d like to try, with you.  It’ll be a first for both of us.”
Dean was frantically wiping down the kitchen surface of their student flat for about the hundredth time.  Castiel was sitting at their kitchen table trying to write an essay in Russian for his language module, as Dean ran around straightening and tidying every article in sight.
Castiel studied him some more.  There was a kind of recklessness about him.   He played without inhibition, happily moving his feet and hips in time to the music, the smile never wavering despite him singing along to the music. He nodded politely to anyone that threw a coin in his open guitar case.  “I think it’s his attitude,” said Castiel watching him. “He seems to be happy, a free spirit.   He’s doing something that makes him happy, without caring about the audience.”
Sheriff Mills agreed she would return in the next couple of days to take statements, and offered to drop Benny home, and he accepted gratefully.  Benny managed to slip the unused gun back to Gabriel, without the Sheriff seeing.
It was at lunch time Friday that Lee made a suggestion to Dean.   They were sitting up high in the bleachers, so no one was around to hear them.   This had become their favourite spot for hanging out because it was far enough from the school to be private, but they could also see anyone approaching.
Dean felt a little nervous about what Castiel was about to do, but also surer than he’d ever been, that this was something he wanted.  He tried to relax as Castiel moved down the bed.  Castiel kept a hand on Dean the whole time, it was like he was reassuring them both that this was real, that this was happening.
Castiel shook his head, “I told you, too weird.   But I have thought about you a lot.   About some things I want to try.  I also did some technical research.”
The rest of Alistair’s little posse were already loaded into the back of the police cars.  Instead of a mob filled with moral indignation that they first appeared to be, they now all looked like scared children.
Castiel stared at him, “Everyone, and I mean everyone is going to assume you’re gay.   You have no idea of the level of hell that entails in this school, or in this town.”   A sudden thought struck him.   “You’re not gay though, are you?”
“Not really.”  Castiel walked towards him, and they fell naturally into each other’s arms, hugging gently.   “I won’t make a scene when your Dad gets here.   But I am really going to miss you.”
Gabriel held up his hand to stop Dean from speaking.   “Uriel, you may be our brother, but Castiel does not need your hatred, or your contempt, at the moment.  No one here requests or desires your presence.  I suggest you leave before I call security, or I release Dean on your ass, and trust me, you don’t want that.”
“Stop talking!” said Dean mortified.  “No, never.  Please don’t mention it ever again. Trust me, you and I are never going to discuss my love life ever again.”
Lee’s statement was a formality, as he had been with the Sheriff in the car, waiting down a mile further down the road, for Alistair to show.
“Storms washed out the main road about half a mile further down,” said the officer. “It’s impassable.”
Charlie and Sam had between them, been sharing the duties of accompanying Dean to his appointments. Charlie had put a positive spin on it, by positioning it as ‘omega supporting omega’, and being able to show that Dean had more than just Sam in his corner. This placated Sam enough to not make a big deal about it.
Cas gave a little smile. “Thank you Dean.” He suddenly looked puzzled. “Why are you here? Did I disturb you when I left the bunker?”
Dean felt like he was King of the World at the moment.  Here was a freaking Angel, begging him, trusting him, allowing him to make love to him.    And Dean knew that was what this was.  It wasn’t sex, it was love.
In tandem the boys exited the car and shut the doors. Almost like a well-rehearsed routine, they both reached the trunk of the car at the same time, and punched each other in the shoulder. This was their first day of yet another school ritual; their way of saying I love you; I’ll protect you; I’ll be here for you.
Dean had to adjust his trousers as his dick went from half hard, to fully aroused at the expression on Castiel’s face. “Jesus, Cas.  You’re killing me here.”
“Damn Cas,” swore Dean as he pulled back panting, “you are something else.”   Biting his lip he looked at Cas, and said embarrassed, “Shall we take this back to my room?”
When Dean pulled the Impala into the school carpark the following day, he was elated to see Castiel waiting for him.    Hurriedly saying goodbye to Sam, who just laughed at him, he walked briskly toward Castiel.
The waitress appeared with their food, and smiled at Castiel, practically ignoring Dean.  “Here you go boys, two burgers.   With a diet coke for you,” she said sliding the drink to Castiel.  “Not that you need to diet.   Just call if you need anything else.”  She walked away throwing a glance back at Castiel.
“I’ll tell you about it in the car,” said Dean.  He wanted to wait to speak to Gabriel before leaving.
Castiel reached up and touched Dean’s cheek.   Dean turned his head to meet the touch and welcomed it.  “I always have Dean.  I’ve always loved only you.”   This time it was Castiel that reached towards Dean, kissing him slowly, and relaxing against Dean.  Allowing Dean’s lips and tongue to taste and own him.
“Sorry Lisa.  I didn’t understand that bit about Entropy and Equilibrium, and I hoped Cas would explain it,” said Dean waving Castiel’s book.  “I’ll catch you later.”
“Jack is being cared for downstairs in NICU. Doctor Moseley had warned them about his condition and they were well prepared for him.”
Feeling both physically and emotionally drained, Dean looked down at Castiel, whose whole face seemed to be wearing an expression of dopey love.   His blue eyes hazy with satisfaction.
Cas for his part loved hearing Dean swear, knowing he was causing Dean to unravel in ways that he had never experienced. And Dean certainly knew some interesting and imaginative swear words. Cas himself was not immune the effects, and he could feel his own body responding to Dean and what he was doing to him. But this was not about Cas at the moment, and he easily controlled the feelings. Allowing himself to harden pleasurably, but not to be overwhelmed by the moment.
“I’m afraid I have some bad news for you,” said Sam when Dean had finished eating. “About the custody case.”
After a long, stunned silence, Castiel drew in a deep breath and pulled back slightly to look into Dean’s eyes.  “Have you been touching the cursed objects in storeroom 13?” he finally asked.
Thanks to my lovely Beta's Breezeranger and Sailor_fujoshi for their efforts.   I so appreciate your help and the work you put in.
Twin.   Dean glanced over at the other Cas in the button down that was smiling at him.  Identical twin.  “You never said you had a twin.”
Dean snorted, and shook his head.  “No Cas. This is all me.  My free will.”  He let his eyes drop to Castiel’s mouth before flicking them back up to look into the concerned eyes of his Angel.   “I was too scared to say it before, but I am saying it now.  I need you to understand.  I love you so damn much.”
“Why do they bully you so much over it?” said Dean confused.   “It’s not illegal anymore.   Or is it just you?”
Feeling much better and somewhat relieved after their text exchange, Dean relaxed and let himself drift off to sleep.
Cas leant forward and stopped Dean speaking by covering his mouth with his own. Dean responded placing his hands on either side of Cas's face and kissing him back. Eventually he stood up and Cas fell backwards until he was lying on the bed looking at him. "Fuck, you are gorgeous," said Dean hoarsely.
Although the blankets and cushions were already arranged, Dean made a point of removing his jacket and laying it down for Cas's head. Cas hummed appreciatively, enjoying the familiar musky smell that was Dean emanating from it.
“Good.  I hope it works out.”  John looked at Gabriel, “Gabe, thank you for keeping an eye on my boys.  Appreciate it.”
“He’s alive, but he was badly injured,” rushed Benny.  “They’re taking him to hospital.   The caretaker found him. Looks like he’d been there a while, unable to move.”
He made his way to the main library area, before he spotted Castiel standing by the modern music system that Sam had installed there.  Castiel had his back to the door way, his whole body swaying gently in time to the music.
Once Castiel had completed his call, he finished getting dressed, and went downstairs. Ma fussed over him and invited Castiel to wait in the dining room where some of the other guests were taking breakfast.
“Hey,” said Dean concerned.  “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”   He reached out his hand over the table and offered it to Castiel.
“So I’m not gonna stumble across Cas staring in a porno at some point?” said Dean with a small smile.
Shaking his head as an answer Dean flashed a glance at Sam.   His Dad picked up on it immediately.  “Well I think you boys deserve a treat tonight.  How about pizza?”
“It’s complicated,” said Dean.   “Something about him being an emancipated minor.   They are around, but own like half the town, and make his life miserable.”
Making good on his offer to teach Castiel some basic self-defence moves, they agreed that Dean and Sam would go to Gabriel’s house on Thursday that week, straight from school.
Fully expected to get chewed out, Dean waited in silence as his father drove them home.   To his surprise John pulled into the carpark of a bar and parked up.   Easing himself out the Impala, John led Dean inside, grabbing a couple stools at the bar, and gesturing for two beers to the bartender.
“Yeah,” John said.   “He’s running a team building and survival training camp for rich city types.   He asked if I would come down and help out.  He says they tip well.”
“Gonna be honest, sugar,” said Missouri, her accent betraying her southern roots. “I was kinda hoping to see a little more weight on your pup this visit.” She patted Dean’s leg reassuringly. “You’re at 34 weeks currently, which is good, but your pup is more like the size of a 28 week pup.”
Focusing back on the road in front of him, Dean drove slowly for several miles. Castiel remained silent, allowing Dean to concentrate. The weather was still pounding the car, and Dean was getting concerned they hadn’t seen any other vehicles. Dean indicated to the radio.	“Do you think you can see if you can get a news channel, or traffic report?”
They laughed and stepped back giving each other space.   “I’ll see you at school later,” said Dean.  It wasn’t a question.
It felt like rushing to Gabriel’s house was becoming a habit to Dean.  Gabriel already had the door open, as Benny and Dean ran inside.
As they headed out of the room, Dean offered Castiel his copy of Rebecca back.   “Keep it,” said Castiel quietly.   “I have another.”
His heart pounding, Dean managed to bring the car to a halt and looked backwards to see what he’d either, a) skilfully managed to avoid or b) clipped and probably killed.
“Having the house to ourselves does allow for you to be a lot more vocal,” said Castiel, dropping another kiss on Dean’s back. “I like that.”
Alexis returned shortly, saying Sam was on his way in, before calling an orderly to push Dean’s bed into a delivery room.
Dean sighed, “Look this is a huge ask.  But do you think you could just keep an eye on him in class.   I think between us three we cover like 90% of his lessons.   He’s like frigging Houdini outside of class, I can never find him.”
The evening passed quickly, and Castiel was surprised to find he was actually extremely tired. He’d deliberately only consumed non alcoholic drinks, so was able to drive his car home, ready for his trip to the hospital the next morning.
Dean inhaled sharply at Sam’s statement, just as he took a mouthful of soup, and ending up spluttering and coughing.  He grabbed a napkin to wipe his mouth and took a sip of water.   Sam obviously hadn't thought that when Dean said don’t talk about it, that didn't included the individual himself.
Sighing, Dean left his position at the door, and approached him.  “Oh for goodness sake.  Come here,” Dean said, before he could change his mind.
“You dumb fuck.  Cas was never in there.  This whole thing was just to draw you out here,” said Dean.  He wanted to laugh at the stunned look on their stupid faces, but he was seething with anger.   “You see, you guys are idiots,” said Dean calmly, despite his anger, as though he was having a conversation with an old friend.   “Setting fire to the Cabin was dumb.  That’s arson.   Setting a fire whilst you know there were people inside, well that’s really dumb.  That’s attempted murder.   Doing it because you thought there were a gay man in there.  Well that now is a whole new level of stupid, because that’s a hate crime.   The cops – they’re on their way.”
Castiel reach down between them and took Dean’s cock in his hand.  “Любить тебя – это как дышать… я просто не могу остановиться.”      (**Loving you is like breathing… I just can’t stop.)
Then just as suddenly he could feel that moment when the pressure eased, Dean released his grip on Castiel’s thighs and instead reached out to touch Castiel’s hands where they rested on his own hips, “Move Cas.”
“I’m prepared to give it a go,” said Benny.  “Maybe a couple of people on his side might mean a few others are less likely to have a go at him.”
There was a beeping from Dean’s phone in his jacket pocket.   “Shit,” he exclaimed.  “I lost track of time, I gotta go get Sammy.”   He grabbed his jacket and slipped it on.   “Sorry I gotta run.”
From Castiel, Sunday 6.56pm.             For the next two weeks yes.  But the Friday these exams are over – all bets are off.   I’m planning a surprise.
Dean felt awkward.  He wasn’t really family and maybe Castiel felt odd with him here.   He’d achieved what he had set out to do - check Castiel was OK.   Perhaps it would be better if he left.  He cleared his throat and stood up, “Well, I guess I’d better get going.  I, er, just wanted to check you were OK.”
Castiel dropped the tags as though they were hot.  “That would probably explain some of the comments Noah made.”
Castiel considered that. “I don’t know. I won’t deny he smelt amazing. But there was something there, not quite right. Masked, or hidden, or maybe just slightly off kilter.” Castiel rubbed his face. “I think he might be ill, that could have affected his pheromones, and his olfactory senses and scent processing. If he realised I was his True Mate, he never mentioned it.”
Interrupting him Dean said, “The message said to come alone.  They may be watching.   I’m gonna drop Benny off away from the RV point and hope he can sneak up.  That message was sent specifically to me.  Not you.  I think they probably want me in exchange for Cas,” said Dean.    “I need you to try and get hold of Sheriff Mills from Levenworth County.  Tell her what’s happened.  She won’t get to me in time, but she needs to know.”   Dean swallowed and looked at Gabriel with a pained expression, “Sam is on his way here.  I need you look after him…. just in case.  He’ll call Dad if things go wrong.”
“I’m getting Cas back, and if I have to take apart this fucking town to do it, I will.”  As Dean marched towards his car, he fired off a quick text, and then opened the door.  “You don’t have to come, Benny.  I mean it.  This could go to shit real quick.”
Dean rolled his eyes but stood up.   He took a small folding knife from his pocket and placed it on the table.   He flexed his arm and his longer thin knife dropped from his jacket arm into his palm.   He placed that on the table too and sat back down.
Gabriel returned to the lounge about ten minutes later.   “He’s already asleep.”  Gabriel offered out his hand to Dean to shake, and Dean took it slightly confused.  He was instantly pulled into a hug, “Thank you,” said Gabriel with heartfelt appreciation.  “I don’t know what would have happened to him if you guys hadn’t been there.”
As though Cas knew what was going through his head, Cas moved again, this time Dean was under Cas, and Cas was straddling him across the hips. In the process of changing position, Cas had managed to reach down both flick open the button on Dean’s jeans and lower the zip.
Rather than taking Dean to a ward, as he expected, he was transferred onto a standard hospital bed, and taken to a small area with just 4 spaces. Unhappily it reminded Dean of the small ward at Kansas City Hospital, where Benny was treated. Two of the four beds were already occupied with other expectant Omega’s. One female and one male.
Castiel groaned weakly, and thrashed, trying to push Dean away, thinking he was one of the attackers.
“Please make sure he’s OK.  I don’t care about me, but you have to save him,” pleaded Dean, holding on to Sam firmly. He saw Sam nod at Missouri, an unspoken acknowledgement of the situation.
“Thank you,” said Castiel. With a pang of concern, he realised that meant Dean had left this morning without eating anything. “Um. That’s my brother, Gabriel. He’s collecting me.” He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to explain who Gabriel was. Maybe he just didn’t want to be seen as the kind of Alpha that moved from person to person.
There was a moment of uneasy silence, that Castiel broke by saying, “I’m sorry about earlier.  I honestly had no idea about the necklaces and ...”
They lay panting heavily on their bed, in the afterglow of their orgasms. Dean pushed his hips back, forcing another load of cum and a groan from Castiel. “You’ll be the death of me, Omega mine.” Castiel carefully let his fingers trail over Dean’s extended stomach, soothingly. “Are you OK?”
Castiel walked with Dean to the front door, “I’ll text you, about coming round to teach me.  Bring Sam.  I’ll cook dinner.”
Gabriel had helped them move and get set up in California.  Staying longer than intended when he’d been offered a directing job locally, for a TV production company.   Gabriel had no intention of giving up his own production company but was willing to put it on hold to stay local to Castiel for a while.  Being able to spend more time with Kali was an additional benefit Gabriel wasn’t going to argue about.
“Nah. I couldn’t sleep. Thought I would grab us breakfast from the bakery in town, and happened to pass this way. Sorry man, I wasn’t following you. I saw the bike parked up and, thought I would check you were OK.”
When Sam released them and took a step back, Cas glanced at Dean, visibly reacting to his relief and also very pleased that Dean had said something. He knew Dean would not have been comfortable sharing this news with his brother, but he was also happy that Dean had acknowledged the change in their relationship. That Dean wasn't going to deny that there was something between them, that this wasn't going to be a secret.
"And do you know that if you ever intentionally hurt Dean, you will have a lot of very pissed off people hunting you down, and we will kill you?"
Castiel stood naked looking at Dean for a moment before Dean pointed the bed.  “I said on your back.”
Castiel blushed an even darker shade of red and glanced at Dean.   Dean swallowed audibly and gestured with a finger twirl that Castiel should do a spin.
Ma brought him a carafe of coffee and tried to encourage him to eat some toast. Several of the guests were looking at him disapprovingly. At first he wasn’t sure if it was his appearance they were unhappy about – even he would admit he didn’t look like a Doctor when wearing motorbike leathers – but he didn’t look like a Hell’s Angel either. He wondered if it was his scent; he didn’t have any chemical blockers to take, or surface blockers to put on. Eventually, he realised the issue, when one of the women, a small timid looking Omega, received a glare from her Alpha as she looked him over appraisingly and gave him a small knowing smile. Castiel and Dean hadn’t exactly been quiet this morning, and it looked like half the guests knew exactly what they’d been up to. The last thing he needed was a challenge from an upset or territorial Alpha, so he picked up his coffee and went to sit outside on the porch to await Gabriel.
Glancing around nervously Castiel returned to his book, ignoring Dean.   “Go away,” he hissed, not looking at him.
Cas shrugged.  “It was too painful.  I thought I’d lost everyone when I left home.”  He indicated to the other man, the shorter blond who was now standing next to Jimmy.  “That’s Gabriel, one of our other brothers.”
Walking back to his car, Dean climbed in and watched as the man got in the passenger side, removing his helmet once seated.
With both of them keeping a lookout, it didn’t take long to spot the driveway, marked as Mother Frampton’s Guest House, exactly where the officer had said. Pulling in Dean spotted several other vehicles already parked up in front of the house. It looked like a few other travellers had either had the same idea or received the same advice from the officer.  The house itself looked cosy and welcoming. The porch light was on, and there were other lights illuminating various windows.
Dean could feel Cas’s erection very obviously pressing against his own. Although Cas was wearing sweatpants, Dean’s jean’s felt too constricting. He moaned against Cas, wanting to feel friction, but just feeling uncomfortable.
Regretfully after breakfast they returned to their room to pack.   Their clothes had become muddled together and they laughed as they tried to work out which item belonged to whom.
“Dean. Listen to me. I’ll do what I can,” said Charlie reassuringly calm at the other end of the phone. “Even if I have to burgle the guy’s house and steal his laundry. Tell me what you know or remember about him.”
He passed the room that Cas had started to use. Since Cas had become human he had unhappily admitted to the necessity of sleep, and had welcomed the use of the room at the bunker. Dean paused for a moment and back tracked. Cas’s bedroom door was open, but there was no sound from inside the room. Carefully Dean pushed the door further ajar, hoping it didn’t squeak, to peer inside. The room was empty. Glancing around concerned Dean could see the bed had been slept in, but Cas was definitely not present.
Dean stopped and stared up, fixing his gaze on the brightest point of light. "At first it was always that Dad would find old Yellow Eyes, and kill him. Then it became that Sam would go to College, and become a lawyer."
The female Omega had what appeared to be her Male Alpha with her, the Male Omega had a Male Alpha partner. All four of them looked at Dean with curiosity as he was wheeled in alone.
They had both been too caught up in concentrating on the drive last night, trying not to have an accident to attempt to make conversation in the car, and then other events had driven thoughts of, well, anything else, from their minds. His Omega had needed caring for. Suddenly he realised he’d even said ‘my Omega’ to Dean. He’d never said that to a sexual partner before. He should speak to Dean about it. Perhaps, they could stop in town and have a proper breakfast together, and talk, maybe learn a little more about each other. Maybe he should encourage Dean to see his own Doctor, it was clear that Dean was unwell and it was affecting his scent. Yes, he’d take Dean to breakfast first, and hopefully they could talk about what might happen next between them.
“He then gave me a very embarrassing lecture on safe sex, explained about putting a sock on the bedroom door handle, told me not to traumatise my brother, and brought me a large box of condoms.”  Dean blushed.   “I appreciated the thought.”  He saw Castiel trying not to laugh.   “Given the shit you’re going through at school, I guess things were not quite so easy for you.”
“Yours is a last resort for self-defence only,” said Dean.  “Leave Alistair to me.”   He eased up on the gas, looking for an area with reasonable tree cover, and limited visibility on the road.  “OK.  We’re about 200 yards from the trail head.  Best cover is on the left.   You ready?”
“He’s joining the after school Latin Group,” said Castiel, his voice sounded a weak and dopey, but it was also the longest sentence that he had spoken since he’d arrived home.
Lisa lowered her face to look at him coyly through her eyelashes and moved closer to Dean resting her hand on Dean’s arm, “That is so hot,” Lisa breathed, as she crowded into Dean’s personal space.
“I always will Angel,” said Dean.  Dean hissed as Castiel unwittingly touched a tender spot on his back.
It was now mid July, and Dean’s third court mandated medical appointment. Sam had accompanied Dean to this one, as Charlie was away for a few days, attending a book signing tour with Gilda. Dean knew she had been conflicted about leaving Dean, but they had both really been looking forward to some time away with together. Dean had insisted she go. He was six weeks away from his due date, and Gilda and Charlie deserved some time together away from Lawrence.
Castiel stuck his tongue out at Gabriel but closed his eyes and sunk back in the pain free, blissfulness of sleep.
It was obvious to John that there was a lot more to Dean’s story than he’d told.   “Anything worrying you specifically, I need to know about?”
“S’ok.” Mumbled Castiel.  He reached down dreamily and took hold of Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers.   “You’re good.”
“That’s perfectly normal.” She checked her notes. “I’d like to admit you, and keep an eye on how things go. We know your pup is small and likely to need assistance. Doctor Moseley has already confirmed arrangements for an incubator, and NICU attendant.” At Dean’s puzzled look, she said, “Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. They look after the very premature babies. They have the best equipment in the right sizes that your pup will very likely need.” Doctor Brown looked over at Sam. “Labour is likely to continue for several hours yet. If you want, you can go home, and we can call you back if the situation changes.”
Of course, Castiel was thrilled to be able to spend more time with Dean.  Dean even joined Castiel on his morning runs, and although Dean argued he wasn’t there as his bodyguard, Benny and Lee knew he absolutely was.  After their run, they would get back and shower together in the Playroom before Dean drove them all to school.  Shower sex was amazing as Gabriel had built the shower specifically for filming purposes, with non-slip surfaces, a waterproof padded cushioned floor, sturdy grab rails and, because filming could run for several hours, a special electric water heater that heated water on demand, so hot water never ran out.  After school, Castiel and Dean would cook together for Sam and Gabriel, whilst Sam did his homework, and after dinner they would all settle down to watch a film.   They’d wait for Sam to go to bed, and then Dean and Castiel would say goodnight before retreating to their little sanctuary of the Playroom.
