Sherlock searched Lestrade’s eyes. He almost flinched from the intense gaze. He could see how the doctor would be... intrigued by the man. He smiled at that thought.
A few hours later, the landscape around them had changed. They pulled off the motorway and into smaller roads and finally country lanes, following the GPS Sherlock had set up. Soon, there was only darkness around them, and the ride became so bumpy that John wasn’t sure they were even on a proper road any more.
John laughed. “Let me guess, you had a string of girls to dance with that were unaccountably boring and that you reduced to tears before the end of the first song.”
A distraction seemed like a good idea so he answered truthfully. “Yes, I suppose I do. I never had one, though. Abby was pretty friendly, so that helps I suppose,” he said.
During the morning, Sherlock and Father showed John the wintery garden and the bees, seeing as John had expressed an interest in it.
“Oh,” Sherlock stumbled a little to the side. “That’s right, you do,” he said. Then he laughed. “It really does work on people though, just think of that nurse, she was all over you,” he gestured vaguely at John’s chest.
and I never told you how I felt—“ John choked on his words. “And then—you were gone. And I regretted it so much. You were—“
issues with Freddy,” John added. Sherlock looked at him, twinkling expectantly. “So if these are exactly what we think they are,” he said slowly. “Then the whole point is basically—“
The house smelled warm and inviting, though with that undercurrent of cleanliness that only inhabited very new houses. John suspected that some of the touches of age and country wear on the outside were rather artistically placed to create the right image for the area. There were small illustrations of country life adorning the hallway walls, framed in whimsical small picture frames. There were pressed flowers and even the odd cross stitch of a Bible quote. John frowned. Either this was the wrong house or he had completely misrepresented the elusive Vivian Norbury in his imagination.
Sherlock frowned and vaguely gestured at the sizeable bruise on John’s head. “Uh, sorry about the…” He broke off.
Sherlock smiled at her. There was something so motherly about her unshakeable belief in him – and John – that actually reassured him. Perhaps she was right about Mary, perhaps it would pass. Perhaps the fact that she was an
Sherlock gave him a lazy chuckle. “True.” They reached the side of the room and Sherlock picked one of the tables to stand by. A man in a waiter’s uniform appeared at their elbows immediately. “Champagne?”
“I never thought about your parents before. You never mentioned them. Oh God, are they… still alive?” John asked, tempering his laughter.
The steps passed the door. The light of a torch shone briefly through the door; then the steps receded and continued on through the corridor. Sherlock waited until the sound had completely faded before he moved. He slowly let out a breath and relaxed. He felt John’s grip ease, but he didn’t let go. Sherlock looked down at their joined hands, only faintly visible.
He rubbed his hand over his face and sat up. It was still dark outside, the room glaringly lit by the ceiling lamp. Sherlock realized these weren’t exactly perfect sleeping conditions for his friend and he folded himself out of his chair. His back ached, bloody plastic hospital chairs. He crossed to the wall and flipped the light switch. Immediately, the room was bathed in an orange glow from street lamps and hospital equipment around John’s bed.
. I didn’t think of that one possibility. Because… how could you not tell me, of all people? Because if you didn’t tell me, then I was wrong about the most important thing. About how you… about what I—what
“About what?” John’s eyes still crinkled with amusement. The corners of his lips were pulled up and created small dimples on his cheeks. Sherlock tried to look away and failed.
John left the bed, steadied himself and let out a forceful breath. He picked up his shoes and padded to the door. When he opened it, he froze. Voices drifted over from the sitting room. John opened the door a little wider and listened a moment. The voice was unfamiliar and had a pleading quality to it. In between, John could discern Sherlock’s deep baritone mumble monosyllabic replies. A client, then.
They stood on the kerb for a moment, regarding each other. John drew his jacket closer around him and stuck his hands in his pockets to stay warm.
John had to clear his throat before he managed to say a word, and realised he hadn’t spoken to anyone in two days. He assured her that no harm was done and then caught himself doing something he hadn’t done in five months. He cracked a joke. He later couldn’t recall what it was exactly he’d said, but he remembered that the checkout lady had been rather pretty and that she had laughed at his joke as she wrestled with the till. He shared another chuckle with her before he paid, finished packing his groceries, and left.
“How the devil did you know where the goddamn study would be?” John hurried inside, glancing around the small orderly room. Large French windows along the far wall looked out over the garden.
John sputtered in his tea. Then he laughed a bit awkwardly and glanced at Sherlock. “Now who’s asking the inappropriate questions?”
“What—?“ John let out a startled laugh and looked outside again. And yes, the old woman in the other house seemed to peer up from her knitting only to glance right at them.
“She, uh—went outside for a moment. I think.” Sherlock scrunched up his nose a little as if he couldn’t possibly fathom Mary’s motives behind this. John was pretty sure that was because Sherlock had never heard of ‘tact’.
John let out a soft chuckle and grinned into Sherlock’s shirt before he let the warmth and the feel of the steady breath lull him to sleep.
John looked touched, but also incredibly uncomfortable. He cleared his throat. “Yes, I—Yes. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be a cynic. But—I think I’m gonna turn in now. Dead on my feet. Good night everybody.” He quickly got up, sent another apologetic glance at Father and then retreated.
A most unnecessarily high, cheerful voice rang through the room and immediately grated on Sherlock’s nerves. A nurse he vaguely recognized came striding in backwards with a cart in tow. “Good morning,” she nodded brightly at Sherlock, then turned her attention to John. “And how are we today?”
In John’s experience, evenings with friends and a sudden influx of booze have a way of turning in a certain direction; surprisingly, the Holmes family Christmas was no exception. For some reason, Mary told them about one of their colleagues’ outrageous hen night and they ended up discussing drinking games. As it turned out, John should have realised that this would be the tipping point for the evening. Ten minutes later saw them all with new beverages and a post-it note stuck to each forehead.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and his breath caught in his throat. Suddenly, he felt too warm. The room was too small. The space between them too tight with tension. John with his
As if on cue, John felt himself shivering all over. Sherlock looked him over quickly. “You’re freezing. I need to get you out of these clothes.”
He stepped closer until their chests nearly touched and gently placed his hands on John’s shoulders. He felt John suck in a small gasp. Sherlock let one hand wander upwards, caressing his neck and gently brushing his fingertips over the bruise. John winced a little, even as a smile spread on his lips.
They stood for a moment in silence, watching John. Lestrade finally sighed. “Sherlock, it’s obvious from the way he looks at you. God knows why, but he’s mad about you.”
There was a definite question there. So she hadn’t given up all hope that her secret may stay a secret. She was good with words. Good with people. When she had gotten them coffee… Not that he would have left, but perhaps even that small remark about him not being seen outside was a subtle hint in the direction she wanted him to go.
“The best,” he grinned and, feeling positively buoyant, gave Mrs Hudson a peck on the other cheek. She laughed and swatted at him as he quickly followed Sherlock out the door.
Sherlock quirked his eyebrows and gave her an appreciative look. “Mr Blanchard was a civil servant for many years, I take it?”
To his chagrin, both Sherlock and Lestrade looked at him doubtfully, so he raised his hands. “All right, I get it, just the sidekick, carry on…” he rolled his eyes.
They made their way over to a small empty table. In this corner of the pub, some 20 odd members of NSY were assembled around tables and on benches; John scanned the crowd and was relieved to see that Anderson and Sally were both busy chatting and holding pints, ignoring the newcomers for once.
“Good morning, brother mine,” the simpering voice drifted through the doorway as Mycroft showed himself in.
John had found now that bottling up his feelings was a bit not good, so he had tried to let go more,
“Oh, Anderson is going to have a field day with this one. You’re his pet project, can you believe it? ‘I believe in Sherlock Holmes’ and all that.” Greg shook his head, still looking bemused and utterly relieved. “How? No scratch that, I’ve heard enough theories. Why?“ Greg said, waving his arms at Sherlock, who stood there, calmly sipping the terrible hospital coffee, considering how he would seek out Anderson to find out how he could humiliate him a little bit.
John and Mary made it to the second floor before they were forced to make their stand. The only doors around them seemed to be locked offices. Mary grabbed his arm. “There!” she hissed frantically, pointing to a fire escape at the end of the corridor. The steps below them came closer, were already on the first floor, and John knew they weren’t going to make it. “Go,” he urged her. “Run, I’ll hold them off.” He stepped aside, pressing himself against the wall to get the jump on whoever came up the stairs.
“The hostage is safe, Margaret, you lost your bargaining chip,” he called out across the boat. His eyes quickly jumped to Sherlock again, who nodded emphatically. John muttered “we should invest in sign language classes.”
The headline read, ‘Detecting Love?!’ and Sherlock huffed a laugh and rolled his eyes. “Lovely photograph,” he said, making no move to hand the article back. Mycroft let him.
The TV was still on, but John had turned the sound off as the next film began. He was picking at the remainder of their snacks and offered some to Sherlock, who began absently munching on a prawn cracker. He’d had another acceptable day, he mused, but something was off. Something had been bothering him all day and he couldn’t quite figure it...
John pressed his lips together, studying him from the side. Sherlock had to suppress a laugh; it was rather endearing how obviously strained John looked when he tried to work something out.
,” she added with a delighted wink to John. “Absolutely charming to see you both. I never thanked you personally for helping out with my
Mycroft nodded. “We suspected there was a mole for some time, but after that, the trail went cold. We assumed that A.G.R.A simply failed the mission. We never hired freelancers again,” he added wryly.
“Frankly, Mr Holmes,” Norbury continued, “I don’t see the fascination other people have with your whole deduction
“For example, you would not have gone into such a situation without backup or an exit plan, and probably not without consulting me,” Sherlock continued.
“So you actually have to feed the bees their own honey?” John had his hands clasped behind his back and looked a bit like the Captain inspecting his troops.
“John. I’ve been meaning to ask Helen to marry me for months. But… I wanted to wait until we’d moved in together. I believe in trying out sharing a life before committing, you know? It’s ridiculous, though, we’re great together. I just... well, previous experiences, you know. I don’t like surprises.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, feeling John’s hands shift with the movement, and he resigned himself to the situation. “Not long before I came back,” he said. “Serbia.”
And then there was Mary. She’d jumped in front of a bullet for him. He felt strangely agitated when he thought about it. His gut was twisting uncomfortably, and he felt oddly angry at himself.
After a moment, John got up and went to the bathroom, ignoring the faint throbbing from his ankle. He splashed some water in his face and then went to look for his phone. He dug it out of his jacket pocket only to find it long dead, the charger probably still in Sherlock’s bedroom in Hampshire. He tip-toed over to the window, drew the curtain aside a bit and looked out, before his gaze wandered. On a small side-table under a large mirror was a cheerful welcome note from the staff. It came accompanied with two tiny bars of chocolate. Suddenly realising he hadn’t eaten all day, John made quick work of the chocolate and then went in search of the mini-bar. He curled up on the one arm chair in the room and polished off two small packets of crisps and a tiny bottle of orange juice, staring idly out of the window into the night.
“What, Inspector?” Sherlock said dismissively. “You know I put more stock in honesty than in socially acceptable behaviour. Don’t worry about offending me. If I didn’t want to hear what you thought I wouldn’t have asked.”
completely stupid and had picked up on it. As it stood, Sherlock felt he should no longer be surprised that this future had become so appealing to him. But he was still surprised at how easy it was to imagine by now.
Sherlock stumbled into the wall to keep from keeling over again. His legs were pins and needles and he quickly stomped down to get the blood flowing again.
He was cradled against a chest, another pair of arms positioned beneath his body to hold him up. The next few minutes John felt swaying, constant moving, downstairs, out of the building, barely holding on to consciousness. He let himself be enveloped by the smell, the warmth of two people carrying him to safety, knowing that it was bad, but that he’d live, he’d be fine, and then he would stop bloody hallucinating.
“Yeah, probably,” John admitted, and they shared a smile. Finally, he said, “I think I know what you mean now.”
Mary snorted a laugh and walked over to them, glancing up at Mycroft’s tall form next to her. “He felt that keeping me
The reporters were immediately surrounding the taxi, snapping pictures, shouting questions. John closed his eyes a moment and sighed. His heart was beating faster and faster. A panic he hadn’t known he’d been waiting for was slowly building in him. He took a deep breath to steady himself, but it didn’t work. Sherlock’s hand paused on the door handle. He was watching him closely again. “You’re not okay with this,” he noted.
“Yes,” Mycroft said. “I was going to come over or call you tomorrow, but I might as well get it over with. My office was broken into last night.”
Sherlock’s eyes were riveted to John’s face. He didn't pay too much attention to the conversations between Mary and Mycroft beside him, but they seemed to be coming to certain agreements. The injured man was transferred to an ambulance, his companion was held by the police. Sherlock remained by John's side, uninterested in anything else. He reluctantly shrugged out of his long coat when it became clear that John wasn't letting go of it any time soon, even whilst mostly unconscious. He also insisted on riding with him in the ambulance, leaving Mycroft's team to clean up behind them and to handle whatever he was planning to do about Mary. Her eyes followed him as he jumped into the ambulance, still frowning in shock. She stood there in her glaringly red coat, looking like she wanted to say something. But the ambulance left before she did.
Moran dove forward to seize a squirming John. Unfortunately, John had used all his leverage in that kick and now he was rather helpless. Moran grabbed him almost effortlessly by the throat, heaved him up and tossed him aside like a rag doll. He hit a shelf and went down in a shower of books and knickknacks.
Sherlock was by his side in a moment. John spread out the file on the table and began flipping through it, the light from the torch helping them read. Sherlock leaned in over John’s shoulder, their bodies nearly touching. John immediately lost where he was on the page and sighed inwardly.
He gasped in a breath as soft curls caressed his cheek, Sherlock’s head dipped down. A nose was softly placed on his clavicle in a tentative nuzzle. Another shiver went through John’s body.
And then he saw, perhaps for the first time, the matching pain in the bright eyes before him, and that, more than anything, steadied him.
“That explains the empty street,” John mused. He took in the almost manicured garden, the bright front windows and expensive car in the driveway.
A blurry haze of light began creeping up on John’s brain. Additionally, the dull, painful sound of a voice wormed its way through his ears straight to his pain receptors.
It was surprisingly easy, really. John later reflected on his blog that the thieves really hadn’t expected anyone to come looking for them, because they couldn’t have known how the case had progressed merely by involving Sherlock Holmes. Whatever the reason, John and Sherlock snuck between the containers as silently as possible and made their way to the jetty undetected.
John sighed. “Even if you’re right,” he finally said. “Even if it’s all just temporary. You should take it. Don’t waste any more time. You’ll want to spend every minute you can with him. Move in with him, marry him, or— whatever,” he floundered. “But don’t leave him like that. Please,” he said, feeling a heaviness tug at his heart. “You are so lucky to have this.”
“Oh no,” Mycroft waved away the idea in a gesture reminiscent of his brother. “I was expecting it one of these days, really. Nothing like an exploding building to bring two people together, am I right?”
A few villages down, Sherlock and John were left almost alone on the only platform to catch the last train to Winchester before midnight. Nothing would be running on Christmas Day, so Sherlock had planned ahead. The journey on the train was short and silent; John stared out of the window most of the time, into the darkness. When they arrived, Sherlock led them to an almost deserted parking lot behind the train station. Everything was decked out in holly, red and green tinsel dangling from every available surface. He tried to ignore it.
John rubbed a hand down his face. He got up from his chair and walked over to the window. Lestrade had gotten up, looking unsure whether he was being dismissed or not. John let his gaze wander, not sure what to say anymore.
About five minutes later, there was a knock. Anthea poked her head through the door, giving him an apologetic smile. “Sir, I think you might want to see this.”
John rolled the cup between his palms, glad for the heat. “It looks like it.” He felt a pang of sympathy and guilt. “What about you…?”
Sherlock finally turned, half-facing John with an intense look. “They were incredibly easy to manipulate, John. I would eventually have gotten enough inside knowledge from each of my captors to put the entire organisation behind bars for the rest of their lives.” He huffed. “Including their leader.” His eyes searched John’s for a moment. “Moran.”
John’s eyes widened in recognition. “Oh…!” he mouthed and he turned his head to Sherlock with a surprised smile, then back to where the woman had disappeared in the crowd. “That was
“You’re not? Reliable, I mean? I always thought you were one of the most reliable people I knew,” Sherlock mused. John seemed a little taken aback at this confession. “Scratch that,” Sherlock amended. “You’re the only reliable person I know.” He grabbed another prawn cracker.
Sherlock spent the night by John's bed, watching him sleep and occasionally fade in and out of consciousness. Whenever his friend stirred restlessly, he briefly placed his hand over John's until he calmed down again. He studied him, the lines of exhaustion and general strain evident on his ashen face; Sherlock was reminded of the grainy black-and-white pictures from the surveillance cameras. John looked like he'd been through hell.
John was glad to stretch his legs again, and he breathed the clean air with weighty relief. He waited until Sherlock joined him and finally looked him in the eyes for the first time in what seemed like hours. “You can still back out.” There was something vaguely worried in his eyes.
“That’s good,” Lestrade said with feeling. “Say, I know it’s still early, but fancy going for a pint?”
Just as he took a breath of relief, covering Sherlock’s bloodstained hand with his own, they heard another shot. It pinged off the metal of the car, and both he and Sherlock quickly ducked down. John crouched next to the back bench and kept his hold on Mary’s hand.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock you can’t just –mmph!” John’s outburst was quickly silenced by a hand against his mouth. Sherlock dragged John a step back into the hallway. John wasn’t sure how exactly, but he found himself pressed against a wall by Sherlock, who was smirking at him with a twinkle in his eyes.
“You’re not so bad yourself,” John managed and licked his lips before he could stop himself. God, could he be any more obvious? “Thank you again, the suit is… really something.”
But then John looked up from the kiss and through his tears he saw only blood. Sherlock’s lifeless body was lying on the pavement in front of St. Bart’s, his skin paler than ever, his eyes glassy. Tears were dripping down John’s cheeks and he began shaking Sherlock and yelling his name—
Before he could say any more, Sherlock had opened the cab door and stepped outside in one fluid movement. He held out his hands immediately, shouting over the voices. “Ladies, gentlemen, please! A moment,” he commanded, and they actually quieted down. John shifted over on the seat, getting ready to leave the car, but he also wanted to know what Sherlock was doing first.
John sighed. He was in no mood to go back to the strange tip-toeing they’d all been doing around him after Sherlock’s ‘death’. At least with Molly, he now understood why she had been so reserved and awkward around him.
Mary, to his surprise, chuckled and shook her head. “Look. I like you. I like hanging out with you, you’re fun. I want us to become closer friends.” As if to demonstrate, she placed her hand on top of his where it rested on the bench. “You know – talk. Have an interest in each other’s lives and all that.”
He shifted a little to regain the feeling in his legs and involuntarily leaned more into Sherlock kneeling next to him. He looked up and into Sherlock’s face, half cast in shadows. His heart beat a little faster when he saw the look in his eyes. Sherlock blinked once, his eyes lit only by the glow of the low lights outside on the jetty. A small smile tugged at his lips and he regarded John with a pensive look.
She nodded, keeping her eyes locked with his, confirming, knowing he was somewhat on the same page as her.
They heard a sound from the bed and both immediately turned around. John was stirring, his eyes fluttering. Suddenly realising that he wasn’t prepared for this, Sherlock took a breath and looked at Mary. “Perhaps you had better—“ he said, indicating John. It would be good if he saw a familiar face first, one that didn’t shock him. Did he remember last night? She narrowed her eyes a little, searching his face, but then smiled and nodded.
Mary was standing in the kitchen door, cradling a mug and suppressing a smirk. When she saw him awake, she placed a finger lightly on her lips and retreated into the kitchen.
“They will soon find something else to make a fuss about,” he said and gave John a tentative smile. Yes, John thought. Let the papers go crazy over news of their relationship if they liked – it wasn’t like they hadn’t predicted it already.
“No time, John, I’ll explain in the cab,” he said, and went to his room to get dressed, but John followed him.
Sherlock thought about when he was a teenager. He’d been on his own most of the time. An angry and proud boy that had once or twice gotten a beating from some unpleasant people for pointing out their idiocies. In stark contrast to now, there had been no John to follow him around. Being a teenager had, all in all, been tedious and dull and he’d deleted most of it by now. He raised his eyebrows, hoping John could see his exasperated expression even in the dim. “No, I really don’t, I’m afraid,” he said honestly.
Only when they’d gone a few steps from the table did Sherlock question the soundness of his plan. He’d simply said the first thing that had sprung to mind, and now he and John were definitely heading towards the dance floor. John was still holding his hand. Before Sherlock could let it go and awkwardly shuffle aside, John glanced over his shoulder and chuckled. “I’m afraid you’ve confused the poor man, Sherlock, he’s still staring at us.”
“And we will protect you, Helen. We will do whatever is in our power,” he said, sounding sure. He knew that Mycroft must be on Moriarty’s tail by now, and he had guessed that that’s why Sherlock had given it a rest so far. They hadn’t spoken about it, but he trusted him implicitly and that was enough.
In the afternoon, Mummy completely banned anyone from entering the kitchen as she began preparing the Christmas dinner. At some point, John asked, somewhat fearfully, how many other family members they were expecting. Father only laughed and said that his wife always cooked for twenty at Christmas, even if it was just the two of them.
late, he was relieved to find. He also saw that he had two missed calls and then a text message – from Mycroft, of all people.
“No, I mean it,” she said, and actually shuffled a little closer on the bench. “This isn’t something I’m just deciding on my own.”
“I beg your pardon?” Suddenly, the room got rather still. Mary held her hand with the last bit of croissant suspended in the air. Mycroft rested his face in his palm for a second. Sherlock’s eyes flickered to John, one questioning eyebrow raised.
Sherlock smiled and rolled up the sleeves of his shirt. When his father left, he picked up the old axe. He felt much better now, actually, and murdering his brother would – once again – have to wait. He went back outside and grabbed a large wood piece from a pile next to the shed to line up on the chopping block. The wintery air was prickling on his skin. He raised the axe over his head and let it crash down to split the log with a satisfying crack.
Not more than a few seconds could have passed since they dove into the water, but the adrenaline pumping through him made every moment pass incredibly slowly. Sherlock’s stare became more intense as his eyes flashed. He had an idea. Raising his hand between them, he tapped two fingers to his lips, then pointed at John’s.
“Bit... not good,” John mumbled. His throat was raw and dry and a weak cough rattled through him. He was losing blood fast. At this rate...
John huffed a laugh. “I guess you’re right.” He thought for a moment. “It’s my own fault, really,” he sighed and sat down on the bed. “I always described how brilliant you are and never mentioned the actual medical aspects of the cases. It just kind of seemed…
With that, she bustled back, waving at them to follow, and John exchanged a happy little smile with Sherlock, who seemed glad to be home after all. In the hall, they dropped their bags and Sherlock indicated a coat rack. John took off his jacket and gave Sherlock a look, suddenly frowning in thought. “Sherlock…” he asked quietly. “The night Mary and I were attacked… that was the day you’d come back to London, wasn’t it?”
She turned to John, sounding out of breath from the whole encounter already. “Oh, John, you too. I haven’t seen you since you broke your arm,” she glanced nervously up at Sherlock, then quickly down at John’s arm. “You’re okay now, though, so that’s good,” she rambled. John sighed and hugged her awkwardly.
The second she was out of the door, John sat up abruptly from his nicely fluffed pillows and turned to Sherlock. “What was that?” he asked, sounding amused.
Sherlock to do and he quickly averted his face. Sherlock gave him an amused smile and stole another chip.
In the hospital, Sherlock had indulged in being close to him when he joined his bed. He had felt the need to make sure John was alright, that he wasn’t going anywhere. Again, John hadn’t
Sherlock’s mouth tightened into a thin line. “She’s gone,” he said. “She must have known it was only a matter of time. But they’re confident there’s not many places she can go.”
Despite his protests, Sherlock soon seemed quite at ease. They didn’t go mingle with the others and nobody came to talk to them; most of the police force thought Sherlock – and by extension, the guy living with him – was a weirdo. John was perfectly happy with this arrangement, and Sherlock was currently refraining from insulting people, so all was good for now.
John laughed. “Couldn’t have said it better myself.” He leaned against the railing and sighed. Perhaps it would have been better to just ring in the New Year, alone, in Sherlock’s bed instead. At the same time he hadn’t enjoyed himself quite so much in months. He found himself momentarily distracted by Sherlock’s proximity and smiled at him perhaps a little idiotically.
what he wanted to do next. But… even though his body was telling him to throw caution to the wind right here and now, he knew that it wasn’t a good idea to try anything where they were. Thoughts and possibilities presented themselves, however, and he unwillingly pressed his lips together. He saw John’s eyes drop down to glance at them, and he was suddenly sure that he wouldn’t stop him if he came any closer. The thought made his chest clench with longing and he blinked to clear his mind.
,” he added with an exasperated glance at Sherlock, who’d been about to interject, “—have to do with Mr Blanchard? Or are they just catching up on their to-do list while they’re in town?” It still made more sense to him that someone wanted to murder him rather than Mary. However, there was something she wasn’t telling them. And the image of the red dot on her forehead kept cropping up despite his best wishes to bury it.
“We need an ambulance!” Sherlock shouted, and found that his voice was shaking. Come to think of it, his entire body was shaking. Something wet was running down his cheeks. Part of his brain noted that the adrenaline was finally wearing off and that he was clearly in shock. But that was secondary right now. First, he had to get John into an ambulance.
-	Popular British baby names with “M.L.” in 1949 (Mummy's full name in this fic is now Margaret Lynda Holmes. Hope you like.)
“I do.” Another sigh. “But... you’re doing all of these things all of a sudden,” John began and broke off.
They went in together to conduct the impromptu interview, Lestrade tactfully remaining in the background. To John’s intense surprise – this day seemed full of surprises – Sherlock actually behaved like a human being.
“Apologize? Apologize for what?” Sherlock cursed inwardly. John was too perceptive. He must have rubbed off on him.
Sherlock tilted his head. “I think she was the one who ordered the extraction mission in Tbilisi. That doesn’t mean she sabotaged it as well.”
Yes. There was a chance they could make it. John trusted him with this, and he trusted John. There was certainty. Well, then, there was really nothing else to it, was there?
Finally, he was lying on the couch, his head on the cushions and his feet dangling over the armrest, staring at the TV (some old, tiresome film), and tried to ignore his thoughts and John and Mary and that odd feeling in his chest. He tried to ignore the fact that he was counting the seconds before he could hear no more talking from the second bedroom.
John chuckled. “Well, we seem to be doing okay,” he offered, quickly glancing away again. And he was right. Sure, they weren’t exactly doing anything complicated, but there was an unexpected ease to it. They floated across the floor without problems, especially considering the lumbering mess some of the other couples made of the waltz. Sherlock felt a stab of pride again.
,” he whispered roughly, and he felt both their bodies tense as Sherlock’s eyes widened and his gaze dropped to John’s lips again.
, and saw the nurse blush ever so slightly. She muttered something about the rules, and began getting her cart in order. Lestrade apologized again, picked up his bag and shuffled back into the hospital room, pushing Sherlock ahead of him.
. I can’t take responsibility for things that happen, if you...” He broke off again. He couldn’t say it.
However, knowing Mary’s background, Sherlock wasn't surprised that the situation didn't faze her as it would have other people. She was worried about John, just as Sherlock was, but she wasn't
John was, for lack of a better expression, walking on a cloud. Being home with Sherlock without a job or a case would, not too long ago, have been his definition of a nightmare. Now, either Sherlock was still making an effort to be nice because of his injury, or he was on some drug John wasn’t aware of. It wasn’t the occasional cup of tea or the comfortable afternoons reading; it was the talking that surprised John. He’d never talked so much to his friend, at least not about non-case-related things.
Sherlock fiddled with the door, gave it a little tug and held out his arm in silent invitation. They moved inside, taking a barren corridor past the staircases, heading towards the morgue.
John finally let out a breath. He looked after his friend. He’d been expecting this on day one, really. But then Sherlock had gone and done his strange housekeeping routine and thrown John off for a few days. But this was what it was all about. Caring for Sherlock meant having become a target for Moriarty. Sherlock caring for him meant feeling guilty for going to the pool that night. Feeling responsible for John meant chastising his own behaviour. And that was definitely something he never usually did.
Finally, he raised his arms and crossed them under his head, stretching a little. “You know, this would be a lot more pleasant without the massive hangover,” he mumbled.
, what am I saying, it’s Christmas! Stay up as long as you can. Have fun,” he winked and gave a little wave with the book, before he followed his wife, swaying a bit on his feet.
Mary looked at him again. “I like John. I want him to be happy. Both of them,” she said. “Took them long enough.”
“We’re not slaves to our bodies, John.” Sherlock’s voice was almost a whisper. He sounded mortified to even say it.
For a second, he saw a murderous gleam in her eye. He’d gotten under her skin all right, but it wasn’t enough. She wasn’t one to make a mistake this far down the line. She swallowed and straightened her shoulders. His heart sank.
It broke the spell and John pulled back hastily out of the bubble they had created around them, his face feeling warm.
Over the din of voices and music, Lestrade called out “…you’re having me on!” Sherlock grinned genuinely and his eyes kept straying to John, who was slowly recovering, still holding his stomach and chuckling. He looked happy and unguarded and Mycroft allowed himself a little smile to celebrate it.
John pressed his finger into the flat space between his eyebrows. “This!” He laughed and took the scoring sheet. “That’s… 89 points, bloody hell. Totally worth two years of memorising Latin names in medical school, of course,” he added with a flourish and took another sip of Scotch.
It was obvious that he had made space for him there, and when John didn’t move, he looked up and raised an eyebrow in question. John finally rallied and sat down. It was only a bloody coat (that Sherlock
“She certainly could have the knowledge to do what you describe. She wasn’t just hired to type, you know.” She shifted uncomfortably in her seat.
Sherlock rarely was honest with anyone about his inner feelings, but if he was honest, he’d have to admit that the week following the little midnight chat was the best week he’d had in a while. There was a minor case to work on that didn’t involve deadly weapons and explosives. The mood was pleasant and relaxed at Baker Street; it seemed that things were beginning to get back to normal.
, John said, and his eyes were full of that strange fondness; and how could he still be looking at Sherlock like that when they were dying?
John felt himself relax. Something in her voice was almost tentative… and he believed her. He looked at her and realised that she was still the same person – and that he hadn’t known her all that well to begin with. “And how many people know that name?”
Lestrade sighed. He knew Sherlock liked to describe himself as a sociopath, and honestly, he didn’t buy it. Yet he knew that this kind of behaviour was definitely new for the man. Now how to explain this in the most delicate terms?
John moaned as he tried to sit up. It was over. Norbury was by his side in an instant, pointing her gun at his temple. She’d taken a nasty bruise away from her fall and looked decidedly less composed than before.
They backed themselves into the deepest corner of the pool, where two tiled walls provided a small amount of protection from the mayhem around them. John heard the muffled sound of a second explosion, wondering what kind of flammable equipment they had in this place. Sherlock had probably catalogued it all in his head already.
“I know, it’s much worse than that,” Sherlock said, raising his other hand to his face to rub his eyes in frustration, sounding so truly mortified that John had to smile. Sherlock looked over at him again and said, “much, much worse,” and John grinned, thinking that to anyone else these words would have sounded ominous, but to him it was understanding and relief and
Well. Ruminating on what he should do about this newfound attraction would surely lead to depressing thoughts, so he decided to just accept the facts for now and worry about what would happen later. Instead, he forced himself to just enjoy the warmth in his chest when he thought of Sherlock. For now, that was magnificent enough to sustain him. For now, the guilt and worry that must come eventually could go sod off.
John grabbed it and then he tore off his jacket. He placed it in front of Mary on the ground. “Okay, Mary, hey…” he gently rested his palm on her clammy cheek. “This is going to hurt. Stay with us, all right?”
Worst of all, John was not getting angrier. He looked at him steadily with his cobalt blue eyes, seeing right through him. Sherlock gave another angry snarl, and then dashed into his room. He slammed the door and threw himself on the bed, face forward, and groaned.
“Yeah,” John nodded, feeling that tear escape his eye and he gripped her hand tightly. “Now quiet. Help will be here soon. And you’ll make it home just so you can cash in an unlimited amount of favours for saving our arses, all right? Just keep still and—and—we’ll get you out as soon as Mycroft gets here.” He saw her eyes droop closed. “Oh no. Please stay with me, Mary. And then you can make fun of me for it forever, okay? Yes?” He managed to get a pained smile from her, but her eyes remained closed.
Mycroft gave him an almost fond smile. “Just… think about it.” He huffed a laugh. “Seeing as it’s Christmas?”
For some reason, Sherlock was eager to go home. He kept shooting worried looks at John and John, in turn, cursed his easy-to-read face. Apparently, it was bloody obvious how upset he was, and he couldn’t even pinpoint what was wrong, exactly. His head was suddenly a mess and he felt exhausted.
Sherlock turned his head to look at him, his face mildly curious and one eyebrow raised. “They were. A bit.”
He shifted in Sherlock’s arms and leaned back to look at him. He gave Sherlock a small smile and Sherlock returned it. “Let’s go home then.”
And then his befuddled brain continued: something soft, ah, yes, hair, pressed against his neck. The weight of an arm on top of him, a warm hand resting on his chest. Legs pressed up next to his. Long legs. Thin fingers. Curly hair. And a familiar, pleasant smell.
“You really shouldn’t...” He broke off, glaring at his friend. He felt at a loss how to explain to John how incredibly stupid he was for not understanding.
It was already their fifth date. John and Mary had been to the cinema, several restaurants and some bars over the course of the past few weeks. Once, they’d even gone out twice in one week, which John thought meant good things. After the fourth date, he’d finally kissed her, and it had been nice. In fact, it was all very nice, distracting and pleasant. Mary was lovely, had a great sense of humour and was uncomplicated to go out with.
Mycroft didn’t pay attention to what Sherlock was saying. He was sure it didn’t matter in the slightest what story he was going with. Mycroft swivelled around in his chair, picked up a substantial stack of papers – the plans for slowly releasing information to the press useless now – and dumped them unceremoniously in his bin. He swivelled back to find that Anthea was giving him a pained smile. “I’ll shred those for you, shall I?” she said and grabbed the bin. As she left, Mycroft refocussed his attention; but it was less on Sherlock and more on Dr Watson.
“See, I told you you could dance,” Sherlock managed, trying not to sound like he was floating two feet in the air at least.
John felt flattered in the extreme. His friend liked to show off, but he hardly took the time to really explain one of his solved cases to anyone, except to John. Let alone that he enjoyed it this much. He’d stayed in hospital with John, even though he hated hospitals and was probably bored out of his mind. On top of that, he knew Sherlock never really slept much, so the fact that he felt willing to rest
him not to do something ever works; and we clearly haven’t got time for our usual ways,” he said dejectedly.
The words were still ringing in Sherlock’s ears. “You, ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool... People might talk.”
“All right, I can see I am outnumbered,” he finally conceded. “However, you said nothing about hastening any positive developments I may have observed.”
Sherlock grabbed and squeezed one of his trembling hands. “Yes.” His heart lurched at the look John gave him and he wondered whether he currently looked equally transparent.
Mrs Blanchard sat up straighter. “You see, Mr Holmes, the crux of the matter is this: My husband evidently knew something and he was aware that what he knew was of some importance. However, he did not know exactly
They walked through the trees as quickly as possible, John steeling himself against the pain from his ankle and Mary trying to hold back whimpers. Sherlock didn’t spare a glance for Moran’s body.
A few hours later, John had interrogated himself at length but come nowhere near a solution to how to approach Sherlock on this subject. ‘Um, hey, turns out I’m not as straight as I thought’ just didn’t seem to cut it. Also, that kind of conversation somwhat required them to first work out what the hell had happened last night. John looked at the clock. He still hadn’t heard from him. Finally, he pulled out his phone for what seemed like the millionth time today and gave in.
“Very perceptive, Detective Inspector,” he drawled. He paused, and then went on. “Yes, something has me puzzled, and I would....” he had to pause again and looked at Lestrade as if making up his mind. “I would value your opinion on it.”
Suddenly, the sitting room stilled. John looked up and found the whole Holmes family staring at him. Sherlock felt something in his heart twist a little as he saw John blink as his face sobered. He squared his jaw and straightened, a move Sherlock had seen plenty of times when John was upset or worried.
On the bedside table he saw the aspirin and the glass of water Mrs Hudson had left. He gulped both down quickly to at least relieve one of his worries. He looked over Sherlock’s bed, wondering when he’d gotten up.
Sherlock moved closer to the bed. He wished, once again, that his friend were awake so he could question him about this. Not with words as such, but he wished to look into the puzzling eyes until he found out what he needed to know goddammit.
That night, he lay on the bed a long while, sorting through things in his mind palace, as sleep eluded him as usual.
And Mary’s smile suddenly softened into something sad and concerned and she finally said, “John, we need to talk.”
“Some things have to happen like that,” John said seriously. Lestrade nodded and raised his hands. “Okay, okay, tha’s right. I was a bit mean earlier. Sometimes you gotta make these mistakes – otherwise you never learn from them.” John and he shared a look that spoke of past experiences, with Sherlock narrowing his eyes at them suspiciously.
Sherlock struggled, the water frothing all around him, churning and blinding. He kept a death grip on John’s body; it was dragging him down,
A few hours later, John was sitting on the bottom steps of the stairs, looking down the corridor and out the back door that led to a small slip of garden. Grey, dull light filtered in through the rain-covered door. He’d been standing by one of the second floor windows, looking out at the neighbourhood; unfortunately, one of Mycroft’s watchers had spotted him and ushered him back to a safer spot.
“Thank you. That’s very good news,” John breathed out slowly. Sherlock put a steadying hand on his shoulder in response. John sniffed and placed his own hand on top of Sherlock’s. “Good,” he said again, and the doctor looked away a little awkwardly.
Sherlock quickly glanced over, then trained his eyes back on Mary. “Oh, John,” he sighed. “You’re always too trusting, too loyal. Don’t you see what she’s doing? She’s covering her tracks.”
Sherlock listened for a minute as Lestrade made further polite enquiries about John and some general useless small talk. Mary now sounded much more ordinary than she had so far, her polite smiles and nervous worry for John evident in her voice.
He heard a sigh. He quickly got to his feet and Abby jumped up next to him as he heard the lock turn in the door. Helen opened, glancing warily through the gap, looking John up and down. Her blonde hair was messy and her face a mess from crying, but she still looked better than how she’d looked last night on the boat. She met John’s eyes. “You know what you’re talking about, don’t you?” she asked, and from her shy smile John immediately understood what she was referring to. A smile quirked his lips. He felt incredibly relieved now. “That was some punch,” Helen added.
—Mary. Where—where is he.” His eyes darted around, but Sherlock had, without thinking about it, stepped back behind the corner that led to the bathroom. His heart hammered in his chest. Why was this so hard?
he was doing it, but why? Something was definitely off since he’d come back, and John couldn’t grasp what it was.
“I didn’t have to dig much,” John allowed with a shrug. “Many people actually came forward on their own to help, to send in testimonies… Henry Knight kept in touch,” he added as an example. Some surprisingly nice things had come to light after Sherlock’s death. It had been rewarding to see how many lives he had touched and that even though he had been such a rude bastard to most of them, they forgave him all and considered him worth the effort of clearing his name. Rather touching, that. He only wished Sherlock had known.
Mycroft found himself uncharacteristically cheered by this development. He didn’t care that all his prep work had been for nothing. If John Watson was actually in love with Sherlock Holmes, then things in the world couldn’t be as bad as he always thought them to be. He turned back to his work. An hour later, when Anthea brought him another cup of tea and a progress report, he was still smiling faintly to himself.
Mrs Blanchard merely raised her eyebrows. “Dear me, you really are all they say you are, aren’t you? Biology, King’s College,” she added, and nodded for him to continue.
“That’s it, though,” Sherlock said, and John felt him glancing over repeatedly, perhaps checking his reaction, silently fidgeting.
Every night, John tried to figure out whether or not he was hopelessly smitten with his gorgeous flatmate and what that meant for him. Every night he came to a similar conclusion: Yes, he was smitten; yes, this was Sherlock Holmes he was thinking of, which meant he was completely bloody insane; no, he had absolutely no idea how to approach the issue. But thankfully, one night an opportunity presented itself.
Sherlock made a noise in the back of his throat. He desperately pressed himself against John as much as he could, deepening the kiss. It was passionate, but also something a little closer to the heart, something that made John’s eyes prickle. It hurt, but in a way he wouldn’t have traded that hurt for anything in the world in that moment.
Sherlock began pouring the tea. When he was finished, he brought the tea in, put their cups on the sofa table and settled with his own in his armchair, watching John perform delicate stiches on Mary’s wound. Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on John. His brain was still stuck on an endless loop of
Sherlock searched his face, his eyes twinkling. “Oh, there’s no need to tell you. You figured it all out with your
John smiled. He leaned his head sideways to rest against Sherlock’s temple. “And… if we get out of this, it’s… all good. I was wrong to push you. It was only… I was still dealing with having you back, I think. It’s not the easiest thing. I’m a bit all over the place.”
“Hm,” Sherlock hummed, inching closer, crowding John to the wall, so close that he could smell John’s skin, a mixture of aftershave and wintery air and the crisp fabric of the suit. He reached out and tentatively brushed John’s hand with his again.
John grinned. He drifted a bit closer still, so that he had to tilt his head to keep eye contact. A rush of excitement spread in Sherlock’s chest. “I think the part where you rescued me from that general was pretty memorable,” John mused. His breathing rate belied his playful tone. “You’re not usually so obliging.”
They sat in the cab, and John was texting back and forth with Lestrade, informing him about Helen. “There’s no proof it’s Moriarty,” he merely commented at some point. Sherlock scoffed and John said nothing. They were quiet for the rest of the ride, both unsure what would await them. Sherlock hoped that the police wouldn’t show up at Frederick’s before them, because they usually messed things up. He was suddenly very glad he had John with him.
John chuckled, feeling his chest swell with fondness and his body relax a little. “So that’s the reason you’re taking my trousers off, is it?”
John’s hand on his tightened a little as he spun him around the corner of the dance floor, and Sherlock felt himself draw a little closer to avoid bumping into another couple. “No. But
Ten minutes later, they were in a cab, headed towards an address that seemed familiar to John. He was wrecking his brain trying to figure out why he knew where the crime scene was.
The two hours’ drive to Hampshire had been very quiet. Sherlock spent most of it either in contemplation, looking out of the window or working on his laptop. As far as John could tell, he was still busy with a new array of spreadsheets, rows upon rows of numbers, prices and dates. None of it immediately made sense to John when he caught a glimpse, and Sherlock didn’t explain. So John alternated between gazing at Sherlock with a sorrowful heart and staring at the countryside as the morning wore on.
The other part of his brain saw fit to remind him that it was nice seeing John smile and be happy and seeing as that, for some reason, made Sherlock feel better, perhaps he should include this in his reasoning in the future. It was certainly something to consider. Perhaps it should go on the shelf with all the other things he’d recently parked there for further consideration, such as his newfound fascination with another man’s lips.
“Don’t worry, I’m going,” she said, amusement still evident in her tone. “Stay in touch, you two. Oh and… Merry Christmas.”
Conversations and scenes buzzed through his mind as he sat there, studying Sherlock. The man who, a few hours ago, had been completely comfortable lying in his lap, being a thorough distraction to John. The man who shared his flat, his tea, his thoughts. The ‘unsociable weirdo holding vigil’ at his hospital bed for two nights. The man he’d dragged unconscious from the pool. The man whose breath he’d shared to stay safe for just a few minutes longer.
He remembered that she’d seen them together at the docks. Did she guess, already? “I know,” John said, and he really wanted it to sound smug, just a little, as he’d planned; but instead he just sounded fond and ridiculously in love. He was never very good at dissimulating. He smiled, and found Sally tentatively smiling back, looking still a bit bewildered by this change of heart herself.
John was clenching his jaw at every red light that slowed them down, looking frustrated. Sherlock saw John’s clenched fists. He felt an impulse to move and for a moment he had to battle it out in his mind. But then he remembered his resolution; he reached out with his hand and placed it, open in invitation, on the seat between them. John’s eyes did not meet his, but after a moment he put his hand in Sherlock’s. As their fingers laced together, some of the tension seemed to seep out from John, only to be replaced with more determination as he raised his chin and straightened his back.
“What are you up to, then? Still deducing people’s dates?” Earlier, Lestrade had dared him how fast he could either get a couple to break off their date or how fast he could get two people to immediately make out. Sherlock was still looking for targets, apparently.
But he didn’t. At the sound of John’s voice, Sherlock’s eyes widened a little, and he looked even more anguished than before. A sad, lonely, angry part inside John felt a stab of vindictive pleasure at this.
Sherlock gave him one of those personal smiles again. “Good, you’re awake.” He rested a hand on John’s legs. “I found something.”
John stood up, frowning from one brother to the next. “What the hell are you talking about?” They ignored him.
Sherlock’s lip quirked up. “No. It’s connected. There’s something—“ he broke off, studying John intensely for a moment. “We will find out soon enough, I think,” he said, and got up to get his coat.
He met John’s eyes as he sat, still slightly wobbly in the knees, leaning against the changing room wall. His lips quirked up in a smile. “People do little else.”
Sherlock paused a moment and then looked up. He turned around on his chair a little. “What were you and Molly crying about?”
If at all possible, Sherlock’s eyes darkened even more at his words, and John understood, because the thought of just letting go and letting himself take him and knowing he wouldn’t stop him was making him delirious with want. But the last bit of reason clawed his way back to the surface of his thoughts and it was as painful as seeing Sherlock draw back, dropping his hand, swallowing heavily; the decision was underscored by the sounds of weapon fire and shouting from above them. Sherlock blinked and shook himself a little. With anyone else, John might have been afraid that his rejection might be taken badly, make things awkward; but Sherlock had probably deduced the depth of his feelings quite thoroughly at this point and didn’t seem as ashamed of his own openness as John had feared. He nodded, letting out a breath, his eyes coming back into focus, a grim determination on his face.
He must have retired back inside when Sherlock was upstairs, but he looked a little frozen and uncomfortable after all. The fire had probably gone out. The thought of John just sitting there despite the cold sent another jolt of unpleasantness to Sherlock’s stomach and he felt an urge to step forward and warm John up in a tight embrace. Unfortunately, there wasn’t time.
John’s hand that had been resting on the bar crept slowly forward and found its way onto Sherlock’s arm. They remained still in the moment for what seemed like the slowest seconds Sherlock had ever counted. He felt John’s pulse beating from his temple into his palm, John’s hand caressing lazy circles on his arm, John’s breath ghosting over Sherlock’s clavicle, goose bumps tingling on his skin.
He pulled a scratching breath through his nose. Tried to calm himself. “You were the best thing that ever happened to me. You saved my life, Sherlock. You
“Of course,” John nodded, smiling. He enjoyed the fact that the detective had taken his question so seriously.
. I knew there was a connection,” he mused, his eyes glinting like a cat’s. “So, the coup is happening; your team is sent in to free the ambassador. Someone betrays you and you are ambushed. Ajay is captured – probably by terrorists, probably tortured – the ambassador and her husband are killed and you escaped.”
Mycroft was at the door. “Oh, and if I may say so: good choice, little brother. Good choice. Give Doctor Watson my regards.”
Sherlock searched his face, his eyes narrowed, looking for signs of deception. “I may not be an agent, Mycroft, but I was doing fine out here on my own,” Sherlock said carefully. “I’ve gotten you this far. Why pull me out now?”
John felt a lot better the next day. His dizziness had dissipated completely and apart from a bit of tenderness where his head had collided with the wall and a mild headache, he felt okay. He lay in bed, his mind slowly rummaging through the conversation of the night before. He had said a few things that perhaps ought to have remained unsaid, but he had been tired and on painkillers and pretty damn emotional so it seemed good to say them at the time. Sherlock had certainly shown more openness than ever before and that was weird enough; so John guessed he was entitled to his own confessions. Their friendship at least seemed to be able to handle it, even after six months.
John was a little surprised. “I don’t know. I think I would have started looking through alleyways, asked the homeless network, that sort of thing…”
“Explains what?” John narrowed his eyes. But Sherlock merely smirked and shook his head with silent enjoyment.
, someone could have just read the headline, gone on with their daily life and missed out on all of it; all of what turned his life upside down in a manner of days.
. It’s somewhat amusing how in awe your poor Doctor is with it. Doesn’t exactly reassure me of the average intellect of our nation’s doctors. I find your so-called
Sherlock waited one minute and twenty three seconds, during which Mummy was watching him closely. Then he jumped up. “Yes, me too, actually,” he said and stooped to kiss his mother’s cheek. “Thanks for the game. Good night.” He felt her infuriatingly understanding gaze on his back, but he didn’t care. All that he needed was to get to John, John, John, to inform him what utter imbeciles other people were.
“Dr John Watson,” John said instead and held out his hand, which the man shook, straightening a little. The brief smile of recognition told him that introductions were unnecessary, but he did it all the same. “And Sherlock Holmes.”
“Oh, don’t say that,” John grinned. “You never know with people. For all their talk, it’s something else to be confronted with it.”
“I never say this, because I’m… bad with saying things and, and—you know. But you really do help. And you’re good with suspects and children and old ladies and the bereaved and managed to clear my name and—“ Sherlock realised he was rambling a mile a minute. “And you once shot a man for me, nobody’s ever done
Mary scoffed, and John had an errant thought that she and Sherlock had a disturbing amount of things in common.
Suddenly, there was a shout from across the lobby, and John froze. His eyes darted over and he saw, almost in slow-motion, Sherlock lunging towards them, his greatcoat flaring out behind him. Before John could make a move, he had barrelled into them and shouted “don’t drink that, it’s poisoned!” He quickly snatched the cup from Sally’s hands, splashing himself and her with coffee, and she uttered a startled cry. Sherlock pressed the hot cup into John’s hands so quickly that he didn’t even have time to register that it was burning his hands, and then he was off.
John nodded wisely, even though he’d never been in the situation before. Hell, he’d moved in with Sherlock without knowing anything about him.
Lestrade laughed but didn’t relent. “I’ve never seen you cling to someone so desperately before. And I’ve seen you when you were high, mind you,” he mused.
Lestrade laughed and nodded at John. "You know, it’s even more fun watching you two here than it is at crime scenes."
He tore his gaze away for now and noticed Lestrade watching him with a twinkle in his eyes. He glared at him and straightened his shirt collar, folding himself neatly into a plastic chair.
and there was no question that he felt the same. That realization nearly took John’s breath away and he had to pull away from Sherlock for a moment to gasp for air.
John watched him for a moment longer, until Sherlock gave him a questioning look. “Good night, Sherlock,” he said gently, and rolled over to dream of dinner suits and violin quartets.
John stepped around the car, its small noises as it settled in the cold sounding unbearably loud in the stillness of the field. “Where the hell are we,” John whispered.
She grinned. “Perhaps we will come to some kind of arrangement, who knows.” She hesitated a little again and sipped her tea. “What about the parents – have you met them yet?”
John came back into the room and eyed Sherlock, who looked like a kid on Christmas morning. They hadn’t had a real, grizzly case in a while. He grinned. “Well, I suppose I can always sleep afterwards,” he said indulgently, to which Sherlock bounded off the couch and quickly over to John. In his enthusiasm, he grasped his friend’s arms. John thought for a second he’d go in for a hug, but Sherlock seemed a little startled by his own reaction and let go quickly. He darted into his bedroom to change, and John shook his head, smiling.
John cracked his eyes open slowly. The room was dark, only lit by an orange glow. He saw the light reflected on his friend’s head, nestled cosily against his right shoulder. For a second, he merely looked at him, gathering his senses. The warmth of Sherlock’s body against his felt comforting and reassuring. The hand on his chest, rising slowly with each of John’s breaths, looked delicate in the faint light. John smiled slowly, a fond fluttering warmth rising in his chest. Sherlock was breathing deeply and slowly. John had never seen him so relaxed.
John grinned and took a sip of his beer. Then he glanced up again and shrugged non-committedly. “Although, she did proposition us for a foursome, so if you…”
(he partly classed John in this category) and some of them because they had masochistic tendencies and deliberately stuck with people that were bad for them. All in all, nothing Sherlock would consider worth his while.
Sherlock had always thought that feelings of this nature clouded the mind. He was more than a little drunk – with alcohol and John and laughing and the warmth of the bar; yet when he locked eyes with his friend, everything finally seemed clearer than it had in weeks.
…! This sent thrills of danger down his spine and wrenched his heart in his chest. It made him feel more alive than he had for months, and it felt so bloody good that he wanted to laugh or cry or both. Most of all, he wanted to throw himself at the man in front of him, any previous conflicts about his sexuality forgotten, and lose himself in this feeling.
As he undressed and unpacked the suit, a memory came suddenly to his mind, something that seemed ages ago. Irene Adler, wrapped in nothing but Sherlock’s coat, escaping through a back window in her house.
Sherlock hadn’t had a lover in a long while, and if he remembered correctly, he’d been using at the time, so the memories were fuzzy and mostly unpleasant. After that, he’d classed sex as a useless distraction, discarded it along with the drugs, and focussed solely on The Work. Until now, he had tried to disregard that aspect of his body entirely. He was used to ignoring the need for food and sleep, why should fleeting pleasure be any different?
John twisted his head a little and caught Sherlock’s eye. This was it, he knew. Once they were on the road, it would be harder to find them, harder to escape. If they stayed here, Mycroft knew at least where to look. They had to get away now.
She left him to it and disappeared to the kitchen. Finally, he dragged himself inside as well and helped make breakfast, something that seemed to amuse John to no end. For some reason, he kept mumbling something that sounded like ‘lazy git’ a lot, but refused to meet Sherlock’s eyes. Father got out one of last summer’s honey pots for breakfast. John was delighted.
When they arrived in Greenwich, as John had predicted, Sherlock immediately went ahead with being himself. He jumped out of the car without a word and strode towards the house. Luckily, Lestrade met them on the curb.
“Let’s just say as your brother I felt responsible to keep an eye on the three of you personally this time.”
John turned to look at the TV, evidently now watching the film. His behaviour was really becoming unfathomable, bordering on irrational. Finally, Sherlock saw no choice but to state the obvious. “You’re sleeping on the couch tonight.”
Adrenaline coursed through him, and he stood completely rigid, gun levelled at the man’s head, without even being fully aware of what he’d done. He swallowed heavily and saw two things. One was a blonde woman, bound and gagged, sitting on the floor inside the bathroom, staring at him with wide eyes. The other was Sherlock, slowly getting to his feet, breathing heavily and looking more alive than ever, his pupils blown wide, his eyes burning with a voracious fire.
John spoke slowly now. “Sarah heard from her friend that someone who sounded a lot like me – being watched over by someone who sounded a lot like you – was in hospital, after barely surviving being shot. She was worried about me. I’d called in sick at work but of course I hadn’t actually informed them what happened. She’d tried to call me twice and sent a text and I still hadn’t replied, so she was shocked to find out it had actually been me in the hospital. She must have thought her friend was mistaken.” John took a deep breath. “I think the implication is that if I’d been serious about her, I would have called her at once. Therefore that influenced her decision to stop dating.”
but then he finally stepped aside and led them up to the house. “Well, anyway, deceased was 53 years of age, in early retirement. Left behind a widow, whom you will absolutely
When he awoke the next morning, his neck was stiff and he felt uncomfortable from sleeping in his clothes. He disentangled himself from the blanket and groggily padded over to the window. In the pale morning light, he glanced down at the street, waiting for his brain to wake up. He watched the first commuters fill the streets and listened to the silence of 221B Baker Street. After a few minutes, he realised that something was missing.
“Oh,” John said, and smiled back, surprised. He’d have to pick up the blog again soon. “Thank you, appreciate it,” he cleared his throat. “Merry Christmas.” He hadn’t given any thought to being seen with Sherlock by anyone in the hospital – it seemed so far away from London. So now they had been sitting in an intimate embrace for hours, for everyone to see. He suddenly felt oddly proud and stood a little straighter.
. I know how I feel about you, goddammit, and nothing you can say will make me think otherwise!” His anger was bubbling dangerously close to the surface now.
He leaned forward and nudged Sherlock’s knees with his shoulder. He wished he had his hands, but this would have to do. “Sherlock,” he began, his voice quiet. “This may be premature, but if Mycroft doesn’t show and if Moran gets to Mary… I mean—“ he broke off and tried again. “If this is it, if we’re not getting out of this… promise me we’ll try to get away properly? None of that ‘letting yourself be captured to talk to them’ kind of nonsense, okay? I don’t want you anywhere near that man if I can help it. So the first chance we get, we take it, even if it’s risky, no questions asked. Both of us. Promise me.”
He wasn’t sure how long they sat like this. John seemed to nod off at some point, and Sherlock let him, his thumb rubbing slow circles on John’s shoulder. After brushing him off on Christmas Eve, he hadn’t been sure John would allow his advances until he made some bold declarations or explained himself. And he really wasn’t in the mood for long explanations at the moment. All in all, this was
“God damn it,” John swore. He laughed. “I can see this whole thing. Us. I can see it really clearly,” he said, shaking his head in disbelief. “You know what I mean?”
After what may have been quite some time, Sherlock began to slowly take in his surroundings again. John was gently drawing back, a pained twitch in his cheek.
The voice on the other end was sobbing. After a few messy sentences, he recognized their recent client, Frederick or something. And then the things the sobbing voice said came together and Sherlock paled a little. He looked over to John, but John at some point had gotten up from the couch and had grabbed his own mobile out of his jacket. He was frowning at it.
“Oh, he’s doing it again,” John remarked as Anderson leaned forward with a suggestive look in his eyes.
Afterwards, John felt surprisingly invigorated rather than angry. He recognized once again what a strange and curious intellect Sherlock possessed, and wrestling a topic with him was different from talking to anyone else. There was no holding back for politeness, no regard of societal expectations about what one should or should not say or think; it was just a really bloody interesting debate. He felt elated that his friend – whilst of course maintaining that John was an idiot – considered him interesting enough to talk to like this. And he couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock had been enjoying himself thoroughly as well.
John reached the top, and Sherlock was already up the concrete wall. It led to a rooftop of what was probably a warehouse. There were some large, convenient air con units and a rooftop exit for cover and you could basically overlook the entire jetty area from up here. When John walked to the other side, he saw the entrance to the container area as well as the street. It was the perfect vantage point.
,” he said. “How’s the multitasking going then?” He threw his jumper over the only chair in the room, and began unbuttoning his shirt. He did not fail to notice how Sherlock’s eyes moved down to follow the movement of his hands. John was very tired, but unless he was imagining things, he knew when he was being
“John, you are walking most inefficiently,” Sherlock grumbled. He didn’t make any attempts to escape, however.
He looked at Mary again. “But why did Ajay think you betrayed the team? When did you stop being… well,
“Upstairs. Instead of attacking Moran, you should have made a run for it. Mary opened the doors. I would have distracted him.”
to meet you. You’re their heroes!” She laughed again. “Although I’d finally make it public, if I were you. Show some
. He felt almost sure that the kiss hadn’t just been an ‘experiment’ to Sherlock; the way he’d looked at him in the bar and all of the little moments that followed... but it was all so unclear, he might have imagined things. John knew he was a hopeless romantic, just as he knew that Sherlock would usually never let his guard down so much... Hm. There was a thought. Would it be worth to get his flatmate regularly pissed just to have an excuse make out with him? Hangover versus snogging Sherlock... Yeah, definitely worth it, John thought wryly.
Sherlock dragged and pulled and kicked his feet with abandon, trying to reach the surface. He hadn’t thought where they were standing, he had only seen John and a gun levelled straight at his chest and something had simply shortened out in his brain; and now they were under the sodding water
John’s voice caught. “Good.” He closed his eyes and let his hand wander down Sherlock’s side to wrap around his body, to hug him tightly. “Good,” he whispered again, and pressed his face against Sherlock’s neck, to breathe in deeply. He sounded choked, struggling with something, and he displayed the same possessiveness Sherlock had witnessed in different situations before. But it hadn’t been directed at him quite so obviously before.
John gave him a look. “That you’re alive, you tit,” he chided fondly. “Before we go in there… Molly?”
“John? John!” Mrs. Hudson tried again. She sounded a little worried but mostly exasperated. “Sherlock! Come on, boys,” she insisted.
. Sherlock let out a weak chuckle, his eyes crinkling with acceptance and quiet acquiescence and neither of them had to say anything more for the moment.
“Betting pool?” Sherlock sat in his own chair, steepling his fingers. “About us?” he added after a moment, smirking.
Sherlock glanced up and caught John’s eye. John smiled at him, clearly hoping to relieve him from this tediousness. Well, then.
Sherlock let his head loll down into the grass, dropped his blood-stained hand limply on his chest and went still.
“Not to worry,” he said quickly, jumping to his feet. John flinched a little at the abruptness. “Thanks for your help. I’ll—uh. I’ll find something to eat, so there’s no need to fuss. I’ll be—fine.”
John cleared his throat and held the towel a bit tighter. He saw Sherlock swallow almost unnoticeably. “Good morning,” he said, his voice much steadier than he felt. He tried a little smile to take away the sudden heaviness that seemed to have developed around them.
Sherlock scoffed. “I can see why Mycroft wanted us here; this is hitting a little close to home. However, that doesn’t mean it’s got anything to do with our would-be assassins,” he observed.
There was Mrs Hudson, of course, and her ginger biscuits were excellent; they reminded him of his grandmother, whom he had been quite fond of as a child. He was always surprised how much Sherlock let her treat him like a mother, while he hardly let their actual mother do as much. It was quite amusing watching her fuss over him and Sherlock trying to keep a balance between seeming annoyed and actually enjoying it.
“He believes you, too,” John said. “It’s just that his superiors don’t know you or your reasoning, and without concrete evidence to motivate his actions, he might get into trouble.”
However, the hands moved from roaming his shoulders to steadying him again in a moment. Admittedly, closing his eyes hadn’t helped with his balance. When Sherlock pulled him towards the bed, he had to concede that it was the safer option right now to get vertical.
Sherlock opened his eyes and turned his head at him quizzically. “You’re enjoying this,” he observed.
, John thought with a warm feeling. If he wasn’t such a mess and not so drunk, he’d probably have kissed her some more.
Instead of making Sherlock spell it out, Lestrade leaned forwards on his elbows, looking at his friend intently. “You’re puzzled as to why John did it. Why he’d have sacrificed himself for you,” he said bluntly.
Mrs Hudson poked her head out of her kitchen for a moment. “Got a case, dear?” she said in that cheerful voice parents probably used to inquire after their children’s dates for the night.
This effectively ended their conversation. Sherlock stubbed out the cigarette and they slowly went back inside. He felt strangely bereft – Mycroft was always the one person he could count on to understand his deliberately antisocial behaviour. He’d always assumed that his brother was equally uninterested in the subject of relationships as he was. Mycroft may have had solidly one-upped him in an area where Sherlock still feared to tread. Had it all been an act? Was Mycroft actually…
John leaned back and sighed again. He wasn’t a clever detective, but he knew people. He understood why Sherlock lashed out and wasn’t angry with him. Well, perhaps it was better to give him some time to figure it out. John tidied away the dinner cartons and then went up to bed.
Sherlock read his mind instantly. “Yes, yes, incredible, fantastical, and under strictest confidentiality, because if you breathe a word to anyone I will find ways to make...”
Underneath, John felt that something in him had loosened. The moment Sherlock had touched him at the bar, he knew. It was all true, not just a figment of his imagination, it was right there, between them like a tangible, magnetic field.
Sherlock waved that away. “Oh, don’t worry, I went to Mycroft’s tailor and put it on his bill. It’s his investigation, so it makes sense for him to outfit you as required.” His smirk spoke volumes.
John leaned back and assured the nurse that there was nothing else he needed, his tone perhaps a little more curt than before. Her chest deflated a little and she picked up her things to leave. “The doctor will see you soon to discharge you,” she said with a last lingering look, then left the room with a quick glance and friendly nod at Sherlock.
Soft Jazz was wafting through the living room, accompanied by the crackling embers of the fire. John forced himself to wait a minute longer, listening to everyone moving about upstairs. Then, he finally stood up and walked over to Sherlock.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” he teased. Sherlock’s eyebrows rose even further and he looked pleasantly amused.
John grimaced. “I’ve been out that long, huh? Must have been pretty bad,” he mused, with his doctor’s mind beginning to analyse the gravity of the situation. “Hand me my chart?”
This was such a mess. He was angry; but at the same time a fierce happiness was spreading in his chest. Sherlock gave him a small smile and John closed his eyes again quickly. Sherlock had changed. He suddenly smiled at him
He recalled his thoughts about relationships. In only one day, John had turned them completely upside down. He thought of some of the
Sherlock at first couldn’t understand why he felt panicked at the thought. Was this just another thing in his mind that wasn’t wired the way it was supposed to? But the more he thought about it, the more he slowly unravelled it. John made him feel like he’d finally found his way to some kind of home. He’d begun to understand and with understanding came the wanting. He pictured their life together with this new element thrown in and it seemed really… good. He wanted that. And wanting it meant he was now afraid of losing it.
It was painful in a strangely appealing way, and exhilarating in its inevitability. Sherlock groaned into the pillows. He couldn’t stop musing on the situation, on John, on their lives together. He knew something had to come to a head very soon, and decisions would be made… and no matter what, they’d never be able to go back to the way things were. It was absolutely terrifying, not knowing whether this was a good idea, or if he even had any say in the matters of his heart at all.
Sherlock was still reclining on the opposite end of the bed, wide awake. His legs were stretched out next to John and sometime during the night he had lost the jacket. His shirt was slightly unbuttoned, his sleeves pushed up. He looked a little pale and tired in the morning light; but his eyes, despite the shadows under them, seemed bright and deeply satisfied. His hair stuck out unruly from his head and a few curls fell over his face.
Mycroft really should know better than to leave his laptop lying around like this; the password was a joke to crack and his brother was way too nosy by nature. Sherlock scoffed. Perhaps Mycroft was getting old. He quickly glanced through files and folders and emails until he found what he was looking for.
His eyes shut; he melted into the kiss with an involuntary shudder that raced through his entire body. Sherlock gripped him a little tighter, and he felt an answering tremor from the body pressed against his. John gently began moving his lips, kissing back. His arms went up to slide under the large coat and jacket, grabbing Sherlock’s shirt, relishing the reality of
before, how demeaning and distracting—whereas now, he welcomed the distraction most enthusiastically. Nothing about pleasuring John had felt demeaning, quite the contrary, in fact; and everything about him seemed entirely and utterly
After a shower that was perhaps a bit longer than usual, John tentatively snuck back through the corridor, wrapped in a towel. He was still dripping a little, but he simply wanted to get to his room as quickly as possible. The flat was silent. It seemed he was in luck - the client was gone. Knowing Sherlock, though, John suspected he was lying on the couch or sitting in his chair completely motionless, thinking about the case. So John opted to skip the sitting room and moved quickly through the kitchen door to the landing.
Sherlock sent him a triumphant look. “Not one of your pop stars then,” he said smugly, and John found it hard to breathe now from laughing. Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile. “Your turn,” he said to Mary, and she giggled. The game was back on.
The alternative was to let it be. Let John get over his attachment; let them go back to their previous status quo. Then things might not be as fulfilling in certain respects, but their friendship would be safe from harm.
. He’d had the good sense to not burden Sherlock with innane prattling but had merely inquired how John was doing. Apparently there was no sign of Jim Moriarty, and since Sherlock couldn’t throw any light on the matter beyond telling him what happened, Lestrade left again to get some more sleep. He didn’t bother to tell Sherlock to do the same. There was something so be said, Sherlock thought, for people who knew you well.
“Ajay…” she sighed. “He was the one I shot. He didn’t leave me any choice. I think he’s gone mad or something; he seems convinced I betrayed the team. He could just expose me, but for some reason he’s trying to kill me instead.”
“But seriously, though,” John said. “Are you and Mycroft using me – or Mary – as bait? Because I’d like to at least be in the know when that’s the case.”
John swallowed as a shiver ran down his spine. And here was another things she apparently had in common with Sherlock – she would have just left without a word. He took a deep breath and counted to five. “Which one was he?”
Sherlock told the cabbie the address and simply turned to go. He noticed John didn’t follow. He glanced back at the cab and saw John leaning in a little, pulling a few notes out of his wallet. He apparently made a joke or something, because the cabbie laughed and actually tipped his hat at John.
Moran heaved Sherlock up with a grunt and pulled out the knife from his leg holster with the other. “She won’t get far,” he promised.
? She nudged his legs a little. When Freddy answered, Sherlock absent-mindedly reached down and began ruffling her fur. John smirked a little when Abby’s tongue lolled out and she looked as pleased as ever.
“Sherlock,” he called out as he came walking across the lawn, rubbing his gloved hands together. “You got some time to help me?”
Mary waited for a moment. Then she made a small ‘ah’ noise that sounded like understanding. “You mean… being somewhere but being invisible?”
he thought wildly. He forced his face into a mask of calm, hoping his voice wouldn’t betray him. “Oh yes, because you clearly attach a lot of sentimental value to this place, don’t you, Vivian?” He made sure to overemphasise her name, hoping to get a rise out of her.
John looked up at him and met his eyes. He cocked a contented half smile. “You know what? You’re right.” John was sounding pretty out of it, Sherlock had to admit. But then again, so was he.
“Can’t you?” Mycroft retorted very quietly and Sherlock’s face scrunched in distaste as he realised he knew that look.
He gently tilted his head to deepen the kiss, and Sherlock seemed to instinctively understand. His head turned the other way so their lips slotted together even more snugly. John felt Sherlock’s mouth give under his, lips sliding against each other boldly and it set John’s nerve endings on fire. Sherlock suddenly let out a quiet little moan in his throat and the sound went straight to John’s groin. He took a deep breath and broke the kiss, panting heavily as he leaned his forehead to Sherlock’s.
“Yes. My husband was convinced that the matter of the tapes and the call the ambassador made were not known to the people conducting the investigation. He never saw the tapes again, as most of the belongings at the embassy were destroyed or presumed lost. As far as he could tell, nobody knew of their conversation. If the ambassador had begun turning certain wheels, my husband never learned of the results. He asked me if he should bring this matter to the attention of his superiors.”
Lestrade twitched, but tried a smile. John had told him off for always looking at him like a sad puppy and that moniker had made the DI at least try to keep a straight face when talking to him.
“Dearie me, you really went to town last night, didn’t you?” Mrs Hudson was prattling on in amusement, pulling the coat – Sherlock’s coat – from John’s shoulders. John shivered at the lack of warmth; or perhaps it was the nausea, who knew.
John waited a moment. “Helen, please listen to me. Listen to my voice. I’m here and Abby is here and we’re not letting anyone shoot you, okay?”
Sherlock brushed his fingers lightly against John’s cheek. “John?” There was no response. He tried shaking him a little and patting his face, raising his voice... but the man in his arms was quiet.
He went over the facts again, trying to sort out his thoughts in the waking-up haze. His choices had been either to push John away or to go all in, and that choice had now been made, whether he liked it or not. Theoretically, of course, he could pretend nothing happened – but that would likely break John’s heart. He mentally brushed the option aside (
, watching the methodical movements for a while, letting them calm him. Only when he no longer noticed his shallow breathing did he realise that he’d been worked up from the morning’s case and their conversation. Looking at Sherlock like this reminded him of the first time he met him, and there was something very reassuring in that.
Another shot. Feet crunching on gravel. The steps on the grass sounded faster now. Mary must have turned her back in favour of running as well. Fair enough. He just hoped she had done enough.
“Sherlock.” She twirled her cup between her fingers, evidently amused. “You haven’t told him how you feel about him, then?”
Sherlock frowned again and he raised a hand to John’s face, patting him lightly on the cheek to keep him awake. “Oh no, don’t start like that. You can tell me whatever it is when we get to the hospital, all right? An ambulance is on its way. Can’t you hear the sirens? Just stay awake until then, please,” he rambled.
Another text followed with the precise address. Sherlock tossed John his jacket. “And you’d think he’d be pleased to be working with us again,” he said, sounding offended.
“Thank you, but it’s fine. Really.” John nodded for emphasis, then took a sip of his tea. He took a deep breath and leaned back. It was the early afternoon and they were back at Baker Street. He hadn’t been surprised to find a black car waiting for all of them as soon as they left the building.
Now, however, he couldn’t wait for everyone to finally leave them alone. He itched to continue where they left off last night (and in the morning), only this time, they’d be sober. Now that he had scratched the surface of what they could have, he guessed he would never have enough. John clenched his hand and let his eyes wander from Sherlock to the open page of a book in his lap and back to Sherlock. He wasn’t sure how long he kept it up, but he noticed that Mary was giving them both sly glances and smirks.
“Second possibility,” John went on. “She expected to come into quite a bit of money soon which would enable her to overcome her fear of dependency and move in with Freddy as an equal - in her eyes. Hence your deduction about the promotion.”
John and Sherlock waited on the side lines for the interviews to end, and then sneaked past, following the officers inside before anyone with a camera could corner them. Inside the entrance hall, Lestrade was coordinating with Sally, papers were being handed out and there was a steady coming and going of police constables and officers around them.
Sherlock felt a hand on his arm and saw John, looking tired but determined, nodding at him. “Let me try,” he said quietly.
when they were— but then his reasoning kicked back in. Yes, good, of course. Stakeout. He couldn’t lose his head now, when they were so close. Infuriating
. “What about the auction house,” he asked. “Hasn’t she been in for work?” John noticed that Sherlock gave him a look, but he ignored it for now.
John took a breath and swallowed. Sherlock never looked at him like that. Or perhaps he did, but John had only ever seen it out of the corner of his eyes. He frowned and Sherlock glanced away.
“It feels like you’re living two lives at once. Nobody can keep that up, you know?” He studied her earnest gaze as she continued. “I think perhaps it would be better if you took a leave of absence for now.”
, John thought. “We knew hat there was someone behind the scenes who doubted my death and wanted revenge for Moriarty,” Sherlock continued. “People were commissioned to spy on you, to see if you met me somewhere in secret; especially when you continued with the cases. We were able to track the commission to the source.” He did not elaborate. But then he smiled slowly at John from under his downcast eyes. “So you were helping me, even if you didn’t know it at the time,” he said and his voice had dropped another notch. He sounded… proud. John felt his heart beat faster and forced himself to focus on the remains of his dinner.
“Thanks,” John said, quite innocently. He didn’t want a fight with her, and he genuinely thought that there was something that must have changed her mind about them. Perhaps she guessed it already?
John slipped his hands around Sherlock’s back as he was pulled closer. Sherlock’s fingers ran through his hair, sending delicious tingles down his spine. He wanted to press closer, to cover Sherlock with his body, to press him down to the bed; but he didn’t quite know how to move, not wanting to let go to rearrange them. But Sherlock tugged and his leg pressed against John’s insistently. John felt his body give in and he toppled forward, where he now rested snugly against Sherlock’s body, straddling him. They both let out immediate groans at the contact and the sound only stoked his need.
Sherlock followed his gaze to the laptop that rested on the desk. Or rather, what was attached to it.
“Fortunately, they did not die in vain. From their previous reports and the examination of the bullets, we’ve narrowed it down to two possible suspects. One of them, as far as we know, is currently in a high security cell in Hongkong. The other was a known associate of James Moriarty.”
Sherlock watched the grey morning landscape around them speed away into the fog. He felt cold and tired and not at all triumphant at finishing the case. People had died unnecessarily – not something he relished. It made for such messy endings.
“There is evidence that links Moran and his group to certain high-profile interference in Georgia around the time of the coup. We’ve had reports about his people capturing and basically brainwashing agents. One of the first jobs that links him to Moriarty involved a former French agent shooting his superior officer and then himself.”
“John!” Sherlock cried, but his voice was almost a whisper with the pressure currently mounting on his chest. He scrambled with his feet to find purchase, but no luck.
Sherlock turned around. “Mary is here,” he announced, and immediately sat down in his chair, as if he was awaiting a client.
,” Mycroft said in such an affronted manner that Mary laughed. “No offense to your physical qualities, but unlike my brother, I am absolutely uninterested in romantic entanglements of any kind. Too… messy,” he sneered a little and sipped his champagne.
“I don’t know how I managed. It was always Aunt Penelope this and Aunt Euphemia that. The day my mother finally told them all to go to hell and mind their own business was a good day for the family, even Mycroft thought so.”
He recognized the panic attack, but also that he was completely unprepared and unable to take any steps that might have helped prevent it. He suddenly felt more isolated and more alone than he had in months. There was no one he could call, nobody to ask for help with this. He’d fought back this feeling in his throat, in his bones, for months, and he couldn’t any longer. A wrecked sound escaped his mouth, and John shrank back even more into the wall when he didn’t recognize his own voice in it. He gave up trying to stop it, and another sob broke free. Finally, he felt the burning in his eyes slowly dissolve into tears, flowing freely across his cheeks. He gripped his legs tighter, buried his face between his arms, and cried.
He quickly pulled in a deep breath, then another one, and then coughed vioently as acid smoke and heat assaulted his airways. Sherlock hung in his arms, unresponsive. John turned himself so he could grip onto his torso easily and found a foothold in the wall of the pool. The waterline had sunk about a foot. He pressed Sherlock’s limp form against the walls, noticing at once that he wasn’t breathing. With a desperate grunt, he wrestled his good shoulder underneath Sherlock’s and shoved upwards and forwards, hoping his leverage was enough to get the tall man out of the water.
Father laughed and waggled a finger at him. “Quite right, genius,” he said fondly and continued to the shed. Sherlock smirked. He had to admit, he loved his parents. They were overbearing and annoying and frustratingly into terrible musicals, but—as parents went, they were all right. He remembered telling John about them and how amused he had been to hear they weren’t super villains. John was such a romantic.
John glanced at Sherlock, warily counting down the seconds of his patience being spent. But Sherlock merely looked at her with rapt attention. John frowned a little and studied his face, and the way he seemed… almost
The next day, John was still dismayed to have gotten no reply from Mary. Mycroft hadn’t called again either, so perhaps he had found her. Or perhaps he knew there was nothing else to find out from John. Either way, there was not much John could do.
Sherlock sniffed and assessed his body. “From what I can tell, the fresh air seems to aggravate the problem,” he managed. “I feel woozier than in the pub, if that’s at all possible.”
John could only imagine the looks of horror on the Yarders’ faces. “Oh God yes,” he breathed with a slow smile, looking up from under his lashes, and Sherlock’s eyes widened just as his face fell a little to reveal something entirely different underneath.
The building was not huge, but a decent size considering it only contained one retired couple. It was neat and robust looking; Christmas lights had been strung up over the door and around a small fir tree in the front garden. Morning fog still curled around the plants and fences, making the orange glow coming from the windows look even more inviting.
John took a few laboured breaths and finally opened his eyes. Everything was dark. He sat up abruptly, wanting to get away from the dregs of sleep, not sure if he was still dreaming; and suddenly he swayed forward, only to be caught by a pair of strong arms.
He was glad he was wet all over because he would never have admitted to feeling a few hot tears spilling across his freezing cheeks at the sight of John finally breathing again. He let John take another few raspy breaths and faintly saw a bruise develop on his head where he must have hit it on the way into the water. But it didn’t matter at all and Sherlock ignored the police around them, ignored Lestrade’s voice, ignored the helicopters and the bright spotlight and simply gathered John in his arms and held him in a fierce grip. He felt John’s breathing still ragged against him, and two wet arms came up and around him and held onto him just as tightly.
Mycroft kept his eyes on John for a moment, then glanced back at her. “John Watson is quite a catch,” he said. Mary raised her eyebrows. “You like him. Why did you end your relationship?”
He dropped his bag on the floor, took off his suit jacket and threw it over the chair and then let himself keel over backwards into the mattress. He tilted his head to the side, breathed in the comforting smell of his mother’s laundry powder and just relaxed. He was loath to admit it, and he would certainly never tell Mycroft, but he was glad to be at home. It wasn’t
Mycroft could see that John was injured. Favouring his right foot, he went to sit in the backseat of the SUV. His hands were still covered in Mary’s blood, and he closed his eyes. He looked like he was about to pass out from exhaustion, but he was still alert, still tensed. Sherlock stood next to Mycroft, ready to report, but he kept sneaking looks at John, making sure he was okay.
And then there was Sherlock himself. The facts were laid out in front of him: The warmth that flooded his chest when John said something kind or flattering. The way his thinking got clouded and confused whenever John was concerned. The fear he had felt when John was injured. The guilt he still felt over not telling him that he was alive, knowing how much it affected him.
He stood in his room, getting ready to put on his pyjamas and head to the bathroom. He thought John was still up downstairs, chatting to Mummy about that book she wrote ages ago. Sherlock had slipped away, hoping to avoid any more sentimental or tempting situations.
Moments later they heard a door open and the sound of voices drifting up. Mrs Hudson had met Mary briefly amid the shock of the previous day, when a supposedly dead Sherlock walked in with an injured John. She had bustled and cried and made them all comfortable and then happily cried some more, but she had probably mostly ignored John’s sort-of-girlfriend.
Mary flinched back a step, and Sherlock saw what she was going to do the second before she did. Norbury’s eyes flickered downward to fumble with her pocket.
“Not… at the moment. But thank you. I will.” Sherlock hated how insecure his voice suddenly sounded. But then again, John’s genuine satisfaction at that statement amply made up for it.
) room to get ready. As he quickly got changed into a fresh shirt, he contemplated the bed. Waking up with John had been nice. Being there with John was infinitely more desirable than being holed up in some draughty Eastern European cottage in the middle of bloody nowhere. But that was a given. Hardly a compliment. Sherlock had spent his time away wishing he was home – and home, he’d thought, naturally included John, the roommate. But he hadn’t realised that John
Half of the force had left by now, including a somewhat embarrassed and annoyed looking Sally; Lestrade was still sitting with them. He hadn’t forgotten the bet about the couples he’d made earlier and now that the Anderson debacle was over, he brought it up again. However, John was in on it this time, and he imposed an additional rule.
, to being a bit softer around the edges, a little more gentle. Sherlock retreated to a far corner of the room, giving her space. He had basically admitted to her that he had felt uneasy, worried and afraid. He’d never admit this much to anyone, usually. And she had reciprocated, told him her biggest fear at the moment. The issue, still unresolved, niggled at him, but there was nothing he could do about it now.
Sherlock indicated to Frederick to move off, to give him some space. John was absent-mindedly petting the dog, who didn’t show any indication of moving away from the door. Sherlock took Freddy upstairs and told him to make some tea for everyone and to wait for the police. Freddy seemed infinitely glad to be told what to do and left for the kitchen. Sherlock turned around again and took a few steps back into the cellar. He could tell that John had waited for them to leave, but something compelled him to go back until he heard the quiet voice float up to him. He leaned against the wall and listened.
They waited, listening to box after box being wheeled on board. John was beginning to lose all feeling in his legs from being crouched under the table. Also, there was the solid, tall, warm body of Sherlock pressed against him for the second time that night. After their moment on the roof, he wasn’t sure how much of this his self-control could handle. Sherlock was literally breathing down his neck, making his hair stand on end and his arms erupt in goose bumps. He wished he could ignore the thieves, their bloody boxes and the case and just turn around and—
The next few hours after they reached their destination were spent with the painstaking gathering of
John vaguely registered that Sherlock never said ‘please’ to anyone. At least it never sounded as sincere as it did now. He swallowed hard. “Shut up,” he managed. “I just...” John mustered the last ounces of bravery he had. “What I said earlier. I don’t actually mind,” he mumbled.
John gently sucked Sherlock’s lower lip between his own, only to release it again with a soft scrape of his teeth. Sherlock heard a moan in the quiet and suddenly realised that he had made that sound, odd and needy. He pulled back, his breath stuttering to a halt. His heart was thudding painfully in his chest, his eyes blinking rapidly. John was almost a blur before him. A very concerned looking blur.
She sounded nonchalant, but there was a serious undertone in her words. “Oh Christ, he’s not… you know...
John felt his breath stutter and he braced himself. His thoughts went blissfully blank. No time to think, no time to process. Only one job left to do now.
“So... how do you feel about that, then?” The words were hardly out of his mouth that Lestrade realized he’d asked the wrong thing.
Sherlock was lying on the ground just a few yards away, on his stomach, a gun in his outstretched hand. He was breathing heavily—
“If I had a problem with this sort of thing, I wouldn’t be here and you know it, you entitled bastard.” John grinned at Sherlock, whose lips twitched into a smile again.
and what that entailed between laughter, imagining faces and what people would say. It was a strange mixture of apprehension and giddiness, in the middle of the night in Sherlock’s bed. John was the kind of person who knew he cared a bit too much what other people thought. He knew his admission back at the pool had meant a lot to Sherlock – especially as he, by contrast, cared absolutely nothing about what people thought. John was looking forward to the effect that kissing Sherlock in public would produce.
“Not yet. But you know something? This lot, they call him a freak.” He gestured to the officers. “I discourage it, but you know how it is. And when you showed up, everyone was slagging you off for being so… naïve. So guileless, to just go and live with someone crazy like Sherlock Holmes. Some people thought it was Stockholm Syndrome,”—John snorted a laugh at that one. “Others assumed you’d be gone within the month; someone bet you’d become a mysterious murder victim one day,” Greg went on.
In the early evening, John got ready for the ball. He put on the immaculate suit and his smart shoes and smoothed his hair a little. Then he went back to the sitting room, fidgeting with his bow tie until it sat somewhat straight on his buttoned up collar. He was feeling a little claustrophobic and had the urge to open the top button, but thankfully the shirt fit so well that he would probably get used to it. He gave himself a once over and a stern nod of approval in the mirror. There was just one thing missing.
He took the hand and let himself be pulled forwards until he was kneeling on the bed. One of his thighs was between Sherlock’s long legs, silhouetted under the covers. Sherlock was sitting up, the blanket pooled in his lap, exposing smooth muscles and a soft smattering of hair on his chest.
“Yes, dear,” Margaret said good-naturedly as he got up to join her. “Oh, pick up my book will you?” She took another empty bottle under her arm to drop off in the kitchen. “Good night, everyone!”
There was a short silence and he counted her breathing. “No dear… I don’t think you do,” she finally said, a smile in her voice. There was something that was different from usual, John noticed. She was usually teasing them – a lot, actually – but she was always playing their supposed relationship more as a joke. This time, it clearly wasn’t.
John looked up. “Right,” he said, but then he pursed his lips. Sherlock waited. “Um… what are you actually working on? Can I help?”
properly. John’s breath caught and he swallowed heavily when he saw Sherlock’s face shift ever so slightly. It looked as if he was struggling with a difficult problem. His eyes flickered to the doorway and John immediately understood what the problem was.
“My turn.” Mycroft pressed his palms together under his chin. “This morning, two of my agents were found dead. They were following up some leads on our sniper. He found them first. Clean headshots.”
“John has been out several times with a nurse working at his clinic. Her name is Mary Morstan – at least, that’s what she goes by these days.”
Predictably, Mummy choked up at that, and even Father’s eyes became moist, and that made John’s already faltering voice stop so he could collect himself. Sherlock stared at all of them, simultaneously annoyed and overwhelmed by three people obviously caring so much about something he himself cared so little about. He had wanted to say something scathing, and it lay already on his tongue; but when he caught sight of John’s eyes something in his heart melted a little, shutting him up.
John smiled back, but there was a tint of surprise in his eyes that Sherlock found extremely gratifying. He’d been afraid that this new
John had made sure to give Abby another affectionate cuddle before they left, assuring Freddy to call him with any news. Sherlock watched his antics with a fond eye roll. When they were back in a cab, he kept his eyes fixed outside the window.
There was absolutely no focus now. His nerves, his heart, his very cells suddenly felt exposed as the images battered him from every angle. John’s smile, John’s tentative attempts at flirting (
They sneaked along the edge of the law, trying to keep in the cover of the trees as long as possible, and then passing on next to a small hedge. Everything around the cottage seemed quiet, as if nobody was home. There was no light anywhere.
“That he is, too,” Sherlock replied truthfully. “Too good for me certainly, but he doesn’t want to admit it to himself”, he added, then grabbed a few biscuits from a plate (the ones that John had helped make), gave his father a nod and wandered on before he could reply. John would probably come in soon, so Sherlock kept on his coat and went out the front door. To his surprise, he found Mycroft there, standing on the path, looking out over the meadow. He had his back to him, but the small stream of smoke rising over his shoulder could still be seen from the door.
John gestured around. “I think we have time to kill,” he said and grinned. Sherlock smiled back indulgently, the way he only ever smiled at John, and obliged his curiosity.
“That’s good, because I never know what you’re up to until after the fact so I have to learn to make accurate predictions if I’m going to watch your back.”
“I know,” John sighed. “That’s exactly what he would say. And here you are, doing his job for him.” John felt he was perhaps being a bit harsh, but it was true and she needed to hear it. “He’s perfected the art of getting people to do what he wants without even lifting a finger. Trust me, I know.”
Margaret seemed a bit surprised at that. “Mary, I’ve told you to call me Margaret,” was her first, automatic response, her hand resting briefly on Mary’s arm. Mary smiled and waited, but it was Richard who finally got what she was trying to do. He got up. “She’ll have port, and so will I,” he winked. “Thank you.”
In a small section at the side of the page was a picture of him and John, dancing at the MI5 fundraiser. Sherlock blinked and felt a hint of annoyance. He wasn’t upset about the picture being there; it was just… it was a very good photograph. It wasn’t too grainy, and you could clearly see their facial expressions. John was leading him through the waltz, their bodies so close together that he had tilted his head back to smile at Sherlock. And my goodness,
, Mr Holmes. It was not his job to uncover conspiracies or acts of sabotage. If the ambassador had set things in motion, good. But she was dead, and it was not up to my husband to make sure that whatever she started would be finished. I am sure she would not have expected it of him.”
Yes, of course he had considered it. He was also very much aware of the fact that so many little things about this could be incredibly misleading. He’d meant it at the bar the night before: he had observed couples before, and most of them, it seemed, threw themselves into relationships with people entirely unsuited to them. Most of them did it because they were lonely; some of them simply for the sexual aspect of it; some because they thought that
Sherlock huffed. “Of course it has occurred to me. But from my observation of people this was somewhat... unusual behaviour. I believed people who are friends to be more distant towards each other, for all their put-on joviality.” His voice had taken on a definite sneer there. Lestrade thought about this for a moment. Sherlock was a keen observer – many people called others their friends, but how much did they really
Lestrade had approached the room warily, as if afraid Sherlock might bite him, and then shown surprise and amusement that he had let a nurse treat him without biting
Sherlock huffed. God, he must really come across as unapproachable if John felt the need to ask if he could hug him. Then again, Sherlock wasn’t exactly a
John took a sip of his tea. “But hang on a minute... the dog toys and the bed and everything looked so new! Yet her sister said they’d had the dog for years. Have you considered that...” John looked at Sherlock with dawning understanding. “Oh of course you have. There were two dogs.”
Mycroft acknowledged him with a brief nod. His eyes skipped over his appearance, and Sherlock knew he knew exactly what the sleeping arrangements had been the previous night. He pressed his lips together and looked away from John.
As he stepped back into the room, his eyes fell on John’s sleeping form and his previous strange, irritated annoyance returned. He noticed with surprise that sitting beside John, watching him sleep and holding his hand, seemed to exert almost the same pull on him as that unopened case file on the table. Almost.
“You know, I’ll never guess this one, darling,” Richard said to his wife, shaking his head and laughing fondly. “Myc’s probably given me some obscure Russian author or Norwegian Nobel prize winner!”
John had absolutely no clue who he was supposed to be; so far he knew he was still alive and probably a woman, even though the question whether or not he was
John finished pulling on his gloves. “I do,” he said and opened the door. “And if I could just find a way to explain that to everybody else, we’d have such an easier time at crime scenes.”
John licked his lips and Sherlock’s eyes flickered down to follow the progress of the tip of his tongue. And then his bloody mobile rang again. His eyes went back to John’s, whose lips quirked up a little and he sighed, and Sherlock had never heard such resignation coupled with such soft longing combined in one sound before. He felt pretty sure John would have let him continue whatever he had been about to do.
. His legs were longer, but John was strong and fit. Despite his long absence, he remembered, and the running on a case, running for their lives, had an aching familiarity to it.
Mycroft got up from the uncomfortable chair. “If we find more puzzles along the way, I’ll be sure to pass them on to you. But for now… it’s time you returned.”
John groaned and leaned back on the bed, pressing his eyes shut for a moment. “Yes, well…” He glanced at her from the odd angle. “Not exactly an easy subject to raise with him.”
.” He spat out the last word, his eyes boring desperately into John’s. “Please, John. I know you’re terribly gullible, but
John finally beat down his overactive hormones and tried to focus on the case. It turned out a fairly obvious situation, once they knew what to look for, really. Margaret Fletcher was, in fact, Helens’ mother, and a visit to certain
. Sherlock knew Molly had been infatuated with him, but he probably didn’t think about it much. He thought love was a malfunction of the brain, of sorts; if John told him they’d cried over him because they
But John simply smiled, ate his croissant and didn’t say anything, and Sherlock was profoundly grateful. For a few minutes, they simply shared the same space, looked out into the garden and had breakfast. Finally, John grabbed his empty plate and turned in the direction of the dishwasher. He took a step towards Sherlock, to move past him, but then paused; he leaned a bit closer and said, “one step at a time, yes?”
Sherlock just smiled for an answer. He was enjoying this… flirtatious banter more than he should. More than he thought he would. He felt the weight of that shelf of unanswered questions resting uncomfortably on his shoulders. He had been meaning to deal with all of it, but instead, he chose the blissful route of just going with whatever felt all right at the time. He felt himself drifting closer, and John did not seem to mind.
Mycroft gave Sherlock a nod that actually approached respect and turned to stride down the path toward John.
Sherlock blinked. Finally, he took one. It was mostly crumbs now, falling apart in his hand. “Thank you.”
The detective was leaning against the counter, one hand on the countertop, the other on his hip. He must have literally sneaked up on John. “Unlikely,” he said, a smirk curling on his lips. His voice seemed to have dropped even lower than usual. “Alright?”
“Nah, he’s not the type,” Sherlock proclaimed, glaring at a few pages of bills. “Not with this kind of taste.” He didn’t elaborate and placed the page swiftly on the pile John suspected to be for the shredder. John huffed a laugh, earning another glower from Mycroft.
“Yes. Tomorrow night, there is a fundraiser at MI5. Well, they call it a fundraiser, but it’s just an excuse for the usual crowd to hang out and enjoy fine wines and dancing. Very small crowd, the high and mighty… and
The woman laughed. John ran towards them, calling his name, sensing something was about to happen. The woman levelled the gun at Sherlock and moved towards the window, opening it slowly, watching her pursuers. Behind John, other officers were slowly appearing, drawn to the ruckus. He heard shouting from down the corridor. John’s attention was distracted for one second, but it was enough. The fake constable lowered her gun so she could climb out of the window, and Sherlock lunged for her. She disappeared just as he reached the window, and Sherlock gave an angry yelp of “NO!”
Mary froze and John saw her face go pale. Before they had time to think, he grabbed her arm and dragged her in to the nearest alley, hoping beyond hope that it wasn't a dead end. Unfortunately, they weren't in luck: the back of the alley was closed off with an imposing metal gate with no footholds that John could see. He quickly pressed himself and Mary against the wall where they were hidden behind two large rubbish bins.
Mycroft allowed himself a small, amused smile and gave his umbrella a twirl. He stepped back into the room with the two sleeping men and carefully closed the door. He sat down on one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs. And waited.
“Home of a murderer, John,” Sherlock said. “They come in all shapes and sizes. This one was paid for in blood,” he muttered darkly, and John felt a shiver go down his spine.
Mrs Blanchard swallowed, and John saw that Sherlock was right in all points; particularly about it having been a happy marriage. Despite her impassive demeanour, she was definitely heartbroken about her husband’s death. She took a sip of her tea and then gently placed it back on the table.
“I will tell you everything, but… I am sorry for what you had to go through because of me. I am so sorry. I will explain, I promise.”
It was different. In his occasional daydreams, John had always thought that being with Sherlock like this would feel different because he was, well, a man. He’d expected to be at least a little weirded out by the physical side of it – had made his peace with that assumption, really; but it turned out that it wasn’t so different when it came to their bodies. Desire was desire, he learned with delighted surprise as Sherlock’s body came completely undone beneath his hands and lips. That was not it. It was different because it was
John heaved a deep sigh. It was going to be a long day. He trudged up the stairs to get ready – to follow this mad man into another adventure.
. On the other hand, Sherlock knew he was self-indulgent enough to give in to his own whims any moment; shooting the wall because he was bored – kissing John because he felt aroused… what’s the difference? But… the wall couldn’t just up and leave. What if things became complicated and John would leave? That would be… unacceptable. Sherlock sighed and added ‘
Greg’s eyebrows shot up. “An accident?” he exclaimed. Sherlock looked annoyed, like he always did when people stated the obvious, or, even worse, asked him
John shook his head and began walking down the pavement. “Because I want him to make sure our friend actually gets
In his absorption, Sherlock completely missed the next surprise for Christmas until it was standing right in front of him. Mycroft had arrived, and for some reason he’d brought Mary.
“I have,” John said, and then had to clear his throat, pushing the thought of Sherlock out of his mind. “I’m sorry. I, uh, look. Hah. I don’t
“So you think this Lady Smallwood had something to do with hiring the assassins? Wouldn’t Mycroft have picked up on that?”
When he awoke next morning, he found the flat silent. He washed himself as much as the bandages and injured shoulder allowed, took his medication, ate, watched telly and busied himself with his blog. By midday, he had run out of things to do. He contemplated going for a walk, but he still felt too groggy to move around too much. He leaned his head back on the couch and stared at the ceiling, thoughts swirling in his head. He hoped Sherlock would come around soon and not be so damn difficult anymore. He wondered where he was.
“Don’t be ridiculous. Mycroft wouldn’t help us break into MI5. But he also wouldn’t give me access to the information I need, so here we are.”
Dark crime scene, what a lovely excuse for some sexual tension, don't you think? Also have some BAMF!John on top <3
“Oh, and I suppose you weren’t just waiting for me to make stupid mistakes so you could point them out?” John laughed, and Sherlock found himself joining in.
). Although they’d been drunk, he didn’t feel like he regretted this development. Hell, as far as he remembered, he even instigated the whole thing.
“Huh. I wonder what happened to the people who do live here,” John mused, studying the man in the garden. They sure did look convincing to the naked eye, he had to give Mycroft credit for that.
France, unfortunately, was off the table almost as quickly as it had been placed there. John’s face fell when Mycroft told them the news. They’d gone to his office to discuss possible arrangements, and Mycroft had immediately stopped Sherlock short.
towards John. Was she planning on staying in his life? He was stopped from exploring that notion, however, by the shrill ring of the doorbell. He groaned, knowing instantly who it was.
!” John breathed. “Sherlock, I—“ John didn’t know what to say. Was it just that? He took a deep breath. He wanted to say
However, when Sherlock had handed his statement over, Mycroft turned to John. “Would you give us a moment?”
Danby’s, the auction house connected to the disappearance of the objects, was facing bankruptcy, this much was evident from fairly public sources. In the afternoon, when John was hastily eating a very late lunch at a coffee shop, Sherlock finally phoned Lestrade. After a bit of swearing that John could hear through the phone all the way on the other side of the table, he consented to drag his hungover self out to meet them and coordinate at Scotland Yard. Sherlock was smirking all the way over in the cab, seemingly pleased with having caused their friend undue stress. Before Sherlock could leave the cab at the Yard, John grabbed his sleeve and held him back. “One moment.”
“What?" John looked at her sideways, but mostly he began looking for an escape route. "What are you talking about?” Someone from Moriarty’s network had it in for him. Revenge, perhaps. Kill off all that remained of Sherlock Holmes, his friend, his memory. He had to think fast, to get Mary out of there alive. He spotted a fire door a few steps back down towards the road. Exposed, but their only chance. In the street he thought he heard running footsteps.
John tried to open his eyes to assure himself that he wasn’t dead, but everything he saw was spinning and he lurched sideways, losing his balance. The arms around him held on tight.
“Bloody hell, and I thought only your family had names like that,” John muttered and Sherlock’s lips quirked up briefly.
He still felt the impact of the words long after they were said. For the rest of the drive, he replayed the conversation and he finally decided that it hadn’t sounded like an ending. He allowed himself to hope, once again, that maybe this whole
