He quickly buzzed Greg, the third member or their on and off polyamorous romance. Greg was kind, a bit too sweet, but more than happy to be involved, or not, with Sherlock and John
He reaches for another piece of Turkish Delight, but shakes his head, the music going a bit quieter, and straightens up. No eating on cases, that’s the rule. Food slows your thinking, Sherlock, it’s not worth your time.
"Too big for your jeans, piggy? Oh dear..."
John tears his gaze away only to find Greg regarding himself with the same interest. Both men blush. Mycroft smirks at John over Greg’s shoulder. He pushes past the two of them bodily, pointedly squashing his massive sides into the other two fat men. He remains the fattest of them all.
He took a few deep breaths, then put himself away and went to wash his hands. He heard the door open. Fuck, he hoped he didn't look too flushed. His lips had pinked and his eyes were darker, but he looked his usual.
in the universe. It was lucky Sherlock was in love with him. Still how he continued to miss everything was rather astonishing. The freezer stuffed full of ice cream and emptied swiftly, the constant smell of baking cake, the crunch of crisps as Sherlock laid about watching telly, not even when Sherlock would pass in clearly new clothes, munching on a slice of toast that had to be slathered in almost a half stick of butter. Even this almost sinful indulgence was unnoticed. Sherlock was almost ready to throw a tantrum. He wasn't one for giving up. And now that he had gotten started, he wasn't about to stop. It was intriguing, all this growing and eating. He began to appreciate the flavors and intricacies that came with cooking and baking from scratch. He felt himself flush every time he struggled to get his trousers up, wondering how long until a new pair would be needed to house his burgeoning belly. And off course, noting where his body was beginning to fill out and store the results of his indulgences was a worthy case all on its own. His hips especially seemed to flourish, every new pinch of flab must be cataloged. Shame that John was ordinary and blind, but so very... John.
the sobs continue,
"We're so happy to finally meet you, John. Sherlock's told us so much about you," said Mrs. Holmes, finally settling down beside her husband.
*****
"Better?" He whispers hopefully, his hands still wandering Sherlock’s soft sides and middle.
Wanting.
"Of course," John says, nodding and doing so. He takes Sherlock’s hand again. Somehow, John doesn't think he'll be able to stop doing that once this is over. Or even want to. But first: Moriarty.
John looks at Sherlock, wetting his lips as he notes the bulge in his master’s trousers now that he can see beneath that big soft belly.
"Desk, middle drawer at the back," The detective inspector answered, grunting and huffing as he wriggled out of his ruined trousers and far too tight pants. He breathed a long sigh of releif, his belly swelling upwards as he came free. He rolled himself up again, groaning as his belly pressed into his erect cock.
"Fitting" Sherlock said, sounding all too pleased as he bit in with a moan, 'You really know me more than anyone, John Watson"
The journey was rather quite. John's fingers tapped incessantly against his knee until Sherlock's long warm fingers settled on top of them.
“Quite alright,” said Molly primly, her mind racing as she realized what she had just done. Oh. Wow. She managed to pick up the basket of chips beside her without her hands shaking too badly. She lifted one of them up, hot fresh and greasy and pressed it into Sherlock’s mouth. He chewed it slowly.
John shudders as the tape plays out, then look around for you in panic. "Sherlock, Sherlock, come on, this way," he pleads, taking the detective’s hand again and tugging him to his feet. He catches a glimpse of the little thing again, imp-like with pale glowing eyes and a sick mockery of a smile.
Sherlock nearly fell into Greg as he stood, their massive, nude forms shaking and quivering into one another, belly squashing and jiggling as the both leaned in, their soft chests bouncing
"Hm, it's another weigh in day," he rumbled, a warm heat settling in his expansive belly at the thought.
"You were very good," said Father Christmas, his voice growing gentle as he reached out to put a gloved hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "Though, you might want to watch out about storing body parts in the flat without telling John in future."
“Ah, lazy is he, your pet?” Mycroft comments mildly, surveying John imperiously in a way that makes John want to sink to his knees on the spot. He clicks his tongue and the fattened ex army captain blushes deeply, ducking his head. All he sees is tits and belly.
Christmas Eve's dinner was a rather elaborate fare, John trying to swallow down every calorie he could muster before the next morning. And eating a lot at Christmas was expected so John went completely to town. There was a huge honeyed ham, mashed potatoes mixed with cream and butter, gravy with more cream in it, vegetables doused in butter, beer, and of course a monstrous rice pudding for dessert.
A small plate of doughnuts appears on the table beside him. He absentmindedly reaches for one.
John laughed and quickly rummaged in said drawer, finding the lubricant.
and...
"A-and whole milk," he stammered, moving over to the bed and setting the tray down, slipping off his own pajama pants and soft jumper, a pair of green pants stretched across his full bottom, plump belly turning to small rolls as he leaned forward nibble on a cookie himself, smiling softly at the sweetness.
For the next two weeks, John stuffed himself to bursting on Christmas cookies, hot chocolate, thick hearty stews, and other heavy dishes. He took seconds at every opportunity, groaning as he left the table with his middle distended. He spent his days at the surgery snacking on a variety of things in between clients. His stomach felt almost constantly tight and full. Still, he didn't seem to be gaining very quickly. He took to drinking calorie rich shakes on the way home, taking cabs more often to save on the calories he burned.
He thought about a lazy Sherlock, spending his days stretched out on the sofa, maybe eating some ice cream or some treats, calling for John to bring him more... finding him fatter every day he came home from work, that round belly softening and poking out between the man's pajamas.
"Just as many online cases as I can take, murder always seems to go down around this awful holiday, and I've barely heard from Lestrade. I do believe my brother has finally decided to
John grabbed a handful of that huge bloated gut, kneading the flesh in his hand. "Still? Fuck, what happened to you lot?" he asked, laughing again, though... he wet his lips again. "Just /look/ at you both..."
Oh. Of course.
Oh Jesus... he could just have stuffed the suit! What the hell had he done?
The room is dark, except for one, single, illuminated television hanging out...but actually it appears to be more part of...the wall. Its edges look...like gingerbread, decorated as if to make a child's eyes go wide with wonder, and some - some very small part of our hero - actually feels that way. The frosting is intricate, riddled with gumdrops and little, chocolate-chip smiley face. Sherlock feels his mouth water ever-so-slightly, but then re-focuses on what's on the screen - John.
"Mmhmm," Sherlock hummed, hauling himself up further and leaning into John, his head perched on the soldier's shoulder, his belly pressing against the shorter man's back. He kissed his neck softly. John shivered, both at the kiss and the soft bountiful fat pressing into him. "Unless you think you can guess my weight of course," the detective teased, leaning into him further.
Greg was hardly different. His belly was beginning to round into his lap, droop between his thighs where he sat on the floor, shoving what must have been his twentieth chicken nugget into his mouth. His belly was showing between the buttons of his crisp white shirt, the skin beginning to grow splotchy and angry.
"Bit of a- a fantasy," Greg answered, going red once again.
Greg blushes in kind but looks eager like an overlarge golden retriever eager for praise.
The detective and the doctor wander along the hall and soon they can clearly hear Moriarty's ranting and railing. There's a loud crunch and a surprised yelp as they push open the door at the end. The room is dimly lit, monitors everywhere emitting the only light. A pair of blue glowing eyes blink at the newcomers, then vanish. John thinks he might even have imagined them.
John had his other hand in his mouth, biting down on the side to keep quiet. He saw himself in the feeder's place, belly jiggling, jutting out proudly... Then tying sherlock down, stuffing him to the gills, the detective moaning, whimpering-
Sherlocks mouth fell open. He'd never seen a man of such size. Such girth. Such...Appeal.
"I'm glad we understand each other," he murmured, undoing the man's collar, his fingers cold against Sherlock's hot soft chest.
"Don't!" John snarls, his weapon drawn, but Moran doesn't move.
The scuttle is coming closer, moving more slowly than whatever passed by John earlier. The ex army doctor hides behind a desk that seems to be made of dark chocolate. There’s a soft clicking noise as the scuttling pauses. The sound of chewing. John measures his breath even as his heart pounds and scoots carefully away across the floor. He looks back
"I...never thanked you," he added, sipping at his creamy, fatty milk.
"Mmmm," He purred, snuggling in closer, further under John's girth, heart pounding as he heard the mattress creak beneath their weight. Beneath John.
John.
"Christ, I'm starving! Should we... Should we order something?"
"Cum then. Mark me if I am yours. You are mine, Sherlock Holmes. Crafted in my perfect image. Cum."
He reached for another doughnut, slightly adjusting his pants,
"John, eat," came Sherlock's voice, low and warm as it gusted against John's ear, his lover leaning into him as Sherlock also served John potatoes. "You hardly ate anything all day."
Sherlock’s mouth falls open in confusion, a small part of him feeling guilty over not having devoured the creature whole. But he shakes that thought from his mind, straightens up, brushes himself of, and runs towards the sound of the gunshots
Greg too was singing Sherlock's praises. His fingers clenched, tugging at Sherlock's curls, his eyes falling shut. His hips canted lightly, causing his belly to jiggle and press further into Sherlock's face.
John smirked and led the way, shedding off the slightly ridiculous suit along the way until he was just in a pair of tightly stretched red pants. The band dug into his hips hard, creating blooming love handles that rolled and shifted as he walked. John's belly was really starting to sag now. He demonstrated that as he waited by the bed for Sherlock to set the things down. He lifted and rubbed it lightly, trailed a finger in his navel.
"Course, here. Drink up," John instructed, passing the soda bottle over.
"You had a...a light to you, John. How was I supposed to resist bringing that into my life?" He tried to chuckle but it came out too hoarse, and he sipped at his milk, moving to straighten up, not wanting to make his straight flatmate uncomfortable.
"You didn't have to get me anything," he laughed, greedily taking the present and tearing off its paper.
He shed his tortured waistcoat, then his shirt. His fat, round, pot belly wobbled out into the open air, sighing as it bulged with his swishy love handles over the edge of his trousers.
"But nothing. Why? Have any notes to compare?" Sherlock smiled, looking to his brilliant John with warm eyes, wishing he could take off that damned corset and start fingering his navel before his exploded from arousal right there.
"Go on, you can let them out," he encouraged.
Moriarty glowers at them both with rage, he's clearly attempting to stand, but doesn't seem able to. His thighs trapped and immobilized in trousers too small, a heavy arse making it nigh impossible for him to move anywhere.
“Then I’ll fuck
Sherlock waves him off even as he sits up as well, his massive belly only just contained by his shirt buttons which are straining yet again. He pads to the kitchen, his equally massive hips swaying, enormous arse rolling and looking ready to split his trousers in two.
Moriarty's eyes go wide in the control room "What did you…" He smiles.
He is starving.
"Sherlock! Lookit this!" He tore the lid off one box and flopped down on his arse, then resumed eating gleefully.
"Oh, er, yeah. Here, let me just... help you up." John lets his arms slide from Sherlock and backs up a few steps, then offers the detective both of his arms to heave the man to his feet. John checks his gun again and brings it out.
"Probably fuck you to Sunday. And then make sure mine was even bigger," John growled, slipping his head in to nibble and suck at Sherlock's neck, his softened fattened body pressing into his lover again.
*****
"I'm... I'm sorry, love. I wasn't trying to be funny. Come on, talk to me, what's the matter?" John asked, reaching out to grab Sherlock's forearm gently.
Sherlock stepped back, hurriedly, blushing madly
"Oh God!" John groaned, then huffed a laugh. "We won't be able to move after." He grinned at Sherlock and reached over to rub the other man's belly. Sherlock sighed happily, slumping down further as it gurgled.
He frowned, crossing his arms, turning his head away from the treat.
John Watson was a glutton, a perfect one at that, and Sherlock let his eyes close as he desperately imagined his fit soldier growing larger and larger.
Sherlock  can’t help it - he laughs.
“Good,” they both say in one breath.
He was essentially naked and three times the size he used to be, sitting in front of a platter of chocolate crumbs. A wave of terror swept through him, taking his mind with it, so all he could think to say was
"Hmm... think that's what's done it?" he murmured as he chewed. He swallowed it down and resumed rutting his belly into Sherlock's affections, gasping and whining as the man explored his navel. He took more thick bites of greasy burger.
Sherlock balked, standing hurriedly and sputtering as John tore his clothes away, revealing-
This was either the weirdest dream John has ever experienced, or he was still on some sort of whacked out trip from the drugs in his tea. He holds his gun at the ready as he steps out. There's a rustle in the room, a soft one as if something big is shifting, slipping along the dusty floor. John checks a corner to his left and then creeps slowly towards it.
Sherlock's eyes flicked to John's, then crinkled in a smile. "Not my point but-"
Sherlock leaned over, taking a bite out the piece and letting out a pleased hum, snatching the rest from the man's hands as he set down another fattening, sugary, heavy tea, sipping at the one he brought himself. He looked over the spread of jams and slathered one with more butter than John had, then a thick coating of apple jam, Mrs. Hudson's canning phase leaving them with almost a dozen types
He grabbed for every part of John he could find, arching his back, his swollen middle kissing John's further.
"It can wait a moment," Sherlock answered, "Besides, it could skew the results!"
"I...good to know. Kitchen is...it's this way." Sherlock blushed, stumbling for the kitchen.
There's a heavy creaking noise behind John and he spins around, pocketing his cellmate's dodgy voice recorder. There's now a rectangle of light that illuminates the room besides the light source in the ceiling. A door.  John walks towards it, gun in hand, but creeps carefully around to conceal himself behind the wall as he peers out. It's dimly lit, but the walls are still unmistakably iced and browned.
"How did you get past my doorman?"
"None of that," the doctor admonishes, smacking Sherlock’s  frosting-coated hand and then looking at the book.
"J-Jawn! M-my tummy! Ow, ow, ow, ow, owie!" Sherlock grips and squeezes at it, desperately trying to stop the pain. "Help, J-jawn, pl-please"
A thump.
He licked a stripe from Sherlock's ear to his collar bone, shivering as he felt Sherlock's hot pulse against his tongue.
Somehow this setting is even more unnerving. There's another scuttle. This one sounds even heavier. John swallows and slips the safety off.
He took out his phone, wandering to his room and ordering an almost ungodly amount of food once the door was closed.
It wasn't. The pattern proved itself again and again over the next week. Now that he was attuned to it, it was impossible to ignore how John's eyes would linger whenever a heavier man passed, how they would trace over the curve of his belly, fix at his waistband. Always there was a swallow, a twitch of the fingers as if yearning to touch. Interesting. Finally, data collected and tabulated before being filed away in his mind palace along with all the other things he knew about John, Sherlock knew what he had to do.
Sherlock sat on the couch, hiccuping and giggling around a full, positively plump looking belly full of much too much eggnog, the alcohol loosening up the detective's stomach enough for him to finish off not two but three plates of cookies after dinner.
He picks up one single treat with his long, thin fingers and brings it towards his mouth.
“Yeah," said John, oddly touched at that vivid memory being used for him. "They were wonderful though. I might have finished the whole thing before we even got it home," he joked.
John did wonder why Sherlock was so infuriated when it came to Christmas. Hardly anyone seemed capable of detesting a holiday full of sweets, warm cozy lights, and gifts. Maybe he'd always deduced all his presents and ruined the surprise. He prodded one of the gingerbread men, testing the temperature and then picking it up to take a bite. Needed to taste test after all.
"Off home then," he said, following Sherlock out of the Yard. He hailed a cab, still not looking at his flatmate, his mind still spinning. Somehow he still felt flustered and hot.
Sherlock let out a soft groan as he eyed the dessert, one hand still clutching his stomach.
Sherlock chuckled and let out a long happy sigh. “Hm… we should get married.”
"Fuck! Oh!" He moaned, squirming to escape, not really wanting to
“J-John please… I’m so full-“
“Mmph, hurp, yes John!” Sherlock groans in response, his own eyes dark, “More. Feed me. More.”
"Been slipping on the training I see," he murmured, chuckling to himself. He knocked on Greg's door.
the voice sobs,
"Bored," He proclaims with a sip, "Don't you have something else to throw at them? Something that'll kill them faster? I wasn't planning to spend all day here you know. Ooh, I know!" Jim leans forward with a grunt to turn on the intercom.
Sherlock simply nodded and stood, then led his flatmate out to catch a cab home. His mind was still spinning. How could he have missed this vital clue? For so long? Sarah and all the others had been leaner, much leaner... This required further testing. It might be just a fluke brought on by tiredness, alcohol...
"Something for me to grow into?" Sherlock jokes, moving the doctor’s hand to rest on his opposite hip, and slipping his own hand down to rest on John’s.
Lestrade was also blushing, and the detective cleared his throat, not looking at John.
The demon snorted.
"G-goodnight, John," Sherlock choked. He listened to John climbing the stairs, huffing and burping from fullness. Then the door snapped shut and Sherlock let out a moan of frustration, his forehead thumping against the kitchen table. Maybe John wouldn't remember all this tomorrow morning? What if he did? Sherlock felt his mind spinning, exploring the outcomes of either scenario. He had to admit, he rather preferred the latter. That one seemed to result in a plumper, softer John Watson. Yes. Infinitely preferable. Sherlock grinned and returned to his bedroom, leaving the empty platter, cartons, and glasses for John to find the next morning.
"Fuck... shouldn't have done that," he said, giving Sherlock a nervous half smile. He swallowed. What did... what did Sherlock think of him now? His soldier gone soft and gluttonous- he stopped. That line of thought was not helping his erection.
And so they do, Greg digging in happily, but John: John devours. Gluts. Gorges himself. He hardly seems to chew his mouthfuls before he’s swallowing them down. His belly gurgles and churns as it strains and stretches, rounding down towards the floor.  He utterly loses himself in the eating, wanting nothing in the world but to grow fatter, larger, fuller-
For some odd reason, that seemed to make the detective's heart swell. He looked over at John, his eyes still wandering, gathering data. He'd borrowed some of Sherlock's shampoo again, clearly. John, as ever, didn't notice. He was looking around the bar at the other patrons. His gaze paused now and again, but it didn't linger anywhere. None his type? This was growing increasingly irksome.
baked! It doesn’t make sense! Wait, Greg don't-"
Sherlocks hands moved on their own. They dug into John's massive, perfect ass with nothing short of need.
The circle was drawn on charcoal, not pigs blood.
"Your What-son? Watson. Yes that will do. I can't have everyone knowing how special our bond is. For we are bonded now, Sherlock Holmes. From this moment onward. "
John couldn't help himself. He rutted lightly against Sherlock's huge fat thigh, watching as the man's belly pooled on the desk beneath him. He kissed Sherlock's back, then growled, "Think you're ready for me fatass?"
"Hah! You liiiike it," John sang, still grinning in a sloppy drunken way that somehow managed to look smug.
Sherlock giggled at the oinking, hoping one day he'd be able to make his always-in-control Captain squeal, pressing a bit faster, with a bit more purpose as John gobbled up his greasy treats. As the last fry passed through his lover's lips he looked over John's form, purring with contentment as he leaned in to kiss him.
"Flatterer."
John was. The ex-army doctor kept himself in shape. He was fit under those jumpers as Sherlock had observed upon bursting into his flatmate's room one morning to drag him off to a case. But now... there was a definite rounding there beneath the jumper. The fabric seemed to tug and crease, highlighting what could only be described as a
“I...those aren't questions." He blushed, hands drifting to John's massive love handles, squeezing them gently, lovingly, with nothing short of worship.
John looked surprised.
In the corner of Sherlock’s new room, there is a small hole, and through it hop about half a dozen, toddler-sized chocolate bunnies. Sherlock doesn’t think to try to knock through the door, or to try and fight them.  He does what any six-year-old would do when they’re scared.
John drained his third cup, muffling a burp, the spandex straining, digging into him...
"Well, looks like it's your lucky day then," he chuckled before settling behind Sherlock again, taking a moment to caress that beautiful skin before slipping his fingers down the cleft of it and tracing Sherlock's hole with slick fingers as he continued to kiss and nibble, his eyes closed. "Mmmm... fuck... the pair of you..."
He could be human. For a little while with this man.
The doctor doesn't know what to do for his ailing friend. None of this makes any sense to a rational medical mind. But John cares for Sherlock and he needs John’s care. So he'll try. John fires a round at the remaining chocolate bunnies, chattering a few paces off, which scatter at the noise.
Sherlock chuckled and reached over, rubbing a hand over John's middle as it gurgled around the mass of food being stuffed into it.
Sherlock wanted him to smile. To be happy. To feel nothing but pure bliss at all times. He'd give John anything, his money, his house, his-
The detective’s walk is most definitely more of a waddle now, and Sherlock embarrassedly reaches out for John’s hand to hold it again.
"Just a little snack," said John, pulling the lid off of the ice cream and using one of the wafers to scoop some of it up. It was perfectly soft and creamy. Sherlock's eyes lit up, then he smirked and pushed himself up to accept the treat. He clearly had guessed John's plan. Well, ice cream and soda. It was a fairly simple deduction.
Sherlock watched, battling with himself. He should leave, return to his room. But...
John groaned and rutted, crying out the man's name as he came against his new fattened form. He whined and moaned, shuddering, pressing sweet sticky kisses to the man's burgeoning breasts, his hands probing and admiring the beautiful bounty of his new belly.
“Go on, Piggy. Eat up,” he orders, his voice low and dark as the rich chocolate of the cake.
What had he just stumbled into?
now!/" He squealed
Sherlock moaned at the kiss, stealing one of his own from John's lips, reaching around the mountainous soldier.
"Not going to slow down? There's pie as well," Sherlock teased fondly. John groaned, looking at his plate a moment.
The detective watched as Deliah saw John and came over. Her smile was bright and her voice thick with an Estuary accent.
“Want me to get that?” he offers, already getting to his feet as Sherlock looks quite content to remain where he is on the sofa. The two of them no longer fit on this particular piece of furniture together. Sherlock is having a new one delivered next week.
"Oh, yeah. Good idea," said John, nodding and drying off his hands. Alright. Maybe he would need to see it again. Figure something out-figure the case out. Yeah.
**********
Sherlock hummed happily, eagerly accepting the creamy treat with a squeal, gulping it down and excitedly opening his mouth for another
Sherlock swallowed, cheeks flushing bright red, pupils dilating.
"Quiet!" Moran snaps, and  Sherlock stops talking, but his mouth hangs open. He licks his lips at the offering of more food. It isn’t fair, it’s like offering a kilo to a crack addict.
Sherlock swallows what’s in his mouth and takes another bite, then swallows that, actually seeing his ribs vanish slightly under a layer of fat.
"Sorry," John chuckled, still rubbing. Sherlock only grumbled and muffled another burp.
In every chair except the seat at the head of the hall, in the two dozen seats around the massive table, sits a skeleton.
Strict diet. Hard work outs... no cakes. He swallowed, recalling the decadent foods that had been carted forward in the video. He chewed his lip.
John muffled a whimper and continued to eat, his fingers trembling as they wandered his gut.
The desire demon smirked. More deals could be made in future. But this one was... interesting. Different.
A giant cockroach, bigger than any cockroach or any insect had the right to be is chewing at the chocolate John had just been using as cover. The pincers click, feelers swivel, and bulging eyes focus on… him. Surely, this can't be real. It can't, this is all impossible!
"Do you want to find out?" murmurs Moran, smiling and tightening his arm again. John forces himself not to choke, blinking as dark spots float over his eyes.
God, he'd never felt...better! His mind was so...empty. He just wanted to eat and sleep and...his mind trailed off. What had he been thinking about?
The first things to pop loose were the now definitely fat detective's perky set of breasts, grown past the softened peaks they were before, which sat below a softened neck and plump shoulders, framed by thick, sausage-like arms that jiggled as he continued letting out straps  that allowed a pillowy back to bloom free.
John gave a soft little moan at that, gritting his teeth to last just a bit longer.
"P-perfect" Sherlock said, not even noting what it was.
"S-stop? Don’t stop." Sherlock smiles dreamily, but the music cuts out for some reason and he snaps back to reality. The man blushes, totally unaware of the weight he’s gained.
John glances back at Sherlock, brow slightly furrowed, but no time. He grabs Sherlock’s wrist again, noting that it feels oddly thicker, actual flesh and skin sliding over the bone. But no time. They head for the back of the library. There's another door. And more scuttling. The doctor shoves Sherlock through the door and turns, firing two rounds quickly into the roaches following them.
"Does" he panted, falling forward onto the ocean of John's back, kissing at johns padded shoulders, burying his nose into the fat-softened duvet of John's spine.
"Thanks," he said again, taking the food and popping the lid off.
"John! John!" the detective calls, grabbing the man’s arms to stop him, three of the imps are dead, the last two desperately trying to get away.
"Yeah," John agreed, his voice coming out gruff as his breathing grew heavy with his exertions. He pressed in deeper and harder, tilting his hips and finding that perfect angle to make Sherlock squeal as he gripped the man's padded hips hard enough to bruise and jamming him back against every thrust.
“I said no. Sherlock,” Molly repeated firmly, trying to copy the tone that she had heard John use, a tone that wasn’t louder or harsher, but one that clearly expected that it would be obeyed. She kept her gaze level and tipped up her chin. “Not for the rest of the month. Understood?”
"I'm... glad," Sherlock murmured, ducking his head down to snog John properly against the side of the cab.
"Yes," said Sherlock moodily as he took another drink.
He did his best to sit up normally.
static-
The hallway is quiet, except for the sound of that cheery music, which Sherlock can’t help but find himself bouncing along to. He hears gunshots, and rushes towards what appears to be some brownie-based stairs.
"Fuck, Sherlock... you're so fucking fat."
His slacks looked ready to split at the seams or at the very middles as they stretched and strained around thick fat thighs and a truly entrancing arse. He jiggled as he walked, his wide hips rolling with a slow confident amble and despite his size he never seemed to make a sound even on the hard wood of the dance floor as he cut across it. The dancing couples parted easily before his singular gaze, a stare that seemed to shorten the distance immediately, as if he were currently nose to nose with the object of his interest rather than half a room away. His long coat swirled at his sides, fluttering around his bulging middle and straining waistcoat, the double chin at his shirt collar jiggling, plump cheeks beneath his mask. But he did not seem soft or welcoming as he ambled ever so slowly towards his quarry. His prey.
"You're not taking Sherlock, you bastards! Never!"
"Oh lord, yes!" The plump noble swallowed, his hands finding John's love handles, squeezing roughly, only letting go a second as the man stripped his coat away.
Moran tapped the glass again. "Make a round of the block. Stop anywhere that sells food and buy more."
Sherlock shook his head. That...that couldnt have been right. No. That...
"DVD is in the player, and plates are out, milk to drink?" he asked, imagining a fatty John, huffing and puffing after just a few moments of jogging.
"Er... fair point. Hang on. 'Romantic interest'?" said John, looking up at Sherlock in surprise. "You mean.. you were trying to figure out what I liked so that you could, I dunno-"
The reveal.
static
...Doughnuts? Were they poisoned?
wafting from the kitchen.
"He's mine," John growls, "Not yours. Clear off!" He shakes the gun and they squeal and dive. The doctor then pulls Sherlock back away from the basin.
"I-I, er yeah... I have gotten a bit," stuttered John, blushing even redder if that were possible, "But like I said... I can drop it again if-"
"Look at you, John. What happened to your abs?" he purred, quoting the video that had started it all.
"Jaawwwn!" He laughed, extending his arms out to his partner, willing him to leave his chair and snuggle with the detective.
He sent the signal and more food was sent.
Sherlock points to a door that has a trail of Moran’s footprints leading up to it, easy to follow the path of such a heavy man in such a soft brownie floor.
The room was dimly lit in a soft red glow. A fire crackled and popped in the grate, leaving the room almost too warm on the rather mild summer night. It seemed to invite the removal of clothing, sweat, and sin.
is how you torture people."
Sherlock’s heart rate skyrocketed as he watched John slurp down his meal. Jesus, he'd pay any amount of money in the world to watch that site go one for hours. He barely stifled a moan as John spoke through a full mouth, imagining the man letting out small squeals as he stuffed in more and mo-
"Jesus Christ, I’m fucking disgusting."
"Just keep moving, Sherlock. You're alright," John says, giving the detective’s hand a squeeze. He fires a single round behind them as something wanders a bit too close. The gun clicks. Shit!
Sherlock moaned happily and obeyed, flipping over and arching his back up, presenting his rounded arse to John.
" another voice in the background says
He keeps a tight hold on John’s hand, bringing up his other sleeved arm to his face, trying to cover it so John won’t see Sherlock Holmes like this - crying and... fat.
"Baron Watson. But you may call me John. Despite your name definitely not being added to the list," he purred, dipping his head to trail his lips over Sherlock's knuckles. The urge to bite was stronger than it had been in years. He was so hungry. So thirsty. So wanting. Only interesting lives made for satisfying meals.
In the control room Moriarty laughs, unaware of the small pot belly forming on his normally thin middle.
The detective spent the evening on five different dating sites collecting subjects. He took John to a bar on the premise of a case. Some hogwash about a barman with an inclination for serving sparkling cyanide. John bought it without question. The subjects were set up to arrive thirty minutes apart and chat John up. Sherlock would be recording his flatmate's responses in a mental spreadsheet.
"Why would John leave doughnuts!? We had a fight! And Mrs. Hudson only leaves things that
“You’re taking me to that Indian buffet I like,” Sherlock continues, smoothing his suit jacket before flicking his steely gaze4 back up to John’s face. “Understood, Captain?”
"Yeah, you are Sherlock. You're a big fat gluttonous hog," John growled, groaning as Sherlock shifted against him. He growled and rolled his hips into that glorious arse.
John was below him, it would only make sense to go down them. There’s a small puzzle at the doorway - as if the house is testing him. Sherlock smirks and looks at it. It’s honestly quite simple, childish. He moves a few chocolaty pieces around and expects the door to open.
So familiar a name for so foreign an entity. And a Baron at that. The Holmes were far lesser nobles than he-
Sherlock gently brought "Father Christmas" into a warm hug, his plump tummy squashing against the man's huge gut.
Another giggle sounds from under the table. Sherlock gets down on his knees to see what it is, and a crème puff  is popped directly into the detective’s mouth, the music playing loud again, another puff, and Sherlock struggles to stand back up, whimpering, throwing out a hand to hit whatever just fed him, making contact with something that shrieks, followed by another two giggles from the other end of the table.
John returned home, belly feeling full and stretched and so very plump. He rubbed it idly, wishing he could just set it free, let it spill out proudly, wobbling, in front of him as he walked. He hiccuped and then broke into a slow run to ensure he was out of breath before climbing the stairs up to the flat again. He groaned and huffed, his belly straining against the unforgiving material.
"Only trying to sate your gluttonous appetite."
"Come on you fat lazy hogs. Get a move on. Chop chop."
"John what is? This can’t be real,” he says, prodding a finger into his firm, taut gut and letting out a hiss when it hurts. "This doesn’t make any sense." He moves his hands from his stomach to the sides of his head. He tries to take deep breaths, but simply ends up panting, his overfilled stomach making it difficult to breathe.
"Good," said Sherlock, still rubbing the man's belly softly as it expanded out roundly underneath that jumper, pulling up the edge and forming creases around his swollen middle.
"Salt balance. I know about these things because 'm a doctor," John explained. He pushed the plate towards Sherlock and had another swig of his beer.
He called out for his flatmate, but the man's name died in his throat. John's eyes went wide.
Sherlock jumped as the massively fat man appeared before him. He drooled.
He had gotten fat. This was more than a few pounds. Maybe a couple stone, but... he did look like father Christmas. He patted his middle and watched in astonishment as it seemed to jiggle underneath. Right. He climbed down the stairs and set a small wrapped gift next to the mantle. Then he sat and began nibbling on the biscuits, waiting for Sherlock to discover him.
Oh God. He must have gone mad.
Sherlock followed like an excited, drunken puppy, looking over the plate carefully. He drew a hand to his chin, stroking it over-dramatically. The detective swapped two cookies, the took John's hand gently, part of his brain noting just how... soft it felt.
John watched as Sherlock emptied he bottle, gulp by gulp, his belly rounding out further and rounder each time, the skin around his navel growing a bit splotchy.
"John! What is the meaning of all this?! We've been dating two years, you know I
his John to notice the man's climbing weight, online cases keeping him too busy in any other regard.
At the last container of Thai he paused, rubbing his hands over his stuffed middle. This should've gone to John, the man needed to eat more anyway, and he was unclear about hoarding all the food for himself. He waddled about his room for a moment, finding a lace corset from a case a while back.
"Mmmmph, fuck!" He was shaking.
"Sherlock," John says warningly, grabbing at the man’s wrist again, "Don't wander off. Let's just take it slow through here.” He does his best to tug the man with him as they walk past the table. There has to be another door here... somewhere...
They would not do that to Sherlock. John fires, but the bullet hits a table leg instead and the creature gets away unharmed.
"Come here," He beckoned, sitting up, his sides turning into soft pliable rolls, his gut settling proudly in his lap, just capable of obscuring his raging arousal. He pulled Sherlock to him, worshipping the man's belly with his lips and mouth and tongue, squeezing at the soft love handles, using them to pull him closer and nearer. He nibbled and mouthed and groaned, then pressed the man onto the bed and spread himself over him, kissing him deeply as his fat belly pressed down upon him and squashed about him, his massive hard cock leaking against the other man.
Then a light illuminates the small bit of hallway outside the door. Sherlock hurriedly scrambles forward and presses his face against the sweet, clear sugar. His eyes widen at what they see.
"Only if you feed it to me, and let me feed whatever greasy thing you brought home right back, piggy," Sherlock purred, leaning down to suck then graze one of John's plump breasts with his teeth, giving his gut a harsh slap before waddling towards his bedroom, pausing to lean against the doorframe, giving his wide hips a small roll
Sherlock swallowed as Greg came, hot and thick, into his mouth, sucking man clear, feeling his stomach swell every-so slightly as he did
“Greg,” John answers, smiling and accepting a creamy cup of coffee from the man. Honestly, he wasn’t sure why he had insisted on drinking it black all these years. “Thanks, mate! Did you get some of those new maple bacon doughnuts I asked for?”
From there, word only spread. As did various parts of Sherlock’s anatomy. Several members of the Yard began offering Sherlock food at every opportunity, apparently only having gotten half the story. Still, the no longer quite so lanky detective ate the offerings happily even as John frowned a bit in the background. Even Mrs. Hudson had picked up on the secret. Now whenever Sherlock was being particularly stroppy or destructive, she baked him a cake. Granted, he didn’t have to eat the whole thing in one sitting. He often did, though. John would come home to find his lover snoring on the sofa and covered in icing and crumbs, hands folded atop a now quite expansive belly that slowly rose and fell with his deep breaths.
Sherlock moaned, then felt a pressure building up inside him. He tried to move away, but ended up unleashing a chocolaty belch with force enough to ruffle his doctor's hair.
That prediction proved true as the years found John growing steadily rounder and softer. They were married now, and decidedly domestic. John wouldn't have pictured his life ending up like this before he met Sherlock, but well, he had met Sherlock. And now this was perfection, lounging on the sofa with his lover and dutifully eating whatever little morsel he was offered.
At last, neither of them could bend around their bellies far enough to reach the table for more food and so they slumped back in their chairs, huge swollen, over stuffed middles on display as they burped softly and waited for all that food to digest so they could move again.
"Not wise to make fun of someone who your boss has taken under his wing," John retorted. He spun around as Anderson sniggered.
"Okay. We are sure as hell getting out of here," John decides, taking Sherlock’s hand and standing, pulling the detective with him. Jesus, he’s getting heavy. There's a giggle, a very human giggle, from somewhere nearby. What a time to run out of bullets.
Sherlock's eyes went wide as he muffled another belch. He willingly accepted the still mostly full bottle however and raised it to his lips, throwing his head back and chugging down even more. John rubbed the man's belly as he drank, imagining that he could feel the skin stretching under his fingers. The bulge was growing rather hard now, Sherlock's belly swelling out beautifully, growing round and heavy. John slid his finger into the navel again, finding the walls stretched and much more shallow now that Sherlock was being filled.
," he breathed out the word with reverence, adoration, almost panting now.
Sherlocks eyes went wide. His heart pounded. He eagerly filled up a plate, hurrying after John eagerly, completely forgetting the men he'd come here to see. Not even noticing that Mycroft had Greg pinned to the far wall, the grey haired man moaning as Mycroft’s mouth worked his neck...
"Oh, John... I may have had a bit too much to-John?" he asked, flipping open the blankets and staring at the empty space he found there.
"Ready to go?" he asked, moving past Sherlock, stepping into his shoes and doing them up.
Moran cocked his head.
him like this!
Greg started and looked up.
The tape cuts out
"Oi! Sherlock? That you?"
"You're amazing," he murmured, then gave Sherlock a nudge with his belly to get him onto the bed as he dug out the ice cream and the spoon.
John attempts to tamp down his own panic, even as Sherlock struggles again. "Come on, focus on me. Moriarty's got us. We've got to get out of this mad house, yeah?"
"You came and brought me presents" Sherlock said, voice full of emotion, "So...so I was good?" He laughed, eyes shining.
A smug grin emerges on his face and he whispers -
"Y-Yes! P-Please, John, teach me a lesson! I'm so...Jesus John!" Sherlock stammered, getting onto all fours and feeling his belly still press against the ground
"Sorry, just gonna pop to the gents."
"Good on you," said John, patting him on the shoulder and then going to find his laptop. Sherlock turned back to his plate, muffled a burp, then plowed on through until he was certain his body weight was almost 50% composed entirely of eggs. He wasn't used to eating this volume and so he spent a lot of his day, laying about with a tummy ache, rubbing the bulge that wasn't growing fast enough. John took pity on him and offered him a soda now and again, but never the response Sherlock was angling for. So he kept eating. And eating, and gorging, and glutting until it seemed like he only ever ate and slept on repeat. It was mind numbing but... oddly pleasing. He found he quite liked how constricting his clothing felt, how relieved he felt as he at last unbuttoned his trousers and let it round out. The skin was so very sensitive when stretched in such a way. It was a marvelous distraction. He found himself craving nicotine far less. His craving for chocolate hobnobs had grown near insatiable however.
"I...I need information on the sexual physiology of Winter Fae. Male Winter Fae specifically. I've been told they have...two..." Sherlock blushingly gestured lower, swallowing, "But the community itself refuses to release data on mating rituals or sexual appetites.”
"Here, yours." John said with a grin.
"Morning, Gorgeous," said John, grinning in kind and setting down what looked like a very full tray of breakfast on the bedside table.
“I know.”
It could work. He could afford a few pounds and then lose them again. And if it made Sherlock happy and enjoy Christmas again... well. John could most certainly throw himself into the role.
"You mean you're getting fat," finished John gruffly.
"Er, sorry... empty stomach, lots of food... " he mumbled something about the science of digestion and resumed eating, though going more slowly as his stomach ached and gurgled. He was starting to worry that it might push out even against the blanket now. He adjusted his position with a huff and a groan, his stomach contents shifting heavily. Fuck, he felt fat.
A murder had occurred in New London’s latest magical brothel - An incident involving a fairy no less - and Sherlock needed information in regard to certain...fae physiologies...and Desire Spirits were knowledgeable of a lot...types.
He caught a cab to the yard, then marched inside. There was no one at the front desk oddly. "Hello!" he called. He heard only soft snuffles and whimpers. Instinctively he reached for his gun but his fist only clenched on his belt. Fucking typical.
"Oh, she was looking for a Rutherford. I swear the people who go to these bars must have the cruelest parents," said John, getting perilously close to a giggle fit.
"Here, why don't we make one for each other, see if you can guess the other's taste, something to keep our brain active on a lazy day," he said, reaching for a piece and buttering it, sprinkling it with just a bit of jam, knowing John preferred things slightly more savory, then sliding the piece over. This was almost like feeding that gorgeous man...almost
"Yes! God, John! Yes!"
"Another caveat... you cum... and the deal is off. Your flesh is little use to me if you're already spent," John growled, leaning into Sherlock further and breathing in the human's scent at his neck, his thick fingers twisting into those soft curls.
Sherlock giggled at the touch, the new skin sensitive, "Jaawwwn! Where were you? You missed the *hic* doughnuts!" He grinned, rubbing his face into Greg's chubby cheeks
"Don't worry! I can slim down again before the wedding! I just, I just wanted to give you this Father Christmas thing and... oh God. Maybe I overdid it a bit," babbled John, stepping back and running a hand down his very fat, very round belly. He hardly recognized himself. He swallowed and jiggled the lot again.
He glutted, then belched enormously. His belly swung beneath him like a pendulum.
"You should have some peanuts with that, so you don't piss your salt balance away."
Moriarty shouts and interrupts them, "Hey, what about me!? You can’t just leave me here!  Sherlock, I’m not through with you yet. Oh no, we still have so many games to play!"
"Oomph, that was terrific! Thank you for such a good meal, Mrs. Holmes," said John, still shifting as he tried to get comfortable. He glanced over at Sherlock and found the man looking utterly undone. The lanky detective was also slumped back in his seat, a hand resting on a bulge of belly John didn't know he had. Sherlock's shirts were always tight, but now the buttons appeared to be screaming, the fabric skin tight around the man's belly. John watched, entranced as Sherlock's breaths caused that endearingly round shape to expand, then contract. His lips looked plump and wet, his eyes were half lidded and dozy. Sherlock's other hand slid down discretely. The detective gave a soft sigh and his belly appeared to relax a bit further. He'd undone his trousers.
“Y-yes, John,” Sherlock whimpered, spreading his legs and then wrapping them around the shorter man’s hips.
He was delivered quickly to Scotland Yard, and had to glare hard at several officers who eyed his puzzle hungrily
John drew nearer and set his shopping bags down, then he slipped a hand onto that lovely pale middle, his fingers pressing lightly, exploring this new little addition to his lover.
"I...I-I need information on the sexual habits of-
He swallows nervously and glances around the room. There’s just the one door, the locked one, and he knows it’s not sound proof because John turns at his screams .
Sherlock pressed play, silently challenging himself to eat as much pizza as he could, and perhaps getting as much into John too.He leaned slightly into the incredibly warm man.
He settled in next to Greg, his huge gut rounding up next to the man. Sherlock leaned his curls into the Inspector's head, purring, his chubby cheeks soft and grease-stained.
He burped and blushed deep red.
Tight, everything was so tight and... Jesus it felt good.
His times at Bart’s were always spent in back rooms, Molly once coming in, concerned with Sherlock's  distressed cries and his apparent lack of interest in corpses, only to find a fat-gutted, soft-chested, massive-arsed detective surrounded by empty Chinese take-out boxes furiously wanking with one hand as the other near assaulted his navel, moaning and squirming and belching. The young woman found her thoughts drifting to the sight the rest of her shift, never telling the voluptuous detective of her knowledge, but giving him a dozen cookies the next day with a cheeky wink.
Sherlock blinks his eyes open, and with a grunt rolls over onto his back, senses going into overdrive as he processes the situation.
Someone requested a sequel that explored what the two of them have gotten up to know that fattening Sherlock is a collaborative effort. ;) enjoy!
“Very good, John,” Sherlock murmurs, ruffling John’s hair before taking a doughnut for himself and stuffing the second past John’s own lips. “Finish more than a half dozen before I’m done here and I’ll let you fuck my belly in the alleyway before we go.”
//uh. Okay. I could... Drop by if you like//
"Please, please don't," Sherlock murmured, hands exploring the fleshy sphere, hefting it up and letting it drop, watching as it set into a sea of jiggling softness,
He opened his eyes, looking sleepily at the ex-army doctor,
The detective’s torso is still firm and his stomach is still taut... at the top. But the man’s lower belly is soft, and in this kneeling position, Sherlock can feel his usually bony bottom squish softly against his heels, his thickening thigh pressing together
Ginger.
"John, please, that much was obvious from the day we met. I was trying to pinpoint your preferences. An experiment seemed the best method to gather unbiased data," replied Sherlock, his tone oddly low and breathy as he continued to massage and squeeze at his new gut.
He drank down soda, then burped and hiccupped. Ah, Fuck... so fat and tight. His arousal was persistent, but  his belly ached in protest. He ordered another round to go and then caught a cab home. He was a touch early, but that should be alright. He bought some ice cream at the small shop on the corner and then hauled his bags from the cab, still burping lightly, breathing heavily and panting as he hauled himself up the stairs to the flat.
"You-When?" Sherlock breathed, kissing up John's jaw.
He cleared his throat, finally removing his hand so he could return it to the blanket, pressing down his rapidly hardening cock and crossing his legs, letting out a deep, wet belch as he shifted.
"Oh he's gooood," says Moriarty conversationally, popping a few crisps into his mouth. His belly and hips are spilling out over the poor spindly chair he's sat himself in. "See?
He seized meaty handfuls of his flat mate, greedily grabbing at everything he could reach, kissing back wantonly.
"Fuck, you're incredible," He grunted, then began setting up a punishing rhythm, grunting as he pounded into that big cushy arse hard and fast.
The tape clicks off
John must be getting dressed... Did he have to work? Oooo... Jesus, Sherlock's head was pounding
"Oh-John I-hurp-ooh!" Sherlock groaned, pressing the back of his hand to his mouth, his eyes closed.
Maybe... maybe he could break through the soft stuff.
Sherlock bit his lip.
"Sorry, love," John replied with a chuckle. Sherlock was warm, seeming only to grow warmer as he gained a bit of weight. He looked beautiful. The picture of health. But still, as they had discussed, he could always do with a little more.
Well, if Sherlock was busy...
The two piggies roll about, grunting and moaning, kissing the spilled sweets from each other’s softened bodies, exploring each other with eager fingers and tender lips. The dishes rattle as their two soft bodies crash and squash up against each other, bellies kissing and breasts slapping. Finally Mycroft steps in, rapping the table with his knuckles.
Sherlock flushed, only becoming more and more aroused at the teasing
"Don't you?" Teased John, grinning and lowering himself to kiss and mouth at Sherlock's round bloated middle.
"Hm, lucky me," John chuckled, looking at his reflection with less distaste. It really wasn't bad. Just a bit different. And he rather liked how he looked. It was a long step from his days in the army. He looked... comfortable. Happy.
He licked his lips and held out a hand to take Sherlock's.
"Same-hmmph- Same thing next year?" he offered.
"Sher!-Sherlock," John hisses, feeling his heart fold in half as the detective runs off. Oh bloody Hell. Suddenly, every single body in the beds has jolted into an upright position and they're screaming. None of them have faces, just a wall of white flesh but they’re screaming. The doctor falls to his knees, hands clapped over his ears as best as he can while still holding his gun. John suddenly realizes that all the patients, they're all looking to him, screaming at him to help them, save them. Why wouldn't he save them, they needed a doctor, they needed Dr. Watson and he failed them all.
From this angle it looked as if John had...
And then he was gone, slipping easily back into the crowd and out of sight in but a moment.
John jump as the intercom comes on again, that maniac taunting him. If there's one thing John knows, it's not to trust James Moriarty. He takes the fork and tries to gouge a hole in the wall, but the gingerbread seems only to puff up more, filling in the space as soon as he’s made it.
"Really though. Well done." He might as well be honest if they’re going to die in here. John steps cautiously forward. There's still faint scuttling, but its owner seems small or far off.
"Oh," Sherlock said, trying not to sound upset about his flat mate exercising. "I'm sure you can skip one day, perhaps we both need a day to relax, we haven't seen too much of each other lately, what with cases and your promotion." He offered, anything to keep his John sedentary and eating. He munched down his slice, sipping at his tea and taking another
H-He had gotten...truly massive! How had this-OH
He didn't answer. He gorged. He ate and ate, devouring each slice in a single bite, his belly gurgling as it bowed out further.
Sherlock let out another massive belch, his huge belly jiggling wildly, humming at Greg's soft touches
"Yeah, maybe."
"Yes, me stuffing my fat face with truly impressive. I deserve a medal for bravery,” Sherlock says in a biting whisper, but then tips backwards, falling right onto his incredibly soft bottom. His mouth falls open, not because it hurt but because...it didn’t.  Sherlock moves two hands to probe at his bottom and finds… a lot of it. An absurd amount of it. He blinks back tears and tries to get back up, fat gut turning to rolls as he leans forward. His lip quivers.
Sherlock was excited to get Gavin's call about an update in their most recent case. A series of serial robberies - seemingly random break-ins that had left London's upper-class collector's fearful for the disappearance of their antique Russian dolls or their limited edition glass eggplants. The crimes were silly, if the detective was being blunt, but the items were quite valuable to their collectors, and a lot of money could be made off them under the correct circumstances.
John hummed, almost growled, and fell upon the food with a voracious hunger. The noises he made as he stuffed down the bruschetta were indecent, as if he were fucking rather than eating. He moaned and groaned, grunting, his cheeks bulging as he stuffed in more and more. He sucked his fingers clean lewdly and turned shining eyes onto Sherlock. "Next. Question." he purred, taking two steps and crushing Sherlock up against the kitchen counter with his belly. This was fun. and the genitalia of fae wasn't exactly expensive information. He was getting quite the deal.
"Ooh... personal information that. I have met both. lucky you. Though this answer will require two courses."
Sherlock gasped, moaned. His mouth found John's neck, kissing and sucking a mark into the man's cool flesh.
"Greg, Im not sure that's a good idea. Please, no I dont want on-MMPH!"
"You hold him, girls" shouts the siren at the two, slightly smaller ones, "I do love feeding up soldiers, though.” She lunges towards John
Jesus! Everything was so tight, impossibly tight. John felt so full and fat and heavy. A whole pizza. He groaned softly and leaned back, his mind sluggish with overeating.
The doorman.
He took the head in, teasingly, then pulled back, rolling his hips, the flesh jiggling madly against John's cock
"More. More. More for the both of us! Fuck, yes!"
"Er, whatever you want, really. I-I love you whatever size you come in. But this is... this is nice. Just like this," John babbles, feeling his cheeks color as he presses into Sherlock’s side. Sherlock’s big squashy side.
Ok – facts:
"Noticed have you?" John asked, stepping over and reaching down to heft at Sherlock's great belly, groaning softly at the weight of it.
Sherlock shook his head quickly, whining as John's belly expanded out further.
The next thing he knows, Sherlock is hoisted off his feet as if he weighs nothing, which he essentially does, a strong, thick arm closing around his neck. Sherlock kicks and flails his legs, but to no avail.
The scuttle of feet is joined by another pair and Sherlock panics, pulling the two of them through the closest door, slamming it behind them, his heart pounding. They’re in some sort of library, Sherlock moves toward the bookshelf, a delicious looking red velvet cake, and he can’t help but take a finger-full of frosting as he opens a book.
"That doesn't mean you aren't perfect," Sherlock said, rather petulantly. "It means you are all the
“Oh, no- No no! Er, I’m not-Sherlock’s the one who’s gaining. Not me! He’s the pig.”
"Yeah, I think you're right." He hopes he’s right. The detective and the doctor follow the footprints, John leading and keeping his gun steady. There's a flicker of something colorful and he fires a round at it. It squeals and dashes off. A giant gummy bear? John doesn't give it much thought, just pushes on until they reach the door at the end of the long hall.
John’s hand is rough, but warm, and Sherlock finds himself smiling shyly as he’s tugged along, giving small burps and hiccups as the detective’s  stomach digests his "meal."
"Come of it, John. Just... look at him," she said.
John drew a little nearer. "You were... experimenting on me? Figuring out if I liked blokes?"
Sherlock felt dizzy. Sated but aroused, his hands found Johns perfectly spherical middle, rubbing at it.
"Sherlock, stay beside me, do not touch anything. And be on guard," the ex army doctor directs, looking around for a source of danger. He rewinds the tape and presses play again.
The bunnies had pulled up Sherlock’s shirt to further tease and taunt his size, leaving his middle exposed while John pulled out the third one, the one that definitely would have burst the detective’s belly. His gut is bloated beyond belief, red and splotchy near the belly button. The music isn’t playing in the room anymore but it’s still playing in Sherlock’s head. He feels like he’s going to explode, and tears stream down Sherlock’s face as he’s unable to find that rational part of his brain through a haze of pain and fullness.
For a moment, for one brief, shining moment Sherlock beamed. His normally sharp, angry eyes went soft, smile wide and inviting, arms instantly opening for a hug, a small, happy laugh escaping his throat.
John laughed and gave Sherlock’s belly a few pats. “Sorry,” he added, “For getting jealous like that.”
Sherlock looks from John to Moriarty and laughs, "James, 'she eats until she’s full,' and I think after your fat arse, she’s going to be full for a long while."
Sherlock flushed. "I... yes. To put it crudely," he rumbled, sighing as he rubbed along the side of his gut. "Think I ought to cut back, doctor?"
John groaned in response. Another swallow and he might burst. He came wetly against the other man, shuddering and shaking, choking on a belch. He moaned and pulled away, gasping. He barely remembered to to seal the wound, dipping his head and licking away droplets of blood. He was so full, so incredibly swollen with his gorging. His arms trembled and he shifted to his side, collapsing onto it. The mattress creaked in protest. He belly spilled out before him, part of it still resting on Sherlock, heavy and so round it was nearly spherical, the navel stretched tight.
"Just look at us, John" he said, moving closer to the doctor, walking his fingers across the girth of John's waist, his love handles, his over hand grasping a handful of his own creamy gut and shaking it.
"I've...I've thought about this for a long time...If you aren’t ready we can, can just rub bellies but I-" Sherlock swallowed, "I would like us to make love...at...some point." His face went beet red.
"Oh, did you?" asked John, most definitely hard now. He huffed and belched, tugging the blanket into his lap further. "Good. I feel better now," he joked, even as he was certain his eyes went dark with lust. He couldn't see the man's middle sadly, but he imagined it would be round, bulging and full, adorably so.
"What's the case?"
Sherlock cries harder, sniffling and weeping, and the rest of the bunnies make mocking noises and giggle. The chocolate bunny opens his mouth and sticks its head inside.
A small circle of bright, bright light falls on me where he lays. He can't see the walls of the room, has no idea how big it is, but it feels ancient. There's thick dust on the stone floor. He blinks up into the light.
"It looks good on you," John murmured near his lover's ear, his hands smoothing over his lover's hips and backside, "Feels good too."
John had both. And mashed potatoes. And gravy. Macaroni and cheese, cornbread, stuffing, green bean casserole, and sweet potatoes. Sherlock helped himself as well. He passed John a beer and watched him sigh as he resumed eating. It seemed that the first mountainous plateful left John transformed. He hadn't spoken a word since he began, but already he seemed more whole to Sherlock's eyes. The detective found himself preferring silence as well, tasting Mary's food on his tongue. The almost cloying richness of the macaroni and cheese, the creamy gravy, hearty stuffing, sweet cornbread. He remembered sharing this very meal with her. He had been careful to follow the recipes exactly. It was as if she had cooked it up for them herself.
He gave the man's shoulder a squeeze.
"Ha, you're funny," replied John with just a hint of sarcasm. Sherlock sighed.
“Good. Here. Have these.”
"Best be careful, yeah?" John says, eyeing the place dubiously. "Don't touch anything. Let's just see if there's another door."
"What? Sherlock? The man's a railing! And even if he weren't," said John, taking a step closer, "I'd be a touch politer if I were you."
The blue eyes look oddly smug. "Your tiger craved a worthy hunter it seems."
Meanwhile John hand moved back, rolling the cheeks of Sherlock's gigantic arse in his hands, causing each snowy globe to ripple and shift, fall heavily as he dropped them. He growled and leaned down to nuzzle into the soft flesh, licking and kissing, biting ate the soft fat flesh. He unbuttoned his own shirt quickly, did away with his trousers. He dug his fingers nails into that pristine white arse, marking it further as he took another bite and sucked until there was a bruise.
"I'd like that," he said, managing the sentence at his normal tone. He sat down in his usual chair, taking in the spread. "Blimey... you really went with everything."
Moriarty beamed, hurrying out of the car and up the stairs, placing the box on top of the coffee table with a small note
*****
"Want one, Scrooge?" John teased. "Though I expect they'll be better when they're cooled and iced properly."
"Yeah, you did, Sherlock. God, how did that even fit?" he murmurs, just glad to have the man safe. At least for now. "You're amazing." John gives him a bit more of a squeeze. "Saved my life, too. Got us out of that scrap. You're bloody brilliant."
He brought his haul back down with him and started squirreling it away around the sofa, the tape sitting innocently on the cushion before him, waiting.
Well, it wasn't that much.
"Oh God! Just look at him! Sherlock Holmes with a pot belly!" He laughs again, biting into another brownie.
He’s standing - a soldier's posture, strong biceps filling the arms of his jumper. He’s looking about, shrewdly, attempting to discern just where he is. The room in which our hero’s flat-mate stands appears to have one door - large and ornate...again gingerbread - in the back of the room, it’s too dark for John to see without a bit of exploration, but with the contrast on Sherlock’s television he’s able to observe it.
"So were you...serious about... putting on a bit more?" Sherlock asked, blushing lightly
jawline. No, it must be Sherlock's imagination, though the thought did send a wave a heat below his slightly fattened middle.
it. And you."
Sherlock blinked awake, yawning softly then surveying the flat.
“Y-yes Captain! Such a hog! A rude and greedy hog!” Sherlock wailed. Molly felt herself blushing bright red but her feet seemed pasted to the floor.
He swallowed hard, pinned beneath his new lover, heady with happiness.
"Sherlock! Just hang on!" John can hear whimpering. He needs to get to Sherlock. Now.
"So true! We won't get fat off one day,” Sherlock purred, bringing up a slice, then offering it before John's lips, "For some reason I assumed you'd enjoy meat-lovers, prove me right?" He teased.
And John would make full use of each one.
John hummed in approval, wetting his lips and rolling down Sherlock's pants. He kissed the pale round skin underneath, then set about preparing Sherlock with one hand, his other slipped over to the plate for more biscuits.
He looked over,
Sherlock watched the video to completion, mouth dry, legs firmly crossed, having taking in none of the background as his brain exploded with arousal, imagining such a fit man giving in to gluttony, swelling larger and larger until his abs turned to fat and then until his chair simply snapped.
John Watson is in his element.
Sherlock froze in the doorway. Trapped by fear and lust, he walked in almost against his better judgment. John was truly massive. Sherlock’s hands itched to explore every inch of his massive, flowing form. So hard and dangerous, so soft and pliant. He was handsome, almost devilishly so, and Sherlock’s first instinct was to suck in his fat little tummy, but to no avail.
"What?" Sherlock asked, flushing slightly.
*****
As their bellybuttons kissed, so did Sherlock furiously kiss his John. Nibbling and sucking on the man's bottom lip before hungrily exploring his mouth, the detective's plump hands latching onto the soldier's love handles, reaching down to squeeze and lifting each perfect cheek of that perfect ass.
Greg looked at the box sadly, then jumped up, grunting and stumbling a moment. His eyes widened as he took in the pile of takeaway boxes outside his office.
"Jesus John, you..." The detective let out a groan.
The music turns loud enough to hurt his ears, and his fingers drop the delight into his open mouth. The detective coughs and sputters a bit, but then the flavor of the treat explodes in his mouth. Pure joy and love and wonder all rush through his body, and he lets out a groan, his knees weakening with pleasure.
"Come on then, Tiger, back home, I’ve a big meeting tomorrow, and we haven’t much time to waste" He grinned, hurrying back down the stairs
"Sh-Sherlock,” John warns.
There, struggling and kicking its small, stubby limbs at the detective holding it, is a child-sized gummy bear, red as blood.
"Hm, come on then you great lump. Up!" He slapped Sherlock's arse and marched to his side of the desk, arms folded.
Sherlock's heart dropped.
His appetite had groan voraciously over the past few weeks, able to eat more and more. His arms had gone soft and jiggling, his pectorals more like soft mounds of fat than rippling muscle. And he had a true and proper gut. Luckily, his face had only softened a little so it was able to be hidden under looser clothing. Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed. Or at least he hadn’t said anything.
He took another long drink of wine.
"It's too dark to see anything, but I'm guessing trying to follow Moran's tracks is as good a plan as any," he murmurs, clearing his throat as well and straightening now that Sherlock is back to his usual
"I'm sure it would have happened anyway, Sherlock," John replied, looking up from the detective's belly to meet his eyes. Then he grinned, "This is just hitting fast forward." Then he reached up and captured the man's plump lips in a kiss.
"It's all...all this...all you?" The detective breathed, licking his lips, cock hardening rapidly as he stroked the doctor's sides.
John growled happily and pressed into Sherlock as far as he could go, his belly resting heavily on the man's back. Then he pulled out again and slid in more quickly, building up a rhythm until he was pounding into Sherlock, his belly shaking and jiggling with the motions, his fingers digging into the detective's pale hips for purchase, admiring the few extra pounds that had crept onto the bones there.
Moriarty's chair creaks as he reaches his arm out for the rest of his chocolate milk shake.
In the control room, vivid blue, uncaring eyes stare at a seething Moriarty
Even if he was curious to try to fill himself with as much Pad Thai as he possibly could, just to see how round his gut could get if he just let himself go. And go.
John jolted up as he heard Sherlock call out to him. He hurriedly made sure he was covered by the blanket and stuffed all the empty wrappings and bags between the cushions. He muffled a burp as he looked up.
"Mm... so would I, love. But I can hardly move," John murmured, nibbling along Sherlock's jaw. His hand slid down beneath Sherlock's belly, encircling his cock and starting to pump it slowly. "This okay?"
The boys share a couple of large pizzas and continue to attempt to hide their new gains from each other.
A voice comes over the intercom again.
"Shh, it's okay. I won't let them hurt you," John murmurs, eyes now back in line with Sherlock’s. "I've got you. Just try to relax, okay."
Sherlock panted, whining
His arms reached around John as much as they could, fondling the man's back in sheer, animalistic desperation.
"Oh, I'd love to see that," he said, still rubbing his own soft belly idly. He too reached over to play with Sherlock's belly.
"Alright. You having one too," he asked, though it didn't sound like a question, more like a request bordering on an order.  He picked up a slice of toast and spread a generous amount of butter over it and then coated it heavily with jam. John held it out as Sherlock returned.
Sherlock squealed and moaned at the treatment, only just beginning to realize how large he'd become
A cockroach leaps at him and the doctor snarls and slams his pistol into its face. The others click and close in. John slams his shoulder furiously into the door again, fires two shots at two cockroaches that jump at him, then whirls around, panting. “Sherlock!”
The result was that just a little over an hour later, Sherlock was collapsed back against the sofa, feeling so very full and fat and heavy. He groaned and put a trembling hand on his middle, rubbing the rounded mass. Then he huffed and undid his trouser button. He let out a soft exhalation, his head tipping back. Then he belched loudly. It was followed by a chuckle that wasn't his own.
"You should watch this again, on your own time, then we'll have both seen it four times, compare mental notes," he said, trying to get the tape away from him. He shouldn’t have taken the blasted thing. He was Sherlock Holmes! No sex, no masturbation, no food - no nothing!
"You're-you're fine," John says, swallowing, "We'll get out of this... and er. Get you some new trousers."
"I.. huff-I can help," he insisted, wheezing. He groaned as John grabbed his overhanging gut and jiggled it. "Oh Christ..."
He chuckled low in his throat and his massive belly hopped and bounced. His eyes trailed hungrily over the younger man's body, softly swollen with an easy, rich life. Decadent softness just where he liked it. Soft. Biteable.
He grunted and reached under the blanket to undo them, gasping as he felt his belly round a little further. He felt... good. Heavy, well fed. Content. He rubbed at his belly, imagining it as big as those on the video. He groaned and shoved down more, eating until he felt a bit sick from all the sugar and salt and grease.
Maybe the detective, would, maybe he wouldn't, either way it'd drive him mad enough to at least
"You... hmm, don't mind?" John murmured, his breathing becoming rather heavy as Sherlock slipped a finger into his navel and began circling it slowly, tugging at the walls, probing it slowly to gauge the new depth it had gained.
Molly wasn’t the only one who took advantage of this new insight into Sherlock Holmes. One day when she was having lunch with Greg Lestrade, Molly let it slip that the key to managing Sherlock was a firm commanding reprimand followed by food. She had been giggling about it when she noticed that Greg suddenly looked thoughtful. Sure enough, the very next time Sherlock came in after visiting a crime scene, he was sporting powdered sugar around his lips and a full belly.
"What about that blonde then, the one you were just speaking to?"
But the curly-haired detective was having difficulty...focusing.
! I just need more of these!" He jammed the treat into his mouth with a moan
The ex army doctor’s, the soldier’s, new adversaries are scuttling over the candy furniture, squeaking and clicking, their jaws open and menacing. John takes aim. And fires.
, and Jim had certainly enjoyed the show
“Oh? And what are our guests going to eat?” John teased, mouthing gently at Sherlock’s soft jawline.
John swallowed too, then quickly straightened up and pulled his bathrobe around himself more closely, worried that Sherlock might have caught a glimpse of the growing belly that was peeking out between his pajamas. He had just eaten rather a lot of cookie dough. Again...
He let his eyes slip shut and his imagination take over as he replayed the video, his finger trailing down to play with his puffed up navel, spreading over the bulge...
“Not that I don’t love being fucked against the wall, but may I ask what brought this on?” he asked, tone low and lazy, eyes still shut.
And one taste was all it took. At least, Jim assumed, in seeing two of his 130 pound lab techs blow up enough to pop out of their coats. It just took one, tiny drop to get them addicted enough to eat themselves
"Er," he said quickly, burping as he seized a slice of Sherlock's pizza, "Thanks." He offered Sherlock more, willing himself not to blush, not to moan, not to shift away too sharply from Sherlock's touch. What if he was found out?
John smirked.
He was as big as the former-model in the video now, and he intended to re-create the scene.
"Come on, Johnny boy, I know you're slow, but even you should have worked this out. Gingerbread. Eat!"
John let out a deep hungry growl.
Sherlock didn’t have the time to reach out a hand and take the carton, so he just dipped his head into the trough of food and dug in, his gut pressing further into the floor, round ass ballooning behind him. He pulled his head up with a grunt, getting to his knees, huffing and puffing, managing to get his now, essentially nude body over to Greg.
The rational part of the detective’s brain knows he can swallow this one and possibly survive, but any more and he’ll... pop.
John's eyes widened.
Sherlock moaned lightly, biting his lip as John prepared to stretch him
A skeleton sits languidly in one of the chocolate Jacuzzis, there's an army pack next to it.
The house seems to resettle; pleased in a dark way by Sherlock’s dismissal of its puzzle as something the great detective didn’t want.
"He's not yours," John growls, staring daggers at the woman-this thing, "Sherlock, come on."
John stared at his visitor a moment then broke into a booming laugh, smiling genuinely at the man, though not releasing his hand.
"H-help me up, John, then lead the way."
His waistcoat strained and bulged, the buttons tight against their holes, the fabric skin tight against a great round orb of belly and the subtle swell of soft tits behind it.
He sat down next to Sherlock and helped himself to pizza, looking over at Sherlock warmly as the man ate.
“J-Jawn,” Sherlock whimpers around it, the fullness in the man’s belly rapidly becoming painful.
. A proper belly. On John. Wow.
Moriarty is furious.
It’s... opulent.
John blinks.
Once the whole Magnussen business had come to a close, Mary dropped the phony accent though she happily kept her new name. She proved to have grown up American and was content to leave her darker past behind her. Sherlock and John had some trouble trusting her again at first, particularly John. Sherlock did his best to help the two rebuild their trust. Mary's new more content, care-free, attitude at last melted through the last of John's reservations. In time, the three of them settled into their new life together (the baby having been another ruse).
John feels his heart hammer, but he shakes his head, squares his shoulders. "You're just another trick, Moran. You got locked up. Dishonorable discharge."
"I'll be on the sofa, re-organizing my ash samples. If you need me - don't need me," he spat out, stomping over to the sofa and settling into a deep sulk.
"So, we're just laying low?" John asked, nursing his beer, "For how long? I'm not going to be much use to you if this goes on too long."
He felt his stomach growing rounder and rounder, now pushing against his jumper, his abs stretching around the mass in his middle.
When he returned, John was speaking with a tall blonde woman in a tight black dress. She was smiling, and John was clearly the cause, however, she soon walked away to buy a drink as well. Sherlock was astonished. A tall, busty blonde. Wasn't that supposed to be the pinnacle of male fantasy? He glowered and went to rejoin John.
Sherlock gave in.
Sherlock sulked visibly during the entire cab ride home, but John didn’t pay him any mind. That hot sickish feeling was still roiling deep beneath his six pack of abs. The captain waited for Sherlock to leave the cab, to pant up the steps, to get inside their flat, then he pounced. John crushed Sherlock’s now much larger and much softer figure up against the wall, grinding his hips into that big fat arse.
Sherlock, having a touch more room to spare dug in with gusto and cut himself another larger slice of the pumpkin pie before John had finished his own portion. Sherlock felt his stomach groaning and straining against his buttons as it bloated with all the food. He undid them, a soft pop accompanying each one as it sprang away from the hole. He rubbed at the pale belly that blorped forward, walking two fingers along it wonderingly even as he ate more of the pie. Dessert had always been his favorite after all.
He'd wanted to scope out his idiotically massive brother, specifically the way he treated Sherlock’s former bodyguard, now the human version of an overfed golden retriever, Greg Lestrade.
John sat back to catch his breath, watching as Sherlock rucked up his shirt further and rubbed at his belly a bit more.
"I...y-Yes. Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes." He said, trying to smile, looking over the miles and miles of enormous, gorgeous blonde before him, imagining tasting every inch of his lard, his hands spreading the man's monstrous arse and-
He stepped closer. A deep breath would have his belly brushing Sherlock's slim figure.
John shuddered and reached for a packet of biscuits, munching them down without thinking.
"Overdid it, eh?" asked John, coming over and sitting down beside him.
Sherlock smiled at the offer.
"I decided that the moment I saw you," Sherlock smiled, leaning back into John.
Greg gives him a look. John has trouble placing it. Is it… pity? No it looks too fond, like-
"I... Mummy and Mycroft never explained away Father Christmas. I thought I understood the logic behind it... and then one year," Sherlock sighed, "I made a big show of what he'd brought me in school. I don't remember what year, but I was much too old to be believing in him, I'm sure. They..." Sherlock cleared his throat, escaping John's arms.
“I-I don’t know what you’re talking about,” John snaps, his heart racing, “I’m the-Sherlock’s not-“ Fortunately, John’s blabbering response is cut short by a single deep syllable.
“Molly…” Sherlock rumbled, giving her just the right look. But she would not melt today.
Sherlock almost exploded at John's comment, slowing feeding him the slice, almost whimpering at the very mention of those words.
The lowest button on Sherlock’s shirt flies off, hitting John square in the forehead.
The music seems to be getting louder as John walks through the dim hallway. His eyes have adjusted, but there's little to see. There's a door up ahead, though, so John walks carefully towards it, gun still poised at the ready. It seems forever away, as if all his walking isn't bringing it any closer. Frustrated, he breaks into a jog. Then finally, when the doctor is panting and gasping, he reaches the door. John peers in through the glass window and sees another sugary colorful room. And there's someone in there.
John smiled and pulled out a large two-liter bottle of soda from the bag along with a pint of the fancy French vanilla bean ice cream Sherlock liked and some crispy wafers.
"O-ow! Jawn, oww!"  he groans, "Make it stop! Plea-please make it stop!" Sherlock tries to throw up again, but nothing comes out, some part of the magic of the house keeping food in the detective’s massively overfilled tummy.
"Children can be quite cruel," he concluded, slipping away into the living room, sitting on the sofa and hugging a pillow.
"Hmm?" He murmured, questioning what the man wanted
Sherlock's eyes went wide, shimmering with emotion. Part of his brain screamed, "This could be a burglar! A hired gun!" but the overwhelming part of him felt only a flood of childhood innocence he didn't know he still had within him.
Sherlock freezes as he enter the kitchen, where John lays passed out on the floor, his usual tea-mug shattered. Warm, dark tea drippling in a puddle toward the shoulder of his flat mate’s tan, cuddly jumper
"The amount of times you've let me prattle on about bees and honey. The month you let me think we were actually going to keep them in the flat?" He laughed, standing and muffling a small belch, moving to get two more teas, returning and finishing his slice, lost in the memories of his best friend....so many of which seemed to revolved around food.
"W-we should keep moving."
"They'll adore you. Or I'll be forced to disown them."
Sherlock needed someone to bounce ideas off of, someone to argue with. John was busy, having yelled at his long-term boyfriend that morning about inappropriate work calls. Sherlock had been bored, and he and John had never tried phone sex, how was he supposed to know John was in a conference call and "I'd very much like to suck your cock"  is not the correct way to begin!?
"Hadn't thought of just asking me?" said John, with a bit of a grin. His eyes were most certainly following the progress of Sherlock's hand though. Ah, and there was that twitch of the fingers. Excellent progress.
Sherlock pushes open the door lightly, the loud, now-overly happy music following him into the hallway. In almost a daze, the great detective puts on an innocent, childish smile and reaches for the tray.
"Straight to business. Fair enough. Smart one, aren't you? OR maybe..." he inhaled again, and seemed to expand before Sherlock's very eyes, new rolls folding at his sides, his belly rounding and sinking lower, navel deepening. "Maybe I'm just not big enough for you?" he said, sounding sad, rubbing both hands over his gargantuan gut.
Sherlock froze.
Several hundred tiny, naked Sherlocks were swarming an enormous, tanned John in his mind. Each of their Cupid's big lips worshipping another inch, another centimeter of the massive jiggling mound of man before him.
“Come here,” John growled, tucking his chin down, beckoning with his fingers as he set the box down on the exam table. Sherlock waddled over from the other side of the room obediently. Molly blinked, unable to believe her eyes. Waddle was exactly the right word. The almost inhuman paleness of his skin had become flushed and pink The usually impeccable curls were a mess, the hard cold eyes were huge and dark, the firm line of his mouth was gone.. Instead the man’s lips were parted, his tongue wetting them as he crossed the room. And it wasn’t Sherlock’s normal powerful stride, his steps were slow and hesitant, almost lazy, his stance wide to balance the pale bloated belly arching out over the hem of his trousers. If Molly had been in disbelief before, she was now certain that she was experiencing some sort of hallucination. Sherlock Holmes looked pregnant. His belly was distended quite heavily from under his slender rib cage. His belly fought visibly with the buttons of his shirts, skin squashing out between them, his navel looking stretched and tight.
Sherlock sits, helpless and afraid, staring at the two of them.
He held open the door, "Shall we?" He asked, voice slightly rough.
Sherlock Holmes wanted to ask the dark creature some...questions.
He arched his back, biting his lip to keep from combusting with arousal.
“Oi, don't knock the man that kept my neck from being broken," John replies tartly. He takes Sherlock’s hand and squints at the footprints.
Pleasure pulsed through him. He came in an instant, then he was hard again, awash in pure ecstasy.
"Ho, ho, ho," he laughed deeply, his round belly jiggling, "Merry Christmas, Sherlock!"
"Chubbing up are we? That’s a good boy," she smiles again, "But it seems you gain more
The detective sits down next to a marshmallow tent and plants his hands to his hand, struggling to just get back to Sherlock, the rude, crass, asshole detective.
John notices that Sherlock has snapped back to normal and he pulls his hands from the man’s belly quickly. He helps haul Sherlock to his feet, feeling the detective’s new belly brush against his own toned one. The two of them are suddenly quite close.  John steps back.
"You're fat," Sherlock returned, waiting on the bed on all fours, gut hanging lower, brushing the covers as he crawled across them, settling down across from John, gut pouring out before him, wide hips arching up into the air.
He had discovered his kink, and now it was almost constantly wriggling at the back of his mind. He ate heavily at every meal that he could risk it, reveling when Sherlock was at Bart's or giving testimony, and just going whole hog, glutting, gorging, stuffing himself until he could do no more than collapse against the sofa, hiccuping. His runs became cab rides to the nearest bakery or sandwich shop where he would chow down on big beefy sandwiches or rich doughnuts, humming contentedly as his belly swelled out against his workout clothes.
I hope you all enjoyed this tale! We certainly had a ball writing it! Here's to, hopefully, future works!
It was... no. No it couldn't be! The detective's mouth fell open.
“Sherlo-Piggy, that’s yours,” John corrects him mildly, blinking in confusion at the greasy bacon butty, dripping with extra butter, that is now presented before his lips. He wets them and leans in before he quite realizes it and hurriedly pulls back. His tongue screams for a taste of the fat and salt, the perfectly crisp bun.
"What the hell, I’m already fat, a few more for the man I love can’t hurt." He leans in to kiss John again
"Shame I never considered eating interesting before, this might have happened sooner," murmured the detective, leaning into John's affections.
He wriggled his fat arse. "Another course?"
"I took the liberty of inviting Greg over for Christmas, I assumed it was alright with you," Sherlock smiled, "I should've checked, though, did you want Harry coming? I know things are still a bit rough in her social life"
"Hm, then maybe love is blind after all," says Moran, his hand moves to draw his own pistol, he's too quick and now they’re at a standoff. His other hand still dangles the sweet cotton over Sherlock’s mouth.
"'lo," yawned Sherlock, shifting so that he could sit up a bit more. His belly, soft, pale, and round slid onto his thighs, the covers slipping down to reveal two soft pectorals and thickly padded shoulders. He was so warm now, always comfortable, and the fact that John enjoyed this as well, that the doctor caressed him so gently, so reverently... Well, Sherlock should have gotten fat a long time ago. Pity really. He had missed out on quite a lot of excellent cakes and sweets in the past.
There is a panel in this room, one that opens a door. Sherlock scans the room and finds it almost immediately. He snaps out of his mind palace, sugar and saccharine happiness still pumping through him. He looks at John, seeing only animalistic rage as the soldier beats a bunch of monstrous imps.
John bit back a soft whine. Sherlock's hand was still... Christ. Fuck.
And so he did. He fed John the last of the half dozen spring rolls as the man plowed through what must have been nearly a pound of noodles. He watched John's belly grow and swell, rounding out and forcing his jumper further up his chest. The faint lines of his abdominal muscles were gone, stretched into a bloated ball of a gut thanks to the doctor's gluttony. Sherlock watched John's hand explore the new curve with jealousy, his own fingertips itching to probe the mass for himself. But he resisted. He doubted John would be amiable to his touch. Instead he found his friend a drink to make all those noodles go down more easily. John did appreciate that. He gulped down the soda and let out a long belch that seemed to rattle the dishes in their cupboards.
"I know what you like, more subtle sweetness. I always knew you bought something just to tempt me when it was an oversugared nightmare," Sherlock chuckled, smothering a piece with butter once he finished the strawberry slice, complimenting John on his choice for him.
"Sherlock Holmes, will you marry me?"
Sherlock chuckles, "I hope so…”
But suddenly there's a very beautiful woman standing before them, barring the way.
Sherlock arched his back, his slim, though not quite
John goes back to the bundle on the floor and withdraws in shock. It’s a soldier's uniform, dusty as the floor, the head in the helmet only a grinning skull. John swallows and rolls his unfortunate predecessor over, rummaging in his pockets for clues about how he could avoid that same fate. He is certainly in a war zone, and somehow he has little doubt that Sherlock’s here too.
The place was a pigpen. Bloated swollen officers lay left and right, burping or groaning as mountainous bellies gurgled. He felt the strangest urge to prod them each one by one, grab handfuls of the fat.
Sherlock only purred at John's comment, a bit confused as to how John's belly stayed so flat even after an entire XL pizza, his own reason obvious, blood rushing southward as he felt John's tummy - even flat it as beautiful, so long as it as John's he wanted to kiss it and nibble it and-
"I...well," Sherlock accepted the sweet treat, he hadn't had Christmas cookies in... The flavor exploded in his mouth, and Sherlock gave a wide, happy smile, letting out a soft moan. The detective blushed, coughing lightly.
“Ay?”
The lights dim enough that John can see again. It looks like- he blinks. A hospital tent. Rows and rows of beds made up of marshmallow and candy cane. There are bodies in each one.
The most interesting things, however, was the fact that these items weren’t turning up on the black market. None of Sherlock's contacts had noted any odd sales, so it would appear this man was merely stealing for sport. So to have any new news was fantastic. But this was... Unexpected seemed the correct word.
*****
They left the scene an hour or so later, Sherlock munching on yet another doughnut as a reward for a case well solved. His stomach gurgled.
Sherlock and John still left some of Mary's things around the flat, her set of cookware in the kitchen for instance as she had been scandalized to see the meager collection John had managed to keep from Sherlock's experiments. Her favorite books were still on the shelves and her picture stayed on their bedside table, smiling encouragingly for them to get on with their lives. Mary had helped bring them together. Sherlock and John owed her immensely for that.
John huffed a small laugh, and Sherlock knew it was there to try to steady the ex army doctor's emotions.
"I think we have some left over take away in the refrigerator," Sherlock added quickly. "I could get it if you li-"
*****
"I-I’m...
There was a faint thumping noise and the two broke away.
Sherlock kissed back with equal hunger.
"And what about you, hog? How exactly did that fit body go to pot?" he purred breathily, taking up the burger and moving it to John's lips, scooting closer.
*******
But his ass, oh his ass, was the crown jewel of his weight gain
*****
Sherlock prodded his own stomach lightly as he walked toward the living room to answer a few more cases, finding just a touch of softness there, perhaps more than a touch. John's stews seemed to be having an effect. But wasn't holiday weight normal? Sherlock popped another cookie into his mouth as he settled down with his laptop. Perhaps Christmas wasnt so terrible after all.
"Thank you. Gravy might be a touch too salty-"
"God yeah," John growled. He fetched a spoon, then scooped up the dropped bags, his arse wriggling in the air, belly flopping against his thighs. Then he hurried after Sherlock, his eyes following every movement of those plush hips. He grabbed a hold of them again, practically purring and kissed the back of Sherlock's shoulders.
"Perfect," he breathed, spent, heady with pleasure, drunk and filled on the other man's appetites.
"Mer kissmas," he giggled, yawning sleepily, then blinked, hurrying up and following John to the kitchen.
"Sounds fantastic," said John cheerfully, even as his trousers dug even harder into his middle as he let his stomach round out behind the table. He reached down and undid the button as well. Oh that was loads better.
It could be anyone but that coat is hard to misplace.
"Finally," he drawled, "The Great Mystery of John Watson's Taste in Men: Solved."
Also, eating sends Sherlock spiraling back into that small version of himself, so this plan might not work, but he just needs to focus - Save John. Save John.
“I-yes, ca- yes, Molly,” Sherlock responded, dipping his head slightly in submission, eyes slipping to his shoes. “Sorry to have bothered you.”
John purred, drawing flabby arms around his prize. He kissed him sweetly.
Sherlock ate more and more, as much as he could, now honestly enjoying his feasts in public, the way his corset caused him to belch and hiccup, feeling even fatter as his gut was squashed so tightly in, round bottom looking only a tad fuller thanks to a tight pair of compression shorts - the fact that the pants were made for athletes only pushing him to further ecstasy as he imagined John swelling up beside him, the former solider bursting from his uniform, squealing and grunting as Sherlock handfed his favorite hog, opening his own mouth until they were the fattest pigs in all of London. Two magnificent, squealing hogs, barely able to reach one another around their mountainous guts, mouths hungrily finding rolls, sucking and teething sensitive nibbles, chubby fingers slipping into navels, exploring between cheeks...
He pulled a cake over and tore it in half, feeding himself with one hand and proffering the other to Sherlock's lips.
"Pick up some ice cream on your way home?" Sherlock asked, leaning against the wall in the hall.
Sherlock grinned widely.
"Ah good, not a man to waste time I see." He smiled again, the firelight glinting on his teeth.
John blinked and Sherlock chuckled, the sound rumbling up from deep in his cavernous belly.
Greg grunted and tried to roll onto his side, huffing and reaching with thickened fingers for his next carton.
"Hmph, ate them away. Speaking of, what happened to Sherlock Holmes the skeletal detective? Hmm? Looks like you ate him... twice," John teased, chuckling and now slipping his hands over those soft plush hips to grope at that glorious arse, hefting each doughy sphere of fat, humming as the flesh bounced.
Sherlock had meant to jump straight to the point.
Jim dug in ferociously, stomach swelling on his small frame, "More! More!"
Also:
"I'll admit, I've been less observant than I like to think possible of myself, but it did prove an interesting experiment," Sherlock continued.
"Nah, I'll go," John mumbled. He planted a hand on the table and hefted himself up with a low groan, his bloated belly arching out proudly in front of him as he waddled to the refrigerator. Sherlock crossed his legs. He should leave. Lusting over his straight flatmate- being in love with him perhaps- was one thing. Sitting in close quarters with an erection and encouraging his drunk flatmate to stuff himself to bursting was something entirely different. Sherlock Holmes was a bad, bad man. He chewed the inside of his cheek as John returned and collapsed back into his chair. The good doctor flipped the lid off a large container of chow mein and tucked in without further ado.
He swallowed and wriggled down a bit further, watching the program. His mind was clearly elsewhere however.
Sherlock was frustrated. As far as he could tell, despite the man's constant proclamations of "Not gay!", there was plenty of data to support alternate theories as to John's sexuality. He'd even succeeded in getting John drunk and wheedled a couple of confessions out of him. He'd called Harry who was surprisingly amiable to sharing. So the data was clear. John had taken interest in both male and female partners. Several times. But then, why never Sherlock? He'd admitted his admiration often enough, always praising his prowess at cases (Which was admittedly awe-inspiring), but never anything... more. He must be missing something. He had to be. Wasn't it said that familiarity bred admiration? That was how he'd fallen for John after all, but the response had not been identical. He needed more concrete data, maybe to formulate an experiment rather than a simple observational study.
