“Sir, your order has just arrived and is on its way up,” JARVIS interjected in that moment and as if on que, Peter’s stomach rumbled.
“We got incoming.” Tony warned the nervous looking officers before looking down at Mckenzie Walsh and her would be rescuer. The girl stared back up at him, tearful eyes glazed with shock.
But on the other, real friendship was so much more complicated, so much more unexpected. It wasn't just the product of two people sharing space, or common goals even, it was a million moments of peeking behind the curtain, seeing the bests and the worsts, and sticking together despite all.
“No. But I could see my way toward kissing you with it.” Steve answered, and when he was close enough to get ahold of he didn’t waste any time wrapping his arms around the man’s waist. Tony wasn’t a dame but Steve wasn’t such a small guy anymore and Tony just fit really nicely in his arms. He’d be too embarrassed to say so out loud but he liked the way that Tony had to lean up just that slight bit when they kissed.
Turning away from him Jena jabbed the button to call for the elevator and Tony swallowed, thinking over what she’d said. He didn’t know if he’d ever be in a position not to resent the woman who could let her child suffer neglect and abuse, but those were demons he faced every time he looked into his own past and thought of his own poor mother.
It's one of those fancy shindigs that the government throws for good press, and so that the rich and famous can feel good about the fat checks they're going to write that night and look fabulous while doing it.
He listened as Tony described the center as a privately owned and privately funded rescue community for Gata. He watched the wonder and excitement on all of their faces when he explained that the teachers, doctors, therapists and disciplinary enforcement would all come from gata like them perhaps even some of the adults listening in the room right now. They wouldn't be a drain on government recourses because they would play a role in sustaining their own community through farming and trade.
But anyway, the point. The point was now he was programed with the world’s most annoying regenerative virus so he was back to square one.
“It’s frustrating. Cint was right about him being a ghost story. All we’ve found so far are threads.” Steve grumbled, his frustration and sadness calling to Tony. It was harder than ever these days to ignore the urge to bond.
She realized slowly that she was just as afraid as he was, though for different reasons than she was yesterday. Because Tony is right about this too: she hates the thought of the pride with an intensity that frightens her. Because that desire to sink her teeth and rip, to draw blood before she lets any of them any closer is her weakness and her greatest protection.
He watched with the others as the lights dimmed, unsure what to expect as JARVIS began a projection show and Tony began to talk again.
“In plain speak, everything our brains can do on their own, following the bond they’ll also be able to do with a partner or partners. In fact the data says polyamory is encouraged.” Tony explained with a waggle of his eyebrows. “Please let the record show, that while the host brain still retains primary control over the host body, this does open up interesting avenues for manipulation and possible mind control. Also note that a natural process of sharing lower brain functions among partnered brains encourages life-long proximity for those bonded. Missing your partners will now literally make it harder for you to live boys and girls, it’s not just a sad song.”
Tony’s eyes flicked over to where T’Challa was standing with Nakia. It wasn’t just Tony’s technology he’d recognized in the security footage. The prince had remained silent through the debriefing, his expression even now stoic and unreadable, but it was in the eyes really. Those dark eyes with their flecks of color were soaking it all in, missing nothing.
“On Asgard, when I drank the broth I felt something waking up in my head. I told myself everyone must be feeling the same way. My visions that night were vivid. They felt more like memories than dreams. I saw the day they killed him and froze his body in ice. Not through my eyes but his. They skipped around. Time wasn’t linear, but I was still looking through his eyes when they woke him up and even though logic said it had to have been some time before he was killed… his agony was unmistakably keen. The strength of his grief made me wonder.
He wasn’t about to give Barnes the chance to attack and put him on the defensive. The enhanced kat was extremely strong, and even though the suit could keep up, Tony knew it would be a mistake to give the winter soldier even that slight advantage. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a red streak, but didn’t dare take his eyes off of Barnes, or the wicked throwing stars he seemed to pull out of nowhere to fling with the speed of light.
He’ll never bring a kid into this kind of uncertainty, so it doesn’t matter that allowing these little fur balls to climb all over him and invade his space was the only thing to give him relief in days, or how right the smell, or how much some ignored part of his biological imprint just lights up and aches when he thinks about abandoning their pile of warm little bodies.
“Agent Romanov, Nakia and Onsa, you have all unfortunately fallen into the lave pit. This ends your time on the field. Please make your way to the observation booth for refreshments.” Tony heard JARVIS instructing the fallen. He didn’t know what to make of the strange surge of elation he felt, confirming that T’Challa had found a safe perch and was still in the game. Just excitement for the challenge, he decided. He’d have been disappointed really if the sacrifice with the bridge would have taken them all out.
"Lovers? Jesus you sound like a bodice ripper." He sneered. "We had a fling. The best fling of his natural born life, but a fling nonetheless."
Tony is not three anymore but it’s only here in these memories that he can admit… that even if he could set his father’s memory on fire, he’d still want to lay down and burn with them.
Steve blinked, startled, glancing down to find Natasha at his elbow and had to quickly avert his eyes again because they’d landed on the wealth of creamy skin she had on display in that low-cut dress. Those equally low hanging sparkly shoulder straps looked pretty, but seemed to him designed to do little more than decorate her arms and bring the eye to the swell of her breasts… which artistly speaking were presented to their best advantage. He could appreciate that. Nothing wrong with it. But it was rude to stare and like some horny kid who’d never seen a dame before his eyes had just sort of gone there.
“Until we’ve got a handle on the situation with AIM I want round the clock security, and not the usual SHIELD yahoos Fury likes to throw at me Coulson. You guys know my procedures. Personal interviews. Full background check. I want to know what size their first booties were and when they lost their milk teeth.”
“Where’s Stark?” Steve asked, a step behind where Stark was concerned (as usual), already switching on his com. link to ask the man himself.
“Don’t kid yourself Steve, you were sick of me. Was probably easier for me to go when I did. That way there was nothing stopping you from shacking up with Carter. The house, the kids. Everything you’d have to give up to stick with me.”
Tony paused, looking at him expectantly. Peter’s head was spinning. Did he like it? Peter couldn’t tell. Tony moved and talked even faster in person than he did on the TV.
It’s funny. You used the term wild animals. I’ll admit Zoology isn’t what I got my PHD in so forgive me if this seems like an over simplification, but how many turkeys have you met in the wild who knew how to put on a suit. I mean besides General Ross.
“She’s walking into the bookstore.” He announced nodding to where their target was walking into a store across the mall. “Get into your positions.”
Steve crossed the remaining distance between them and stood just behind Tony’s chair as the fel slowly swiveled to face him, unable to hide the pain this close. His eyes were red, like he might have been crying ealier and Steve growled (at himself of all things) and pulled the slighter man into a hug. Tony was tense in his arms but he allowed it.
“Hey Cap.” Tony was careful to keep his tone easy but announce himself clearly. He didn’t want to startle Steve in this kind of state.
“A lot of innocent people die.” Jaime answered in a far calmer tone, his hand coming to rest over hers again. “Including Uncle Tony, which means the end of the Pride.”
Tugging Stark and the Captain aside, Thor ignored the pressing stare coming from his parents to impart one last urgent piece of advice.
“Steve, this is a practice match. There’s a net right below her-” Tony tried, but he should have known that wasn’t going to fly with Steve.
It was silver and blue, strung delicately with precious stones. It climbed up her throat and draped almost lovingly over her shoulders in glistening threads. It swept across the top of her bared breasts to flow just between them where a large shimmering stone sat in the center of her chest, appearing to hold the ornate collar and the shimmery fabric of her skirts together.
For a blip in time they agreed to a mutual blindness of each other’s greatest faults and cannibalistic tendencies, agreeing to enjoy the best of each other. It was the madness of Alice, and that was why she'd been taught that love was for children, because only a child put faith in such willful fantasy.
“Dr. Cho is right. Time is not on our side.” T’Challa snapped, moving hastily around the tubes to carefully place his hands upon what bare skin of Tony’s chest was available. “We need to slow his heart and overwhelm the virus. Dr. Banner, up the dosage of the sedative, Dr. Cho, increase the distribution of the serum.”
The soldier is a shattered mirror. His mind nothing but jagged parts held together by grace, the slightest shift in gravity would be his undoing. He needs recalibrating. This is a fact. A fact he knows. But he resists. He walks up to the mirror and he observes.
So the pile of kits who had claimed his stomach and legs as the resting spot of the day were fairly unidentifiable.
“Look at the timeline. I took Natasha and he started jumping around in your heads. I’m betting good money he’s not going to take it lying down when I try and take you. Which is fine, we need him awake if we’re going to find him… but this is new territory.” Tony warned, bunching his hand in Steve’s shirt. He didn’t want to think about all the things that could go wrong, playing tug-of-war in Steve’s mind but he had to.
The soldier isn’t always their handler. He is like a ghost, sometimes disappearing for months and years at a time and Madame has others teach them while he is gone. Each time he returns he does not seem to remember them but they do not mind this. There is a connection between them so strong that no matter how little Ivan (Nikoli, Patrik, Alexi, whatever name he goes by this time around) remembers he seems to know they belong to him.
Probably because he knew when Tony was truly flustered or indignant all the hair on his body, especially his tails and ears, tended to floof out in a humiliating manner that he’d hated since he was a kit. Nobody took you seriously when you started to resemble a fluff ball and they tended to get grabby too. He’d been thankful when good old age and poor nutrition had given him a hand with making his hair less… just less (because his hair had not been thinning thank you very much. Not everyone could be Cover-Girl Thor their entire adult life).
"That's a lifetime commitment Mr. Rogers. Make sure you're up for it." She nodded gently toward the crowded living room stuffed full of kats of all ages, colors shapes and sizes and finished gravely. "You can't split the kids in the divorce and in case you haven't already noticed, the people who break his heart don't live long."
“Steve…” Tony grips him gently, one hand cradling his neck the other buried in the wet silky strands of his hair. His name is almost lost over the sound of the water pounding down around them but Steve looks up, a hungry hungry hope tearing over his expression.
"You're the boss Tony.” Pepper relented with a sigh, hearing the determination in his voice. “Just don't do anything rash until I get back from Tokyo."
"Look, I wouldn't come only... there's word going around that I'm a thief and none of the farmers will give me work. I'm just hungry is all and I'll work for it fair, and seeing how it's that copper tellin everybody I'm no good. Way I see it is you owe me."
The stab of pain Tony felt, remembering Trask and that insulting exchange during the interview, was inevitable.  No matter how often he told himself he should be used to that kind of fuckery, he never really could.
“I know only that with the mind much is possible and the Queen’s mind is strongest. But even a Queen has limitations. They must draw their strength through the Pride. The strength of the the Old Ones is nothing compared to the strength of the people.” Nakia turned to look back into the operation room, pity laced through her tone as she finished.
And since Tony was still uncomfortable with inviting more strangers than he had to into the shelter kats temporary home, it meant having to improvise on some of the traditional entertainment for the kits.
“We’re here Tony. Can you stand?” he heard Steve ask as a door opened and wonderfully cool air rushed against his skin. He shuddered, closing his eyes for a moment as he took a deep breath he had this. Nothing he hadn’t handled before. So what if he’d never spent a heat with Steve before. They were together. They cared about each other. Why shouldn’t he ride out the flash with him?
Barnes took off in the direction that the Walsh girl had run, pulling a small handheld from another pocket in his vest. Thank God for JARVIS though because in the less than thirty seconds Tony lagged while he reoriented himself after the blow, the A.I. got a lock on Barnes, tracing his progress down the court.
The wings of the Benu were a vibrant gold stained in streaks redder than blood Tony noted with awe as it opened its wicked looking beak.
"If you had not wanted to be in my arms Stark I have no doubt you wouldn't have been there, and I am not vain enough to pretend you would have any other reason to want such a thing unless it was to uncover my identity. More is the pity. "
Though he doesn’t know why he would have chosen that, the soldier has never questioned this history. The proof is in the words whenever he hears them spoken.
“It’s a good way not to die too.” The fel shrugged and flicked her tail, turning to leave again as she tossed back over her shoulder. “Get off your head out of your ass Steve before you hurt yourself.”
Thor had been forced to attend more than a few weddings in his adolescence to pay honor to Asgards numerous allies, and thus had witnessed any number of strange traditions, but he enjoyed few of them as he enjoyed the Kǫtrdýr bonding ceremonies.
"Not that kind of doctor." Bruce reminded him with a small smile of his own. He'd almost not been any kind of doctor since it required a degree, and up until Tony had won a landmark court case that had allowed him to run a mega company like Stark Industries the idea of allowing a kat education was still controversial let along a PHD. But Tony had a knack for pushing through barriers and turning people's own weapons against them.
"Is that your way of asking if I'm attached?" Luke asked, following him over to the computer console and watching as he worked. Tony smirked, though with his back to him he doubted Luke caught it.
Grandma and Grandpa had been getting on in age, Peter remembered his parents telling him. His uncle Ben, their only child, had almost grown up by then. So people thought it was a little strange for them to take on an infant kit, but nobody had questioned the situation when Nathan had brought home Peter’s father claiming he was a gift for Grandma, who had always wanted more children but struggled after having Ben.
“Kotyonok.” Tony turned at the soft entreaty and caught the object that Natasha, struggling to sit up, had pulled from somewhere on her person and tossed his way. It was the switch knife he realized, the hilt small and disarmingly delicate looking but heavy in his hand. The release button for the blade responding to the slightest bit of pressure from his thumb before the sharp end slid free of its sheath in one smooth silent motion. There was an energy locked inside. Tony could feel it humming against his hand, his brain tickling once more with that strange sense of awareness. He had the strange feeling that if he just opened his mind a little he’d be able to see the complex inner workings of the little knife and know exactly what technology was inside.
“There’s fish in it Tony.” Steve pointed out, and Tony attempted not to bristle as Cap arched a blond brow at him pointedly, like a mother imploring a child to mind their manners. They’d not talked much since returning to the tower. Natasha’s wounds and dealing with extremis had claimed Tony’s focus, but there was an unusual tension even for them running beneath their limited actions. It made Tony think of festering wounds, but there was little he could do about it right at this moment. His answering smile was full of teeth.
Steve’s face twisted up in pain and his scent went pungent with grief, and Tony had never wished more that they were bonded so that he could take some of it off of Steve and onto himself but he was forced to settle for good old-fashioned touch.
Steve's eyes widened a bit at the sight, an eyebrow inching up his brow as his mouth tightened (probably in disapproval) but Tony ignored him. So sue him for needing to send a message tonight. Barton might be happy as a kitten on nip, but Tony Stark was no man's pet.
To Tony, T’Challa and his three body gaurds looked woefully underprepared for a fight with Earth’s mightiest heroes. Always one to brag, Tony was proud of how the team had really come together in recent months. They cut a real imposing figure spread out in a wide V with Captain America, living legend, front and center. Tony certainly wouldn’t have wanted to come up against them in a fight.
Nyota only glanced up long enough to push her hair out of her eyes and make sure Jaime could see just how annoyed she was with
“I am at your service, Ayeba.” The guy answered, dipping into a graceful if shallow bow, which answered nothing by the way, and Tony got the feeling the guy knew it and there was a shit eating grin happening under that mask; but he didn’t get the chance to do anything about it.
“Who comes before the assembled today?” Bastet asked in a ceremonial fashion and all eyes in the hall were on the bride and groom. MiKall had chosen to dress in the Asgardian style and was decked out in the finest that his mother’s dressmaker could produce.
Tony hesitated. Maybe it was the miserable way that Ty looked at him, the reminder that for all that Tony despised Robert Stone and Tiberius' compliance with his plans, there was a part of Tony that knew Ty was right. They'd been lovers, a team, and Tony had fucked him over first with his stubbornness.
“You think I’m not taking this seriously?” he growled. “Do you have any idea the lengths I’ve gone to in order to protect the suit? Every last piece of the Ironman armor that has ever existed has been accounted for and is stored right here in the tower. Every file, every last document that even covers how it’s cleaned, is so encrypted that JARVIS is adding new layers we speak. The only direct way in is through alpha override. Nobody has that but me, ever, and unless I was abducted sometime in the last twenty-four hours without my knowledge and tortured into giving it away, there’s no way in hell anybody stole it.”
“Are you alright?” Steve’s voice asked from the doorway, back from his run. And if the sweat dampening that criminally small t-shirt was anything to go by he must have run all the way to Queens and back. He must have been even more rattled by his nightmare than Tony had thought.
"Don't you ever accept defeat Tony. A man is better off dead then down in the dirt with the dogs expecting handouts. If you want better, then you go out and you build better. If they try and stop you, then you show them that you're a Stark man."
Well there you have it Simon. It looks like for at least some lucky kittens, beauty really does tame the beast. After this break we’ll be joined by Dr. Lauren Vassals, author of “So you’re not alone in the universe”. She’s here to weigh in on the hottest topic of the year. Should our knowledge of extra-terrestrials change the federal stance on inter-species relationships? Find out when we come back.
He’s a young boy. An aging man sits beside him. His inquisitive eyes are honey colored and they watch him carefully as his small hands attempt to glue the tiny part of the model airplane in place.
"I mean someone with a medical license. They could be blue for all I care." Steve insisted stubbornly, meeting Clint's gaze evenly and the tom shrugged, either appeased or just unwilling to insinuate that Captain America was in any way blind to human privilege. Guess that crown still belonged to Tony then.
s, it will be generations before we are truly equals in the eyes of humans.” Princess said with a hint of bite in her tone. Her smile was full of teeth as she finished with a shrug. “Tony’s not that patient.”
He couldn’t get used to feeling like a clown the brass had trotted out, or some kind of dancing monkey.  He’d been awkward and stiff back then too, much to Bucky’s enjoyment. Misery really did love company, because as much as Bucky had hated being trotted out at the end of the Army’s leash things just had a way of feeling better when you weren’t alone in them.
So far so good, only the now familiar headache that came with expending his brain power in untried directions was pounding behind his eyeballs so he was grateful for once that Steve was so uptight about mission protocol.
“Hi there,” Clint called out to the pair cheerfully. If they gave a response it was too low for Tony to hear but he heard Clint’s chuckle clearly over the comm.
“See how he sasses me?” Tony grumbled taking the offering from Natasha who pinched the fleshy part of his arm in an affectionate manner before returning to her favorite spot by the window as Tony continued to grumble. “I told you Jarvis that I was in the mood for fish.”
“Maybe not as much as you’d think,” Steve replied with a terse shrug. “You worked with him Tony, and he impressed you. He’d have to really know his stuff to do that, and you were right about what you said before. It doesn’t matter where he got the degrees or what titles he’s got. He’s good and you trusted him… and I think you should invite him back to help with the surgery.”
“Yes, the future Queen of the pride is always the one he chooses as his first wife. He or she becomes the next Queen and by their union the rules of First Promise are kept. I am curious as to how you know this.”
Jarvis didn’t answer, but then again the elevator chimed ever so softly signaling that they’d reached their destination and swished soundlessly open, giving Tony all the answer he needed.
But Thor had assured them it was safe and was even now swallowing down his portion, and Tony got the feeling he couldn't refuse without either losing face or horrendously insulting everyone.
Howard yelps and pulls away from her, shocked by the behavior of his docile kitten who has never shown a hint of aggression, but the doctors exclaim because she’s pushing now with earnest.
“Yes, yes, shock, anger, bluster. Wash rinse repeat.” Tony interjected sloshing the wine in his glass. His voice sounded a bit slurred to Steve’s ears and he wondered how much he’d had to drink that night.
Bruce and Luke shot the other tom a look and the dark skinned tom asked Clint with a slight air of judgment, "Is that what you did?"
Tony could only thank his lucky stars that he'd never had to suffer through domestic training. It is a cruel, invasive and ill disguised torture, that thankfully is outlawed in most states today. Thanks to the sophistication of modern medicine the new mandated injections are relatively painless.
Natasha turned back to Tony and waited for him to get to the reason he'd come. She knew as well as he did that Sting would never have left the shop if she wasn't ready to fly.
to not come off like a total dweeb, so that when Mr. Stark inevitably realized somebody had made a mistake selecting him for an internship, maybe he would give Peter a chance and wouldn’t send him packing.
"Yes Mom.” Clint said muffled, straightening up with a box full of leftover pizza in hand and a cold slice between his teeth.
Dad was different than she remembered him, a little rawer, rougher around the edges, and his tech was severely outdated, but going toe to toe with him and her aunt and uncles was still no picnic. That and it was pretty much the worst thing ever to trade blows with the same people she just wanted to rip her mask off and beg to take care of her. So yeah. No more of that please and thanks.
He appreciated Tony's sly, sometimes dark humor, his silver tongue, and sometimes duplicitous strategy in warfare.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Thank you so much for all the comments and well wishes. I was so blow away by them. *hugs all around* I can't thank you enough for investing in this crazy little world. Thank you for your continued support and inspiration.
“It’s not really my business, but yeah, leaving your kid with an abuser.” Tony sniffed, turning to pin her with a frank stare. “I’d ask if you knew how she was treating him but we already know the answer to that.”
“You’re being foolish.” the tom murmured softly but decisively, dark eyes cool and still too deep for Tony’s comfort. “A leader must learn that his suffering belongs to his people. Heal your body and fight another day Stark. That is what you owe them.”
"Turn it off." Tony seethed, ears flattening against his skull. There was a black sort of rage simmering low in his stomach as the news clip continued.
Tony already knew who would be there, by the scent, but pretended surprise anyway when he turned to face the Prince of Wakanda.
“They can keep the family jewels if their pockets are big enough. I’m more concerned with the millions of acres of wilderness.”
But nothing about this feels simple, and that man… that Mr. Allen… he’d called him Bucky too. He wants to know who that kit is, and why Tony keeps forcing him to walk inside his skin like this. The fact that Tony is the one in control here is undeniable.
“Viastone has launched into therapeutic technology, Robert offered her a job in the hopes that something good could be scrapped from Ms. Hansen’s research, she is a bioengineering expert.” Ty explained.
She wasn’t alone in the room he realized, instantly recognizing her office and what sounded like Fury’s voice muttering somewhere off camera.
They're all here because they want to do the right thing and stop people like the Ten Rings and Thor's dick of a brother when it's tantrum time, and that's enough. He's not going to burden them further.
Tony didn’t stop Steve’s mouth from coming down over his because he knew what this was and was okay with it.
“Alright, short-round.” Tony clapped a hand on the kids back. “I gotta talk to mom and you’ve got a lesson with Bruce. No more stalling. Hop to.”
They’d taken the job because at the time it had seemed like freedom. The only freedom guys like them were ever going to get.
“Go back!” Nyota shouted as she tried to reach the pilots chair. She was caught and held back by her cousin Riri and her younger brother T’Cael. She hissed at them, swiping her claws across Riri’s cheek. The younger girl yowled and bared her teeth but didn’t let go. T’Cael squeezed her waist like he meant to squeeze the very air out of her. It’s the desperate fear on her brother’s face that finally makes her go limp. She won’t hurt him. Not anymore than he’s already been hurt.
“Easy peasy.” Tommy had looked up from the vidscreen to watch the two of them and Nyota shot him a thumbs up.
He was already naturally quicker than these rats could ever hope to be. He didn’t worry about the bullets, counting on what he’d observed of the extremis virus in the enemy. He felt the occasional sting of a hit but it was just that, a sting. They might as well have been bees. They did piss him off however and the claws came out with a growl and he was happy to teach the guy trying to slam the butt of his gun against his skull the error of his ways.
The others had flipped when she’d told them. At first they’d been mad that she’d risked their lives the way she had but once the fact that they were all alive had really had a chance to settle, the thought of going home and rescuing their parents was too big for any of them to ignore for long.
T’Challa had responded with a photo of himself with an eyebrow raised. Dressed for a night out and holding a cocktail in one hand he looked just like the snobbish peddys (ritch bitch kats with a pedigree) that were so popular on TV. Clint chuckled and thumbed out a reply as outside his windshield New York and the tower was coming back into view.
It was exhausting, not because Steve didn't believe those things, but because they needed to be said at all. And the fact that it had to be so often just made him want to punch the next person who asked. Tony thought that was hilarious, but Steve didn't think he realized how close he was to actually doing it.
“When you looked in my file. Did it say I was a degenerate?” Steve still hadn’t turned to look at him, but there was something hard in voice now, a force that brooked no room for evasion, and Tony wouldn’t have insulted him by trying either way.
“What’s your damn point Killian?” Tony seethed flinching as Killian’s finger tapped the rim of the reactor.
For an anxious moment that lingering guilt held him in thrall, but then Steve's eyes found his, looked right through him like he'd replaced his eyes with blue x-ray machines and the moment and the spell broke.
But there he was, coming toward her against the odds proving once more that the only certain thing was uncertainty.
"Whoa," Tony grunted as he collided into Thor's back. "Who are these guys, and why don't they look happy to see us?"
“Yeah well, your man hands saved my ass the other day so don’t trade them.” Jaime plopped into the seat opposite her with a pained grunt and Nyota bit back a satisfied smile. Taking Captain America’s shield to the ribs was never a fun experience, and Jaime had saved her ass enough times that she could give him a pass for getting caught off guard this once.
So it was fair to say that Cint liked him well enough as a person but he'd never loved Tony. Which was great, because Tony had never loved him either and Clint was with Agent now so all is well that ends well.
At least her Papa had stood behind dad. That was the one constant that had never changed. Nyota didn’t know how she would have kept going if that had crumbled with the rest of her world. He'd said the solution wasn't what he'd ever have wanted, but he’d agreed that there wasn't another way that he could see.
"You think that's what it's about? Doing whatever you feel like doing when you feel like doing it and ignoring us when you can't be bothered? We've been trying to bond with you for months Tony and it's you who has kept everybody at arms length!" Steve accused and Tony, proving once again he was incapable of growing a filter laughed dismissively in his face.
Thor and Steve were nowhere to be found and Tony was still tangled up with Bruce who was blinking dazedly in the darkness trying to make sense of what was happening.
If he got hurt and forced Natasha to grieve for him in any way he was certain she’d follow him to the afterlife just to kill him a second time.
The kid – Jesus it was just a kid – scrambled back fearfully, pointing the barrel of… some sort of toy, threateningly down at Tony as he shrank back into the hayloft. Several questions raced through Tony’s head at once but he went with the most important one.
Tony jumped at the sudden sound of Natasha's voice close to his ear, sending his spoonful of yogurt falling to the table with a plop. How the hell she moved so damn quietly he didn't fucking know but it was creepy!
When the door opened to Steve’s room he didn’t look up from the sketchbook he held clutched between his hands. He didn’t know how long he’d been in here, slowly flipping through the old pages. Could have been minutes. It felt like hours.
She was already so beautiful to him in all of her raw potential, but one day this woman was going to change the world. He was sure of it and all he wanted was a front row seat.
Well, it couldn't be helped. Between being up all night in the lab, a morning full of meetings, and that disastrous appearance on Good Morning Manhattan, and now the crisis going on with the construction company over on the island, it was a miracle Tony wasn’t running later.
Tony rolled his eyes, but decided he wasn’t too annoyed with his A.I.’s mother hening. At least not this time around. He’d had a hell of a night.
“I want to go home Ny.” T’Cael said what they were all thinking, his voice small but heavy. Teddy put his arm around him.
His head was clamoring with noise and he cursed under his breath as a wave of dizziness struck him. He'd studied Maya's research enough to know what was coming and that it wasn't going to be pretty. If his body didn't reject the virus outright and kill him, too much adrenaline at any given time could finish the job. He didn't know how long he had before he wasn't able to move.
And I have high hopes for his MCU characterization but I've borrowed a lot from comics here for T'Challa. Did you know that he is ranked number 7 on the list of top minds in Marvel comics? Just two minds below Bruce at number 5 and five below Tony at number 2. I mention this cause I like to brag on my faves, and also it reiterates why Steve's whole 'real doctor' comment is just ... (-_-)  Anyway, I do so hope we get to see the genius side of T'challa in the films but you'll definitely see it at work here.
After some thought Luke finally took a breath and answered, his eyes meeting Tony's with a level of gravity that seemed off putting. "There is a legend among my people, about the first Alurio. Prince Narmer, unlike his father the Scorpion king, was a man who coveted neither power, nor an immortal life. The Scorpion king dabbled with magic he had no business with and tore a hole in the sky which is what they say brought the Benu here. Namer sought only a way to save his people from the sun giants who had killed his father and who were sweeping through the land like a plague. He was able to unite all of the clans together against their common foe, but the Benu seemed as powerful as gods and none who came against them lived to tell the tale.
“Well it's the best I can do on such short notice Thor. You did not tell me you would be bringing your halflings with you.” RaTu (the sister Thor's mother had raised along with MiKall) tsked, the toms tail flicking as she looked over her handiwork.
They were doing the impossible, seemingly of their own free will, and despite the threat they posed they were beautiful, just because they existed.
“No, but they’re going to change their minds when you offer them something they can’t get anywhere else. Vibranium.”
“It’s not that simple. The surgery it’s… we’ve prepared the best we can, but the reality is, it’s going to get messy.” Tony wrinkled his nose as his brain conjured up all the ways in which it could go horribly wrong. Steve bit back a grin, gaze tracking the twitch of his whiskers and Tony shot him a sour look.
It’s easier to keep their focus on the blocks for Mama and now that they’re focused, the puzzle is almost laughably easy.
"Peggy told you stories about me?" Steve looked startled and somewhat abashed by this and Tony just shook his head, too happy to be embarrassed about it.
The history on them was spotted even then. Drugs don’t affect everyone the same, and even though ninety-nine percent saw successful results, there was always the one percent that just didn't turn out like they were supposed to. They got stamped black and legally those ones were supposed to be put down, but things happened. Kats slipped through the system.
The gata soldiers were back. It had been weeks with nothing, but six minutes ago someone had tripped the silent distress alarm at ViXon Tech. The local authorities were alerted to the robbery in place and according to the minimal information Coulson was able to gather from them it went downhill quick after that. Lucky for them, six minutes was all the Avengers needed to suit up and make it to Long Island.
So that hadn’t been his best idea, but at the end there, he was sure it had worked. He’d touched JARVIS.
"From you Romanov that's almost a compliment." Tony replied as he joined them, his eyes flickering to Clint who was standing beside Agent, the unmissable new addition to his throat going, well, unmissed.
Thank you guys SO much for all your comments last week, I was so pleasantly surprised. This is my first time writing anything not strictly Steve/Tony so there's some nerves involved with setting up their relationship for possible failure without making somebody hateable. Hopefully they come across as bumbling boys just... well bumbling.
Tony collected people until they were his. He saw them as his children. His most precious possessions. Steve fundamentally didn’t believe in people owning other people and yet it was nice seeing Tony so happy with the tower filling with kats for his internship, and the way the shelter kats came alive whenever he was around. It looked right and it felt right, and it
Maybe it was the way Steve crossed his arms, all muscle and leath grace, or maybe it was the way he filled Tony's nose with the scent of aggressive tom. Tony's body responded to it like a well tuned instrument, all curious and nervous all at once, the neurons in his brain somehow interpreting safety from a creature brimming with violence. Tony grit his teeth in irritation.
“You’re the one who looks terrible Steve,” Natasha pointed out with a poignant stare. “You’re still having visions.”
Antonia drags them inside chattering the entire way like a magpie. Finally, Tony thinks. Someone who talks almost as fast as he does!
Bruce finally did make it to bed. Once there he was usually guaranteed a full nights sleep. Likely interruptions were minimal once ensconced in his private rooms.
At first he didn't recognize where he was, until he took in the silver gleam of the floor and the thick glass walls (that weren't actually made of glass).  He was in what he’d nicknamed the "time out room", otherwise known as the panic room they'd built under the tower that was their best shot at keeping Hulk contained.  A bunch of medical equipment had been set up in the corner and around the bed that Tony lay in.  He wasn't surprised to find Bruce in the room with him, eyes fixed firmly upon a monitor as he kept a close eye on Tony's vitals, for it was his thoughts that had pulled him from sleep in the first place.  His and the other guy's.
Ah. They were back to this, because apparently, no romantic gesture would be complete without discussing the fact that Tony was well and truly with someone else and doing their very best to undermine that. Now would it? Slowly Tony withdrew his hand from under T’Challa’s.
“Won’t they send people after us?” behind him, Pietro whispered furtively to his sister as the two followed him from the alley.
The gifts made them feel good. They know she’s their mother because they can smell it on her. But Mr. Banner doesn’t like it when they call her mama.
He didn’t look up but he knew it was Natasha even before he felt the prick of her nails against the back of his neck. Her steps were soundless and Jarvis hadn’t announced her because she was good. But maybe too good. She had a very distinctive way of moving that Steve was surprised to find himself tuning to the longer they worked together. Or maybe it was just the proximity coupled with the serum that made it so distinctive to him. Hard to tell.
“Get off the bridge Cap. Head for Bruce.” Tony instructed Steve over the com, as he flew under the bridge in search of just the right bolts. Finding the ones he wanted he ordered JARVIS to take the safety off on his most powerful laser and began to melt away the fastenings on the floor.
“Was he experimenting on you?” Tony demanded, his scent going sharp with danger in Peter’s nose and he hastily shook his head.
Yes, okay Steve’s past lover wasn’t his favorite subject in the world but they could be adults about it. Barnes was a huge part of his past that he’d had next to no time to deal with. There was a lot Steve probably hadn’t dealt with. Tony was no therapist but he was pretty sure talking was supposed to be good.
“And that’s it, just five friends doing their part for mankind, and when our handlers let us off the leash we even manage to get a few things done for gatakind.”
It wasn’t a full bond yet for the obvious reason that Tony had to consciously open a full bond and neither she nor he was ready for that level of commitment, but whereas it had taken Tony months to begin feeling the thoughts and emotions of his teammates and the urge to open up their minds and bond with them fully – it seemed that within days of the interns moving into the tower he could feel Princess wherever she was and found himself gravitating naturally towards her thoughts.
"Hey no, he's not the thief," Tony interjects before Yinsen or the driver can stop him, slipping his small body between the officer and the young man he intends to arrest. The negro boy is glaring stubbornly at the officers but his body is trembling against Tony's back and he's suddenly frightened. What will happen to this boy if the police take him away? He's read Crime and Punishment so he has a fair idea.
Hughard Stark had thought his son was going to change the world, but that was before he realized what a disappointment Tony turned out to be. Was. Is.
“I’m digging under the ground while Steve distracts above,” Natasha assured him, and though she didn’t move at all Tony felt the memory of the way she liked to sink her hands in his hair and scratch his scalp like the touch of a ghost and smiled.
“I don’t know, the part where a close ‘source’ tells them how our liberal government full of PC-brained social justice freaks forced a national icon to be a part of their dangerous social experiment despite his reservations, was kind of interesting.” Tony stared hard at Fury.
“Is that… Tony who…?” Steve didn’t seem able to find the words. He looked pale and strangely horrified as if Tony had shown him something sick and twisted instead of something so beautiful Tony played it over and over again in his mind on loop and welcomed the nights it seeped into his dreams. You know, when he slept. Which if he was pregnant, might have to change. A lot of things would.
"Not your fault Baby Boy."  Tony assured the A.I. as Luke stepped closer to better observe what he was doing. This close Tony could feel his body heat, which could have been disconcerting if not for the slightly chilly temperature in the lab. He'd have JARVIS turn the heat up later.
"That might be so," Luke allowed with a small nod, peering deeply into the middle distance as he pondered. "It is still strange, to think on the legends I was told as a boy, not just as stories traded by old men but as a part of history. I am realizing that perhaps I do not know as much about the world as I thought I did."
"There may have been some mercenaries involved and something about saving the presidents life, but mostly it was for putting up with me."
“Worse, brain waves. Their technology developed from a philosophy that a warrior should have a distinct connection with his weapon.” Tony answered with a grin. “Kind of like a Jedi with his lightsaber.”
Tony laughed the whole way to the ground. He was laughing significantly less when Natasha got her hands on him awhile later.
“We’ve been here, danced this dance Rhodey Bear. How many times are you going to play that old song?” Tony snapped but Natasha wasn’t overly worried. Rhodes was in the car with them which meant that Stark had every intention of forgiving him and only wanted to make him suffer.
"Not quite true." Tony turned back to his console, instructing the program he'd been working on while Helen and Bruce had slept. "See I figured, once I got a close look at that knife, that his suit if made of a similar vibranium alloy could absorb energy like Cap's shield. I also figured for the fact that toms will be toms, and this one in particular likes playing with his food."
“Tony the authorities aren’t interested in investigating AIM and you know that means a great deal of money must be exchanging hands somewhere.”
Oh well, that's what he got for dating a man born in the twenties. He probably didn't believe in going to bed until they traded high school rings or something. Or was it marriage? God he hoped it wasn't marriage. They should probably talk about that.
They decided that the "girls" are the ones who pop out the kits. These are actually fels and if we're talking X and Y chromosomes, gata biology isn't too bothered by either.
Tony's family is coming together just in time for him to possibly die on them. Coming to grip with his mortality is not a new experience, but it's different when you have family. There's so much more to lose. In little ways his teammates show him how much Tony has a lot to live for and all of them involve chances of the heart.
It was obvious wasn’t it? That Thor needed to replace what he’d lost? Wasn’t that what they all wanted? Howard searching the seas endlessly for the one good thing he’d contributed to the world and resenting the shoddy replacement? Clint stripped of family. Bruce of control. Natasha of self. Steve of everything.
To him, Tony looked incredibly small in the bed of the big machine, fragile flesh only looking all the softer in the middle of all that gleaming chrome and harsh artificial light.
“Ny… we’re smart, I know we are, but this is kind of above our pay grade.” Riri hedged, looking crestfallen. “I don’t know if we could get it right even with eighteen years to work on it. We’re still learning and where are we going to find someone to teach us all the stuff we still don’t know?”
She didn't recognize many of the men who poured out of the vehicles but she did recognize the face of Aldrich Killian because it would have been the height of lazy not to memorize the man's face before invading his property.
He was still having intense nightmares that made it difficult to sleep and to feel completely balanced, but on the whole he felt better than he had since waking up in this century and getting better by the day. Anything he couldn’t work through by reminding himself how blessed he was pretty easily worked out of his system at the gym.
“Better catch up fast Cap. Watch out for the big one. He’s got some sort of plasma shield,” Tony warned as he flew around the last corner. He landed in the center of the hall, repulors at the ready and carefully aimed at the two figures running towards him.
Clint had ducked into the cockpit to pilot so Thor was carrying her into the jet, which was a humiliating position to find herself in but as far as rides went it arguably wasn’t that bad. Still, it was very damsel in distress. Oh well, if any of them was stupid enough to take it to heart she’d correct them. She kind of hoped they did. It would be fun. Thor carried her into the waiting jet and over to a medical cot, depositing her gently.
“Aye. She was. My brother and I would be made to clean out the stalls when we stepped out of turn. Do you have any idea how much waste a volstag can produce?”
After a long, perhaps slightly indulgent shower she’d left her small quarters, following her nose and the sinfully delicious smell of bacon to the canteen.
He might still have rallied himself toward defensiveness, if only for his own pride's sake, if not for the gentle way the tom added, "Your loss would be a terrible thing for a great many, myself included. I hope you will reconsider consulting with Miss Cho and Dr. Banner before making further changes."
That little joke had even Tony looking up from his bowl to stare at him (because it had to be a joke). Luke just continued to eat, taking an almost dainty bite as his mouth curved upward in amusement. The spoon clinking softly against the bottom of the bowl seemed twice as loud with everybody’s focus on him.
Everybody look at the failed experiment that got Captain America killed, or some variant of the same. Wasn't he supposed to be their Queen? How could he let something like this happen? Figures.
The old woman excepts the money Pietro shoves at her without a word and doesn’t protest as the fel grabs a bag of plums for Ivan as well as a mango for himself. The trio departs with a wave from Pietro and a small secretive smile from Wanda as a growl rumbles in the soldier’s chest.
The voice fills Tony’s head, achingly familiar but he can’t concentrate on it with how heavy his heart is (Steve’s heart is) and the grief that is ripping through him.
He’d seen Bruce’s dream for himself so he knew for a fact that there’s a possible future out there where he and Helen are ridiculously cute together and they have a shy little boy named Amory who could sell ice to eskimos because he’s that fucking precious.
Not entirely. Steve didn't always help himself where Tony was concerned, and frankly Steve was homesick in a uniquely devastating fashion that Tony couldn't be responsible for.
. He wanted to get closer. It was taking everything he had not to sink inside Steve’s thoughts and stick to them like honey.
The door shut quietly behind Steve and Tony cleared his throat grappling for his scattered thoughts.
“Of course. You’ll find in the research I gave you that Fewer Queen Fels are born to the Pride than any other type, but nature is logical.” T’Challa answered with a stiffness that betrayed his displeasure with Tony’s line of thinking.
It’s also why Mama isn't supposed to teach him Hebrew or any of that other 'Jewery' but thankfully Mama doesn’t mind and Tony picks things up quickly. Hughard didn’t even want him to learn Italian, but even Obi agreed that was overkill. Tony has to run the business someday and it's a useful skill to have.
Deciding it was a coincidence felt ridiculously like putting his head in the sand, and more tellingly like some sort of betrayal. Like he was failing Bucky’s memory in some way by rejecting the truth right before his eyes.
And maybe they did, but there was absolutely no way to mistaking the way he held himself or the confidence in his stride as he made his way down the stairs toward their welcoming party, completely unfazed by the sudden roar of screamed questions from journalists nor the blinding wave of camera flashes. It wasn’t in the expensive clothes or the fancy bauble around his neck, it was in the man. Prince T’Challa had arrived.
Steve warns, but it has the effect Tony wants. The soldier stills for the fraction of a second, eyes wide and white with rage, before the ground beneath them heaves and he lunges at Tony with a garbled scream of agonized rage.
“He was already perfect.” A heavily modulated voice growled unexpectedly as a feline scream ripped through the air. Killian straightened and Tony sucked in a breath as the weight on his chest relieved, but Killian wasn’t quick enough to defend himself from the dark shadow that passed over Tony as a familiar costumed (friend?) leapt through the air, wrapped his powerful legs around Killian’s neck and arched backwards, throwing the villain over his shoulders and lashing him smartly with that barbed tail of his for good measure as he fell.
"Again, it may not be my business." Luke chuckled and Steve had the strange urge to snap at him that it really wasn't his business. He bit his tongue, cause that wouldn't have been very fair. He'd come in here looking for advice, he couldn't really be upset at the guy for offering it. Even if he knew Tony the least out of all of them.
"They're Jews Tony and they're speaking a kind of Hebrew, it's... well, long ago our people only spoke Hebrew but we've traveled far since them. Sometimes two languages meet and decide they might as well be friends, so one asks the other for a dance."
The big brass, they all want to get close as badly as he does. They all think the Prince of Wakanda is going to step off that plane and that no matter how pro Alurio the guy is, that they can persuade him around to seeing things their way. Man to man so to speak. And why shouldn’t they feel that way? That’s the way the world works and everybody there knows it, including Tony.
“You are Alurio, Tony.” T’Challa answered, frustratingly undeterred by the show of aggression. “In your blood is the blood of the great Queens and the builders of empires. You never belonged among these swine.”
The bastards never fully realize till it’s too late but he’s the most expensive ride any of them will take in this lifetime.
The text flashing through his brain should not have been as soothing as it was, but Tony grabbed ahold of it like a life line, burying himself within the endless number stream that was two systems communicating across a binary highway, and breathed a sigh of relief when it drowned out the sudden rush of stimuli.
A nurse hastily explains that pregnancy changes a fels hormones, makes even the most well domesticated unpredictable at times.
"I'll still share your heat with you... unless you don't want me to." Clint said after a moment, and Tony heard him sliding off the couch arm. Though he didn't look up from the tablet the small hesitation in Clint's voice made him go still.
“Happily, Mr. Stark.” Princess answered with a nod and turning to Sonia again with an annoyed flick of her tail she launched in on their rehearsed pitch. "Right about now you want to be as far away from your husbands tattered image as possible and more importantly, to take control. An opportunity to seize controlling interest in the company has never before been available to you. But now it could be.”
“We’ll keep an eye on him.” Natasha said, and Bruce looked over at her, meeting her serious gaze and the tom slowly nodded.
turn you over to them.” Tony swore with such venom that Peter believed every word, a shiver going down his spine.
As relief flooded through him Tony's startled shout turned into a feverish laugh and he whooped out loud as they banked hard, skimming along the roofs of abandoned cars in the street at breakneck speed until suddenly they were pulling up, Catman's giant silver wings flaring outward with tips glowing a dazzling electric blue.
Steve hadn't spent a great deal of time thinking about having children. Truthfully part of it was because he hadn't been able to picture a dame wanting to hitch her star to a wagon like his, but mostly because he'd been in love with Bucky almost longer than he could remember. That had made things complicated.
"Do not touch. These are mine." Tony growled just in case the other three got any ideas, and he didn't have to look to know that the others were armed and had taken up defensive stances behind him.
It was dark and cold as Tony trudged through the snow covered wilderness of who even knew. The weight of Natasha heavy on his back provided meager warmth against the chill of the wind as it whipped snow against them both.
There! Tony’s eyes lurched back toward the glowing moon. Just a shimmer. But something had passed by it.  He raised a fist and launched two of his smart missiles.  Too small to down a ship mid air but enough to cause nasty damage if they struck or make a lot of sparkle if they encountered something else first.
The surgery was so high risk it was straddling the threshold of suicidal, and if Tony had been allowed his way, not even Helen and Bruce would be there, except he literally needed them to do the operation. Bruce had been making noises about getting another “real doctor” on hand, but Tony knew that what they all really wanted was the team they’d had before.
Douchbag is yanking the fel out from underneath a kitchen island by her tail but he doesn’t look armed so Clint loads quick, aims even quicker and lets fire even as he’s calling out, “Hey asshole. No touching.”
Steve was an attentive almost-boyfriend and Tony had taken him up on the offer of a fresh plate of grub, even if it meant losing Steve's firm body against his back and warm hands stroking his head.
Technically, Tony knew it was an under suit not dissimilar to the one Tony was wearing under his armor but if being a member of the club didn’t come with the right to tease then he didn’t know what would. The three female body guards on the other hand had stripped out of their sleek form hugging dresses straight down to their underwear.
Neither did he, Tony realized. Now that it was done there was only forward (the truth of Tony’s whole existence) and he had to make sure that things changed, that the future was better for all their sakes as well as those coming behind them. It was who he was, but he couldn’t do it alone and while he never would have predicted someone like Natasha at his side, now that he knew her he’d never change it. They’d been meant to walk the road together.
"They're a developing thing. Like so many other awesome things.” Tony murmured in reply, smiling up at him.
Tony let him take his hand because his head still felt too big and too quiet and even with Bruce there his senses were still screaming that he needed to find his pack. But even now Bruce’s thoughts were completely open to him, kept leaping in and out of his head like a radio with bad reception and Tony was absolutely certain that he could rifle through everything Bruce had up there with barely any effort.
“I wouldn’t get too close to our foreign friends over there then. Someone might decide to stake their claim and don’t take my word for it but the Alurio sound pretty old school to me.”
Her brow pearled with sweat that kept dripping into the darkened strands of her hair as she trembled and groaned, fighting for each breath and pushing with all her might.
“Mr. Stark, after winning this landmark court case how are you feeling? Do you have anything to say to the people’s fears that allowing kats into doctorate level programs will irreparably damage the integrity of our educational system?”
"You were lovers?" He asked, and Tony felt a curious pang somewhere he refused to identify as the region of his heart because love hadn't had anything to do with it, clearly. He'd been a mark, which yeah whatever, he got it, and he gave Clint props for being decent and not taking advantage of the whole 'bang me until I can't think cause I'm dying and this is probably my last heat' thing.
“Steve. You know he’s not really here.” Tony ignored Barnes altogether to gently but firmly grasp Steve by the elbow.
"I can't speak on the condition of the terrorists, and it is important Ms. Everhart to remember that those people were involved in an act of terrorism, but as for Anthony's condition, I say fragile because it's a well-known fact that kats in heat are cognitively impaired, and feral kats have been historically known to become volatile without stabilizing influences."
“She doesn’t expect us to hunt these things does she?” Clint demanded, what some might consider rudely, but considering that Thor had brought them there with next to no preparation Tony considered it a fair enough question.
"You will join the lineup of houses who wish to participate, and if you are not selected by either the bride or the groom you will not be allowed to hunt, but fear not MiKall will select you and the Captain as a favor to me." He rushed to explain to them in low tones as the selection was about to begin. "You will then be allowed to choose which hunters from your Pride you would like to accompany you and the hunt shall begin."
“Hey. Look at me.” She did, green eyes bright but confounded as if she couldn’t quite believe the words coming out of his mouth as he said, “Those people took something of yours they had no right to take. They were the monsters not you, and you wouldn’t be human if you didn’t struggle to come to terms with that kind of loss.”
IT IS NEVER SAFE. AS FOR CONTROL, YOU ARE THE BEST JUDGE OF THE PROGRESS YOU’VE MADE WITH THE PROFESSOR. YOU UNDERSTAND THE RISKS AND YOU ARE NOT A CHILD WHO WOULD TAKE THESE RISKS LIGHTLY. ASK WHAT IT IS YOU REALLY MEAN TO ASK.
“Perhaps you would like a change and I could order a steak for you this morning Sir? Perhaps with a side of salad?”
He immediately felt Natasha surrounding him, soothing and steadying his breathing as his body immediately began to sync with hers, but Steve was standing closer and when the captain placed a steadying hand on Tony's back and knelt down like he was going to assist, Tony clamored hastily back to his feet.
"You can't damage him Killian. That wasn't part of the deal." The tom said, ignoring Tony yanking at the restraints on his arms and legs and demanding to be let free.
The doctor was next to Bruce again, ready to put the IV line in it looked like, only she was kind of just standing there looking lost.
"I know you’re lying Tony." The tom clenched his fingers and tugged warningly on the dark strands of Tony’s hair. "You were mine remember? Did you think I could forget how you smell when you’re ripe for it, and what it smelled like when you ruined our future together?”
Steve noticed the way both responded to T’Challa’s commands without argument, like soldiers on a battlefield falling into line, happy to let a commanding officer tell them what to do, how to survive the next frantic minute and the next with a ritual of orders perfectly executed.
“Yeah I know. She didn’t swat you enough,” Nyota growled, trying to scratch him but Tommy knew her too well by now and was too fast to get caught by her claws.
Tony and the team deserted the celebration quickly, Tony only pausing to pull T’Challa aside and demand that he and his team follow them back to the tower as quickly as they could. Pepper wasn’t pleased with the turn of events but in this instance her anger wasn’t directed at Tony. She knew better than anyone how this turn of events could spoil their plans. She had damage control to do through the press, and the Avengers had to figure out what was going on at Oscorp and who was behind the sudden appearance of Gata mercenaries.
“Lets get one thing straight shall we? That little trick you played? I get it. It’s not like we were best friends or some shit. It wasn’t personal and really Highness it’s no skin off my back.”
“No you’re not Tony and that is the point.” The other fel snapped, eyes flashing dangerously and Tony swallowed what he'd been about to say.  "Pepper isn't pride. We are. We all agreed to this, but you refuse to try. You'll take every risk in the book but the one that's actually important.”
Tony whirled around, repulsors raised in the direction of the voice. A breeze had kicked up, clearing some of the mist, enough to reveal the slender man lounging ever so causally upon a low hanging tree branch. Even unkempt in a plain tunic and trousers and partly shrouded in mist Tony recognized Loki and the haughty way in which he spoke.
Natasha’s warning was accompanied with a dark sense of threat – the threat of losses not yet felt, and tears not yet shed – and there was nothing for Tony to do but swallow and nod his head.
Clint quickly made his way there, to what looked like the facility kitchens, where a terrified fel at least six months pregnant (or maybe it’s closer to eight, Clint wasn’t exactly an expert when it came to pregnancy) was being cornered by some douch-nugget in a leather jacket.
Steve hoped so. The idea of Tony going into full blown heat in a room full of his political rivals and their toms was a nightmare.
He couldn’t claim ignorance if he tried, what with all of T’Challa’s dire warnings about bond loss and encroaching on another Queen’s territory. Tony had always known sharing Steve with Bucky Barnes was the only way to love Steve that wasn’t going to end in bloodshed. And if he had somehow missed the memo even after all of that, their first attempt at bonding had made it clear that it wasn’t going to be like with Natasha, that the universe wasn’t going to let Tony simply just take Steve Rogers for his own without contending with Bucky – and maybe Tony had known it even before then. Deep down, hadn’t he always suspected that there was a part of Steve that didn’t want to be taken?
“I don't think it matters where you take him Steve," Bruce segued the uncomfortable topic. "It’s the thought that counts. Where were you thinking?”
Grinning, Tony directed the robotic arm to snatch up his vulnerable pieces and whistled innocently. But he was counting on Steve being too observant and too good a tactician not to notice right away what he had done. Just in case, he’d kept his touch inside Steve’s mind light but not so light that he couldn’t sense him moving things around up there.
"Thank you for saving my journal," he tries anyway, beaming gratefully up at the older boy. "You have no idea all the work you just saved me. It took me ages to get this far. Course I remember everything but there's just
“Amory’s fifteen,” Jamie rejoined with an eye roll of his own. “And you know how sensitive he is. He’s got enough pressure on him already.”
“Look I’m not gonna claim that I thought it through or that the heat didn’t take us both for a ride,” Tony said, hopping off the bar and striding toward him.  “But do me a favor and listen. Don’t try and speak for me. I know what it’s like to feel like you’re going to die without a bite and wonder if you can hold on to that last little bit of fight to keep your neck to the bed. I’ve been there. I know the feeling, so don’t tell me I don’t know the difference between being forced and my own choices.”
Two things are needed. Heat and the built in biological trigger for his body to start ovulating. Now domestic male felines have barbs on their penises that flip the switch, which thank god is not the case in Gata. Instead, there is a small gland at the back of a fels neck that normally is only a small swell on the back of the neck, but becomes tender and enflamed during heat.
“So what’s the big problem then?” she asked, “What have we changed that you think we weren’t supposed to?”
"What, the lauded Avengers Pride is not as feral as you'd hoped it would be or something?" Tony asked, curious what it was that other kats were thinking about this whole project. Most probably thought it was crazy and too far outside the envelope to be comfortable, but he knew that some must see it as an opportunity. Hope for the future. At least he hoped so. It was the only reason he'd caved and agreed to give it a shot.
She and Clint had been playing defense while he and Steve handled the offense, trying to inch their way across team Wakanda’s defensive line and avoid all the obstacles between them and the opposing castle mount. But since they’d lost Clint Steve had fallen back to help strengthen their defense while Tony kept Thor dancing while he tried to dodge his hammer. It shouldn’t have surprised anyone as much as it did that T’Challa’s team hunted like big cats, but it was startling in its effectiveness and fascinating to take in. They’d fanned out at first only to rush together to strike a single target from multiple directions at once with effortless cohesion, forcing Steve and the others to come to their comrades aide or risk losing them.
“You’ve done all that you can Tony.” T’Challa’s low, rich, voice intruded through the haze of thoughts in Tony’s head. “You need to rest now.”
“Yes, I should be the one who goes.” And just as he had that night in Tony’s room Prince T’Challa lifted Tony’s hand to his lips and pressed a kiss against the back of his palm in the strangest most sincere gesture of
Here’s the thing. He says it quietly and then he leaves with a tired wave and Tony’s pretty sure that Pepper and the other baseline human in the room are none-the-wiser, except for the fact that it’s pretty obvious how turned on Tony is right now (so sue him). But Gata ears are better and Steve knows that damn well, so he’s just all but invited Tony to come jump him in the shower in front of T’Challa and their teammates and he knows it’s not entirely all for Tony’s benefit. Tom’s are possessive. It’s a fact.
It had Tony’s hindbrain lighting up and coming up with all sorts of stupid thoughts like maybe he should make himself small and bare his throat so that he didn’t come off as a threat.
“Behind you Cap!” Bruce warned and Steve whirled around, expecting to find Prince T’Challa, only across the field on the opposite mount Thor had his hammer raised, and  Steve knew what would happen next. He raised his shield just in time to intercept the blinding bolt of lightning that tried to slam into him and grunted as the sheer power behind it forced him back a step.
"I'm not saying it for Fury, Stark." Natasha rebuked, her gaze going a bit colder. Tony could feel the distance yawning between them though the younger fel hadn't moved. "I'm saying it for Clint."
“Trespassers will be shot, it’s on the sign.” The kit shrugged, and this close Tony could see that he was in fact a kit. He might have been able to smell it before even with the wooly hat covering the kids ears if he hadn’t been so distracted by you know, his teammate in medical duress and the potential for supped up super-villains to come barging in any moment. There were no medical supplies but the good news was someone clearly had enough interest in machines that there was enough stuff here that Tony was confident he could jury-rig a low grade repulsor together with his arc-reactor as a power source, but he’d need to fix the reactor first.
Now Tony had a reputation you'd have to have been taking a seventy-year ice nap not to have heard about. He's slept with men, women, kittens and toms alike. Picky isn't what Clint ever would have thought to call him.
Princess stared directly at him, her vengeful energy pushing against Tony’s mind like a prowling lion and Tony barked a sudden laugh that made Sonia start in her seat.
Taking a deep breath and struggling for calm Tony turned, extending a hand toward the floating hologram display still hovering just above their heads and wiping it clear with a swipe of his hand. A few more quick gestures and he had the folders pulled up from the project that had quietly consumed him since that day Steve had come to find him and tell him that all of his hopes for the future were based on a fantasy.
“And no pushing yourself to get out of bed and back to your lab before Helen and Bruce think you are ready. Unless there is another alien invasion, you must certainly not fly your armor. Promise me.” T’Challa gave Tony an insufferably knowing look and Tony could feel his hair raising in irritation and just hoped he didn’t look like a fluffball.
“That would not have been an easy call to make were this exercise real.” He continued thoughtfully after a moment. Tony tensed at the return of a subject he’d hoped everyone would just forget, Steve’s face flickering across his mind. He felt a pang of guilt remembering how he’d sent Natasha to her not-literal death.
Tony was running images nabbed from the security cameras of Wanda’s face through every corner of the internet; every email, hub, archive, and storage bank that he could crack into. So far nothing, but the search continued in the background. Maybe it was running so many background tasks at once, but the gentle knock on the door before Natasha pushed her way inside the hospital room actually managed to take Tony by surprise.
Later he learns it's because Stark men always pay their debts. Tony was dumb enough to get robbed and his journal could have fallen into anybody's hands. And where does Tony think half his ideas come from? When Tony takes notes on his father's work and dreams up his little toys does he even realize what a risk he's taking? The competition would kill to get their hands on Hughard's designs.
He had never expected to be happy again after losing Bucky. But he was with Tony and the team, so even if none of them knew what the future would bring, Steve refused to consider any alternative but that Tony's operation was going to be a success and they were all going to come together and build their Pride. If he was wrong he'd deal with it when it happened, but at least Tony would know how he'd felt.
That was harder for Tony to put into words and provide proofs for. It was just a feeling he had, having seen them in action. But instinct no matter how valuable was not evidence.
“A lot, I assume.” Steve responded, grinning at Thor’s despondent grumble. Steve didn’t smile much. Or if he did it wasn’t around Tony which to be fair was kind of a given when they couldn’t seem to agree on anything. Kind of a shame, Tony mused wistfully. Steve’s smile was wry and fleeting, but it suited him.
Part of it was coming from the fat lump of soft baby skin and sweet smelling red wisps of hair that was in his arms, white ears tickling his throat as they twitched, taking in every sound as the infant gurgled happily.
A moment later he felt a violent prick as a fist slammed against him, plunging the syringe that Killian had dropped deep into the fleshy part of his shoulder.
“He’s gone dark.” Natasha murmured blankly, clutching her hands together tightly. Steve put an arm around her shoulder without thinking, but was glad he did when he felt the way she was shivering almost too finely for the naked eye to catch.
Whatever people chose to call them, some things remained fairly universal. Genetically they're homo-catus, which in layman's speak means they’re hybrids who land somewhere arguably close to a human with some feline genetics thrown in just for kicks.
There’s Rhodey, the only one on campus willing to room with the black kat who sued his way into MIT and has the whole school surrounded by protestors.
“Director Furry thought it would be a nice break from all the public fanfare for T’Challa to spend a day with the Avengers and I happen to agree.”
And they had been. Their leaders had seen the outcome of the battle just as clearly as Steve had and decided they were all expendable. It was Tony that Fury had gone to when they fired that Nuke because he knew what Tony would do and that he was the only one who could.
Jesus Barnes was a wreck. Tony kept getting sucked into his orbit, captivated by the memories and thoughts that were leaking out of the soldier’s head, his frantic mind singing some sort of siren song that demanded soothing, reordering that Tony found it nearly impossible to resist.
The familiar voice of his A.I. filled his head and Tony was speechless for the first time in his life.
“Relax Prince Ali, no need to take yourself so seriously. I’m a big boy. Nothing’s broken. Like I said, it’s all by gones.”
But sometimes, having home turf advantage was worth its weight in gold and certain people in the business world needed the reminder that his high-rise view and power statement furnishings provided. Pepper had a deft hand at that sort of thing, and she’d spent a ridiculous amount of his money to assure that anyone who walked into his office would know that Tony Stark was the kat in charge, emphasis on the kat.
“Is that why you loved him?” he asked. His voice sounded rough and he could feel a bead of sweat trickling down his face but he was happy to have control of his thoughts back. For the most part anyway. Steve didn’t answer immediately, instead reaching with his thumb and wipe up the trail of sweat with a tender stroke before he finally spoke.
When they reach the apartment building Mama grips his hand extra tight and Tony looks anxiously at her. She stands and stares at the building for a moment, looking strangely lost and Tony squeezes her hand.
"Tony." Natasha winced at the sound of Steve's soft entreaty. Tony stepped backward, as if Steve had tried to touch him and Rhodes shook his head firmly at Rogers.
Okay, kind of amazing actually, like creamy peanut butter and spicy chilies with a hint of ginger. And fish! Not any fish that Tony was familiar with but buttery and tantalizing in the best way.
Next up: Fury is pissed but has news from Wakanda, Thor takes the Avengers on a trip, and Tony and Steve finally have that talk.
Killian wasn’t a tom so he wasn’t going to be effected by Tony walking in smelling like heat and an abundance of kits, but Tony wouldn’t feel comfortable (safe) until the scent was wiped away. He hated others knowing he was in heat, hated the way their eyes followed him and the way their bodies responded to his pheromones. Okay not always... sometimes it was nice when Bruce and Clint wanted to cuddle and when they looked at him like he was the best thing since Netflix and a smile from him was what made the sun rise.
Bruce’s thoughts brushed his gently, soft with concern. He could feel Steve and Natasha there too, attentive and curious.
"Last one in is a monkey's uncle!" He shouts, just as he's overtaken by Rhodey, his long powerful legs carrying him past Tony in a blur of speed and laughter.
“You need a doctor.” Bruce stated, anxiousness tightening his voice. He looked like he was holding together by a thin thread, the thin thread of productivity (Tony was very familiar with that). Tony laid a hand on Bruce’s arm and gave it a consoling pat.
“Did you get ahold of Killian?” Tony asked instead of answering that, his eyes flicking back to Pepper’s hologram square. She looked decidedly less impressed with his non answer.
Well, he was a big boy now. A fully functional Queen. Was there any point in waiting? What better way to get Pride Avengers truly off the ground than by bonding with his mate? Tony’s heart started to pound in anticipation as the thought took root.
Steve gasped as Tony pushed the memories into his mind, flashing pictures filled with warmth and color. The two of them on a sandy beach. The sky an impossibly bright blue above them. Steve’s holding a baby girl with red hair and furry white ears in his arms, and she’s clapping and giggling as Tony chases three older kits through the waves lapping at their feet, kicking up sand and water as they go. The oldest boy shrieks joyfully as Tony grabs him, his coltish legs swinging as they twirl around. And then, piercing blue eyes turn toward Steve, peeking out from dark wet bangs as the boy calls,
The tom must have come directly over to the couch upon arriving because he was still in his winter coat, a monstrously puffy thing that looked thermal enough for an expedition to Alaska. Tony had to bite back a grin at how ridiculously closely he resembled an animation from South Park. The reports all agreed this was a mild winter for the city but he supposed for someone from the Congo that didn’t matter much.
“The Avengers will need space to grow. I’ve started with a training facility and a barracks but there should be space for other additions as they become necessary. Surrounded by water we’ll need a port for fishing and trading, as well as some sort of naval force. All of that means production Darren, which means we’ll need room for another major project. I’m calling it Stark Resilient. It’ll be an independent subsidy of SI. It will provide thousands of jobs for those who live in Resilience as well as generate revenue. What we produce on the island won’t be produced anywhere else in the world and we’ll only accept contracts from organizations and governments who prove their interest in protecting ours. So the people across the water are just going to have to play nice if they want a piece of the pie.”
When Nyota’s father had designed the ship he’d recorded a video that was stored deep in JOCASTA’s memory files. The first time they’d landed on that alternate earth and come in contact with one of their parent’s alternate selves the A.I. had played it for them. Nyota had burst into tears hearing her dad say, “If you’re watching this, it means I’m dead.”
But, according to Tony a victory of the magnitude that Stark Industries had achieved in the launching of the first Gata Reserve could not go uncelebrated. On the contrary, Pepper insisted that every spare second of their time be regulated to a slew of interviews, public appearances, and whatever else she deemed necessary to control the press surrounding the historic event. Steve found it all very exhausting but thankfully he wasn’t called to do much besides staunchly repeat what should have been obvious.
Tony’s world is waves of white. Brilliant lightning forking through a storm of ice as the world factures under him and the sky splits open above him.
“You’ll have to forgive our brother. He was just released from a mental institution.” She apologizes to the old woman without a hint of humor on her face and the old woman gapes in shock.
There were still many limits to the types of jobs kats could do and still a lot of prejudice in the work place, but more and more industries were allowing them to work as assistants and aides. No organization had made greater strides than Stark Industries and the kats at the shelter held a special place with Stark. It was as close to an open door as anybody was going to get with a man as guarded as Tony.
He crossed the short distance between them to grab the tom by his shoulders and pull him in for a kiss. A chaste kiss by Tony's standards but it was warm and sweet, and it made it easier to nuzzle against Bruce's chest and make sure he smelled like Tony's just in case anybody was in danger of forgetting.
Tony was aware that what he was speaking to was a hallucination, dragged up out of Steve’s subconscious, but nothing had made more sense to him then the realization that this was what frightened Steve the most.
“After that night I contacted Killian, he seemed impressed by Extremis even if you weren’t.” Maya was explaining. There was a light sort of bitterness in her words that hinted at old wounds. It wasn’t just the product of a one night stand that hadn’t gone anywhere, but the rejection of her ideas (her mind) and that was far more dangerous.
Well, the guy was a literal unknown whose motives were up in the air, with highly advanced tech that screamed that whatever his agenda he was no one to cross.
There's a smell to domesticated gata that still makes Tony shudder at times. They were always just that bit sour in his nose.
He'd never push the way he could. Natasha knew he would never stretch himself open and see just how far he can go because he was burned by his own apathy and the memory festers. He says he won't be the Merchant of Death and therefore opens himself up to continued disappointment and self-hatred; because there's no ending it. He'll always be the black cat that crossed somebody's path because he is who is.
“Have you dreamed about him before? This Winter Soldier?” he asked, expecting it when Steve slowly nodded with an air of lingering guilt.
Sometimes, when he has been Ivan for too long, when the memories have grown out of the ash in his head like green shoots and he has discovered books, and foods, and songs that feel like old friends whose names he can’t remember, he starts to remember her.
Tony’s head snapped up as the gentle thought brushed through his mind, turning to see that Natasha was awake watching him through heavy lidded eyes. Relief washed through him at the sight and he remembered how to breathe as he sagged down before her, legs giving out on him.
He heard an explosion but it wasn’t what finally made him pause, it was the sudden tingling in his brain, the yank he felt back towards the facility and the sudden certain knowledge that Clint was hurt and hurt badly.
A knock tried to intrude upon his thoughts and Tony grimaced, flicking his hand to tell whatever intern (and there were dozens of them crawling all over the tower now) had gotten the wrong idea that now was a good time to bother him, to go away. Sure, he might look like he was doing nothing standing at the windows in the kitchen, but in actuality he was concentrating very fiercely on the little device in his hand.
“Tony? What’s wrong?” He pleaded as they swayed to the music, prompting lowly so no one would overhear. “Honey look at me.”
Not likely, Tony thought as he found the bypass codes for The Daggers security shields.  A warm rush flooded through him and there was a warning prickle at the back of his mind, like the beginning of a headache but it didn’t matter. He was in. He’d give it a few moments of rest before he began to dig. He wondered how far the ships computer could take him. Maybe even all the way back to Wakanda. The wonderful thing about computers was networking after all.
But the cancer had come back, and come back with a vengeance. Ma got weak again twice as fast this time around and it seemed to him that the chemo was harder on her body and helped less. He hadn’t wanted to take the trip to Boston at all with her still going through treatment but she wouldn’t hear of him staying and passing up the opportunity he’d been working so hard for all year.
Tony waited tensely for her reaction. It was the first time he’d dared to drop that word outside of his own mind or a private conversation with Pepper. But for reasons he could not explain and didn’t want to bother trying, her opinion mattered to him. She didn’t disappoint him. Her ears twitched toward him as her spine straightened, fear and uncertainty dropping away as she focused all of her attention on him and the words he’d just spoken.
"You realize that if your calculations are off by even a small margin, you increase the margin for error? The machine itself could cause irreparable damage to your internal organs that neither I nor Helen will be able to save you from." Luke warned softly, not in the same dire fashion Cap was so good at but nevertheless it reminded him too much of Steve and their ongoing argument over Tony's plans to embed his bone structure with BX and flood his system with nanobots. Which really only sounded insane when you said it like that.
Tony pulled him away from Sam and the edge of the waves, back toward the tents where most people were still relaxing, chatting over their desert, but some people had gotten up to dance under the glow of the lantern lights.
“Shit!” the male kat cursed, withdrawing something small and tellingly pistol shape from the holster on his belt and firing it at Spiderman. Peter didn’t have time to leap out of the way but thankfully Steve’s shield was there blocking the plasma blasts as it sailed by, but unfortunately doing a great job of slicing through Peter’s webbing too. Their captive crashed to the floor and into her companion’s waiting arms. The kat quickly sliced through the tangle of webbing holding her limbs together with his claws and embraced her like they were lovers sinking on the titanic or something, and a moment later they just disappeared into thin air.
The soldier says nothing. She has stated the obvious, which means there is either more coming or she is wasting his time.
Because the truth is, he’s not special. His wounds, his tragedies, they’re not because the world has it out for Tony Stark, it’s because he’s gata and he dared to push back. Of course they come for him. They’re always going to.
Tony looked at T’Challa, surprised to find that the other tom was smiling easily at them both. Given how snarly he and Steve tended to get around each other Tony hadn’t expected him to take watching Tony mack on another tom so well.
He glanced once more across the scant feet that separated them to where Tony had been seated across from the Prince, surrounding on all sides by important people from Washington (including General Ross) just to make sure that nothing had changed in his brief moment of distraction before turning sheepishly back toward Natasha.
Tony had started wearing them during his sessions with Xavier and his attempts to break into the mind of the Winter Soldier. Just as T’Challa had promised, they helped focus his energy and amplified his natural psychic abilities. It was truly armor fit for a Queen and Tony wasn’t above admitting he loved the shit out of them. At least to himself.
"He couldn't remember me because they scrambled his brain like an egg." She whispered into the dark. Her breathing had calmed and she was no longer so cold to the touch but fear lingered in her eyes when she looked at Tony. Fear and grief.
"Yeah..." He heaved a tired sigh. Why were emotions so fucking draining? "I have some things I want to run past you guys but, there's an us. Not like capital US yet, but I figure we needed little us before we could get big US anyway."
He was. It was a relief, he could admit. He’d been heavy for so long, but he was feeling lighter and lighter by the moment.
“Your Highness, welcome to the United States.” Everette stepped forward as the tom and his entourage reached the welcoming party and greeted them loudly enough so that there was no confusion for the rest of the crowd that the serious faced Gata male standing before them really was the prince they’d all been waiting for.
Instead of trying to reverse the effects of the domestication drugs and create pride capable felines, why not find the perfect man and give him the feline gifts?
Technically as Tony's Handler Coulson could have ordered him out of the lab hours ago, and it was definitely against the terms of the contract that Pepper had drawn up with Shield for Tony to shut his Handler out of the tower or disobey direct orders, but meh. Tony had never been a fan of sticking to the rules anyway.
Which one of them did a moment later, exploding in a bright flash and raining down a trail of smoke and debris. He’d got the bastards.
It is what it is. He knows the currency of his persona, of his body but the true power will always be in the money and he’s bleeding them.
He had not been as keen on stars in his youth as his brother, but Thor had often joined Loki on the roof of the turret to provide him company. He'd seen how often alone Loki was, even amongst their many friends and admirers. One could not call themselves a Prince of Asgard without acquiring a constant stream of hangers on, but with hindsight it was easy to see all the ways in which Loki had been subtly ostracized and made to feel the difference of his birth.
In his arms, Tony felt Steve’s body begin to relax as he chuckled, those his hands were clutching tightly to the small of Tony’s back as if he were afraid the fel might try and slip away.
Natasha bunkered back down to wait out the setting sun but she became uneasy when she felt her skin prickle, that sense of being watched returning. She was distracted when a moment later a line of black trucks came through the trees, bringing more people than Natasha had seen visit the facility in days.
Tony could not concentrate. The particulars of the situation in Washington was unfolding in real time on time the haloscreen of the jet. JARVIS was valiantly trying to debrief the team before they dropped down over Diamond Row, the premier shopping complex of the nation’s capital, but Tony kept finding his attention pulled away from the moment by an increasingly loud sense of urgency that had nothing to do with protecting innocents from what sounded like a quickly escalating terrorist attack and everything to do with Bucky Barnes.
Tony rarely conducted business from his office in Stark Tower, mostly because he preferred his workshop and if anyone came to Stark Tower it wasn’t his perfectly decorated office they wanted to see.
But for the first time, hearing his name said that way, Tony thought of the way that his mother used to say it. They way Jarvis would. Like he was something amazing and cherished. Like Anthony and
Princess. And in an instant Tony knew, that she was the reason he had been feeling wound so tight. Her voice was tightly controlled, but Tony could feel her fear radiating over their bond. Distinctly hers, and louder somehow for that fact. Tony had no time to wonder at how it was possible for their fledgling bond to be so powerful, that she could reach him over this distance, because that fear told him something was dreadfully wrong.
“Mmh, well technically it’s platinum coated in gold alloy, but since it’s the cost I know that’s turning you that particularly pallid shade of disapproving, we’ll concede that point.”
He didn’t like feeling like he was a slave to his biology, and he liked it even less that he couldn’t untangle whether he was so upset with Tony’s behavior after that interview because Tony was being unreasonable, or because the tom part of his brain did not like to realize that his mate still struggled to trust him outside of the battlefield.  Well and the bedroom. They did not have many problems there either.
“Island?” Steve, ever perceptive at the worst times, questioned curiously from the table as Tony laughed. Pepper shaking her head ruefully at Tony, waved at him to get going before turning to Steve with a pleasant if bland expression and fobbing off some bullshit vagueness about charity ventures. He loved that woman.
There had been a lab accident. A gamma blast later and Bruce had what Tony like to call a 'rage monster' living inside of him.
And it didn’t surprise him a bit when old Thaddeus thought to take advantage of the opening and stepped forward all straight backed and commanding with his hands firmly clasped behind his back.
They’d been briefed on the Avengers before the mission to prepare for their interference. He didn’t know why or when Stark had started using a shield like Captain America, but Stark wouldn’t be as proficient with it as his comrade. Ivan should have had the advantage of greater strength from the serum flowing through his veins, and Iron Man’s inexperience with his weapon should have made him sloppy. But as Ivan swung his enhanced arm, his opponent moved smoothly to block him, the smaller kat’s body taking the force of the blow with ease as Ivan’s claws scraped down the length of the shield with a screech. Something wasn’t right here.
He had people to take care of, villains to hunt down, and Maya’s research to pick through. He and Bruce had been in and out of each other’s labs the last twenty-four hours and not for the first time Tony was grateful that he was no longer the only resident genius in the tower. Tony was a quick study but Bruce had a stronger background in the squishy sciences than he did.
The strange kat perched on the counter laughs and the kit jerks, reminded again of his presence. He frowns. The feeling of jarring wrongness tickles at the back of his mind again. Makes the tiny store and everything beyond it seem somehow less real, as if he is staring through a fun house mirror at a reflection of reality but can't get his hands on the real thing.
But if Tony knew the pageant crowd it was those big sad eyes that would have won her the ribbons.  A deep brown, almost black near the outer rims but closer to the pupil they revealed hidden splashes of burgundy and flecks of feline green; they were the eyes of a lost child, carrying a familiar weight – the weight of too many loved ones gone, and too many dreams come to nothing – framed by a spread of thick inky black lashes.
In Tony's defense, he's had a lot on his plate what with dying again and trying to fix everything so that his people are taken care of if he croaks before he's ready. And Tony was so not ready to die, but it wasn't like fate ever bothered asking him when it came knocking.
Hughard’s memory is full of words. If Tony could set fire to the perfectly impressed picture shows in his mind he would have set his brain ablaze years ago to burn out all of Hughards speeches and rants and cutting remarks. Quips and quotes and shouted demands.
I'm sorry this is so late. It's been a rough time. I'm sorry there's no T'challa in this. There was supposed to be a whole other segment but things being the way they are I decided to just post what I have done. The title is taken from Jason Mraz "I won't give up", which is a great song coincidently if you're having a rough patch. At this time, unfortunately, I'm not sure when the next update will be.
“Uh no… that’s really not needed.” Bruce coughed sheepishly, turning a bit pink in the cheek himself. Tony raised a questioning brow, and Natasha smirked.
"Easy on the chatter guys." Steve warned from where he walked ahead, pushing through branches and ferns, directed by Tony and Natasha who had both gone high in the hopes of being able to see farther than a few feet in front of them through the mist.
"… and don't you think it's strange how it's so cold there? It's not very green at all so why is it called Greenland?"
There had been good things. Of course there had been. Tony was a hero in more ways than one and he’d done too much for people, and for Gata, not for there to have been positive voices out there, but they were perhaps intentionally drowned out by the bloated cancerous tumor that was Tony’s celebrity image.
Seeing Bruce’s curious look Tony waved his hand again, explaining offhandedly. “Every Christmas someone comes and reads to the kids. Big event for the tykes, great PR for the celebs.”
If anyone asked he'd say that wasn't the time for mercy (and it totally wasn't) but honestly, he was just nowhere near a bathtub.
As lost in the mist as he was. The (not) Loki had said. Yeah well, bad news for the cuckoo-bird but Tony didn’t need to rely on his eyes to find his team.
"That’s the problem with running a company and being on the Avengers Ty, so much less time for beauty pageants."
It gave him the peace of mind and the confidence he need to admit, "Knew I was going to bond with you then, just waiting for the right moment."
“I can try.” He drawled in response and Tony’s heart picked up speed slightly as Steve leaned down to press a kiss against his jaw. “And I’m going to be right here for you.”
“Thirteen.” He muttered, still sounding as appalled as the first time he’d realized. “And we still don’t know anything more about his situation or how he got his powers?”
"Jung owed me a couple of favors so I called them in. He thinks he got the better end of the deal." Tony replied, taking the opportunity while the tom’s back was turned to scrutinize him closely, searching for any signs of injury.
Sure, they weren't machines but even the most mysterious and erratic piece of themselves, their oh so sacred emotional center, could be boiled down to a series of functions (of inputs and outputs and coded responses).
“But he knew things about her he couldn’t have known Tony. How else did he get that information if not from me?”
“This is your fight Tony." Steve finished softly, hands clenching the roof edge as he dropped his head, the gesture almost uncomfortably vulnerable. "I understand why you have to fight it this way and I won’t stand in your way. I’m with you, because it’s right, and because I don’t want to watch you fall again and wonder if I was part of what pushed you. I can’t. I can’t Tony-”
Longing. Rusted. Seventeen. Daybreak...with every word spoken he twitches and moans, like there’s someone driving nails through his head but there’s no shaking them loose.
Not to get it wrong. He needed that too. He didn’t know what he’d have done if Pepper and Rhodey hadn’t seen him for what he was and made a mutual pact to always put up with him no matter how broken he got. But even good things had their downsides.
A putrid smell was filling Clint’s nose and as he watched those livid lines of fire growing on the man’s body as he stalked Clint, barely flinching with each arrow that struck him, he realized that it was the smell of burning flesh.
Mrs. Keener screamed and Harley ducked as Tony was pushed back over the table sending the harvested computer crashing to the floor as the bright burst of current crackling in the center of his palm was pushed forward in a bright beam that scattered furniture in the small space and blew a smoking hole in the opposite wall.
He didn't like when his teammates kept making moves without being upfront with the team, or the thought of the shelter kats being used in a fight they didn’t fully understand.
The impression of them all was so strong like they were just waiting outside a door in his mind. If he could just find it and fling it open they'd be there with him inside his head and he didn't know whether he wanted to scream at the realization or sob in relief.
"It was nice, him wanting to rub everything and lay on my stomach..." Steve went on hesitantly, forking at the food in the carton in front of him but making no real attempt to lift anything to his mouth. "But after the serum it was different. I suddenly knew how much he needed me. It was intense but it was more than just physical... When he'd surround me like that I knew he trusted me... wanted me. I couldn't think of anything nicer than wearing his scent and being close to him, you know?"
But with less than twenty-four hours to come up with some way to prove to Mr. Stark that he belonged there, Peter was in a slight but sweaty panic as he sat in the empty meeting room, fumbling nervously with his visitors badge to keep from picking at the expensive couch he was sitting on.
Jena’s eyes widened in alarm as she pulled Harley closer to her, looking wildly towards Coulson and then towards the door speculatively and Steve could see that she wanted nothing more than to leave; but Harley glared balefully at the she-tom.
Phil eventually gets Tony and Natasha situated in the back of a medical van and gets them on their way to the hospital.
“Louder JO.” Nyota commanded the AI and a moment later  JOCASTA had the halls of the ARK thrumming with the sounds of electric pop, base, and the melodic crooning of Sia circa 2013. Was it weird being in a decade when one of her favorite artists had yet to burst onto the scene as the out and proud bad ass Nyota knew her to be, still hiding her features behind an oversized wig and the costume d’jour? Abso-fucking-lutely, but no weirder than anything else about finding herself in a decade before she was even born, and having to infiltrate her father’s life in order to save it.
"Ah yes, this iron armor you mentioned." RaTu blinked slowly at him. "While I am sure it is perfectly serviceable on Midgard, I really do doubt it will hold up against the combined weapons of Asgard and the Black City."
“You guys are out numbered. You sure you don’t want to call for backup?” Steve, ever the gentlemen, asked and T’Challa smiled back with his teeth.
On the one hand, being in the middle of a tom pissing contest is exasperating but on the other hand Steve apparently isn’t so mad at him that he isn’t willing to initiate jealous shower sex. So, win? Yes definitely win.
Two Asgardians (that Tony had to presume were Thor's parent's by the crowns and the giant staff the one eye'd king was holding all kingly) stood on the deck of a large hovercraft that to Tony resembled a viking longboat, but he knew better than to try and tell Thor that. Beside Odin and Frigga there was a slender fel, panther-like in appearance, wearing a surprisingly understated circulate crown.
"And only 45 minutes late. Give the guy a medal." Pepper chuckled. "I think you'll like this one. She scored extremely high on the aptitude test and is a student at your Alma Mater."
It was late when Tony made his way up to the penthouse. By rights he should have been exhausted by the time he and Pepper wrapped up the last meeting of the day (a video call with the Forman in charge of the build over on the Island) as it was fifteen after nine in the evening and past decent dinner hour.
Nyota was one of the last to stumble into the canteen four hours later. The sun had risen and the others had already cracked into the ARKS food stores. Those deemed old enough not to set the ship on fire took turns cooking for the others. It had been Kate’s turn this morning and Nyota was glad because besides herself, Kate was one of the better cooks. She could scramble an egg without burning it at the very least unlike some other people Nyota could name (Jaime).
The soldier had been on a mission involving a delegate with a taste for fels in heat, and Pietro had picked the wrong thick-headed bodyguard to try and pick pocket.
“Furthermore,” Tony began again, because he figured he might as well take advantage before T’Challa realized that the title of reasonable adult definitely did not apply to one Tony Stark. “Thank you for warning me about Steve’s bond loss. He might still be suffering if you hadn’t backed up Harley’s data; but that said, stay out of my relationship. Okay?”
Tony dodged another swing from Thor’s hammer and did a one eighty. Cap had leaped to Natasha’s defense on the bridge but they were outnumbered now that T’Challa and the other remaining Dora Milaje had joined the fray. T’Challa was focusing all his energy on Cap, forcing a wider and wider gap between the two while Nakia and the other she-tom ganged up on Natasha.
One of them appeared suddenly beside him, as if she’d always been there even though Tony couldn’t recall her separating from the circle. Her skin was dark, her hair white as pearls, the thicker hair that covered her tail and ears white with the black bangles of a tiger. Her eyes reminded him of someone, dark and lit from within by a swirl of amber and flecks of gold.
Tony jerked at the sound of the unexpected voice, unintentionally slamming the back of his skull against the underbelly of the machine he was currently under, fine tuning some of the more delicate wire work.
“No! No, it’s just that this is so cool. This is… this is –” Peter grappled for words and blinked away the onset of tears he’d just promised Tony weren’t coming – he refused to blubber like a helpless kitten in front of the guy who’d fought off terrorists and aliens. But it was clear now more than ever that a mistake had been made, and Peter just didn’t feel right, not telling him the truth.
Wanda was leaning up against the wall of the alley, her hood not hiding the nervous way she bit at her nails. Ivan made his approach noticeable. Pietro was the first to look up and spot him, tugging on his sister’s sleeve and gesturing toward Ivan with a flick of his tail.
"I'm Kitty. And that's not a code name though I wish it was. This is my boyfriend Peter Rasputin, which is also serious. Believe it or not." She gestured to the smitten looking fellow beside her and Tony nodded in greeting. Steve was frowning between the two, likely because Peter looked to be firmly in his twenties and Kitty decidedly less so but Tony really couldn't judge that either given his own colorful past.
“Don’t press hard, or the whole thing might come loose” the old man warns, guiding his hands gently, and his brow furrows in concentration.
It was obvious to anyone with eyes in the elegant design and silver detailing. But then again, if Natasha was more free with her own passions perhaps a few people would be tempted to suggest she had her own nerdish tendencies. She did threaten Clint with bodily torture when he'd tried to call dibs on the craft, after all.
Steve couldn't finish. It doesn't matter because the memory is haunting him, so strongly that Tony almost doesn't even have to reach, it's pushing itself forward, begging to be looked at.
“That’s why it has to be someone you knew before. I have a theory about that, and in a second we’ll know if Natasha can confirm it,” Tony murmured, flicking his fingers to reveal the digital folders contents, images and scanned documents and data floating around them in a swirl, JARVIS bringing one file in particular to the forefront and enlarging it, but Steve didn’t even seem to need it. He was already breathing the man’s name in on a strangled sounding breath.
He flinched as he felt something settle over his body, relaxing only when he realized that it was a blanket. Steve’s hands smoothed the soft cloth over his shoulders and moved upward to gently slide his fingers into Tony’s sweat curling hair and he felt his body sink into the bed, a quiet purr rumbling in his chest.
She gestured with her head and Tony's eyes followed hers across the room to where Barton was standing in a group that included Thor, Bruce, and the gaggle of bureaucrats they appeared to be entertaining with some wild story. Clint looked happy, calm, self assured and Bruce even managed to look more comfortable than Tony would have expected.
“I might actually be able to help with that.” Tony admitted and when Steve gave him a surprised look he just shrugged. “I’ll explain later. Let’s just say I keep my finger on the superhero pulse.”
She was laying on him, body limp and skin cold to the touch in a way that made him shudder (like a dead fish). Quickly, he sat up with a groan, flinching at the aches and twinges of his exhausted muscles but ignoring them in favor of checking Natasha for a pulse (it was weak and fluttery but there, thank god) and arranging her in a more comfortable position on her back.
"I care about her. I think we have that in common." Tony resisted the urge to dodge the compliment completely knowing that Natasha could still likely hear and thinking about what Luke had said, about not demeaning his relationships.
He really wanted to get down there fast but he was delayed by an incoming call from Pepper that JARVIS insisted he wasn’t allowed to ignore.
I had to rent a swimming pool just to have a place to stash all the hate mail. [He winks, and the audience laughs nervously] No, in all honesty it’s been wonderful, and people have responded to our relationship very positively. And I don’t like to think of myself as dating Captain America because yikes that sounds like red, white, and blue balls doesn’t it? [Stronger laughter from audience] As for Steve, I like being with him. He’s amazing. Annoyingly so at times, but what’s a guy gonna do?
Where Hughard has grown tired of Tony always being underfoot and is always calling for Maria to ‘come get the boy’, Tony is uncle Obi’s little man, and Tony collects every gem of advice on manhood that Uncle Obi readily doles out.
“It is late. Time for all good superheroes to be in bed.” Tony agreed for the sole purpose of bringing the meeting to its official close. He let the chairs creek and the bodies shift as the room began to disband.  Steve made it too the door first, caught in some strange place between restless and lost, as he lingered clearly waiting for Tony. He watched as Natasha grabbed Clint by the elbow to murmur something low in his ear, and then turn and nearly make it to the door before he cleared his throat and announced, “Before either of you wander off to dreamland, Captain, Romanov, I’d like a word privately.”
JARVIS had tapped into security cameras in the mall, as well as the footage being shot out of a news chopper that was circling the crisis area – so the whole team was tense as they analyzed what was happening and quickly developed a strategy for dealing with the situation. It took him a moment to realize that the feeling of panic and distress nibbling away at his concentration and pulling at his heart strings wasn’t coming from one of them, but through the bridge he’d built between his mind and that of the Winter Soldier.
It had surprised Steve at first to learn that Wakanda was sending their prince, but Mr. Ross had explained that Pride to Pride negotiations were taken very seriously in Wakanda and for the Panther Pride, sending their nations Prince to speak with a foreign Queen was a symbol of great respect. Everette Ross struck Steve as very confident in his knowledge of Wakanda, which was strange. There was some story there.
"Don't worry about it.” Sam assured him with an indulgent smile. “With all the ways this could have played out, it's just nice to see so much good coming out of it."
.” Tony admitted, throat tightening with conviction. “But I’m not running away. I’m wearing it. So don't give me bullshit about trying to protect me. It was never about
He couldn't be sure, but if Steve's friend Bucky had been a queen it was almost certain that Steve had been fully bonded previously and what was happening now was his biology going haywire in response to that loss.
“We practice, Tony, so that we know what to expect on the field! We wouldn’t make that call in reality and we’re not making it in practice either.”
“The object of simulation six is to take down the flagbearer of the opposing team. The flag bearers must stay on their designated castle mounts but are allowed to defend themselves and perform offensive strikes. All players may use any weapons of their choosing, but drawing blood is strictly prohibited and will result in an immediate loss for your team and termination of the simulation. The floor while cushioned is also metaphorical lava. Any player knocked back to the floor has suffered a violent fiery death and is effectively removed from further combat. Teams please choose your flagbearers.”
All the better then, for it was better to build alliances than to hold grudges, and Midgard was a vulnerable place. More fragile than any of his young friends yet realized. They would need powerful friends in the future, Thor mused to himself as he watched them get suited up for the hunt.
Off world their comms shouldn't work without satellite connection, except they had Tony and his Extremis powered brain which untested theory said could do anything a satellite did and more. He should be able to direct their signals between their devices over short distances without too much of a problem.
“And nevertheless, they are not children of Wakanda.” T’Challa replied dismissively, turning his gaze back to Tony. “When Agent Romanov was shot, you knew where to find her even without being told. You would have been able to follow your bond no matter where she went. Leaving Wakanda is forbidden and a near impossible task to achieve in secret. It is not possible for my mother to have missed two children roaming so far from the pride. Even if they are low born, their absence would have created a ripple that eventually she would notice.”
“It’s good to see you happy for once, but it’s terrible for business. You’re useless to me like this.” She’d teased before shooing him from the conference room and Tony had happily obliged.
“Tony I’m… I’m sorry.” Tony fully expected it but somehow he just wasn’t braced for it when Steve turned and left him standing there staring after him, his strangled apology still echoing in Tony’s ears.
"I am utilizing your American obsession with the democratic process."Luke explained in a tone that was somehow one hundred percent serious even as he was grinning down at Tony like the cat that got the canary. "My vote, is no."
“I respect that this is difficult for you. I respect that diving into your past probably feels like opening Pandora’s box, and I respect that you think keeping silent will protect me and the Pride. But you’re wrong and I can’t let you be wrong.” When Tony spoke again the harshness had left his voice but it was no less firm. This felt like the most important conversation he’d ever had or ever would have.
"Tell him that. I'll let him point out the hypocrisy." She stripped away the last of the bandages with a firm pat on his side and smiled at his flinch. Served him right.
“As long as it takes to get through to him.” Tony replied. Steve didn’t look happy about that. Tony squeezed his arm tiredly, mustering up a smile. “Hey, he took me by surprise this time. Nobody said I planned on just taking shit lying down. This is me Cap. When have I ever rolled over and cried uncle? Trust me with this. Okay?”
“You’re sharing sensitive information with your teammates?” Pepper sounded pleasantly surprised by this. “I’m impressed. Does this mean I can count on you keeping your head down and letting someone else take the risks for once?”
The smile faded somewhat as the group in the booth laughed at something he’d said. Only it was more like Prince T’Challa laughed. His intimidating bodyguards didn’t look much like the laughing type. T’Challa on the other hand… the guy was looking at Tony like he was the brightest thing in the room, which wasn’t an unfair reaction to someone like Tony granted. But Steve didn’t trust the guy. He’d lied to everyone once and it was clear to anyone with ears that when it came down to it he was always going to be Wakanda’s prince first and a friend second.
Steve released his mouth with a groan and buried his nose against the side of Tony’s neck, inhaling deeply while one hand dragged down over Tony’s slick belly. Tony can’t blame him. Right now Steve smelled great to him. His scent gone all woody and smokey with aggression. This is jealousy he realizes. Jealousy and possessiveness burning hot amidst all their unfinished arguments. Steve’s still angry with him and having that anger channeled at him this way is both worrisome and tantalizing. Steve won’t hurt him. He knows that. Trusts that. But they can find release this way. It’s better than screaming at each other.
Amory grunted as she pushed him aside, her fingers flying over the controls as she adjusted the machine. In the back of her mind she knows she doesn’t have enough time. Her fingers can’t type fast enough.
While Tony had spotted more than a few kats on collars and leashes, there were plenty of bare throats in the room and the whole vibe was just... different. Warm somehow. It was just in the air he guessed, the air of people who had been coming here for years (in some case decades) who had seen good and bad times together, seen new comers come and go, and weathered all the changes just to come back to this spot. A safe place.
"There is an us?" Natasha asked poignantly arching a skeptical brow in Tony's direction and he rolled his eyes but decided to let her have it because it was a fair enough question considering he held the keys to this wagon train.
“Sharks have not been known to eat hens, Sir. I believe a wolf would have done better.” JARVIS sassed and Tony made a low sound of displeasure, hair rising on his tail and ears.
Bruce warned even as a swift rush of approval from Natasha flooded through the bond followed by a simple thought.
Truthfully, Tony had JARVIS keeping an eye on the city, watching for anything that might be going bump in the night wherever his competitors were concerned.  Spiderman just had a habit of popping up around OSCORP and once Tony’s interest had been piqued, discovering the costumed hero’s identity was as simple as catching the teen creeping into the upstairs window of the little brownstone he lived in with his aunt on a traffic camera.
"I'm standing here talking to Captain America, trying to meet Ironman and you want to talk about star struck? Nah man, I'm just trying to avoid an issue. You were giving off some pretty intense pheromones when I walked up. You're not going to bite my hand off if I go for a shake are you?"
Tony saw himself admit with a rueful grin before whistling for the attention of the kits. "Right gang. Not so far out. Not until you've mastered the doggy paddle."
"That's because  an unconscious baboon could build better." Tony couldn't help but sneer, even if it only helped prove Fury's point. Hammer Tech sucked. "You could build a time machine and abduct my five-year-old self and he'd be able to out class Hammer Tech."
Tony eventually came around, and Clint didn't think that would have been possible if he'd learned the truth any other way.
Bruce didn't say anything but his hand reaching up to grasp Tony's arm was all either of them really needed.
So there was originally a scene between Tony and Thor in his workshop that I cut, because while entertaining and informative, that same information will be covered again in the next chapter and it was very different in tone from the other two portions in this one, making the chapter longer than it needed to be. But if you'd like to read fun times in the lab with Bruce, Tony, Thor and Tony's robots I can always post it as a separate piece.
Amory nodded, a relieved smile curling his mouth he went back to his work, fingers flying through blue dots and binary codes with renewed confidence.
They grow and they are forces of reckoning. Merchant of Death and Black Widow. Comprised of jagged edges and brittle parts they cut a bloody swathe through the world and dance with the worst of themselves, they do not hide their leper’s spots (because they can’t). Especially her. He sees it all. He doesn’t flinch.
"Tony... I know how you feel about bonding. I meant what I said. You don't need to sacrifice anything for me. I'll be fine."
He started out as Zero. A nothing. A nobody whose name is as unimportant as his designation, but nevertheless was the foundation of all that made asset number thirty-two - sequence X, a success.
"Now you have to help..." She wheezed through stuttered breaths, hunching as her hands weakly gripped the hilt of the knife.  "We can save... so many lives."
The medic had been assigned officially by Coulson to monitor all their new injuries, (as well as old ones in Clint’s case) but with Natasha and Tony both back on their feet now he pretty much just came to hang out with Clint and laugh at the other tom while he kicked his ass at Mario. For a super spy, Clint hadn’t seemed to catch on yet that Luke was full of shit and he was no more from an (increasingly) underdeveloped “village” than Tony was.
"Ah, I see our small friend is still irate with me." Thor chuckled, easily stepping over the robot with his long legs, narrowly avoiding a vicious pinch from his pinchers as Tony, who was over by his workstation looked up from his work just long enough to snap his fingers in a scolding fashion at the bot.
Going to the Island and seeing how their future was coming along had been great, but there was nothing in the world like coming home.
It gave Tony a vicious thrill of pleasure to bare his teeth at the man in an imitation of a smile and bite out a warning, “Maybe I’m not your kind.”
“But what it really is, is Pride. Welcome to a little healing center I’m calling Resilience. In Resilience, you’ll find comfortable living in a safe clean echo friendly environment focused on community growth and development. They’re not just going to have schools, they’re going to have health care, they’re going to have jobs. Jobs that help sustain their way of life where they aren’t going to be demeaned. Even the lowest janitor is going to know that they’re valued and have a voice on the community council. They are going to sustain their own way of life. What the island can’t do for itself I’ll handle, but the less we have to get from elsewhere the better. Because once we have this, we’ll need to protect it.”
MORE OR LESS. WHEN IN PERIL, QUEENS CALL THEIR OWN TO THEIR AID. YOU ARE CALLED BECAUSE YOU ARE IN HIS HEAD, WHERE I HAVE ADVISED YOU IT IS DANGEROUS TO BE. THAT, AND YOU STAND BETWEEN HIM AND THE ONLY OTHER TWO WHO WOULD HEAR SUCH A CALL.
"No. Just of becoming me." The Asgardian smirked. "Nobody likes a God who plays tricks, anymore than they like one who courts death. We are of a similar shade you and I... That is why I have come."
“I had JARVIS run a background check on the company Travis said his brother volunteered with and they’re a front. We haven’t found a link to AIM yet but Tony, the money leads back to Viastone.”
“You can’t deny it Stark. Didn’t I tell you I’d make you greater?” Killian leaned down to crow, while Tony struggled beneath the crushing weight on his chest. The guy looked crazed. His clothes were mostly burnt through and his skin looked like a lava lamp, pulsing and glowing dangerously, but he either didn’t notice or didn’t care. Tony hoped he blew sky high.
The neckline of his shirt was designed to plunge to just above where the scars from the arc reactor began. He was proud of the dramatic display of bare skin at his neck and unapologetic of the statement it made.
He thought, swelling with pride at the sight of how beautiful she was, as if he’d had some sort of personal hand in it for fucks sake. Somehow, he just knew he’d find a kindred spirit in this girl. It was similar to the pull he’d felt with Harley and Peter but more intense. The way corgis and mastiffs were both dogs.
The kit has no note to show the grocer, cause his boy didn’t send him on this errand. He and his Ma are too proud to complain about how empty the pantry is and his boy is still angry about how they had to get the money.
“Yes. The Alurio believed that whether one came to a Queen with personal, political or romantic whims, that they must be courted. It would have been an insult not to. I am nothing if not traditional.”
Inside Tony’s head there was nothing but raw agony. The virus was going to kill him. She was certain.
Wanda’s lip quirks upward in a hint of a smile. She says nothing about the threat he knows she can read in his thoughts.
He had fully expected his ownership to be transferred to Stane, because with as much as Tony did behind the scenes for R&D Howard would never trust Rhodey, a military man, not to take advantage no matter how many times the man asked.
I just want to remind you that this series SPOILS a major plot element in I'll Never Wear Your Broken Crown, so if you somehow missed that up till now, abort. Abort!
They sit poised at the beginning, ready for Tony to break down that barrier... but none of them want to entertain the notion that he possibly can't.
“It’s an illusion. We’re all trapped inside our heads. I can pull us out, but you’ve got to help me.”
Jaime glowered at the young tom, looking like he was going to start an epic scold and Nyota snapped her fingers, drawing their attention back.
“What’s the matter kitty?” the guy taunted in a gravelly voice behind him, still coming fast. Whatever the fuck was happening internally to light him up like a Christmas tree wasn’t helping his voice box any. “Can’t take the heat?”
It's the eve before Tony's nano-surgery and the commencement of Resilience marks the beginning of a new era for Gata. They say change invites challenge, and the rule appears to be true for the avengers as a brand new kind of villain appears on the scene.  Pride Avengers must team up with T'challa and his team to solve the mystery behind the sudden appearance of enhanced Gata soldiers but Tony's first priority as Queen must be to secure the well being of his Pride and that means pulling on threads he's already been warned to leave alone.
"The Captain is upon the tower roof and I do not know if he has slept. He does not look well. I fear his mind may yet be unsettled by the broth and that he may come to some injury."
"They're janky as shit. Building robots this small is... harder than I'd expected. They either break down on their own, or Extremis forces them to. Also the silicone isn't biodegradable so I keep flushing them out like toxins which means spending more time on the pot than I'd like."
Tony stopped struggling if only because he was dangling in the air secured only by a single mans arm and he wasn't suicidal.
“Isn’t that my line?” Steve didn’t laugh at the joke but he slid his arms around Tony and breathed deep, taking comfort in his scent as much as he was the physical closeness. He needed this, Tony realized. They both did. It was one thing to know that Gata bonds were intimate, another thing to experience it.
Tony ignored the whispers and stares, reducing some of the brain capacity he was using to sweet talk his way inside The Dagger and reallocating it to the confrontation at hand as T’Challa stopped before him. He was curious he’d admit, to see how the tom thought this whole thing was going to play out. Tony kept silent, simply arching a brow at the tom to signal that it was his move.
“If Billy’s going then I’m going.” Teddy declared and T’Cael screwed up his face and straight up yowled.
Tony always let JARVIS harass him into bed early the night before and resisted the urge to drink his weight in alcohol (that was saved for later) because he knew that if he gave in to the desire to just lock himself in his lab all night and crack open the bar, that he'd be in no shape to do what he'd done every December the 24th since he was twenty-eight years old.
“Well don’t keep me in suspense.” Tony urged leaning forward, his tail twitching in anticipation. “It’s rude.”
“Of course we will. We have to. The incursions are going to keep happening either way, and it’s still our best option for escaping them.”
Tony woke with a sharp gasp, lunging up in bed, the strange nightmare still holding him in its grip for a heart-pounding moment until a whimper pulled his attention away from his slamming heart and the panic of going from that brilliant wonderful dream to whatever the hell that had been in the end.
And that was a problem because Steve was the one who still suffered from the most isolation, whose brain map looked like a portrait of depression and post-trauma.
“It’s supposed to be stronger, but I can’t get it to work right.” The kit finished despondently, like all his dreams had died with it as he frowned down at his creation and Tony resented the flash back to being of similar age and height, wilting as Howard criticized his work.
Steve had thought that if this was Pride, if they could all just stay exactly as they were right in that moment, then he never wanted to let it go.
The first time Tony woke after surgery he felt like a train had hit him and when Pepper appeared over him to push his hair back and through a tearful smile ask him how he was doing, he’d answered her by promptly passing out.
Loyalty. It wasn’t like Tony couldn’t understand loyalty, and he was still learning about the Alurio but he knew enough to know that loyalty to Queen and Pride was pretty damn not optional, but even so… T’Challa had already said it.  None of it changed the fact that Tony had trusted someone who turned out to be lying to him, and even a good reason for it didn’t reassure him that T’Challa was someone who could be trusted in the future. If anything his reasons pointed out all the reasons why he couldn’t be.
“It really isn’t.” Tony jerked out of the tom’s grasp, heart still clamoring in his chest, skin crawling at the thought of being touched by strangers so close to his heat. Especially a strange bossy tom. He wasn’t used to being bossed around by other kats. Not to sound like an arrogant dick but he was kind of a big deal and most kats were either too star struck or too tamed to be anything but timid when interacting with him.
Too long without food and sleep and they end up crashing. From the foot of his hospital bed Obie sighs about the lost production time but he can’t completely hide his pleasure. The new bundle is going to blow anything else on the market away. They’re already itching to get out of bed.
Slowly, too slowly, the ship climbed into the sky, rising above the city into a blood red morning as the earth heaved and crumbled below them. Buildings were toppling around them like poorly stacked towers of blocks and the ARK tried desperately to weave around the falling debris.
Tony swallowed, skin prickling strangely as T’Challa’s eyes bored into him, completely at a loss for words. It was strange and unexpected to hear the tom baldly admit to what sounded like feeling something real for him and to fear on top of that.
"No, but are you sure you should be out like this if you're underage?" Steve asked as the bar tender slid their drinks toward them. Well Tony's drink and Steve's water because he made the valid point that nobody drank shitty bar beer for the taste and it had no effect on him so water.
And weirder than that (if it could get weirder) there was a pulse coming from his chest. Clint had no idea if he was imagining it, if a human’s ears would have been able to pick up that insistent building rhythm, but he’d had enough experience with bombs not to question his instincts when they screamed: BOMB.
Steve had never seen Clint wear a version of the formal jumpsuit so popular for Gata, but tonight he was. The deep v cut down the center of the black and purple silk, displayed his muscled chest and arms and made the collar he wore around his neck seem like a beautiful ornament. They all knew how Tony felt about them, but he was glad the engineer had not let that keep their friend from something that obviously brought him a great deal of pride.
The flames are spreading and all he can think about is how they should have listened. How they never listen. A snarl rips out of his throat and turns into a roar.
Rhodey tightens his lips but he is no fool. He nods his agreement silently and Hughard accepts this, nodding decisively as if something has been settled.
The guy in the medic uniform though looked like he’d never been timid a day in his life and that was just off. Something was off, but Tony couldn’t think right now, with all the noise and the smells and the trauma beating at his senses. He closed his eyes and tried to block it all out.
Nodding professionally in Phil's direction he began wheeling the tray away, only pausing a moment as he passed between Coulson and Clint's hospital bed to say, "a man is only free when he can live his life as he chooses without obstruction. Anything else is a form of slavery."
“Most of the young queens will be paired off eventually, except of course for the Queen’s heir. When a new Queen is coronated, before an heir is born, the Queen has a second, whom we call
“Guys! Guys! We’re home! I mean we’re not but- the broadcast, JOCASTA!” Amory panted, calling as he waved the tablet in his hand which was playing some sort of video clip.
After that mornings revelations Steve was almost happy that Tony had talked the team into a metaphorical corner and they were going to have to spend the afternoon on the practice field. It was probably a good thing anyway, given how long it had been since they’d had an organized practice what with everything.
It’s feral. It’s dangerous. It’s a queen on the brink of heat who has just had their territory invaded and it means people are going to get hurt. They just had to make sure Tony wasn’t one of them.
“Tony yes. Stand back.” He ordered with a snap, lifting the guts of what would (with better materials and a few more hours work) have passed for the core of a repulsor glove. Now it just looked like a mess of wires entangled around a metal disk attached to a microchip. Tony hastily tied some of the wiring around his wrist and his index finger to keep the firing ring nestled in the cradle of his palm. It wouldn’t afford his body much protection but given what he was trying to do he thought skin to skin contact would be better anyway.
"Must be one of those halfling things. Not currently capable of pulling my armor out of my bones, pretty sure I'd have noticed by now, but I've got a work around I'm kind of proud of."
"Yes, but she decided mommy knows best. Keep up Barton. " Tony recounted, rolling his eyes and Clint gagged.
He could still vividly recall being twenty-one and sitting at a table with Obi and the members of the board, everybody eagerly waiting to hear how the pie would be sliced and pretending sadness while the lawyer read the will.
THEY APPEAR TO BE TRAINED IN THE MARTIAL ART OF ỌRUNIYAN… AMONG OTHER THINGS. AT THE CORE OF ỌRUNIYAN IS THE BELIEF THAT THE ANIMAL WHO LEAVES THE GROUND FIRST MOVES FROM THE HUNTED TO THE HUNTER.
Steve’s cheeks pinked again but Tony didn’t miss the familiar flash of grief in his eyes that answered his question before Steve even opened his mouth.
"I'm not mad at you Tony. Your father on the other hand," she snaps, and Tony looks worriedly to Papa who winks at him.
A sharp whistle blows and a moment later a pair of police officers appear, grabbing the two young men roughly and yanking them to their feet in order to break up the commotion.
“Get your head in the game Stark!” Clint heckled from where he’d camped out in the observation booth with Pepper and Coulson. “We don’t need to be down another player.”
The little man of iron did not like the comparison, for an understandable reason, but the similarities between him and Loki provided Thor with bitter sweet comfort. He did not mind the bitter parts, for life was naturally bitter and sweet in turns and you could not fully appreciate one without the other. Though it came with painful reminders, he enjoyed spending time with his Midgardian friend.
Tony frowned, leaning down to place a steadying hand on Peter’s shoulder. The warmth of his hand seeped through Peter’s shirt and his strong comforting scent washed over him. Peter suddenly remembered being young and cuddling up with his parents on the rug, surrounded by their scents as he fell asleep to their gentle purrs.
