Dean looks back at Cas, at his gentle smile, and thinks this man would make a far better dad than John Winchester could ever hope to be. Dean clears his throat and looks out at the water. Now not only is he thinking of marriage, but now he’s got kids on the brain.
Not that Dean was complaining. The anticipation made it all the better and the whispered ‘good boy’ in his ear was nothing short of ecstasy. Dean came to terms fairly quickly that his desires bordered on strange at the very least, but Castiel never judged and no one else knew so he didn’t see the harm in indulging. And he felt safe with Castiel, safe in the knowledge that he knew what he was doing and would stop if Dean told him to. Safe that Castiel would never utter a word about his weird kinks to anyone.
John snorted a laugh and shrugged a shoulder as he double checked the recipe on his phone. “Yeah, well, I’m not too surprised. Castiel was always a bit of a loner. Didn’t like being around a lot of people. He’s grown out of his awkwardness, but I’m betting he jumped at the chance to leave such a busy city. It’s quieter here and Castiel seems to like quiet.”
“You’re not,” Castiel said softly, pressing his cheek to the top of Dean’s head. “And not talking to me is a problem. You understand.”
He heard the crunching of snow nearby, but he kept his eyes closed. The sound stopped and he didn’t hear anything for awhile other than the whistle of wind through the trees, a twig snapping here and there, the occasional hoot of an owl.
Cas stood and laced their fingers together, then led them over to the futon. He sat with his back against the wooden armrest and pulled Dean between his legs, draping his arms around his neck and letting them dangle over his chest.
vision, for the story has changed a bit from the original one-shot I wrote in early 2017, and so we'll be making a few small changes to the first couple of chapters to reflect that. When you do come back to read, I encourage you to re-read the first five chapters as well.
“…What else was he supposed to do?” Dean’s voice broke through Castiel’s mental berating, rough and low. The angel snapped his head up to find Dean’s eyes on him. They were glossy, which Castiel was sure he supposed to ignore, with a desperate sheen.
It’d changed since he last saw it, the most notable differences being a desktop computer with a large screen sitting on the wooden desk and a large flatscreen tv with what appeared to be a new X-box hooked up to it. Dean couldn’t see what was in the closet, but he was willing to bet it was filled with new clothes, fit to his size and taste.
Missouri hums as she chews, wiping her mouth on a napkin. “Unless you can get me a slice of that handsome Mr. Singer, I'm ‘fraid there's nothin’ else you can do for me.”
Castiel pressed his lips together and stroked Dean’s back. “You won’t be alone, sweetheart. I’ll be there with you. Whatever happens, I’ll be right there.”
He hesitated, wondering what he was supposed to do. He feared emerging from his little hovel, but there wasn’t any food. The small kitchenette was bare, and Dean would need something to get him through the next few days.
“Right, well you go on and get some rest. We'll be right here if you need anything.” She touched his arm again and he nodded, giving them both another smile as he walked back to his cabin.
“Yeah,” Sam says. “I'm off tomorrow anyway. You two have to be up early.” Sam smiles to himself, and Dean ruffles his hair playfully, earning a groan from his little brother.
Too much time passes, and Cas wants to speak, but he feels anything he could say is already past its expiration date. The real crime in all Castiel's relationships has always been lack of communication.
“Sure did,” she replied, giving him a warm smile. “Inscisors look good. Any trouble with them? Pain?” She indicated she wanted to check his neck, letting him bare it for her so she could check his lymph nodes. “Little swollen. Just have your heat?”
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat and his slid his hands up Dean’s thighs, pressing his fingers into the skin. He watched him intently, the air thick between them, bodies tense.
Cas shrugged, giving an annoyed huff, clearly in a mood that didn’t involve talking. “I patrol every night. The perimeter near the cabins, then the entire perimeter of the whole camp. The spot you snuck out of? I’ve been telling Benny it needed fixing for weeks.”
“She’s all yours, Dean,” John said, still grinning, reaching over to squeeze his shoulder. “I went today and picked up my new truck just so I could give her to you. I know you’ll love her just as much as I did, take good care of her-”
“Already got you,” Dean said, his own eyes widening a bit at the realization. “You’d really do this?”
“Mmm, it's true,” Cas sighed, resting his cheek on the top of Dean's head. Another moment of silence and Cas tapped him on the arm. “Actually, we should, um…” he gestured between the two of them. Dean sat up and Cas got up and walked over to the kitchen where he wet a towel and brought it back over, wiping up the mess between them. They zipped back up and Cas sat back down, smiling over at Dean as he buttoned up his shirt.
They bathed slowly, the door to the bathroom open so they could watch the sun go down behind giant skyscrapers and city lights replace the natural light of the day. There was just as much traffic at night, if not more, but there seemed to be less honking and tire squealing, like the people of New York relished this time of day similar to the way Dean did at home when he and Sammy used to watch the sun rise or set from their seats on the porch.
Dean doesn't say another word, just holds the door open for them and his breath catches in his throat as Cas shoots him another glance on their way out, his eyes full of regret and longing and a million other things that Dean can't decipher. He watches them walk the back way through the halls, the opposite direction of the event, and once they're out of sight he turns and heads back to the gymnasium.
Dean shifts uncomfortably in his seat, his oversensitive dick dragging tantalizingly across the front of his pants, and it takes everything in him to suppress a moan. He presses a flat hand down on his crotch, leaning forward slightly against the table, holding his breath.
"Still so fuckin' tight..." Cas muses, and Dean hears him rustling before hearing the crinkle of foil packet.
Cas’s apartment is in a depressing-looking building in a part of town that Dean didn’t care to leave his Baby sitting out in. With a lot of trepidation, he parks her in an empty spot in the crumbling parking lot and jogs up to the second floor, rubbing his hands over his thighs nervously before knocking.
Castiel never stopped bathing him, but his jaw set in a hard line briefly before he tilted his head and licked his lips, clearing his throat. “No. No, it doesn’t get...lonely. I’m not the type to crave that sort of relationship, or connection, with other people or really, with the outside world in general. I keep to myself, I keep my head down, I do my job and I come home...where I feel comfortable, and where I can be myself. The less others know about me, the better.”
,” Dean rolled his eyes. “He was mostly cool about it, but...I don’t know how well he’ll take the fact that I’m moving.” Actually, Dean was pretty damn sure how John was going to take it, and it wasn’t a conversation he was looking forward to.
Cas nods and narrows his eyes in concentration, already lost in the world of editing. Dean wonders how Cas edits his pictures when he doesn’t have Dean’s laptop to play with.
“You have nice eyes,” she said finally, putting her arms up on the armrests of her chair. She smiled then, the small gap between her top teeth making Dean smile back before he could stop himself.
"Nothing worth having is ever easy, Dean," Lisa laughs a little, "but if you don't try for what you want, I'll kick your ass myself. You owe yourself happiness."
He makes the fancy hot chocolate, with real cocoa and topped with whip cream and chocolate shavings. He brings out two mugs and sets them on the coffee table. Dean doesn’t really want his, but he takes a sip so Cas will get the idea. Anything to get Cas warmed up without forcing him into a blanket burrito on the bed.
He feels a tug on his arm and looks down at Cas, who is sitting calmly in a chair and looking up at Dean worriedly. “I’m fine,” Dean lies through his teeth, sitting down heavily next to Cas. “They, uh, have sick bags on there right?”
“Just beautiful,” Castiel murmured, sliding his hand down Dean’s chest, close enough to his cock that it was all Dean could do not to lean up into the touch. Dean kept his eyes trained on him as he stroked himself and slowly moved his finger in and out like Castiel asked, trying to do everything he was asked to distract himself from his watery eyes.
inside him. He didn’t know what that was or how Cas knew to touch it just right, but it was fucking fantastic. His cock twitched between their bodies, pre-cum leaking onto Cas’s stomach and smearing as he writhed on top of the Alpha. Each tiny movement from Cas’s finger sent a spark through his system, a convulsion of shocking pleasure that Dean didn’t know how to deal with. He spasmed, his hand moving to grip Cas’s shoulder, the tips of his claws sinking into the skin. Dean’s hips snapped back, grinding down as his body sought more.
“P-please,” Dean sobbed, his hips stuttering, seeking both the sting of the belt and the warmth of Castiel’s hand around his cock.
“I...like that idea,” he breathed, opening his eyes. “Maybe...um, against the kitchen counter, too.” He shuddered and lifted his hips slightly. “Or...against our tree...you know, when it’s not freezing.”
“Anael,” Naomi said softly, trying not to disturb the friendly conversation between Chuck and Luc about religious difference. She inclined her head to the door. “Would you mind?”
She turns and leaves, shutting the door quietly behind her, and Cas is left alone again. Not for the first time, his tiny apartment suddenly feels huge, and he feels lost inside the flaking plaster and wall-to-wall carpeting.
“Well, he worked here for a long time,” she said with a small smile. “He was always the first one here, last one to leave...as the receptionist, I kind of know all and see all.”
Castiel smiled softly at him again, and laid a hand on Dean’s cheek, sliding down to cup his jaw and stroke his cheekbone with his thumb. “Good. Now, I want you to touch your pretty cock, baby.”
, that’s gorgeous,” Cas murmured, his voice raw, holding his hand out for Dean to lap at his palm as he stroked his hair with the other. “Sweet Omega...know just what to do to drive me wild. That’s it...show me how much you love it, pretty baby…”
Donna paused momentarily before laughing again, almost immediately stopping herself when she saw the confused look on Dean’s face.
Cas's expression softens and he actually looks a little surprised, his tongue darting out to wet his lips before he finally steps back and opens the door a little wider, a wordless invitation for Dean to come inside. He does, and Cas closes the door softly behind him. He walks over to his coffee table and crushes his cigarette into the ashtray, then gestures to the other room.
Dean rolled his eyes, but couldn’t really argue with that. He couldn’t remember the last time he picked up Vonnegut. Still, now that Sammy picked it he couldn’t copy his resolution.
Dean bites his cheeks to keep from saying something he’d regret later. Truthfully, Cas’s family sounds like shit and he wants to tell them to go fuck themselves, but that’s not what Cas needs to hear right now.
again. It was crazy to feel something like that for a man he barely knew, who barely knew him, who he quietly obsessed over for years. Dean tried to shake it, to make himself get up and drive home, but he had no desire to do either. Call him selfish, but he wanted to stay in this expensive, comfortable haven and ignore the responsibilities waiting for him back home. So he didn’t protest when Castiel refilled his drink, instead welcoming the fuzzy-headedness.
When they are safely on the ground, Dean breathes a little easier. It takes a day and forever for the plane to come to a stop and another friggin’ day to actually get
. From the classics, to life-like, to glass, and some that had massage beads and some that didn’t even look like they were modeled after a human dick.
Instead of answering, Dean decided to start undoing Castiel’s pants. Cas tried to shift away, which was just stupid, but damn it now was not the time!
before pressing his lips together tightly and glancing over at Rory’s door, then finally looking up at Dean with wild eyes. He bit his lip and plunged his fingers deeper, tentatively adding a third and feeling Dean’s hole clench around him, attempting to pull him deeper. Cas tongued his bottom lip as he panted, chest rising and falling rapidly while Dean stroked down his shaft and began to massage the knot at the base.
Missouri looked at him thoughtfully for a moment then hummed to herself, wiggling her finger at Jack until he grabbed it tightly and immediately began chewing.
The guy blinks and looks up at Dean, tilting his head in this stupidly adorable way that could melt Dean right there. He raises a brow questioningly.
The sex shop sits on a corner between a donut shop and a Mexican hole in the wall restaurant, which Dean thinks is an odd spot, but whatever. The sign reads ‘Love Potion’ and is a faded pink color that probably used to be a shade of red.
Cas didn’t miss a beat, pushing himself up on all fours and taking his rightful place behind his Omega. He lined himself up and paused, running his calloused hands up Dean’s backside, along his back, and finally hooking them over Dean’s shoulders as he fully sheathed himself with a throaty growl.
"Nono, 'm fin'ly seein' clearly," he slurs, taking another step, and Dean presses a hand to his chest, stopping him before they both end up falling backward into the toilet. Cas's eyes are wide and they can't seem to focus on anything. His tongue darts out to lick his lips slowly, and Dean knows it isn't at all meant to be sexual, but he can't stop staring.
“That’s my good boy,” Castiel murmured, helping Dean to his feet and gripping the back of his neck as he pulled him forward, kissing his forehead again. “Now, come. I have the upstairs bathroom better equipped for you.”
Dean likes to think his Cas is still in there somewhere. That underneath all that power, his friend is trying to break free but simply isn’t strong enough to get through. The thought both comforts and terrifies Dean. Wakes him every night with his heart hammering in his chest and tears sliding down his cheeks. It’s worse each time, the image of Cas reaching out to him, fingers outstretched. But Dean’s grip fails and Cas plunges into darkness.
“I hardly see the point in this particular instance.” There was a hint of a smile in Castiel’s voice, and Dean found himself grinning at the road in front of him like an idiot before clearing his throat roughly.
Dean moaned into his mouth and canted his hips forward...all he could do with his hands frustratingly pinned above him. Castiel slid his hand down Dean’s thigh and guided the leg around his waist, only then letting go of his hands in favor of lifting him to carry him to the bed. He finally broke the kiss to retrieve the lube and step out of his own wet swimsuit, slowing his breakneck pace to gently open Dean up.
Dean nodded, his heart skipping a beat, but not out of fear. He was nervous, which felt sort of juvenile, but he couldn’t help it. He had little skill when it came to this sort of stuff, plus he knew despite feeling ready he would tense up with that old fear that was so hard to shake.
“Ain’t nothing to it, girl,” Dean smiled encouragingly at her and waded into the water along with Castiel. “You like playing in the tub, right?”
“No knots,” Dean stammered, his scent souring with fear as he burrowed deeper into the covers. “No knot, nononono…”
being right there, at that moment, is what scared me the most.” Dean frowned, trying to understand his reaction and only serving to confuse himself further. “I dunno. I was fine, I was great, everything felt...
Dean prepares the bun while the burger cooks, adding all the traditional toppings. He adds fries to the plate and finally the burger last, then removes his gloves and throws the halter of his apron off his neck as he exits the kitchen with the plate.
This seemed to satisfy her and she smiled. Dean carefully got up from the bed. He could probably send Rory to the kitchen herself, but he found it difficult to let her wander off alone.
He grunts and arches slightly off the bed, allowing Cas to lave his tongue down the shaft and swirl it around the head a few times before he makes a disapproving noise and pulls him off. Cas pulls the sheets back with a huff, letting them bunch around his shoulders, and moves up to straddle Dean.
, per se, but it's kind of cozy, and just a quick look around makes it abundantly clear that Cas is so much more than the persona he dons in public. There's no television that he can see, instead almost a whole wall of bookshelves overflowing with books that, from the looks of it, are well-loved. There's a decent-sized plaid couch that looks like it may be a pull-out, a large wooden coffee table with a sliding door on its side, and a large black bean bag-looking chair off to the side. There's a guitar sitting on a stand in the corner of the room. Pulled up in front of the couch is a small easel, and Dean isn't sure how he hadn't noticed it before, but the walls are covered with different pieces of art, and that's when Dean puts together the fact that Cas, all black fingernails and sexual deviance and sharp tongue, paints. And draws. And...
“She knew,” he said finally. “Ana fuckin’ knew what would happen and she went behindmy back anyway-”
“Got any slices left? Ol’ Ellie seemed mighty hungry for ya earlier,” Dean teases as he leans through the window, tapping his fingers against the frame.
Charlie's expression changes immediately to one of recognition, and her tone is sincere. "Dean, where is he?"
Dean groaned and dropped his forehead to Cas’s chest, ignoring the deep chuckle from the Alpha and leaning into the fingers that started combing through his hair.
,” Dean rambled, fingers digging into Cas’s hand as he rolled his hips. He moaned immediately as Cas’s cock grazed and dragged against his walls, his passage fluttering and clenching enthusiastically. “Alpha, it’s so good….
Castiel pressed his lips together and sighed, shoulders lifting and dropping slightly as he hung his head. “I’m just concerned for you, is all. I won’t be able to sleep or think about anything else if you leave tonight. I want to take our time, talk, so I can figure out what I did wrong today and what I need to do to fix it. And most importantly, until I know, I don’t want you out of my sight. If Sub drop were to hit you when I couldn’t get to you, I’d never forgive myself.” He looked back up, eyes scanning Dean’s face. “Just please, stay here tonight. Call your father, then call Charlie, make the arrangements. I’m giving you permission, just for tonight, to lie to your father about where you are.”
Cas smiled and nuzzled his jaw. “Good. I just worry, Omega. With all you’ve been through, in a mere year’s time. You’ve come so far that it’s easy for me to sometimes forget the things you’ve seen and experienced in the past. I don’t want to make assumptions about the state of your well-being and be wrong.”
Cas waves a dismissive hand at that, but it’s forgotten quickly, and he starts signing furiously. Dean chuckles and steadies his hands, pressing his thumbs to Cas’s palms.
Dean swallowed and reached for Castiel weakly before he even realized what he was doing. Already he felt alone, his Alpha leaving him here to suffer as his body convulsed in pain. He opened his mouth to call for Castiel, but the Alpha was already shutting the door and Dean was left to sob by himself.
Dean leaned forward, looking pointedly at the plethora of space left on the couch, then back at Jack.
At the end of that day a knock finally came at the door, and Benny didn't wait for an answer before entering. He removed his hat and scratched nervously at the back of his neck as he surveyed Dean curled up under the blanket and shivering so hard his teeth were chattering. He stepped up and laid the back of his hand across Dean's forehead, whistling as he pulled away.
Dean sighed again and flopped back onto the bed. He wanted to ask Anael more about Castiel, given he’d only had a few hours alone with her in the car for the drive and he’d been too tired to really talk for about half of it. But he also felt like talking about Castiel- intensely
That confidence surely did little for Cas, though. Dean was sure Ysabella hadn’t planned on dying either, when she fell pregnant with Rory. But unfortunately, there was little Dean could do to dissuade Cas from the idea that his second mate may not make it either. The amount of personal fault he probably felt for Ysabella’s death, and now the possibility that the same thing could happen to Dean...it was no wonder that Cas tried to keep all that to himself.
The next morning, Dean wakes before his alarm. He stretches slowly and rubs his eyes, and he’s about to roll over and go back to sleep when he remembers Cas. He shoots straight up and slides quickly out of bed, hurriedly crossing the room and flinging the door open. The light in the kitchen is on and Dean can hear the coffee pot brewing, but he can’t see Cas anywhere. His heart skips a beat but his feet propel him forward, and he turns the corner to find Cas blessedly sitting in the corner of the kitchen on the counter, jumping slightly when he sees Dean.
Dean follows him into the kitchen and sits down at the table, looking around as Cas busies himself with whatever is in the oven. Cas's apartment isn't particularly
Dean motions at all the drawings on the walls around him; everything from black and white portraits of Wyatt Earp and Batman to watercolor paintings of bees and blackbirds. "I don't know, man. It kind of seems like you are."
inhaled his bite of pie when he read the simple Novak scrawled in the left-hand corner. He sat his plate quickly on the counter and slid his hand under the seal of the envelope, tearing it open and pulling out a blank white card, with more of the gorgeous script on the outside.
While they boiled, Dean glanced out his window and watched the rest of the pack wake up. Men, women, and children all scurried about in the snow. Chimneys pumped out smoke as firewood was gathered, and very quickly the camp was full of life.
“Well, yeah, but I’m a greasy burger and loud music kind of guy.” He glanced at Sam, still grinning. “You know you’re too young to drink, right? Maybe I should chaperone-“
“What did I say about kissy stuff?” Missouri’s voice called out. Dean flinched and sunk lower in his chair.
Dean tensed and shivered, shaking his head. A loud, sharp smack landed hard on his ass and he arched and yelped, cock involuntarily pushed forward into Castiel’s hand. He trembled as he tried to relax again and Castiel rubbed and massaged the sensitive skin.
“I’m sorry,” he sighed tiredly, rubbing at his eyes and looking away when he started to feel them burn. “Just...we can just go eat and go back to the hotel? Please?”
“You’re the one who’s gonna be using it on me,” Dean shrugs. “Or telling me how to use it. I want you to pick. Tell me what to get.”
Dean rubbed at his eyes. He hated crying. It always left him feeling exhausted and his eyes fuzzy, blurry. He let the exhaustion pull him into a light doze, somewhere between awareness and blissful sleep, his mind thankfully blank under the gentle ministrations of Castiel’s hands. They were both silent save for the occasional whisper from Castiel, Dean never shifting away from him and Castiel never making any move to push him away.
"So fucking good, baby..." Cas murmurs, holding Dean's weight with a strong arm. "Look at me, gorgeous. Watch me."
“You’re right,” he says gruffly as they approach the lines to check their luggage. “I got you.  My guardian angel, right?”
“What did you tell him you were gonna be doing this week, anyway?” Anael asked, texting something on her phone. She tossed it back onto the bed and looked at him expectantly, raising a brow.
“I was five, maybe six,” Cas says finally, his voice sounding strange and misplaced after hours of silence. Dean frowns and tilts his head up to look at him.
I killed m’brother cause I couldn’t handle-a fucking bullshit party.” He laughed, scrubbing at his face, tears pooling in his eyes. “I’was my fault. He shouldn’t-a been out.”
Dean licked his lips, shifting to face Castiel, dipping his head to look at him. “Of course it did.”
“Well, I...yeah,” Sam shrugged, his leg bouncing underneath the table. “It could take your mind off things.”
“I know, Cas,” Dean murmured, nuzzling his palm. “Don’t doubt it for a second. You’ll save them just like you saved me.”
that maybe, possibly, in my wildest dreams, you could be a carrier. But it was wishful thinking and without knowing who your parents were...I just didn’t think it prudent to risk frightening you over something that may have not been true.”
“Where did he come from?” His eyes moved from Dean’s gaze over where the Beta still stood with his arms crossed, leaning against the wall.
They all chatted while the sun slowly set and Dean was pleased to see John only go through two beers before he called it a night, leaving the teens to their own devices.
"Or...oh! You know what you look like? One of those guys that hand out fancy towels in the bathrooms at upscale restaurants or something."
Cas huffs a silent laugh and moves to lay beside Dean, resting his head on his chest. Dean wraps an arm around his shoulders and kisses the top of his head. Cas tangles their legs together and splays his hand out on Dean’s stomach, lifting up his shirt to play with his happy trail.
He’s at work, Dean reminded himself as he grabbed his unopened books. He doesn’t have time for you right now.
Finally she moved. Sam shoved the basket forward, Jack hot on his heels. Except now there was a man trying, and failing, to pick up what must have been a 50 pound bag of dog food.
Dean blinked then snorted a laugh, his shoulders untensing and muscles unclenching. One of these days his constant worrying over Cas was going to give him a heart attack. “Food I can do,” Dean smiled, relief evident in his eyes. “C’mon.”
“There’s a difference between not wasting opportunities and being a whore,” Sam grumbles as he sprays down the bar, Missouri helpfully lifting her drink so he can wipe under it.
“You’ll notice there are quite a few pups here. A lot of Omegas found their way here when they were pregnant. Left with pup, abandoned, abused. You’ll have a hard time telling whose pups are whose.” She trilled a laugh, the genuinity of it almost making Dean want to smile. “It’s a typical pack mentality here. We all care for each other. Take care of one another. I have more pups than I can count in and out of my home in a day’s time.”
If they kept going, there’d be no stopping. The shock of that realization was like a splash of cold water and Dean took a couple of deep breaths through his mouth. There were many reasons why now was not the right time, one of the biggest being in the bedroom behind them. Another being that Dean knew he wasn’t ready to let this Alpha in yet.
He leaned forward and kissed the side of Cas’s neck, scenting him properly and shuddering when the smell of bonfire and pristine beach drenched his senses. “Mmm...I missed your smell. The cabin smells like you, but it’s nothing like when it’s coming from
"He's good. Heading out for another job tonight, s'why he didn't insist on coming for pictures and whatnot."
“Sorry,” she chuckled, looking genuinely apologetic. “I just figured I’d give it to you straight. Castiel is a bit of a perfectionist, even a little old-fashioned sometimes. He wants things done a certain way and only trusts those who he deems fully capable to do the work. He expects a lot, but he also rewards those who meet those expectations.”
the help before. And if you take it now, you’re leaving your father and brother to fend for themselves.”
Dean’s hands tightened on the wheel and his breath caught in his lungs. But Sam and Jessica were getting in, chatting and giggling and being generally annoying, and Castiel was looking out the window, and all Dean could do was drive and pretend he didn’t hear those words.
Castiel watched him closely, like he was looking for any hint of uncertainty. Finally he nodded slightly, cupping Dean's face. “Good. Never be ashamed of who you are. Anyone who matters will love you exactly as you are. And you are beautiful, Dean.”
“Of course,” Castiel splayed his hand across the small of Dean’s back, watching the muscle clench and relax under his touch. “I will have to mull over that for a bit, figure out the logistics, but I won’t make the same mistake twice.”
“You ran this place?” Dean murmured, sticking close to Castiel’s side as they crossed the marbled floors. Not too many people were there yet, since it was still an ungodly hour, but he felt odd- like a kid in a museum who was told not to touch anything.
Castiel’s own hands were shaking as he slicked his cock and lined himself up, but he sighed in relief when he fully sheathed himself inside, leaning heavily over Dean. He pressed their lips together again as he began to move, thrusting shallowly and circling his hips, more concerned with the kiss and the actual feel of being inside than he was with any kind of lovemaking finesse.
“Oh yeah, baby, don’t you worry,” Missouri waved a hand. “Dorothy knows just ‘bout as much as I do. We can handle things for a few days while she watches Rory. I think she’s pretty excited about it, anyway. Hasn’t been able to spend much time with the little thing in so long.” She rubbed her hands along her thighs and smiled up at him. “Although...and you didn’t hear it from me...I ‘spect I’ll still be seein’ quite a bit of her. Seems she might have developed a bit of a crush.”
“Dean?” He dropped his bag off to the side, gazing at Dean for a long time before finally looking back at Anael, eyebrow raised. “What’s going on here?”
“That's it,” Castiel said gently, nodding. He ghosted his fingers down Dean's neck and flattened his hand against his chest, rubbing soothingly. “Just focus on me.”
Benny nodded once in silence agreement. Bella had been strong and healthy, too. Her death had shocked everyone, Cas most of all. Cas had said, much later on, it had been like a switch. One moment she was fine, pushing the pup out and heart beating strong. The next, her whole body started crashing. Heart rate plummeted, her strength gave out, and she barely had time to reach for her newly born pup before the life left her.
“Dean,” he said breathlessly, like he was surprised to see him there. He kicked off his shoes and nudged them to the side.
He stood back while Dean stiffly crossed over the threshold, and suddenly the entire vibe of the house felt different to him. It was weird how he could feel so comfortable and uncomfortable at the same time, but the tension in the air had him jumping when he felt Castiel’s hands on his back, tugging his coat from his shoulders.
“-so that I’ll make love to you tonight?” Cas scoffed. “You do realize it’s only been a few days, right?”
“Daddy…” Dean whimpered brokenly, lolling his head to the side to nuzzle Castiel’s stubbled cheek. “I love you.”
Dean frowned at Rory’s bedroom door and heaved a sigh. “Coulda gone worse, I guess,” he mumbled quietly with a weak shrug. He wished he’d had a better answer for her, but the truth was him and Cas didn’t know what was going to happen. How this would work,
of being saved. Dean slides out of his chair and shuffles the few feet to Cas, his body moving without his brain even registering what was happening, a solid hand bracing himself atop the table to keep him grounded. Cas turns in his seat as Dean approaches, his expression a mixture of shock and expectation as Dean presses easily to his front. He loops his arms around Dean's waist as Dean drapes his around Cas's neck, and they meet in the middle. Much to Dean's surprise, it's Cas's mouth that opens first, allowing Dean's tongue entry and Dean takes full advantage, even as he feels Cas's hands tighten on his hips and he realizes he'll have bruises later.
“The meaning of kinbaku is literally ‘tight binding’,” Castiel said as he laid the rope out on the bed beside Dean, taking one of them in his hands and folding Dean’s hand over it. The rope was somewhat soft for what it was, and not too thick. Castiel held it, watching Dean as he pulled a piece between his fingers. “I’ll wrap you, bind you…” he held Dean’s chin again, turning his head to look at the far corner, where the big wooden X stood, “attach you to that middle hook there...we’ll go as far as you’re comfortable with. And safe words apply as usual.”
“You as well.” He smiled at her again then placed his hand briefly on the small of Dean’s back to lead him towards the elevator. Once the doors closed, Castiel pulled Dean close and kissed his forehead.
Dean gives a choked exhale and presses his tongue to the back of his teeth, a sort of something resembling adrenaline leaving him a little winded. “What?”
“Yeah, you’re welcome.” Dean sits the mug and caddy in front of him. “Hey, Cas, you got somewhere to go tonight?”
Dean’s eyes widened marginally and couldn’t suppress the shiver that ran down his spine. Something about an older Alpha had Dean squirming slightly and rolling his shoulders tightly. Castiel looked damn good for his age, too. Roughened, sure, but still healthy and strong.
is…” he cleared his throat and swallowed hard, “...between us. But...if I can help you, even a little bit, by being here...then I’m glad I came. Even if you just want to...y’know,
Cas loops his arm around Dean and pulls him close, laying his head on his shoulder. He reaches up and cards his fingers through Dean's hair, leaning up to press a kiss to his cheek.
Lisa,” Dean insisted, flipping the patties over and closing the grill. He sat the spatula to the side and turned to face them, crossing his arms. “It’s a mutual...whatever it is. We don’t, like, go on dates or anything. I think she just calls me when she’s bored.” He shrugged. “Works for me.”
Cas nods easily, eyes still trained on Dean’s face. It should be unsettling, the intensity with which Cas looks at him, but something about it is reassuring to Dean, grounds him, gives him support and confidence.
Dean nodded and stared ahead at the tv, resting a hand on Castiel’s thigh beside his face. Castiel’s hand in his hair and the low drone of the tv eventually lulled him into a restful sleep.
“Be that as it may,” Cas tried again to tug his arm free. “I’m still stuck. Please go get your tools. My knees are starting to hurt.”
Dean chuckles, wincing at another sharp pain in his midsection. "I'll be fine. Back at school on Monday. Then you can go back to ignoring me in the halls and acting like that night never happened. You're good at that."
Dean never really imagined much what the end of his hunting career would be like, but when he did it wasn’t this. Not lying on a bed, deep in a secret bunker, staring at a wall as he quietly let go of that part of his life.
Dean frowned and looked down at Jack, and had to agree with Cas. It wouldn’t be wise to push their luck. As much as he wanted to experience a real Chase, as much as his inner Omega wanted to feel that thrill of the hunt, he was not currently in any shape to grow a litter. Jack still had months before he was off breastfeeding, and Cas was right...adding his heat into the mix at present would make things unnecessarily dangerous for him.
Dean blinked in disbelief. That was it? He waited all damn day for ‘okay’? He growled and angrily stuffed the phone back into his pocket, storming out of the locker and earning a few curious looks from the other boys.
Dean looked as he fished his backpack out of the backseat to see Charlie approaching him with a raised eyebrow.
Dean opened up and let his thumb inside, sucking it between his descended fangs. His purr doubled in volume and he sighed happily, green eyes finding black and locking gazes. Dean was flushed all over, sweat glistening off his skin, his hair a fucked out mess from Cas’s fingers tugging and pulling.
. Long. His slick gushed like crazy, making his passage soaking wet and every little movement caused a squelching sound.
“Oh, I don’t know, drinking, I imagine. More likely drugs. Naomi seems to be straightenin’ herself out now, but...too little, too late, I s’pose.”
“I mean…” Dean wipes his mouth and sets his tray aside, watching Cas. “Seems like he really cares about you… wants to spend time with you.”
Dean raised his other brow and wonders if Castiel is even religious. Probably not. Hopefully not. Dean has encountered overly religious Alphas before. It never ended well.
He stops abruptly when he looks over at Dean, who hadn’t yet realized the big dopey grin he had on his face.
“Interesting,” Castiel murmured, taking a nub between his fingers and rolling it gently. Dean moaned and jerked, face flushed a bright red.
Dean felt odd. Alone. Isolated. But that was nothing new. He’d spent most of his life this way. He blinked, watching a pregnant Omega waddle carefully, a Beta close by her side. She looked plump, well cared for, healthy.
“I bet you have cool stories to tell,” she continued, hopping through the snow. “I like stories. Sometimes LiLi tells me stories, and sometimes Papa, and sometimes I tell stories to them. I like making up stories.”
Dean jerked awake some time later to the sound of an alarm blaring from Castiel’s phone. He was still laying with his head in Castiel’s lap and he sat up, rubbing his eyes as Castiel fumbled to shut off the ringer.
. And if he couldn’t have me, he was going to kill me. Me and mom both. At least, that’s what he made her believe. He was real good at makin’ her believe she didn’t have options. And she was too fucked to know it.”
“Well.” Anael sighed and shrugged. “I wouldn’t take it personally. I mean, he barely talked about it with us, you know? After it happened. After Gabriel, I’m probably the one he’s closest to, and not even I could get him to open up about it. Dean, it was
,” Cas said, and Dean could hear his smile. “I just think we should perhaps wait awhile for our practically newborn son to get just a tiny bit more self-sufficient before we fill an already too small cabin with several more little beings.”
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but those beautiful eyes are on him, and he resolves to ignore it considering he hated those damn figurines anyway. He refuses to let sentimentality mess this up for him.
“Damn right, you will. Be a shame if your lack of manners is what makes her stop bringin’ sweets over. ‘S the only good food I get anymore.”
She skipped ahead, stopping and lifting a foot up to kick the snow off a stump, then jumping on top of it and turning back to look at Dean. “What’s ‘Dean’ mean?”
Rory emerged from her room, pulling her ragged stocking cap over her long wavy hair. She plopped down beside the door to pull on her little purple snow boots, and Charlie helped her up when she was done.
didn’t need taking up space in his memory. He had a pair of headphones strung up through his shirt, one hanging in the V of the shirt and the other still in his ear. He frowned and tilted his head as he pulled the other headphone out, lowering it slowly to his chest.
Dean shuddered, clutching at the cool glass, his cock bobbing between his legs. He pressed his cheek to the window and spread his stance, his breathing picking up when he heard the clank of Castiel’s belt. Knowing Castiel, he wouldn’t even bother to undress and would fuck Dean right into the glass completely clothed. He was proven right when Castiel pressed up against him and he felt the zipper drag against his ass, Castiel’s shirt caressing the skin of his back.
“You’re hilarious,” Castiel said dryly, finally picking out a dark blue suit and laying it over the bed. “Also, that’s a very negative stereotype.”
They shook and she pulled her hand back, sporting an amused smile. Castiel still hadn't spoken- probably too angry, if his expression was any indication- so Anael pulled the door open a little wider and gestured him inside.
Cas followed closely behind him, cock kicking between them and pulsing sticky cum onto Dean’s hand and his own stomach. His fingers gripped Dean’s hair as he squeezed his eyes shut and clenched his jaw, growling in his chest and panting. His fingers thrust inside Dean somewhat erratically as he attempted to work him through his own orgasm.
, and he's having trouble staying still despite already being bent over a sturdy wooden dresser. When Cas spreads Dean's cheeks wider and plunges his tongue inside his hole, Dean nearly comes right then.
seemed to echo off the kitchen walls. He moved desperately, as much as his wedged arm would allow, fucking himself back against Dean’s tongue and fingers. His cock hung heavy between his head, red and swollen with need. Pre-come dribbled to the floor as it bobbed.
Castiel shrugged. “I don’t know the future. But I don’t see how investing in your intelligence could hurt me in any way, so why not? Besides, given your skills, maybe you could work for me one day. The industry is desperate for minds like yours.”
I told someone earlier today in the comments on the last chapter that I thought there would be between 18 and 20 chapters when all is said and done. Now that I'm looking at what we have left to post, I'm not sure it will even be that many more. I'm thinking maybeeee 3 more chapters after this one.
Castiel held both ends of the rope in one hand, tugging harshly, causing Dean to gasp as he was pulled forward slightly. He stroked Dean’s cheek, and Dean found himself obsessing over the lines of Castiel’s too-pink lips, wholly focused on the texture and trying desperately to remember exactly how they felt against his skin.
Dean chuckled as he helped himself to a slice of the cherry pie that their neighbor, Ms. Moseley, made and brought over especially for Dean’s birthday, complete with neat basket weave crust on top. She was a little older and her son and granddaughter lived out of state, so she spent a lot of time visiting them, and Dean always offered to go over and check on her five cats when she was gone.
Yulia nodded at Castiel and looked over at Dean, finally giving him a smile and standing to shake his hand. He realized she was much more petite than even he originally thought, his hand practically enveloping hers completely.
Castiel hummed, threading his fingers through Dean’s hair and pressing a kiss to the top of his head. “I’ve done quite a bit of thinking about your plan of care, and I’m confident that I’ve discovered the best course of action for you. As I’ve said before, some people need this for longer than others. I’m going to be here for as long as you need, and when the time comes that you feel...fulfilled, that contract can be terminated at any time.”
Dean scoffed weakly and stretched out his legs with a small groan. “Why would I be jealous? I’m here and she’s not.”
“Oh, yes, boy...I’m going to have so much fun eradicating whatever’s left of your innocence.” He leaned forward, bracing himself with a hand by Dean’s head, holding the same thumb to Dean’s lips and giving a pleased hum when Dean took it in his mouth, sucking gently. He pressed the thumb to Dean’s tongue, pulling his mouth open slightly. “I can just imagine how absolutely sinful you’ll look when I’m buried in that tight little hole of yours. With you whining,
“Sorry, just…” Dean shook his head and sat the sandwich fixings down on the island. “I was just afraid...nevermind.”
“We can have it in the evening,” Cas pressed on. “Hang some lights in the trees. It would look…nice.”
He jumped, whipping his head around, but seeing nothing but black and blue clouds. It sounded like Cas, except…more. Like it was made up of thousands of voices and yet none at all.
Dean lost track of the days. Months passed. Maybe even years. It didn’t matter. It all felt the same to him.
Dean licked his lips and glanced down at his wrists, at the faint red lines circling them, and recalled the cool feel of the metal on his skin. The sound of the chains as he moved, the slight pinch when he pulled on them.
“Take your hand off me or I swear Cas ain’t the only one who is coming out of this with a bloody face.”
of men like me...because it was a matter of survival. Then to make the friendships you have, handle a little drama with grace and poise…” the corner of Cas’s mouth quirked into a smile. “The way you are with Rory...everything,
Dean opened his eyes and they widened as Castiel stared at him and nodded subtly, holding the plate with one hand and the fork with the other.
“Anyway. Mom and dad, they’re great parents. But they never understood Cas the way Gabe did. Gabe practically raised him. So obviously, his death hit Cas harder than anyone else.” She shook her head. “
The invisible tether holding Dean to his seat broke then, and he shot to his feet and reached across the table, grabbing Cas by the collar of his tee. Cas made it to his feet in time to brace himself against the table as Dean crushed their lips together, and he moaned around Dean’s tongue. The sweetness of the jelly only made kissing Cas that much more intoxicating, and he blindly shoved everything on the table out of the way as he maneuvered around it in the sloppiest way possible, refusing to break apart.
Dean scoffed and turned on his heel, stalking out of the room and toward the door. He yanked it open and was hit with a wall of cold air, so he pulled his jacket tightly around his body as he started down the walkway.
Dean firmly shook his head, arms tightening around himself as he held in a snarl. “No,” he growled, finding digging into his arm. “No Alphas. No knots. No one.”
Dean smiled when Donna lightly slapped Jody on the arm. “Don’t go giving him the wrong impression,” Donna said playfully. “I’m not that bad.”
“Can I ask you something a little personal?” Cas asked after awhile, the hand in Dean’s hair slipping down to his back. Dean looked up at him and shrugged.
it. I...loved it, actually.” Dean huffed a laugh, his cheeks growing hot as he recalled the absolute mewling mess he’d been at Castiel’s hand...and belt. “I just don’t understand.”
Dean kept his curiosities to himself after that, eating every piece and moaning contently when Castiel allowed him to lick his fingers clean. Afterwards, Castiel lead Dean upstairs and into the den. Dean immediately removed the rest of his clothes, folding them and placing them in their appropriate place. He knelt in front of Castiel, seated on his throne, and obediently settled into his position. Castiel hummed, a pleased sound, and reached out to cup Dean’s chin.
“Yes, sweet boy?” Castiel rumbled next to his ear, biting at the lobe and sliding the cool leather of the belt across Dean’s thighs.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded, the memory surfacing. “I couldn’t feel you. You weren’t touching me. I didn’t feel you nearby. You were just...gone.”
They sit in silence as Dean drains the rest of his coffee, and he moves to kiss Cas before he even realizes what he's doing. He catches himself, though, kissing his forehead instead and coughing once awkwardly. He gets ready quickly and pokes his head in the kitchen once more, giving Cas a wave and grabbing his keys. Cas raps his knuckles against the counter when Dean walks away, and he goes back around the corner once more, raising his eyebrows.
Dean laughed and tilted his head at Castiel, who’d barely given any indication that he was making a joke. “But what if it is?”
Dean snorted. “Yeah. Bet he does. He has to do all the cooking and cleaning and everything himself now.”
“Nothing, mostly,” Castiel huffed a small laugh as he grabbed one of the bunches of rope. “This requires absolute submission on your part. If I move you a certain way, try not fight me on it. It may not seem like it, but this can be dangerous if not executed with precision. To put you at ease, in case you’re wondering, I’ve been doing this for almost as long as I’ve been a Dom. I’m confident in my capabilities, but there is always a risk. So be a good boy and lie still for me.”
John sat his glass down hard and pushed himself out of his chair. “So all this about jobs and internships is bullshit. All that shit you both fed me was just a ruse for you to get my
Dean growled and rubbed his cheek against the glass, his thighs quivering as Castiel teased his prostate. He moved his hips back again, seeking more, and yelped when Castiel slapped his left cheek.
Dean swallowed and cleared his throat, pulling a couple of pieces of bread from the loaf. Cas shifted on his stool and frowned.
Castiel’s voice sounded fuzzy, far away, and it took Dean a moment to register he was being asked a question. He blinked slowly and looked up through his eyelashes.
“You do, too,” Cas grinds his hips down, earning a strangled gasp from Dean, and swallows a silent moan of his own. “You just don’t want to tell me.”
“I don't know,” he signs, “we've never really talked about that. I never really dated anyone before. It's just that my parents and my siblings are all very conventional and successful. And I'm just me.”
“You should,” Donna turned to head back to her cabin, but paused and looked at him again. “Were ya goin’ somewhere? Need a tour guide?” She motioned to her cabin and gave it a dismissive wave. “I don’t have much else goin’ on right now, if you’d like the company?”
He did speak with Garth a few more times, but they didn’t talk about much more than they had on their first visit. Garth seemed fine with that. He said no one ever got what they were looking for by forcing it. So he was willing to wait.
Dean blinks, shoving the car keys in his pocket and getting out of the car. He goes around to the passenger side and helps Lisa out, shutting the door behind her. They begin to make their way into the auditorium, Charlie now nowhere to be found.
It was late, very late. The sky outside his window was dark, but clear. Every star sparkling, not a single snow cloud in sight. Dean was on his bed, staring at the window blankly as he traced the familiar scars across his torso and hips. He couldn’t sleep. The poking Missouri had done, while informative, had drudged up memories. Dean knew if he fell asleep, he’d succumb to nightmares.
"Here. Drink." She says softly, and she watches as Cas raises the glass to his lips without argument and takes a few slow sips. It's then that he notices the bright red scratches across the left side of her face, and realization dawns on him.
“Mm, so maybe I need break it in,” Cas tongues his lip ring, glancing at the backseat then at Dean. He reaches out and just barely brushes a finger against Dean’s cheek. “We can see how well my baby boy rides cock.”
. He’d never felt so safe than how he does in Cas’s arms. So well protected and loved. It was miracle he’d found Eden and sometime he still expected to wake up from this wonderful dream.
“No,” Dean rolls his eyes as he eases the car onto the road. “I just don’t want my Baby smellin’ like an ashtray.”
Dean blinked then smiled softly, shifting to lean back against Cas’s chest, sitting in between his legs. “Was never upset about being a carrier,” he said quietly as Cas wrapped his arms around him. “It actually answers a lot of questions. And it just makes us...closer. I could never be
Dean sat up and helped Castiel with his tie, otherwise it was bound to come out a little crooked. Castiel put on his pants and shoes, then patted himself down to make sure he had everything. Dean walked him to the door and kissed him sweetly, grinning cheekily.
“Yeah, Kim makes a good burger,” Dean nods, licking some mayonnaise off his thumb. “You’ve never been here before?”
They’d already shared so much together, everything had already become so commonplace between them, that this was hardly uncomfortable anymore. It was almost just as intimate as the sex itself, in its own way. Cas had taken him apart, piece by piece, and put him back together. He’d seen him bruised and scarred, skin and bones, skittish and afraid. He’d watched him give birth and breastfeed their son. Cas had seen it all- just as Dean had said, right down to his very soul- and he was more in love with him now than ever before.
Flushing with embarrassment, Dean stuffed his hands in his pockets and hastily took off in the very opposite direction of Alpha’s cabin.
Now that I do, now that I’ve had a taste of mortality and what it means to live each day with the knowledge that one day, I won’t be here anymore...it does make you appreciate everything a bit more, doesn’t it? Telling you how I felt, that was my true happiness. I will only ever truly be at peace if I can stay with you. And I can only truly stay with you if I’m human.” Cas sat up fully now, propping himself up against the headboard, dropping Dean’s hand in favor of pulling him to his side.
She bowed a little as she walked by and back out between the cabins. Dean stepped up on his own porch and looked each way, watching all the people walking around and talking to each other, people working and still others occasionally getting after one of the pups. Dean was about to turn to go inside when he saw Alpha retreating down his hill at the end of the cabins, and he stopped to watch him.
Dean shifted and withdrew two fingers, frowning slightly at the sudden empty feeling. He did as told, curling his finger upward and sucked in a breath, jerking against Castiel’s thigh. His eyes fluttered, but he kept them open and on the man above him, mouth falling open.
Dean nodded in understanding. “Started building computers before I could even see over the wheel of the car. It’s addicting. Every time I finished one I’d start planning another. Better, faster, sleeker…”
Dean swallowed his bite of burger roughly and hoped his dad didn’t see his red cheeks. “Oh, uh, yeah? Must have gotten it from you.”
Cas blinks and laughs softly, closing the small distance between them and stepping between Dean’s legs. Dean slowly let his hands rest on Cas’s hips, squeezing just slightly, careful not to push or pull in any direction. Cas tilts his head and their lips brush briefly. Dean tastes menthol and loves it, chasing Cas’s lips when he pulls away.
“Guess so,” he mumbled modestly. “I mean, our dad isn’t a bad dad, he just...well. He wasn’t around a lot and, uh, when he came home from work he usually ended up passing out on the couch with a beer in his hand. Without mom around, I had to just pick up the slack.” He rubbed at the back of his neck. “It’s...it’s better now. Sammy’s older and he’s learning to do things for himself now. And my dad...he’s good too. Better, anyway.”
“You’re not desperate,” Castiel said evenly. “You’re attached. And yes, it’s normal, and no, I’m not put off by it. And as for the others… I don’t know. I never dealt with someone as explicitly touch-starved as you, but also, the others were much...quieter than you.” He quirked a smile. “They came to me for a reason, a service, and they knew what they wanted, and I just helped them get there. My...
“Now that cabin there, beside ours, that’s Kevin’s,” Donna continued, hooking her arm through Dean’s and placing a comforting hand on top when he tensed slightly. “Bobby and Ellen are down the way, off to the right.” She pointed at a cabin with smoke billowing out of the top and a shag rug laying over the porch railing. “Right next door to them is Rufus. Bobby and Rufus are a couple of grumpy old men, but you’ll grow to love them. They’d do anything for anyone. Okay, and next door to Kevin you have Eileen. She’s deaf, but she reads lips well. You’ll pick up the sign language soon too, I’m sure. Didn’t take me long.”
Dean squeezed his eyes shut and focused on breathing, in through his nose, out through his mouth, the way he’d been taught to help him relax.
Cas turned his head and their eyes caught, held, as Dean was dragged and hit and sliced. Asmodeus’s voice was loud, getting louder, and Cas shouted. And it took a Dean a moment to understand what the angel was yelling.
“Good boy,” Castiel smiled and Dean shivered, his cock twitching against his stomach. “We don’t have to rush anything, baby. We can take our time. Make this feel good for you. I want to watch you come all over yourself and I’m not even going to touch you.”
“Hm.” Yulia’s heels clicked loudly on the marble, methodically. She held a door open for Dean and he followed her down the hallway, turning at the end, passing by a bunch of empty rooms. She stopped at the end of the hallway and opened one of the doors, flipping on the light and ushering Dean inside. There were a few couches, a refrigerator, a table and chairs, and a large flat screen. She pulled a soda out of the fridge and handed it to Dean, giving him a warm smile. “You must be pretty smart, if Castiel is offering to help you build your career. He doesn’t vouch for just anyone.”
Admittedly, Dean was not the most stable person. Well, neither of them were. It came with the life. Dean had to grow up at the age of four, after watching his mother burn on the ceiling. Sam had no childhood to speak of, and when he tried to have a normal life it was always snatched away. In a bloody, violent way. And after a few ‘end of all things’, well you couldn’t really blame Dean for being a little rough around the edges.
“Remember anything from last night?” Dean asked hopefully, eyes flitting between Castiel and the television.
Dean trembled and his breathing turned ragged. He squeezed his eyes so hard it hurt, but it kept the tears that were threatening to spill inside. “...I was small, and he was big,” Dean whispered brokenly, his voice rough with raw emotion. “And I...I wasn’t strong enough to fight him off.”
Cas smirks and starts folding up their blanket, stopping to take Dean’s hand during the landing, which is definitively the worst part of the flight that Dean can remember.
if you don’t want that. It’s just, maybe if someone is there that you’re comfortable with, you won’t have such a miserable time. And if your parents get to you, there’s someone there to bail you out.”
Dean blinks then smiles, the feeling a little foreign and kind of hurting his cheeks. He nods and walks out the door, hoping the day goes by quickly.
The wolf stopped twenty or so feet away, sitting down on his haunches. He leaned forward marginally and inclined his head toward Dean, bobbing it slightly. It took Dean a moment to realize he was scenting him. It stopped and blew a puff of air out of its nose, then scooted forward a little and scented the air again. Finally it stood and took a few slow steps forward, scenting as he went. He stopped when he was about halfway to Dean and sat again, then slowly lowered its body to the ground, its front legs straight out in front of him. It lowered its head too, until it was almost touching the snow.
Cas quirked a smile and got down on his knees by the futon, lowering himself to eye level with Dean’s belly and dragging the tip of his own finger over it.
Cas always had him. Caught him, held him up, pulled him out. Dean had selfishly thought the angel would always be there. Never spent the time to really savor each moment. Never said the words that needed to be said but ones that he could barely even think in the privacy of his own mind.
Cas gave him that gummy grin he loved so much, eyes crinkling in the corners. “Howl you gonna treat me that way, Dean?”
Castiel sighed, laying his hand flat against Dean’s chest and sliding it down slowly, expression thoughtful, like he was exploring new territory. He stopped when he reached his thigh, pressing his fingers into the soft skin there.
Dean rubbed at his tired eyes and dug through the cabinets until he found the coffee. He rested against the counter as the machine gurgled, then poured two cups and slipped back inside his and Castiel’s temporary bedroom. He sat one of the mugs down and crawled back into bed, turning the tv on low as he sipped at his drink.
"Cas, hey." Charlie smiles, cupping his cheek with her hand. He looks over at her with wide eyes, then past her at Dean, and his innocent look immediately morphs to one of shame. He doesn't speak to him, just wrinkles his brow into a pained expression before dropping his eyes to the floor.
Cas laughed, burying his face into Dean’s neck and inhaling deeply as he rubbed his palm against Dean’s cock again, causing the Omega to arch into the touch with a soft gasp. He looked down at Jack, finding him sleeping soundly with his cheek pressed against his chest. Dean sighed and dropped his head back again, canting his hips upward.
“No, I’m sorry,” Dean shakes his head and kisses Cas on the forehead. “Really. I know I’m bein’ weird. Don’t worry about it, okay?”
Castiel hummed as he dumped sliced cucumbers into a large bowl, moving onto cherry tomatoes. “For other people, yes. Not so much myself. I tend to order in or snack if I’m by myself.” He looked up and raised a brow. “Do
He huffed and stepped inside his cabin, shutting it firmly and locking it. He didn’t want visitors and Benny had a tendency to walk in unannounced.
Cas purses his lips, but shuffles out of the room, gasping when Dean smacks him on the ass on his way out. Dean sighs, surveying the mess his angel has made of their room, and gets to work repacking it all. When it’s all packed and ready to go, Dean dumps his suitcase and duffel bag on the living room floor. He grabs Cas’s empty mug wordlessly and fills it up with the last of the coffee, handing it back to him with a smile.
Dean snorted. “Believe that,” he mumbled to himself. The girl talk enough for the both of them and then some. “Caught two,” he said a bit proudly, a smile tugging on his lips. “Benny’s right. Gotta be quiet.”
“You don’t even eat anyway,” Dean muttered. Sam winced and scrubbed a hand over his face. Here it comes.
“He seems the type to break shit,” Bobby turns and walks out. Cas blinks at his retreating back then looks back at Dean.
Dean sees his house in the distance, Sammy in the front yard throwing a baseball straight up in the air and catching it over and over. He smiles to himself.
“Oh, yeah. You wouldn’t know it lookin’ at him now, but he was this-” John chuckled, shaking his head, “scrawny little fella back in high school. Tall and gangly and...well, like I said,
Dean swallowed and mentally cursed that he couldn’t blame his stupid tears on the pregnancy anymore. “Thank you…” he murmured, wiping quickly at his eyes. “Um, wh-what...what were some of the things I could do to prepare…?”
“Yeah, I guess.” She laid her head back against the chair and sunk into the seat. She crossed one ankle over the other and clasped her hands over her little belly. “Did you catch any fish with Uncle Benny? He used to take me fishin’ with him a lot, but sometimes he says no cause
“It’s not,” Dean shook his head, clenching his still sore hand around his knee. “Goin’ off like that-”
Benny jumps a little at the sound of Dean's voice and when he looks over, there's a small blush across his cheeks. "Sorry, brother."
Audrina shakes her head at him disbelievingly, her eyes slightly widened. "Okay, well then maybe it's time to give her another chance..."
Dean chewed his lip. He could think of a bunch of things he wanted out of this, none of which he could ask Castiel for.
Castiel set the plate aside, wiped a few crumbs from Dean’s lips, then trailed his fingertips down the side of Dean’s neck. He stopped at his collar bone, smirking briefly when he felt Dean’s fingers slip beneath his shirt to trace his hip bone.
Suddenly Cas doesn’t feel like an artist. His sketch doesn’t come close to doing Dean’s face justice. He’s spent a lot of time staring at the guy, sure, but no amount of studying could ever help him to memorize every little detail just right. Each time, he notices something new: the prominent cheekbones and sharp curve of his jawline, his shapely lips, straight teeth that are angled slightly back, caramel skin with a light dusting of freckles across his cheeks and nose, what seems like a constant state of five o’ clock shadow, and olive green eyes (that happen to shine a bright pear color in the sun, not that Castiel would have ever made that comparison if he weren’t an artist, of course). It’s necessary to his passion to notice things like that.
“It’s strange, the things that are attractive to us, isn’t it?” Castiel continued, reaching out to take one of Dean’s hands. “But it’s the nature of human psychology I suppose, wanting the things we were deprived of. Or the things we lost.”
“Okay. Okay, that’s fine.” Castiel dropped his hands to his sides and nodded toward the lobby. “I’ll have Yulia show you to a waiting room of sorts. Somewhere more comfortable than the lobby.”
“Um.” Dean looked past him to the car and back into the house, and hearing no sound from the living room, assumed John was either passed out on the couch or already gone to bed. “I guess I can take a look at it, see if I can figure out what's going on.”
Charlie stares at him a long moment before nodding slightly. She grasps Cas's hand tightly with her own, turning more toward Dean and leaning in close, lowering her voice so much that Dean almost didn't hear her.
“Mother,” Castiel greeted warmly, guiding Dean close with a hand on the small of his back. “Dad, Michael, Luc...this is Dean. Dean, this is my father, Chuck, my mother, Naomi, and older brothers Michael,” he gestured to the dark-haired man, “and Luc.” The blonde beside him nodded curtly.
“I expect you to behave around me always,” Castiel said evenly, fingers twitching on the couch. He paused and licked his lips, eyes flitting over Dean’s form. “However much I find your eagerness...arousing.”
John shook his head, shoving a few fries in his mouth. Dean dropped his plate on the counter in the kitchen and grabbed his keys, slipping quickly outside and dialing Cas’s number.
Cas opens his eyes again and looks down, subtly acknowledging his own cock, still huge and hard between his legs.
“That’s true,” Michael nodded, ignoring Luc all together. “You were too quiet to be a nuisance. Fiddling with your computer thingies.”
“Uh, sort of,” Dean cleared his throat, glancing around quickly before lowering his voice. “I went to New York with, you know,
“You took this for me?” Dean asks quietly, running the tip of a finger over the picture, down one of Cas’s arms.
“Of course, Cas,” Dean said softly, relieved, his gut unclenching. He reached for Castiel’s hand and smiled briefly when Castiel wrapped those long fingers around his. “Just, um, maybe...don’t snap at me too much?”
“It would be irresponsible of me,” Castiel said finally, brow furrowed with regret. “My code is what makes me a good Dom, Dean. I made one mistake today, and I don’t plan to make another.”
Dean trembled and sucked in a shaky breath as he felt Castiel shift behind him, heart thudding with excitement when he heard the jangling of his belt buckle and subsequent sliding of his belt through his belt loops. After a couple moments of silence and nervous anticipation from Castiel’s absence, he felt a hand on his cock again, stroking quickly over the head and halfway down the shaft, twisting his hand tantalizingly.
Cas sighs heavily, his shoulders rising and falling with it. “Everything I just said. And I dunno...feel like I can be myself around you. I don’t feel that comfortable with...well, anyone, really.”
It was embarrassing, really, spending so much time thinking about him. Dean hadn't actually seen Cas since he dropped him off at the hospital after his sparring with Fergus. Dean tried not to think about how Cas's arm had felt around his waist as he helped him through the doors of the E.R., or the goosebumps he got when Cas firmly held the wrist of Dean's other arm, which was thrown around the boy's neck.
Dean is silent as Cas walks around the room, stopping every so often to fiddle with a stack of CDs or to flip through a book or scan over his collection of DVDs. He stops at a bookshelf with a few figurines on top, and Dean mentally cursed at himself for forgetting to discard of the porcelain angels that his dad told him his mother had insisted on giving him from his childhood. Cas turns halfway to shoot him a snide look, then raises a hand and flicks a finger at one of the angels, sending it tumbling to the floor. It shatters when it hits, pieces of porcelain skidding across the floor, and Cas's blue eyes light up with amusement as he looks over at Dean and smiles.
Cas all but collapsed behind him, wrapping his arm around him and pulling him close. He nuzzled against his nape and kissed the crook of his neck, leaving his lips pressed against sweaty skin.
Dean nodded and shrugged as he rubbed at his fuzzy feeling eyes. He really tried to avoid naps. They only made him more tired. “Pretty much. Poked her head out after you left. Told her she had to sleep, but she wanted to...be with me I guess. So we compromised.”
“I wasn’t gonna…” Dean started, voice wavering. He swallowed and tried again. “C’mon, man…you know I wouldn’t have actually hurt her. It was a bluff. I needed-“
“Fuck!” Dean growled, running a hand over his face. Castiel sat up in bed and laid a hand on his back, looking at him with concern.
“Dean?” John’s voice came from the living room, his tone giving no clues away as to his current mood, state of mind, or level of inebriation.
“Yes. And given our earlier conversation, I’ll save you the trouble of worrying about my safety. I want this. And if being knotted by you is what kills me, then I win.” Dean shrugged, smirking. “And what a way to go.”
She held out her hand and Dean stared at it, confused. Her smile faltered for only a second before she shrugged and let the hand fall.
Cas chewed his lip and plucked at Dean’s shirt. “Have you...ever had the desire to find your family again?”
“Not to worry, Omega.” Cas kissed him again, then reached up to lay his hand against his cheek, pulling him in to press their lips together. “Give your tired old Alpha a couple minutes to catch his breath. I’m gonna get you all cleaned up.”
Cas presses his lips into a thin line and looks down at his hands, rubbing a finger over the tattooed "k" on his right pointer finger. "They're panic attacks, okay?" He starts slowly, his voice quiet, "I just...get them sometimes. They're not a big deal."
But Cas pushes slowly, deeper and deeper, and he keeps pushing, until he is seated fully inside and Dean is moaning like the whore he claimed to be. Cas leans against him, panting heavier now than he has this entire time, and Dean is pleased with himself for being able to affect Cas in such a way. Cas hasn't even begun to move, and Dean is so full, his cock still hanging heavy and hard between his legs, slick with precome all over the head.
“Slow and gentle we’ve done,” Dean said, carding his fingers through Cas’s hair. “I like that very much. I like that you can be gentle with me. But I also know you’re Alpha...and a wolf, and you have...rougher tendencies. I want to know about the not-so-gentle things you’ve dreamt.”
rather excessive,” Cas signs as he looks around, his wide eyes taking it all in. “He’s probably making up for all the vacations I never took from him before.” He rolls his eyes.
“The rest of you...our Father left a long time ago, and that was hard. I thought the answer was free will. But I understand now. You
Dean frantically grabs for the remote, muting the television. He stares at the phone in his hand for several minutes, contemplating whether or not to answer. Why would Cas be calling? Obviously their usual nightly routine was out...he hoped that wasn't what Cas was expecting, but there was really no other reason for him to be calling. He wasn't one to just "check in". Did Dean even want to talk to him?
Dean gripped the headboard tightly and watched with wide eyes as Castiel lowered his head, tongue darting out to tease a nipple. Dean hissed and arched, then let out a filthy groan when Castiel reached down to grip his cock.
Dean was quiet for awhile, looking down at their hands, watching Castiel’s thumb stroke the back of his.
Charlie nods and grabs his arm, and they both sprint back to the restroom, finding Cas in the same position in which Dean left him, with a few of their classmates gathered around in curiosity.
"Oh, don't worry your pretty little head, Winchester," Charlie laughs, "it was nothing. I'm into chicks and Cas? Well...Cas is just...Cas."
He quickly pulls his pants back up, holding his breath at the feel of the fabric over his hard cock. He buttons the pants quickly and holds his hand on the door, listening for any sounds outside the stall. Someone shuffles around and clears their throat. The footsteps stop for a long moment and everything gets eerily quiet; Dean almost opens the door to leave before the shuffling starts up again, drawing nearer to his stall.
Cas’s nose wrinkles and the crinkles in the corners of his eyes reach almost to his hairline it seems as he grins Dean’s favorite gummy smile. A slow smile spreads across Dean’s face and he lowers his head, charging forward as quickly as the water will allow, getting only a glimpse of the half amused, half frightened look on Cas’s face as he tackles him into the water.
Dean was quiet for awhile, taking it all in. He looked down at Jack. “So do you think maybe...since I’m a carrier, that it’s
“Shhh… that's it, baby,” Cas thrust his fingers in and out of Dean's wet channel, reaching up to pull slightly at his bottom lip with his thumb. “God, you're so beautiful, Dean. So ready to please your Alpha…”
Dean blushed and swallowed, eyes glazing over slightly. “What, uh…” he cleared his throat. “What assignments are you gonna give me?”
After they hung up, Dean finally crawled out of bed and padded to the bathroom. He playfully shoved Castiel aside to get to his toothbrush.
,” Dean huffed through clenched teeth, his hips jerking. His body couldn’t decided if it wanted to grind down or pull away.
“Oh, Jesus Christ, Dean!” Sam yelled, turning back in time to cover Eileen’s eyes before she walked into the mess they surely looked.
Anael waved her hand. “Sorry. And we just all join in after him. Cas and I just splashed around at the shore, since I couldn’t swim well yet. He wouldn’t let me go any further.” She pretended to pout and nudged Castiel’s leg with her knee.
Castiel was silent for a moment as Dean continued to wash him, then sighed and took Dean’s face between his hands, tilting his head up to look at him.
They both looked up, blinking at Sam, who was sitting (and had been for quite a while) and eating lunch.
“Eileen and I will be heading out soon,” Sam said as he turned to slide some eggs onto Dean’s plate. “Couple of hunters came across a nest and they need some help taking it out.”
Dean eyes meet Cas’s. “Cas...there’s nothing wrong with sayin’ you’re scared. You know that, right? What he did to you-”
“It's nice having you here,” he said after a moment, resting his chin on Dean's shoulder and nuzzling his neck.
Castiel chuckled and Dean could see a quick look of pride flash across Castiel’s face before it was replaced with a humble smile. “It’s not as magical as it seems,” he shrugged. “It’s just like anything else. Practice, practice, practice.”
Dean moved to sit on the edge of the bed, and the woman returned a moment later with  the blanket she’d promised, draping it around his shoulders. “How ya feelin’?”
Cas murmured something in his sleep and turned over to his side, throwing an arm over to where Dean would normally be sleeping, and patting the empty space blindly. He lifted his head quickly and looked around, eyes finally settling on the futon across the room, and he pushed himself up slightly.
“Yeah. I guess...maybe when I was about...8? 9? I dunno. But at that point Alistair had been around for years. She lived next door, and we became friends. Her dad was gone a lot, workin’ I guess, and she was alone, so I’d sometimes sneak over just to get away. It was nice, havin’ someone to talk to.”
Dean sputters and gasps, leaning over onto the pavement as the black fades from the corners of his eyes.
“Look, I’m sorry you found out that way, too,” Dean sighed, running a hand through his hair. “It’s not like I wasn’t ever going to tell you, but I...hell, Sam, I was still coming to terms with it myself. It’s only recently that I’ve gotten comfortable with it. Most of my friends don’t even know. Just Charlie...maybe Benny. Hard to tell with him. Sure as fuck haven’t told dad.”
“Yes...but that’s not all of it.” Cas paused, then pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s neck, and reached around to rub Jack’s head. “The seed is stronger in wolf form, yes. But the instincts and pheromones released during the chase are also the cause for release of extra eggs, which- supposedly- makes for a greater risk of multiples. It’s as close to two wolves mating as possible, at this point, but I’ve never actually...
He gave Dean a peck on the cheek as he walked back over to wash his hands, like it was the most normal thing in the world for them. Cas sighed as he scrubbed his hands under the water.
“Don’t even know him,” he muttered darkly at himself. “Stupid, lovesick puppy.” He shifted and looked down at his naked torso. He ran his hands over his ribs, his too flat of a stomach, and down the splattering of scars that disappeared lower.
“Not at all,” Castiel shook his head. “It’s rather interesting, though. My past Subs would get a little heated with hand-feeding, but…”
“Well Papa usually likes me to call people ‘ma’am’ and ‘sir’ but if you let me call you Dean instead, I’ll let you call me Rory.”
Rory left the kitchen munching on an apple, and they spent lunch in Cas’s room, where Missouri brought the three of them soup. They left again a few hours after, retreating back to the cabin on the hill and leaving Cas to rest. He seemed to be in even more pain and refused to take medication as long as they were there, so Dean decided to cut the visit shorter than originally planned.
Missouri hummed and patted his back as he pulled away. “I only helped. Sometimes people need a gentle reminder of how incredible they are. It was in you the whole time.” She patted his cheek again and gave one last look at Jack. “Alright, then. You need me for anything, all you gotta do is ask.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but Cas had a point. He was stalling and they both knew it. But come on, he was about to slice the guy’s neck open and drain the very essence that made him an angel. It wasn’t exactly an everyday activity.
Sam grinned and lifted his freakishly long leg, putting his socked foot right into Dean’s face. Dean gagged and pushed it away, and Sam laughed like the giant brat he was.
“Vanilla,” Cas signs, then points to his coffee. He signs the same thing again, and Dean raises a brow.
“You don’t…have to be me. Or Cas,” Dean said. “You just have to be you, okay? Trust me, kid. We have enough of me going around. And Cas…well I don’t think anyone could be Cas even if they tried.” He smiled slightly, then quickly wiped it off his face. “So, just…be Jack, and we’ll be good, okay?”
Dean immediately pushes the thoughts out of his head. He runs a hand over his face. Sex definitely makes things complicated.
Dean snorted, the backs of his ears heating as he felt everyone’s anticipatory eyes on him. He slowly shimmied the top off the box, finding two brand new keys on a keyring, laying on top of practically balled up tissue paper. Keys that looked like his dad’s. The
“I love you too, sweet boy,” Castiel said softly, but his voice didn’t hold the same cadence it usually did, the same smugness in the words ‘sweet boy’. They were said lovingly, admiringly, reverently.
“I know, you hate talking,” she smiled and fixed some of his windblown hair. It was starting to get longer than he usually kept it. “But I promise it’s good for you. Even if it’s not with Garth. Just talk to someone, baby, anyone.”
“It’s hard on the body,” she finally said. “Omegas...well, we ain’t what we used to be. I’m sure Cas has told you some of this already, but we’re not as strong as we once were. There was a time when holding a litter would be normal. Purebloods did it all the time without complications. But our gene pool is too watered down now. Without shifters to give us litters, our bodies-”
That’s not to say thoughts of Castiel hadn’t been the primary material anytime he gets a little handsy with himself...or anyone else, for that matter.
“The way I see it,” Castiel began without preamble, “giving you that check is doing nothing but investing in your future. A future you might not see, but I can see very clearly.” He sat across from Dean, drawing a leg up and holding his ankle over his knee. “I can see what you think of yourself, how little your father sees of your intelligence, especially in comparison to your brother’s perhaps more obvious intelligence. Without help, without just a little
Castiel had his trench off, his sleeves rolled up. He was hunched down beside Dean, their hips bumping, as Dean showed him…something. Jack had no idea, but he didn’t care. What he cared about, what was absolutely boggling, was that Castiel was the one with the tool in his hand. Dean showed him where it went, Cas made an attempt and failed, and Dean patiently explained it all again.
“Keep yourself busy while I was gone?” Dean murmurs, unable to help his eyes from roaming. Too thin or not, Cas still looks damn good.
“Right.” He coughs, clears his throat. “Well, uh...it wasn’t long before I met Audrina that I guess Alistair decided mom wasn’t doing enough anymore. She tried to stand up to him then, to fight back, but he threatened to kill me if she...if she didn’t…”
Cas finally kneels beside Dean, reaching a hand with the letters F-U-C-K tattooed across his knuckles. Dean eyes him warily, shrinking away from his outstretched hand. Cas freezes momentarily, his brow furrowed as he gives him a hard look.
“I think, ultimately, it came down to money. Our dad cleaned her out when she left, and there she was with three young boys and an important full time job- she was a lawyer- and no real way to do it all. This guy, he maxed out her credit cards, he forged checks in her name...all kinds of crazy shit. Her credit was shot to hell when he left and she...well. She had to do what she had to do. But then she got caught up in the drugs, too.” He pauses and frowns up at the ceiling. “I guess it makes sense, looking back now. I would’ve been lookin’ for whatever escape I could get, too. But, uh...mom just...well, I guess she wasn’t really mom anymore, after that point.”
“Just told her we had a thing,” Dean shrugged, averting his gaze. “That’s all. She won’t tell my dad, so it doesn’t break any rules right?”
Cas doesn’t move, doesn’t speak, and the apartment remains silent as Dean makes his exit...not even so much as the flick of a lighter.
“Well,” she shrugged, “It’s mostly to get your hormones back in order. Get your body back on schedule. Probably the lowest fertility rate you’ll have during a heat, too, since your body knows it just had a pup. I won’t say it’s
Castiel- with his sister was a gross invasion of his privacy and he felt extremely guilty about it, on top of showing up somewhere Castiel likely didn’t want him.
“Thanks again,” he sighed. “Go get warm or...you know, whatever it is you do out here.” Dean climbed down the hill and didn’t have to look back to know the wolf watched him the whole way down.
“So,” Dean said, hopping up on the counter and watching as John put away the last couple of grocery bags. “How’d he end up some bigwig up in New York, anyway?”
obvious about how happy that answer makes him as he translates for the couple, who chuckle, and the lady leans forward and folds her hand over one of Cas's.
Dean squats down to their level, leaning in as close to Charlie as he can without crowding into their space. She gently pushes some hair out of Cas's face, running fingers through it, and Dean can finally hear her saying things like "it's okay", "you're here", "you're fine". He's calmed noticeably in the past few moments, and Charlie finally turns back to Dean slowly, looking at him questioningly.
Castiel smiled and cupped his cheek. “I’m glad you see it that way. That’s good. I’m glad that your lack of proper care and emotions in your relationships hasn’t made you cold. It would make my job a lot more difficult.”
He shuddered at the thought. Of course Castiel wasn’t his Alpha. He’s simply the Alpha protecting him from all the terror of the world...a world obviously not built for Omegas. Dean doesn’t belong to anyone. He never has.
Dean sighed and spent the rest of the time picking at his spaghetti and meatballs. Usually he’d be devouring it, but he didn’t feel very hungry. He ate enough to appease Castiel, who watched him closely. He turned down dessert and Castiel paid the tab. They walked back to their hotel in silence and Dean collapsed onto the bed once they reached their room, toeing off his shoes. They’d been planning to explore the city after lunch, but the mood was somber now and Dean didn’t feel like dealing with the crowded streets of New York.
Dean didn’t answer for a long while and Sam didn’t seem to expect it. They labored over their work, looking for something-anything-and when Dean finally spoke it was with a rough voice.
“If you want to call it that,” Cas mumbles and stands, grabbing his black hoodie off the back of the couch and pulling it on. “Let’s go, freckles.”
The guy’s expression remains unreadable for such a long enough time that Dean begins to feel uncomfortable. He shifts on his feet and taps the eraser against the pad. “Because, you know, you’re...an...angel? Whatever, it’s stupid.” He waves a hand and looks down at the pad, then back up at pretty eyes, who finally lets a small smile tug at his lips. There’s an unmistakable blush spreading across his cheeks when he looks down at his hands.
Sam snorted and they ate silence for a few minutes, nothing but the sounds of utensils clanking against porcelain. Dean felt Sam’s eyes on him but ignored the stare, crunching down on his bacon. He glanced at the clock, counting the seconds.
He let out a breath when they pulled away and licked his lips, staring down at Cas with a faint smile. “Be honest. How often did you sneak over to my cabin while I was sleeping? I found paw prints almost every morning. I swear if you peed on my cabin I’m gonna tease you for the rest of your life.”
“Cas…” he whispered hoarsely, his hand clutching at Castiel’s shirt so tightly his knuckles were white.
am. I screwed up. From now on...complete transparency. And you can make your own decisions based on that.”
Cas slides his hand up Dean's shirt and lets his fingers play over the hair of his happy trail, sighing contentedly. A dry cough follows, wracking his body, and Dean rubs him gently on the back.
Dean would’ve told Cas how dorky he was, but the thought escaped him as their kiss deepened, and for a little while all he could think about was how good his Alpha tasted.
“You’re frustrating,” Dean huffed, resting his head back onto the pillow and pointedly turning to the tv.
wanted to be taken care of, looked after, maybe even doted on. For just one day he’d like to know what that was like. He wanted to shed his responsibilities, ones he’s had since he was kid, and not worry about anything or anyone.
Dean grinned and rolled quickly to his side but stood slowly when the soreness hit him, the high of his orgasm finally worn off and the reality of what he’d endured,
,” Dean threw his head back and moaned as Castiel wrapped his lips around his cock. Hot, wet, and tight, and Dean pulled at the headboard so much the wood groaned under the force. Castiel swirled and flicked his tongue expertly around the head, then sunk all the way down, hollowing his cheeks. Dean hadn’t realized fully exactly how on edge he was until then, knowing indisputably that he wouldn’t last very long at all with Castiel working him over.
But for now it was nothing but he and Cas moving together, the sounds of their lovemaking filling the room. Dean arched his back and craned his neck in an act of complete submission and Cas took him as such, claws digging into skin as he pounded into him. His wet hole was swollen, stretched, and sore, but despite that, everything in Dean's body screamed
“At least pretend to wait until I’m gone before you start talking about doing stupid stunts,” John swatted Ash’s mullet and ambled outside, Dean and his friends following.
“Do you see this?” he muttered, lifting up his shirt quickly to show her his pudge. “I’m eating plenty.”
Dean pretended to mull it over, tilting his head to the side when Castiel let go of his chin. “I suppose so. Where do you want me?”
“I’m sorry,” he said genuinely, watching Benny closely. “About your mom. But I’m…” He huffed and rubbed at his neck, cheeks flushing slightly. “I’m glad you’re here. And...helping me.”
now,” Charlie taunted with a grin. “And he didn’t have to wait until he was legal to hook up with her-”
“Mmm,” Dean hummed, lapping and sucking at the pulse point on Cas’s neck, Alpha scent clouding his senses. “Good Alpha...strong Alpha…”
Dean laughed and pushed him hard with his foot, causing Cas to grab his ankle and pull himself back up, hovering over him again in predatory fashion. He crawled up to Dean’s stomach and pressed a kiss there, then continued up, laving his tongue over Dean’s mating scar.
Cas shrugs, taking a pull off his menthol before passing it to Charlie. She takes it, tapping off the ash with a sharp black fingernail. She takes a long pull, letting the smoke billow out of her nose, shrouding her septum piercing in the minty fog. She pushes her thick black-framed glasses up on her face with a heavily ring-garnished hand.
The elevator stopped and the doors opened, and Castiel pulled away nonchalantly as a grey-haired man with a suit and briefcase entered, giving them both a smile and a nod. The rest of the elevator ride was silent, Castiel only barely brushing a finger discreetly against Dean’s hand before he clasped them together in front of him. Dean pushed past him when the doors opened on the main floor, striding quickly across the floor, feeling Castiel close behind him.
Dean kind of likes it like this, though. The diner doesn't have him rolling in cash; in fact, he barely makes enough some months to offset the cost of the food, but it's a nice, simple life, surrounded by the people he loves.
Castiel sighed indulgently and shook his head. “I will possibly be challenging your comfort zone. Now behave and eat, or I will not allow you any scene today.”
Finally, Castiel stretched out beside him and pulled him into his arms, stroking his hair and nuzzling his sweaty neck. “That what you wanted?” he asked, breath hot on Dean’s skin.
“You should hear his pillow talk,” Dean chuckles, earning a swift kick in his shin. He grunts, still grinning, and watches Cas grumble as he digs out a cigarette and lighter.
“Atta boy,” she said contentedly, giving him a pat on his back. “Well I'm Missouri, and if you need anything at all or just need to talk about anything, you can come to me anytime. Okay, baby?”
“Now you listen here, chief.” Benny laid a hand on his shoulder, looking him in the eye. “This pack believes in you, now more than ever. They trust you'll take care of this. They feel safe here, safe with you. You'll find them. We all know it.”
Dean also no longer hid his blatant appreciation for Cas’s body anymore. He watched him intently as he approached his side of the bed, spent Alpha cock bobbing between muscular thighs, the tanned skin of his stomach and chest stretched taut over more hard muscle. Years of being a pack protector were disguised as red and white scars littering his body, boundless hours of manual labor packed into the callouses he bore on his hands, the bags under his eyes telling of his dedication to his pack and to his family.
Audrina sighs heavily as she stands and slides a small lace thong up her tanned thighs, her back to Cas. "No, I'm not angry."
He sat up to wrap his arms around Cas’s neck, his legs straddling Cas’s lap, and bumped their foreheads together. “Maybe one day...I’ll see where they ended up. I haven’t thought about them much for a long time. Haven’t really cared to go looking, but...I guess I’d like to see them again. Just so I can show them I survived anyway.”
“Impatience will earn you another spanking,” Castiel said coolly, narrowing his eyes. “And judging by the state of your gorgeous little ass, it won’t feel quite as enjoyable as before.”
“I'll show you mine if you show me yours,” Cas teases, which does nothing to help the situation in Dean's pants that had
Of course it wasn’t. Castiel had been in love with her; he didn’t love Dean. He didn’t want him that way. Had no idea that Dean was fighting the words at that very instant, how much he wanted to blurt them out. Dean kept his mouth firmly closed, though, terrified of what would happen if Castiel knew. Maybe it was stupid of him, but he wanted to keep what he had, despite how it was slowly killing him inside. He’d keep it for as long as he can, until he just couldn’t stand it anymore.
Cas huffed a laugh and looked down. “Not exactly. I mean, the attitude was all her. The personality. But I suppose the truth of the matter is that Ysabella only fell for me after much,
Dean cut him off when he sealed their lips together in a filthy kiss, slotting their tongues together and thrusting his half-hard cock against Cas’s stomach. Cas groaned into his mouth, just getting into the kiss when Dean pulled away a little breathlessly.
Rory reluctantly agreed and together they walked to the medic clinic and stepped inside to see Missouri giving firm instructions to Cas about when to take his medicine and what activities he should avoid.
After a few more bites, Jack seemed to come to a conclusion. He smiled, nodded to himself, and wrapped up the rest of the pie. Dean, despite really wanting some now, left Jack and the pie to shuffle back to his room, a confused look in his eyes.
“I’ll have to leave again,” Cas said somewhat breathlessly as Dean pulled away, “when you go into heat. I can just stay in your cabin for a few days. I just...really don’t want that to be the first time we…” he glanced over into Rory’s room, “you know. I want it to be a conscious decision, and not because you feel like you
...we should stop.” But he couldn’t stop touching, first Dean’s hair, then his neck, his shoulders...he touched his knees, moved his hands up the outside of his thighs, then jumped up to his waist, traveling under his shirt. “Should stop...need to stop…”
“Guess that’s up to you.” Dean smirked up at him, his eyes meeting Cas’s for a little longer than explicitly necessary. He felt his cheeks redden and he dropped his gaze, inwardly cursing himself and his stupid boyish nervousness. Christ, Cas was his
Garth stumbled to his feet and held his hands up as he caught up with Dean at the door, laying his hand against the surface. “Please, don’t leave. You don’t have to answer right now. It’s okay.”
“Well you were in the next room,” Anael said smugly, smiling at him over her glass as she walked back over to the sofa. Dean turned to look hesitantly over the back of his chair, finding Cas eyeing his drink as he leaned casually against the doorway.
There were a million more questions Dean wanted to ask him but he didn’t want to push things, so he laid there silently while Castiel rubbed his hair, his cheek, his chest. When it was time for him to go home, Dean found himself strangely exhilarated, rested, and fulfilled in a way he can’t ever remember feeling. Castiel bid him farewell with a simple kiss on the forehead, and he watched intently from the door with his arms crossed over his chest until Dean was in his car and had pulled out of sight.
Dean lowered his gaze, unable to keep it for long, and shrugged a shoulder. “It’s...a lot,” he said carefully, furrowing his brows. “Never been around a pack before. I don’t…”  he side-eyed Castiel, tongue resting between his teeth, “I don’t know what you’re...wanting from me. What I’m supposed to do.”
Cas opens his eyes and looks up at Dean desperately, mouth hanging open and panting hard. Dean captures his lips with his own as he fucks into him, pressing their foreheads together when they release and panting against one another’s lips. Cas arches again and pushes down on his cock, breath hitching in his throat as he throws his head back.
Blue eyes gives a small huff and slowly holds his hands out to make the motion for coffee, one that Dean knows well. He nods and jots a few things down on the pad, not really ready to actually walk away to begin making the guy’s food.
, his scruff scratching Dean’s cheek. Dean was unaware of anything else and he had no idea what he was saying, but Cas seemed to understand his broken ramblings and apologies.
Dean snorted. “Lost count. Sometimes I don’t finish before I start a new one. I’ve sold a few to friends...built one for Sam once.”
Cas's initial look of surprise is quickly recovered into his typical cocky smirk, and he blows smoke out through his nostrils before pulling the cigarette from his lips and dropping it to the ground.
The images on the TV grow worse each day. The death toll is beginning to build. But it’s Cas that scares Dean the most. Every little flash of his face and Dean sees the skin stretching, the muscle beneath it bleeding as it gives out, the vessel
“Hi,” Cas grumbled, trying to look away and finding it incredibly difficult. It was either Dean’s annoyingly smug face or the dirty floor. They really needed to mop, Cas thought grumpily to himself.
Lisa smiles and rolls her eyes, nudging him with her elbow. "Oh, go on, Dean. Or I will." She gives him a devilish grin, accompanied by a wink.
“He’s...I think he just needs someone,” Dean says finally. “He seems lonely.” He smirks at her. “And you know me...a regular good samaritan.”
“I guess I’ll need a tux,” Dean chuckles, something he’d never thought he’d say. He’d joked with Sam about wearing an apron to his wedding, so much so that Dean is pretty sure Sam is expecting it.
Cas shrugged. “Up to Missouri, I guess. If I had my way, I would’ve been in my bed yesterday.” He sighed and laid his head back against the pillow, looking over at Dean. “She’s got a laundry list of things she wants me to do before I leave. Eat solid food, unassisted walking, unassisted bathroom break. But even after I go home I’m going to have to be seen at least once a day, to check for infection and all that.”
They talked and ate, one of Castiel’s brothers or Naomi asking him questions every so often, but more in the way of including him in the conversation rather than grilling him. It was a much more enjoyable brunch that Dean had expected, and he felt almost completely at ease with the Novaks by the time they were back in the car to drive to the lakehouse.
Dean blinked and glanced behind Castiel, but Charlie and Aurora were nowhere in sight. He swallowed and nodded, then remembered he needed
Castiel waited a beat, and Dean heard when he finally crossed the room. He leaned over the back of Dean’s chair, flattening his hand against his chest and sighing.
They both smiled suddenly, arms finding each other, lips coming together, and Sam quickly found something in the next room that desperately needed his attention right then and there.
“Cas,” Dean rasped, and Cas looked over at him with glowing blue eyes as Dean shakily pulled himself up onto his hands and knees, pressing his forehead to the mattress.
“Mmm,” Castiel hummed, tapping his cheek with a finger. “Well, I admire your enthusiasm, but I have more assignments for you before we get there, sweetheart. But we
Cas shakes his head a little, flicking his lighter over and over to watch the flame rise and die. He remembers the blush that spread over Dean's skin as he stood naked in front of Cas, felt the goosebumps on Dean's skin when he traced his fingers up the curve of his spine. He remembers Dean's enthusiasm when Cas's fingers were buried inside him. He could feel Dean's tight little hole clenching around his own cock as he came, screaming Cas's name. He remembers how possessive he felt over him, how he insisted on physically claiming him like some sort of wild animal in heat.
Castiel bit his tongue. He couldn’t argue with that, but he wasn’t going to give Dean the satisfaction of asking for it.
“You’re not going to squish the pup,” Cas said patiently. “Believe it or not, there’s plenty of padding between that fetus and the mattress.”
“I’ll have to...find a spell,” Dean said slowly, his voice cracking. He licked his lips and swallowed, trying to think of some reason why he could tell Cas it was a bad idea- of course it sounded good, for his own selfish reasons, but Cas couldn’t possibly really want to be human over an angel...and Dean couldn’t have that kind of guilt on his conscience. “Sam, maybe Rowena left him something…”
Castiel huffed a laugh, lifting his cigarette to his lips and taking another drag before Dean plucked it from his lips and tossed it into the ashtray. Castiel raised an eyebrow, giving him an amused grin, then licking his lips and taking a sip of his near-empty drink.
Cas was more awake when they got to him than he was the night before, but he was also in more pain. Rory immediately climbed up and Cas smiled at her, but Dean didn't miss the wince whenever she moved or curled onto him.
Damn it. There was an older lady blocking his way. Seriously, how long did it take to pick out some cat litter? It’s all the same!
“There isn’t much nearby,” Castiel remarked off-handedly, blowing smoke out of his nose. “Were you staying at another settlement?”
leave you sore,” Castiel murmured, dripping some oil onto the loofah and pulling a chair over from the wall to sit in. “Sometimes very sore. In any case, this is how I will take care of you after scenes, whether you’re sore or not. It’s a good way to get you relaxed, warm, comfortable. We can talk about the scene, what went right or wrong…”
Sam catches the ball and pauses, then leans forward some and whispers loudly: "Do you and Lisa have sex?"
before he could even say Gabriel’s name, let alone talk about him. I’m not surprised he never said anything to you.”
Missouri laughed and took a look around the cabin. “And I imagine you’ll need a bigger place to put all those pups.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed, baring his neck, his fingers slipping from all that wild hair to broad shoulders.
Dean glanced away and shrugged, swinging his leg back and forth. “Yeah. Maybe. Charlie is pretty cool, you know, about a lot of things. But some of...this? Might be too much, even for her.”
“What he did to me was years ago, Dean. Nothing can change it. And I don’t really see the point in dredging it all up again. No one needs to know. I’m not...I’m not weak like that anymore. I can take care of myself.”
“Cas, my arms are killing me and I’m sweating all over myself.” Dean started climbing down the ladder, the sun beating down on his shoulders. He had ditched his shirt a long time ago.
Dean’s eyes widened and he shifted on his feet, glancing around the driveway. “To-to New York?” He asked, fiddling with his keys. “You want me to go to New York with you?”
So Dean laid in his bed in the dark and thought what it might be like to finally see Cas for what he really was. He also wished he could remember when Cas rescued him from Hell, and thought it was cruel irony that he only remembered the torture (both inflicted and taken). Sometimes Dean thought if he thought hard enough, dug deep enough, he could see a flash of a memory. It always left him with a massive headache and a strange image of what he could only describe as a pulsing, moving nebula of blue and pitch black.
Prompt: Another, you don’t have to do this one. Idk why but it’s stuck with me for YEARS. A very angst-y take on Castiel’s feelings for Dean being exposed against his will by someone/thing else. And Dean is in peak denial mode and Sam has to stop him saying something regretful or even hurtful, Castiel is devastated bc he never intended for Dean to know bc from his POV it doesn’t matter that Dean may or may not like him, he obviously doesn’t want to. With some strict talk from Sam   , bc we need more Dean getting snapped out of his own issues. Also personal request for Dean admitting he’s bi, not gay.
“My friends call me Rory. I want you to be able to call me that too but you can't cause Papa says I can't make friends with strangers. And he told me not to bug you, cause I have a ‘tendency to come on too strong’, whatever that means. But I don't wanna be strangers anymore.” She ducked her head under a branch and looked up at him curiously. “Are you gonna stay here, sir?”
They come in slowly at first, but become more frequent within days. Dean listens to every word as he fixes the doors, the windshield, puts on new tires. It makes him want to claw at his ears off, smash the radio, the TV. Instead, he merely keeps listening as his friend, his angel, the one who has saved him countless times, ravages the world like a bloodthirsty beast. Maybe he simply can’t accept it. Maybe he doesn’t want to. He’s holding onto that memory of what and who Cas used to be.
“That’s no way to find love, honey,” Missouri sighs, shaking her head as she munched on her fries. Dean makes the best fries, crunchy and soft with the perfect amount of seasoning.
“Don’t care,” he huffed darkly, squeezing his eyes shut as a cramp pulsed through him. He whimpered and massaged his belly, though it did little good. “If I die, I die. No knot.”
Dean’s lips parted, but he didn’t speak. He took a deep breath through his mouth, making a point to avoid breathing in the Alpha’s scent, especially when he was this close. Dean could feel the warmth rolling off of him in waves, and he knew at that moment that his delicious scent was particularly pungent. It was a natural smell, like ocean water, and tinged with something dry and smoky...almost like a bonfire. A beach bonfire.
“Nothing’s wrong with you,” Dean growls, that familiar surge of protectiveness coming over him. “So stop talkin’ like that.”
He remembered demons. Dozens of them. And…Asmodeus. Chanting, working a spell…and Cas. Cas! Trapped, screaming in pain.
“No,” Dean says sharply, waving his spatula at Sam. “Don’t let him ruin my pie with his whip cream shit. It doesn’t need it.”
Castiel pulled Dean flush against him, nuzzling the top of his head with his chin. “I made a stupid mistake, Dean. I should've known, should've realized it, but I...I just got carried away and I didn't even consider…” he sighed heavily, shaking his head. “You were in a fragile state, and considering your specific needs...I shouldn't have left you there like that. No matter how temporary.”
“Maybe it’s just the peace I miss. The simplicity.” Cas’s eyes followed him again as he reached down to the foot of the bed for his shirt. “When I was human, sleep was where I...where I didn’t have to think. About...anything.”
Dean’s eyes slide to the front windows, easily picking Kevin’s rusted piece of crap car, as well as Missouri’s and Ash’s cars. His ‘67 Impala sat off to the side. There were no mystery cars and the bus didn’t run this far out.
“Probably,” Dean agreed reluctantly, lifting his head to press another kiss to Cas’s lips. “But as soon as you’re better, Rory is spending the night at Charlie’s.”
Cas sniffed and slid out of bed, giving Dean a glimpse of his perfect ass as he slid on a pair of loose pants and padded over to him. Dean pulled up his shirt and trailed the tip of a finger down the slight bump, looking up at Cas and smiling.
“Hey, look,” she said, leaning forward looking suddenly serious. “I know he can be difficult. And I know what you two have isn’t exactly conventional, so I don’t really have experienced advice to offer you, but I just want to say that ever since he’s started this with you...well, he’s been better.”
Dean nodded once and smiled, stroking down Cas’s arm before letting his hand fall. “I’ll go wake her up so you can...um,” he gestured at Cas’s very noticeable bulge, a light blush on his cheeks, “take care of...that.”
Dean sighed and detached from Cas. “Alright, you little monster.” He gave Cas another kiss and took the food from Benny, handing Rory hers. “Here, be useful and carry some. Good seein’ you, Benny.”
Dean huffed and looked away. Cas never took any credit for Dean’s recovery and survival, even though he had a huge part to play. Sometimes Cas’s humility was frustrating.
“Please, hear me out,” Dean says, taking a step towards the table where he’s laid out a feast of grease and fat. “Fried pickle chip? Best in the state.”
Dean clenched his jaw and nodded once before stepping outside, back into the cold. He huffed, his breath coming out in a fog, and hugged his jacket around himself. With sagging shoulders,  he trudged off to the cabin Donna had pointed out earlier.
Castiel poured both into the water and helped Dean inside, stroking his hair as he leaned back. “I’m not very sore,” Dean admitted, leaning into the touch with a small sigh. He could definitely get used to this. He’s never had anyone dote on him before.
Not that the pain seemed to make a difference to Cas’s body, as he unintentionally demonstrated when Dean’s other hand slid up to palm his hardening cock. Dean imagined that he’d still be forced to deny the Alpha if they were alone in the cabin...for his health, this time, and not Dean’s fear.
he was looking at. It felt a dream, a blurry dream he had no intention of waking up from. Already he could feel his mind slipping, feel himself drifting on waves that could carry him out to pure bliss.
“It’s okay, Cas,” Dean tightened his arms around Cas’s waist, a finger slipping under his shirt. “I understand. It’s fine. Just...I just didn’t think about that.” He paused, tonguing his cheek, then shrugged slightly. “Might be easier than you think. She sort of...asked about it. Earlier. I mean,” Dean shook his head, “She...she asked if I was going to stay
“For as long as I can remember,” Castiel said, staring out the windshield. “Since we were small kids. It was my-” he paused, licking his lips quickly and pressing them together. “It just...it means a lot to us.”
Michael fell back into his story and everyone’s attention went back to him, but even while Dean nodded along at smiled and laughed at the right times, he was more focused on Castiel draining his drink beside him.
“...your power,” Dean purred. “Your fierceness. How just your presence demands respect and submission, even if you don’t want it or ask for it.” He bit his lip, blushing, and skirted his fingers along the edge of Cas’s pants. “This big knot you fill me up with.”
“I don’t know,” she finally said,blinking down at the table. “I don’t think so…” Rory looked up at Dean and smiled. “I like Dean. I don’t want him to go away, so…” she shrugged and picked at the table with a finger.
He turned up the music and kept his eyes on the road, not saying another word other than a brief ‘hello’ to Jessica when she got in the car, and he got nothing more than a ‘bye’ from Sam when they arrived at the Roadhouse. Dean watched them until they got inside and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel before backing out of his spot to head back down the road.
The next week dragged by slowly, Dean and Rory visiting Cas as often as possible. He was becoming increasingly frustrated with his inability to leave the medic cabin, actually making the attempt to leave himself early in the week, only to be caught and reprimanded by Missouri.
"Well, if you need a bed warmer, Fergus seems pretty into you." She grins deviously before placing the cigarette between her black lips, the lipstick no doubt leaving a ring on the butt. Cas cringes at both thoughts.
anything from you. You came here for protection, yes? That's what you'll have. Eventually, you can work… should you feel comfortable. Everyone helps everyone around here. You'll get used to it.”
Cas raises an eyebrow in surprise before breaking out in a huge grin, the blue of his eyes lighting up. He bites absentmindedly at his lip ring, looking Dean square in the eyes.
“Would you...like some company?” Dean bit his lip, looking at him through his eyelashes. “I mean, we don’t have to
“I’m sorry, man,” Benny said, and silence fell between them again with nothing but the sound of the water. He looked over at Dean after a long time, giving him a once-over. “You’re big for an Omega. That’s good. I’m sure that’s helped in the past.” He coughed and scrubbed his palm on his jeans. “Been on my own for awhile now, too. Never knew my own dad, was a...some random Alpha. Ma had me on her own, killed by another Alpha when I was around eight years old.” He shrugged and clicked his tongue. “Yeah. Findin’ this place...well, it was too good to be true, ya know? And I still find myself thinkin’ that every day, and I been here for years now. I was wary at first too, and I get that fear, but it does ease up eventually. If that helps to settle your nerves about us any.”
is what he’d really been missing his whole life. A pack was okay, friends were good, and he was sure sex would be nice, if and when they got there...but this feeling of safety and warmth beat them all.
“He’s your high school buddy,” Dean rolled his eyes and started helping in putting the food away. “I don’t get why he makes you so nervous.”
“They’re really fucking good, Cas,” Dean says sincerely, glancing up at him. Cas isn’t looking at him, a clenched fist resting on the table. “Dunno why you’re so weird about me seein’ them.”
“Okay, that’s enough,” Sam made sure to use his ‘I’m bigger than both you so you should listen to me’ voice and stood between both of them. The air was electric, probably literally considering there was a pissed off angel here, and people were starting to take notice to the commotion. “This is-just, we need to go. Now.”
He set his jaw stubbornly, his back rigid, shoulders hunched. Like hell he was letting some strange beta or omega poke and prod at him with questions.
“-then you’re walking around the hallways,” he murmured after a moment’s paused, visibly relaxing when Dean went back to his food. “You’re losing weight.”
The feel of Castiel finally touching him this way was much more intense than it had any right to be, and Dean wasn’t sure if it was the anticipation of the past month or the sensory deprivation. Castiel’s hands were surprisingly soft but his grip was firm. Dean resisted the urge to thrust into his hand, afraid- and a little excited, if he was being honest- to know what new punishment Castiel had cooked up for him.
“But most of all, to feel happiness. To have been able to spend time with you and Sam, on your level, knowing that you were doing so because you wanted to and not because I was useful...for the first time, I knew our friendship was genuine. I knew that I was more than just a weapon.”
“Quiet doesn’t mean unhappy,” Anael said. “But, it’s hard to tell with him. I will say, though...this is probably the closest I’ve seen him to happy.”
Cas rubs at his perpetually baggy eyes and slowly sits up, his hair in disarray and his shirt hanging off his shoulders. Dean chuckles and kisses his cheek. “You’re adorable, you know that?”
“I need you to understand something, Dean,” Cas bites out, sitting up straight in bed. He’s not sated anymore, he doesn’t look like Cas. He looks cold and distant, the Castiel Dean knew just weeks before. “This isn’t something I told you with the intention of it ever going further than this room. This is my own personal life, and whether or not you agree with my choices or my mother’s, regardless of how you feel about what happened to me, and who’s to blame...it’s not your place. You don’t get to decide how I handle this. You don’t get to decide the relationship I have with my mother. You don’t get to decide how I
Dean’s ears and neck heated, and he looked away. They were talking about work and yet that word had his blood pumping. Castiel didn’t mean any innuendo his mind was making up, but there was no helping his reaction.
“So would you be open to the blindfold again, with the understanding that I will most certainly not leave you again? Or would you like me to add it to your ‘no’ list?”
But of course, Castiel’s brother refused to hear of that. He’s much too strong, much too powerful. Cas doesn’t stand a chance. Not without doing something drastic. Not without the souls.
“No problem.” Charlie handed Rory her gloves. She snapped her fingers and tapped her forehead. “Oh! Donna and Jody wanted me to tell you thank you, again, for Ezra. They said they hadn’t really seen you since Cas’s surgery, or gotten the chance to talk, so…”
Cas lifts his head and smiles shyly, face flushing at the thought of dancing in front of others. He nods, however, and slides his fingers over Dean’s cheek.
“I…” Dean chewed his lip again, furrowing his brow. “I haven’t seen you the same way for a long time now, Cas. But...not in the way you think. Definitely not because of this, or because- god forbid- you have an emotion from time to time. This...doesn’t change anything I signed up for.”
It was strange how he could be so afraid of going there with Castiel, but also so turned on by it. Or perhaps it was normal...he didn’t really know.
“Well it sounds like you found us just in time, too,” Garth remarked as he drained the rest of his tea and set the empty cup back on the table. “So you’ve now had your first heat with us. Can you tell me a little bit about how it went?”
“Yeah, it’s on the counter,” Sam called from his room. “Oh yeah, there was something in there addressed to you. Real fancy lookin’.”
Castiel was still smiling and Dean’s heart was thumping. The angel started rattling off everything he would need and Dean just nodded along, even agreeing to help clear some bunker space for the supplies. By the end of it, they were sitting so close Cas was practically in his lap.
Castiel sighed and shrugged one shoulder. “Nothing I can’t fix. The main problem is some of the people they hired on after I left. It’s my opinion they are unqualified, but it’s not in my power to dismiss them. Not anymore, anyway. All I can do is make...suggestions.”
so comforting and unexpected that Dean’s worries immediately faded away. For once his mind quieted and he wasn’t bombarded with the near constant thoughts of Sam, and it was almost sad how much his responsibility to his brother took up space in his head. How much his sixteen years of parenting when he himself was still a kid had drowned out what made Dean
Dean pressed himself against the wall as much as he could, continuing to shake his head adamantly. He’d never used a knot since...that, and he wasn’t about to start.
Castiel chuckled when Dean swallowed hard, and he pressed a kiss to his Adam’s apple. He took Dean’s face between his hands after he let go, brushing his thumbs over his cheeks.
Jack blinked when Castiel suddenly moved, reaching over to the cassette player. Jack’s jaw dropped as Cas wordlessly ejected the tape. Jack cast an anxious look to Dean, remembering a time when he’d tried to ask to change the music. If looks could kill, Jack would’ve burst into flames.
“Castiel is not your average Alpha,” Donna said, solidifying Dean’s general assessment. “He believes in inclusiveness. Fairness. He doesn't consider us possessions. He considers us equals.”
Castiel exhaled slowly, eyes darkening when Dean ever so subtly slid his naked ass over Castiel’s crotch. He grinned when we felt Castiel twitch against his cheeks, those warm hands flexing on his thighs.
Cas chuckled darkly as he pulled away, licking his lips, and Dean desperately tried to think coherently enough to continue his ministrations, but it was becoming increasingly difficult to concentrate with all the heightened sensations wracking his body.
Dean shakes his head and slips on a new pair of gloves. “I really messed up with you. I dunno how you came out so weird.”
As Charlie suggested, they all piled into the Impala and took her for a spin, Dean grinning the whole time. Despite his better judgement, Dean
Dean nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard Sam shuffling around in the living room. He quickly pocketed the card and check, his palms sweaty from having that much money in his pocket, and resumed eating his pie. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to tell Sam, but his little brother was horrible at keeping his mouth shut about stuff like this, and Dean definitely didn’t want John finding out. Knowing his dad, he’d either get pissed that someone was “giving them charity” or he’d somehow guilt Dean into handing the check over to him to put money towards their old house that was in constant need of repairs.
“Hello,” Dean said with a small smile, and he took a seat between Anael- who gave him an encouraging smile and hand squeeze- and Castiel.
“Right, right. The proposal.” Bobby clasps his hands together between his knees. “Well. Guess it’ll be just me, you, and Rufus this year.”
“It’s fine, Dean,” Sam shrugged, sitting down to a bowl of parfait. “Honestly, I’d rather go help then sit and wonder if they made it out okay, you know? Four hunters is better than two. Besides, it’s not exactly my first nest.”
Alpha, deep into his rut as well, gripped the back of Dean’s head and pulled, forcing the Omega to stretch his neck back. His other hand gripped Dean’s hip, claws digging in as he pounded into the wet, pliant hole. Each thrust, powerful and brutal, rubbed Dean’s hands and knees raw across the wood of the floor. Dean hardly noticed, his senses focused on the hard cock slipping in and out, the swollen head hitting his prostate hard and sending sparks behind Dean’s eyes.
Yes, he likes to think his angel is in there. Like his Baby is somewhere in this scrap of metal he’s been slowing putting back together. Maybe, just like Baby, Cas needs some care, some attention, from someone who knows him best to get back up and running.
“I couldn’t stop thinking about you,” he signs. “Everything reminded me of you. I knew I shouldn’t come back, that it wasn’t fair to you, that I didn’t deserve to come back to you, but I had to see you.” He pauses, then continues when Dean doesn’t respond. “I don’t expect you to forgive me. But Dean, I am so sorry.”
Cas proceeds to pout as Dean orders, but he's practically asleep by the time he gets off the phone, the jet lag obviously outweighing his stubborn pissiness. Dean realizes now that he'd probably been awake the duration of the flight to make sure that he was okay, not to mention the fact that Cas loves to fly.
Dean’s jaw slowed around the bite of sausage in his mouth, the first real piece of cooked meat he’s had since he left his home for this camp. He looked up at Benny and swallowed, narrowing his eyes.
c’mere, Cas,” he growled, rocking back to lean against the end of the table and pulling Cas with him. Cas stood between his splayed legs, hands on either side of Dean’s neck, kissing him back enthusiastically, broken moans being pulled from his throat...a fuckin’ awesome contrast to the deep timbre of his usual voice. Dean didn’t realize how hard he was holding on until Cas hissed against his lips, one hand falling to cover one of Dean’s, gently prying away the nails biting into his skin.
John looked up as he grabbed the chicken from the fridge. “Well, he basically got me through high school. He was my tutor almost all four years. He’s the only reason I passed some of those classes. Even if we weren’t what you would call friends exactly, after spending so much time together one can’t help but get to know him.”
He breathed in deep, taking in the old and musk, the leather and gunpowder, the freshness of laundered sheets, and the underlying scent that was Dean. Not because he needed the oxygen, but because he wanted to savor this. All too soon after escaping the Empty, Cas had found himself locked in a cage with Lucifer, with no way to reach out the Winchesters. To Dean. All he could do was wait, search for weak spots, build up his grace. The longing he’d felt from Dean was painful, a knot in his chest that tugged at his wings. They wanted to spread, fly, carry him back to the soul he’d branded long ago. The soul his grace ached for, reached for every time they were in the same room.
“Cas,” Dean interrupted, squeezing his hand, “I know. I...understand her feelings. I wanted a mom, too. Dreamed of mine coming back to me...or another Omega taking me in. She can’t help it.”
"Yeah.." he says slowly, eyes glued to the spot on the wall across the room, his mind still not fully out of the daydream. "I mean, yes. Yes, of course."
“The company I came from only occupies a few floors,” Castiel chuckled, heading for an elevator. “And I didn’t exactly
So he killed his brother with no more than a snap of his fingers, and let the demon go. He’d need someone to keep an eye on Hell, and he certainly didn’t want to be the one to do it. Logically, he knew he should do something about the Winchesters and Bobby Singer, as they’d stood against him. They all deserved to be killed for their disobedience, and he could not afford to look weak before he’d even begun.
“Don’t get PC on me,” Dean wiped his mouth off with a towel and stepped out of the bathroom. He went into the closet and picked out a tie, laying it next to the suit. “You sound like a whiney blogger.”
“Gonna be...awkward,” Dean chuckled, “when she starts scenting. Won’t be able to hide it.” He sighed and closed his eyes, feeling so loose and relaxed. "May have awhile before she presents, but the scenting will be coming soon, for sure."
“I...I’m heavy...when...when I slick,” he mumbled, face reddening further. “It’s...gonna make a mess.”
“It was only a misstep, Dean,” Castiel said calmly. “Of course, if you no longer wish to participate, the contract
Missouri blinked rapidly and smiled, warm and soft, pulling Dean towards her to kiss him on the cheek. “You’ve grown so much, baby,” she said tenderly. “Come so far. You make me so proud. I remember what shape you were in when you got here. So skinny I could see your ribs, barely strong enough to stand...so skittish you would barely speak. I’m not supposed to have favorites, you know, but you are mine.” She squeezed his hand and looked him dead in the eye. “You really are like a son to me. I know your mama is here and I know there’s some bad blood there, but no matter what happens between you and her I want you to know I’m always here for you.”
“Run her by Missouri’s first, please,” Dean said politely, helping Rory into her jacket. “She wanted to see her about her cough, just to make sure everything’s gonna be okay or give her medicine if she needs it.”
“Ha ha,” Dean rolls his eyes as he pulls into the small parking lot of the diner. He cuts the engine and turns to Cas, biting his bottom lip briefly. “You...I mean, you want to, right?”
Cas huffed and put his hands on his hips. “It’s true, when I met her, yes, I knew then. But I didn’t know your mother was a shifter before then.”
She turned and went back the other way, gesturing for Dean to follow. Snow crunched under their feet and all around them as people milled about, most completely oblivious to the two of them other than to wave or greet Donna.
“No, daddy, please,” Dean begged, eyes popping open to look up at Castiel wildly. “I’m a good boy. I’m your good boy…”
“I was just saying…” Dean fumbles around, messily assembling the chicken sandwich and slathering both condiments on despite how absolutely blasphemous he still deems it to be. “Um. Nevermind.” He slides the plate through the window. “Here.”
“Dean…” Rory whispered as they approached. “Does papa like to...roll in the hay? I’ve never seen him do that…” She tilted her head curiously, looking thoroughly perplexed.
“Your father did you a disservice, Dean Winchester,” Castiel said solemnly, not at all surprised when Dean jerked in his arms and turned an angry stare on him.
“No,” Castiel said firmly, cupping the sides of Dean’s face and tilting his head up to look him in the eye. “Nothing is worth your discomfort. I would never expect you to do something you didn’t like. Something went wrong...I did something wrong. I’ll figure it out and it will never happen again, okay?”
“I dunno,” Dean shrugged, playing with a fry. “I don’t think he likes people. Doesn’t want them in his house.”
While Dean didn’t necessarily like that Cas was hurt, there was something about it that had Dean’s heart beating just a little faster. Cas had been...absolutely feral. Dean could still see it clearly in his mind’s eye. His wolf, giant and powerful, snarling and ripping into another, weaker Alpha. All strength and protectiveness, a true Alpha defending his mate. His pup. The wounds just showed how strong Cas was and how much he loved his Omega.
“Oh,” Dean says, feeling oddly disappointed, and nods. “Okay. Yeah, that’s good. Was thinkin’-I thought maybe you didn’t, and was gonna offer my place. Not, like, in
“Well, figure it out!” Dean finally snaps, turning to glare at the older man. Bobby stares at him from under his cap, lips pressed together.
“Grades are actually better than ever,” Dean shrugged, taking a bite of his burger. “Guess I do better when I stay busy.”
"Bullshit. You clean up damn good." John smooths down the tie and pats Dean twice on the cheek, giving him a dimpled smile. His phone buzzes and he pulls it out of his back pocket, frowning at the screen.
