“Mmm, and let’s not forget he problematic detail of two men raising a child in the 1890s. A child have ‘two daddies’ turns heads in 2012,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Yeah, cheers for that. It was good thinking,” John said. “But I might be unemployed if they find out I took an MRI for kicks. MRIs are rather expensive. But you know what?” He stopped, looking around the street. “I don’t really care. I feel like I have a terminal illness myself. Like I’ve stopped caring what other people think.”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed. in excitement “There’s a murderer in Belgravia? For how long? How many deaths? What’s the murder weapon?”
Once John had collected Duncan’s contact information and sent him on his way, he knocked on Sherlock’s bedroom door, but Sherlock burst it open and strode past him before he could finished knocking.
Yet he felt it again a few days later, when John was in the kitchen conversing with Mary, leaving Sherlock studying tobacco ash varieties under his magnifying glass. He was more than glad to answer the bell when it rang; anything to distract him from John and Mary’s incessant, enthusiastic talking. He was careful to hide his elation at finding DI Gregson at the door: A Yard inspector was asking for his consultation!
“It’s just that…I saw your surname and I—“ Hamish was biting his lip now, looking as if he was holding back an explosion. “Are you my dad? I mean….are you my dads?”
Sherlock was far from gleeful at facing the Doctor again—all of his past run-ins seemed to end up with enormous upheavals—but he was dying for answers to questions only the Doctor could give him.
Sherlock gave him a sideways glance. "It seems irrational to get worked up over," he pointed out. "Now. We'll need to amass what everyone's told us so far, and try to figure out the best way to find this madman."
Sherlock and John both looked over, then Sherlock quickly turned back to the window, mentally reprimanding himself.
Once inside, Jim led John up the stairs and pushed open a door to a large furnished bedroom. “That’s yours for tonight. Hamish is across the hall.”
“It’s in the name—relative dimension. Bit too complicated for humans. You never get the hang of this stuff, nor should you.”
Jim turned to leave, then pivoted back. “Oh, one more thing, almost slipped my mind! I have a message for you from John.” He grinned, then mimicked John’s voice, throwing in a few sniffles. “I’m sorry, and I’ll see you soon…” He sneered, then stepped closer. “And this is from him as well.”
John weakened in his arms, melting into him as they held the kiss. He'd almost forgotten a kiss could be a gentle, mutual thing instead of a painful conquest, and he started crying all over again, grasping at Sherlock's arms and leaning limply against him.
“He wants to thank you, I suppose, or at least confirm he isn’t mad, since he just saw you a few weeks back.”
John frowned and looked up from his notes. The man was completely in earnest, and Sherlock was leaning forward, listening with interest.
John turned back to the paper, disappointed. He wanted a case as much as Sherlock did, otherwise he was stuck arguing about dead dogs and spilling tea.
After John buried his bitterness about Jack's blatant flirting with Sherlock and Sherlock's ambiguity towards it all, he tried once again to wrap his head around all the information that had been thrust into his brain over the past few hours and weeks.
“I wasn’t aware ‘being friendly’ included shoving your tongue down other people’s throats! And don’t you
Sherlock didn’t respond to John’s words, even though they bruised. He stayed in his chair and thought. When he came to bed that night, John was lying awake on his side.
“For experiments,” Craig and Sherlock said at the same time, and Sherlock grinned and rubbed his hands together.
Sherlock paused for a moment while he considered this proposition before finally telling the date and time. "There's a café on Baker Street called Speedy's. Can you meet there?"
Sherlock disappeared downstairs, then when John saw that he had his eyes fixed on the angel, he grabbed his coat and headed down, flagging a cab as fast as he could.
For the next hour or so, John and Sherlock were silent as they trekked back into their flat, sinking down into their respective chairs to process everything.
new. Bit excessive, isn’t it?” Sherlock raised his eyebrow and looked around. “Although you were never one to shy away from the ostentatious.”
"Tell that to him, he seems to have it sorted," Elton said. "But honestly…don't try to find him. He shows up when you least expect it, it seems. Maybe someday you'll be lucky—or unlucky. I still don't know which I am. Bad things happened because we tried to search. But good things too." He held Ursula up to kiss her.
Sherlock began irritably leafing through the Sherlock Holmes stories, which he’d purloined from the console before they’d left. “Hm. Some of these quotes are identical to conversations we had.” His lip curled as he read a passage silently. “Our discussion of the solar system, for one.”
John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and gave it a squeeze. “You told us you would tell us, Doctor. Why did you bother showing up if you can’t say anything at all?” he asked.
He cleared his throat and stood to wind a striped knit scarf around his neck that Sherlock had never seen before. “I’m off to meet some men from the hospital. They want to attend a show and smoke cigars and swirl brandy and the like. Should be…interesting,” John said. “Save me a bit of supper, will you, Mary?” he called into the kitchen.
After several weeks, John had finally had enough. He stalked over to where Jim was spread on the couch and plucked the laudanum bottle from his hand. “You’re worse than Sherlock, you know that? Get up and stop this.” It had been the first time John had mentioned Sherlock’s name since he’d started working for Jim months ago, but Jim was too out of it to notice.
John paced to the window and saw a gay couple holding hands. He got an idea; a stupid one, but it was silly enough that it would distract them for a bit. “Remember how we talked about missing public tolerance to same-sex relationships? Don’t you think we should take advantage of that tolerance while we can?”
on time like a bird on a twig, you can only be in it, and being in it means being rather tangled,” the Doctor rambled, checking his watch again. “Am I really two months late? At any rate, I’m fairly certain I discovered why you two don’t make any sense.”
“Brixton, the very place Charlotte called from.” Sherlock yanked on his coat as well. “Six disappearances, right where she saw a bunch of stone angels.”
“P-please,” John moaned. He moaned a bit louder when Jim pressed his fingers harder inside, then gasped again as Jim yanked the revolver from his pocket and shoved it down John’s throat as he simultaneously withdrew his fingers and then shoved his cock inside of John.
“I’m thinking a heart condition, but Mycroft would see through that immediately—there’s no history of heart problems in our family. There’s always the possibility of a brain tumor or aneurysm.”
Once they were situated in a sitting room which seemed designed solely for housing a myriad of sofas, settees, divans and couches from all different eras, Sherlock was able to focus back on the most important question, the one that had been bothering him since he’d first heard Hamish’s name.
Sherlock shot daggers at John, but didn’t say anything as they headed down the stairs and got in the Gregson’s waiting carriage.
“Baker Street, London, 1895,” The Doctor said, merrily pushing them out into the street. “Welcome home!”
At the music, Hamish came bounding down the stairs. “I love it when you play the violin, Dad! You should teach me.”
He had to look away when Magnussen’s fingers trailed to John’s straining erection. He couldn’t bear to watch John’s face flush beneath the blindfold and the gag, to see his wrists strain against the handcuffs and to hear his sharp intake of breath at the touch.
However, the added complication to John’s life did nothing to deter him from his ultimate goal of getting to Sherlock.
The man finally shoved John roughly into a small room with a hookah table and a single sofa wrapped around it, empty except for Moriarty, who was sprawled out on the cushions. The door shut behind him.
Jim’s eyes narrowed and they trailed up to John’s face, assessing him. “You get a kick out of this, don’t you? It gives you a rush—brings you back to the war. You enjoy the hunt, don’t you Dr. Watson?” John’s jaw tightened as he tied off the stitching and clipped it. Jim was right, and John hated himself for enjoying any of it.
“Yes,” he whispered, forcing himself to keep his eyes level with Jim. Could Jim see the terror there? He had to.
When they woke up the following morning, John and Sherlock debated what to do with their day. They felt as if they were biding their time now. They had said their goodbyes, but sitting around the flat made them altogether too nervous. They both needed a distraction.
Over the next few weeks, John began his work at the hospital and Sherlock started reading the newspapers voraciously, scanning for crimes.  He spent his time walking the streets, familiarizing himself with old London, its homeless, its wealthy, the tradesmen and merchants and pubs and opium dens and gentlemen’s clubs and cabarets. One day John came home in a new waistcoat and jacket and some good news. He’d found a school that might accept Hamish. The annual fee was steep, but there were cases where tuition could be waived if the pupil was bright enough. John assumed Hamish wouldn’t have the slightest difficulty proving himself worthy.
John wasn’t sure what Sherlock would want to do after saying goodbye to his brother. When Sherlock ordered the cab back to Baker Street, John had expected Sherlock to retreat to his room or to his chair and disappear into his thoughts for hours on end, but as soon as they were inside 221B, Sherlock shrugged off his coat and yanked John toward him, kissing him. John gasped in surprise.
John and Sherlock stayed holding each other for a long time. After several minutes, Jane ventured inside, unsure how to feel about the two embracing men, but happy all the same, wiping her eyes at the looks of complete love and anguish John and Sherlock had on their faces. She hesitantly stepped closer to examine the body.  “I think he’s truly dead,” He said, looking up at both of them. “Do you get to go home now, Dr. Watson?”
“So this is probably the biggest, strangest mystery you’ll ever try to solve, Sherlock. That is, if you’re willing to take it on.”
He heard Sherlock stomp up the stairs and burst into the room, growling. “The thing’s indestructible!” he growled. “I couldn’t even scratch it.”
Sherlock frowned and slipped his phone into his pocket. "Are you busy, John? Care to meet a man who just asked me what the current year is?" He raised his eyebrow, and John flipped off his laptop.
Sherlock avoided John’s question and said as coolly as he could, “As I said, it’s forgotten, John. I should have taken your word for it. Won’t happen again.”
He grinnd and rubbed his hands together, approaching Sherlock and John as if they were celebrities. "Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson! I had to come find you and ask: Why aren't you in 1895 where you belong?"
Sherlock leaned down until their noses were just barely touching. “I don’t recall telling you that you could touch,” he breathed.
Jim kissed John back, pushing his head back onto the pillow. He pinned John’s arms and shoved his tongue into John’s mouth. John gave a small moan in surprise. “…Good morning,” he murmured.
He disappeared into the TARDIS, then John and Sherlock watched in silent amazement as the box whirred, flashed, faded in and out of view, then finally vanished from the pavement.
“But there’s a Mrs. Hudson, and your John Watson is right here! Is there a Professor Moriarty? An Inspector Lestrade?”
Duncan scrunched up his eyes. “Not that I recall. It wasn’t such an unusual sight back then. They were all over. There might’ve been one…”
“I didn’t mean to, honestly.” John gave him a light kiss. “I guess I need to turn down my charms. It won’t happen again, and I’m sorry. Satisfied?”
"You have two cats, you're left handed, judging by your fingernails, mild OCD, your right thumb says you play the flute, quite often, although that's no indicatior of how good you are, however, that stack of classical music in the corner would tend to support the idea that you're rather skilled at it. You've lived in an old, creaky house most of your life, though not this one. You don't know how to properly hold a writing utensil, your love life exists but lacks quite a bit in the physical department, and you had eggs for breakfast this morning. Do you want me to go on?"
John and Sherlock shook his hand in turn, still unable to get over the impossibility standing in front of them. John glanced at the teacher before leaning down to Hamish. “Where do Sophie and Craig live? We have some questions for them.”
John clenched his eyes shut, continuing to make weak, muffled pleading noises, resting his sweaty head against the wood. His arms hung slackly. He was unable to muster the energy to keep yanking on them, and it was doing no good anyway. He waited for Jim to untie him or ungag him. There were a few terrifying moments where Jim was still, presumably sitting behind him, watching him, perhaps. Relishing in his vulnerable state. Was Jim just going to leave him like this?
John and Sherlock watched in disbelief as the box dematerialized from their living room, the wind rustling the papers on Sherlock’s desk, then the engine noise faded and teh papers stilled, and there was no trace that the TARDIS had ever been there.
John was about to answer when Jim shut him up with another deep kiss. He twisted his wrists in Jim’s hands and gave a small grunt, feeling short of breath.
The boy, who had grown so much over the year, ran up to both of them and hugged them around the necks, crying as they both kneeled in front of him. “I didn’t know if you’d both come back—I—I—I didn’t know if- if you’d both be okay—I didn’t want you to die for
Before John reached the door, Mycroft added, “Thank you for telling me.” He paused. “Take care of him.”
"On the website it says this Doctor person…changes his face or something. But that doesn't explain why the man Duncan saw looked the same 60 years later…and it's impossible."
The name was unfamiliar to Sherlock. He glared at Moriarty for a moment before taking a deep breath, collecting himself, the straightening, looking his nemesis over coolly. Hamish stuck his head around Sherlock, still confused.
“Mycroft is Sherlock’s brother. Feel lucky that you’ll never have to meet him.” John couldn’t imagine Mycroft liking children, even a clever nephew. He zipped up the suitcase. “There! Are you sure you packed everything?”
Jim adopted a bored drawl, his voice dripping apathy. “Well, he had it coming...the man had stamina, but he was never the brightest. Easy to manipulate.” He twisted his mouth into a cruel smile. “Love is such a detriment to
“Ugh. Sounds unbearable,” Sherlock grimaced. “Still, it’s likely our best bet. I’ll need you to fake a scan. Mycroft will want evidence. Think you can get us into an MRI room?”
Jim’s black gaze caught John’s eyes and a small smile played at his lips. John knew he’d tripped a wire and cursed himself for letting his tongue slip.
“Still, I think it would be wisest to prepare, in case the Doctor’s predictions are right,” Sherlock reasoned, tossing on pyjama pants and sliding into bed.
John continued to the next one, which came a few hours later. “Charlotte again. Sorry to bother, but I’m beginning to think I’m going a bit mad, and the police won’t listen. They think I’m crazy—but I hear you deal with crazy cases.
“I'm saying, boss, that I would offer up whatever made you happy, and that if what makes you happy pleases me as well, then so much the better.”
“Yes,” Craig stammered. “He pops in every now and then. If it wasn’t for him, Sophie and I never would’ve…”
John gasped silently when Jim shifted in his sleep and he felt something hard touching him. He carefully lifted the covers, horrified, but was relieved to find only the knife, the hilt pressing against his thigh. Not wanting to get cut by the blade, John was unsure if he should reach down and take it from Jim’s loose grasp, or if he should wake Jim up and risk what Jim would be like when awoken against his will.
Sherlock only smiled at that, staring ahead, so Hamish settled back in his chair, sighing. His eyes followed a passing doctor. “That man’s got a secret, hasn’t he? Look at how he’s holding that folder.”
Sherlock only paused for a quick breath of air before he began hungrily kissing John back, ripping his jacket off and pulling him closer.
“How’s Hamish?” John asked, coughing from the small amount of talking. He tried to clear his throat and found it extremely painful.
Jim let his eyes slowly slide down Mary’s figure and back up to her eyes, wetting his lips. “Sherlock warned you about me, did he? How considerate.” He raised an eyebrow and stepped forward, pushing his way inside. “Is he in, love? I’ve got some rather interesting news concerning Doctor Watson and Hamish.” He let his eyes wander up the stairs before turning them back on Mary, his gaze suddenly harsh.
Sherlock, however, didn’t even both looking up, focusing his attention on his work, though his words were more taut and he continued acting snappish for the rest of the investigation.
It was a very good question. John looked at Sherlock in hopes that would come up with some sort of logic out of this, but Sherlock ignored the question entirely. “The flat above you…is it available to let? We were thinking it would suit our needs perfectly.”
“What will you miss the most?” John asked. He glanced at the electric kettle and the light switches. He hadn’t even thought about electricity until now. How much electricity did they have in 1895?
“ I don’t know, but if it is able to get here from Brixton only when no one is looking at it, I don’t want to underestimate it. Unless it’s a new one.” There was a chilling thought. He realized, of course, that they had no idea how many angels were out there. There had been the four in Brixton, but there were stone angels all over the place, in cemeteries, on churches… “Tell me if you need to blink and I’ll trade off with you for a bit.”
John heaved a sigh, almost too annoyed to show Sherlock his surprise. He took a deep breath, then finally said, “I bought you something…”
He dropped out a few bitter drops onto Jim’s tongue, then gave him a glass of water. As Jim drifted back to sleep, John resumed his spot, keeping vigil until Jim had completely lost consciousness.
“God—John,” Sherlock muttered as they kept going, the joy inside him tightening and building. “Fuck.”
They spent the rest of their day doing just that. John reveled in ordinary things—queuing in Tesco and getting overcharged at the cash machine, eating kebabs for lunch, listening to a one-way conversation of some pregnant woman on her mobile. They stopped at the Cross and Key for a pint and idly watched the end of a football match on the telly, then took a bus to St. Bart’s. Sherlock ran a hand fondly over the microscopes and preservation supplies and sleek computers.
John gave a needy moan, and he was mortified when his hips pushed forward into the touch. He was soaking Sherlock's scarf with his saliva, and he bit down on it, vowing not to make another sound.
John alternated between kissing Sherlock—God, even when he was mad he couldn’t get enough—and trying to struggle away from him so he could defend himself. He finally pushed him away. “I was just—being friendly! Sherlock, you
Mary watched Sherlock let out a choked gasp. He scanned over the letter several more times, although he had memorized it the first time through. By the fifth time through it, Sherlock was crying.
John let out a furious, pained groan, blinking back tears as Jim thrust in a few more times before coming himself, not pulling out until his erection had completely disappeared.
“Right,” John muttered, then continued filling in details about his and Sherlock’s first case. Eventually Hamish fell asleep by the fire and John carried him upstairs, tucking him into the large four-poster bed, then set about removing the sheets from the furniture and spreading then out on the rug for himself and Sherlock to sleep in. He was still up when Sherlock came home with a black eye.
Jim was still examining his nails, not bothering to glance up. “So...what did you do with your day off?”
mention Dougherty. They hadn't directly talked about anything bad, after all. “Oh—I met another one of your men—Dougherty. I just sort of—bumped into him, had a brief chat. That was all. Why? Is there a problem?” John forced himself to sound and look unconcerned.
“Hamish, you should know very well that some of biggest scientific breakthroughs were mistakes. You’re the best mistake that I’ve ever inherited.” He rested a hand on his son’s shoulder.
The Doctor sternly approached him. “Let me make one thing clear. The one thing you must understand about me: I am
John eyed Jim’s desk and grabbed two more bottles, running to the front door. Jim stumbled after him desperately trying to grab at them. “
Duncan shook his head mournfully. “Why would somebody put a box on the sidewalk and move it a couple hours later?”
John was exactly what he wanted him to be, Sherlock thought, but said nothing. He was hardly going to beg him to stay, not after John stated so clearly that it wasn’t what he wanted.
Sherlock ground his teeth together, unnerved once more by how much the Doctor read into him. “But how do you know? What is your evidence to believe that this universe will be ‘damaged’ if we stay? It’s ludicrous.”
throwing a fit,” John said, agitatedly standing up. “I just don’t know how I’m supposed to say goodbye to people! How can I do it without it being perplexing and upsetting for them? God, I can’t think about this right now.”
…oh, hell, we’ve been through this before. You know how I care about you.” John leaned over and rubbed his forehead with his hand. He wanted so badly to tell Sherlock, to release the overwhelming, churning emotions inside of him, to bring them out of him so he could make some sort of sense from them.
Sherlock took a somewhat hesitant step towards John. “If I’m wrong, consider the whole episode forgotten. I’ll never bring it up again.”
“London in 1895!” The Doctor crowed as the TARDIS lurched to a halt. “Full of mystery, you’ll love it! The gas lamps, the opium dens, the aristocracy and the beggar class, all mingling together with pickpockets, murderers, secret societies, crimes galore! …all we have to do is see if we can track down Mr. Doyle.”
John looked up and to the left, pretending to rack his brain. It was probably best not to mention Dougherty. He doubted merely talking to him would get him in trouble, but it might raise suspicions. The man wasn't exactly in Jim's immediate ring of men. “Nnnope, I think that's it,” he said, surprising himself with the casual tone he managed to pull off.
“Right!” John stood up, pleasantly surprised that Sherlock was game to join him. He often made it a point to avoid pubs, especially on those days when a match was on. “Cross and Keys, then? It’s just down the road.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and shifted to face the ceiling. “I’m surprised I hadn’t picked up on that earlier.”
“How—how does one go about finding a job in London?” John asked, noticing that Sherlock had bent to whisper something in Hamish’s ear, then stood to scan the flat.
That was a sobering thought. If he and Sherlock disappeared, there would be no closure, no explanation. At least with death there was finality, there was closure. When people disappeared, there was that constant feeling of waiting, of uncertainty. There were few people that John was close to, but he would hate to put those he was close to through that.
Once Mrs. Hudson had bustled off to the kitchen, brushing tears from her face, Sherlock ordered John to call Mycroft. John reluctantly agreed, and Mycroft agreed to send a car around, which took John to Diogenes Club.
The small, strange family gathered together in front of the crackling fire as Hamish recounted his unusual history and creation, Sherlock leaning over John’s chair to wrap his arms around his shoulders from behind, Hamish nestled in his lap.
The second part of the plan required a way to get Hamish out of school and somewhere safe as soon as possible. The weekend after he discovered Burke, John made his usual trip to see Hamish. He waited at their usual meeting spot, idly watching other laughing boys walk down the hallway. Hamish was later than usual, but John supposed he might have gotten caught up with a friend or a professor. After waiting an hour with no sign of Hamish, John began to worry. He headed to Hamish’s dormitory and pushed the door open.
Craig nodded, his eyes widening, then scooped up his toddler, who was wandering towards the door. “No, Alfie, no running off, or Mummy’s going to be cross with me. Sorry, yes, I’m Craig. Holmes and Watson! Are you here about Hamish? Are you, err, his…?”
“Right. It doesn’t feel like we met him this morning.” John clicked off the light and curled in next to Sherlock, resting his head on his chest. “He fits us. It’s odd…” He closed his eyes, already feeling himself beginning to drift off.
The Doctor chuckled and grabbed Sherlock’s hand, yanking him inside. “This is going to blow a hole in your logic frame…”
“Well, he’s pretending to be dying of a brain aneurysm, I’m a big gay slut, and we’re both trying to avoid imprisonment in a past century,” John rattled off. He really had ceased caring.
John clears his throat. “I thought that was what you wanted.” He hesitated, wondering how far he could take the lie. “And I want to please you, Jim.”
Sherlock returned fully dressed; how he’d managed it so fast was beyond John. “This is Duncan—what was your last name?”
John grabbed Sherlock’s hands from his back and pinned them to the bed above his head. “Say you’re sorry.”
“Sherlock—don’t,” John said. The idea of statues moving on their own was absurd, but he had no mind to try and test Sherlock’s theory, especially after what the Doctor had told them.
“Want to play ‘spot the people having affairs’ like we did last time? Granted, you always win. But you can laugh at my feeble little mind or use whatever the insult of the day is,” he suggested.
why you keep me around, isn’t it? The short, dumpy-looking ex-army doctor makes the tall, mysertious detective look all the more striking by comparison! I’m the Robin to your ‘Hat-Man,’ the bachelor to your boffin. That’s just fine! It’s fine!”
Hamish looked at Sherlock sitting in his chair and cocked his head to the side before sitting up and drawing his own knees to is chest. He steepled his fingers as well, mirroring Sherlock.
They glanced at each other briefly before racing upstairs to see the Doctor circling the stone angels, examining them closely.
John shivered. “If you expect me to…mold to your will like Sebastian, you’re going to be disappointed.”
While Sherlock examined the contents of Hamish’s wardrobe, John was drawn to the crayon drawings tacked up above Hamish’s disorderly little desk. In one drawing, he could clearly decipher Hamish with the Doctor. Another showed him, Craig, Alfie, and a blonde woman who must have been Sophie. Two others showed an old man—Wilfred—and another showed a couple, a man with a scribble of brown hair and a large “V” for a nose, and a red haired woman, most likely the Williams. There was another picture on the desk, not yet tacked up, of Hamish standing between two distinctly male but ambiguous looking stick figures. Hamish’s two mystery “dads.” John picked the picture up to examine it more closely, walking over to show Sherlock and nearly tripping over a cricket bat poking out from under the boy’s bed.
It was such a concise way of putting it that both of them smiled, and John dropped to one knee to hug Hamish properly.
John wanted to leap up and punch the air, but buried his joy and managed a look of mild surprise. “What's in London, sir?”
John increased his speed, taking more of the length each time until Jim was in as far as he could bear. He sucked as hard as he could, sliding his tongue up and down the veins.
Sherlock wrote a bit more furiously. “I don’t hate Mary. You’ve jumped to a conclusion based on pure speculation.”
Hamish’s eyes widened as John talked, then hopped off the bed and, to both John and Sherlock’s surprise, grabbed them around their waists to hug them.  His voice was muffled he buried his face in Sherlock’s side. “I
John grabbed his med bag and took Jim’s hand in his to clean the wound. Jim was still seething, but too bleary to carry out any death threats, so he sat and glared at John. “You’re not the boss of me, John Watson. You work for
John leafed through it. It was the strangest thing to skim through events so similar to his life, written by someone who sounded and thought like him, except from over a century earlier and written by a strange man. John finally put the book on the console.
One morning John went to grab a mug from the cabinet and stared at a bag of dehydrated mice. “Nice addition to the teacups in there, Sherlock, the shriveled mice. Is there a vampire cat that I should be worried about?”
“You can’t bring yourself to say it, can you? ‘I’m Sherlock Holmes, I don’t find people attractive, I’m too
“As if you could,” John said breathily, closing his eyes. “I’m not your slave. Even if I don’t mind being ordered around every now and then.”
“Aliens! Finally, something fun to do!” He looked back at John as if noticing him for the first time. “Did you want something?”
Sherlock groaned loudly, pushing his hips up, reveling at John’s touch. It had been so long. “God—“ Sherlock clenched his pillow in his fists as his breath hitched.
“John Watson, you are a bigger thrill seeker than I originally pegged you for.” He plucked the map from John’s hands. “Assyrian Ivory-Work. It never sees much action.”
“Does Sherlock know about your…rather unusual enjoyment?” Magnussen said, tightening the blindfold securely.
Sherlock nodded. “I have reason to believe the Doctor wants us banished into the past by them, and I have no intention of leaving. How are the angels destroyed?”
"We tried asking the doctor, but most of what he said goes right over our heads. He tends to jabber pretty quick," Elton said, then looked at Sherlock. "Bit like you."
"Sounds like a good use of time to me…" Jack smiled, then he winked at the waitress clearing up their mostly unused table. "Thanks, beautiful!"
Jim crossed to the door to knock, but Hamish had already poked his head out at the sound of voices. Jim gave John a meaningful look as Hamish ran to give his dad a hug.
John moved his hand back to grip Sherlock’s bum as he pulled Sherlock in deeper, pulling in and out with greater speed, easing up every so often to keep Sherlock from coming too quickly. He had forgotten how much fun giving fellatio could be when he actually cared about his partner, when he
John slipped inside a changing booth and pulled it on, feeling odd buttoning trousers without a zipper, and even odder as he buttoned the waistcoat and thought about wearing it as part of a daily ensemble. He slipped the coat on, which was a trifle long in the arms but altogether passable, and stepped out for Sherlock’s approval, leaving his modern shoes on, deciding they weren’t horribly futuristic looking.
John considered this, finding it surprising. Even though it was Mycroft, surely Sherlock wanted some sort of face-to-face closure. He bit back his questions about it, however and asked a different one. “And how are we going to tell Mrs. Hudson?”
“No, but blatantly insulting people to their face does,” John snorted. “Why do I bother nagging you to behave?”
? I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU TO KEEP THIS CLEAN!” Jim took a step forward, and before John had time to react, he took a swing at him, his fist connecting hard with John’s cheekbone.
There was a rattle at the door handle, then a loud knocking at the door. A muffled voice called, “Who’s in there?”
Sherlock’s brain whirled as he tried to keep up and make sense out of it all. Moriarty. Alive. Here, in 1895. It was even more impossible than himself and John being here.
John was a wreck. His breath was coming fast and part of himself wanted to lose himself to this man, to just let it happen—but the larger part was screaming to escape, to not let him win.
John was familiar with the name. Cassey was a low-life crime lord out of Cork that dealt with Jim on a fairly regular basis.
Jim didn’t say anything, just sat up and watched him before getting out of bed himself, a mixture of confusion, disgust and curiosity on his face, confusion winning out.
As Sherlock positioned himself carefully over John’s hips, John realized, wide-eyed what was going to happen. God, he was going to have to do everything he could to stop himself with coming immediately.
be the fathers the Doctor mentioned! Hamish is the very spit of you both! But I have to ask. How was Hamish—“ Craig cleared his throat. “
Sherlock slapped the newspaper onto the dining table in 221B Baker Street, making the housemaid Mary jump.
“He was making fun of me! I had to clock him!” John winced, reminded of the many scrapes he’d gotten into on the playground. Hamish turned back to the two men. “What are you two doing here? Are you my dads?”
Sherlock smiled too and hurriedly wiped his eyes. “While we’re coming clean…your rabbit, Charleston, the gray one that died over summer hols back when I was still in primary—that was my fault. I was running an experiment on it, trying to control animal’s emotional responses—“
“Yes, astute logic, Sally, but tell me how this enormous stone statue moved a full twenty feet in the three minute space since you saw it last,” Sherlock said. “Let’s entertain the impossible for a few moments.” He turned his attention back to the angel, studying every inch of it. He would love to circle behind it, but it took up the entire narrow hallway. “Assuming they move on their own, but only when other people aren’t looking—what if—ahhh,” he murmured to himself, then stared up at the angel’s covered face. “What if we were all to take our eyes off it—to blink, even for just a moment—what would happen?”
Jane looked at him in surprise. She rarely heard anything out of the tacit gunman. “What is it sir?” She brushed away a strand of frizzy hair from her face.
. I was merely…commenting on your height—not that I care how tall you are.” He huffed, irritated. “Never mind. It’s irrelevant.”
Hamish’s eyes welled with tears and he hugged the Doctor tightly. “I’ll miss you, if I don’t ever see you.”
Sherlock quickly backed away from the door and pretended to just be arriving when Mary exited, cheeks red.
” Jim was cackling like a madman now, frotting against John and running his hands all over John’s body.
still here, is the better question, Sherlock Holmes. When you leave, you close up this reality, and that’s how it should be. If you keep running…if you stay here much longer, you will rip a hole in the universe.”
, John thought, his heart pounding. He could feel Magnussen crossing around him and then he knew that Magnussen was standing right in front of him. His face burned. Sherlock couldn’t watch this. Sherlock couldn’t see.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at that. “Tell the serial killers to bring their best game. And Doctor…thank you.”
John didn’t have much of an appetite for breakfast, but as he always did when he struggled to follow Jim’s orders, he forced vivid images of Hamish with his throat slit or Sherlock with a bullet in his head and resolved to obey.
useful. He spread some on his fingers as Sherlock frowned at him curiously, then gently pushed Sherlock’s knees up toward his chest and slowly pushed an oiled finger inside, his breath catching at the tightness, then worked it in and out, slowly adding a second.
A long-unused muscle at the corner of John’s mouth twitched in the hint of a smile, imagining what Sherlock’s response would be upon learning that Moriarty had daddy issues. The twitch was quickly gone, however, and John nodded. “Point taken, boss. It won’t happen again.”
Beating away.” He sighed, then brushed off and straightened Sherlock’s lapels. “Ah, well. If at first you don’t succeed…” His mouth drifted into a grin.
“Yes, but that suit I just bought only cost a half-sovereign and two shillings,” Sherlock said, jingling the coins left in the bag.
Sherlock glanced at John, who looked relieved, then back to her, reaching his hand out to raise her chin so their eyes met. Sherlock searched her face for a moment. “Thank you,” he said sincerely.
Jim walked back into the living room and sat at his desk to continue writing. “I would have killed him regardless of whether you were here or not. Anyone who barges into my house to threaten me or my employees must die. He was liability, and I’ve got a reputation to uphold.” He plucked up his fountain pen once more before adding, “And you’re a useful asset to me.”
Jim looked down at him, unsatisfied with the indirectness of John's statement. “Stand up.” John was disgusted at how his heart hammered as he obeyed. He turned to face Jim, who locked eyes with him. “I need a 'yes' or a 'no.' Do. You.
John pressed his head to Sherlock’s chest, and the room was silent, except for the dying pops from the fire and the night wind at the window glass. John finally looked up at Sherlock, who was also still awake. “This is going to be an interesting life, isn’t it?”
They fell onto Sherlock’s bed, yanking off each other’s trousers, their legs becoming entangled and their mouths never straying far from each other’s.
John kneeled in front of Hamish, trying to explain about the stone angels and the cracks and the universe and the Doctor’s part in it all. It was a lot to take in, and he searched Hamish’s face when all was said. “We’re all going to have to blink together, you see. If the angels are in fact down there.”
Sherlock had moved one of the chairs near the fireplace, precisely where his former chair sat. He was sitting in it now, scanning the paper for any sort of crime. Other than a recurring, frustrating dead-end involving an enigmatic professor, there wasn’t anything exciting so far. “New waistcoat,” he remarked, looking up at John. He hadn’t spent much time with John during the past few days, since they’d both been busy. “Any other news?”
Jim picked up speed, sending the headboard slamming against the wall. Despite the pain, John felt his arousal increasing. Jim was making a conscious effort to hit John's prostate, pleasuring him.
“I’m okay,” John rasped. “I had an accident, but I’ll be fun. How was—“ John stopped to cough and clear his throat. “How was school? I missed you.”
“That never gets old!” The Doctor said. He stepped up to John, who hadn’t moved, his eyes wide as he stared up in awe. “How are you faring, Doctor Watson?”
Duncan looked anxiously between the two men. “I have to tell you, first, about when I was a boy during the Blitz. The air raid sirens went off while I was delivering newspapers—I was late getting home, and the streets were completely empty. Except for one man, running down the street. He waved at me and smiled, like nothing was wrong. I was terrified that, somehow, he was a Nazi, but he wasn’t dressed like a soldier—anyway, he grabbed my hand and told me to run and to not turn around. I don’t know what was chasing us, I only caught glimpses…but I think that man saved my life. I got home and he disappeared. Then, last week, I saw the man again. I knew it was him, he even had the same outfit on. And he hadn’t aged at all!”
Sherlock stared coldly back. “You must realize that saying I should trust you because you’re ‘The Doctor’ is about equivalent to saying I should trust you because you had shrimp cocktails for dinner last week—meaningless.”
Sherlock winced a bit, then grinned. “I got into a bit of a scuffle, but I got him—nothing is ever new, crimes are only recycled with small variants here or there. I talked to a few bystanders, did a bit of footwork. It was hardly difficult. Similar to the aluminium crutch case, actually. Also, I met a DI from the Yard—Gregson. And—“ From his coat Sherlock pulled out a weighty bag of coins, and John laughed in surprised delight. “There was a reward out for our Belgravia Slasher as well. It should tide us over until the money from your job comes in.”
John slipped his hands behind Sherlock’s coat and grabbed at his bum, pulling him closer. “Just realized…there are probably security cameras in here,” he muttered.
John clenched his jaw. “Fine. I understand. But it’s not going to come to that. And even if he won, do you really think he’d accept a trade anyway? He plays by his own rules.”
Hamish’s eyes widened, worried that he must’ve let it slip that Sherlock was his dad. He whispered to John, “Dad, I didn’t tell him—“
John began yanking off Sherlock’s robe, letting it fall to the ground, then yanked Sherlock’s arms up and pushed his t-shirt over his head, tossing it to the ground as well. “Aren’t you supposed to be the
thorough! …but then again, I suppose I don’t actually know that’s what you were doing…but, John…” Jim stopped thrusting, staying inside him and leaving John panting until he pulled back hard on the rope around his neck, forcing his head back. John gave a strangled moan as Jim leaned over, his lips touching John's ear as he said quietly, “
“Nah, he’d be thrilled. He loves showing off his things. Come on.” Craig hefted Alfie into his arms and led them down the hall.
“I already told you, if this isn’t right, it’s forgotten.” They were now toe to toe. Sherlock noted John’s quicked breathing. “Your pupils are dilated.”
They made a sort of nest for themselves out of the sheets, and their overclothes, burrowing against each other for warmth on the hard floor.
"We've been off the research for a long while, but we can't help but notice when Doctor-related news pops up…and we've been hearing this name Torchwood come up. Somehow the two are related, but we haven't been able to find any information on it, other than it's a government organization for 'security matters.' Sounds like alien business, if you ask me," Elton said.
“Oh, don’t get your hopes up, dear. Of course I’ll take precautionary steps. Have him watched, make sure he knows you’re with me, and of course, promise him that I’ll have you both killed if I think he’s getting too curious.” Jim touched John’s chin, tilting his face up towards him. “And I
Hamish nodded his tear-stained face into John’s shoulder, wrapping his arms tightly around his neck. His breath hitched. “It’s not fair! I finally got my dads! It’s not fair, it’s not—“ his mumblings became less coherent as he sobbed into John’s shoulder, his face red and his nose running.
“Can we go see them?” the boy asked, as if they had come together on this outing in the first place.
He drew the gun out slowly, then pushed it back in, beginning to fuck John’s mouth with it, never losing his grip in John’s hair.
“Because we are masters in our respective fields and it would be absurd not to hire us,” Sherlock interjected.
The space was of course entirely different. The fireplace was in the same spot, but the floor was covered in an old rug. There were a few pieces of furniture with dusty sheets thrown over them, but it was mostly barren.
"Who is this, and why don't I already know you? Anyone with a baritone voice that sexy is definitely worth knowing."
John weakly lifted his head up to nod, then flopped back onto the pillow in frustration, practically shouting through his gag.
! You may have pulled away, but it certainly TOOK YOU LONG ENOUGH! Or for those few minutes were you just
"I can't divulge that information. The fact that you even know about it is troubling. Why on earth do you want to know?"
loathe getting my hands dirty…” He raised his finger in front of his face, examining the blood from different angles, then stared darkly into John’s eyes, singing lightly, “Oh well.”
He whirled over to his desk and pulled the small security camera from the drawer, fixing it to the bookshelf and hooking it up to his computer to create a live stream of the living room.
“You still haven't answered my question, John,” Jim said, a dangerous tinge in his voice. “What's on your mind?”
“Lovely. Glad to know that our financial situation is sorted. We’ll teach our son how to pickpocket like a proper street urchin while simultaneously making enemies with our potential landlord. Oh, yes. We’re going to flourish in the century—“ John’s grumblings faded away as he was taken in by the scope of the crowded London street.
John sighed and stared at the ceiling. Some things—like Sherlock being an oblivious twat—never changed.
him.” Jim locked his eyes with John’s. “I want you. I need a replacement for Sebastian. You’re an army man, a good shot, used to following orders, not a complete idiot—at least going by
I’ve been stupid, Mary, so bloody stupid. He has the advantage now, but he is not going to come out on top. He can’t.”
“I took a brief test, was all. The requirements for medical hiring have changed a lot over the years, I’ll tell you. I had to bite my tongue from correcting them on some of the questions. But I start as surgeon on Monday!”
Sherlock, having put together most of the pieces himself, didn’t enjoy hearing what John had had to do, but understood completely why he had. He was mixed with jealousy and pride that John had managed to fool James Moriarty.
All the while Hamish held tightly to John’s hand. Eventually, they returned downstairs to find Jim at his desk, writing. He gave Hamish a small, sad smile. “Would you like to decide what’s for dinner, Hamish?”
.” He pulled on his waistcoat, turned to leave, then looked back at John. “Hamish’s school goes on holiday starting next weekend, so if you don’t want me alone with your son, I suggest you hurry.”
"The wild goose chase continues," Sherlock sighed as they left the embassy, unfolding the piece of paper she'd scribbled on. "Time to call Jack Harkness."
John about-faced subconsciously and left. He found the man and did the job, making an effort not to dwell on it. He didn’t let himself wonder if the man had a family or not. He’d kept his distance. Just another body, he’d thought.
Doyle frowned down at Hamish and his odd clothing, skeptical of the boy’s reading ability, but tickled that he was taking an interest in his passion. “I’ve written some adventure stories and some histories.”
killing her.“ he dropped his voice to a serious deadpan. “I’m sure she could provide…other services. And your landlord, your
“Yes, of course,” John said. So this was it—he was setting into motion a set of stories that would become world famous and long-lasting pieces of literature. It was a surreal thought, and he chuckled to himself.
John raised his eyebrows. “Something wrong, boss? I promise, I passed gun assembly with flying colors in the army.” He looked at the array of pistols on the table. “Of course, those were
They wandered in confusion down the street, past residential areas to a street with more shops, finally finding a menswear store. Once inside, they quickly learned that most suits were tailored on request. When they explained that it was an emergency, the tailor frowned and took John’s measurements, disappearing into the back and appearing with a suit that he thought might be a close match.
our son, but 1895 is going to be a whole new life for us. What we going to do when you’re on a case and I’m treating patients? I don’t imagine we’ll be changing our whole habits just because we’re in the past.”
Sherlock was wrong. Magnussen knew it as soon as his mind fell upon one especially interesting pressure point of John Watson’s. He walked over to one of the guards who had checked them for weapons when they had arrived, and slipped a pair of handcuffs from his pocket, then stood behind John. “Give me your wrists, John,” he said lightly.
“If there were allegedly famous stories of us, don’t you find it odd that we haven’t heard about them before?” Sherlock asked.
John felt a bit emotional at the thought of Hamish being shipped around from place to place, never being with a family long enough to call it home. Sherlock, though, was busy trying to sort out the sordid logic of it all.
He stalked over to the kitchen table and upturned it in a swift, violent movement, getting only mild satisfaction as it hit the wooden floor with a thudding crash.
Sherlock worked his jaw for several moments, then finally cleared his throat. “How much longer do we have? How much longer can we stay before--?” He trailed off as John stepped next to him and took his hand. “A week?”
Jim's eyebrows shot up. “Sounds relaxing...” He turned to look at John. “Did you do anything else, then?”
Sherlock’s heart dropped, but he succeeded in maintaining his cold, masklike expression. “Why bother keeping me alive at all then? Why not kill me now? There’s nothing to stop you.”
will not rest until you are dead on the ground and I have burned away every last scrap of you. I will blot your name from the past and the future. You are
the usual throat-slitting.” He looked over at Hamish, realizing he should have held his tongue in the company of the young boy, but Hamish was hanging to his every word. Sherlock, too, was engrossed.
John stepped out of the kitchen. “Another one?” he asked, looking at Gregson and then at Sherlock, who was hurriedly pulling on his coat and hat. Not a deerstalker, but a proper top hat John had bought a few days ago for him.
“Mmm,” Sherlock grunted, rolling out of bed and standing unabashedly nude in front of John. He wore his skin like a well-tailored suit, and John couldn’t help admiring him in the late-afternoon light.
Since John’s and Hamish’s absence, Sherlock had buried himself in his work, obsessively compiling notes on deduction, cataloguing common mannerisms, analyzing minutiae, anything to keep his mind off how much he missed John and his son. During the first month, he’d spent all of his energy on potential rescue plans, but they had all fallen through, so now he lost himself in his work and spoke little with Mary or Arthur.
Mary nodded, giving Sherlock's arm an affectionate squeeze before she left. After she'd closed the door, Sherlock read through the letter one more time, running his thumb over the ‘JW’ printed at the bottom, thinking how John was holding this piece of paper perhaps just an hour before. He crossed to the window and watched as Mary wrapped her shawl around her as she headed out the door.
Over the next month John didn't stick a toe out of line, bending to Moriarty's every whim and will. The only thing that kept John going was his visits with Hamish and the unwavering hope that there would be another letter from Sherlock. Week after week he’d ask Jane, but she would give him the same sympathetic look and the whisper, “Sorry, Dr. Watson. No letter yet.”
"This is Sherlock Holmes, I'm a detective. I'm working on a case. Might I be able to meet with you sometime today?"
“The statues move only when nobody’s looking, right?” He clarified. “None of the residents has seen on actually move on its own?”
Sherlock watched him in sick fascination as he explained this impossible theory. “You’re mad,” he said.
“You don’t display any signs of mental illness,” Sherlock said, sitting across from him, steepling his fingers. John pulled up a chair next to them, grabbing a spare bit of paper to make notes; Sherlock never bothered with such “trivialities,” but John found notes helpful.
Sherlock reached up and loosened his tie. John stepped forward to help him, slowly pulling the silk loose from Sherlock’s collar.
“You’ve never played Cluedo? That’s it, we’re playing,” John declared, grabbing the board game and heroically ignoring Sherlock’s massive eyeroll. He explained the rules and Sherlock interjected snide remarks about the rules being idiotic. John got flustered and defensive of the game, and all the while Hamish was amused by both of his dads and quickly picked up the rules of the game.
“Left-handed. See how he carries the folder in his right so he can open the door with his dominant hand? The haircut’s the definite giveaway, though. As you noticed, he cuts his own hair, and see how it’s just a bit shorter on the right, as it’s easier for him to reach, and a bit more jagged on the left?”
John bit down on the gag, yelling into it as his eyes rolled up. The sensation of was incredible, and John’s breath caught even more as Sherlock began to move up and down.
“To 1895!” John and Sherlock clinked their pint glasses together. It was a Monday evening and it was quiz night at a neighboring pub, so the two men had an entire corner of the pub to themselves.
Jim continued to lean against the wall, eyes narrowed, wetting his lips. He finally shrugged away from the door frame and slowly walked towards John, dragging his nails across the back of John's shoulder as he circled him. He drawled, “You're a smart man, Dr. Watson...”
Sherlock’s grin faded. “Aneurysm stays,” he said. “There were more than two angels at Barrington Arms, and for all we know, there are even more out there. I don’t want to get too comfortable and then be caught off guard.”
“Thank you, Mary. I’m amazed you managed to pull something like that together on our tight budget.” John had reduced the shopping budget and had cut other corners to save up for Sherlock’s violin, but Sherlock hadn’t noticed or minded the potato and cabbage-centric dinners of late.
Hamish frowned, but nodded. John rose and took his hand. “Are you sure you want to do this, Hamish? If you don’t want to come, this might be your last chance to say so. You could go back to live with Craig and Sophie.”
“Oh, it’s nothing, really. As long as you know the right grocers and markets to go to...I’m happy to help.” Sherlock glanced her way and she blinked a couple times, looking embarrassed and a trifle uncomfortable. She turned her attention back to Hamish. “If you help me in the kitchen, I’ll let you sample everything before we serve it.”
“Who? What’s following you?” Molly asked, but Sherlock cast her a look that told her that she wasn’t going to be told, and gave a tired sigh.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John’s scarf. “Oh. Brilliant. And she’s made you a scarf,” he observed, then dropped his voice so Mary couldn’t hear. “Why don’t you two just get married? That’s what fine, upstanding doctors are supposed to do, aren’t they? Find a nice wife and settle down?”
Sherlock was completely taken aback and stumbled backwards, mouth open in shock. John wanted to hit himself. Stupid,
Jane gave a small nod. “My husband passed…but I’ve got a son…around the same age as your lad—Hamish…”
Hamish raised an eyebrow and gave John and all too familiar stare. John leaned in to whisper to Sherlock, “Did you have a clone made a few years back, because that boy is the spit of you. And anyway, cloning seems like the sort of arrogant thing you’d try.”
"Oh, don't be dull, John, things went from crazy to loopy as soon as Duncan Reynolds II walked through the door. Massive crush? Please. He flirted with everyone."
Jim laughed once more, utterly pleased by Sherlock’s response. He shook his head and smiled. “Oh, Sherlock, Sherlock.” Jim’s eyes flashed. “I don’t want
Elton welcomed them inside and led them to the kitchen, chattering the whole way. "I was really surprised when you called—the LINDA page hasn't had any hits in ages. I've considered taking it down, but I thought it would be better to leave it up so people would know what can happen when you go out looking for the Doctor. He's wonderful, of course he is, but I think he's almost too…big for humans to be around. His life is too dangerous…did you watch my vlogs?"
Sherlock scanned the street, unable to help hoping that his eyes would lock with a certain brown-eyed army doctor. When they didn't, he went to sit at his writing desk and began composing John's letter, not knowing how long it would be until he got it. It would be at least a week before it reached Dublin, where the address was marked, but would John even be back then? He wished he could respond to the letter immediately. Sherlock felt a pang of annoyance that 1895 didn’t have the convenience of mobiles and texting.
“Would you care if I wasn’t?” Sherlock asked coldly. “You didn’t have a problem displacing John, Hamish and I.”
The next day, John and Sherlock had snuck their way into the MRI room at St. Bart’s, locking the door behind them.
John stared down the blackness of the barrel for a few tense moments before he finally reached behind him, pulled out the gun, and dropped it to the floor. He raised his hands up, stumbling away from Jim. If this was how John was going to go out, he wanted answers. “
John watched Jim's back, terrified, until he was sure Jim's even breathing was genuine. He slipped from the bed and limped to the corner chair, trembling. All things considered, he told himself, he had gotten off easy this time. He was alive. Sherlock and Hamish were alive. That was all he could ask for. But the plan—the plan was ruined.
“Near Portobello Road, on some side street close to the park. And the box was just…there on the sidewalk.”
?” John contemplated blearily what he would do if he had to choose between keeping Sherlock alive and Hamish alive. The thought was grim.
Sherlock didn’t answer, silent for the rest of the cab ride. When the arrived, he paid off the driver, and the two headed to the morgue, which was closed off for the night. Sherlock grunted a dialed Molly’s number.
They were greeted by Elton, a man in his early 30s, with very blonde hair and slight bug-eyes after John rang the doorbell. He looked between the two expectantly. "Is one of you Sherlock Holmes, then?"
for that matter, act as if you don’t care for me at all.” He looked her up and down. “Which shouldn’t be too difficult for you, and wouldn’t be that hard for him to believe either.”
The next few nights were much the same. It became implied that John would share Jim's bed. John wondered why they both agreed to this—was it to fill some mutual, lonely hole? John couldn't imagine Jim feeling lonely, but he remembered the barbs Sherlock had thrown about Sebastian and the brief, wounded flicker in Jim's eyes. Was this man capable of missing anyone? John couldn't tell.
“Oh, he trades...he’s just creative about it. If you’ll recall, he traded yours, Mrs. Hudson’s, and Lestrade’s life for mine...although I imagine that
John began to weep too, unsure if it was his son’s tears or his own worries that he might never see Sherlock again that sent him over the edge. “Hamish, he’s gone—all right? He’s gone.” He pulled Hamish to him and hugged him tight, sobbing now. Sherlock really was gone. Not dead, but gone all the same. “And I don’t know what’s going to happen to us now. Just please,
"Sherlock Holmes! For you I'd meet any time. I've got some places to go-what year are you in right now?"
“Hamish? HAMISH!” the Doctor seemed to see Hamish for the first time, and stared down at him in shock.
John kissed him back eagerly, wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s sides and feeling his prominent ribcage. “Did you eat at
Sophie was home before the hour was out, and Craig explained the situation. John and Sherlock lagged outside the living room as Craig and Sophie said their goodbyes to Hamish.
John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s arched back, taking him in his mouth at last, pulling in and out, easing off occasionally before setting in again, causing Sherlock’s pleasure to roll in waves.
"It looks like a crackpot website, but it can't be a coincidence," John murmured, leaning back as Sherlock took the laptop from him to examine more closely. "They have a whole page dedicated to that police box, and a whole other page dedicated to some person they call 'The Doctor.'"
“I don’t think that Sherlock knows that you think about him nearly every time that you masturbate, either,” he said.
“You can’t be serious,” John said, stepping over and snatching the bottle away. “Jim. This is childish.”
“No, it’d be useless. An utter waste of time,” Sherlock said, pausing to drink a large portion of his pint. “I would love to take a scalpel to that man and dissect him. Now
“So impatient,” Sherlock teased, then reached to the bedside table and pulled out some lube. Smirking a bit, he uncapped the bottle and rubbed some along
Sherlock cut him off with a soft kiss, wrapping a hesitant hand around the back of John’s neck to pull him into the kiss.
Sherlock wound his scarf around his neck, scanning 221B over before he headed out the door after John. Everything was in its proper place, and everything was as it should be.
Sherlock leaned over to observe how the man clutched the folder to his chest. “Yes, indeed. Knuckles white from gripping it so hard, sweat visible on the forehead.” He looked over at Hamish, impressed. “What else can you see?”
Hamish was an uncontainable streak of energy in the flat in Baker Street. He wanted to look at everything. The skull—“Wow! Is that
"Duncan could just be senile," John said. It seemed to John the most likely solution. Not elaborate or exciting, perhaps, but plausible. "Or maybe he has a faulty memory."
An hour and a half later, John finally emerged in the foyer, triumphantly holding a paper in his hand.
John hurriedly tucked it back in, his face no less red, as the boy finished, “And the fact that you’re hanging around in the boring old ivory work room’s sort of a giveaway.”
John stared at him for a moment. Sherlock spoke with such calmness. “How can you be so calm about this? How does it not bother you, that we could disappear from our friends’ lives? From our families? God, what am I supposed to tell Harry? We never did get on, but I’m the only immediate family she’s got. Am I supposed to ring her up and say, ‘Hi, sis, just so you know, I might disappear into the past, so if you don’t hear from me, it’s because I’m in 1895. Ta!’”
! JAMES MORIARTY! DID YOU KILL MY SON, YES OR NO?!” John’s voice came out utterly desperate and commanding, his eyes flashing. All fear had left him. If he had no chance of seeing Hamish or Sherlock again, then there was nothing left to fear.
Sherlock looked at the unknown number ringing out on his phone. The Doctor had known someone would call. He dreaded answering, but was filled with curiosity. He settled by tossing the phone onto the sofa, glaring at it until it stopped ringing.
“Nothing magnetic, absolutely nothing,” John said, pulling Sherlock towards him and unbuckling his belt. “Anything else magnetic on you?”
Hamish came around to the idea when he learned that the school, despite being a boarding school, was in London, and that he could come home on weekends.
Mary rested a hand on his shoulder, a lump in her throat. She tried to clear it and to keep her voice steady. “I’m…I’m sure everything will turn out all right. If anyone can find them, you can. All those stories John’s told Mr. Doyle about you…if they’re true…everything will be all right.”
A few rattles, whirs and shakes of the TARDIS later and they were back in 2012, confirmed by John, who lurched to the door and looked around the much more familiar version of his home street. John must have had a shell-shocked look about his face, for the Doctor stepped over and clapped him on the shoulder. “John Watson! You magnificent man—how are you holding up? 1895 too much?”
John couldn’t think of a suitable answer, so he remained silent, beginning to explore the upstairs. His bedroom was fairly large, and two doors away from what John assumed was Moriarty’s bedroom. He took mental notes of which floorboards creaked, and began testing Moriarty’s door for creakiness, seeing how easy it would be to sneak in during the night and possibly try to kill him.
“Don’t draw conclusions about things you don’t understand, Molly. Go back to work and do something useful.”
"Sherlock! There you are- this man's been asking for you- he just let himself in. Showed me his badge- the inspector of—" she turned towards the kitchen. "Sorry, dear, what did you say you were the inspector of?"
John was quick to notice that he was the only man not wearing a hat. Sherlock still had his deerstalker on, remarkably. He must have noticed that he would look less conspicuous with it on than off.
“I didn’t send John. He came on his own volition. I had no intention of telling you, but now that you know, I’ve come to say goodbye,” Sherlock said in an even voice. He straightened his suit cuffs. “My condition is more severe than the doctors previous thought. I have a week at most, if time is generous to me. So goodbye, Mycroft. That’s what I came to say.”
Sherlock ignored Jack’s flirting and sat across from him. “He did, as you predicted, turn up unexpectedly. Twice. And I’d rather he hadn’t. What do you know of the weeping angels?”
“Upstairs. Here, we’ll take your suitcase up—“ John started, but Hamish had already bolted up the stairs to look.
Sherlock clawed at John’s back and bit at John’s lip, sucking on it. “You can have me, John.” He raked his nails through John’s hair, and as John kissed him back, he yanked on Sherlock’s trousers, sliding his hand inside to grab his erection, massaging along it as he worked down the trousers with his other hand.
“Ooh, no thank you. Bad for the health, you know,” John laughed, then immediately realized his anachronistic error.
Hamish gave them an address in Lambeth, when the teacher called his name in a raised voice. She stepped over to them. “Sorry if he was bothering you.” She looked meaningfully at Hamish. “He will be receiving
“Molly, you must trust that we have good reason to believe what we do,” Sherlock said, meeting her eyes.
“Well, add ‘Milton Bradley’ to your list of enemies, then, and meanwhile I can win the game by guessing Colonel Mustard in the kitchen with the lead pipe.”
—for you, only to find out you had gone and let yourself get shot—I would’ve dug you up and killed you all over again.”
John pushed it open slowly, stopping just before the point where it began to creak, and slipped into the townhouse. He silently picked up the gun stored in the desk and began searching the quiet house, his feet noiseless. It wasn’t until he reached the kitchen that he saw Jim, passed out on the floor in a pool of his own blood.
John followed, closing the door behind him. “You’ll thank me later, honestly. Most of these Victorian medicines should be avoided. Trust me, I’m a doctor.” He eyed the bloody scrape on Jim’s knuckles from where he’d punched the wall. “I’ll disinfect that for you.”
“Well! Come back at the end of the day with a job contract from at least one of you, and then perhaps we’ll talk about letting the flat.”
John sighed against him, slowly stepping backwards to sit back onto the bed, taking Sherlock with him, never letting his lips stray far from his. He rested a hand at the side of Sherlock's neck and took two fingers to slide down Sherlock's back, vertebrae by vertebrae.
Sherlock bent down to kiss him, biting down on his lower lip and dragging it out. John closed his eyes at the feel of Sherlock’s teeth and lips on his, trying fruitlessly to buck up against him.
John tried, he did. He clenched his wrists above his head, trying best not to move, but now Sherlock’s lips were trailing down his chest, his tongue flicking at his nipples, and his hands were slowly peeling off John’s pants, freeing his erection.
He wavered unsteadily on his knees, still gripping John, then slowly pulled out of him. John collapsed onto his stomach, catching his breath. He rolled over, wincing a bit. “Oh my God…”
John swallowed. If he pretended that he like Jim enough to share a bed with him, Jim might be well pleased. The best friend his former rival, utterly devoted to him. That had to be an attractive offer. As much as it sickened John to think about it, it was the clearest way to Sherlock that he could see so far.
John sighed into his mouth, pulling Sherlock closer by his hips, but they both pulled away when a churning engine noise began, growing louder and louder. It sounded like it was coming from directly downstairs.
“Unlock your door. John and I are coming over,” he said, then hung up. He grabbed John’s hand and they headed out of the hospital and down the street. Molly’s flat was only a few streets away, and when they let themselves into her flat, Molly was standing tiredly in a robe and slippers, looking concerned.
When Jim came home, he looked bored. He set his hat on the hat stand, then pulled off his coat, blood spattering his shirt. He turned to John, an eyebrow raised as he plucked off his gloves. “Didn’t expect to see
After some more questions and mutterings about the entire procedure being “most irregular,” the interviewer finally agreed to test John’s skills, provided he came up with new licensure papers in reasonable time.
John grabbed his arm to stop him, yanking him back towards him and then shoved him until his back hit the wall. “Get this through your thick, delusional skull, you knob.
As the weeks went by, John got fewer and fewer assignments, which meant he could visit Hamish more often, but the lack of jobs threw Moriarty into a rage of further boredom, which he dealt with by taking copious amounts of laudanum and sitting on the couch, growing increasingly frustrated and unkempt.
that you took Hamish?” John lolled his head over to look at Moriarty. He felt sluggish and stupid as he watched Jim return to his spot on the sofa and look over at John hungrily.
Sherlock began muttering to himself at breakneck speed, touching everything he saw. “Kaluza-Klein Theory? String theory…? It must be a holograph, or a—a—black hole of thermodynamics—“ He grabbed the Doctor. “What is this? How is this possible? We’re inside a bloody
“I didn’t know—“ Sherlock kissed John again, dragging him towards the bedroom. “And then—you pulled away—I thought you didn’t—
“Hello, Mr. Holmes! I got your number off the website, and thought you could help me. These statues appeared in my house—I didn’t have them ordered or delivered, they were just—there. I asked around and nobody knows where they came from. Nobody saw anyone deliver them. And the thing is, they’re quite big. Two big stone angels in my living room...they give me the creeps, actually. Sorry, my name’s Charlotte, Charlotte Hayle. If you can help, please call back.” She gave her address, some Brixton apartment complex called Barrington Arms, and her phone number before the message ended.
Jack leaned in and looked around the mostly-deserted café. "Do you know what happens when a human absorbs Huon energy from the heart of the TARDIS?" He took in their blank looks. " Of course you don't, from what you've said, you don't even know what the TARDIS is yet. Long story short, I died and I was brought back to life and now I can't die. I can't. I mean, I've been killed a bunch of times and I'll come right back." He smiled sadly. "I'll outlive the Doctor. And he's seen a lot of years."
Sherlock’s nostrils flared and John’s fists clenched and they walked on in silence past merry bands of pedestrians, joggers, dogs, and families.
John groaned at the touch and cried out, finding it felt good to yell out, to give some sort of release to his anguish and rage—and an unwelcome twinge of pleasure as well.
Hamish seemed engrossed, however, by the thick file documenting tobacco ash and mud compositions and charts comparing liquid viscosity.
The Doctor rubbed his hands together, his smile returning. “You two will be fine. You and Victorian London will get on brilliantly. Doctor Watson, bowler hats suit you. And London never changes, not really—even back when it was Londinium the cab fees were outrageous and the people on the east end had strange haircuts.” He looked at his watch. “Ooh, got to run, I really really have to. I might have left Marilyn at the alter…again.”
John brought Sherlock a toasted sandwich, the pinnacle of his cooking abilities, and brushed his hand against Sherlock’s as he gave him the plate. “Eat something, or you
Sherlock didn’t have to consider this deeply to know that he wouldn’t leave a puzzling case, no matter how irrelevant it was to the larger society.
John grinned. “Sexiness? So all this time when you’ve been calling me vertically challenged, it was really code for ‘get on me, you sexy army doctor’? How did I miss
Sherlock pulled off his coat and looked at the sofa. “That unfolds into a bed. We should both be able to fit, John.
John stopped, letting people brush past him. He immediately thought of Sherlock and Hamish, then spun to face the man, teeth clenched. “
out that someone went and killed Burke! Does that sound at all familiar to you, John?” He stood, keeping the gun trained at John's head.
Jim giggled and stepped backwards toward the door. “No, you won’t. John, Hamish, and I won’t be seeing you ever again. Isn’t sharing fun? I should’ve thought this up
“Mm. Children are remarkably resilient, based on my observations,” Sherlock said, sinking into his chair.
John turned bright red, then hastily changed the subject. “You said you don’t have a mum and dad. Are you an orphan?”
John was on the edge of an orgasm, writhing in his kneeling position and struggling against his handcuffs. God, if he came in his trousers, he would die of shame.
“Maybe I will, John,” Jim said, clicking the cylinder back in place, removing the safety and stroking the barrel against John’s jaw, then pressed it against his cheek.
” He sat opposite John, crossing his legs and throwing an arm over the back of the sofa. “A nice, strong army man, such as yourself. But with your beloved boy’s life on the line, it wouldn’t be to your advantage, would it?” He raised an eyebrow, waiting for John’s reply.
“I’ll miss the blog. And the comment section,” John offered up. “And your ambiguous texts telling me to fetch your harpoon or Google something or other. Good curry.”
Jim grabbed John’s tie and swung him back around to press him against the wall and licked John’s chin. “For now.” Then, as if nothing had happened, Jim dropped back into his chair and continued to write.
He had grown increasingly on edge, as had John. They tried to carry on life as usual at the flat, but both were rattled by the slightest noises or shadows.
Sherlocl’s mouth twitched into a smile. If ever there was day for a drink, this is was it. He had been converted from an utter critic of aliens and time travel into a full-fledged believer.
“No, of course we want you to come if that’s what you want. But it’s going to be hard. We don’t know anything about parenting, and we won’t be able to tell people we’re your parents in 1895,” John explained.
Hamish bounced up and down. “Wrong! You’re wrong! It was Colonel Mustard in the kitchen with the candlestick!”
“I’m sorry,” John sputtered out. “I wasn’t trying to cause trouble. I just had some questions and was directed to talk to him. Why—why shouldn’t I be talking to him?”
“We should go, then,” John said. Once they were out the door, he turned to Hamish. “All right, what did Sherlock tell you to snitch?”
John, still upset, tried to struggle away from him, his face flushed, his voice a bit softer now. “You still haven’t answered me. Kissing me doesn’t just fix the fact that you’ve been utterly ridiculous lately.”
Jim finally pulled back and both men breathed hard, regaining their breath. He looked down at John’s lips for a moment before turning his dark gaze back to his eyes. “Upstairs.
Sherlock rushed in to examine the large stone angel, its wings folded and its head buried in its hands, as if it were weeping. He touched it hesitantly. It was stone, absolutely. The entirety of it was stone. How could a stone
Jim’s eyes groggily slid open, then narrowed at John, whose face is only a few inches away from him. “…What.”
As he hung up, he paced over to the window, looking out at the rainy street, and his heart gave a terrified lurch.
“Oh—erm—“ The doctor looked at John with some shock and embarrassment. She muttered, “Just wanted to know who was in here,” the hurried off.
John moaned and twitched, then whimpered in torment as Sherlock ran his tongue along the length of John’s cock.
Sherlock clenched his jaw, then rose. “Goodbye, Jack.” He turned his coat collar up and headed back to the flat. He and John would have to go back to Baker Street tomorrow and come up with a new plan, since their time-traveling intergalactic acquaintances were being no help at all.
“Sherlock, be honest,” John said after a moment, crossing to stand in front of Sherlock, who was now beginning to play out a slow, sad melody. “The whole angels thing…you don’t really buy, it do you?”
The Doctor smiled and snapped his fingers, and the door of the TARDIS swung open on its own. He leaned with it and half-fell inside. “Come on, then.”
“1895…” Sherlock repeated, reflectively looking at the color of his ale as he held the glass up to the light. “God, John, we were
“Yes, that’s right, struggle,” Jim laughed, bucking against him, then dug a fingernail into one of John’s fresh wounds, just above his bicep. John let out a wounded cry. “Cooperating quietly is such a yawn.” He licked John’s blood from his finger. “Yum.”
“I’m aware of the risks, John. At the very least tell her that there’s someone else. Make it clear that there is no way you and she can ever work. I don’t—“ Sherlock gritted his teeth, not wanting to admit the truth, but finally said quietly, “I don’t want to compete for you.”
John settled for gently nudging Jim’s shoulder, deciding it was a safer bet than groping under the sheets near his crotch. “Erm…Jim?”
“You saved the universe, Sherlock. I hope that doesn’t inflate your head too much.” The Doctor tousled Hamish’s hair.
The Doctor led Sherlock and Hamish through the console room and down an oddly-shaped corridor, then another, and another. Sherlock lost count of the rooms they passed and the number of turns, some off them not left and right but up and down, their center of gravity switching to the point where Sherlock felt dizzily disorientated.
follow, because if I disclose any more it could...rip a hole in the pocket and then, well, what happens with a pocket hole? All the loose coins and keys and bits of string and whatever it is you put in your pockets falls out. Bear with me!” He said, raising a hand as Sherlock opened his mouth to speak.
you haven’t fooled yourself into thinking there is nothing going between you two. A blind man could see it.” He paused for a moment. “I understand, though. There are certain rules and taboos in this century. You and Mary could go out and be seen together. In fact, as a man of your career standing, it would be frowned upon if you
“If you still want me on the cases with you, I’m more than game. I just can’t—“ John couldn’t torment himself anymore. He had to move on, to try and find someone else he could latch his affections onto. He realized now that he’d been doing that very thing during his entire residency at Baker Street, as evidenced by his string of failed relationships and bitter ex-girlfriends. “I can’t be what you want me to be, and you can never be what I—“ John stopped himself and finished, matter of factly, “I’ll let you know when I find a place.
“Hamish, you must understand that once we go back to 1895, we shall be living there permanently. We’re not like the Doctor. We can’t travel around to whenever we want. Life is going to be very different back then. It’ll be more dangerous in a lot of ways, life will be harder and more frustrating.”
When they opened their eyes, they were still in a cellar, the same shape as the one they were in a second ago, but the floor was dirt and there were crates stacked in the corners. Herbs hung from the beams above their heads. From the tiny high window, the clatter of horse hooves sounded. The angels were gone.
“Okay. We need to get out of this flat. We’re both jumpy and irritated, and a bit of fresh air will do us good.”
“We could tell them and still try to avoid the angels. Who knows? I could have a ‘miraculous recovery,’” he snorted. “So, then. Aneurysm would be easiest. They can go off at any time, but they don’t have an expiration date.”
Sherlock grinned a bit, recognizing the narrowed-eyed, calculating look the boy was giving them now. Obviously he had put together a few observations. Clever lad. John blushed furiously, turning to the nearest glass case to check his reflection. What had given him away?
“I find that plan completely acceptable.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around him, letting his hands slide down his lower back.
Sherlock pulled out jumper after jumper from the boxes. “I think 58% of your luggage is dominated by jumpers,” he noted, stopping to breathe one in before he tossed it on the bed with the others. “You can tell a lot about a person by cataloguing the contents of their wardrobe.”
“John never did admit to you that humiliation is one of his greatest turn-ons, did he?” Magnussen said, bending over toward John and splaying his nimble, sweaty fingers over John’s hair. “Then again, why would he? He never told his wife…”
John impatiently grabbed the mug. He didn’t feel as if they’d resolved the conversation quite in the way he wanted, but he had gotten his point across, at the very least. John slid the mug across the counter to Sherlock a bit too vigorously. Sherlock fumbled to catch it a second too late and it tipped and spilled down his shirt.
“Yes! Exactly! The angels feed off your energy and send you back into the past so you can live yourself to death. Inconvenient, of course, to start all over, but with you two together…well you’ll get by. I
“In bed. There’s only one, so you and I will have to take the floor tonight.” He glanced at the thin sheets and the dying fire in their grate. “We’re going to be a bit cold, I’m afraid, unless you want to slip under the rug,” John said, laughing a little ruefully.
John blinked rapidly, his heart hammering. Sherlock didn’t care about him like this. Why was he tormenting him? “That’s not a fair question…either way I answer, it looks…bad.” He licked his lips, equally wanting and dreading for Sherlock to continue moving closer.
the case, then, in theory, we would’ve already been sent back in time and the museum would be here. The books would be here, but they aren’t.”
One day, John came home from a rough job to hear Moriarty yelling at Jane in the kitchen. For a panicked moment he thought that Jim had found out that she’d agreed to help John, but when Moriarty came out, John could see he was just in one of his bored rages and braced himself.
century, I had assumed you and Dr. Watson both would be out of place, clearly not for that time. That was not the case.”
“Eleven. And there’s one more thing: when I saw him last week, he’d just stepped out of this blue police box: the old-fashioned kind that you don’t see any more…I don’t know if that’s useful at all…”
This was his one chance. He had to try. John surprised himself by walking over to grab her shoulders and saying urgently, “Jane. Are you married? Do you have any children?”
A man showed him to a room where Mycroft was waiting and they could talk freely. “What has he done now?” Mycroft asked, motioning for John to sit down.
“I’ll eat in the kitchen, sir,” Mary said, grabbing her plate. “It was wrong of me to sit here in the first place.”
“It’s the Doctor, of course,” Sherlock seethed. He hated that he couldn’t get in contact with the Doctor when he needed him. It was utterly irresponsible not to let them know that they had a precocious cocktail of their DNA material wandering around London. Unless the Doctor who visited
“Don’t mistake intelligence for cheekiness, John,” Sherlock said aloud. “It would seem we’ve got a proper genius on our hands. I imagine you’re top of the class.”
“I followed him out of the gambling house, tracked his route, found a high-up secluded location and fired. Clean shot through the head. Left before they could determine where the shot had come from.”
John walked around the console, keeping his hands away from the levers and buttons, but gawping at it all. “This is…really happening.” He pinched his own arm and giggled nervously.
Sherlock moved closer, then, running a hand up John’s back, asked breathily, “Don’t they usually use—lube for this kind of thing?”
Mycroft nodded, mulling this over. “I-I, um…” he heaved a sigh and rolled his eyes. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I know I was never the most. Well, I’ve always tried to look out for you, even if—hm.” He gave up on his floundering sentence, closing it with a tight smile.
Sherlock looked up at him calmly, feigning ignorance. “I assure you I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Sherlock! Another one—“ John managed, as if Sherlock hadn’t been able to tell from the way he’d jumped back.
“Mm, I know what you mean. It’s clear that he’s intelligent, but if he’s an alien life form with the technology to travel through space and time at such speeds, than that’s only natural. As for seeming
“Hm. Raising up a child in a different century. Could be dangerous.” Sherlock’s eyes flicked sideways to John’s, and John couldn’t help but smile.
?” He wound back and punched Jim as hard as he could in the chest, knocking Jim backwards into the wall.
Sherlock was unable to fall asleep. He watched John slip into unconsciousness and waited for his breathing to grow deep and even, then slipped from the bed and went outside to dial Jack Harkness. If the Doctor couldn’t help them, perhaps Jack could.
"That's what Elton meant when he wrote on his website that the Doctor could 'change his face,'" Sherlock murmured, lacing his fingers. "Fascinating."
John knew exactly where he’d go. He had enough money to take a carriage to Hamish’s school and visit.
It was easier for John to cope if he gave Moriarty a title besides “tormentor” or “arch enemy.” Jim bought John a wardrobe of fine clothes and saw that he was fed nourishing meals to keep him healthy. John had tried a brief stint of starvation, but that was quickly extinguished with the usual threats. Now John cleaned his plate and was doing push-ups every morning, his old military routine. It was easier to think of himself as a soldier again, not asking too many questions, not letting morals creep into his head.
?” He corrected, then unhooked the scarf from his shoulders and leaned forward to give John a slow kiss, teasing John’s mouth open with his tongue.
John smiled. “The dropped platter.” He paused and looked at the floor. “I understand why you didn’t respond. I probably would have done the same. But I meant it, what I said to Moriarty. When I thought you and Hamish were both dead—I couldn’t do it anymore. I wanted to be dead too.”
John wondered as he felt the waves of pleasure hitting him. Why was Jim giving him pleasure while punishing him? His thoughts and his groans were cut off as Jim gave another yank to the rope around his neck.
The front door opened and slammed. “Hamish is home,” Craig said, leaning off the door frame. They followed him down the hallway to the living room, where Hamish was flinging down his book bag and holding a bag of ice to the back of his head.
"Time vortex manipulator." Jack held up his arm and pushed up his coat sleeve to show off the device. "I was in 1995 taking care of a few...obstacles, but nothing I couldn't rearrange for you two gentlemen." He winked at John, much to John's alarm and confusion. The man was, in John's opinion, a bit too charming to be trustworthy. "How did you hear about me, and what can I do for you?"
John was healing slowly. He stopped doing push-ups every day. He stopped carrying a pistol in his coat. He explained to Hamish why he had to lie to him, and though it was difficult, John explained to Sherlock how he had gained Moriarty's trust.
When Mary answered the knock at the door and looked up at the man grinning at her, she new exactly who it was. He matched Sherlock’s description perfectly, and she remembered Sherlock’s warnings all too vividly. She gripped the doorframe tightly to steady herself. “May—may I help you?” She was so frightened that she forgot to curtsey, and hastily tacked on, “…Sir?”
don’t call them that,” Hamish said. “And Wilfred came to visit me over my birthday last year. Although I don’t know if it’s my actual birthday or not.” He frowned at his sloppily folded jumper and shook it out to start over. “Do
Sherlock stood silently, fingers steepled and pressed against his lips. He took a deep breath and cast a steely look at the Doctor. “All right. This isn’t…logical or probable, but here it is. So…so what?”
The next morning, Jim rolled away from John in his sleep and woke up slowly, drowsily looking over at John, who had also just woken. Jim pushed himself to a sitting position, arching and cracking his back.
The organization's webpage was an obnoxious, low-budget website, with unbearable gifs and a silly acronym-"London Investigation 'N Detective Agency"—but there were dozens of images of the blue police box, not only from photographs, but from paintings, stretching back throughout history.
When he got no answer from them, Mr. Doyle stepped up to them. “You expect me to let the flat above mine to two ruffians who barge into my home without asking? And who does this waif belong to?” He looked down at Hamish, who stared up at him, wide-eyed.
Time can be rewritten, Mr. Holmes--can I call you Sherlock? Brilliant name, Sherlock. Time can be rewritten, but people don’t just stop existing one century and start existing in another…”
Sherlock kept Hamish from moving any closer to Jim. He locked his eyes with Moriarty, who had a small smile on his lips, clearly enjoying every moment of catching Sherlock and John so off guard.
“It’s not a think like what I do,” Sherlock muttered. “As you’ll quickly learn if you delve into detective work.” He glanced at the time on his phone. “It’s nearly nine. Isn’t that a normal bedtime for a nine year old?”
John closed his eyes, sick of Jim’s games, and nodded, giving up, almost wishing for the bullet when a shot rang out. He jumped and kept his eyes squeezed closed. He didn’t feel any pain, and when he finally realized that he hadn’t been shot at all, he opened his eyes.
“I hardly think it matters either way,” Sherlock muttered, then stepped inside a hallway lined with dark wood. To the left was a heavy oak door, opened to reveal a library with shelves that stretched to the ceiling. The wood floors were covered in Persian rugs, and Mycroft sat in a maroon leather armchair, a book balanced in one hand and a glass of scotch in the other.
Sherlock frowned. With his calculations, and all of the things that they needed to go from having nothing to their name to a decent sort of life, they would have to stretch their money for quite a while. He’d considered the discomforts of living in a different time period, but he hadn’t thought about the inconvenience of being poor. He’d never suffered from lack of money, not seriously, anyway. He shifted uncomfortably on the floor, missing his bed, his wardrobe, his violin, and his ability to withdraw necessary bank notes from the corner Barclays whenever he needed it.
the Doctor, though. I mean, LINDA tried the whole detective thing, but I ran into the Doctor by pure chance. Maybe the same will happen to you."
“Jim, please…” John breathed, but he didn’t know whether he was begging Jim to let him go or to keep going. It was like being trapped in a violent maelstrom.
John blinked at him, confused, then rose to his feet a bit unsteadily. “Cute. Really cute. You should’ve stayed dead, Moriarty, quit while you were ahead, because this is just pathetic.” He moved toward Jim, ready to seize him up and choke the life out of him, to break every bone in his neck and be rid of him forever.
John couldn’t even meet Sherlock’s eyes now, and after a moment’s hesistation he awkwardly lowered himself to his knees on the pavement, feeling like a complete fool.
"I have a bit more experience than the 'London Investigation 'N Detective Agency.'" Sherlock said the name with derision.
They hailed a cab to Westminster, getting out at Trafalgar Square, and walked amidst the tourists to the Thames, silent the whole way. John watched the double-decker busses and police cars and cabs and felt a pang. He missed everything already.
"Right…" John rubbed his forehead. "Maybe there are…spots he likes to frequent? Places he's turned up in over and over again?"
Jim used his free hand to shove one of John’s legs farther up, angling himself so he could hit John’s prostate every time, overwhelming him with pleasure. John was riding toward one of the most intense orgasms of his life.
of that...astonish you? I was floored! Even if I never see the Doctor again, I will remember him as fantastic. My life can’t be the same again…I’ve
The Doctor held up a badge that looked very much blank to John and Sherlock. “Fireplace inspectors, mind if we come in?” He pushed his way in despite the woman’s protests. “City mandated, won’t be a moment!”
“Ohh, there are some things humans aren’t ready for. Spoilers, to quote a friend of mine.” The Doctor smiled and stood up, and Sherlock rose to join him, forcing himself to be satisfied with this non-answer. The three began walking back towards the console room.
“That’s exactly what I expect. I’ve got people watching you, Sherlock. I’ve told them to keep an eye on you and if you start getting too curious, or looking too hard, you’ll be killed.”
“I heard you were up and I brought some freshly baked croissants.” She entered carrying the plate of pastries just as Hamish slipped into Sherlock’s bedroom. “How’s your head, Sherlock?”
Sherlock grabbed onto John’s shirt and pulled him into the bedroom, kissing him the whole way, refusing to let him go. Once inside, John pulled Sherlock down onto the bed, clawing at his back. Sherlock didn’t waste a moment in grinding his hips against his, then began unbuttoning John’s shirt.
The thought of saying goodbye to everything and everyone he knew was too much, and seeing Sherlock sitting calmly in his chair only set him on edge all the more. “You can sit here and—calculate all you want. Honestly, someone should do a Turing test on you,” John muttered, going to grab his laptop and engrossing himself in a shallow blog to get his mind off things.
Jim, pleased with John’s speedy response, gave John a few more jerks, then gripped John’s hips. He bent down and ran his tongue from between John’s shoulder blades, up along his neck to his ear. “
“Of course not,” Sherlock lied. He couldn’t be sure. “On my count, blink.” His voice held only a slight tremor as he counted. “One…two…three…”
Sherlock polished off his sandwich and laced his fingers together. “Keep together…and blink—what sort of instructions are those?” He frowned.
John was whispering now. He knew he was blantantly staring at Sherlock’s mouth, but he couldn’t pull his eyes away. “Sherlock, we can’t, we’re not actually going to—“
“And how do you know that this reality is wrong and yours is right? Who are you to say which ‘universe’ is correct?” Sherlock asked.
John pulled up his laptop and absently searched The Doctor's name. After numerous scrolls of medical websites, he stopped.
Sherlock’s lips collided with his, at first clumsily, but once they had a firm hold on each other, their lips slid into place and John felt a jolt of electricity course through him. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back, wanting him even closer.
“Jane, do you have a mop I could use?” John asked, glancing at the small smear of blood that had leaked through the rug onto the kitchen floor.
"That man was supposedly in 1995 this morning. That man is supposedly immportal. That man has a massive crush on you. Sherlock, when did our lives go from moderately crazy to downright loopy?"
“Mmm. You can see why I never bother dressing unless I have to,” Sherlock mumbled, rolling off the bed. He yanked on his pants and trousers, then tossed John’s things to him. “Decency laws—entirely stupid,” he sighed, falling onto the bed again once he had his shirt and suit back on.
Sherlock could see it, and that was the worst thing. John clearly wanted this on some level, but on another level John’s hatred for Magnussen was burning just as strongly much as Sherlock’s was.
"Mm, some might say so," Jack said, buttoning his coat. "If I get some word of him being in your time, I'll give you a call. Maybe I'll call you sooner than that." He grinned at Sherlock again, much to John's irritation.
“Thought as much.” Jim leaned forward to take up one of the hookah’s long pipes and inhaled, holding the smoke in for a moment before blowing it John’s way. He muttered, more to himself, it seemed, “So predictable. Consistant. Take a family member, get a result.”
“Thank you, boss. You know I would do just about anything for you…right, Jim?” John hoped he wasn’t pushing things too far.
“And so modest,” John grinned, rolling his eyes and stood, grabbing the sandwich plate.                   Sherlock unfastened his violin case. He hadn’t played all month, other than some halfhearted sawing for a couple minutes at a time. “Being humble doesn’t suit me. Why would I have any desire to parade around acting like a moron, when I’m clearly not?”
Mary laughed and pushed Hamish’s curls from his eyes. “No worms tonight, love. I’m making your favorite. Steak and kidney pie.”
a little chat.” Jim threw John forward onto the bed, using his neck for leverage. John scrambled to turn over, scooting away from the enraged man.
John looked at the mantel, where a mug of congealing cold tea was sitting, next to a large jar of rat poison. Maybe he should just move out. He could only vaguely remember the days where things were sane. Sane and boring, a small voice in John’s head reminded him. He shoved the thought away angrily. “Well, now the dog’s dead and Ruby’s refusing to talk to me. Eleven. I think this is eleven women that have sent me packing, due in some way to you.”
John sent it off as soon as he could, then eagerly awaited the next one. The postal service was excruciatingly slow, but soon he and Sherlock had a steady correspondence.
possibly Hamish, although I’d really rather prefer to keep him around…you know…” He frowned up at Sherlock mockingly. “…Teach him some tricks of the trade, raise him as my own. I might have to change his name, though. The name
Sherlock nodded stiffly and attempted a smile that felt more like a grimace. “Right. Severed heads in the fridge and gunshots in the wall; I suppose I’m surprised you stayed as long as you did.”
“Oh, God, that’s right, we’re back to Imperial system,” John groaned. “I think I had to learn about that in primary school. What is it, 21 shillings to a guinea?”
Mary knocked forcefully on Sherlock's door. It was, as it had often been for the past few months, locked. “Mr. Holmes? SHERLOCK! Open up!”
When they returned to the living room, Sherlock turned to him. “No time for real paperwork, but Craig’s worried that if Hamish just up and disappears, child protection might take Alfie.”
John’s face was a heap of embers. He reluctantly opened his mouth, then let out a startled noise as Sherlock’s scarf was forced between his teeth and tied tightly behind him, gagging him.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed in excitement and he cocked an eyebrow at John, a smile spreading on his face. “Care to accompany me, Doctor Watson? It could be dangerous.”
“You’re insane,” John gasped as Jim collapsed next to him. He was quivering all over. That had been one of the most terrifying experiences of John’s life, but he’d had the most mind-blowing orgasm along with it. It disturbed him to think that Jim had given it to him,
“No! Do what you want. Forget it.” John buried his face in the newspaper again, flustered. The sight of his flatmate shirtless shouldn’t bother him. And it wasn’t that that bothered him. It was the fact that John couldn’t help but glance up every now and then and notice and admire the lines of Sherlock’s torso, the curve of bone at his hips, the small of his back, how pale he was—there was nothing wrong with noticing, John told himself.
That made Sherlock laugh. “Such a good soldier.” John quickly unbuckled his belt, tilting his hips up as he yanked it from his belt loops, then draped it around the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling on the ends to bring him back into a kiss.
John closed his eyes and tilted his head as Sherlock moved his lips down his neck. He couldn’t believe this was really happening, that Sherlock was here in his arms.
Hamish ran to Sherlock’s bedroom, where the sheets were still tangled from the previous night’s activities. “Wow, this room is messy! Where am I going to sleep?”
Sherlock watched him with pure and utter loathing as the tidy man slipped his fine silk tie from his shirt collar and tied it around John’s head, blindfolding him. He wanted nothing more than to punch this man in the face, over and over and over again. He dug his nails into his palms and bit his tongue.
John had given up and hung up eventually, but he felt better knowing that he’d at least talked to her.
John bit down a laugh as Sherlock glared at the boy. “It’s all right, Hamish, your dad’s just a sore loser,” John said, leaning in to whisper, “I beat him every time and he can’t stand it.”
?” Sherock opened his mouth to repeat the question, but John hurriedly said, “No, no…don’t.” He forced a laugh. “No! No. What…why do you…uhh…” John clenched his eyes shut for a moment, then looked at the carpet. “What made you think that?”
That slowly began to change, however. As John worked any shift he could take at the hospital, Sherlock enrolled Hamish in school and spent his days helping with petty crimes that gave the police moderate trouble. They were crimes so petty that he wouldn’t have bothered with them in his old life, but he had to build a reputation somehow. It helped somewhat. Some police began accepting Sherlock when he popped round to Scotland Yard to offer advice, since they were quickly catching on that he was always right.
The two disappeared into the kitchen, and John approached Sherlock and murmured, “Do you think she saw us?”
John blinked in disbelief as he listened. There was real fear in this woman’s voice. She didn’t sound like a mad person in the least. “Angels,” was all he managed to say before the phone rang in John’s hand. He looked at the number. Lestrade.
“Now hold on!” he snapped. “This is utter rubbish. The Doctor came to us for the first time a month ago and more or less directed us to get out of this century as quick as we could. Why would he bother to drop our son off if he wanted us to leave?”
John’s mind flickered to Jane, the housekeeper. He jumped from the chair and went to the kitchen, where she was busy chopping vegetables.
He flopped back down and closed his eyes, resting his hands underneath his chin and listened, waiting intently for the sound of her retreating footsteps and the flat door closing, so that he could drift back into his hazy bubble and have a bit of peace.
Everything John had noticed with fleeting glances about Sherlock seemed magnified now; the tendons at his neck, leading down to the dip of his collarbone, his nearly iridescent pale skin, his piercing eyes, which were now locked with John’s.
Sherlock stared back, blinking deliberately, as if not trusting his eyes that John was really there.
As John suspected, one of the men—he was fairly sure it was Burke—had been assigned to keep an eye on John to make sure he didn't venture towards Baker Street. Then men stayed at an inn in Bloomsbury, and without too much difficulty, John split from the others for his assignment. Knowing Burke had tabs on him, John had lunch at the Cross and Key and scribbled a note, then found a boy to deliver it, giving him a generous tip.
“Never one for speeches,” Sherlock snorted, relieved that the teary moment had passed. He looked over his brother a final time. “Goodbye, Mycroft.”
John nodded sorrowfully. “I was sure you’d died. I don’t know how much of that conversation you heard—back with Moriarty, when he had the gun pointed at me.”
Jim pushed Sherlock off, brushing off his suit and straightening his tie. “Easy there—hand tailored. Bet you weren’t expecting this, were you?” He smiled down at Hamish and tousled his hair. “A
“Hm. Clearly.” Sherlock dipped his head to kiss him, savoring the feel and taste of John’s lips, both of which were entirely unique sensations that he found himself growing increasingly addicted to.
“What happens in the morning when everyone’s out on the streets again? Then it won’t be able to move at all, and we can, I dunno, smash it or something.” John’s eyes watered as he continued to stare down at it, wide-eyed. The morning was ages away.
Sherlock gave a brief twitch of a smile. He was, in some dark way, glad to see the consulting criminal again as well.
anything anyway. What were you trying to figure out, I wonder?” Now his laugh was cruel, and he yanked again on the rope to stop John's muffled whimper. “You aren't trying to take me down, are you? Tsk tsk tsk...that would be
Hamish looked at Craig for permission, who nodded, then marched off to his bedroom, still holding the ice to his head.
“No need to wait until morning,” Sherlock said. “One of us will stay here and watch, the other can go down and try to dismantle it.” He strode over to the fireplace and grabbed a fire poker. It was hardly ideal, but it was a start. He stepped over to stare at it, giving John time to blink. “Ready for another go? I’ll head down. We can switch off.”
John tormented him for a bit, trailing his tongue lightly up and down the veins and moving his hand up to fondle his balls, giving them a quick squeeze.
“Do you really think this is a good idea, Sherlock?” John whispered as they followed Lestrade up the stairs to the apartment.
" Sherlock stopped, shocked that he was turning up utter blanks on anything remotely logical. He began snorting into uncontrollable laughter. "I have
Sherlock thought about this silently as he held John. They both knew the answer to that question. Their future was beginning to feel more and more like an inevitable fate, and it was one that Sherlock didn’t feel ready for. He would never feel ready for 1895.
It wasn’t so hard to kill Burke after all. He stalked him while Burke was on assignment. One bullet; tidy, no witnesses. He had, he estimated, less than a day before Moriarty found out. Less than a day to kill him, then. As John walked home, wiping off and pocketing his gun, he coldly decided that he would kill Jim as soon as Jim got home from his meeting that evening.
The security guard took his hand. “Right. Your group’s waiting for you. Off we go—“ he started dragging Hamish away.
,” Jim continued. “Is it too much to ask for a decent Browning, for God’s sake? Or even just a piece of spearmint gum? How is that not a thing yet?”
.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and tried to push himself up, but decided it was too much work and settled for propping himself up on his elbows. “Don’t you have something better to do?”
“It’s not that…I just don’t like feeling…coddled. I was in the army, you know. I’m good at surviving.”
Hamish had already scurried upstairs to look at the spare bedroom and at the bedroom and privy downstairs. “There’s only one bed!” he announced when he came out of Sherlock’s room.
John drew his knees up to his chest, burying his head in his knees and rubbing the raw skin at his wrists, trying to take what had just happened and shoving it in some dark forgotten room of his brain. When that didn't do any good, he finally stood up and padded downstairs to write a fresh letter.
’s in here! And my phone is a pocket watch…and Harry isn’t Harriet, it’s a man. I…this version of me has a brother!” John ran his hands down his face. “This is too much.”
“Well, he’s got your nose. And your earlobes, and your gait…the way your feet turn out when you walk,” Sherlock countered. He thought this over. “It is highly improbable, John, but what if he really is our son?” He had never given the slightest thought to children. “I’m just glad he didn’t have to be raised by us.”
is what I like about you, John. You’re so…” He narrowed his eyes, theatrically pretending to think of the right word. “
John straightened and reached behind his back to touch the dampness in the middle of his back. “Dammit,” he murmured, then began unbuttoning his shirt as Jim walked over to him.
He could hear Sherlock sitting across from him, and he could smell the cumin and tea quite strongly now. “I hope you’re not going to drink that,” John said from behind the paper.
“Don’t bother looking for them, Lestrade! Destroy the angels!” Sherlock called before he and John were out the door.
John laughed and straightened the hat on the statue. They did indeed look a lot less menacing now, and John’s heart lifted at the encouraging thought that they’d beaten these two stone angels. “So, is that it, then? We can tell people your aneurysm magically cleared up?”
He reached up and undid the belt nearest to him, letting John undo the other. John let his arms drop for a second, exhausted, then finally untied the scarf and cleaned off his stomach, tossing it to the floor. He rubbed his raw wrists and closed his eyes until he had regained his breath enough to say, “You—you did a number on me there…” He laughed tiredly, then examined one of his wrists, sucking on a very raw part where the buckle had rubbed against his skin.
Moriarty was facedown on the floor, a pool of blood forming around his chest and seeping into the carpet. “How—“ John faltered, his eyes wide with shock.
John stared at him. It had only been a month and a few days since he’d last seen him, but Sherlock looked so different, but even now John wanted him. Whatever John had prepared to say to him was lost, and he could only stare at him.
Jim tilted his head back, exposing his prominent Adam’s apple, which John licked and sucked at, then traced his tongue down to the hollow under Jim’s throat, his hands sliding under Jim’s shirt to caress his bare skin.
John shook his head. “No. But we we’re going to try and find out. We still don’t know how you were created, but you’re definitely ours. Did you know Hamish is my second name?”
Jim’s face was far too close now. John turned away, desperately racking his brain for some loophole, some way out. “Why do you want me? I’d fight you…every step of the way I’d fight you. You’d get tired of me and kill me anyway. You’d get…” John forced his eyes to stay open. “You’d get bored and go after Sherlock again.”
“All of it.” Sherlock gave John a sad smile. “I was in the kitchen with Jane. I fear I might have disturbed her.”
Mr. Doyle harrumphed. “So you thought you’d just barge in and make yourself at home? Inspecting the fireplace again, are we? Were you aware that I was attempting a very important séance when you violated my property?”
Sherlock laughed and clapped John on the shoulder, still shaky with nerves. “We’ll have to lessen the creepiness, then.” He grabbed his deerstalker from the mantel and one of John’s caps from the hat stand and flung them on the heads of each. “The deerstalker suits that angel much better than it does me.”
wither you when you do.” He held John’s gaze a moment longer, making sure the message sank in, then leaned his head down and placed a gentle kiss on John’s lips, lingering a moment, eyes closed; before pulling back to look at him again.
The man pushed in after him, catching his elbow. “Woah, there, doc! Yeh might not want to be running off
He was visibly shaken, Sherlock noted, an unusual characteristic for the stalwart doctor. He felt just as uneasy as he stared at the space where the TARDIS had been.
As soon as he arrived back at the townhouse—John still refused to think of it as “home”—he limped to his room and hurriedly tried to clean his battered hands and face before Hamish could see. The water in the ceramic washbasin was soon a rusty color from the blood of several different people.
John closed his eyes, weighing his options as he fought to keep his thoughts together. There were no good options. He opened his eyes, blinking back tears. “Will I—get to say goodbye?”
Molly slapped him spontaneously, then gasped, as surprised as Sherlock. “Sorry! But…but you can’t just shut me out like this. Now sit up!” Uncomfortable with the forced authority in her voice, she tacked on a more hesitant, “Please.”
“I’ll make this brief,” John said. Lying to Mycroft wouldn’t be easy in any scenario; lying to him about his brother’s future was all the more challenging. John had protested against doing it, but Sherlock had remained confident in his abilities. “You brother has a brain aneurysm. We don’t know if it’s fatal, but there’s a definite chance that it could…cause a severe blood clot and kill him…at any time.” John cleared his thought. “So. He wanted to you to know. You know, in case.”
“Now, if you could.” Sherlock gave him the date and time. “I know it’s late, but there’s a café across the road that’s open.”
Sherlock turned off his phone and leaned toward the cab driver. "Forget Baker Street. Austrian Embassy, please."
Mrs. Hudson looked between the three of them, then turned to the doorway and popped out, saying, “I’ll go down and fix you up some cakes.”
By now, John had learned the conditions and expectations of his position as bodyguard and assassin. He’d started calling Jim, with no suggestion from him, “sir.” When Moriarty asked him why, John said, “You’re my boss, aren’t you?”
Hope you're enjoying it! Since I already have this story typed up and am only making small adjustments as I go, I'm aiming to post a new chapter every day. If I stay on schedule, the fic should be complete by January 26! Hooray! Reviews are appreciated, as always :)
Hamish cocked his head, considering. “He doesn’t make enough money, or he’s cutting corners. His haircut’s uneven, so that means he cuts it himself—or has a bad barber. But if he does cut it himself, it means he lives alone. His shoes are polished but that’s to hide that they’re old. I could see how worn down the heel was even from here!” He sat back, satisfied. “Did I miss anything?”
century as home, since he would never see it again, and subconsciously pulled John closer, glad that he wasn’t alone. He studied John, whose eyes were now fixed off into some vague spot in the distance.
“I want to be a detective too—or a doctor. Wouldn’t it be great to cut people open and see what’s inside?” Hamish turned to John. “Do
“But you’re—you found—“ The Doctor took a step back, scratching his head, looking Hamish over. “How old are you, Hamish?”
Sherlock looked over at Hamish, realizing too late that his words had a cutting effect he didn’t intend. “That’s not what I meant, Hamish. You were a surprise to both of us, but you were…needed.” He frowned, but it was the exact word. “Sometimes…you get what you need before you realize it was what you wanted.”
“But what about the disappearances?” Lestrade called after them as they headed down the stairs. “Where did the people go?”
Sherlock exchanged a look with John that equal parts incredulous, shocked, and amused. "It's a magic trick, then…it must be."
John flinched at the touch. He blinked slowly. The damn smoke was infiltrating his brain, making it hard to think straight. “To lure Sherlock, so you two can play your games and…but then why didn’t you tell
The first thing to do, of course, was to investigate the web, but the last time he’d done that, Jim had found out. He would be more careful this time. He would, as much as it pained him, take it slow.
"I don't have that worked out yet. LINDA was working on theories…why do you want to know about him?"
John finally found his voice as well. “You’re—you’re really him. My God. What do you mean, 1895? How did you find us?”
John closed his eyes, his breathing falling short. When he opened his eyes, Jim was standing over him, and John felt weak and sick to his stomach. “Y-you’ve never managed to kill him before. Why should I believe you?” John looked up at him tiredly.
He deftly switched his grip so that one hand splayed over and pinned both of John’s wrists, allow the other to pin John’s neck to the bed, forcing his head away. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, amused. “
Sherlock’s phone rang. “Don’t answer that. You’re right, you need a break,” John said, crossing over to him. “You also need some nourishment. You look like one of those mistreated POWs. Let me fix you something.”
Tears were pouring from Hamish’s eyes as he searched John’s face. “Are you sure, Dad? How d’you know it’s not a trick? How d’you know he isn’t faking it, like last time?”
“I’m not that drunk! The point is…I would do anything to save you, Sherlock. If you died, Sherlock, died for
When Mary had cleared up after dinner, John pulled her aside in the hallway and explained quietly that the reason she and he couldn’t be together was because John was in love.
Jim glared down at where John’s hands were rumpling his suit, then raised an eyebrow, keeping his voice mild. “Why don’t you take a seat? I’d like to have a little chat first, honey.” His voice rose to a vicious growl. “
“Yes, that’s right, have a good laugh,” John said, although he couldn’t help smiling a bit himself, especially when Sherlock grabbed a bowler hat from a stand and set it on John’s head.
John gave Hamish a small, sympathetic smile, then pulled out the map he’d snagged at the entrance. “I am quite partial to Coptic art, however…aren’t you, Sherlock?”
A high, husky voice emitted from the other side of the door. "What? Now?! I'm a mess, they can't see me like this!"
After a silent ride, only punctuated by the occasional question about the case from Sherlock, they arrived at the crime scene and Sherlock stepped to look around it. It had been a grisly business, the deaths.
"I can see why you warned us to keep away, then," John said, rubbing his eyes to make sure he was seeing Ursula correctly.
“I’m Mary,” the maid said, meeting John’s eye. Sherlock looked over. She appeared to be roughly five years young than him, although it was evident she’d been a maid for all of her adult life. She had already been married, and quite recently, it would seem, as there was the faintest hint of a ring’s tan line on her left hand. A widow, then.
Sherlock set down his violin and tightened the hairs of his bow. “Choosing to utilize my intellectual prowess doesn’t make me a dick. I can’t help that the vast majority of people are idiots.”
John only had to thrust up once into Sherlock before he erupted into pleasure, yelling into the gag. Sherlock came simultaneously, shooting onto John’s stomach. Panting, he unsteadily lifted himself off John and rolled to the side, pulling the gag from John’s mouth as John lay limply, trying to regain his breath.
If you’re going to rely on logic for everything you’ll miss so much. I’ve been to London in this era before. You can buy Sherlock Holmes books in any bookstore. There’s a statue of you--in that hat—outside the Baker Street tube station.” He points to the deerstalker sitting on John’s chair. “221b Baker Street is an address everyone knows and flocks to. Except now all of that’s gone, so either I’m in the wrong universe- again- or time is being extraordinarily naughty.”
One evening, as he sat at the kitchen counter, measuring the toxicity of large quantities of nutmeg, some part of his brain suggested that he had, on some level, been curious as to what kissing John Watson would be like. He immediately tossed this off as ridiculous and, furious with himself, grabbed his things and headed to St. Bart’s to work without distractions.
When Sherlock’s mouth finally enveloped him, John might have come right then, if Sherlock’s hand hadn’t circled around his base to keep him away from orgasm. Sherlock continued for several minutes, tugging at balls every now and then, keeping John at the razor’s edge of an orgasm but never quite giving him enough to send him over the edge.
“Sorry about that,” he said bashfully, not meeting the doctor’s eye. He turned and jerked a head to the still bent and panting John, indicating him to get going.
Sherlock watched from the window as Jim got into a hansom cab and disappeared. Was John in the cab? He couldn’t bear the thought of John being so close but being unable to help him. And Hamish, too. It was too much.
“I never said it was fair, John,” the Doctor said, giving him a sad, old smile. He gripped John’s hand. “Goodbye, Doctor Watson. Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. I know you’ll both do what you need to do.”
"Time machine. Time travel's impossible, mathematically, they've practically proven it," Sherlock sputtered.
“The universe is ripping already,” the Doctor said. “You can see them, if you know how to look.” He pulled out a strange, pen-shaped device from his pocket and pointed it at the nearest wall. It made a whizzing noise as light-filled fractures, thin as hairs, appeared in the flat’s wallpaper, the skull on the wall, the window panes, the sofa.
“I will never insult your skills on a case,” John said, pulling out his laptop and setting it on his desk. “Only your skills at recognizing love.”
“What are you on about? Let me come with you. I can help, and it’s been ages since I’ve been able to go on a case,” John begged.
John rolled his eyes as he poured his tea. “Hamish, don’t inflate your father’s ego. It’s already big enough. You’ll be bored to tears, Hamish!”
“Ohh, the weeping angels. Those’ve been popping up more recently, a small pack of scavengers, nothing serious. Tricky creatures, but really amazing. They’re quantum-locked, which means they can’t move if they’re being observed, even by each other. Why? Have you seen one?” He leaned in curiously.
The older Holmes brother leaned back in the leather chair and crossed on leg over the other, steepling his fingers. His voice was soft when he asked, “You’ll inform me if…anything happens?”
On the verge of tears, Molly squeezed Sherlock’s shoulders. “If you need anything, call me. Please.”
Jim returned his lips to John's ear to whisper, “Surprise me.” John twitched a bit as Jim gently grabbed at him through his trousers and laughed softly in his ear, then swung John around so that Jim was leaning against the wall.
“I’d have to agree with you, Hamish.” He turned to John and raised an eyebrow, knowing full well why John had chosen the room. “Perhaps John can enlighten us on why he is so fond of this particular aesthetic.”
"I'd love to, but Torchwood is backed up right now. As Captain, I have more responisibilities than most. Now, if you two were immortal, we might be in business, because it could take a while."
“Lovely. The denial and passive aggressive behavior’s really charming. I’m going to sleep in Hamish’s room tonight, if that’s fine with you.” Hamish was off at school until the weekend, so the bedroom was free.
?” The Doctor looked like he’d just eaten something bitter. “See, this is absurd. You two aren’t supposed to be...
HOORAY IT'S COMPLETE!! Let me know what you thought! If you liked this, be sure to check out the sequel, Right Hand Man, which I'll start posting soon. Read it to find out what happens when Moriarty gets all up in 1895...
“Three bullets…that gives you a 50/50 chance,” Jim mused, fucking John harder now, cocking the gun. “If you would’ve killed him with one bullet, I would’ve only loaded it with one…tsk. Too bad for you.”
Sherlock was finding it hard to keep himself restrained as he looked down at the struggling, flustered doctor. His name sounded so good on those lips. He could keep John here forever, he thought as he trailed his fingers up and down John’s chest.
Jack grinned and pointed at John's face. "He's adorable when he's confused! I can see why you keep him around!" He leaned in confidentially once more. "Are you two together? If not…I know this great bar not far from here." He winked at Sherlock who frowned and leaned away.
It was obvious what Jim wanted. John yanked on his tie to pull Jim’s mouth to his, kissing him firmly, then lowered his hands to pull at the waistband of Jim’s trousers, bringing him closer. If he closed his eyes, maybe he could pretend he was Sherlock, if only for a moment.
“You really shouldn’t tell him this, his ego’s already too big for this flat. I’d rather not upsize,” John said.
“John-“ Sherlock murmured, wanting to say something, anything, that would make this situation better, but he was lost for words. He could only stare at Magnussen with pure, murderous loathing.
John swallowed and eyed the knife. “I guess I don’t snore, then.” He rolled out of bed, dropping to the floor to do his push-ups.
One morning, John came down the stairs to see Jim writing a letter furiously, blots of ink splashing onto the page. Without looking up at him he held out a piece of paper with his right hand, still scrawling at the paper with his left, and said, bored, “Kill this man. Keep it clean. Can’t have it leading back to me.”
She gave the statues and the two men another confused look before conceding and leaving for her downstairs flat. Sherlock could see out of the corner of his eye that John had his eyes on the statue as well. He reached out for John’s hand and took it in his, giving it a squeeze. It felt reassuringly solid and warm. John was still here. Even as he stared down the statue, Sherlock felt a wash of relief.
“There’s a good girl.” Jim smiled and handed her his hat, then ran his palms across his hair and set up the stairs. He didn’t bother to knock, simply pushing the door open to find Sherlock idly plucking the strings of his new violin, his slender back to the door. Sherlock didn’t turn around at the sound of the door opening. “Jim. Apologies for not putting the kettle on.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at her word choice, full well that Mary knew they were more than friends, but he didn’t press the subject. If Mary chose to share the information with anyone, it could ruin them.
Sherlock kissed the gunshot scar on John’s shoulder, fascinated by it, this piece of John that he had never been able to study before. “Why’d you pull away?”
John watched as Sherlock appeared in the darkened street. Sherlock raised the fire poker and brought it down on the angel’s face, hitting it over and over again, with increasing force and frustration. From what John could see, he hadn’t made a single crack or crumble.
He sighed and traced a hand down John’s arm. “Please—don’t leave again.” He was embarrassed to beg, but he couldn’t bear the thought of John leaving, not now.
like our lives…the physical description of you is perfect. How could this book, published before either of us was born, describe us so perfectly? Parallel universe or not…it’s giving me goosebumps.”
Sherlock watched John leave, annoyed, then immediately left the park and bought a pack of cigarettes. Watch John stop him.
“He’s fine; in the kitchen now,” Jim said. “I told him you were delivering an important message for me in Cork.” He cocked his head to the side, his mouth curling into a small smile. “Which, I suppose you
“Destroy the statues and your disappearances will stop,” Sherlock said again. He looked uneasily back at the statue before turning to John. “We should go.”
The question caught John off-guard, but luckily he couldn’t enunciate anything more than a muffled groan with a gun barrel tickling the back of his throat anyway.
John tried not to shiver as he stared into Jim's eyes, which had dilated even wider than usual, the pupils eating the irises and making them appear pure black. It was now or never. He would do it for Sherlock, John told himself. Anything to see Sherlock again.
Even Sherlock was dumbstruck. When he finally regained use of his voice, he held out his hands tentatively. "Uh—may I?"
To Sherlock’s horror, Jim stepped closer, leaned up and softly kissed him. Their lips only met for a moment before Sherlock shoved him away, wiping his mouth on his sleeve. “You’ll be seeing me soon, Jim,” he spat out.
“I’m thinking that this whole thing will take some getting used to. And I’m thinking that neither of us has a change of clothes.”
With that, he turned and trotted down the staircase. John and Sherlock heard the hum and whirr of the TARDIS as it disappeared, but neither of them bothered to go to the window to watch it vanish. They were both coming to terms with what was about to happen.
“Yeah, you really should have.” Bitterness crept into John’s voice as he stood up, folding up his newspaper. “I don’t know why you felt you had to—why’d you have to go complicate everything? I really did like Ruby, you know. I think she’s brilliant, but then you had to go and…forget it. Goodnight.”
John cupped his face, running a hand along his cheekbone and down to his jaw. “It’s a fantastic thing.” He moved in to kiss Sherlock more deeply. “Would it be all right if I…moved back in?”
“Well said,” the Doctor said with admiration, and Hamish looked up at his Dad with grateful eyes, leaning in on the upholstered sofa to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s middle.
Together they carried the man through the kitchen, Jim snatching a half-empty bottle of wine on the way out. They dumped the body in the back alley, making sure not to be seen. Jim propped him up against the wall, then opened the wine and poured some into the man’s mouth, not caring when it sloshed down the man’s front, then put the bottle in his hand. He stepped back to admire the setup for a moment, then turned to walk back in the house, satisfied.
“The universe will continue cracking and crumbling around you, and if you stay too long, you won’t be able to go back if you wanted to. Just being here now is making me uncomfortable. We’re on the brink of nonexistence. The next time the angels come, don’t try to stop them.”
“And a consulting detective killer, too. Although I hope never in the literal sense,” Sherlock said, giving John a light kiss before disentangling himself and standing up.
Mycroft gave a choked, wet laugh. He was holding back tears as well. “And how’d that work out for you?”
John pushed open the bedroom door with dread, preparing for the worst, but he still jumped back in horror at the angel that stared right back at him. Gone was the placid, blank-eyed face that looked like any other stone angel. Its face was contorted into a frozen snarl, bearing pointed teeth and looking more like a demon or a gargoyle.
Sherlock was quivering with rage. Magnussen’s command was clearly to both of them and it took all of Sherlock’s willpower to obey. He had to obey. This man could destroy them both in less than 24 hours, and they would be able to do nothing but stand by helplessly as he ground the final piece of their lives into dust.
John didn’t respond as he packed away his med bag. Jim was trying to scare him, but John noticed that Jim hadn’t done anything major to stop him so far, and took it as a good sign. He would much rather have a preoccupied, plotting Moriarty on his hands than a bored one.
John sank down next to him. “Angels, though?” He couldn’t help but laugh. He had to—it was all so absurd.
Jim released his grip on John’s throat, and John made his way up the stairs, feeling his boss behind him. He was terrified, shaking even. John never shook.
to read, especially adventure stories and books about how things work. He’s not much one for sports, but he can run fast when he wants to! And he’s a strong little fellow.” Craig smiled. “Honestly, sometimes I have no idea what he’s talking about. And he tends to…know things. About me, about our neighbors. It’s spooky, almost, except he never tries to be mean. He’s got a good heart. He’s kind to other children and he has a few friends, but he likes his alone time. As I said before, he’s extremely gifted, especially at science.”
“There’s medication to help with the headaches, but there’s always a risk of clotting, and surgery’s just not an option.” John was finding it extraordinarily difficult to look Mycroft in the eye, but reasoned that if the situation was real, he’d find it hard anyway. “I’m sorry, Mycroft.”
The next message sounded even more desperate, from a few minutes later. “I’ve left the flat—I can’t bear to go in there. I keep trying to get the police interested, but they’re ignoring me. The angels, the stone angels—they keep moving, Mr. Holmes. Please, if you can help, call me back. Again, this is Charlotte Hayle.
Breathing hard through his nose, Jim said, “I imagine this was your doing?” he gestured at his shoulder vaguely.
The Doctor grinned, ignoring Sherlock’s spiteful tone. “See, there’s a reason you’re known as the greatest detective of all time.”
Sherlock looked up from the book he was reading and across to John, sitting in his chair with a cup of tea, exactly where he should be, and exactly how Sherlock had imagined him every time his eyes swept the room all those months. “I read your letter and immediately made plans to get to Dublin. Granted, I’d been scheming for months on how best to do it. In lieu of replying I thought it safer to act without telling you, in case Jim caught word and tried to foil it. It took a good long while to get everything in proper order.”
Sherlock breathed deeply and tried to relax. It had been over a year for him and he knew he wasn’t prepared.
Once inside their flat, John dropped onto the sofa. “Y’know, it’s not fair, you running around trying to protect
John turned his head so his lips were brushing Sherlock’s. “Hamish certainly sprouted up though, didn’t he?” He gave Sherlock a soft kiss, nipping at his upper lip.
That night, John laid his blanket on the wood floor by Jim’s bed. “I’m a light sleeper. If I hear a drawer opening or the rattle of laudanum bottles, I’ll be up before you can shout.”
Sherlock slowly withdrew his hands, then began fervently kissing under John’s jaw and along his neck, licking just under John’s chin. He drew up again to glare down at John. “Not even a muscle. Understand?”
The Doctor held Hamish. “Well, lucky for you,” he murmured in Hamish’s ear, then looked up at Sherlock. “You have two fantastic dads who will look after you now.”
Sherlock gave John such a piercing look that John lost all words and accusations, and he helped Sherlock in undoing the buttons to his shirt, his fingers shaking. Once he’d yanked it off, their pressed themselves together once more, shuddering as their bare torsos pressed against each other. The skin on skin contact was intoxicating, and words were lost as they fumbled at each other, clawing at each other’s hair, running hands down each other’s skin, yanking at belts and waistbands and finally tumbling into the bedroom.
century, I tried everything I could to avoid sending you back to 1895, uprooting you from your life. It seemed too messy—there were so many things that could have gone wrong. And you and John Watson were flourishing. When I heard that Sherlock Holmes was living in the 21
The men kept a tight grip on Hamish’s hands so he wouldn’t be post in the bustle of newspaper vendors, flower sellers, ladies daintily holding up their skirts from the street’s muck, urchins who let their hands wander toward unattended money purses, and delivery boys, arms laden with parcels and goods.
you two do when you’re not on the case?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, and the Doctor hastily held up his hand, glancing at Hamish. “No, wait, don’t tell me.”
John gave a muffled moan through the gag, but it was so firmly jammed in his mouth that the sound came out as unintelligible noise. He wrists were already sore; Jim had tied them uncomfortably tight. He was trembling, and despite his horror and discomfort, he realized he was hardening. His fetish for danger had distinct disadvantages.
Frightened by what would happen should Jim wake the next morning with him not by his side, John quietly stowed the letter in the inner pocket of the waistcoat he had set out for tomorrow and slid back into bed next to Jim.
John came over with his tea and settled in his chair. “I used to. I was actually a doctor in the war, but I was shot and sent home. That’s how I met your dad. I needed a flatmate.” John smiled to himself. He couldn’t help but wish things would stay like this. If only they could stay comfortable in their own time period, solving crimes and helping their son grow up in the world they already knew well.
He wanted to write a letter back to Sherlock now, but he didn't have any news to share and hated furthering the risk on Jane without good cause. John had spent the past month getting to know Moriarty's men, going to to drinks with them, never prying, but finding out snippets of their lives and motives over pints and poker games.
“So long? What I mean is, it’s a surprise you haven’t remarried. A...kind man like you. I don’t mean to say the death isn’t hard still, of course it must be.”
Jim didn't even notice that John had called him “sir” again, but picked up a vase and chucked it against the opposite wall with a cry of rage, where it burst into pieces. “
“Grandpa Wilfred!” Hamish said. “I still visit him! And Aunt Donna—she’s so funny. Then after that I went to live with the Williams’.”
. You can get into anyplace you want. Pull strings if you have to. It's important. Can you at least point me in the direction of someone who works there? I imagine even
John gave his son’s shoulder a squeeze. His eyes wandered from Sherlock to the fire in the grate and the snow out the window. “Yes,” he agreed. “It’s good to be home.”
Sherlocked pulled away, surprised. “Oh.” He backed up a bit more and nodded. “You’re right, John. I’m sorry, I didn’t—I wasn’t. I should go to bed.”
“There’s a nice wide space between being an arrogant dick and ‘parading around like a moron.’ But you want to know something?” John crossed behind where Sherlock was sitting and wrapped his arms around his shoulders.
Sherlock played a final note before dropping the violin from his shoulder. “Do you really want to learn?”
For the next few days, John avoided the flat. Sherlock didn’t try to contact him for help with cases, unsure whether to be relieved, since it spared them both of embarrassing, awkward conversations, or hurt. Hurt, Sherlock decided, was an absurd thing to think. So what if he’d been wrong? So what if John had rejected him? It wasn’t as if he felt anything for John. He buried himself in his work and experiments, trying to get rid of the echoing question John had posed that night. “You don’t…feel anything for me, do you?”
Jim turned in his chair and saw the look of disgust on John's face, and knew at once that he was telling the truth. Jim's lips curled into a pleased smile. He stood up, grabbing John's tie and pulling him forward for a playful kiss, one that barely touches John's lips, then shoved him back against the wall, still gripping his tie. He leaned forward and licked along John's jaw, up to his ear, where he whispered, “Did you miss me, Johnny Boy?”
Mary held out the slip of paper in a trembling hand, then held her hands to her mouth as Sherlock took it, curious as to what could illicit such a reaction from her. He unfolded the paper and immediately recognized John's handwriting.
Sherlock knew the prostate was a sensitive area, and he knew he’d hit the mark when John let out a strangled gasp of pleasure. That only spurred him on to thrust faster, grabbed John’s hips so he could angle himself the right way to hit John’s prostate again.
Jim spit out the name in disgust. “No, no, no. The Master. Not a name I reserve for anyone aside from myself, normally, but he
The next few days blended together for John. Killing in the day, sleeping with Jim at night. Jim never mentioned the sex; he gave John assignments as usual and dropped to sleep immediately at night.
John’s breath hitched and he drew his mouth away long enough to mumble, “Did you have a task in mind or did you want me to use my imagination?”
On the night he returned, when the other men had left, John stepped behind Jim as he sat at his writing desk and reached out a hand to trail it along Jim's neck. “It’s good to be home, boss.” John was careful to use the word “home.”
“It’s hardly an ideal situation, but our lives have fallen into a striking pattern of far from ideal situations lately, so it’s hardly productive to fret about it.”
“Now that was fun, wasn’t it? He seemed to take it rather well. Boys do bounce back from things like that.”
better! Sex is no fun when there’s not a winner, isn’t that right?” Jim shoved John back on the bed and quickly straddled and pinned him, ducking down to lick and suck up his chest, then bit down on his nipples, causing John to writhe and arch his back. “And I’m
Sherlock answered the knock at his door with a cigarette in his hand and a blank expression on his face.
John was making his way home from the clinic on foot in the hopes of conserving some money. He was wondering irritably how Victorian Londoners kept their feet at all between the uneven cobblestones and the lack of arch support in their shoes, when a ruddy-faced man began walking in step alongside him. John cast him a worried, sideways glance, expecting a panhandler. The man grinned at him, showing him a multitude of missing and rotten teeth. “Ho, there, Dr. Watson. Where yeh be off to? Baker Street, I’m expectin’?”
John skimmed the brief Wikipedia article and related it to Sherlock. It wasn’t a long entry; Doyle was a Victorian writer who wrote a great deal of stuff, mainly historical chronicles and a few adventure stories, although nearly all of his works were out of print, more or less vanished into obscurity.
Sherlock and John left Jim’s body where it lay, both wanting it to be seen. Someone else would clean it up. John, knowing several places where Jim stored his money, collected it, giving half to Jane. He instructed her to leave the city with her son, just in case. Then, before any of Jim’s lackeys could make an unexpected early appearance for dinner, Sherlock and John left Jim’s Dublin townhouse forever.
Molly was not deterred, however. She snatched the bottle from him and looked around for any more pills. She found two bottles with pills still in them, and snatched these up as well.
“Glad to see you’ve decided to be complacent,” Jim smiled. “When we reach our destination, you will tell Hamish that Sherlock died. If you lie or try to slip in some sort of extra information, I’ll make sure Sherlock dies for real.”
“Sorry to disobey, but no. You pay me to protect you, so that’s what I’m doing. Good night.” John tossed his pillow on the ground and lay down, rolling the blanket around him.
The Doctor rang the bell of 221B Baker Street, and a young woman answered the door. She took in the strangely-clad men. “May I help you gentlemen with someone?”
Over the next week, Jim continued to give him assignments, but John knew he would be able to see Hamish afterwards. Every day he hurried to scrub blood off his hands. It was often the blood of criminals, but sometimes it was the blood of innocent people, people who didn’t deserve to die. Every day John watched the water in the washing bowl turn pink and thought ruefully what a crap doctor he was, taking lives instead of saving them.
Hamish was soon lost in the throng of navy school blazers, and after the school children had been ushered outside, John and Sherlock were left in relative quiet.
“It better not, or I’ll cut out your tongue.” Jim said the words lightly, but John shivered, knowing that he meant them. “Gannon and O’Seanassy will go with you. Clean up
Within a week, Sherlock had lapsed back into an addiction. He didn’t go out anymore, not even to St. Bart’s. He spent hours on end lying on the sofa or plucking listlessly at his violin, feeling morose and stagnant.
Jim grunted. “Dental hygiene these days is limited enough without getting that shit anywhere near my mouth.” He stood and straightened his waistcoat, then looked down at John.
Molly looked between them, startled. “Both? I mean—I can…take the floor if one of you wants my bed.”
He stared at the fresh bullet hole in the ceiling. Jim had fired a loaded gun into his mouth. During sex. John easily could have died, and Moriarty probably would have finished fucking himself in John’s ruined corpse, laughing. John’s skin crawled and his heart refused to slow its beat. Even if Jim trusted him and gave him a bit of leeway, John was still an expendable item in Moriarty’s book.
“But—“ she stepped out to question them, but they’d already moved down the stairs of the apartment, locking the door behind them. John grabbed Hamish’s hand, who in turn took Sherlock’s.
The next few weeks crawled. Whenever he got a moment alone with Jane, he asked her about a letter, until one day she finally had one. John stowed it in his inner waistcoat pocket and didn’t dare open it until he was out in Dublin on an assignment. When he had a free moment, he retreated to a park bench and finally ripped it open.
Jim seemed surprised when John came back so quickly, wearing the same graven face as before. “He’s dead.”
John was equally startled to realize that some part of him welcomed the closeness and the warmth at his back. As he slowly fell back asleep, he could almost imagine it was Sherlock wrapped around him, that he was safe at home on Baker Street.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock had the violin tuned and was creating songs as he went, drawing the bow in long sweeps across the strings.
At first John had suggested they just find another a scan of a patient with an aneurysm and change the name on the chart, but Sherlock had insisted on having his brain scanned and superseding another scanned image of an aneurysm onto it, on the basis that “Mycroft would know” if the scanned brain wasn’t his. John hadn’t asked questions.
Sherlock and Hamish waited on a bench near the door as John approached the front desk. St. Bart’s was a large hospital, even now. Surely there had to be some sort of job vacancy.
“Yes, well Mycroft won’t be born to eat pastries for several more decades,” John jabbed back, then immediately regretted it.  Sherlock hadn’t talked about Mycroft since they’d come to live in 1895.
Sherlock felt John’s mouth open, and he pushed his tongue into John’s mouth, tasting him and exploring. John moaned and pushed his tongue against Sherlock’s, making both of their pulses quicken.
The feel of John coming inside him sent Sherlock over the edge as well, and he came just after John, intense waves of pleasure washing through him. He fell limply into the mattress, gasping for air as John pulled out and crawled next to him, giving him a shaky, wet kiss. “We had a…lot of lost time to make up for…”
John’s mouth went dry. In either case, Jim had made a mistake. John was desperate, willing to do anything. Jim had said that if John tried anything, Sherlock would be executed. How was Moriarty passing the word on? Via mail? If John killed Burke and then Moriarty, he could hurry to London before his execution letter did. It was a huge risk, John knew, but if Jim really did have Hamish, and if Sherlock really was in trouble, he had to try.
There was a pause in the conversation. Sherlock strained his ear against the door, but no voice emerged for several moments.
His eyes swept upward to see Sherlock standing in the doorway, still holding the gun toward where Moriarty had been standing.
John accepted the piece of paper and broke his own rule. He asked a question. “Why does he have to die?”
Doyle stood up and walked over to a pile of papers on the chair, picking a leaf out. “Good thing for you I fail at keeping tidy—even Mary can’t keep up. The perils of being a bachelor, as you two must both understand. There’s an article in here, third page, I believe.”
“You once told me you’ve always trusted me. So trust me when I say that ‘fine’ people don’t shut out the world and take opium for weeks on end. You’re depressed, and this isn’t helping.”
“Arthur Conan Doyle?” Sherlock said with a hint of a sneer. “Is that what you do in the evening? Peddle your tales to him?”
“Good luck, Sherlock!” the Doctor grinned. “I’ll cross my fingers that a brilliant head-scratcher comes your way!”
"What day is it? I can meet you today, at whatever time it is now and whatever location you're at. If that's convenient."
When the buzz came at the door, John leapt up. “Client?” He flung open the door to the flat. “For God’s sake, Sherlock, put a shirt on!”
John laughed a bit regretfully, the reality of what was to come hitting him anew. “Right. I don’t imagine Victorians would respond too kindly to two naked, sexed-up men randomly appearing in the street.” He rolled over and groaned at his clothes, which were crumpled and sprawled across the room. “Getting dressed requires moving, doesn’t it?”
Jim stepped behind him, and John shivered. Even though he’d gotten more or less used to working for Jim, he didn’t like having Jim out of his line of vision, and so close to him. He could feel Jim’s breath on his neck and his fingers tracing along the edge of the wound.
“Angel. In the flat. Debating whether to leave or to stay where I am. Maybe if I back against the wall. I don’t know if there’s more than one.”
Hamish sprang into Sherlock’s arms, hugging him tightly, and Sherlock, after a moment of surprise, wrapped his arms around him. John smiled and wondered if Sherlock had ever hugged a child before. Evidently not, judging by the way he was looking at John, as if to ask, “Am I doing this right?”
have to protect you. Do you know how many times you’ve needed your ass saved? Let’s take a tally, shall we?”
Jim frowned at him, giving him an annoyed look. “No. Why would I need anything from you? I told you, you’ve got the day off. Go…rescue wounded puppies or pick flowers in a park or do whatever it is that you ordinary people do without your precious tellys and laptops.”
taking care of him. I can’t be bothered to regale him with one of my cases every time I walk out the door,” Sherlock said bitterly. “There’s been nothing since the Belgravia Slasher. I’m going mad sitting in here day after day without anything to do. No violin, no books, no equipment, no
A couple of days later, as John was re-stitching a popped seam over one of Jim’s wounds, he finally asked, “Who shot you, Jim?”
Jim reached out to place a hand on Hamish’s head and ran it through his hair. John’s rage flared up. He wanted to shove Moriarty away and tell him to never touch his child again, but he could only watch as Jim said in a sad voice, “Hamish, your father, Sherlock—“
It doesn’t take much spying to figure out what’s going on, John!” Sherlock’s voice rose. “How long have you been planning on snogging her, then?”
John took this as a good sign. Jim trusted him enough to fall asleep before him. But did he believe that John was over Sherlock, that he was devoted solely to Jim? He would need Jim’s utmost trust if he was going to get permission to travel to London.
John returned with an elderly gentleman, who looked around the flat warily before sitting in the chair John offered him.
John shuddered as Magnussen’s fingertips trailed down his face, and Magnussen laughed lightly, his fingers trailing down John’s body, lower and lower.
“We need some ice for that eye,” John murmured, before remembering where they were, and pulled away. “Dammit! No ice. This will take some getting used to.”
Jack did the same, looking him up from head to toe. "Sherlock Holmes." He extended his hand to shake. "Hellooooo. Tall, dark, and handsome! Be still my heart. And who's this?" He smiled at John.
"Sherlock. Do you really need to do this?" John muttered, rubbing his thumb between his eyes, but Sherlock barreled on.
Isn’t that what you always said, Sherlock? How you’ve changed. I’ll be keeping a very close eye on your son, while Daddy’s away. He’s got potential. ...Ooh! I wonder if I could adopt him once his fathers are incarcerated!”
“Mary, it’s all right. I already invited you to eat at the table with us. There’s room for three,” John said, urging Mary to sit down again.
After a moment, Sherlock took a step back, taking a deep breath, collecting himself and wiping away his tears. He set his jaw and breathed in heavily through his nose again. “I need you to go to the stationary shop a few streets down and fetch me a seal with the letters ‘KM’ on it and a new stick of wax.”
He set the violin down and looked at John with a gratitude he couldn’t express. “Thank you,” he said, leaning down to kiss John.
John suddenly turned Sherlock’s face toward him and stepped up on his toes to kiss him, taking him by surprise. If they were going to publicly display their affection, it had to be now. Sherlock caught John’s lip with his, moving a gloved hand to John’s face, and kissed him back. It was a comforting reminder that no matter what changed in his life, John would be there with him.
There was paperwork to sort out with Craig, which Sherlock handled while John helped Hamish pack. It felt less like helping than watching Hamish tear around the room, piling his few possessions untidily into a suitcase.
John fought the urge to point out that he took things all the time. He had taken his son, his freedom, the crown jewels, men's lives. This wasn't the moment to contradict Jim, however.
A few days later found the two men sitting in the living room. Hamish was back at his old school, and Sherlock was taking a break from case work for the day. John asked Sherlock why he had never replied to his last letter.
“Going to the cinema…not catching horrible diseases. God, do you know how rubbish medicine was in Victorian London?”
“Yeah, and I told you I wasn’t!” John said. His heart was hammering. Sherlock had suspected this whole time, and hadn’t said anything? “I’ve had
Sherlock shifted his weight uncomfortably, debating what to do, then finally leaned over to place a kiss on Hamish’s forehead as well. “Sleep well. We’ll be downstairs if you need us.”
John moved his hands up to Jim’s chest, digging his nails in as he pushed Jim farther in, varying the pressure of his lips and tongue. Jim moaned lowly, letting John continue for another minute or so, then suddenly growled, “Stop.”
John couldn’t do this. He used his thumb to wipe away the beginning of a tear at Hamish’s eye, then glared over at Jim. “For God’s sake, can you give us a few minutes of privacy? Can’t I comfort my son alone?”
One weekend, Jim and John visited Hamish at school, which only refueled the fire inside John. He began growing antsy and considered risking his lie to ask Jim about London if Jim didn't bring it up soon. John didn't have to worry for long, though.
John made a muffled groan as the barrel shoved in. His breathing was rapid and shallow through his nose, and he clenched his eyes shut.
Craig sat down and pulled Alfie onto his knee, casting a loving eye on his as he began to speak. If he cared for Hamish half as much, John thought, then the boy had been in good hands. That relaxed him somewhat.
The Doctor seemed like quite the matchmaker, John thought, thinking back to Elton and Ursula. And, although not directly related, he and Sherlock hadn’t acted on their feelings until this whole mess had began.
“--But then you will have a run-in with creatures that send you back to permanently live in Victorian London, thus rewriting history. So this is draft one, so to speak: you’re seeing a London that won’t exist when you disappear, because you—both of you—will be famous historical and literary characters from a century before. And this is one of those fixed points in time that
“As entertaining as all of that was, he still broke into our flat and tried to convince us that we ‘belonged’ in a different century.”
John stepped back, alarmed by Jim’s speed and stealth. He was breathing too heavily to speak, but he finally bent down and retrieved his gun from the dead man’s hand. “Thank you,” he said, finding his mouth a little dry.
Once the three had shuffled back out of the hallway into the street, the Doctor began pacing back and forth on the sidewalk. “Now…this is interesting. Doyle’s here, existing where he’s supposed to, but he can’t write about Sherlock Holmes because he doesn’t exist here, which means he’ll never ben famous.” He pointed to Sherlock, then prodded him in the nose, much to Sherlock’s displeasure. “
“When you were just a new little thing in my lab,” the Doctor said. “I’ve just popped back from dropping you off with Wilfred Noble.”
“Not that I’m aware of,” he whispered back, biting back a grin. “I don’t know, he reminds me a bit of you.”
The next morning, John woke up as Jim was still sleeping. He was lying on his stomach, his face turned towards John, breathing softly. John studied the face of the sleeping psychopath for a moment. It looked like such a harmless face when dormant.
John held Hamish for a while before speaking, relieved that he was here and safe. He tried to get words to come out, but the lie got caught in his tongue. Jim rolled his eyes, unseen by Hamish, and took a knee next to Hamish.
John’s stomach did a sickening flip. He fumbled with his waistcoat buttons, then his shirt. He paused at his trousers. “...Everything?”
"You see, Mr. Holmes. There are thigns far stranger than we ever imagined out there. And here! This is the kind of thing that happens when you run with the Doctor," Elton said.
“John’s working, Hamish at school. Obviously. If you insist on the idle chit-chat, I’ll have to toss you out. Don’t bore me.”
Sherlock smiled despite his loathing of the hat, then ripped it off and tossed it at John, who put it back on the angel.
He rolled back over towards John, pulling his face toward him and kissing him. “Never like that, hmm? I hope that’s a good thing.”
Sherlock frowned at him again, but he felt somewhat sated knowing how Hamish came into existence, even if the science of it seemed dodgy. “How did you do it? Replicate our DNA?” Sherlock asked.
“Not unless it becomes necessary. It’s an experiment I’ve had on the backburner for a while. I need something so I don’t completely languish away in stagnation.”
Mycroft cleared his throat, stared at the floor for a moment, as if wrestling something in his mind, then finally stood. “This is it, then? I won’t see you again?”
John wished he’d slow down a bit; it was a lot for a young child to process, but Hamish was nodding and listening carefully, seemingly taking it all in stride.
? An ex-soldier who hate you, under your control?!” Sherlock laughed wildly. “The Master must have forgotten a few brain cells when he restored you, Jim.”
Sherlock had contemplated visiting Mycroft in person for several days. Now that they were standing in front of his townhouse, he was beginning to second-guess himself. He rang the buzzer and a posh female voice answered. “Please give your name and reason for visiting.”
at you two.” He leaned forward to John. “Be honest, Johnny-boy...does he make you scream in bed?” He cocked his head and held Sherlock’s gaze as John clenched his jaw, turning bright red and looking away. “Bet he does.”
Jim growled in fury and lunged forward, seizing John's neck once more and pushed his head back to the mattress, pressing down on his throat and pushing his face so close to John's that their noses were almost touching. “If you have a question, you ask
John hadn’t realized that he’d been holding his breath until he let it out in a long sigh. “Clever. Except,” he gave a nervous laugh, “now we’ll have to skirt around two creepy statues every time we go in and out of your room.”
Jim moaned, closing his eyes and running his hand through John’s hair before he grabbed handfuls of it as John began to bob in and out.
Over the next week, Sherlock couldn’t help but notice every time John and Mary talked, even if it was a polite greeting, and he couldn’t help but feel an unpleasant twinge at the base of his stomach when John praised her. Was this what jealousy felt like? Such a pointless emotion.
“Yes, John, that’s right,” Jim’s breath was hot on his lower back. He was moving faster now, pulling on John’s hips, slamming him back to meet him. John forced himself to comply, thrusting his hips to meet Jim’s pushes.
Even so, John and Sherlock's relationship needed mending. John was hesitant to get too physically close right away, which Sherlock didn't press.
John cried out at the feeling, shocked and disgusted at having Jim’s semen inside of him. Jim was either too exhausted to notice that John hadn’t come, or maybe he just didn’t care. He collapsed on the bed next to John limply. John collapsed as well, wanting nothing more than to take a shower and then to disappear into nothing, but he had no shower, so he forced himself to lie next to Jim. He even went so far as to wipe a bead of sweat from Jim’s forehead as Jim caught his breath.
Sherlock raised his chin, intrigued. His eyebrows went up as the Doctor explained his attempt to fix the universal glitch without displacing Sherlock and John.
. But I checked 1895 and you weren’t there, you simply didn’t exist. So I go to 2012 to the Sherlock Holmes museum at this address and it’s not there, it’s just...your flat.” He poked Sherlock in the chest, and Sherlock took the opportunity to snatch back his magnifying glass.
“Do you really want to test me?” He leaned towards John, bracing his arm on the sofa back. “Care to gamble your lover’s life? If so, by all means, turn down my offer. It could be fun! Maybe I’ll just kill you
“He’s the one I was telling Arthur about...the one who made Sherlock fake his own death,” John put in.
John rolled his head back, groaning involuntarily, and clutched at Sherlock’s hips, beginning to rub himself against Sherlock. Sherlock still had his trousers on, and the layers of fabric between them were infuriating.
be. If they’d somehow, impossibly had a son, they’d bloody well know! But the resemblance—and the surnames. Was this some sort of Time Lord prank? He didn’t find it amusing in the least.
They grabbed the printed scans of Sherlock’s brain, then John spun into an office. “Marlene! DO you have Dietrich Pendanski’s file? I need to make some comparisions for an MRI.”
Jim’s lips curled into an amused smile and he gently plucked John’s fingers from his suit. “You see,
and you can never have seconds—not that you’d want to. My friend Robert told me they put crushed worms in the gravy.”
“Sh-Sherlock—” John stumbled backward, hand to his mouth, too afraid to approach the figure. He couldn't be real. He couldn't be.
There were two bullet wounds in his shoulder. Jim had dug out one of the bullets, and it was now lying on the floor next to a slicked-red knife.
? Honestly, you sound like you’re a Londoner, but it’s as if you three dropped out of the sky! Pass the gravy, if you could.”
A smile tugged at the corner of Sherlock's mouth as he looked around the room. He had noticed some of the candles had gone missing. “Hello.”
“How is this fair?” John said suddenly. “You have the nerve to zip around to any time you like and force people’s lives to change? We’re becoming time refugees against our wills and you get to run to wherever and whenever you please?”
Sherlock moved faster, straining his hips so that John hit him all the right spots, gasping. He dug his nails into John’s chest and growled, “
Sherlock set Hamish back down. “With any luck, I’ll have caught a criminal before the night is out,” he said, then tossed his scarf around his neck and flew out the door and into the dying London light.
