“Yeah, so if his death still haunts you, just imagine what killing me would be like? Having memories of whatever so called abuse, memories of us laughing and making love, and then you killing me. Just imagine the mix of chaotic feelings.”
“Well did they sign the Accords?”
“But you and I both will continue worrying about it until we find out,” Rhodey laughed.
Cali’s breath caught in her throat. She had asked Ryder why Miriam hadn’t showed back here after her shift, but Ryder had waved her concerns off saying she probably took on another shift.
Isak…
He couldn’t even see Tony sitting in front of him anymore, all he could see was Tony in that room drugged out with whatever Ryder had been giving him, bruises strewn across his thinning body, and a swollen lip. He could hear Tony’s screams echoed in his ears. He could feel the ghost of Tony pushing at his chest.
“We need medic now. He’s on something and I don’t know what,” Natasha said from her place on the floor, cradling Tony’s head on her lap. “He’s been muttering about this is a dream.”
Bucky’s eyes grew bright and his facial expression took on this dark and mysterious look of amusement. “Isak told Fury he would do everything he could to make sure things were cleared up. He’s being brought in by SHIELD in five days.”
He was fine.
“And you all know this because you’ve probably been dreaming about it,” Ryder announced.
Natasha frowned and nodded to herself. Then she looked at Bucky and Sam. Seeing something in their eyes, she reached a conclusion. She stood up and grabbed Sam’s remote. She weighed it in her hands and set it down. She then looked around and her eyes brightened upon seeing a metal book holder in the shape of a falcon. She raised it in her hands and aimed straight for Steve’s forehead.
Tony narrowed his eyes at Ryder. “No.”
Isak tapped his fingers against his thigh. “Don’t tell me you can truly say you don’t deserve time after what you’ve done. First ruining our family and experimenting on those people with whatever at the CMPNY. Those patients you have, while being a doctor are your lab rats.”
As promised here is your Saturday update. Enjoy and please feel free to leave a kudo, bookmark, comment, etc. :)
Natasha turned a heavy expression of guilt to Steve. Steve waved off the guilt and told her softly. “It’s fine Nat. I know you didn’t mean it, but I think it might be better if I go talk to him.”
Tony walked into the bathroom and wrapped himself around Tony’s waist. “Fine, but no funny business mister.”
Steve pushed Clint off of him. “I’m giving you coal.”
“I do not pee in the bed!” Kevin shouted.
“Yes FRIDAY.”
Miles nodded and rested his head on Tony’s shoulder again. Tony went toward the cabinet where he had stored all the things the doctor told him he needed to make sure Miles would recover. A voice quickly startled him causing him to nearly lose his grasp on Miles.
“Is this it?” she questioned her voice growing rough from unrestrained anger. “You let the words of Ryder, whom we have known less than three months, to get into your head. You let Tony’s boyfriend dictate your actions without actually talking and listening to Tony?”
“Nope, but since time can’t be paused it’d be best if you get going, before Harley drives off without you. And I do not need to hear our son got arrested because he was driving without a license,” Tony explained.
Sharon noticed Steve’s pensive expression and excused herself from where she was talking with Pepper and Rhodey. She took the now empty spot beside Steve, seeing as though Bucky had left again for a little space break. Steve hadn’t even taken notice of her presence until she placed her hand down loudly on the table.
Ryder sneered as he leaned away from Tony. “I can see just how surprised you were. You were probably up to something you shouldn’t be up to.”
He hadn’t wanted to know that…
The hold tightened. Tony’s fell asleep, despite Steve’s worried urges of not doing so. He was so tired. Besides he knew, when he woke up he would be back just where he started. Steve wasn’t coming for him. No one was coming for him. He just wasn’t worth it. He only hoped that they would take care of Miles.
Tony blinked his eyes languidly, breath holding for just a second. He didn’t know, if he wanted his first kiss with Steve to be a result of the end of a battle where they’re both high on survival. But he couldn’t deny that he wouldn’t mind feeling for once how it would feel to have Steve close to him like that.
“A little bit of everything. Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll be fine. After all you were the stronger of us, didn’t you always remind me of such. So surely you can handle this,” Tony slyly said.
His mind went to how easy it was to let Ryder go and how easy it had been to forget it all. Maybe he should have done more to remember and hadn’t forgotten it along with all the other people who had ever done Tony wrong. He tended to forgive, but more oft than not also forget.
Bucky shook his head, but narrowed his eyes. All of the others stood up from their seat. Everyone in the room noticed the movement and watched as the Avengers got up. They distinctly wondered if they should care. However, Rhodey called them down by simply explaining they were looking for something. He told them that a few should stay at the table so as to not cause any panic.
Steve could view him as a completely different person. But he couldn’t stop himself from wanting to tell someone and here was Steve wanting to listen. Sure, the others had offered but he didn’t want to tell them. So what made Steve different?
“So you used your son as an excuse to come back home,” Steve laughed as he began heating up the food and bringing out two plates.
He startled and nearly dropped the bucket of popcorn. Tony frowned, “Are you trying to send me to an early grave?”
Between his legs was someone different. Tony looked through half-lid eyes how the person licked his lips hungrily and unbuckled their belt. Tony thrashed, but was held down by several hands. He tried kicking the hands off of him, but couldn’t. He looked down and this time saw a light purple patch on the inside of his thigh.
“Get inside the car Tony. Please do not make me repeat myself.”
Steve turned to the side, looking at the time slowly blink to a few minutes pass six and he decided to stay in bed for just a little bit longer. Though when he did turn, he noticed the empty space beside him. He fully turned his body into the emptiness and ran his hands over the bed sheets noticing the sheets were still warm so Tony must not have left their bedroom too long ago.
Later, Tony would wonder if wishing death upon someone in that way was justified. Later just wasn’t going to be in any near future.
“Love you too kid,” he said. “Take care of this one and tell May I said thanks again for watching him and Harley.”
Ryder shrugged. “My devilishly handsome charms?”
His heart leapt in his chest and he tried reminding himself he wasn’t some young teenager experiencing his first crush. But here he was getting all messed up simply because of a handhold. Steve grew closer to him, his thump repeatedly drawing circles in the skin between Tony’s thumb and index finger.
May tried stifling a laugh, but couldn’t just keep herself quiet. “Sure. That’s what you think.”
Tony shied away from her touches and tried pulling away from her. He needed to get out of here, but he just couldn’t move.
His shoulder made a sickening crunch and he had no doubt that if his ribs hadn’t been broken, they were sure to have been broken now.
“That’s not true. I want to know everything about you,” Steve honestly stated. “And I’m sorry your parents weren’t the ones you deserved.”
“Why are you adding salt?” Steve questioned as he made a move toward grabbing the turkey beef.
Shuri continued. “It lasted like that for a while. I fell ill and T’Challa had been no better. He did not have the time to grieve and then I blamed myself for grieving too much. Here my brother was to take my father’s place and I couldn’t even get out of my bed. I honestly can’t tell you when or how, but I had to start telling myself it wasn’t my fault. Sometimes bad things happen and evil people intercept our best laid plans. It is not through our actions that those events happen. My father is dead, but Tony is not. Do not let rash decisions for revenge keep you from being smart. Tony will hate it if you do something reckless and I am quite certain he will put baby protocol on your suit.”
Steve smiled at Tony. “Always.”
Steve nodded. “Okay. Did he tell you why he wasn’t answering Ryder’s calls?”
Harley removed his face from the bear. “Would you?”
“Rogers,” Tony started.
Ryder rubbed his bleeding wrists and stood up from his chair. He staggered a bit, but quickly found his balance and as soon as he did Steve landed a punch straight into his abdomen. The punch reverberated in the room and Steve was certain that he had broken at least two ribs.
“I’ve seen a toddler have more shoe game than you.”
Steve watched as Tony grabbed his and Miles lunch and retreated to his floor. Steve was quick to follow, but not before talking to Clint.
“I…crap Bucky I don’t want you to feel bad. I’ve just been having a bad week, since you’ve been gone and I guess the fact that we didn’t get to celebrate our anniversary was the final nail in the coffin to a sucky week. I should have told you instead of punishing you for something that happens to the best of us. Just last week I forgot Sarah’s birthday.”
“Knock, knock. You decent?” Natasha’s voice rang.
After all she had told Tony to do it at his pace and he had, slowly growing in confidence and security. He had done small tests to make sure Steve would stop when he said so and Steve was so in tune with what he wanted. And even when he wasn’t, he knew when to step back and let Tony see if he wanted to continue or not. So when they had gone all the way that first time and it hadn’t hurt and Tony also managed not to send himself into a panic attack at the idea of it…that was amazing.
Tony left his name and then said, “Steve…I just want to talk to Miles. Can I please talk to my baby?”
“No, how you’re doing? I thought you said it was rude to start off a conversation with a question,” Tony coughed.
“Would it be possible to steal my brother away for a quick moment? I have a new car and I know how much he would love to drive a Pagani Huayra.”
Steve picked up Miles and settled him on his hip. He grabbed the Band-Aid clad finger and kissed it. “Alright, now it’s all better.”
He walked over toward Pepper and Rhodey. “Sleep already platypus?” Tony teased as he sat down. He opened up another bag of strawberries and handed them to Miles. “Eat slowly or I’ll cut them up again, okay?”
“You want to color?” Steve questioned. “I saw some coloring books and that looks like fun.”
Tony screwed his eyes shut, before sitting up. He had actually managed to move to the side of the bed, without alerting Steve. He looked back over his shoulder to see Steve scrunch up his face in confusion as his arms met the warm spot Tony once was in.
“Yeah, I am not letting you get sick from cold spaghetti. Plus it won’t take that long to warm up seeing as though I just put it in the refrigerator not even a few seconds ago. While you wait, you can grab the two bottles of juice.”
So he cried because he was getting neither of the things he wanted or needed. His crying tapered off, but the shivers persisted and he kept dry heaving even though he knew there was nothing left within him.
“Umm, nothing much else planned to be honest. Tried to keep my schedule fairly open to get ready to head to Italy…Steve!” Tony shouted as Steve swallowed him down in one steady movement.
Steve laughed unamused. “I thought that I could stand up for everyone and show compassion. I didn’t show compassion for you Tony. I just…I was tired of knowing that people’s pain was because of me…and maybe that is also why I was against the Accords. I knew I would see people’s pain in relation to my actions, but I know it isn’t fair for me to brush that aside.”
Currently, all three had decided that Harley’s bedroom would be on the rotation for fort night. They had taken to sleeping in each other’s room. At first Tony had been concerned that they had grown an unhealthy coping mechanism and this would lead to separation anxiety.
The two ate the bowl in silence, until Steve put his fork down and looked at Tony. Tony ignored the look, until it grew so heavy that he felt it boring down into his soul.
I don’t appreciate being
“You’re right. I also hope you know that you may have to pay for the thousands of puppies that I promised the hospital,” Steve noted.
“What happened to him?” Tony questioned. He hadn’t known the driver, but he had felt thankful for him getting away.
Who stands at the end of this pointed path
“Mhm that Steve smile. The one you always get whenever you hear his name. It’s pretty adorable,” Rhodey said, waving off Tony’s exclamations of not being adorable.
Tony smiled sadly and looked down. “So…I felt like this was the world doing me a kind service. It brought back someone that I didn’t think I had wanted to see again. And it started off well enough, but then it just quickly stopped.”
“I’m going to in a bit,” he said.
“Mr. Stark thank you for joining us,” Principal Davis.
“Tony I am pretty sure you are the brightest thing is the room. I personally think Iron Man is the coolest. I mean you both have seen his armor right? So bright and pretty.”
Rhodey raised an eyebrow toward her in question. Pepper merely shrugged and continued to try reading her novel. If she focused on one passage too long…well it’s not like she was reading this for an assignment.
“Please Tony just trust me.”
It had been one week, since Fury had given Tony information that Ryder had died.
Ryder had the audacity to look surprised. His eyes widened imperceptibly.
Tony nodded as he sat down his glass of water. “It really was relaxing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s breaths deepened and Ryder leaned forward on his knees. “Let me take care of you Tony. Let me be the one not to leave you like the others did. Like Steve did.”
Steve parked the car and got everyone out, Harley helping with Peter’s bags. The four of them all went into their home, quickly dropping off their bags, before heading to the roof where Sam and Bucky had been putting things together.
“Steve!” Bucky shouted as he watched the butter crackle and sizzle in the skillet. “You can’t just leave stuff unattended. What were you trying to make with butter?”
“Ry-Ryder I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony stuttered trying to blink away the spots that were swimming into his vision. “I promise you Ryder I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Or are you too weak to defend the one who gave it up so easily at the first sign of anything resembling comfort,” Ryder joked. “Pity.”
His fingers left his chin to poke at the bruise on his eye. Tony winced and turned his head away from him. Ryder grasped his chin and roughly turned his face toward him again.
“What?” Rhodey questioned, fulling having heard the question but needing to make sure what he heard was correct.
Peter’s eyes moistened. “I was scared. We all were, but…I tried you know being there for Harley and Miles because I’m the oldest but it was hard. Sometimes, they asked if you were coming back and I told them yes.”
“I told you not to get involved with my dad-”
“You don’t have to do this.”
Tony questioned to himself, fingers rubbing over his collarbone.
“And I would have kept so, if it weren’t for that darn meddling kid,” I joked looking at Miles. “Okay, I’m seriously sorry for not calling, but like I’ve been busy. I was eventually going to return all of your messages.”
“I know the instances that drove you to take on this persona of your brother, but you should have no fear. You know I will always have your side, Ryder. I just need you to trust me. I can make all of this go away, but you need to let me know,” Tony tried again.
“It’s good to see you again. And thank you for opening up your home to us.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I’m Ingrid. I’m here with my family. I don’t want to sound like a creeper, but I was looking and wondering if maybe you would be interested in having dinner with sister. She couldn’t believe that Tony Stark was here at the same beach, so I figured I would be the brave one to ask on her behalf. She’s had a crush on you for ages.”
Peter ran his hand through his hair. “Then I hated how I went back through my mind and I could see moments where looking back I knew things weren’t okay with Ryder. Maybe if I had asked and been direct-”
Exhale.
Steve looked down at him and continued running his hands through Tony’s hair, giving him to gather himself. Tony curled his hands against the blanket and sighed.
“It’s not happening Fury. We’re not bringing in Tony,” Sam said. “No one else agrees with this. It won’t be helpful nor healthy for Tony’s recovery to place him back in the same, might I add closed space, of his abuser.”
He went to Steve’s floor and immediately went searching for Steve. He had to tell Steve everything. He couldn’t keep this inside of him anymore. He doesn’t care about the threats or the lies that Ryder was telling him. Steve had promised him honesty and it was time for Tony to express the same. And if some part of him, some inner childlike fantasy of himself wished that Steve would be the knight in shining armor come to get rid of the dragon, no one would know.
“You need rest and I’m pretty certain Natasha will kill me tomorrow if she realizes I didn’t do the one instruction she left me with.”
“Have you tried telling her this?”
Surely, Howard would not have used him as justification to beat on his kid.
“I haven’t forgotten them so much as I don’t agree with them,” Steve claimed. “You and I both know that he’s Ryder. We’re wasting time playing this game. The place he would take Tony was called the Winston estate. Hell, Fury that’s where we found him.”
Tony sniffed, his hands tightening in his bed sheets.
What Tony wanted was to forget.
Steve threw up into the wastebasket that was brought in as a precaution after Tony’s accident. All of the morning’s contents and acid flew outside of him. Hot scorching tears burned bright at his eyes.
He pulled down Tony’s underwear and ran a finger around Tony. “He’d probably be so gentle making sure you’re fully stretched. And just when you feel like you can’t even take his fingers, he looks at you again for permission then enters you,” Ryder moaned.
There he was met with the rest of the Avengers, minus Tony of course who was back at the Tower entertaining some children from Karen’s and hanging with the boys. Clint locked the door behind him and went to stand behind Bruce, whose skin was verging on a dangerous green.
Cali breathed out. “He needs to check back into his reality and I need you to be that string. I think I found the driver and I’ll tell you more later. Just talk to him until he falls asleep he should be sleep soon with what they’ve…” her voice breaks off. “Never mind.”
“It’s okay,” he chattered, fingers wrapping tightly around the blanket.
“Please don’t,” Tony winced just imagining the time Mama Rhodes visited him junior year after Rhodey snitched on him for not having left his room in a month.
Tony’s eyes opened.
“Are you falling asleep?” Steve laughed softly, his voice rumbling Tony slightly.
“Tony,” Steve said in a strained voice.
He had thought that this was the world correcting itself. It was taking away a good thing that Clint hadn’t deserved in the first place and in some way Clint felt like there was some pressure off of his shoulder. It was like finally things were being righted in his life. So he wanted to push Tony away in any manner possible.
“Hello?”
He first caught on to that when he saw the split lip that Peter was sporting and the bruise beginning to blossom on Harley’s chin. Flash meanwhile had his shirt torn and a small cut above his eye. Harley straightened his shoulders defiantly and Peter seemed to shrink in on himself as his eyes caught on Tony’s.
Once Miles saw Peter, he began tugging at Tony’s hand as though that would make him walk faster. Tony obliged and went toward Peter who was speaking to Michelle and Ned. Tony let go of Miles’ hand so he could run to Peter.
Tony reached out and grabbed ahold of her wrist. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. You help me out of here and I can get you out of this CMPNY, whatever it is. I’m Tony Stark,” he added smirking painfully. “Or go look for my watch and I can handle the rest, yeah?”
Tony growled and pushed her away. “I don’t need you to check my wounds. I need you to get me the hell out of here or hell just show me how to get out okay. I don’t need you placating me or treating me nicely because you may not be on the same level as your fucked up sister, but you sure aren’t helping me. I need to get out of here. Come on Cali you have to see this isn’t right.”
movie,” Ryder laughed.
It was going to be the best day of his life, Tony was sure of it.
“Look Tony I-” Natasha began, but was silenced by Tony shaking his head.
“That’s Peter!” Miles exuberantly announced, loud enough for the whole audience to hear. “Look baba it’s Peter! Hi Peter!” He stood up on Tony’s lap and waved.
When the meetings began, Pepper only briefly participated in the shenanigans Rhodey and Pepper were a part of. The rest of the day consisted of meetings, setting up meetings, Tony making sure things were meeting their deadlines in R&D. At some point Tony had broken away from Pepper and went down to the lab and she wouldn’t have even noticed until FRIDAY alerted her that Tony had set something…correction three things on fire.
That stupid fucking proclamation. Ryder made sure to tell it to him almost daily as though repeating it enough might make Tony believe it. Tony almost had. He remembered a few days ago…or was it yesterday?
Tony shook himself out of the memory and pushed himself away from Ryder. He wasn’t going to let him do this to himself tonight. He was having a great time. Bruce and Thor were back. Rhodey and Pepper were here. Nothing was going wrong. Nothing.
“Because baba is somewhere I can’t do that right now, okay? But know I miss you so much okay and I love you,” Tony rasped.
“I don’t think your brother would approve of this princess,” Peter said blushing brightly. “And I don’t know if I am going to ask her anyways. Not sure she’s even going to go.”
“I’m done running in fucking circles with you,” Steve laughed without an inkling of humor. “And that was your whole point. You wanted more time and you knew that everything you said would make me want to act on it more.”
Fury for his part didn’t even look like he wanted to give this news to Tony.
She was gone today.
Steve winced at the rough tone of the boy. “Are you on drugs?”
Steve wondered if he could get Pepper to help him with changing the rhetoric around Tony’s image because Tony didn’t deserve this. He got so caught up in his thoughts that he didn’t realize Peter repeating his question to Miles who was looking on angrily at the television.
“He said he’s been having trouble sleeping?”
Her voice grew softer as her eyes darted around the room. “And like the older volunteers tried stopping it, but Ms. Romanov recruited Jaime as second command and most of the other volunteers look up to him so we’ve been outnumbered…”
Peter quickly silenced whatever Miles was about to say. “Okay, Miles. What did we say about being quiet?”
All of them left and Steve turned to the remaining faces. Rhodey stood up from his place on the couch and took out his phone.
He was not ready to do this. Nope. Not today. He had forgotten to practice in the mirror so he was not prepared. So nope not happening today. This will not be the
Thanks for all the comments, kudos, and bookmarks. I appreciate them dearly. Enjoy your day loves!
Steve frowned at that. “I do not look like a lost puppy.”
As he focused on the door, he noticed it open more slightly. He raised himself on his elbows, defenses already high. He wondered if somehow Ryder had come back and now was going to take him again. Thankfully, before he could allow himself to become submersed in that strain of panic, he saw blonde hair that accompanied a body.
“It’s not possible for us to paint Ryder in a bad light, when he did that all for himself. This is what he did to Tony. There were probably more before him. He left these bruises. He was the one that kept Tony and tortured him.”
“You like that drink I gave you?” Tony questioned.
A tap on the window. Fury probably recognized that they weren’t getting anywhere. Natasha nodded her head to Bucky, who went over to Steve.
“If it is for the benefit of Tony, I suppose I will assist,” FRIDAY exclaimed.
Tony narrowed his eyes. Steve had no doubt in his mind that Tony would eventually try looking for these said sources.
“You don’t have to thank us Tony. That’s…that’s not what…” Steve shook his head. “I’m sorry it took us so long. There’s no excuses.”
Tony shook his head. “Nothing. I just don’t know what to do anymore. I feel like something was taken away from me and I should know what, but I don’t. It scares me,” he admitted.  “It scares me that I let…”
Karen rose an eyebrow amusedly at the two of them.
He flattened his fingers underneath his thighs and hoped Pepper didn’t read too much into it.
Because the news outlet hadn’t received any information about Tony’s disappearance or the abusive relationship he had with Ryder. It was Tony’s decision to keep everything close to the chest.
“I would rather Tony never forgive me, then for me to let this man who abused him near him and finish what he started,” Steve said, voice cracking. “Don’t ask me to do that Fury. I would go against every rule you have set in place, if you dare suggest anything to me like that again.”
“Say hi Miles,” Tony said smiling.
“Yes, but stay where I can see you. If something happens, you know what to do,” Natasha told her. Julie smiled and bounced on her feet, before going to look at the trains.
“Ow, Steve,” Clint hissed rubbing the arm he had fallen over.
“Why?” Peter finally said.
Fury’s eyes shone wet, but if anyone ever asked he would say it was the dim lighting.
He had been dealt a few good things in his life, which he certainly hadn’t deserved. One of those things were Laura and the kids. The other was his membership in the Avengers and friendship with them. Another had been being friends with Tony.
“Oh, and then when I was fifteen I was taken by some business investors that were upset over a deal my dad had cut them out of. Then a few months later I was taken by this guy who claimed I was actually his son. My dear old dad, Howard, claimed he would have been so lucky for it to have been true. My mom was the only reason that I came back from that one. Sometimes I think my life might have been better staying with that crazy man.”
“It’s alright we can eat in here, if you don’t mind. At least until Miles’ grasp lessens,” Steve said.
“Okay, Miles can you tell me where your baba is,” Natasha questioned taking Miles from Steve’s arms. Miles easily went into her arms and pressed his face against her neck. She felt warm tears wet her skin and she tightened her grip on him. “Where’s the last place you saw him.”
He needed Ryder to reveal his hand now, where there were people watching his back.
“What do want from me?” Steve questioned.
Bucky raised his eyebrow and headed toward the kitchen sink. “So you’re in a good mood. I have to say though I thought you and Tony would still be having dinner in here or moved things up to the bedroom.”
Tony turned to look at Julie who had wandered outside and wound up standing by the two.
“And what has you all chipper today? Usually you come home complaining about this teacher and the next,” Steve joked, pulling off of the school campus and heading to Miles elementary school which was thankfully only a few minutes away.
Steve sat down on his bed and stared at his hands. His mind seemed to be at unrest yet his body stayed unmoving. He leaned back in his chair and sighed with frustration. Turning his head, he looked at the time. There was a second where Steve wondered if he had ever been a man worthy to carry the shield. In this moment, he decided he was not.
The hair on Peter’s arms stood still and he felt he couldn’t shake this weirds feeling. So looking around he noticed that Miles had left his seat and took out his earphones to ask where he was going. When he looked up to see Miles about to chew a piece of orange gum, he quickly ran over and grabbed Miles.
Steve stared at the two unconscious bodies first, before his eyes rested on Tony who was resting in Natasha’s lap. The towel did little to cover the rest of Tony’s bare skin. Anger grew deep within him as he noticed with a sinking unease that barely any of Tony’s skin was unmarked with bruises or scratches. But his eyes, his expressionless eyes were the most chilling thing about this picture.
“Yes, that actually is included in the Accords. However, it is entirely optional. The people signing this just figured there needed to be a way to properly deal with trauma and brushing it under the rug as you all have done so far has not worked in anyone’s favor. So while we would like all of you to seek private therapy once every other week, it is up to the individual. There will also be group therapy one a month, if the group decides they want that to be included,” Isa explained taking a highlighter out of her briefcase and highlighting the portion explaining that.
“I’m just going to take Harley to visit his mom. Don’t worry, I’ll be back before you know it,” Steve whispered smoothing out the worry lines in Tony’s forehead.”
Miles laughed again. “Okay, okay. I’ll help you.”
Tony laughed and it’s something dark and desperate. It made Steve feel worse. Tony drew back from Steve with a hand over his mouth, trying not to let any sound escape. He tilted his head back and continued to dryly laugh to himself.
“Wrong answer.”
“Bambino what’s wrong?”
“Yeah, you’re right. Guess I’ll just have to take more snapshots of these moments, before our kids get too old for us,” Steve said, leaning over to kiss Tony on the cheek.
Bucky sent a pleading look to Bruce as if knowing Bruce’s doubt would only encourage Tony to prove him wrong and Bucky would be the one to suffer. Natasha meanwhile was paying attention to the conversations filtering in the room, even while she was helping Miles and Harley make a Lego replica of the Stark Tower.
Exhaling slowly, he didn’t outwardly express his gratitude for the strength Bucky and Clint were grounding him in. However, his smile which had the tense lines removed away from it was enough sign of gratitude for the both of them.
Tony looked up at Steve once more before opening the box. In the box laid a thin silver bracelet. The silver bracelet was a simple silver band with markings engraved in them. The markings are set in a smooth design outlined by the silver. With the marked engravings were pieces of sapphire interwoven with it. Tony marveled at the bracelet and watched as moonlight caught on some words engraved within the bracelet.
Steve remained silent, only choosing to sit opposite of Tony. He kept opening and closing his mouth like a fish out of water. Tony delighted in this small sense of uncomfortableness coming from Steve.
Tony remained still for a few moment, before reaching out to grab her hand. “If there’s anything that I can do…or anything you need. Just let me know, get in touch with Pepper Potts.”
“What was she saying to you?” Peter questioned walking around the play area where Miles had been.
Crap, he probably should have told Tony’s therapist what had happened. No doubt his therapist would have been worried by the missed meetings. All of them had missed their meetings the past two months, with looking for Tony. But they had always a little time to stop for a brief few minutes to talk about their day on the phone. Maybe he would send a reminder to Pepper or someone to get in contact with his therapist and let them know that Tony being absent from his meetings wasn’t due to him.
He smiled widely at Bucky and then turned back to Steve. “Then who are you talking about? Everyone is seated together at this table. So I’m sure you have a lot of potential talking companions. I mean I’m pretty sure Tony organized it to fit all of us because the other tables only sit fifteen.”
“That’s not true,” Tony said scoffing his head. “You know what this is over. I got what I needed.”
Bucky tilted his head to the side. “We can get rid of Ryder, if that’s the only problem for you.”
He settled back easily into his chair and pressed call. Bringing the phone up to his ear, he listened to the thrum of the ringing vibrate in his ear. He was foolish to think that Rogers wouldn’t actually be a problem. He doubted that Miles was even sick. And honestly it was just like Tony to pick the one sick kid. He hadn’t wanted to say anything to Tony because he still needed to act as though he was truly trying.
She was so grateful.
“Sorry.”
“Don’t you think there’s something wonderful about a man with scars,” she addressed toward her sister.
“Sorry,” Marley announced.
“I’m happy I swear. I don’t know why…why I can’t stop crying,” he hiccupped. A broken laugh escaped his lips. “Never thought I’d want to be a father because I thought I’d always be one like my old man, but with Miles…I just…It may be selfish, but I want him to be my son and I want to do right by him as a father like mine never did.”
“I already know what I want to do,” Bekah said. “I always wanted to see an impact on a global scale. The army did that for me. So when I am discharged I am applying to be in the Peace Corps.”
“Yes.”
“Okay,” Tony whispered afraid to break this glow of relief and safety. “I promise.”
Natasha stopped him by raising a hand. She shook her head twice and let out a heavy exhale. “No, you don’t speak. You don’t make excuses. Nothing can excuse you from leaving Tony again after you
“Come on Steve in and out. Match my breaths,” Natasha instructed.
He was tired of feeling like he was dying. He spent too long feeling that way.
He didn’t know exactly what he wanted, but it wasn’t this. He had spent most of his life trying to stay out of unhealthy relationships. His relationship with the Avengers was the epitome of an unhealthy relationship (at least according to Pepper) and he shouldn’t want to go back. He shouldn’t want Steve to tell him about how much he messed up. He shouldn’t want Clint to yell at him for breaking up him and his family. He shouldn’t want them to blame him.
The memory coldly circulated in his mind as he tried paying attention to the news. He only managed to focus on it because they were mentioning the Avengers’ return to America.
“You said you wouldn’t say anything,” the boy said all of a sudden tired.
“My question to you is why you are settling on the what, instead of the why. Seems like a curious genius like yourself would want to ask more questions. I assume, that I unfortunately fell right into your trap, which made me give a verbal confession. Of course I know, if that is all you came for you would have hightailed it out of here as soon as I revealed myself.”
“Just calling to make sure you were safe,” Steve said sounding as though he had just finished running. Who knows taking into consideration this was Steve he was talking to, he probably did just finish running.
“Well, do you feel like being my first customer for the day?” Jaime questioned holding up three rings.
“Damn, Pep. How is it that my girl is taking orders from Pepper? What has the world come to?” Tony bemoaned. “Anyways…movie?”
“No!” Steve shouted. “No, no, no.”
Ryder tsked in the back of his throat.
“Down,” Miriam said through clenched teeth.
All three of them nodded, a grim determination taking all of their features. They began walking outside to get in the quinjet and head toward the hospital. Each were undergoing a greater inner turmoil that they couldn’t voice…not yet.
“I want you to promise me, but also…” Tony bit his lip and looked to the side of the room, narrowing his eyes like he was training them not to betray him and release the waterworks.
“I’m not upset over that,” Ryder mumbled over his breathe, his eyes trained to something over Tony’s head.
He made sure everything was in its place, when he heard footsteps behind him. Immediately he straightened his shoulders and turned to Tony who was sluggishly walking into the kitchen. Tony’s eyed widened upon seeing the meal laid out before him. He shook his head as though trying to wake himself up.
“Just wanting to help, but you can help with me. They’re trained for this,” Pepper said sharing a look with Peter. There was something to her look that Steve couldn’t decipher, but it seemed to make Peter pause.
Tony’s eyes fluttered, half from tiredness and half from a little curl of adoration licking up against his heart.
“Then why didn’t you trust us with this,” Peter said, eyes blinking rapidly.
“It does gain our attention, when these civilian affairs are interwoven into our own,” Steve gritted out.
He knew when Ryder was growing agitated. He would make a clicking noise with his tongue against the back of his teeth.
“Because this,” he grabs Tony’s hand and places it on his heart, “will forever be yours and I hope one day yours can be mine. And when I have that completely, I’m never letting you go.”
He felt minutes pass and no one came. He cried openly for what felt like the first time in forever. No one was here so he could just do so. The cries came forth with such intense force that it was too much for Tony’s body to handle. It didn’t have enough strength for the painful sobs that Tony was exerting. Tony whimpered, not able to sob any more loudly.
“Yeah, I think the hardest part was admitting I was wrong. But after Natasha gave me some helpful hints,” Clint added unconsciously rubbing his shoulder, “I realized that I needed to confess my own wrongdoings and admit them to Laura.”
“So what he’s a momma’s boy?” Karen said, feeling the need to defend her sexy firefighter, with whom she never got the chance to date.
“And what are you trying to imply?” Isak said, mouth pursing into a thin line. “What is the meaning of dredging up this painful history? Do you wish to cause me to go down memory lane of one of the most awful instances of my life?”
“Will you marry me?” Steve said, voice cracking softly with nervousness.
Tony opened his mouth to tell her that he was off the market. Unfortunately, Miles had other plans.
Steve began to read part of the official police report. It detailed:
Tony froze in his spot and opened his mouth. He had completely forgotten that Ryder was coming home that not. After everything with Steve talking to him in his lab, Ryder coming home had been the last though in his mind.
Steve sighed out of relief, when he made his way back to the kitchen. He took a few moments to himself and smiled. Today had gone a whole lot better than he ever imagined and he imagined things could only get better…hopefully.
“Shit,” he whispered to himself.
“Same. I know you think I’m amazing, but even four board meetings got me tuckered out,” Pepper said. “But maybe I’ll come by tomorrow, okay?”
“Look Stark. He has a wife and kids, both of whom know that he is in SHIELD custody. If he goes missing, the first person they are going to point fingers toward us. Now we can’t really afford to go through a scandal like this.”
Cali shook her head. “No one touched you. You can ummm check, if you want. Or I can check for you.”
“No, I’m sorry I mean I am sure Ryder will eventually come into fatherhood. You just have to be patient with him. Some are just slower on the journey.”
“So how’s school going,” Tony questioned Peter. “That Mr. Heinzelman isn’t giving you any problems in class anymore, right?”
“But with Ryder he’s silent,” Rhodey suggested knowing where Pepper was going.
“Yeah, I hope so.”
I am not going to drag on Tony being "missing" for long! Hold onto that for comfort. Now I go to run off in a corner and hide until next update.
Pepper let the information sit. “So I’ll see if anyone else knew anything and make some calls. Maybe some guests there knew of them.”
“You’re always so good for me. I love how you trust me so easily, trust me to take care of you,” Ryder whispered into his neck.
He tried to explain.
If he had stayed just a second later, he would have heard Steve say, “I will.”
“Hilarious Peter. I do have a concept of time. If you think, I’m in there too long just grab me,” Tony explained. “Or have FRIDAY alert me.”
“Okay, and should I pay you now?” Steve said already reaching for his wallet.
“Come on Tony. I know you can do it. Breathing that hard has to be tiring, right? Yeah, I know so try to match mine okay. In and hold it. Out,” Steve breathed. “Come on Tony.”
“You going to adopt him too?” Ryder asked.
“Tony you were more than good enough for me. At the end of the day, I just wasn’t strong enough to constantly worry about whether you were coming home to me or not. Besides you and I agreed we work well as friends that doesn’t mean my love goes away, it just alters its form,” Pepper exclaimed. “So don’t you ever say you aren’t good enough.”
“You know this is very romantic what Steve is doing for Tony,” Sam said, pushing the cooler to the side of the table.
Peter grabbed his backpack as the only thing he wanted on his person at the moment. As Steve started the car, Peter reached into the front pocket of his backpack and pulled out a silver encased box, perfectly wrapped in intricate designs and fine silk wrapping itself in a bow around it.
“I’m sure if you had no one would blame you,” Rhodey inserted. “But yeah this has been really nice especially since I’m finally off of the leg brace.”
Tony thought to himself.
Miles’ lips began to quiver at this and Tony wondered what he had said, before Miles began letting out large bawling sobs. Tony quickly brought him closer to his chest and rubbed his back soothingly.
Ryder leaned forward and rocked his body down against Tony’s. He pressed forward and Tony felt the reactor press into parts of his body that it wasn’t intended to be near.
Steve scratched the back of his necks. “Yeah, I guess like you I came to my senses. Plus Isa’s explanation left no room for disagreement. I would have been a fool to deny the pros of signing the Accords.”
“Hi?” Tony said confusedly, stepping a little closer. “I didn’t miss a birthday or something, did I? Your birthday already passed and crap…no our anniversary was three months ago? Wait…Steve I knew I’d forget something.”
Natasha chewed at her lip and looked toward Tony. Tony stared at her and battled with what he was going to say next. He knew what he wanted, but he didn’t know if he should. Besides did he want to be disappointed with her answer?
Tony’s eyes fell shut.
Steve’s heart sank. He didn’t know how bad it was with Ryder, but Miles had once said Mr. Mean Bad One had made Tony cry and Steve’s thoughts were immediately going to the worst things possible .He hoped that his fears weren’t valid.
“That’s incredibly selfish of you,” Bucky muttered.
“We’ll make her,” Steve rasped. “Ready?”
“What did you say?” Steve said. “Because I’m not quite sure I heard you right.”
“You look like the guy who’s always sorry for something,” the boy honestly replied. “I don’t like those guys. Jack is one of those guys.”
Bucky, whistled lowly and then said, “Shit.”
Tony smiled, the expression lost in his eyes. “So you won’t be saddled up with someone that is broken like me, some fragmented piece of whatever the heck I am. It was your job to find a member of your team, mission succeeded. You don’t have to be nice to me.”
Tony could only smile in response, gently knocking his foot against Steve’s ankle. Steve responded in kind, hooking his leg with Tony and pulling him slightly forward.
“You, you were at the park that day. What did you say to my son?” Tony demanded trying to sit up, but was held back by Miriam.
“Lead the way Cap,” Tony entreated.
“Oh, right of course. I forgot that Tony used to take him. Well that is awfully kind of you Rogers. Look I am heading out in about thirty minutes. How about we save some gas and just ride back together, since we’re all heading back to the same place,” Ryder offered smiling easily.
“He hopes so because he loves him,” Clint said to Bucky. “We all realized that when Steve started bringing Tony lunch to his lab.”
Steve turned bright red. “Like as a brother in arms.”
“If I had known you responded so well to other people, I would have done this sooner,” Ryder laughed all of a sudden turning behind him.
“Well Barton one of the benefits of the Accords is that we will be able to protect your family and friends,” Tony began, fingers moving to his chest, a habit he just still couldn’t break off. “It will make sure that those closet to you will be offered safety in the chance of something going wrong. It will also make sure that your family is not indicted on any charges if you-”
“Tony did leave.”
“Which is terrifying, Steve. It terrifies me that he could have the ability to take me back to that hotel room, take me away from you all and…” Tony cut off there and his breath hitched in his throat.
Their hands clasped together and Steve’s thumb rubbed against the skin between Tony’s pointer finger and thumb. Tony shivered at the touch and brought his hand down. Steve took the hand back and nervously rubbed the back of his neck.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“You drive a hard bargain. But sold,” Tony announced. “Alright when are these old money sucking geezers coming in?”
With Peter listening to his music and focusing on his homework he didn’t realize Ryder coming into the kitchen. Ryder settled his briefcase softly by the table and looked at the two of them. Peter was bouncing his head up and down to the music.
Winston gasped loudly as Ryder bit at his skin and Tony shook his head. Ryder guided Winston’s hand to the bottom of Tony’s stomach. Tony’s stomach tensed under the pressure there. Ryder smiled against Winston’s neck.
“And who’s to say I want to be in this competition?” Tony questioned, but still leaned forward a little bit. “I want the red and gold Lego blocks.”
“What’s wrong? You’ve been here at the most an hour and a half and you’re already having a problem. Are you still feeling bad about the treatments not working?” Tony asked worriedly. “If so I can get a few doctors that I know and see if they can pull their heads together. Bruce is here and he’s brilliant.”
“And whose fault is that, might I ask? I know you have the answer,” Isak explained crossing his arms over his chest. “Eva you will not have to prepare an additional plate for our guest. He is leaving.”
. The disappointment on his eyes when Ryder kissed away those broken whispers of Steve was awe inspiring,” Miriam moaned.
Y'all this chapter physically drained me. So after this Chapter 5 is going to be the fluffiest thing, fluffier than cotton candy because...well just read and you'll see why.
“What’s wrong?”
Steve blinked slowly. “Yeah, I know.”
“Bull shit,” Bucky broke off.
Natasha raised an unimpressed brow at him.
“You don’t have anything to apologize for Tony,” Steve told him. “It’s okay. I should have asked.”
Peter held up a finger.
Steve had wanted to ask, but was unsure whether he wanted the answer. Thankfully, Cali saw through him. She stared over Steve’s shoulder and slumped forward as though trying to make herself appear smaller.
“Then why did you say you were going to the movies with Michelle?”
Tony tensed slightly, before the tension eased off his shoulders and a soft smile lit up his expression. He placed the StarkPad down in favor of looking at Steve fully, who by then had stepped closer into the bedroom and was now near the foot of the bed.
“You have seen nothing because there is nothing to show.”
A soft smile lit her features as she toyed with the blanket resting on her lap. “I’m doing much better. Everything that Tony has done for me has been so beneficial that I may leave here healthier than I’ve ever been.”
Harley shrugged. “Nothing…I mean look you’ve known Mr. Stark long right?”
Ryder had soothed the space between his brows, forced a pill between his lips and told him to swallow. Tony woke up disoriented and his limbs wouldn’t move at his own command.
“Excuse me what?” Tony chortled looking at May’s tired face.
These thoughts traveled through his mind as they entered S.H.I.E.L.D. everyone was still a little wary of placing themselves in this building, but they had nowhere else to go.
“I haven’t. I swear Ryder,” Tony whispered, greatly fearing what Ryder could do with his imagination.
He had the thought that maybe he should be terrified by this admittance, but he couldn’t say he was. The only person he had ever felt this way about was Peggy and even then in many ways his love for Tony outmatched his love for Peggy. It was different loves for different times and he appreciated both the same. However, with Tony there was just this fiery need to be beside him and allow himself to freely experience this feeling.
He took his shirt off and then Tony’s. He wasn’t sure how Tony would handle water right now, so he grabbed a washcloth and sat Tony atop of his bath counter. Tony’s head lolled to rest on top of Steve’s shoulder.
Harley had become silent and whenever he talked his words were laced with anger. It seemed he displaced his anger at Ryder to anyone who dared say something to him. So Steve had taken to training Harley so he could exert some energy. After Harley’s body loosened some of his tension, he would leave to visit his mom. Then he would come back to the tower and sullenly lock himself up in his room.
Natasha looked apologetically at him. “No, it was circling around an area and then it just disappeared.”
Even thinking about it now had him remembering just how cold he felt. “And I could never get warm. I tried everything. I tried those electric blankets. I tried increasing the heat in my room. Nothing worked. I then figured it was penance for leaving Bucky, for having not caught him on that train.”
Ryder smiled softly. “Of course. There’s no rush, the food will still be here.”
Steve cleared his throat and placed the ring back in the box. He tied up the silk into a bow again and set it inside his gift bag that he had made for Tony.
“Oh, Miriam please stop. I’m sure Steve doesn’t want to hear all that,” Ryder whispered abashedly, averting his eyes back to the document he was signing.
“Good night Tony sweet dreams,” Steve said.
“I don’t have time to be fucking angry. I don’t have time. Because every time and then Rogers will see me as some unforgiving asshole. I mean how can the Merchant of Death not forgive someone who was fucking brainwashed, huh? How can the Merchant of Death be holier than thou?”
A Lego block was promptly thrown at Clint’s head.
“You will love me and then finally you’ll know how it feels to love someone that destroys you,” Ryder growled as he finally stood up from his spot on Tony’s body. “Hold him. And this Tony is where the fun begins.”
He did this a few more times, before Miles started laughing. Tony turned shocked eyes to Bucky who was looking on with amusement.
“You haven’t been here long,” Steve said trying to calm down the boy. “We can stay a little longer.”
Miles looked at Peter who was still focused on his sheet and timidly leapt out and went toward the offered snacks. Ryder conveniently poured the orange bubble gum balls into his small hands.
“And what was that?”
He hadn’t noticed until now, but all three of them were laughing. Karen’s face was bright with joy and she waved at the two.
Steve moved aside and let Tony take center. Crossing his arms over his chest, Steve whispered to Tony, “It’s okay if you miss. I’m pretty sure Jaime is secretly moving the bottles.”
Peter stared as Steve fell into the touch and any remaining tension was lost. Bucky himself had lost the coldness around his eyes as he listened to Tony’s ramblings, with little input from Bruce about how he couldn’t put donut makers in Bucky’s arm.
Tony stood up, staggering on his feet. He grabbed onto Rene first pushing her face down into the water and then pulling her up and throwing her body into Jack’s. Jack fell back with the impact and narrowed his eyes at Tony.
“You’re right I didn’t do what I did to protect you. I did it to protect me. I was tired of feeling out of control in a space where I was supposed to be the leader. I was tired of not being enough and when I found Bucky I thought finally I can make things right again,” Steve explained finally looking to Tony once the last piece of glass had been taken out.
Miles at this time had woken up in Tony’s arm and leaned forward. He narrowed his eyes in a fashion that Rhodey recalled as
Miles smiled brightly. “Think so baba?”
“I figured. All of us saw your face, when you came in. Ryder told us about this, but we didn’t want to spoil it for you. We should’ve at least warned you, after we arrived here.  I’m sorry,” Steve said his voice deep with apology.
Natasha closed the door behind her and stepped inside. “Sam, it’s courteous that I even came through the front door.”
“It’s okay. It’s okay to let go. Besides I promised you more didn’t I? And don’t you know I’ll give you more. So it’s okay to let go sweetheart. Let go for me,” Steve said, quickening his movement inside of Tony and on his cock.
Tony’s eyes began to blur and he felt the air slowly begin to leave his chest. He hadn’t had an attack like this since…He had moved on. He had went to his appointments and he was done. He shouldn’t be brought back down to this dark place because of some questions. He could keep this together.
“Okay, momma. Want to play with my beach ball?” Diana asked looking at Miles.
Tony pouted. “That’s not fair.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I feel like we need to have curfew for our resident geniuses,” Steve said coming around Tony. “Morning sweetheart.”
Steve did both things and continued following Bucky’s instructions seeing as though Bucky clearly knew more than he did. He also told himself he really didn’t want to give Tony or anyone else food poisoning. That would not be a good start to his plan of courting Tony. Nothing said I love you more than food poisoning.
Harry left and the rest of them resumed eating without much conversation. Once they were done, Harry came to them with the receipt.
“Come on bambino it is time to get up and get dressed,” Tony instructed pulling at the covers.
As soon as Tony left the room, Isa was going to give these people a reality check and give them all hell.
“No.”
Pepper shrugged not really caring to fix her mistake with the former teammates’ statement. She turned toward Rhodey who came beside her. Rhodey smiled brightly at Tony and engulfed him in a hug.
“The best baba,” Miles said. “I was very good. Aunt Pepper gave me lots of stickers, but I didn’t really want stickers. I wanted you, but Aunt Pepper said I can show you the stickers when you got home. I’ve gots lots of ‘em now! I’m gonna show you all of them. You can put them on your superhero suit baba.”
Tony wiped his face. He didn’t want his face to be so close to Steve’s chest, when he began talking about the next part where things started changing. He situated himself so that his face was lying down on Steve’s lap. Steve went back to running his hands through his hair. Tony allowed himself a few more seconds of this, before he closed his eyes.
“One, he just met his momma two years ago. Second, they’re not related. Third, did you not take to notice how she ate that banana in front of him and then he fed her some of his spaghetti.”
“Ah, you love me. I know how to hear the truth behind your lies,” Karen joked.
“We know,” Bruce calmly asserted. “We know. Everything he said was a lie.”
Steve was certain he would be destroyed, if Helen would say yes. He detached his gaze from Clint to look back at Helen.
“Steve would probably wait for you and probably try making it special,” Ryder announced. “He would make you comfortable. He would lay you down slowly onto the bed and his body would quickly follow.”
As the photographer walked away, Tony wiped at his temple trying to get rid of the wetness Ryder had left. Tony continued playing up his Stark persona going around with Ryder. He merely only did this to ensure nothing got printed. He had to know that Miles would be seeing everything now and when he got older he at least wanted to start moderating how he was portrayed…though most of it wasn’t his fault how the media smeared his name during his teenager years and the years following his parents’ death.
He was glad those mirrors were only one way.
Diana looked at Miles and contemplated whether she really wanted to play with someone so young. Since there weren’t too many kids on the playground she agreed.
Tony looked down at him, knowing that with the right twist of his hips he could completely unravel Steve’s hopes of going slow. They could save that for the last one, but right now he was in charge and if Tony’s hips were determined to grind downward in a quick pace that Steve couldn’t help but chase…well Tony was always a strong competitor.
At exactly an hour, FRIDAY’s voice alerted them of a guest waiting outside. Thor’s loud boisterous voice echoed the sentiment, “Aye she is here. Shall I permit her to enter?”
Tony struggled for breath against a broken rib. He coughed and felt a piercing pain in his chest. He looked down to see Ryder’s hand pressed firmly against the reactor. Tony surged forward, attempting to throw Ryder off of him. Ryder only tightened his thighs that encompassed Tony’s waist.
Steve continued running his hand over
He remembered how it had been returned to him the night of the gala with that piece of paper behind. The words from the note had left him short of breath and had given him the added incentive for what he had to do.
“And you had to yell to say that?” Steve made a look at Bucky. “I fail to see the problem here. We’re putting it in the skillet to make it unfrozen Bucky.”
“I am trying to change my reactions to you.”
“I should have done this a long time ago. I forgot how beautiful it is to render someone such as yourself completely still and silent,” Ryder announced into his mouth. “Such a power in getting someone like you to be quiet.”
“What?” Bucky rasped surprised.
Ryder chocked out a sound of pain, before he realized his mistake and moaned lecherously at him. Steve immediately brought his hand back and pressed at the jugular of Ryder watching as his throat spasmed and Ryder’s eyes flickered open and shut.
Next chapter we have a surprise. I think you all want a trip to Norway, yes?
Her sentence was cut off as Steve tightened the grasp on Miriam’s neck. This only served to amuse Miriam as she huffed out sharp breaths. Steve’s eyes, alight with anger, rested at the spot between Miriam’s eyebrows.
Karen’s eyes widened. “Tony. I’m not sure…”
“He’d tell us right?” Pepper asked worriedly. “Like if something was wrong.”
He mulled over this and remained in there for a few more minutes coming to the conclusion that while he hadn’t been able to articulate perfectly what he wanted, he finally knew what he needed to do. He needed to stop thinking of Tony as a brother that could be removed from the family like some twice removed cousin. He was family and he would remain that way. Clint just had to treat him like such.
“You lying again baba,” Miles accused. “You lie. Where are you baba?”
“You watch this?” Steve said, but secretly wanting to know if Tony’s offer had been genuine. He would gladly watch this show with all these girls crying and discussing their family vacation, if it meant more time with Tony.
It had been two weeks, since Tony caved and asked FRIDAY to tell him what happened to Ryder.
Steve nodded as if seriously considering this. “Of course I’m on a time frame. How many do you think I can pull out of you tonight? Want to break a record and try five? I’m feeling extra generous and a little pent up, since we haven’t had a moment to ourselves in a bit.”
“Hey Tones man look at me.”
Miles smiled toothily at him and then stretched his arms out to Harley. Harley easily took him from Steve. Looking at the two super soldiers cooking, Harley inspected the meal and turned his eyes upward to Steve.
“I know you haven’t broken up with Ryder yet, but I really want to kiss you,” Steve muttered under his breath as though ashamed of his admission.
“Yes, Fury now what do I owe the pleasure of having you call me on this fine evening,” he said, while making a funny face to the girls.
Part of Steve wanted to cover the kids’ eyes.
The ease that he said he would never leave Tony, made a little bit of tension fall from Tony’s posture. He slowly offered him a sigh of relief.
Tony chewed on it and swallowed. “Ryder.”
-Brixon
Jaime raised his eyebrows. “Apparently this game requires a lot of it Mr. Stark.”
Tony followed Miles’ instructions and the two continued coloring, until Tony noticed nearly an hour had passed and he remembered Karen needed him to go to her office to tell her it was time to start putting decorations up.
He sneezed.
Bucky nodded in agreeance. “For once I agree with Sam. Look Steve.”
“Why?” Tony repeated, this time more firmly.
“And…I’m not seeing what’s wrong about that. I’m making sure my son is healthy,” Tony said, heading to the conference table.
“No,” Steve growled, standing even taller over the man. “How many times has Tony asked or pleaded for you to do something and you didn’t.”
“Jeg burde ikke ha igjen med ham. Hvorfor skulle han gjøre dette til meg?” he cried, sniffing.
Tony frowned and looked at Peter, before going back to watching Miles. “I thought that things were getting better?”
“I didn’t,” he said grabbing Miles from the play pen and walking back over to his work station.
And then she was gone, way before Steve was able to fully comprehend everything that she had told him.
Miles looked at Tony and rolled his eyes. “Mr. Steve loves you. Mr. Mean Bad One makes you cry baba. I hate him.”
Steve looked around his room, searching for something. Once his eyes found what he was looking for, he let out a relieved sigh. Grabbing the necklace in his hand, he turned it over revealing the inscription that was left behind. He ran his index finger over the smooth groves of the necklace and packed it away into his pockets.
…Tony closed his eyes and slept.
“I don’t know where this place is. Ryder doesn’t allow any of us to know where we are. He only has one trusted driver…or he did. But I think I can help you in finding someone who does. Of course in exchange for my sister,” Cali said.
“Is it because of Steve? Is that why you said no to my proposal and had me end the party. Because you were fucking him?” Ryder softly said looking down into Tony’s eyes.
“And I knew it wasn’t healthy. I kept coming here, because I wasn’t ready to say goodbye even though I told everyone I was done. Healed even. But you were the only one who knew how much you actually hurt me and I wish sometimes that I could have done more to make you feel just a semblance of pain I felt.”
“I’m upset because my boyfriend’s been basically whoring himself out to the next available person, while I’ve been away,” Ryder hissed snapping his eyes to Tony.
Miles looked up to him confused. “That’s Mr. Mean Bad One. I already said that Peter,” Miles exasperatedly said as though he had repeated this on many occasions.
He hummed softly, closing his eyes and feeling the weight of Tony’s body on him center himself.
Pepper slumped forward. “I swear. No one is good at this.”
None of the agents had said anything to them. They only offered short nods and hesitant smiles. Steve tried offering one of his own back. When an agent grimaced in response and quickly walked off, he figured that his smile was less to be desired.
Suddenly, Harley came into view eyes bright with anger and glistening with tears. “Fuck you! Fuck all of you and this whole damn hospital institution!” He directed it toward the doctor who was following him. “I’m ready to go.”
Tony’s heart thundered in his chest as he realized that he had no control over his body. He thought that he could move his lips and bite Ryder in response. He imagined himself doing so, but when Ryder kept pushing his tongue forward Tony realized he couldn’t. Ryder used his fingers to part Tony’s lips and whispered against them.
Tony stopped breathing.
spoken to like a child who
“Ready?” Steve said, leaning over and mouthing at Tony’s neck.
“I wonder how many bottles we can get before you’re fully incoherent. Winston was able to have his fun, but a pretty thing like you I’d think I’d like to have a piece as well. Ryder doesn’t have to know,” Miriam said taking a swig of the drink before pouring some down Tony’s throat.
“Yes, Cali,” Tony said leaning against the door.
Steve looked hesitant to leave the room, but decided he may need to reevaluate his tactics. After all most of the things he wanted to do to Ryder was thrown out of the window, when Fury had warned him he couldn’t leave a mark on the guy…at least not until they did not have a coerced statement where he revealed that he was Ryder, leader of the CMPNY and kidnapper, abuser, and attempted murderer of Tony Stark.
“I can’t say that it wouldn’t bother me that you wouldn’t want to talk to us, but at the end of the day this concerns you. And if you don’t think that telling us will make you feel better…or help you recover then you don’t have to tell us in order to appease our wanting to know what happened to you.”
He opened his eyes to mouth a thank you to Steve who had returned to putting away groceries. Steve mouthed you’re welcome. Moments later the two returned to putting away groceries and Tony made sure that this time Miles stayed either attached to his hip or seated at the kitchen table. Once the two were satisfied with the placement of the groceries, Tony made a quick lunch for them.
, so let’s see if she’ll move on from that,” Karen joked.
“Well this has turned out lovely as always,” Pepper greeted kissing him on the cheek. “And it is nice to see that your former teammates are here.”
Cali tried helping him with stuff like this. She told him Ryder wasn’t forcing himself on him, mainly because Ryder wanted Tony to willingly come to him…not because he actually cared for Tony’s consent, but rather he wanted Tony to finally relinquish control of his body and hand it over to Ryder. Ryder assumed getting Tony to finally say yes would be him receiving the last remaining power that Tony had left.
“I have an amazing life. Amazing family. And part of me delights in the fact that every single “good” thing you’ve done has been tarnished on this side of the living. All your research, charity work, anything good you’ve ever pretended to be has been destroyed,” Tony said, a laugh curling up in his throat.
“Hi, this is Ryder I was just calling to see if you were near Tony by any chance,” Ryder rushed out. “I’ve been trying to call him and he hasn’t picked up any of my calls.”
“Alright, let’s hurry. Natasha and Clint can be judges,” Bruce offered already taking apart his, Wanda’s and Vision’s building.
“I wish you wouldn’t talk to me that way,” Ryder bemoaned. He roughly leaned over and began to put Tony’s pants on, before throwing him back on the bed. “But since you want to talk back and think that I’m just some mean person…I’ll show you just how spiteful I can get.”
“Oh, and Aunt Pepper and Uncle Rhodey took me to the aquarium. There were lots of fishes-”
“Ah, it’s fine,” Peter said though wanting to argue that it really wasn’t. “Just know he can’t eat oranges or anything hard and spherical. It’s easy for them to accidentally choke on things like that. I can write down all the things he can’t eat, if that would make things easier for you? I know Tony used to have those things written on the refrigerator, but it looks like someone removed it. Probably because everyone’s had it memorized by now.”
“Steve, how many times must I tell you to call me Bekah? Surely, you don’t want to upset a patient,” Bekah addressed. “Now sit down you’re making my neck hurt having to look up at you. Goodness, just built like a tree. Trust me, if I weren’t married…”
“Come in.”
“I don’t,” Steve bit out, before he was even able to
Bucky shook his head. “No way. Come on between the two of us and our skill set we should be able to face off Natasha and a group of little girls.”
It had been four hours since they had went back to the tower. Natasha was still at Karen’s and Tony still hadn’t made it back to the tower. The only ones there were Bucky, Clint, and Steve. Steve had been arguing with Clint over what to watch for the last fifteen minutes or so. Bucky sat on the couch watching the two of them argue.
“As you all know this Gala is meant to allow those within our line of work to come together, have a good time, enjoy some entertainment, and raise money for the Maria Stark Foundation. For those new here the money going toward programs that help orphanages, give resources to underprivileged areas, improve the education of all children, and more. So thank you all for joining me for another year.”
Cool wind caressed Pepper’s cheek and she closed her eyes to bask in it. “This trip has been a welcome relief. Seriously, I think I was going to go lose my mind, if I had to keep entertaining those business investors in London. Half of them still question Tony’s capability to run the company. I almost accidentally tripped one.”
“But you have to eat so you can be big and strong,” Natasha noted. “See?” She picked up a carrot and bit into it. “Yum.”
Steve breathed out harshly, turning away for a second to discreetly send out a group text message. He had been so close to potentially stopping Tony from going back to Ryder. If only he had stayed at the door, until he came out. Or he should’ve called his phone and urged him to come outside. He should have done something, maybe then he wouldn’t have suffered so much.
“You know Tony cried for you, when I got him to the state of drunken bliss. Kept moaning for his precious Steve to come.
“I can fault you for everything!”
Now was not the time.
“I always knew what you wanted,” Ryder yelled, eyes growing wide with fury. His mouth was also taut with unrestrained anger at the way Tony was getting vocal with him.
Tony waved his hand in the air, “Oh there’s not much left. Just wanted to say a special thank you shout out to the man of the hour, MVP of my heart, apple of me eye, the one who’s managed to give me the most satisfying orga-”
Tony swatted at his chest playfully. “You are such an animal Rogers.”
“Don’t let Clint get to you Tony,” Steve had said.
Steve allowed Tony a moment, before saying, “It’s okay sweetheart. I’m here, you don’t have to hide anything from me Tony. I know whatever it is still hurts you. If you want to take some time, before talking we can stop here.”
The two remained silent. Pepper picked up the book she had been reading in hopes of taking her mind off of the real reason they had taken a whole month vacation. Sure, she was always up for spending more time with her family and it had been nice. It was much needed as well. Also she knew that Tony needed some time away from the tower, after Steve’s departure.
The only way he could tell that the days were steadily passing was when Ryder would come in wearing different outfits. However, sometimes he didn’t’ come and Tony was lost. He didn’t remember how long he had been gone.
“The winner is the colorful one!” Miles shouted excitedly.
Because all of a sudden came the clarity that Tony had been waiting for. He wanted this…this safety, Steve, his family for all the years he would have left blessed on this world. And so he raised his hand and swiped a thumb across Steve’s cheek brushing back the wetness and the dirt that had collected there.
Tony snatched his hands away from Karen. “Ah, nope, nope, and nope. Stop it. I refuse to hear anymore. And I did a background check with him and he had an underground dog circus ring. So like you’re welcome.”
“And then she told me how she didn’t want me near the kids and all this other mess. And I get it. I really do. I told her I had retired then I wind up in all of this giant mess,” Clint groaned. “I tried explaining it to her, but she keeps telling me reasons why I should have stayed. And her reasons make sense.”
“You don’t have to talk about it, but…I just…I’ve thought about it and I can’t figure out why you didn’t come to us before and tell us about Ryder. I mean I know that abusers can manipulate you into making it seem like you shouldn’t tell anyone. But why didn’t you come to Rhodey and I when he did something to you the first time? Did we do something to make it seem like you couldn’t come to us with something like this,” Pepper inquired.
Tony clenched his jaw so hard he was afraid his teeth would crush at the pressure. Ryder turned to him easily.
At Fury’s silence, Tony knew that there wasn’t.
“Do you trust me?”
Ryder looked up from where he was holding himself up and winked. “Ah, now there’s a little bit of intelligence underneath that golden smile.”
“But I have Ryder? I can’t let him do this, when I’m still dating Ryder, right FRI?”
Tony drew back as though Steve had slapped him. Steve felt an emptiness begin to settle into his body. It was an emptiness that he hadn’t felt since he talked to Tony on the kitchen floor with what seemed so long ago. Tony shook his head.
He had for a moment honestly believed that Ryder was taking him to meet his parents. Then that moment was quickly gone, when he realized that the ride to the airport was much shorter than the ride that they were on.
Steve followed Tony wordlessly for a few minutes, before finally asking, “How?”
“Who are you?” Steve questioned looking at the women who had suddenly entered the room.
“I didn’t say that,” Clint gritted out trying to take the remote form Bucky’s metal arm.
Peter hadn’t seen the two interact until everything went down, so he really had nothing to compare to. However, Natasha would sometimes find herself reflecting on the closeness everyone else shared before things went down. Then she would quickly bring herself back and pretend as though she hadn’t said anything aloud to Peter.
“Who are you all?” Steve questioned, not even turning his gaze as he heard the door behind him shut and close. “And why did Ryder take Tony?”
Miles seemed to ponder on all of this and Tony wondered briefly if a child could understand this at his age. His fears were cast aside when Miles threw his arms around Tony’s neck.
“Aren’t you two coming in? I know Peter will be happy to see you two and Harley and Miles are always excited of course. I know we didn’t go to the bakery, but I think there may be some leftover cookies that Thor made, if you all were just craving something sweet.”
As it had been Clint and his team could never quite decide on what to do. Therefore, it had resulted in an almost incomplete building. Clint kept on insisting in adding some lasers to the Lego building, over Bruce’s protests and Wanda’s insistence that she would not.
“I would like for it to go into the rules that you cannot say yours is the best,” Sam announced.
“Peter and little strawberry?” Clint whispered to himself.
“Peter,” Tony laughed slightly. “Seriously, I am not going to come to your school and-”
“Your kid is adorable Tony.”
Ryder interrupted Tony’s statement with a harsh bite to his bottom lip. “Ah, now there’s the feistiness that I hate to love. You are certainly a picture of beauty, it is a shame that Steve didn’t realize what he had in front of him. Otherwise he probably would have found you sooner. Guess, you didn’t give him reason enough to look for you. Do you want to know how long it has been? How long they haven’t been looking for you?”
Tony reflects back to the night and remembers that he should have probably gotten something to eat. Rhodey had found a way to get FRIDAY to tell him when Tony wasn’t eating enough. Tony was still trying to find a way around this.
Ryder shrugged. “Don’t know. Don’t really care too much honestly. You may have lost it in the car with all that waving your hands angrily. Probably slipped off your wrist, didn’t seem like it was sized to good,” Ryder said and stuffed a piece of bacon into Tony’s mouth.
“Yeah, I better head out to,” Ned said. “It was nice meeting you.”
“Sure. That would be nice, if this wasn’t a dream,” Tony rasped. “But it is. Why…why are we talking so much? Other times you just come and I get a cheeseburger. I like those dreams. This one you both are sad. Need to…needa wake up and go to sleep and try again. Something’s wrong with this dream.”
Sighing, Tony tried maneuvering himself from underneath Steve’s hold. It was something short of a miracle that Steve didn’t wake up. Tony placed the arm that had been on his waist into the now empty space that he was leaving.
“Or we could just you know hide,” Clint offered.
Steve had sat beside him on the bed as he pulled the covers near Tony’s chin. Tony fell back into rest easily and Steve gratefully noticed the worry lines ease themselves out of Tony’s face as sleep welcomed him.
“Never again,” he promised reaching forward and tucking a stray curl behind Tony’s ear.
Just as he said that Peter walked in carrying Miles. Miles was stuffing a cookie into his mouth and Tony narrowed his eyes at Peter.
“Alright, I’m coming. I’m coming,” Steve said as he was dragged away by Harley who was insisting time was ticking. “Can I please kiss Tony goodbye.”
Not tonight.
Steve decided to put Harley out of his misery and actually offer some fatherly advice.
May smiled and adjusted the glasses on her face. “Okay, and you remember to call me if anything goes wrong. And I mean anything. I don’t care if it’s an allergic reaction, you call me.”
, Isa thought to herself.
“Ryder please,” Tony whispered this time a little more brokenly.
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” Steve said pulling down Tony’s pajama pants. He reached into the drawer and pulled out a bottle of lube. He looked down at it and noticed that it was growing low in its content.
“Thank you,” May said gratefully. “And I can pay you for watching him. Like for food and stuff.”
“I just…I feel like a lot of my youth was experienced with him around. I mean he was the first guy I ever slept with,” Tony whispered, not wanting to announce this to himself or even to Steve, but at this point of time things were just coming out and Tony couldn’t stop the stream of memories from suddenly pulling at his mind.
“Alright bambino. It’s time for you to go to sleep,” Tony told Miles as he handed Steve his bowl and leaned over to pick Miles up. Tony was eternally grateful for Steve’s coordination and his ability to carry many things at once because he was unsure if he could carry Miles and his dinner plate.
Steve narrowed his eyes. “And you believe him?”
“Steve talk to me. This is probably one of the rare times I am willing to have an open and honest conversation and share feelings. So seriously. Why don’t you want to sign?”
“There was a marathon. I merely suggested to Tony we could watch that, instead of him being holed up in his lab,” Natasha said. “But that’s not the point. I’m just saying I don’t think Ryder is the one for Tony.”
Tony frowned at Steve and tilted his head to the side making sure he was hearing things right.
“Aww you get to leave early and with Mr. Stark. So cool,” he whispered as he handed Peter his backpack.
“Look, you’re free to join us. I made a lot,” Steve told Ryder, though he wanted nothing more than to tell Ryder he was free to leave. In fact, he was encourage to leave.
People like Cali and Miriam didn’t deserve mercy.
Thanks again for all the support y'all. Appreciate the comments, kudos, and bookmarks. Have a wonderful Saturday :)
“Yes, like what are you even? Why are you the reason Mr. Stark isn’t here?”
“Oh, seems like he’s not going to be fully cooperative with us Cali. Syringe,” Miriam questioned holding out her hand. Cali reached into the suitcase and grabbed a needle.
Natasha walked in closing the door behind her. She sat across from Steve and pulled her knees to her chest. Neither of the two said anything to each other and just allowed for a few minutes of quietness to settle.
Eventually, groups had to be broken up and volunteers began to take their kids to their respective places. Steve had left Tony briefly to help assist in making sure the kids were in their appropriate meeting spot. Peter had handed Miles off to Tony as he went to go with the older kids who were preparing to have their own fun at the carnival free from the responsibilities of watching their kids.
“Yes, I’m going to take care of you until you get better bambino. Then you can come back here and play with your friends.”
“You can watch them play later okay. I promise,” Tony mumbled. Then looking down he realized that Miles had already fallen asleep on his shoulder. Tony tightened his grasp and looked to Steve. “Sorry, I need to put Miles to bed. Follow me?”
Isa had left nearly five hours ago and everyone had dispersed onto their own floors to go through the document. Steve knew that most of them would have it signed by the end of this week and Steve did not know how to exactly feel about that information. He wanted to talk to Bucky and see where his head was at and maybe persuade him back onto his side. But after everyone had dispersed, he couldn’t find Bucky. FRIDAY had mentioned he was still in the building so he wasn’t worried, but he didn’t want Isa’s explanations to be the last thing Bucky heard.
(See the end of the chapter for
I’ll try. Love you both. And Tony go back to sleep.
“Seems like it amplified the bad in me much more than the good,” Steve softy uttered to himself. “And I felt like I had to disprove that. Out of all the bad things that the serum had caused, the person who had the serum running in their blood had the ability to make it good. And it did for a while. But it caused this snowball effect.”
“I didn’t say I was going to bribe…but now that you mention it,” Tony easily joked.
“I’m not getting paid,” Winston answered back bringing Tony closer to him.
“Like on vacation? Wakanda wasn’t enough of a vacation for you,” Tony joked, eyes slightly dimming as he played with the fringes of his sweater.
“Would you be able to do that?” Clint questioned, looking at Wanda imploring.
Harley chuckled softly at Miles not correcting himself. He just knew Tony was going to have a lot with this one.
I may not be able to update next Saturday *tears* because I'll be traveling back home for break and then my week is just busy. So next update might come 3/17 or 3/18 depending on when my film project finishes wrapping up on set for that day.
“Me,” Steve softly said looking down at Tony. “I need to protect you from me.”
Tony was so weak from the lack of food, the patches, and the drink with the dissolved pill being forced on him that his body didn’t even resist to the push. Ryder watched as Tony’s body fell back against the bed.
Steve waited for Tony’s breathing to event out and a few more minutes to wait until he was actually truly asleep. Steve was thankful that Tony was a relatively hard sleeper, so he didn’t hear Steve’s breath pick up nor feel the slight change of their resting positions.
Rhodey wiped an imaginary tear from his eyes. “Pepper that was beautiful. Seriously, I wish I had recorded that.”
Tony let the bowl be lifted from his hands. He didn’t register Steve placing it on the table. His mind was on other things now.
“Come on your eyes are red and you can barely keep them open,” Steve said reaching over Miles sleeping body to close Tony’s eyelids. “Go to sleep.”
Steve took the box and slowly pulled apart the silk ribbon and opened the box. Once opened, the box had a soft melodic tune and inside the box was lit up with a light blue setting nicely on the pair of jewelry inside.
“Come on Tones get up baby,” Ryder quickly added on the endearment to make his words seem softer. “You’re going to get a crick in your neck with it hanging off of the couch like that.”
“Would you lower your voice please,” Tony whispered.
Finally, Ryder blinked his eyes open and saw that he was in a cell that was roughly 15x12. He felt caged in and he suspected everyone outside was watching him like an animal. His thoughts were confirmed when he saw Steve and his little band standing just outside his prison cells.
“I…” Steve uttered his eyes suddenly feeling heavy. He shook his head at Bucky and pursed his lips together.
“Just calling to make sure you were safe,” Steve said.
Sorry there was no update on Friday, I just kept re-writing this chapter. Anyways here's the result of all the rewrites lol. Please enjoy and see you next Saturday!
He fought with himself over whether it would be morally right to just end Ryder right now.
There were a few more voices that were muffled in the background. Steve’s voice traveled back in his ears.
Everyone continued talking and laughing over one another, not a moment of silence or sadness distorting the sense of calm or peace that had entered as morning broke through the tower. Tony’s eyes warmed as happy tears began to swell in his eyes. After so long, so many years of feeling loss, abandoned, and hurt-
Much love and adoration,
“What’s going on in that brilliant mind of yours?” Steve questioned.
The boy shrugged and stared at the ceiling. “But what should I have expected. The world doesn’t treat people, with the name Harley fucking Keener, fair.”
He tried holding in a sob, while his eyes were close. The pressure on his throat from holding in the sob did not ease up until his body succumbed to sleep.
Pepper waved the question away and motioned for Fury to continue talking. Fury nodded gratefully at her and pulled out a few packages.
Tony remained silent and let his hands grow limp in Steve’s. Tony had barely noticed that Steve continued to rub circles into his palm with his thumb.
“I did nothing…”
“Thanks Peter,” Tony whispered. “I…I really appreciate that.”
And when the fight was over and all of them were left standing those who had been snapped and those who had remained, Tony turned to Steve whose tired eyes found his own. With five easy strides he came beside Tony, his chest going up and down with staggering breaths. Tony swallowed, his own voice dry from the debris around him.
A few moments of silence passed between them and Tony wondered if he should tell them everything else. If he should tell him about Ryder. Rhodey had just told him not to shut him out, so maybe he should let them in. Tony struggled for a moment to breathe and debated internally, if this was the time to say something. Maybe if he had someone on the outside telling him to get out of this relationship and tell him he didn’t deserve this…that there were other people to fill the void of making Tony feel wanted and needed…
Tony’s breathing came in stuttered gasps, fingers clutching at the legs of his chair.
Steve’s heart went to his throat and his palms immediately grew sweaty. Okay, there was no putting this off anymore. It was just a gift and that’s all it had to mean. Steve just had to remind himself that. Just giving a gift to a friend.
After this, he’d be surprised if Steve wanted to stay. His mind battled with his heart and he wondered if he wanted to risk the chance of him revealing everything and having Steve leave. He didn’t know what he would do. He had gotten good at people leaving, but after Steve had left him in that tower that day he couldn’t stop to wonder what would happen if he left again.
[3] Hello, er det noe jeg kan hjelpe deg med: Is there something I can help you with?
At that moment all Steve wanted to do was lean his head down and press a kiss against Tony’s cheek. But he practiced his self-restraint.
“No, we haven’t done any of the sort. The house is still intact,” Steve smiled. Clint made kissing sounds behind him and Steve pushed him away.
“Have you gotten any more chances on finding the driver?”
They had all come to damn close to losing.
He distinctly heard a ringing go off on his StarkPad and ignored it thinking it was part of the game Miles was playing. So when Rhodey’s face immediately showed up on the screen before him his face immediately paled.
“First of all Miles is never going into my line of business. I’m already training him to be a professional artist. All those coloring books are a part of my master plan,” Tony admitted.
“Tony we’ve talked about this. I asked if you wanted to bring Miles, but you said you didn’t want to. I already told my parents we were coming.”
A smile rose on his face.
So why would he sit here and let Ryder destroy all that happiness. Sure, Ryder had been a source of happiness recently…but at what point does it become too much? And now he has all of
Captain America.
“I’m not a little spider and I’m not interrogating you. I am just asking questions. I’ve never met him so I don’t know him personally. And if you’re ignoring his calls it must’ve meant he did something for you not to answer any of his what…fifty calls.”
Tony tossed his head to the side and saw another patch had taken its spot on his leg. The previous purple one had begun to turn gray and now it seemed they needed another one. Tony tried pulling his arms, but again the hands on his wrist stayed firm.
“What does this have to do with why Tony was taken?” Steve said not really knowing why she was giving him this background information, but thankful all the less.
Steve watched as Tony’s chest seems to hiccup. It’s as though Tony is in a physical battle to make himself not cry. Steve observed, with a sinking horror, as Tony began to struggle for breath. His eyes glazed over and Steve let his grasp on him loosen. Tony without the weight of Steve holding him, nearly collapsed.
“Tony,” Natasha interrupted. “I would love to go to the orphanage with you and meet my little admirers, though I’m not certain there’s much to admire about me anymore.” She added the last bit to herself.
Shaking himself of those thoughts for a moment, he had to blink away the tears that were surfacing. Tony had to center himself back to where he was in this tiny makeshift fort where three of the most precious kids were still lying asleep.
“I love you so much that sometimes I feel like I can’t breathe because you’ve taken nearly all the air in my lungs. And it scares me,” Steve admitted. “It scares me because I never want to lose you. I’ve lost so many people in my life and I had gotten used to it, but now…”
“Come on Tony. You’re a smart man. Surely you know what you did wrong,” she questioned. “Again nothing?”
Ch. 40 will be an epilogue and will be updated in the end of April.
Another sharp turn and then darkness enveloped the two.
Steve was just about to enter the kitchen and maybe just start a casual conversation about this Peter kid, but was stopped by an added voice of Ryder.
“You ever think you might want to have some kids on your own or adopt?” Steve asked.
Tony winced at the word promise and Steve quickly took note of that.
Miles nodded his head eagerly. “Okay baba. No more cookies for me. Here Peter,” he said taking the rest of his cookie and holding it up to Peter’s mouth.
“I understand. I’ll make sure to tell them.” Natasha grinned.
Ryder’s chest heaved up and down and he pushed Tony away from himself, though not in a way that brought attention to himself. His body practically vibrated with fury and he felt the need to physically express his anger. A body came barreling into his. Before he could even remember that he was in the presence of others, his hand swung downward at the body.
“You don’t think I changed?” Ryder implored, pressing his foot on the gas a little more. “The years have treated me with favor and perhaps I have grown.”
“I don’t-”
“Shhh, go back to sleep. I’m just tired and my dreams aren’t being kind to me right now,” Tony said. “I’ll probably go fix some of that sleepy time tea and go into the kids’ room for a bit.”
“Your families will be protected. And even if you do not sign your family in particular will be protected. Tony has made sure of that.”
Natasha stared at hers and looked at Steve unknowingly. “I don’t know.”
“Know you’re probably down here because you couldn’t sleep so want to join us? I offer cookies and a cartoon show that will no doubt put you to sleep in a few minutes. Or it will merely agitate you so much with the whole waiting a minute to get the answer, when a kid the age of two knows the answer in five seconds. But they’re like where’s the apple. And I’m like it’s fucking,” Tony quickly looked down at Miles hoping he wouldn’t remember that word. Karen would kill him, when he brought back Miles cursing up a storm.
Steve shrugged a shoulder and pulled his body to the ground so he could sit down. Bucky followed the action and mirrored Tony’s position.
“How can you promise to be honest, but not tell me why you’re really leaving?”
“Love you,” Miles said wanting to get in on the goodbyes. “Love you,” he then directed toward Rhodey…though this love you sounded a bit unsure because he figured had still made his baba sad.
, Clint pressed his hand against Steve’s heart.
“I suppose that is one way to get me to stop talking about an element that is surely going to make everything-”
Steve growled, something deep and dark under his breath. His knuckles whitened with the tension that they were exerting. His eyes searched deep into Isak’s and he had no doubt within him whatsoever that this was Ryder.
You two aren’t funny.
“They’re not criminals.”
Tony looked back one more time before telling Happy. “I’m ready.”
He looked down and saw Tony. An apology was already forming on his lips, before Tony quickly and rather out of breathe interrupted him.
Bucky rammed his elbow into Steve’s ribs and Steve let out a gasp. Steve rolled over and stared at Bucky.
Isa smiled inwardly and handed a packet. “And then there was one. Steve I am pretty sure you have noticed by know that this is the best-”
Much love,
“But here we are with you still sitting in this chair. You got what you wanted. So how about you do the one thing you’ve been saying you’ve had the strength to do all the time.”
Nails scratched against the laughter coming out of Ryder’s throat. Foots were pressed against breaking ribs. Elbows were thrown into stomachs. Hands blindly grasped for purchase on shoulders for leverage to kick at the spot between Ryder’s legs. Teeth were bitten into the soft flesh of Tony’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s because we’re happy bambino,” Tony said pulling Miles’ into his lap. “Just really happy.”
“But baba,” Miles groaned.
He was screwed.
“Nope, you don’t get to do that. As a wounded patient I require you tell me what’s got you smiling like that,” Tony demanded.
“Fuck.”
“It’s hard living up to expectations,” Tony softly agreed.
“Yes, I think a lot of Midtown high schoolers are actually coming out to volunteer with setting up booths and everything. It’s a real nice way to give back to the community,” Michelle said. “Plus it may be the only time we actually get to go inside that winter park. Not too many of us can afford it.”
Karen raised her eyebrows at him. “And I’m sure he would never receive it.”
He allowed himself a few moments to gain back control of his thoughts and berate himself for even thinking of telling Rhodey about Ryder. It wasn’t a big deal.
He remained silent as Ryder took the keycard from the receptionist and slid her a 100 dollar bill asking for her discretion. Ryder didn’t want anyone to know Tony was here, including Tony. Tony had no clue where he was and his heart hammered in the back of his chest. He never did well in not knowing where he was. He looked at his surroundings and saw nothing that could give away where they were.
Ryder then began to act out the way Tony had pleaded with him.
“My shoe game is on point!”
“You were talking about meetings you have planned for the day,” Steve tried helping him get back on track, though his finger was now slowly pushing into Tony.
Steve woke up around 6 am, something that was never out of the ordinary. Early mornings were something of a habit for him. There was this little bit of consciousness that lingered at his mind, reminding him that his body didn’t need long hours of sleep to feel rejuvenated. There was something calming about having that set routine, knowing exactly what he was going to do for the day.
“Do you know anything about the CMPNY?” she said licking her lips. At Natasha’s and Steve’s blank expressions, she continued. “It was a group built in opposition to Hydra. CMPNY was founded by Howard Stark and Evon Clerak. Later Howard Stark was the main operator of the group. CMPNY existed mainly to study the restructuring of epigenetics in accordance to the serum. Howard wanted to see if there was a chance that people with the serum could have heritable changes in gene function without it changing their genetic code. So then you wouldn’t have to have people getting the serum, you would just have them passing down this trait.”
“Miles Morales!” Tony shouted more so from earth shattering terror rather than anger. His immediate response was to walk toward the refrigerator and reach his hands out to the boy. Unfortunately, his height did factor in and he just had to choose the refrigerator that was too tall.
Tony was about to say something, when May quickly asserted her piece. “Oh Christopher shut it. Don’t think we don’t remember when your son sent the whole school an unsavory video involving you and his chemistry teacher or when your daughter decided she wanted to drink a whole bottle of ketchup as her talent for the spring pageant.”
He couldn’t feel his body respond to the touch and there was a growing fear that he couldn’t move. He opened his mouth to form a complaint, but could only offer inarticulate slurred words. He tried pushing himself from Ryder, but only managed to lift his hand and have it fall it onto Ryder’s thigh.
Ryder grabbed a condom and roughly turned Winston to face Tony. “He gets turned on from the thought of another man touching him. I want to know what happens when the thought is transformed into action,” he enforced as he harshly thrust into Winston.
“Oh Danvers you fool,” another reporter said laughing.
He reached over to his desk and grabbed that piece of paper. He read the script on it and he felt weighed down. His eyes couldn’t help processing the letters that formed words, which burned in the back of Steve’s mind. He kept reading it over and over, torturing himself.
The two of them laughed, linking arms together before exiting the restaurant. Pepper pinched the bridge of her noise, as she whispered to herself, “And they think Rhodey is the good influence. Fools, I say. Fools.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ryder introduced me to her as the head nurse at the hospital Harley’s mom is at,” Steve told them. “Miriam.”
Ryder’s smile grew delighted as he drew closer. His grasp on Tony’s chin tightened and he used it as a lever to draw Tony’s lips toward his. Tony widened blurry eyes and tried gathering the bit of strength he had left. Ryder’s sin hot lips ghosted over Tony’s and then firmly pressed against Tony’s chapped cooler ones.
Natasha allowed their bantering to go on for another minute. Then loudly she repeated her question. “Where is he?”
“Fine Peter yes I will come pick you up to show everyone how awesome I am…though I don’t know why you need me, when you can easily just…yes of course. No, May made me promise I keep you from doing too many reckless things. Though as a favor I’ll need you to watch Miles after the Christmas Charity Gala in a few weeks…four weeks I think? December 23 I believe?”
Tony would have been concerned with how easily he was brushed off, but he was too excited for the fact that Ryder bought his lie. Then Tony realized that he shouldn’t have had to lie to Ryder anyway.
Bucky who had been talking to Natasha at the time, tilted his head to the side. His nose flared twice before nearly gliding over to Miles to snatch the boy up from his seat, thus leaving the cup of juice in Ryder’s hand.
He leaned over to tell Bucky he was going to look for Tony, before Wanda’s voice interrupted him.
And it is in that darkened direction
“Your phone call took a while. I got worried,” Julie answered honestly. “You have to stay here, Mr. Tony.”
Steve watched as Tony walked away. Tony then turned around and regarded Steve. “And thank you Steve for the gift. It’ll certainly be one I’ll never forget.”
Alone to their thoughts, Tony picked at his muffin.
It was time for things to get back to normal…or as normal as things were.
“Ryder, I’m so sorry. I…I have a few minutes we can talk,” Tony said biting his lip.
The corners of Steve’s mouth tugged upward in a brief smile. “That’s good.”
Tony shook his head refusing to believe Ryder. This time he wouldn’t believe him. Pepper and Rhodey will always be there for him. He and the Avengers were back toward strengthening their relationship and it was going to be stronger than it last was. His ties with the orphanage and Karen was not going away. His friendship with May and mentorship over Peter was strong. His relationship with his son could not be easily broken.
“I just find that hypocritical. You expect us to come to you, but you didn’t come to any of us. So I want to know why.”
“I should’ve listened to Cydney.”
Tony laughed and smiled warmly at Steve. Steve tried everything to swallow down the cry that was crawling in the back of his throat. He felt his whole body become drained as he looked at the tired, yet hopeful expression of Tony.
He felt tears stream down his face, he could hear yelling.
“Ah, yes Ryder Deaver,” one person laughed. “I feel sorry for that poor man that has to be saddled with Tony Stark. Doesn’t he know how much world of pain he’s in from not only associating with him? The Avengers surely did not reap any benefits from being associated with Tony Stark.”
Tony didn’t open his eyes, but replied to him, “Fuck you.”
“Is this all? You got your confession. And yet you’re still here. Clearly, you want more. Perhaps you would like another go around with me.”
Steve furrowed his eyebrows as Tony walked ahead of him. Tony had settled next to Natasha who had her legs propped up on Bucky’s lap. Bucky looked tiredly at Tony.
“I didn’t finish my story, did I?” Tony questioned, looking down into his soup.
“End of the week!”
“I should have taken a break and stayed with him. We were family, but I didn’t.” She shrugged her shoulders. “But wow this was so not supposed to be about me. I see what you did Rogers, deflecting.”
He would help welcome Tony back into their family. He would as soon as Tony understand that to be a part of this family was also accepting Bucky. The other Avengers had understood this addition, so Tony surely would adjust his actions accordingly.
Tony shrugged. “Alright. Well, someone make my closing speech for me.”
“Not former Pep,” Tony said looking at the table where all the Avengers were sitting. He had extended the invitation to everyone, seeing as though it’d be another way to get the Avengers back in a positive light in the public eye.
“I know, but they haven’t seen you in a while. Plus they like to meet who I date. I don’t have parents and they kind of stepped in,” Tony replied. “I tried to get them not to, but they really want to meet you again.”
“Do you want the military to have the ability to march into a town for whatever reason they deem necessary. And it may be justified. Then they leave the town impoverished because of people losing jobs, due to their businesses being destroyed. Children getting sick because of all the debris or being collateral damage. Do you want that?”
“Oh, yeah sure okay,” Ryder said confused as he watched Tony walk away.
Yeah, it’s sleepy time for you.
Tony lifted a shoulder then dropped it. He smiled self-deprecatingly at Steve and oh how Steve wished he had never seen that expression on Tony’s face. Steve leaned forward to grasp the hand that Tony was playing with his jacket.
Tony wanted to recoil at the gentle touch. He wanted his body to gain back fucking movement. He wanted to not be weak.
Miles shrugged and smiled wildly, lips already purple. “Don’t hate the player, hate the game.”
His voice sounded gutted as though he was deeply impacted by the memory. Steve wondered how much was for show. He wondered if it was possible for Ryder to even demonstrate such a demonstration of blatant sadness.
“Because I need to protect you,” Steve admitted, wincing at how weak he sounded.
Oh, Clint was going to love this.
Tony’s eyes widened as Rhodey laid out the blankets and tucked them underneath Tony’s body, like he used to do whenever Tony had exhausted himself to the point where he couldn’t even pull the covers over his body. Tony hummed in content at the extra addition of blankets, before his eyes met Rhodey’s.
“Your baba will be sad if you don’t eat your food. He wants you to be big and strong too. Don’t make your baba cry,” Bucky sang picking up a grape and tossing it into the air.
Steve remained silent the entire time as they headed back to the ballroom. He didn’t want Tony going with Ryder anyway. Wasn’t it too soon for the whole meeting parents? Steve watched as Tony said goodbye to everyone at the table with promises that he would get in touch with Rhodey and Pepper and set up a breakfast date for when they were all back in town.
Harley went as pale as a ghost and seemed to be seconds from passing out. Peter himself had taken the news and seemed to appear only seconds away from hyperventilating. Steve immediately got out of his seat and rest his hands on their shoulders in hopes of calming them down.
It was true. As soon as Steve had walked into the ballroom, he was met with many people trying to say hello. Thankfully, they soon understood the need for privacy and space and returned to their own assigned tables.
“Don’t leave just…stay here for a little bit longer,” Tony said trying to incorporate some strength back into his voice and not heavy begging.
“Apologies. I was instructed by Ms. Romanov to make sure this delivery reached you safely, before I am allowed to report back. Ms. Romanov assured me that she had called Colonel Rhodes and told him that she would send me.”
“No?” Isak mirrored back, but where Steve’s tone was definitive Isak’s was more inquisitive. “Why such a strong response?”
Natasha scrunched up her nose and raised her body up slightly to put the coffee mug and its offending drink out of reach. DUM-E beeped discontent and grabbed U. U didn’t seem all the keen on being pulled away, but went nonetheless. Later they both came back with three of Miles’ juice cups.
To any other observer, it would be hardly noticeable. But Tony had picked up on those slight alterations in his expression. He had too. Those changes in expressions, often saved him from the hard press of a palm going against his cheek.
“What?”
“Oh give me grace,” Steve whispered as Tony’s head fell to his lap. Steve’s hands hovered slightly over Tony’s head where it was resting on his lap. Deciding that Tony was well into sleep, he began running his fingers through the strands that were beginning to become longer and curled at the nape of his neck.
Nathaniel ran up to the stage ready to take the mic. “Be careful who you talk about Nathaniel. Some people here sign your checks.”
Tony’s eyes felt like they were going to flutter close.
Not seeing the tears that were quickly filling Steve’s eyes, Miles continued coloring. “Oh, I forgot to tell you Aunt Pepper said that when we go back I can swim with the dolphins again.”
Vision agreed and waved Wanda over. “Wanda perhaps you may accompany me back.”
“It’s not his fault. And it’s not Steve’s I guess. He was trying to protect his only family-”
“It was never on my mind to leave,” Steve said.
Fury looked back at the unconscious man then at Fury. Coulson deciding he knew what Fury was thinking, resolutely shook his head. There was nothing that could possibly justify bringing Tony in and Coulson knew that now.
The two were reduced to laughter as they fell into one another and back onto the couch waking up Bucky who had drifted asleep mid song. Natasha leaned her head on Tony’s shoulder and giggled. Clint looked at Natasha and observed the lightness in her expression and the happiness sketched over her face. Tony resembled the same look until he noticed Clint’s stare.
Sam nodded seriously, grabbed his building, and set it next to Thor’s. He held his hands behind his back and stood taller. He cleared his throat and stepped forward.
“Okay.”
Tony froze.
Tony smiled at the two. Miles had gotten used to Natasha over the past few days and had innocently asked Tony what he could call her. Tony had been honest and explained that he could call Natasha whatever she wanted as long as she was comfortable with it. Miles had settled on Aunt Natasha.
Steve stood outside the cell that Ryder had been placed in. He was unconscious all from the interrogation room at SHIELD to the Raft. He hadn’t even woken, when the guards had taken his body and began moving him.
Clint paused for a brief second. “And so I called her and told her everything. I mean she’s still upset no doubt. But she’s allowing me to see her and the kids when they come back from her parents. So I’ll probably be visiting them after New Year’s.”
No, that wasn’t what he truly wanted. Well, yes he wanted all of those things, but they weren’t at the top of his list.
Rhodey was quick to turn up at the news that the driver was here and everyone was quick to follow. Wanda set the man down and spoke softly to him.
“If I don’t love you, then who does? Pepper and Rhodey like you as friends, but even they’re not around you long enough to really love you. The Avengers certainly don’t love you. Get this in your mind they came back because they missed their old lives in America. They didn’t come back for you. Steve doesn’t love you. He’s merely keeping up pretenses because he knows his image can’t suffer another blow like it did last year,” he explained.
“We don’t,” Natasha told them. “There is no margin of error with this decision. The only one under that though is you. I do not agree with bringing Tony in as well. Tony himself doesn’t even know that Ryder is in the same vicinity as him. We can’t just pull the rug underneath his feet, when he’s barely just getting settled back in.”
For a few moments, he played the game that this was Isak.
“Isak, please do not turn me away,” Ryder said, motioning to his brother’s child. “How old is your child?’
Peter nodded, laughingly. “Oh, yeah. I think those might be her sharpest.”
Steve nodded his head and Wanda smiled even brighter.
Steve shook his head. “I promised the hospital staff, Tony would wait until he’s a 100% recovered.”
Tony had never imagined he would be in this position and he would have later to wonder about just how he got here, but right now…right here he just wanted to simply feel and not even think about how Ryder was only a few rooms down from where he was. He wouldn’t allow himself to feel bad about that.
Once everything had been handled at the orphanage, Tony told Happy to drive them back to the tower. Miles had not stopped mumbling little incoherent sentences, since they left.
Miles opened his mouth and allowed Tony to pour the medicine down his throat. Miles’ puckered lips would have been hilarious, if Miles hadn’t tried spitting the medicine back up. Tony quickly grabbed a spoon to slip the fallen medicine back into Miles’ mouth. Again Miles tried spitting it up.
He didn’t want to address the small doubt that they wouldn’t.
The television continued to play whatever cartoon was on and Tony continued to shift. He was trying to find a comfortable position that wouldn’t disrupt Miles’ sleeping. Having found none he settled uncomfortably with his legs bent under him.
“Aww, Rhodey bear,” Tony said his own voice thick with emotion.
“And you can. There’s a lot of things you can do Bekah. When you get discharged, I’m sure that you-”
Bucky hadn’t questioned what the phone meant and neither did anyone else. Steve hadn’t known whether to be thankful or not. Sometimes he wanted someone to talk to about all of this mess with Tony…but the one he really wanted to talk to would never pick up that phone.
“I come here every week so I’ll let you know what day I come and maybe you can come with me again. Though maybe this time you can get your little evil minions not to attack me. Like I’m pretty sure I won’t be able to remove what it was that your little ones made. Like what’s in it?”
“Bad day?” Tony questioned sitting down beside Natasha.
“Good so sit back and listen Mr. Rogers,” Isa hissed. “Do you want the police to run around the city with no rules?”
“No,‘s just been a long day,” he said, the yawn escaping his lips arguing against what he just said. “Not sleepy though. Come on Steve. I once went on a 72 hour work binge.”
But now they needed to because they had their team that was depending on them. They had to get their family back. Tony needed to get Peter. Steve needed to get Bucky. And there the two of them had begun talking on plans…and in some way, of which Tony was not all too sure he understood, they began to heal.
“Well think as a treat Rhodey and I are taking you out to lunch. So think as a reward for finishing two board meetings you get lunch. Then when we come back for break and finish the remaining two and you send in all the other work that I have been needing from you, you’ll be free from all work for the rest of spring break. I’m sure you’d love to spend time with your kids free from any and all obligations.”
Tony looked back and smiled smugly. Steve raised an eyebrow and raised a hand as though motioning that Tony should carry on. Tony made it three steps, three shaking steps might he had, before his legs buckled underneath him. Steve was there within a second, arms wrapping around his waist. He tried reigning in laughter over the fact that Tony looked like a newborn gazelle learning to walk for the first time. He knew his laughter would not be appreciated.
“Well, it is nice to meet you,” Peter said looking at Tony and smirking.
“Alright does everyone have their given wristbands on? Raise your hand if you have not been given a wristband that matches your group leaders’ shirt colors,” Tony instructed as he went through the heard of children and volunteers.
Steve walked off to his room and immediately went into his bathroom and ran the shower water. He waited until it was warm, before stepping inside.
Tony saw more than heard Ryder’s. “Benedici il CMPNY.”
“A dog circus show isn’t the worst thing,” Karen defended herself, leaning back in her chair and taking a sip of Tony’s orange juice.
“I don’t have a crush,” Steve grit out. “Can we just go back to like whatever you all were doing?”
“And it’s the same all the time. I just see me standing over Tony with my shield and I know it’s worse for Tony and Nat I can’t” Steve sputtered.
“Ryder only did this as a scare tactic. He told everyone that no one was to touch you. Okay, no one. He just wanted you to think that you were being…” Cali explained and allowed Tony to fill in the missing gap.
Tony’s jaw worked. “Do you want me to stop talking?”
He did throw up.
Steve had been unsure of the meaning, but as he watched the movie with Tony that same week his cheeks had burned with an embarrassing sense of want. He had turned to tell Tony that he would be honored to draw him like one of his French girls.
Cali’s voice sounded rushed and unfocused. “Look…Steve I need you to talk to Tony okay. You need to talk to him about anything, but here. No questions asked right now.”
Tony turned wide eyes to Clint, who by then was turning an impressive shade of red.
He just couldn’t turn them off. He walked through the hallways and his steps wore lethargic as if he had been up all night. He practically had been up for more than 48 hours. He briefly wondered if Tony would be proud.
,” he whispered his name.
“Steve I may have been brainwashed for years and some things I may have forgotten. But I did not forget your face when you were lying or the face you make when you’re talking about someone you like,” Bucky teased.
Tony then brightened. “Oh, you’re all having a sleepover. That’s nice. Sounds fun. Have a little boys’ night out and all that.”
The rest of their time was spent talking and watching cooking shows. Miles would wake up every now only for him to fall back asleep. Tony was disappointed when Peter told him that it was time to go to his Aunt May’s. He and Harley had homework to catch up on. Peter grabbed a sleeping Miles. Tony had wanted to say goodbye to his son, but figured that he didn’t want the chance of Miles possibly growing upset that he had to be leaving so soon.
Her own tears fell over her eyes because she had always loved seeing people who came in who genuinely wanted to adopt a kid and provide them with love. Karen ran her hand soothingly over his back as Tony’s shoulders racked with the vibrations from his sobs.
“Why Steve! You dirty dog,” Tony said intentionally misinterpreting Steve’s last one.
“Oh,” Tony said trying to hide his pleased smile.
Natasha raised her eyebrows at Steve, knowing he was about to say something.
Tony shook his head, startled by the one word question. “Why? Why what?”
Can I just say that all of your comments have given me so much inspiration. Like I seriously love each and every one of you so much 'cause I was legit worried about last chapter. I hope I can continue to give you all solid content, since you all are more than deserving of it. Also my school semester has started again (cries), but I am definitely staying on my Saturday update schedule. If anything changes, I will let you all know :)
Remember that the expose will happen in either Ch. 19 or Ch. 20 so please prepare yourselves. You have been warned lol.
And then the wound on his shoulder left from Clint’s arrow was also bleeding. Steve hoped both arms would lose function.
He repeated the mantra to himself.
“Can…can I talk to my son. Please Cali…I…I need to talk to my son,” Tony pleaded. “Don’t care…do…do whatever just let me talk.”
Steve shook his head, remembering those first few months. “Then I had these moments where I was back with the Commandos and when I woke up I was back here in this seemingly new world. It was like I was kept reminding myself that it was my fault I had lost everything. I mean I had went in that plane intending to die and suddenly I was alive and I didn’t know how to deal with it. I didn’t want to deal with it.”
It was rare Rhodey allowed himself to cry in front of them. Even Pepper was affected as she wrapped her arms around Tony’s shoulder and rested her head gently against his.
Natasha nodded. “He’s right. You know usually when you love someone, you fight for them. You gave up without even trying. I’m sure you had a deeper friendship with Tony than he does a relationship with Ryder. So no you don’t love him.”
He watched as Tony discreetly tried wiping away a tear. Clint felt an aching pain settle in his soul as he watched Tony struggle with what to say.
“Cookies?” Miles asked and turned his wet eyes to Tony. “Cookies?” He questioned again.
Tony leaned down to look Miles in the eye. “I promise I’m not leaving. If I’m taking too long come into Karen’s office and get me, okay?”
“You certainly outdid yourself,” Tony suggested. “Some of these meals I haven’t even seen, since like forever.”
“You good babe?” Ryder questioned.
“Yeah?” Tony said, his cheeks warming with the thought of how he had been missed.
“Before you say anything, I’ll have you know I got eight full hours of sleep last night. I went to bed early, so my clock is all out of wack and I had this brilliant idea for new specs for the Iron Man suit. Like there was this dent in the shoulder mechanism that shouldn’t have even existed and I think that whatever hit it was just a little more durable. So I need to make sure that doesn’t happen….ohhhh or I could make another element and see if-”
“I’m taking him home because he wants to go home. No offense, but this hospital isn’t a place where he feel safe or where he can even recover. Just send the stuff to Dr. Banner and we’ll cover it from there,” Steve announced.
This hit landed somewhere near Steve’s collarbone. Steve briefly registered a light tap.
