'That would be really nice,' Steve answered. 'But if I can't live with them I'll go with Bucky. I don't mind, Tony, as long as you come and visit me now and then. I don't want to lose you too.'
'You're my hero too and I handled it!' Clint protested. 'Even if he heard or saw what was going on, he could at least listen to what you have to say.'
'I'd like to,' Steve said, but it sounded nervous. Tony ignored it and took the others into the Shield headquarters. When the receptionist made clear to her boss that Tony had what Fury was looking for, they immediately got access to his office. The director didn't seem surprised when the crowd walked in and not just Tony with an engineered super soldier.
‘I got impatient and I hacked into the passenger lists of the airline,’ Tony admitted. ‘You wouldn’t be back for another few days, so I helped them upgrade their security systems. So, want me to take you home? You’re probably tired, it was a long flight, and economy class is just….ugh. Jet lags are the worst, so I thought I’d pick you up, so you’d at least have a comfortable ride home.’
‘Natasha sounds like she could be one of Pepper’s friends,’ James laughed. He told how his friend was always trying to get him on dates as well, and how things had gotten worse in her honeymoon phase. They talked and laughed about how their friends kept trying to hook them up with people, until the waitress poured them both a glass of wine and handed them a menu. They both ordered something, before they moved back to their conversation. It all went so smooth, like they had known each other for years.
'You work at my bakery?' Tony asked surprised. 'I searched the entire city for the best donuts and Fury is an ass, but his donuts are orgasmic! Are you telling me you're the one making them?'
Tony walked them to the car and unlocked it. He tried to get his head back in the game, as James sat down next to him. They were so much closer together now, Tony could feel his warmth. It was awkward and amazing at the same time.
‘You don’t,’ Steve answered. ‘You either go and suffer through the evening, or you won’t go and suffer Nat’s wrath for the next few weeks.’
'Alright,' Natasha said. 'You'll run around the station, finish line is right here again. Good luck. Ready? Set. Go!'
‘An ass like yours is hard to forget,’ Tony said, sneaking a peek at said ass.
'What about The Super Six?' Clint asked.
'I don't know, I tried to contact the guy, but he doesn't pick up his phone,' Sam explained. 'Back up team is looking for him. Someone else is on the way. Don't sleep with the guy Steve! Just let him know you're a cop, threaten him if necessary, so he won't talk! I can send Maria to get him and lock him up!'
Being kicked out of the restaurant made things a little awkward for the two of them. They stood on the sidewalk, buttoning up their coats, surrounded by some others who just left as well. It was time to say goodbye, but how did you say goodbye to a guy you never met before, but that you wanted to kiss, even though you weren’t allowed to? They had to exchange number at least!
'No, she was pissed, because he was a man and shouldn't want to be fucked in the ass,' Steve grinned. 'We finished our business, the guy paid me and a few months later he invited me for a threesome with his new boyfriend.'
‘Oh, right,’ Steve muttered as he looked at his pants that clung to his legs. He had completely forgotten. ‘I guess not then.  I’d invite you for a home cooked dinner at my place, but I think neither of us is ready for you to meet my housemates.’
Steve snorted as he threw the banana peel in the bin. ‘You should have hired a star cook if you wanted sushi. What about spaghetti with meatballs instead?’
'How was the funeral, honey?' Maria asked.
‘James and James,’ James chuckled as he sat down across from Steve. ‘My friends call me Rhodey.’
Steve finally sat down next to the other man. Sitting a little closer than appropriate. 'Good, I like them queen-sized. Too bad I'll never know what that goatee feels like, scratching my balls.'
Finally Steve returned the hug. 'I know you would, I love you too,' he said with an unsteady voice. 'But it's alright. You're enough for me. I'm really happy we could have a wedding, it was more than I ever expected to have already. It just hurts that every idiot can have a baby, just like that, while they inspected every detail of our lives to see if we'd be suitable parents. I'm happy for Rhodey, really, but it's just...you know.'
‘I like it,’ Natasha.
It started as a lot of fun. They joked and laughed and enjoyed the peace. But it didn't take long before things went downhill. Literary, because skinny, asthmatic, Steve couldn't go any further and slowly started rolling backwards. Tony felt extremely guilty, he had come up with this idea, he knew Steve was in no condition to do something like mountain biking! But Steve didn’t seem to mind at all and decided they should just walk a little. Steve caught his breath and minutes later they were cycling again.
‘No jacket,’ Rhodey said. ‘If you’re taking her for yourself, you still owe me 274 favors and I will make you clean my house. I’m not kidding here, Tony, you’re not going to steal a girl away from me, you did that too many times already.’
‘Yes! If it works, you can go too!’ Tony said happily.
‘Excuse me?’ Steve said.
‘We should invite him over, to drink with us,’ she said as she stood up, a smirk on her face. ‘He paid for it, so he should get the chance to enjoy it.’
‘Wow, you have a really nice car,’ James said as he fastened his seatbelt.
This project was about giving something back to the world. Tony had been making weapons for such a long time, he took so much away, that he had to do something to pay for that. Of course he had stopped making weapons years ago, but he wanted more. Hence this project to make kids enthusiastic about science and engineering. Stark Industries would open three workshops in New York where kids could go after school to do as much science as they wanted. All workshops had amazing equipment and all the stuff these kids could need. Veterans would keep an eye on them and help the kids with whatever they wanted to do, and  they would also give workshops at schools.
Steve insisted that only magic could make him fly, but Tony didn't want to admit that he would never touch the clouds. He was not going to give up.
Before Steve could say more Bruce stepped forward and he handed Tony a few papers.
'I had some problems with stalkers,' Steve said. 'I started selling myself when I was in college. Art class. I earned a lot, so when I couldn't find a job in the art business, I decided to just continue in the sex industry. I used a fake name, but my own apartment. Some clients didn't call, but just came to rang the doorbell, even when I was hanging out with friends. One guy waited in front of the building almost every day. He thought I was in love with him and expected free sex. When I told him to go away he brought friends and beat me up. I was forced to move. I do want to continue the job, but in a place with more security and in disguise. If they won't recognize me on the streets anymore I'll feel more safe.'
'Our undercover acts are too good!' Tony chuckled. 'It's nice to meet you, Stefanie. What are you researching here?'
'I don't have time!' Tony said quickly.
Natasha got up and brushed some imaginary dust from herself. She eyed Tony wearily, but trusted Steve's judgment.
'Okay, you used me, but we made a deal. Get all those lunatics out of my tower. Tonight.'
'I promise,' Steve said, feeling guilty about the contacts and the microphone.
'Can’t we leave unnoticed through the back door?' Steve asked. 'Or is there press there as well? People just love pictures of a bunch of guys in women's clothes that are taken away by the police. They don't understand why we do this.'
He stood still when he felt warm air surrounding him. Steve looked up to see he was standing next to Stark Tower. The irony. He was standing next to the building of the richest person in New York. Tony Stark owned a huge multinational company, his products were sold, and loved, all over the planet, he owned several houses, wore clothes that cost more than a month of Steve’s rent, and his car collection was insane. Oh how would Steve love to pickpocket that man. Selling a pair of Starks famous sunglasses would probably give him enough money to buy food for a month. Some people were crazy about Stark and his products. Steve didn’t really understand it, but then again, he never had enough money to actually buy any of those products.
'No, just make sure I won't drown. Give me mouth to mouth or something,' Tony said as he wiggled his eyebrows.
'Who is going to kill you? I’m not angry at you. Not enough to kill you,’ the guy said. ‘Are you going to be okay?'
'They have a pool?' Tony asked.
‘I had the most orgasmic pastry ever, but it’s been a few hours, so I can eat,’ Tony said as he entered the kitchen and sat down at the table. ’What’s for dinner?’
'Sorry,' said Clint. 'He is my hero, I got caught up. I got hundreds of his comics and I watched the cartoons when I was a kid.'
‘Alright,’ Tony groaned. ‘You guys aren’t used to anything. I stay awake for forty-eight hours all the time. But whatever, we’ll sleep.’
Sam was a nice guy. He invited Tony in almost all the time, even when he showed up with some ridiculous request. Tony started to pay for the pizza and even brought beer now and then, but he kept making up excuses to actually join the two friends. Renovations on his tower had ended a week ago, but Tony was not ready yet to move back. He was still on a mission.
‘I’ve only been on a plane a few times,’ Steve said. ‘Always to fly me to a war zone, so I don’t have many great memories about it. It was….oh, shit, we were supposed to turn right there. Sorry, I was distracted. Take the next one right instead.’
'Hi, Steve, going to play games with Sam again?'
For a moment they stood together next to James’ car. Steve wanted to ask him if he wanted to have dinner somewhere, but then he remembered he was in too deep already. He shouldn’t make this harder for himself than it already was.
'Did you tell him about me?' Olivia asked, fear in his voice.
Tony smiled as he looked out of the window. They reached the last station. He got up and wanted to pick up his luggage, but then he realized his only luggage were his memories.
“Any of them think
Bruce nodded. “You made me write up a contract that said as much, and then you signed it in blood.” He looked like he was a millisecond away from laughter.
“It’s my house, but okay,” Tony said, squeaking as Thor swept him up into a crushing hug. He barely avoided being brained by Thor’s hammer. And there was a euphemism that he wasn’t going to look too closely at.
“What do you want?” Rhodey wasn’t going to play nice Tony realized.
“I’m sorry,” Bucky sounded small and wounded.
, he thought.
“I thought that machine suppressed memories?” King T’Challa was the only one in the gallery who had any idea of what had been done to James Barnes.
“She is a…” F.R.I.D.A.Y. began.
Tony wasn’t one for introspection. He usually accepted things as they were and either changed them or moved on. This situation with Steve and co wasn’t something he had either option to do. He was going to have to deal with them.
Steve regretted
“I should have said something before,” Steve said, man-handling them into Tony’s suite. “But honestly, it wasn’t until you were gone, until you wrote me off, that I realized what I was feeling.”
“Could be,” Tony mused, his gaze on the hologram. “But, I’m thinking it’s worth a look.”
“Still waiting for an answer,” Sam said, watching Steve.
He opened his mouth to beg Bucky to stop but Tony’s clever tongue was inside before he could get a sound out.
Tony beamed at him. “I work very hard at it, Buttercup.” His smile widened and his heart gave an elated thump. “How are those legs feeling?”
“It’s a figure of speech, Thor,” Bruce explained. “It means that she must do whatever she wishes.” He sent a stern glare at Steve who couldn’t control the shaking of his shoulders.
His stomach promptly rebelled, sending him hurtling for the bathroom. He barely made it in time, projectile vomiting into the toilet bowel.
“Who the fuck are you?” Tony challenged.
Armed with new information, Tony and Bruce dragged Rhodes with them to Bruce’s lab. There was a lot of excited muttering about tests and enzymes and DNA and then some things that Steve didn’t even try to follow.
The disbelieving pause spoke volumes.
“I’m not angry all the time.” Bruce explained. “That was usually the trigger that brought out the Hulk.”
“Why should we believe you?” Richards asked. “You’ve never trusted us before.”
Steve nodded, slightly startled at the change of subject. “Yeah, sorry about that, by the way. Totally out of line.” He’d just been another in a long line of assholes, who’d done things to Bucky, taken things without his consent.
“Yes they do,” Wanda agreed. She sighed. “I was not sure if I should show this to you, but Vision said that it was important.”
Thor and Natasha headed back to the infirmary and Bruce. Clint settled on one of the ledges that appeared out of the wall at Atlantis’ whim. Steve spun back to Tony. “Don’t you give up, Tony Stark. You promised we’d finally have that date. I’m expecting fireworks.” The words were so soft that nobody could hear them.
“Yes, sir?” Her cool voice in his ear was a comfort.
Tony wondered if the super soldier program had included interrogation techniques.
at the very least.”
Bruce grinned. “Looks like you’re stuck with us.”
“I don’t need you to trust me in order to fulfill my duty as a guardian of earth.” Strange remained calm under their glares. “I just need to cast the spell.”
“I’m sorry, but did you just say that you wanted a threesome with Tony
“Tony!” Bucky’s voice was the last one he heard as the smoke swept them away.
“I know.” Bucky sounded supremely sure. “But he only loved me like he loved Peggy when I came back to him in this time.” He turned his head to meet Tony’s eyes. “I’ve loved Steve all my life. Even when he didn’t love me in the way I loved him.”
“Fuck,” Pepper said.
Tony laughed with everyone else, his hand rested on the outline of the box in his pocket.
“Because one of the best friends I have, one of the best people I know is standing in front of the world, practically alone, and making a declaration that you’re too fucking stubborn to hear!” Natasha was practically shouting at him at the end. This time it was Clint who put a cautioning hand on her arm.
“We need Bruce.” Natasha said it so softly that hardly anyone heard her.
“But it's right,right?” Tony bounced on the balls of his feet.
Tony suddenly understood why Regency heroines were always swooning when the heroes kissed them. He felt a little dizzy, clinging to Steve as he fell into the kiss.
Steve shook Dean’s hand. “Thank you.” He did sincerity like breathing. “Clint is right. We owe you.’
“Oh, we’re not in a hostage situation,” Tony assured him. “We’re merely a group of businessmen discussing the future of our wondrous land.”
“Eccentric,” Tony corrected, scattering several minions with a couple of repulsor blasts. “Not weird.”
“He’s a dead man walking, he just doesn’t know it,” Natasha snarled.
“You made us lunch?” Sam grinned, reaching for a sandwich.
Trailed by two brawny guys in suits and dark glasses, he led them to a small lounge area and indicated that they sit. “Can I get you something to drink? I have an excellent Bruichladdich that has been waiting for the right occasion.” Tony could tell that he was offering out of politeness, not any desire to make them feel comfortable.
“By the way, a couple of guys dropped by while you were gone,” Bruce said, patting DUM-E on the head when he passed him a screwdriver. “Said you were holding a car for them?”
“Pizza, ice-cream, soda and bags of caramels,” Lee said.
“How are you doing?” Steve asked. It felt like they could only talk in whispers. It was a question they all asked each other. Every day.
Tony watched them kiss. Two beautiful animals in perfect sync. He rubbed at his chest. They’d missed out on so much in his previous time line. He blinked. More and more was fading. He remembered less of his life of the past two years, filling instead with new memories of a love that had literally stood the test of time.
Steve stared at their hands, content to feel the reassurance of life beneath Tony’s skin. “She talked to you?” he asked.
She smirked at him. “Please, you’re so whipped it’s not even funny.” She ignored him as he sputtered his denial.
The mansion always felt empty when Tony got home.
Tony sighed. “That amount of hate was never going to disappear with a couple of sparring sessions with the Avengers,” he said. “No matter what Captain Perfect said.”
“Okay,” he agreed.
Tony turned the page over. “That’s it.” His eyes were a little wild. “Just yank out the arc reactor, and plug in the Power Stone, and Bob’s your uncle?”
~~~~~~
changed,” Tony told him. He watched Coulson blink in that slow, calculating way of his.
. He kind of hated that Bucky was entirely fine.
“I was there for a lot of that, Cap. You didn’t forget anyone,” Sam assured him.
Rhodey made a disgruntled noise. “Nice, dickhead, way to remind me how utterly fucking useless I am.”
Natasha sat down on the sofa, her knee at Steve’s shoulder. “I was perhaps a little harsh before,” she admitted.
“You got a place I can bunk, Stark?” Bucky asked.
Somehow he’d managed to muddle through life and acquire this…family of crazy people who accepted him as he was.
Loki’s mouth turned surly. “While I really couldn’t be bothered with your world, it would seem that Jörmungandr cannot be defeated by Asgard alone.”
Wanda trailed in from the balcony, soaking wet. She glared at them all. “Who do I kill?” she asked. Her eyes narrowed when she spotted Natasha with Thor. He’d wrestled loose and was busy dodging behind every available person or object in an effort to evade her.
“Not a competition.” Steve sucked in a gasp as the bite sent sparks straight to his dick.
“This was
“There aren’t words,” Natasha said, crouching down on Tony’s other side. She put a hand on his head, fingers twisting in his hair. “There will never be words.”
He flew away from the Cage, slightly disappointed at how anti-climactic it felt. At least he had a good old-fashioned battle to look forward to. “Did you miss me?” he asked Steve as he shot at a particularly gruesome troll-like beast that was trying to decapitate Bucky.
Tony stood too. “Lies,” he said as he kissed her cheek. “I know your minions do all of the work.”
“You can’t make promises like that, Buck,” Steve said. “It’s only been a few days with that program that Tony sent you. It’s seventy plus years you need to get out of your head.”
Bucky grabbed him, and yanked him onto the bed, tossing him down next to Steve. “You talk to goddamn much,” he growled, dropping his not inconsiderable weight on top of Tony.
“Director Fury is here, sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. told him.
tell Steve it was his turn next time, didn’t I?”
Natasha and Thor stood as well. “Is there anything we can do, Captain?” Natasha asked.
“Man, I’m not sure I’d want them to be my friends,” Sam admitted. “I mean, that’s not what friends…”
“What?” Steve slumped back into his chair. “I don’t…”
“You mean F.R.I.D.A.Y.” Bruce put a hand on his arm. “Tony. Stop. Let the doctors do a full check-up. Even if you don’t want to do it for yourself, do it for me, for Rhodey, for Pepper.”
When they disappeared into the sky, Tony turned to the team. “Hey! Where’s the love?”
Thor beamed. “I am most delighted to hear this. But you must remain vigilant. The power of the Infinity Gauntlet will continue to pull at the Mind Stone.”
Sam started edged back towards the trees that he’d indicated earlier, still fighting alongside Dean. “I think we’ll be dead long before they stop,” he said. “We should keep moving.”
Of course Tony beat them home. He strolled across the landing, letting F.R.I.D.A.Y. remove the suit from him.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve told him.
“So,” Tony cleared his throat. “That was lovely.” He glanced over at Bruce. “Thanks for not traumatizing us with make-up sex, Doc.”
A head shake. “No. Not autonomously. That was the moment I knew we were all in serious shit.”
“Stop,” Steve touched Bucky’s shoulder.
Since they’d last seen Bruce hunched over a jet console with devastation on the Other Guy’s face.
wanted to answer him, but Steve’s quick head-shake had him holding his tongue.
“I’m ready to leave,” Tony declared, brushing off his shirt. He did
“How many?” Steve asked.
“Apart from several animal life-forms, there is nothing of consequence, sir.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. didn't call him on it. It wasn't like he'd been expecting Bruce to come wandering out of the woods with his arms open, singing Koombaya.
“Where is our father?” Thor demanded, ignoring Loki’s antics. Tony sat back to watch.
“We could share again?” Tony waggled his eyebrows.
“Excellent. Goodbye.” The pop of the disconnect told them he was gone.
“Don’t test me, bird-boy,” she told him. Her hand came up to Steve’s head again, fingers kneading at his scalp. “I’m sorry for shouting at you earlier,” she said. “I was taking my anger out on the wrong person.” Her mouth twisted. “Perhaps I haven’t quite come to terms with Bruce leaving.”
He headed for the elevator with Thor and Loki at his heels.
And that was just fucking dirty pool. They both stopped, panting and stared into each other’s eyes. “There are in fact, children in this house,” Tony grated. “That he’s right is incredibly annoying.”
He looked around at them, his friends, his family, those who were utterly loyal and those who had betrayed him in one way or another. “I would suggest that you all do the same. I don’t think we’re going to have too much time to sleep in the near future.”
“I made it,” Steve said, shoving Tony down next to Bucky. “I think we all needed a little comfort food.”
“You have Jane,” Tony pointed out, straightening his clothes. “She’s way more fragile than I am.”
“How about I give them a call and you can compare dicks, okay?” Clint gave him a flat look.
Liar, Tony thought. “I know, because you're a very polite person,” he sneered.
“Well then, let’s see what other surprises Tony has in store,” Natasha said.
And just like that, Tony’s world tilted. He’d gone from freaked out and passed out, to in a potentially polyamorous relationship in a day.
“Steve?” Bucky’s confused question had Steve spinning to look at him as he collapsed, crumbling to dust.
“That wasn’t what I heard,” Strange murmured.
“Tony Stark has never tapped out on anything in his entire life.” Rhodey’s direct words hit Steve like a gut-punch.
“Fine, you’re not granting me a favor,” Dean said. “You’re acting for the good of all humanity.”
And he hadn’t. Just because he’d spoken to General Ross was no guarantee that the Superhero Registration Act wouldn’t come into being.
And somehow, they won.
favorite.” He looked around the room, watched them all nod.
Tony nodded slowly. “I guess I can understand that. So, here’s the thing. I don’t have family. Not blood family anyway. So when you losers moved into Avengers Tower, it was like I suddenly was overwhelmed with family.” Tony waited for Steve’s nod to continue. “I hid out a lot in my workshop.”
Tony nodded and called, “Hey, F.R.I.D.A.Y. please can you put on the under-floor heating in the main bathroom?” He took Steve’s hand. “I don’t like my ass being cold.” The floor beneath them immediately started warming up.
“Tony just let me know,” Rhodes said, jaw set. “Trust me; I’m as unhappy about this as you are.”
“I know,” Tony said with an answering smile. “I’m a genius.”
And for the second time that day, Tony Stark tucked tail and fled.
“You call your penis Little Tony?” Steve’s face was horrified.
He lifted his gaze, eyes blind. “Carter. Rumlow.” He searched the crowds for a sign of them.
“And you didn’t think that it was important enough to tell us?” Steve’s tone was dangerous.
“And I know that you love me.” She nodded. “But, Pep, are you
“Well, that’s as good a place to start,” Tony said. “Let’s get going, F.R.I.D.A.Y. We have a Hulk to locate.”
Steve blinked. When the hell had
Rhodey’s faceplate slid back. “Somebody better tell me something or I start raining pain down on your asses.” He didn’t sound like he was kidding.
He shook his head, laid it against Vision once more. “I need more than five goddamned seconds to mourn the loss of the only other Avenger who stood by me through everything besides Rhodey!” He knew his words were cruel, calculated to hurt. He ignored the sharp intake of breath behind him.
Steve squared his shoulders. “Important people,” he said. “Family.”
“Matilda?” Pepper arched an eyebrow at Steve who shrugged.
“No-one saw it, Tony.” Bruce looked up at him. “If Jane hadn’t found the crown and Thor hadn’t brought it here, then Set would have taken over the world with barely a whimper.”
“Dear god.” Fury threw up his hands. “Trying to have a sensible conversation with
“Told him that Banner was going to keep Nat all to himself from now on if he didn’t,” Tony said. “I figured a little old-fashioned green-eyed monster taunting would do the trick.”
“Still hurts,” Bruce grunted as Tony took off, arms wrapped around him tightly.
Tony looked at her then, realizing how very young she still was. “I’m sorry for the things you’ve been through in your life,” he said.
Tony dropped his forehead against Bruce’s shoulder in relief. He had someone else who know. Someone who wouldn’t let him forget his purpose. Because it was more than just Steve’s life that he’d come back to save.
“Can you come to the chair control room?” Steve asked. “I think Peggy is trying to tell us something and my Morse code is a little rusty.”
He wondered if there was going to be price to pay. There was always a price for happiness. But for this, Steve would pay just about anything.
Vision tipped his head to the side. “Mr. Stark had Wanda under surveillance from the moment she joined the Avengers. He never trusted her.”
“A dime for your thoughts,” Bucky offered.
“God, you’re pretty,” he blurted. Two pairs of blue eyes turned to him. It was just this side of too much being the focus of their attention. Tony felt stripped naked in more ways than one.
Bucky’s eyes narrowed.
“I know.” Bucky's smile was sad. “But you don't have that darkness in you, Cap.” He used the term affectionately. “Not like I do.”
“Vision?” Bruce looked surprised. “He sent her to you?”
“I believe you have something that belongs to us,” Tony said, trying for subtlety.
Natasha snorted a laugh as she watched Steve’s ears turn pink. “I wish you two would get your heads out of your asses and get together already.”
“Well, technically, DUM-E isn’t a robot.” Tony skipped after Sam, clapping him on the back. “He’s a rudimentary AI so he’s a little better than that.” Tony’s heart was light, despite the prospect of the end of the world. He was a ‘happy now, worry about tomorrow later’ kinda guy. He was looking forward to a whole truckload of happy.
hear about it?” Natasha folded her arms menacingly. Tony barely stopped himself from taking a step back.
“Not always,” Pepper said. “He was apparently a scrawny kid who only bulked up once he started with football.”
He held up a hand. “I came to terms with that a couple of years ago. I just didn’t know that it was Cap’s boyfriend.”
“Shut the fuck up,” Clint shoved past Thor, nabbing a Pop Tart on his way to another lounger. “I hate you.”
Strange was right. Tony was going to have to do this alone.
Steve didn’t move as he looked around the room, seeing the members of his team finally wound down. They all seemed to feel the need to stay together right now.
I am having so many issues right now. I apologise but concussion sucks.
“Not planning on getting naked either,” Bucky said with a firm hand to Tony's chest. “Now close your goddamn eyes and go to fucking sleep.”
“No.” Sam’s voice had them looking up. “Barnes isn’t all you have.” His mouth was hard. “You have …
And there went higher brain control again.
They were all dressed in their white and red quantum suits. Rhodey put up his hand, “Wait a second, let me ask you something. If we can do this, you know, go back in time, why don't we just find baby Thanos, you know, and...” He makes a wringing motion with his hands. They all flinch.
wanted to go drinking with him.
“They are criminals,” Yamamoto was the first to speak. “The rogue members of your team went against the Accords.”
“It’s a Mr. James Barnes, Sir.”
Jim waited.
“If I die, make sure Thor kills his dad for me, okay?” Tony asked as his eyes widened with panic.
Steve smiled at him. “Anything in the food-related group works for me, thanks.”
Sam nudged him with his shoulder. “Want to talk about it?” he asked.
“Time travel, huh?” Barton mused as they headed for the training arena. “Sounds like fun.”
“Let him in, J,” Tony said. “I’ll be out in a bit.” He touched his chest. The scar of the arc reactor had been eaten away when he’d injected Extremis into his bloodstream. And apparently the Soul Stone along with Extremis. Or was it the Soul Stone that had
” Jörmungandr dropped a big hand onto Tony’s shoulder, causing him to stagger a little. “
He yawned, lifting his arms above his head in a luxurious stretch. He stopped abruptly when he realized he was flanked by two bodies.
Who was going to save
“What was that?” Bucky rumbled.
have turned us in.” Steve wanted to understand the choices that Tony had made and why.
“I like the machine you Midgardians call a toaster,” Loki declared, strolling onto the balcony with his own plate of Pop Tarts. “It is a simple beast and yet it performs exactly to its strengths.”
“What?”
“He’s fine.” Loki waved a careless hand. “Safely in his room.”
Sam Wilson had toed off his shoes and was lounging quite comfortably on the sofa. “This is good shit, Tasha,” he told her, waving a shot glass around.
“Ha!” Tony poked at his screen, adjusting the calculations to what Vision had indicated. “That’s better.”
Thor’s face darkened and the threat of thunder rolled across the skies. “You would chastise us in this?” he asked, voice as low as Steve had ever heard it.
OMG! I hope you didn't think I'd forgotten this?!? I signed up for the Marvel Big Bang & got totally flustered. I guess the moral of this story is that I shouldn't work to timelines. Post date is 17 November so I hope you forgive me.
Steve burned hot and cold. He bucked up into Tony’s mouth, the wet suction a mind-blowing contrast to the tight grip on his dick.
“Didn’t realize how tired I was.” Steve’s hand tightened on the bony jut of Tony’s ankle.
“That particular argument is considerably less effective now that you’ve regained feeling in your feet,” Bruce pointed out from his spot on the sidelines.
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Fine, ostrich, we won’t talk about it until I’m in a nursing home, being fed through a tube and not knowing my own name.” It came out sharp and Steve flinched. “I’m sorry,” Tony whispered, turning so that he straddled Steve’s lap.
was certainly clear enough. Tony thought.  He was discovering that Bucky was a stubborn son of a bitch. He wouldn’t have survived everything that had happened to him if he wasn’t.
“That’s okay,” Tony said with a smile. “We’ve got time.”
“Would you like me to let Captain Rogers know that you're in Kabara?” Vision asked. He didn't even try to pretend that he hadn't been colluding with his AI behind Tony's back.
He scowled in the general direction of the camera. “I can’t sleep,” he told her.
Tony’s thunked back on the wall behind him. “Do you reckon we made it stick?” he asked.
~~~O~~~~
Steve knew suddenly. He closed his eyes. “Howard and Maria were assassinated by the Winter Soldier.” It wasn’t a question.
They both sat silent for a moment, contemplating that. “Yeah,” Tony nodded. “You're right. Totally gay.”
The light sparkling at the corner of his vision heralded the onset of a panic attack as he grabbed at his chest, pushing at the flesh as though he could get his heart to work harder, work better.
“He's not going to last much longer.” Bruce came into the office, for once the doctor and not the mouse. “If there is a plan, we need to act on it now.”
Steve’s gaze flew back up. “What?”
“What is?” Bruce asked, keying in the passcode to his lab.
The grin he got in return was almost
“Rhodey.” Pepper’s voice was softer now. “We can kick their asses later. Tony needs us to be calm.”
“But the ocean.” Loki’s normally pale face was even whiter than usual.
“The instructions are on the laptop provided,” Vision said; something thoughtful in that dispassionate tone. “Mr. Stark said that he hopes you get what you need when you use it.”
Yay! The finale is coming. I'm going to be very sad to say goodbye to these guys. Thanks for sticking with me. Lordy. Y'all deserve medals or something.
Bucky was currently not in the building. “What’s going on?” he asked Bruce, worried about Bucky’s lack of response.
Tony clasped a hand to his chest. “I am a delight,” he gasped. “Everyone wants to be me or be
And he kissed him.
Tony squared his shoulders and headed downstairs to open the door. Vision and Rhodey were in the living room, not even trying to hide their curiosity. Peter came out of the kitchen with Bruce at his heels. He waggled his eyebrows salaciously at Tony. “Humanah, humanah, humanah,” he intoned.
~o0o~
The words were simple enough, but they hit all of them like bullets. Steve could see his friends flinch.
“Thor Odinson will be there?” he asked, slightly breathless as Atlantis once again eased Steve’s way.
It was one long shriek of pain as she sliced through thought, ripping him apart. He was vaguely aware of the others reacting in the same way. Ropes of red entwined them all, slashing them into atoms of agony.
“I think this might be a solo mission after all, Capsicum,” Tony murmured.
“That guy was a bit of an ass,” Steve said, pushing at the ground with one lazy foot to set the hammock swinging again.
Tony jerked his gaze away from said ass. “I am absolutely
“Sorry,” he whispered into her hair. “I’m not responsible for adulting.”
“Keep Loki away from my boyfriends!” Tony shouted as Vision practically picked him up.
He watched the three of them head out, assuring them he was on their heels. He had a call to make.
I may not be able to post for the next couple of days - RL calls.
“The blond over there,” Tony said, turning Bucky so that he could see where Steve was dancing with Wanda.
“What is this?” the American asked with a frown.
“I’m sorry, but why would I do that?” Tony asked, Bruce still limpeting against him.
Steve couldn’t hide his own grin.
Tony gets Fury to make a promise. Oh lord not another weird object. Clint phones a friend(s)
“And Clinton won’t be a problem,” Laura promised, an almost manic gleam in her eye.
“A reaper,” Sam repeated.
“Because that’s a great idea,” Clint sneered. “The strongest guy we know getting drunk. Those things always end well.”
“Bingo.” Barton shot pistol fingers at Scott, who bowed.
“I’ll fucking kill him!” The scream that cut through his mental fog had Tony spinning around in time to have Bucky smash his fist into his face. “What did you do with him?” Tony could recognize the fear in Bucky’s face. He relished the pain from the punch.
Tony shook his head. “Believe me, if I thought there was any other way, I’d take it.” He made a move towards Ross, noting the recoil away from him. “What’s it going to be, Mr. Secretary?”
Wanda blinked. “I don’t understand.” Her face twisted in confusion, looking so young that Steve felt guilty about cornering her like this.
“What will that involve?” Natasha asked, all business.
“What can we do to help?” Tony wasn't the sort of guy to sit back and wait for things to happen. He tended to make things happen. Bruce in the tower was a perfect example.
Tony shrugged, leaning one hip against the thick glass wall surrounding the platform. “It still hurts when I think about my parents.” He looked out at the cityscape. “And finding out that Bucky was the one…”
Tony’s startled gaze flew up to meet Steve’s. “You haven’t told me everything about that other life, have you?” Over the years, Tony had squeezed tiny bits of Steve’s other story out of him. Mostly so that he wouldn’t do something that would put him in danger. Again. That, or someone else in danger. It’s why they’d kept Peter a secret.
“Nothing happened,” Tony hissed, going on the offensive immediately.
“No.” That reply came from both Rhodey and Bruce.
“Well, that isn’t good news,” Rhodey said. “Next?”
And then she began to put him back together. Slowly. Carefully. Precisely. Parts of stars and bits of planets slid together as Atlantis created a heart for him.
Steve stood up, offering his jacket to the new arrival. “You might want to cover up,” he suggested.
I struggled with this but I hope that it works. Let me know. As you do <3
“And then we’re going to have to figure out how to stop whoever it is that’s hunting for the Infinity Stones,” Steve said.
Bucky turned to him. “I don’t like it.”
“Sergeant Barnes is in bed, but he too is not asleep.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. paused. “He is however, attempting to
Crowley’s sharp gaze turned to Tony. “I know who you are,” he said, tapping a well-manicured finger against his lips. “You’re Tony Stark.”
“I did.”
. I AM SO SCARED! May 6th cannot get here fast enough.
“I haven’t heard that one before,” Tony said, towing Steve after him.
“Very dramatic,” Bucky agreed with a grin at Steve.
“Good night, boss,” she said, a slight preen in her tone.
“Geez, Tony, warn a guy.” Steve clutched at his pounding chest. “Besides, shouldn’t that be a penny?”
“Get over it, Stark,” Bucky said. “It’s all about the arm.”
Tony shrugged. “I’m not known for making the best plans.” Bruce just sighed and continued mining the information from SHIELD.
hate,” Rhodey affirmed.
Steve had started counting those smiles. He hadn't realized how precious they were until they didn't show up on a face that was meant to always be smiling.
Hell yet and I’m fucking terrified,” Clint muttered.
“That’s what I thought,” Tony murmured, looking down at the robotic arm in his hand. God, he knew he was going to fuck this up. Steve would know what to say, how to handle Barnes. Tony was a mess himself, how on earth was he going to be able to help him?
Tony scratched at his chin. “Not that I’m a practicing anything, but that sounds a lot like the temple from the Bible.”
“I know,” Steve sighed, rubbing at his eyes. “It’s just, with you dressed like that…”
They'd finally landed on the beach of one of the small islands. Clint had flat-out demanded some rest. Steve hadn't been in a position to argue. They'd been going flat-out for hours.
Tony had to remind himself that this urbane looking man was actually a demon,
“Nuh-uh, boss,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. tutted. “You know the rules.”
ready for this date. So Pepper and Natasha take him in hand. No, not that way! Ugh, you guys are filthy.
“Set, the demon wishes to return to the mortal realm,” Wanda said, watching Vision. “The Serpent Crown is his key to the lock between worlds.” Everyone else, including Thor, took a step back.
Rhodey grinned at him. “I’ve been getting you like that for thirty years, Tones. Every goddamn time.”
“Shut up, you’re making too much noise.” Bucky’s sleepy grumble had them both swinging around to look at him.
Steve didn’t move. “When this is over. When we’ve handled Thanos once and for all, we’re going to talk.”
“I love
“Um, you’re welcome?” Tony didn’t see the problem.
“I am
take anything Tony said at face value?”
“You’re a horrible person, Pooh Bear.” Tony’s throat was tight.
When he’d made a comment about it, Bucky had laughed. “Don’t tell Tony. His head is already way too big.”
didn’t want to step through that door.
“This is all very Jules Verne,” Tony mumbled. “Not exactly what I was expecting.” The floor beneath him became soft suddenly, giving way to his feet like a sponge. “Just tell me that whatever I’m walking on isn’t alive,” he begged.
“I didn’t see a metal arm,” Natasha noted. “Tony must have had fun.”
Tony’s pacing grew more frantic. “Yeah, a time heist. Of course, why didn't we think of this before? Oh, because it's laughable?”
“I usually am.” Strange’s mouth twisted in a small smile. “Would you show me the formula?”
Tony tried for an offended expression but it just looked like he had eaten something nasty. “That’s just rude,” he declared. “Why assume that I’ve done something?”
Tony’s jaw dropped as he gaped at Steve. “What the fuck?”
~~~O~~~~
“That was my understanding.” Thor nodded. “But as I have been banished, much could have occurred in my absence.” He looked tired suddenly. “My brother has never been satisfied. His desire for power has always been greater than the appetite Jörmungandr has for eating worlds.”
“Shut the fuck up, all of you. Get in the fucking Quinjet.
Everyone took a breath.
he’s dead, now are you?” He spat the words, the inevitable anger spilling out.
“I can’t help it if I’m awesome,” Tony protested, already scheming how to break Bucky’s resolve.
“I wept when she showed me the death of our people,” Thor confessed to him, lifting a hand to brush against Loki’s hair.
drunk enough for this. “For the last fucking time, I didn't steal anyone's boyfriend.”
“Sure, He-Man.” Bruce sounded way too skeptical.
Satan didn’t look so scary there in his light blue shirt and grey pants. He was about Tony’s height with dirty blond hair, a strong jaw and bright, laughing eyes. “How do you know my name?” Tony asked.
The sound of something huge crashing outside the Sanctum had them all rushing towards the door. There were people screaming and running and debris flying in the air.
“So, you got a place for me in your swanky tower?” Rhodey asked.
“It’s a lot different than it was in our day.”
want the mental image of the two of you doing the nasty in my head, Rogers!” Rhodes called after them. “Stop that right now!”
Steve tensed up when the doors swept open again. The President and four others stumbled out. “Sir!” Rhodey was at his side first. “Are you okay?”
Richards grimaced. “Damned by faint praise indeed.”
He gaped as Thor threw Jane in the air with a yell and caught her again before her shriek had finished echoing around the ballroom.
"F.R.I.D.A.Y. I swear to god I am rewriting your program in my head right now!” Tony had been betrayed.
Tony pretended to pout as he pulled back. “I could totally be Han Solo,” he insisted. It was the principle of the thing.
Tony woke to the smell of coffee. He realized only once he’d rolled off the bed that someone had moved him while he’d been sleeping.
“So much of possible, buddy. In fact, it’s highly probable that your little exercise in revenge on your dad is going to end up destroying your world as well as ours. You ever heard of a little thing called Ragnarök?” Tony decided that being tactful with the jolly blue giant was over-rated.
“Buck asked me to draw one of my first memories of him,” Steve said, offering Sam the notebook. It was a simple sketch of two boys back to back surrounded by a circle of other boys. All of their fists were up.
Bruce gave a short laugh. “No, you're just incredibly self-involved.”
Thor stiffened. “My brother has tried all he can to set right what he has done wrong,” he challenged. “Forgiveness is a human trait I’ve always believed is the best of all mortal traits.”
“Stark...” And pity on anyone's face was just never going to cut it, Tony thought. Especially Barton's.
Steve shook his head. “No. This time, we read them properly. Maybe have a round-table read and take the time to understand what they involve; who we’re accountable to, what is required of us. Tony didn’t go into the UN without making sure we….” He stopped. “He didn’t abandon us, even though we abandoned him.”
Billie laughed. It wasn’t pretty. “Oh, is that
Steve shook his head. “I don’t know. But we’ve got enough time to find out, right?”
Tony practically bounced as they headed back to the lab.
we do without you?”
Tony stuck out his tongue. “You know how I like my flash, Pepper-pot,” he said, holding the tee up. “This isn’t exactly screaming that I’m dateable.”
Once the yelling stopped, Tony took charge again. “So, on the subject of Bruce Banner’s symbiotic twin, the Hulk, it’s under control. Capisce?” He looked around, meeting several of their gazes.
“I know,” Steve said, leaning in so that he was breathing softly against Tony’s lips. Without permission, Tony’s mouth opened and for that moment they were taking in each other’s air. It was intimate as fuck and Tony felt that squirrelly tension twist in his stomach again.
Atlantis cooed as Steve said down in the control chair. She latched onto his beautiful genes with greed, hurling her adoration at him.
He was smiling too.
Thor frowned. “This is no mere crisis, my metal friend. This is the possible end of all things.”
Bucky frowned. “What?”
“This is Councilman Yamamoto, Councilman Chayka, Councilman Hogan and Councilwoman Delany.” She introduced them one at a time, Tony moving down the line, shaking hands with each of them. He was relying on Vision to analyze body language and vitals to look over later. “Representing the East, the West, the North and the South.”
Bile rose in Steve’s throat. “Bruce knew.”
“Well, Nat obviously does,” Bruce said, sitting on the roller chair and pushing himself across the room with a lazy foot.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked.
Rhodey sighed. “Sometimes I just wish you weren’t so smart, Tones.”
They started trickling in after that. One by one, the team crept into the tower, took up residence in their suites and made Tony feel whole again.
Some little bee buzzed in the back of Tony’s mind. A memory, a possibility, a hope. But it was always just out of reach.
~o0o~
Tony wanted to murder her with his bare hands. Only Bucky’s hand on his shoulder stopped him.
“It’s okay,” Tony assured him. “I’m glad you did. You’re welcome here, stay as long as you want. As long as you need.”
" Jörmungandr peered at Strange curiously. “
Fuck. “Not.” Tony said the one word, flat and hard, leaving no room for questions.
Loki’s shoulders hunched up around his ears. “They’re not very smart,” he mumbled. That earned him a hard poke from Thor. “Well, they aren’t!” he said. “I managed to fool them for eons before they suspected anything was amiss.” He arched an eyebrow at Thor. “I fooled even you, brother dear.”
Yeah.
“She’s right.” Tony had moved away from Bucky, breathing easier. “I’m a big boy. Let’s make like a Band-Aid and rip it off as quickly we can.” He walked out of the kitchen into the dining room. The table was long and big enough for them all to find a seat.
,” he mumbled. He tumbled off his chair and crawled under his workbench which, all things considered, was an appropriate response.
Thor held out his arms and Matilda leaped into them. The rumbling purr that started immediately after had them staring.
“They were murdered.” Bruce’s blunt words broke into the fraught atmosphere. Tony hadn’t even heard the elevator arrive once more. The rest of the team came in with him.
Tony recognized emotional manipulation when it smacked him upside the head. He was too comfortable to call Bucky on it though. “Going to space,” he mumbled into his pillow.
Bucky tugged the glasses off. “You need to get past this, Steve.” His eyes were hard. “I am who I am, who I was. That’s not going away.”
“Where?” Steve demanded. “We at least need to know if we’re walking into a trap.”
Thor came barreling into the room, stumbling into Bucky. “Loki! I told you to remain at my side at all times!”
“Were you planning on telling us about Heimdall at any point?” Steve asked, his tone dangerously quiet.
Tony’s mouth fell open. “What?” He pinched his thigh to assure himself that he wasn’t dreaming. “I was
Bucky looked pissed off. “Seriously?” he grumbled. “They couldn’t have waited for five minutes?”
“Huh.” Tony thought about it for a moment. “So if you’re right then me loving two people should work?” He liked that theory. He didn’t even have a heart attack using the ‘L’ word.
“Hey!” Tony felt the need to protest. Mildly. Because, yes, it was true, but still….
The doors opened and Thor strode in. Tony thought that he’d never seen anyone who looked more like the cover of a bad bodice ripper than Thor.
“Natasha I can understand,” Steve said, ignoring the biting words. “She came to us at your request.”
“Three’s the thing.” Rhodes turned around, eyes stormy. “He doesn’t hate any of you. He’s a sentimental fool who has spent most of his life buying people to show him affection. What the hell do you think the Avengers Tower was? He didn’t need to keep you all close.”
He looked.
“The feeling is entirely mutual, Capsicle,” Tony told him, leaning back so that his dick pushed against Steve’s abdomen.
“I probably will,” Steve told him. “We’re always going to butt heads.”
Steve pulled out carefully, turning Tony into his arms, back to front. The little spoon, Tony thought. Figured.
“Yeah, not feeling real excited about that,” Bucky drawled. “I prefer to have my feet on the ground.” His heat was a comforting line behind Tony. For a moment, he forgot.
“Don’t forget the mead,” Steve mumbled into Tony’s shoulder, cuddling closer. “The mead is like Red Bull on crack.”
“That’s kind of redundant, man,” Sam said with a grin.
The rear doors of the chamber opened, several ushers came in carrying folders that they started handing out to the delegates.
sorry. I got retrenched. Then COVID hit and here in South Africa we were in a hard lockdown so I couldn't look for a job.
Tony ducked as a car crashed into a pole nearby him. Steve muscled him out of the way. “Be careful,” he said. Tony didn’t miss that Sam and the Soldier were flanking Cap.
He had absolutely no idea who Bucky was now. He wondered if Tony knew him better than Steve did. Tony surely knew
Tony shook his head. “You are actually the worst of all of us,” he marveled. “Nobody knows what an asshole you are.”
Steve was usually pretty clueless to modern emotional cues having been frozen solid for so long, but Bucky saw right through him. It had taken Tony by surprise. And then intrigued him.
Clint did the same, fist-bumping Sam. “The Kardashians have nothing on the Avengers,” he agreed.
Tony wobbled when Fury retorted, “Oh! You kiss your mother with that mouth?” Tony cackled like a crazy person and, then refocused on the task at hand.
Poking.
Rhodey and Steve have the
~~~~~~
“We won’t,” Steve assured her. “We can’t.”
Tony rubbed at his eyes. “I asked the World Security Council to go through my suggestions first. Before I came before you. I requested them to go through my suggestions, to schedule this meeting because you’d never listen if I was the one asking.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony apologized. It was inadequate, but she was owed at least that.
Steve nodded. “And you said something about some metal shavings from the crown?”
“If he’d called you and told you that I’d shown up at his door, what would you have done?” Bucky looked at him, waiting.
“Tony.” Steve clamped a hand on Tony’s knee. “You’re not helping me here. I’d be quite happy to head out there without aerial support if you’re not going to take this seriously.”
Vision popped up on the patio, face confused. “I may have interrupted something,” he said as he walked inside.
Steve shrugged. “That has always been our biggest problem. Our first inclination was to fight, remember?”
Bruce shook his head. “No, there hasn’t been any record, which makes it even more fascinating.”
“Do you believe that weapons should be given out indiscriminately, with no controls in place?” T’Challa’s dark eyes were fixed on Steve’s face.
Tony would be eternally grateful for the fact that JARVIS continued to admit people he liked without telling Tony, because he had literally no idea what to say. And with Tony, that was almost a miracle.
Coulson merely smiled a shark-like smile that gave away nothing. “And you weren’t itching to get your hands on that engine?”
“Hear what?” Fury’s question had Tony spinning with a squeak, karate-chopping the air.
Her smile was wistful. “No, Tony. It’s always been yours. I guess that should have been a warning sign right there.” She walked out of the kitchen, stilettos clicking against the tiles.
“I hear ya,” Dean agreed. “But it grows on you.”
Currently, they were both shirtless, chests pressed against each other as they kissed, hands wandering and cocks hard and desperate. It had been a long, cold winter, summer, spring and fall for Tony. Since falling for Steve, nobody else had even been close to appealing.
Strange shook his head. “No can do.”
And Steve wanted to say no. He wanted to protest and demand that his team love his friend as much as he did. His heart felt so full he worried about it bursting.
Steve blinked. “Hey, Bruce.”
Steve was definitely going to have to teach him some respect.
“Tony!” Steve’s shout brought his attention back to the spider-monkey-monster thing that seemed determined to peel him out of the suit.
“Okay.” Tony didn’t have a clue what he was going to say. He followed Bucky’s exit to the garden.
“April third,” Bucky said.
Bruce’s strangled laughter had Tony grinning harder.
“I shall bring you something of great worth,” Thor vowed. “This I swear.”
Tony tries not to talk. Bruce makes him. Bucky makes a confession.
“Huh,” Tony said. He looked over at Rhodes. “So why isn’t this stupid piece of material all gushy over my soulmate?”
Sam glared at the feather stuck on his upper lip. “Barton?” he growled, blowing it away.
She pulled away. “Lying to me is one thing, Stark, lying to yourself is another thing entirely.”
She nodded. “I’ll make arrangements to find another place,” she said.
“Amendment here, Tony.
“Sometimes you aren’t completely stupid,” Natasha told him with a smirk. She got up and kissed his cheek. “You need to get your head together, Steve. If Thor is scared for what is coming, then I’m afraid too.”
Tony knew that he wasn’t off the hook, but the laughing Norse god who swept him up in his arms had a reluctant smile crossing Steve’s face. “Good to see you, buddy,” Steve said, holding a hand out. “Exceptional timing.”
“So noted, sir, but I'm sure I can do that myself.” She sounded a little put-out.
“Tony, then,” Sam said.
Steve grinned, pressing a kiss to Bucky’s soft mouth. “I’m the team leader,” he explained. “It’s kinda my job.”
“Shut up,” Steve muttered, but he didn’t deny it either.
Steve got up then and walked over to where Loki and Thor sat. He crouched down in front of them. “I’m really sorry to hear about what happened to you, Loki.” His voice was very careful. Tony had never been more proud to know him. “I can’t give back what was taken from you, but perhaps I can help you to avenge it.”
be a girl not-cat thing?” Clint hissed to Steve.
Pepper was pouring tea, sitting in between Happy and Rhodey, smiling at something Rhodey was saying.
Steve didn’t look like he’d just been handed heaven on a plate, no matter
“Tony?” Steve’s concerned voice made Tony look into his eyes. “Are you okay?” He smiled ruefully. “Sorry, we didn’t mean to exclude you. I guess we’re going to have to figure out how things will work.”
think I could fly."  The latter was for Steve who he knew was still listening even if he didn't know how.
"You're full of shit, Rogers.  I hope you know that," Fury said, but he was smiling.  Steve knew for a fact that Fury loved the Avengers' brand of bullshit, even when it drove him mad.  "But you happen to be right about that.  None of that shipping business though.  I know Romanov has sent you something, so do us both a favor and delete it."
, you bastard."
It was clear they were being ungrateful guests, especially considering all that Stark
On the screen, Susan met the mob, her armor firing into the line of Skrull soldiers.  Kes was on her way here, and he sent her an alert, praying she'd check her com unit.
"Doesn't always work, but I do try.  I am, so to speak, only human," Tony said with a shrug.  Jealousy, at least, had never been something he had to fight too hard.
"Pararescue.  Not much call for it in the regular service, but he's damned good at it and I don't go out without him. I think he misses flying, though he wouldn't remember that.  Saved my life more than once," Steve said, his smile fond.
"Steve.  Your dragon as a human," Rhodey clarified.
so much?"
Shoving his hands in his pockets, Stark shrugged again.  His shoulders stayed slightly hunched over.  "It wasn't that big of a deal.  Future investment, like I said.  And Dani's working here for a scholarship to finish out her degree and go into accounting, so just doubling down on my money."
Tony gasped, pushing his arm down as he tried to grasp at the breath that remained so elusive.  He wanted to push the goddamned dragon away, but the sense of calming redoubled and he was able to breathe a little easier for it.
"Cap and I agree with you on that," Tony said.  "Scanning for any other-"
It was warmer inside and he could probably walk, but Rhodey didn't let him down and Tony didn't ask.  He had the feeling that he would be cold again even with the air ship's heating if he was put down, and he wasn't sure he could handle that on top of the night.
Tony rolled, then righted himself as he looked around.  He saw the culprit flying across the way.  He swore.
Tony knocked off the now black device and looked around.  "Did it work?" he asked frantically, until his eyes landed on Steve.
"Mute," Tony gasped, hands going to his ears.  The gauntlets ground against the helmet, making the sound worse.  He put them down and fired wildly as he saw red out of the corner of his eye.  Not blood.
Tony stood, uncertain if he was going to bolt or agree.  Steve seemed to be wondering the same, if the way he was watching Tony was anything to go by.  But Tony's feet seemed to move forward of their own accord, and soon he was in front of Steve.  He leaned over until their noses were almost brushing, his hands planted on the table on either side of Steve as Tony boxed him in.  "This is what you want?" Tony asked, shivering slightly at the lack of space.  "Are you sure it's still not the wrong time?"
Half an hour later he climbed onto Steve's neck, feeling his stomach drop away as Steve launched them into the sky.  Without the rope Steve usually brought there was no way to perform some of the trick moves the dragons liked to show off with (and Tony privately loved the adrenaline rush).  But Steve felt just as tired as Tony was, making Tony wonder at just what sort of disturbance had happened in the north plains.
Tony wasn't a small man, but he felt small in Steve's arms.  He wondered what it would have been like to meet Steve before the serum.  He thought back to the pictures of a skinny man with a list of health problems and shook his head.  Only Steve would be that stubborn.  Too damn stubborn to die even back then.
She stopped when she felt a hand entangle with hers, looking down to see Leo's fingers entwined with hers.  He still didn't meet her eyes, which she was privately glad of for once, because she felt her face heat up as she tried to hide her blush.  "Leo..."
The relief that rushed through Steve was almost painful.  A wave of Tony's own relief flooded through him.  The city was safe.  He hadn't ruined everything.  He was safe too, and so were the others.  And with Steve curled around him, he could relax. He was just about to let himself pass out from the exhaustion when the ground shook violently, jerking him awake and shooting adrenaline through his system.
Five minutes later, he was fired.  "Seriously, Steve?  Those are so clunky they could sink the Titanic."
The next wall showed dragons of all different colors flying to a great opening - a cavern? - with the last dragon flying up to the sun one last time before heading down.
"Because of the exposure," Jan said, as if it was the most natural thing.  "Everyone we've talked to says I'm not 'popular enough' and getting the media to give me more exposure is like pulling nails.  Every time we save the day it's only you, Thor, and Tony in the pictures."
"Not my secret to tell," Natasha replied.  "Just trust us, Steve.  Give us two weeks once we're back in the country.  Fury knows what to do if there's a real emergency."
Steve was distracted slightly by the way Tony's tongue was sticking out slightly as he tried to cut smoothly along the lines.  When Jan started speaking, he forced his eyes away from Tony's mouth and politely on her eyes.  She smiled slyly, and he knew he'd been caught.  "Because they're making an Ant-Man movie without me in it!" she said.
look at the security footage," she threatened.
"You've ended up with your head in my lap the past few days, or have you been too sleepy in the morning to realize that?  You might as well get comfortable now," Tony said.
, hearing all those times Clint was pushing to get an answer, or when Steve was acting too judgmental, or just the team indulging in gossip on their downtime.  He'd never once defended himself, just accepting the Avengers' words as truth.
He would be angry, but he probably deserved that one too.  He would not give her the satisfaction of yelling though.  Or, at least, he tried not to yelp.
Steve sighed.  He
Steve let out a frustrated noise.  "Tony, I saw-"
"Alright!" Jan said.  "We can work you in.  We don't want to make you into a villain though, because that's a stereotype we don't need to play into.  How about you and Carol save me through the power of Friendship?  You can catch me when I swoon when the chip is broken.  Oh!  Or you could save Tony!  I can kidnap him and have him in my villainous clutches!"  The latter she said looking at Steve specifically, and he hated the mischief in her voice.
Tony wondered what it would be like to never see the stars, the moon, or to never feel the sun on his back.  He shivered despite the warmth of Steve's body.  "The stars they're...  They're distant.  Just like small lights in the sky.  Sometimes I look up at the stars and I feel... small.  But they're also comforting.  They look a little different depending on where you are, but they're always in the same formations.  A lot of sailors use them to navigate."
"Dragons like warm things, and it's not too hot," Steve said, rubbing Tony's cheek as he stared into Tony's eyes.  "Dance with me."
Any reply Tony might have had was stolen from him as the air was ripped from his lungs.  He gasped for breath as Steve dove, blacking out without the suit to protect him at such fast speeds.
He tried to remember if any hangover he had before the serum had been as bad.  He hadn't had many, because Bucky said he got into way too many bar fights after a few drinks and heart attacks were not how Bucky wanted to die according to his friend.  Steve didn't think any of them had hurt this much, though.
If you were wondering what song Tony was humming at the end, I'm torn between Begin the Beguine and Looking at You.  They both work rather well, especially the latter.  I'm pretty sure I've used it in a Steve/Tony fic before though.  Ah, well.  My Cole Porter fangirl is showing.
"Tony was wounded in the fight, and he was out of it for the press conference Coulson had to give.  He went online, once we gave him a tablet, to see the reactions," Rhodey said, quieter.  "In the same article, people would call Tony Stark the Merchant of Death and claim he's backsliding to his old ways while praising Iron Man's heroics.  He didn't want a good thing to be put through the mud just because of his name."
"Be careful," Steve said as Tony walked inside.
He was going to do this with more dignity than letting her ease him into dropping his guard, however.  "Am I..." he asked tentatively, then steeled himself.  "Am I in love with Tony?"
"I heard someone say that dragons dance even in war.  And I remembered humans do a lot of dancing during it too," Tony said as he started to pet Steve's head again.  The grief started to subside little by little, but it never went away either now that Tony could identify the emotion.  It settled into a dull ache that Tony was very familiar with.
"Thor, Mr. Stark says Dr. Foster's phone isn't on and he needs her on the line, ASAP," Iron Man snapped.
"It is, actually.  Do you know how you're going to get down?"
"You're one to talk," Steve replied.  He knew how much transforming back from the Hulk took out of Bruce.
That hit her like a punch to the gut, Kor'la'vin's words coming back twofold.  "You saw what I did.  God, she was counting on me
"Because Fury is refusing to do anything, citing international incidents.  He also said that if I got on a plane, it would be shot down.  And he's blocking my passport for commercial flights," Steve said, continuing his assault on the bag.  He jabbed and followed through with a vicious uppercut that sent the bag to a sixty degree angle Iron Man had to avoid.
The Avengers alarm blared, causing both of them to jump.  "We'll finish this later," Steve promised.
She was practically weightless.  As he moved her, he got a brief glance at the scar running down the left side of her face, hidden behind the cascade of hair.  It looked deep and vicious in a way that left Tony surprised that it hadn't taken out her eye entirely.  Also very angry, because the fact that it hadn't included the loss of her eye implied the scar to be deliberately planned by whoever had given it to her.  "How did...?" he half-asked.
He wouldn't have been surprised if Iron Man laughed at him for that, but he didn't.  Instead, he reached over and squeezed Steve's shoulder gently.  "Mind control," he repeated.  "It sucks, but it really wasn't your fault.  You're not a bully, Steve.  Never will be."
His phone beeped, and he put down the drawing of Peggy he'd been doing.  Picking it up, he raised an eyebrow, then looked at Wanda.  She waved.
Tony didn't relax immediately, but he stopped struggling.  He felt someone large moving in behind him, warm and comforting.  Not threatening, but giving off heat like a furnace in a way that started to relax Tony's tense shoulders as the stream of calming words continued.
"It's... muffled," Steve said, finally settling his wings, but not looking happy for it.
"So that's it?  Don't kill the messenger but it's all doom and gloom?" Tony asked incredulously.  "No offense, Ma'am, but I'll make my own destiny if those are your predictions."
Tony held his breath, his cheek almost close enough to brush against Steve's.  Steve flicked through the tablet Tony had left on the table, apparently giving their closeness no mind.  He closed out all the programs with ease.  "I think you've done enough work for the day."
"Suzie," Leon said, and Tony could hear how choked his voice was.  "Kes can't perform miracles.  The crystal-"
Keeping his gun steady, Tony peeked out from behind his rock.  There were no humans there, but two dragons.  The first, the one that attacked him, was dark blue with two horns on its head and a long, spiked neck.  Two giant wings spanned out behind it, obviously agitated and the dragon had a truly frightening set of claws that Tony didn't want to meet personally.  In the center of its chest was a silver star made of some sort of stone ornament.
It was a sea of calming blue and white.  There was worry and anger in the distance, but the calm was stronger, enveloping him with a warmth that Tony could almost feel.  "Steve," he said, barely above a whisper.  "You gotta...  You have to get out."
They could all 'speak' English because it was mind to mind, rather than with words - apparently last time they had been 'speaking' in German, but Peggy liked English names better.  Dragons lived for around a thousand years, and Sharon was matured, but still very young in dragon terms.  Dragons lived in clans that occasionally visited, sometimes fought, but mostly left each other alone due to distances and travel dangers.  There were ancient legends about the sky and traveling underground due to the dangers of humans, and Tony wondered if there weren't some truth to the old stories of dragons that he had grown up with.  They never ended well for the dragons.
Through it all, Steve stood silently to the side, somehow managing to find the perfect spot where the nurses could get around him despite his big bulk.  Tony didn't meet his eyes, debating prolonging the nurses visit, but instead silently taking their administrations and answering questions with short, succinct replies.  At least his throat had receded to a dull throb instead of the raw pain from earlier.
He knelt down, picking up the gun and checking it over carefully.  He was going to have to start conserving bullets soon, and he didn't like to think of what else they might come across in this jungle.  Next time he was with the suit, he was going to try detaching one of the gauntlets.  That would at least have a renewable power source and he'd designed it so that it should be possible.
"Natasha," he said disapprovingly.
Tony didn't ask how much she knew of the rest.  She was Steve's confidante, so he might have told her.  Even if Steve hadn't, she was good at reading people and was smart enough to fill in the gaps.
"Why?" Tony asked, still not looking up.  "If you knew that, why did you stay?"
Steve still jumped even with the warning, and Tony's hand froze.  When Steve didn't move, he started a soothing motion of running his finger's through Steve's sweat-soaked hair.   It was almost like he was petting Steve, but it felt good so he didn't mind it if he were being honest with himself.
Tony groaned, headache pounding as he debated the merits of waking up or just fading back into oblivion.  He ached all over and when he coughed because of the dust, more pain shot through him.
Tony didn't open his eyes.  It was a dumb tactic, but maybe if he ignored the illusions long enough, they would leave him alone.
and Tony felt small and inadequate next to him. Steve was smart and funny and all of the dragons here loved him.  He worked so hard for the city all his life when Tony had spent most of his life doing nothing but searching for a cure to his failing heart.  Steve made him want to be better.
Steve thought about it.  He really wanted to keep punching things, but that never solved anything back when he'd first woken up.  Fury was, annoyingly enough, right about trying to get him back in the world.  "Alright," he said with a sigh.  "Though I don't think I'll be very good company at the moment."
Natasha was stretched out on the couch reading when they found her.  "Really?  Tolstoy?" Tony said as they came in.  "Isn't that a little too Red for a turncoat to read?"
"Bravo, Cap!" Tony gave him a round of applause.
"So what do you do out here while I'm digging?" Tony asked the next day at lunch. This time Steve hadn't attacked him when he came out with the suit, so he figured he'd just keep it on.
"I shouldn't have yelled at you like that.  You told me you answer to him first and in that situation he was in a better position than me to make calls," Steve said with a sigh.  "That doesn't mean I agree with what you did, but I can understand.  Just...  What happens when it's the Avengers or Stark in a higher stakes mission?  I can't just have parts of my team running off."
"She thinks embarrassing Rhodey about his childhood hero-worship will get him to wake up.  Either that or his jealousy for her meeting you first," Tony said, smiling into his cup.
Tony swallowed, looking down at the folder in trepidation.  He set the sandwich aside and picked up the folder, flipping it open.
"You're the one with the plan," Tony muttered.  He wasn't supposed to sleep, he remembered.  He thought back to see if he could remember a plan, but if he'd had one it escaped him.
"Okay, ducklings.  Thanks for restoring me, Little Bird, but I think I need some alone time with Cap."
," Tony said, stepping back.  "The man I married had
Finally, he tried focusing on the words, making them out to be Steve.  "
"So she's really dead?" Susan asked, the empty feeling Tony had described earlier settling in.
"Natasha?" Tony asked, the lack of nickname giving away his uncertainty even when his voice sounded steady.
"It's supposed to be good for the soul," Tony replied, not looking up as he pushed away the onions with a few blinks to clear his eyes.  Then he pulled the chicken breasts closer and started to take out the tendons.
"I should get back there and see what's going on," Sam said.
He crossed his arms in front of his chest.  That always looked intimidating when he was in the suit, but Steve seemed distinctly unimpressed.  Given that Tony had just been laughing at Steve, he supposed that was well deserved.  He hid a smile even if Steve couldn't see it.
"What's more important than fighting with the others?" Steve demanded, anger in his wings as he spread them intimidatingly.  "No one is dying here.  We can fight this!"
The words stopped Susan, her mouth falling wide.  "But-"
"I can't be that far underground," Tony said, gritting his teeth.  Aside from the science that said it just wasn't possible for him to fall and survive even with the suit, Tony couldn't have fallen too far.  Unless Viper had picked up some actual magic down here and caught him too when she was trying to save herself, which he was not putting his survival down to.
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony said politely, wondering if he was required to do the cheek greeting he had done with Peggy.
Clint laughed. 'You can't be on our team, sucker!'
Tony ran after his new friend and followed him to the pool. The pool itself wasn't heated, but there was a little hot tub right next to it. Big enough for about five people. Tony hurried to his car to get his own swimming trunks. He changed in a shower stall before he walked to the pool. Steve was already swimming around and Tony had to tear his eyes away from his naked chest. The man looked amazing.
The sound of a gunshot shut them both up. People started screaming, some people were trying to run. Everyone was panicking. Glass was shattering in several places, chairs fell over, and the sounds of footsteps was everywhere. Steve wanted to look up, but Tony pushed his head down again.
'Are you dressed?' Tony asked.
Clint wanted to take a closer look, but Tony stopped him. ‘All the people who have been here died, I wouldn’t get too close if I were you. Let’s throw something in to see if it’s really lava.’
'That sounds like we're cheating on Sam,' Steve laughed. 'Like I'm the housewife who's  waiting in her negligee until the plumber comes to fix her sink while her husband is out.'
'You really refuse to tell me his real name?' Tony sighed.
'Stefanie, that guy today, have you seen him? The one with the leather jacket? He came to you a few nights ago.'
She showed Steve a huge room, overly decorated in red, pink and gold. There was a small dance floor, a big bar, plenty of tables, chairs and plush couches. All windows were covered with big, red curtains, the walls were decorated with erotic, yet classy, art, and there was a dark wooden floor that looked polished. Since the room was pretty much square, you could see everything from every table. It would be good for observing.
‘Okay, what’s our plan?’ Clint asked, stepping through the door. When nothing happened Tony followed him. ‘This place is huge, that dragon could be anywhere. And how are we going to find our soldier boy?’
The construction didn't work. Tony tried to run down the hill, he tried jumping of a meter high wall, he tried jumping out of a tree, he tried everything, for hour and hours, but nothing worked. Once again they tried with Steve, but the wings were too heavy for him and he had a hard time lifting up his arms.
'Please, just call me Tony,' Tony said. 'Steve, sorry for everything I just did. I mean, your donuts really are orgasmic, but if you don't want it broadcasted, I'll talk to the director and stop it. I can understand you don't want the whole country to think you're gay.'
'Sorry, I thought my boss sent you to help me,' Steve laughed.
'Rhodey is only in town for a few days, that's way more important than any meeting!' Tony stated. 'What are you painting? You keep smiling, show me!'
'It was a joke and now everyone knows my donuts are seriously good. It might help me win!' Steve answered. 'And maybe gay guys will finally dare to ask me out. Even if I go to a gay bar they think I'm hetero and I'm just there to support a friend. Apparently it's the muscles. So I have no problems with this being broadcasted.'
‘I really don’t care!’ Tony said. ‘Get out or I’ll call the police and get you all arrested anyway. Or worse, I’ll make you participate in some kind of hunger games and let you all kill each other.’
‘I’ll send him a text after dinner.’
'A broken leg and bruised ribs,' the blond man in the bed said. 'Nothing that won't heal.'
'Yes, come with me,' Julia said a bit desperate.
Steve snorted. ‘I’m older than him. I’m thirty-one and he just turned thirty a few weeks ago.’
Clint wasn’t a bad cook, Tony noted when they were eating the food he prepared. It would come in handy, since they probably had to bring food on their excursion too. Luckily Clint was so much of a dog fan that he was talking to them now, instead of to Tony. This way the genius billionaire could focus on the information again.
‘I slept on the plane, so I’m good. How about we drop my luggage and you take me out for coffee then? I haven’t had a proper cup of coffee for weeks!’
‘One of my friend just told me she arranged this for me,’ Steve said. ‘Her name is Natasha Romanov. She’s been trying to get all her single friends dates. My friends complain about it, but I don’t really mind. It’s nice to meet new people.’
'That's too bad. Want to play with us until you remember?' Steve asked.
'You're bright red,' Bucky noted when he saw his friend.
‘You’re supposed to be my boyfriend, so I’m allowed to look at your ass,’ Tony defended himself. ‘But as an artist you can probably explain to me what’s so good about these paintings. I don’t see it.’
It took a few seconds for Tony to realize what Pepper had said, but when it hit him, she was already gone. That woman always knew everything!
Behind him the robot got squashed like a giant bug. The sounds of metal being crushed was so loud Steve had to cover his ears. Instinctively he pulled up his shield and closed his eyes. He knew he should be watching, but bits of robot and the building were flying around and there was a lot of dust. He didn't see how one of the robot arms was cut off and launched in his direction. Seconds before he was hit he opened his eyes and he tried to  scramble out of the way.
'Sounds good,' Tony said. 'Do you have some place where I can work while we wait for the contestants to finish their pastries? Maybe give my driver a place to relax as well? Or show him around, he loves bakeries.'
‘Me neither,’ said Natasha. ‘We could call someone, but it will take a while before they get here.’
‘Never!’ James said before taking another bite. For a moment the two looked at each other and both started laughing. For a few minutes they could do nothing else but laugh. The whole army situation was forgotten. When they both caught their breath again all the awkwardness was gone and things turned out just as great as on their first date. They talked for hours and had two more coffees, before it was time to leave.
'Stark, Barton, Romanoff, Captain, it's good to see you,' Fury greeted them.
‘That still doesn’t explain why I haven’t seen you around,’ Tony said. ‘But I did hear it has already saved lives.’
‘Awww, so you do care?’ Clint laughed.
‘You’re soaking wet,’ he muttered as he pulled Steve onto the terrace. It was still cold, but at least it was dry.
‘Yeah, the birdie could attack me too! Oh, I’m so scared!’ Anthony laughed. ‘Not going to ever let you forget this, Obi. This is the funniest thing I’ve seen in a very long time. You’re not getting rid of me, or this story! Too funny!’
‘I had hoped explosions and fire would help, but this thing is a lot stronger than it looks. We gotta drop the building on him,’ Steve said. ‘The building that is about to crash, its empty. None of our attacks worked, we gotta burry it under something heavy. Even if we can’t stop it that way, maybe we can damage it so badly that we can reach his insides and pull some wires. Tell Clint to shoot one of his explosive arrows exactly on the right corner. The moment it explodes, you keep an eye on the movement. Use those repulsors to give it direction if it threatens to fall in the wrong direction. Give it a little push when necessary. I’ll distract it until you two finished the job. Tell Clint to shoot on my sign!’
'Do you believe magic can make you fly?' Steve asked, peeking at the sky.
Steve looked at the comic and his eyes widened at the title: Captain America. He looked through the pages and saw how a blond man in a uniform that looked a lot like his was saving people’s lives.
Steve held Tony in his arms for almost an hour, trying to stop his nosebleed, checking if he damaged his teeth, and cleaning his cuts. Tony looked terrible, but he'd heal, eventually. He was used to it by now, but it hurt a little when he walked. Steve hid the broken wings before he brought Tony back to the castle.
'Deal,' Tony said with a broad grin. 'Looks like I won after all!'
They ended up with a camp site. Steve set up the tent. He had only one air bed, but he promised Tony he could have it, if Steve could have the pillow. Tony could only agree.
With that said he slapped Tony’s butt. Tony winced. Thor was a great guy, but sometimes he didn’t seem to realize how strong exactly he was. Steve took pity on him.
'Okay, I'm ready,' he said eagerly.
'So, I know you like girls,' Ryan grinned. 'Don't we all? So I made cupcakes, but in the shape of a woman. I made the women out of fondant.'
Julia hesitated.
‘That makes sense then,’ James said. ‘Well, nice to meet you, Bucky. So, how do you know Pepper?’
Tony chuckled. ‘That can wait, but there might be a way for us to grab some food together. If you don’t mind a greasy burger place, that is.’
‘Keep telling yourself that,’ Rhodey answered. ‘But I need you to go on that blind date for me.’
All Tony had to do was become the butt slapper!
He blew up his workshop. It happened about once a month, but this time it had been bad. It was an accident, and, thankfully, Tony hadn't been around, but an explosion had blown a hole in his penthouse. Not just his penthouse, also the floor above that, with the guest rooms. And the roof. The explosion was so big it made a hole in the roof two floors above the workshop. So yeah, it was pretty bad. He blamed one of his robots for doing something stupid, but it was never proven.
'What's your last name?' he asked.
Steve snorted. ‘Thanks. I really should head home now, though, I have work tomorrow morning.’
'We wanted to tell you something, mom,' Steve continued. 'Tony and I...Tony is my boyfriend. Has been for a few months. I...'
‘Because you’re my friend,’ Rhodey answered. ‘You look good, by the way.’
‘That’s what you focus on?’ Clint asked. ‘What about the part where all of the agents and scientists died when they were looking for him. This guy sounds like a killing machine. Why would Stark be able to get him out of there? Who says it wasn’t the guy himself who killed your agents?’
'That's what you get when you got a pretty girlfriend’, Steve chuckled when he noticed Bucky pulled a face. ‘You get to watch her dress up and flirt with other men.’
They walked to the restaurants and chose the one that served pizza. There were only a few other tourists around, so there was plenty of space. They found a table in the sun and waited for their pizza.
They were interrupted by a girl who was on her own and who would go on the same cave tour as the two of them. She was glad to finally find some Americans, it was like all tourists their age were either Dutch or German. The girl herself was from Spain and explained that she had been without a job for a long time, so she went on a trip. Afterwards she'd try to find work in Australia. Tony watched as Steve talked with the girl and cracked a few jokes, but he was glad when she walked away again.
'We were going to see the glow worms in the caves, if you still want to,' Steve said. 'I already found a tour I want to do, but I'd like it if you'd join me.'
Clint rolled his eyes. ‘Yeah, sure, that’s just a lame excuse to get their hands all over each other.’
He had been like a father for the both of them. Mostly for Tony, but also for Steve, doing things with the two boys their mothers couldn't or wouldn't do. One of the few people who was incredibly happy for them when they became a couple, even though they were silly teenagers with a crush. He had been one of the few people at their wedding and he was the only one who knew about their problems with adoption agencies.
'Hey Tones!'
‘You want me to go and get you a genetically engineered super soldier in a time when the government is banishing super heroes?’ Tony asked.
'You know I'm from Mexico,' Olivia started. 'There was a drug war going on in the city where I lived. A lot of my friends were killed, my family members were killed. My sister and I were the only ones left, so we tried to escape. There was a man who would take us across the border and give us new passports. I paid him all the money we had.'
Clint wasn't an option. If he'd tell the guy what was going on he would laugh and definitely tell Steve about it. He couldn't do it without explanation either, not since he found out the social worker was into archery. Tony had made a few jokes, of course, it was funny, but ever since then arrows appeared out of nowhere, in the wall right next to Tony's head. Clint might not miss if Tony tried to smack his ass.
'I'd love to see your...pieces,' he said.
Steve swallowed his bite. Cook? Was this guy offering him a meal if he cooked it himself? He wasn’t going to say no to any kind of food, but this was a bit weird, wasn’t it? Who would offer a guy a meal after he broke into your house?
‘Because I’ll give you a hundred bucks,’ the guy answered, looking up at him now.
‘You’re too nice,’ Tony stated.
He followed Buddy and Mauro back into the workshop and held back a grin when he noticed the overheated faces. These guys had worked hard, it hadn't been easy. He hoped they didn't disappoint, because he had gotten pretty hungry.
'Bartender told me this is what you drink,' the man in the leather jacket smiled. 'I'm Tony. What's your name, beautiful?'
‘Come on, Stark, do we really have to do this?’ Clint asked as he turned the screen back on. ‘He is fighting that thing on his own with some agents who only know how to shoot guns. That’s not going to help him, the bullets bounce off on that robot and go everywhere. Steve is in danger.’
‘What do you want?’
'That's sweet,' Steve said, a nervous smile on his face. 'But I don't like it if I can't lead my team and they're in danger.'
The sun set behind the skyscrapers of New York.
'I could use help,' Steve admitted. 'There is this guy, Julia, who has a war hammers tattooed on his arm. It’s Ronan’s symbol. Try to find out if it's true. I tried to talk to him, befriend him, but he has this arrogant act, like he only cares about customers. At the same time he often has bruises, or a black eye. He covers it with make-up, but I think he's being forced.'
After a while, it became colder. Too cold to stay in the water, so they got out and wrapped themselves in their towels. They took a shower and got dressed again before heading to the television room. There was no one there, so they fell down on an old, but comfy, couch together and watched some silly New Zealandish show. Tony made fun of it and gave sarcastic remarks that made Steve laugh.
‘Maybe you should give me your phone number then,’ James said.
‘Then are you here to gloat?’ Tony asked. ‘Because I can have any person I want, you know that, right? I just chose to be a disgusting engineer for now.’
'Liv, are you feeling alright?' Steve asked as he walked Olivia home. The guy limped. That happened before, but this time he also had visible bruises. Steve remembered Olivia took two guys upstairs who had been bragging about their new tattoos. The tattoos of Ronan's gang. Olivia hadn't said a word since she came back. She hadn’t had any other customers the rest of the night either.
‘Steve said it! I heard him talking to you!’ Tony said angry, turning to face the archer. ‘The first day at the Shield headquarters you were talking to him and I heard him say that I was not a hero, that I was scrawny and useless and that they should scratch my contract.  That made it pretty clear that he didn’t want me on his team, or anywhere around him at all, so he can take care of that robot monster himself.’
She walked up the stairs and showed a long hall way with a lot of doors. All the doors had naughty golden pictures on them, but looked exactly the same otherwise. They stopped in front of a door with anal beads drawn on them. Steve could hear Sam chuckle.
'I work hard to keep it in shape,' Steve grinned. 'And I actually came here for you today.  I still have a week off, but it's your last day here and we have a bet running.'
Olivia hesitated.
‘I’m just happy for you!’ Rhodey defended himself. ‘So, what is the name of the guy who stole Tony stark’s heart?’
'That's what I'm aiming for!' Steve answered, before he put on his wig. The fake boobs were the worst. It was really hard to keep them in place. Lauren grabbed them and made sure they were securely hidden in the bra. Steve never felt more silly in his life. Then again, silly was better than awkward. Steve tried to focus on his stockings and shoes and not look at the guys who were preparing themselves as they put plugs up their asses. Steve hoped he would be out of here before he had to do that to himself. People would start asking questions if he never prepared for the act.
'Great job,' Natasha said.
‘I can imagine,’ Fury continued. ‘I’m sure Stark told you something about what you will be doing here? You will be officially assigned as my bodyguard, but I need you to help and keep the world safe. Hydra is not completely gone, once we had aliens on our doorstep, and there are a whole lot of crazy people around who think they can take over the world. You will be helping us to catch them, Captain.’
'Good evening,' he greeted the others. He was lucky, Olivia was already there, while Lauren was not. He was determined to become Steve's friend for some reason.
'No you don't,' Tony said. 'It has my name on it and the moment this is over you're leaving. Beg Fury for a job, he might make you a legal super hero.'
Neither of them knew how long it lasted. A minute, two minutes, ten minutes? They didn't care. They only stepped apart when the electronic voice called for the passengers of Tony's flight to go to their gate. Tony gave Steve a small peck on his cheek.
‘What will you do after I get him for you?’
'Steve, Tony is coming in tonight,' Sam reported. Steve was on his way to the club, so they could still talk.
'Nope, this is my house too now. You'd get your tower if you freed the genetically engineered super soldier. I helped you to get him, so half of the tower is mine,' Clint explained.
‘It is,’ Tony laughed. ‘But it’s cute, so don’t worry about it.’
‘This is too easy. It must be a trap,’ Tony muttered. He had seen enough Indiana Jones movies to know that something was about to happen.
‘Wow, that is amazing,’ Steve said as he looked at the tiny suitcase. ‘You’re the only one who has this?’
'So I'm useless as a hero, but I am good enough to help you with your paperwork?' Tony asked. 'Just ask one of those amazing agents. Or Clint, since you're such great buddies! I don't have time, I have better things to do.'
'Hi,' he said.
'I was being stupid,' Tony sighed.
Steve put the phone in his pocket. 'Thank you. See you there!''
Steve got the phone out of his bag and searched for the pictures. He handed the phone to Ronan who swiped through them. There were pictures I several outfits and with two different wigs. There were even a few pictures where he only wore jeans, one in tiny underwear, and even a few naked ones. Sam had offered to make this photos, but Steve refused. Having this guy see him naked was bad enough already. But Ronan hummed in approval.
‘I’m not hungry, thank you,’ Steve said.
‘I did,’ Steve said. ‘You told me to hurry. Is this about my contract ending next week? Because I knew that was coming. I really enjoyed working here and I’m already searching for another job.’
Steve chuckled. ‘I thought you wanted to go on a date first?’
The next morning Tony sat half asleep at the kitchen table. He had his fifth cup of coffee, but it wasn't really strong enough to wake him up. Next to him Clint was chewing on a pancake. Natasha was just staring at her glass of juice. It wasn’t that early in the morning, but they just weren't very awake yet.
‘You know, when I heard the alarm go off, I really didn’t expect some tiny guy stealing my fruit,’ a voice said from behind him. Steve almost choked on the banana. He quickly turned around and found the owner of the penthouse standing there, his arms crossed, a smirk on his face.
Before Steve could even protest she was already at the bar, talking to the guy. It didn’t take her long to convince him to join them. Steve bit his lip. He had hoped the man would decline. Not because he was embarrassed about being mistaken for a stripper, but because the guy was kind of hot.
'I will,' Steve smiled. He started running, getting out of the way of the arms, but at the same time he tried to get the robot closer to the building. He made a lot of noise with his shield, getting the attention of the metallic monster. With success. The robot moved in the direction of the sounds and bumped against the building.
Inside the club things got more serious. Tony had been hanging at the bar for half an hour, but Julia didn't approach him. She kept glancing his way, but found herself some other customers, making it impossible for Tony to talk to her. Of course Steve and his man of the night were both keeping an eye on things and noticed that Julia wasn't approaching Tony. Steve decided to act. He got up, walked to the bar and next to Tony he ordered two drinks.
‘Where is the coffee place you were talking about?’ James asked. ‘You made it sound like it was heaven on earth.’
‘Of course I do, I’m Tony Stark,’ Tony said, like it was obvious.
'Yeah, Stark Industries, haven't you heard of it?' Tony asked, equally surprised.
Steve grabbed his arm. ‘No need to pay me. Maybe you can use the money on diner and a movie? Like next Friday, at seven?’
'We have everything you need here,' Steve argued. 'I have to pack my things. By the time that's done it will be completely dark.'
‘Hi, I don’t think we’ve met. I’m Steve.’
'No,' Nebula said. Steve looked relieved. 'I want to know about your sudden interest in the other guys and the man called Tony. What is going on?'
‘What the hell?’ Tony asked. ‘No, I’m not your true love. There is no such thing as true love. Can you let go of me already?’
They thought they couldn't be happier. Life was perfect. Tony remembered those years very well. He finally had the blond angel in his bed every night. They travelled the world together and were more in love than ever! Friends, the press, everyone said they wouldn't last long, but they did. They lasted forever. Not only happy times, but they had always supported each other during the bad times.
'Lame!' Clint said loudly. 'Make it a cool archer!'
‘My date went very well, it was just perfect, Rhodey-bear,’ Tony sighed happily. ‘It was just coffee, but James is just amazing. I could stare at him all day and not get tired of the view. He looks better than those old Greek statues. A real piece of art.’
Tony walked in and saw Steve had changed into casual clothes. His uniform was neatly folded on the bed.
Steve smiled at his friend. 'I'll miss you too. It was fun to work with you. Good luck.'
‘I just had to be sure,’ Bucky defended himself. ‘I know you love that old brown one and that is definitely a no go. I don’t want people to think I wear hundred year old leather jackets.’
‘You ran here?’
'No, no, don't worry about me, I made a few very stupid choices in my life,' Steve sighed. He told Olivia the story he had told Ronan. 'But I guess working for this guy isn't much better. He might protect me from clients, but who will protect us from him?'
'You don't have to bake, you'll be a
Steve smiled, for real this time, as he put his hand over his pocket. 'I'd love to. I'll give you a call when I get back.'
'No, I wanted to talk to you first,' Steve said, comforting his friend. 'He is searching for guys who want to testify against Ronan in court. It's a big thing, so I wouldn't just give him your name. He did promise a new identity, a place to live, far away from here, and he will find any lost family members. So if you want to think about it, that's the deal.'
'I didn't walk,' he said. 'Don't look at me  like that, I can take care of myself. Everyone kept asking what I was doing and if I was alright, so I moved. Just look how beautiful this view is.'
They had each other and it had been enough. After a few years Steve could make jokes about it. He always said they were stuck in the 'just married' phase forever, so they'd stay young and in love forever, while everyone around them grew old and unhappy.
'Why do you think I need help?!' Steve asked, crossing his arms. 'I know perfectly well what I'm doing.'
‘Who are we avenging?’ Clint asked. ‘It doesn’t make sense.  New York’s Finest makes sense.’
'Is there something I can do for you?' Tony asked, trying to look like those blue eyes didn't startle him.
Tony lay on his back in the soft grass, longingly staring at the blue sky. So beautiful, but so far away and forever unreachable.
'There is no room for discussion. Make sure you look presentable Saturday. Cover up those bruises and shave that stupid beard off!'
‘Okay, so, Steve, were you ever in the army?’
‘It’s Saturday,’ Steve answered. ‘Do you think there will be a lot of people around the offices? I think most of them are closed during the weekend.’
‘I thought you were supposed to be a genius,’ Rhodey said. ‘You’re pretty dumb for a genius sometimes.’
'I knew,' Sarah smiled. 'Don't worry Steve. I love you. Be happy with Tony, my boy.'
Two weeks passed by too fast. Tony offered Steve to take the car, he would pay for it, but Steve refused. When you were alone hitchhiking was more fun, and filling up the car all the time would be expensive. But Steve did go to the airport with Tony.
It was a soft voice, not like the harsh voices of the guards or the angry voice of his father. Tony looked around, but he didn't see anyone.
For a long time it looked like Steve had been right. They were very much in love, still were, after all these years, but Steve also didn't seem to get older. When he was 35 people thought he was 25. They had been called trophy wife and cougar hundreds of times. It had only made Steve laugh and joke back that he was really into older guys. Technically Tony was older. Just a year, but still.
'Down here,' the voice spoke again. 'Don't jump, it's dangerous!'
'What do you think, beautiful, should we find a more private place for the rest of the night?' Tony whispered in Steve's ear.
‘I’m Steve Rogers,’ the soldier said. ‘How did you get past Natasha?’
‘I think I can,’ Rhodey answered with a smirk. ‘Go on that blind date for me and pretend to be me. If it’s a cute girl I’ll go myself next time and tell her you stepped in for me, because I was ill.’
Steve was so busy with his plan and the robot, that he didn’t notice that one of its arms was about to crush him. The heavy arm was lifted high in the air and came falling down as the robot tried to move itself. Seconds before it fell down on Steve, he was swept off his feet and pushed away by something cold. His eyes widened when he saw the Iron Man suit.
The three men around Steve were taken away by their colleagues. They were frisked at the door before they were allowed to go. Steve had pushed his hair aside and watched them go. One by one all the guys were leaving. All those guys Steve had seen so many times. It felt a bit surreal that it was over now, after two months it was over. He wasn't surprised when some of the guys were caught with drugs.
‘I could help,’ Steve offered. ‘I worked with cars before, I know the basics. Cars haven’t changed that much inside, have they?’
Steve came home after a long day at work, only to find Tony sitting on the couch, staring at nothing. Steve dropped his bag and hurried to sit down next to his husband.
With the clients and the guards gone there were only employees left. The people who worked behind the scenes to clean, the bartenders and the bouncers were taken away, so only the prostitutes were left.
‘You’re officially registered as a body guard,’ Clint said. ‘So you can go outside in your armor without getting arrested and thrown over the border. Everyone wants to be your sidekick.’
‘Deal,’ the guy said softly, before stepping a little closer to Steve, like they actually were a couple. ‘The guy I dumped, because he was cheating on me, just walked in. He brought the most beautiful woman ever and I really don’t want to face him without a date that is better looking than his date.’
'Thanks Brucey-bear! You're the best!' Tony said and he slapped his butt. Bruce didn't say anything, just smiled, before he left the office. Steve watched it with raised eyebrows.
So the next meeting Tony was actually paying attention. He hoped that if he would join the discussion,it would be over sooner. The sooner, the better, he had an ass to slap.
‘What do you think, Clint?’ Steve asked.
For a few moments it was quiet.
'You wanna grab a drink on our way home?' Steve asked.
Tony watched them for a few moments. He came to pick up his bag when he walked in on this scene. Steve looked really young, now that he was giggling on the floor. He probably wasn't even in his thirties when they locked him up here. Tony suddenly felt sorry for him. It can't have been an easy life, being changed into some super soldier to fight, only to get locked away the moment you won their war.
'Thanks again,' Tony said as he put the key in the lock and got inside. He took over the bags and said goodbye. When he closed the door he dropped his bags and sprinted to the window to see where the angelic man was going. Tony was very surprised when he went next door. This man wasn’t his neighbor. His neighbor was a friendly dark skinned man with a goatee almost as awesome as his own. Sam, his name was Sam. Tony would have remembered if this the beautiful blond had been part of the family. Tony watched him until the door closed and he instantly missed the sight.
Steve sighed and shook his head. What had he gotten himself into?
‘Better late than never, I’m really happy to see you,’ Steve said, a bright smile on his face and hope in his eyes. He got back on his feet and turned back to the monster.
And with that said he slapped Rhodey's ass, before moving on like nothing out of ordinary had happened. Rhodey eyed him in a way that told the billionaire that his friend thought he had gone crazy, but he didn't say anything. Tony peeked over his shoulder and cheered inside. Steve had seen it.
‘Sidekick?’ Tony asked, lowering his arms. ‘They want to be my sidekick? I’m not Batman, you know. I don’t do sidekicks. I work alone. So get the hell out of my tower, or I’ll throw you off, see how much of a hawk you are.’
'Don't all those guys get a new identity?' James "Rhodey" Rhodes asked. He was the one monitoring Tony. 'From what I read in your reports there are at least five more guys who are forced to work there. Just because they weren't invited to one of Tony's meetings they'll be forced to continue doing this?'
‘Exactly,’ Bucky answered. ‘Your ass is one of your best features, so try to show that off. Put on the black jeans!’
'Hammer's weapons aren't as good as yours,' Rhodey laughed as they walked out of Tony's office. 'But they'll do, we can work with them. I didn't come here to talk about that, but I came with other good news.'
'Wow, Rhodes, you're going to be a father!' Tony said, still a bit fazed. 'That is amazing. You'll be a great father, you managed to keep me alive for a few years, a baby is going to be a peace of cake! Amazing man, congrats!'
Behind the scenes Clint was frantically searching for the sister and Sam contacted Rhodey and Bucky with the new information. Steve had done it.
'What? I don't get to chose myself?' Tony asked, anger bubbling up inside him. 'I'm not done studying yet. There is so much more to learn and to do! I'm not getting married yet.'
'Where did you get all of these?' Tony asked, happily surprised. 'I could only find a few!'
'Yes, his wife is there as well and if it's just Rhodey and me she fears we'll only talk about our drunken days at MIT. So you have to come and keep me on reigns,' Tony laughed.
'You guys baked several things today and we'll judge you on all of them,' Buddy started. 'Steve, you easily won both challenges, you're safe.'
'Unlike you, I'm so hot I always got it for free. No need for me to pay,' Steve teased his friend back.
‘He could use some help, you know,’ the archer said. Of course he had noticed.
Tony dreamed a little longer about the hot blond baker, until all the donuts were gone. He couldn't linger in the past, it was just a silly crush. So he went back to work and forgot about Steve Rogers.
'Yes!' Tony said  enthusiastic. 'I'm Tony. We should make a dragon of sand as well!'
‘James,’ Tony answered. ‘Which was very awkward, since I was acting like you, so I was James too.’
'Good morning!' Steve said in a cheerful tone as he entered the kitchen. He dropped the things he was carrying on an empty chair and helped himself to breakfast, which he made himself about an hour ago.
‘Fuck, Clint!’ Tony hissed, he had forgotten about Clint. 'He's still fighting the dragon. Ugh, I really shouldn't have a fucking sidekick.'
‘Why are you so angry?’ Bucky asked.
'Stop looking at other girls,' Natasha said to her boyfriend as she walked out the ladies room. 'You won't like me when I'm jealous.'
'It really is Tony. When you're searching through your toys, wondering about my size, pick a big one,' Tony smirked.
Steve stopped him with another kiss. There wasn't enough time to waste it on blabbering. He took Tony in his arms and kissed him again, less soft this time. He kissed him with more confidence, more force, and Tony responded eagerly. He wrapped his arms around Steve as well and licked his lips. Steve smiled a little before opening his mouth and deepening the kiss.
But then Steve had told him all good things come to an end, even Rhodey's family. But they didn't have to worry about it, Tony didn't have to worry. Their love was a bad love, they had been told so many times, and bad things lasted forever.
When Tony looked at the little girl he felt a little bit of regret bubbling up. Steve always had more problems with it than Tony. He didn't think he'd be a very good father, no matter what Steve said, but they never got the chance to try.
But he wasn't there anymore. Steve was gone. Tony feared the worst. He looked around, walked up and down a little before he called Steve's name.
‘I think so, yes,’ Tony said as he took another sip of his beer. ‘I asked if he wanted a ride home and he agreed. That’s why I’m so late, had to go all the way to Brooklyn to drop him off. And no, stop grinning like that, nothing happened.’
‘Yes,’ Fury said. ‘It’s all on record. Do we have a deal?’
'Eh, thanks,' Tony said. 'I came to get my bag.'
Tony chuckled. 'You're my only friend and you grew up to be a really good looking human being and a super sexy dragon. Like I could ever kill you! I'll protect you from the asshole that is my father.'
Steve snorted. 'All my dreams will come true. You better not tell any of this to Tony. I might be like an angel, but I will kill you and then die of embarrassment.'
'Sam, I didn't get a single complaint about you. You communicated well, you used everyone's best qualities and you caught Ronan. You did great and I will let Fury know about that. You could replace me anytime.'
Steve placed the box on the ground between them and together they went to work. They had to change a few small things to actually make the spark plugs fit in there, but Tony knew enough about cars to make it work. It wasn’t easy though and it took quiet a long time. They were having fun though, they laughed about the differences between this age and the one where Steve was born. They told stories about cars they had driven and stupid things they had seen on their trips. Tony told about the many cars he owned and Steve was really curious to see them, or maybe even drive them. Tony promised to invite him over some day.
The guy practically ran to the bar and came back with beer and another cocktail. Steve gladly accepted the glass and ignored Sam who told him to be nice. Soon more guys joined their conversation, noticing Stefanie was new, curious what she was like. Lauren joined the group too and they just had a lot of fun together. So much that Steve almost forgot what he was doing.
'Please tell me none of you said he was my type,' sighed Steve, knowing his friends a bit too well.
‘Yeah, I’d like to,’ Steve said, smiling brightly. ‘Maybe we should go right now and grab some real coffee. I wanted to talk to you anyway.’
‘Are you kidding me?’ the guy at the bar asked. ‘You have a body like that and you’re not a stripper. You could get rich working in a place like this. But, as an apology, you can keep the money, you drinks are on me.’
Tony picked the two bikes up and hurried down hill as fast as he could without tripping. It took long, it took way too long for his liking, but it was seriously difficult to drag two bikes back without tripping. As soon as he reached the car he dumped the bikes inside and practically ran back. He panted heavily by the time he arrived at the spot where Steve had been waiting.
'Ryan, your first cake was so-so and your cupcakes were bad, not just the taste, but especially the design. Ashley, your first cake wasn't very special, and instead of pastries, you made pumpkin bread, which was not what the client asked for. So who of you will have to leave?'
"It's something I think you should see," Wanda said with a small smile.
Susan was shocked by the hard expression on Cap's face.  Anger filled her on Leo's behalf, and she moved to stand between them.  "You don't have to be so mean to him!"
More pain, this time in Steve's left leg.  "Stop!" Tony shouted.  "Stop hurting him!"
Tony looked up from the computer to see Steve in his workshop again.  He was wearing a blue sweater and jeans, and he wouldn't look out of place in a modern coffee shop for all that he was from the 1940's.  He was holding his uniform in his hands.  "What's up, Cap?"
Steve's tail stubbornly moved up to Tony's waist.  "Tony..."
Predictably, Steve's tail wrapped around his feet.  Tony felt a small pang that he couldn't feel it through the armor.  "You can't go in there by yourself."
"We can't save everyone," Tony said.  "Not even me and Cap. Even some of the best people I've known made mistakes.  We just have to keep going."
Steve snorted softly, a small puff of smoke coming from his nose.  "Go to sleep, Tony," Steve said.
"You need to sleep," Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest.  "And to eat.  I'm sure the Colonel won't mind if you take a break."
Whatever was going on, he needed to put Viper from his mind for now and strengthen his mental walls.  He had a promise to keep.  Regardless of if he trusted the dragons or not, keeping her secret wouldn't do any harm.
There was a hand in his hair, and that felt nice.  Steve automatically leaned into it.  It was just enough for him to stir, but not enough to bring him out of sleep.  The hand was warm though, and he did like warm things.
He had never been alone with Wanda before.  The dragon often spoke with Peggy or Sam, but she only spoke to Tony a few times and those had all been cryptic remarks.  He'd heard her laugh before with the others at least, but knowing she could act normal really didn't help off-set her other-worldly aura that gave Tony chills down the backs of his arms.  She was kind, though, and Tony focused on her kindness rather than the magical power he couldn't define.
"I can try," Steve said, putting a hand on Bruce's shoulder.  "If Doom is blackmailing Tony or something else, we'll find out."
"Ow," Tony said, rubbing his nose.  He glared at the branch that had whacked him because he wasn't paying attention.
He lowered them both to the ground gently, kneeling beside Rhodey.  Rhodey punched the floor and Steve looked away.  Rhodey had known Tony for much longer than Steve had, and he deserved privacy for his grief.
"Then he probably doesn't know," Rhodey said.  "He doesn't keep track of everyone's movements like some people think, and it's not my place to tell him.  But you should talk to him about it."
"You're a terrible liar, Steve," Tony said, a new layer of hurt and exhaustion in his voice.  "Just go."
Tony very carefully blanked his mind of those memories, knowing they only brought more pain to both of them.  He wondered what sort of pain Wanda as a human carried around.  "Jewish?" he asked.
"Your pet is angry," Viper said.
He got the impression of several very rude things about his non-existent dragon sex-life.  He poked Steve again, and in retaliation he sent back equally rude insinuations about Steve's lineage.  He'd been told several times by the dragons that insulting how one was born made no sense, but it got another snort out of Steve.
"Susan!" Steve barked, but Susan was already at Kestrel's side.
"You can," Tony said firmer, though he didn't move back.  He didn't quite lose the baffled look either.  Still, Steve was willing to come to him, and he slid one hand behind him to rest on to the small of Tony's back, the other reached forward to tilt Tony's chin the fraction of an inch higher needed for Steve claim his lips.
Steve Rogers resolutely did not think about his task.  He tied the rope around Turk's wrists.  Blood dripped down the corpse's neck, and Steve didn't think about it, nor did he think about the way Turk had looked before Steve shot him.  He threw the end of the rope up to the second floor balcony, forcing his legs to remain steady as he walked up the stairs to finish the job.
He leaned over to look for one without fractures when something hard hit him in the back of the head and he fell forward, knocked out cold.
Steve gaped as Carol and Tony cooed over the design and went right back into plotting their story.
"No change," Tony said, lowering his eyes again.
He glared at Tony's raised eyebrow, grumbled as Tony poked him in the shoulder, and slumped over the counter as his heart rate slowed to a more respectable pace and was replaced with the feeling of wanting to go back to bed.
Steve took a step back, baffled.  He could understand Iron Man still being angry, but this didn't make any sense.  "Maybe you should have Tony check you over," Steve said, his hands up in surrender.
It wasn't long before the cave opened up to a proper cavern, the ceiling at least 100 feet high and covered with crystals.  There were some pits that the dragons had obviously mined from, but also crystals that were still within easy reach.  The dragons only took what they needed and Tony was glad for that.  "Should be quick enough," Tony said, raising the gauntlet to fire.
And even if Steve had a higher tolerance for the cold, it certainly held no good memories for him.  Tony continued to rub the length of Steve's neck soothingly, feeling Steve's gratitude in return as his fingers danced over the soft scales.
"Sir, while it is good to have you back, your blood is showing an alarming amount of-"
"He wouldn't force me to choose," Iron Man replied.
"Maybe not, but please understand that outside of an actual business meeting, most people do," she said, leveling him with a glare.  "And if you do, you will never get another meeting outside of societal functions that require the presence of both of you, and I will work hard to make sure that doesn't happen often."
"Hold that thought, princess."  Tony looked blank for a few moments, and Kes wondered if he was talking to Cap.  "Okay, I'll be right back.  Do
"I am not one of the City's defenders, but you know I can fight," Wanda said, folding her wings against her sides.  "There is still much that must be done.  The human should see the mural before the chaos comes."
Walking down the hall, he was surprised to find a light on in the library that wasn't far from his room.  He debated if he wanted to talk to anyone in his current state, but curiosity got the better of him.  Besides, he didn't condone waste, even if he was living in a tower that ran off of renewable green energy.  He had to check if someone had forgotten to turn it off.
"No can do."
Clint looked just as wary, because they were all now well aware of Thor's sense of humor.  "Okay, I'll bite.  If nothing else, we can hold it over Jane's head.  What song?"
He turned to leave, but Steve grabbed his shoulder, turning him back around.  "We're not done here.  You knew-"
Not Capsicle, ice cube, grandpa, McFly, or any other nick names and pop culture references from the insanely long list that Tony had up his sleeve.  Which, granted, Tony didn't use as often as he did before, but Tony still had a thing for little pet names.  The way he had said 'Cap' wasn't like his voice when he normally used nicknames.  It was dull and lifeless, like a cursory greeting when he's distracted by a problem, and Steve was pretty sure that the problem wasn't keeping onion fumes away from his eyes.
"Funny," Steve said, turning to get the last word.  "My experience says you just need a little of patience and a lot of stubborn to get through to him."
"What's the threat?" Steve asked, not bothering to check his phone as he rushed to the elevator.
Steve immediately placed the tray on the table and ignored his own hunger to crouch down beside Tony.  He didn't touch the man, but he wanted to.  He wished he knew how Tony would react to it.  He could keep Tony from hurting either of them easily, but from what Tony had babbled about that first day in Afghanistan, the last thing he needed was to be restrained.
"Maybe not," Steve said, resting his chin on Tony's head.  "Maybe there's no good time."
Sam raised an eyebrow.
"You've shown me the stars in your memories," Steve said, as if that answered everything.  "I won't let you argue."
"Alright, boss," Rhodey said.  "We'll talk about it when you've rested.  Sleep now.  You need it."
, was almost enough to keep him there on the cold ground.  But the others would worry and he knew far too well how wasted time cost lives.
"So he says." She shrugged and waved him off.  "I have work to do.  Don't bother Iron Man."
The problem with letting Iron Man change the subject was that now they were hitting on Steve's sore points.  "I don't think I intended to draw it this way," Steve admitted.
Burgers, Steve discovered, could be found almost anywhere, even if Tony grumbled about liking Burger King better.  But one second Tony was sitting next to him while Steve was politely listening to the sergeant assigned to them, and the next he was gone.  Steve understandably panicked.
"Works for me," Tony said, frowning at the burnt eggs as he returned his attention to his phone.  He threw the eggs into the trash then made for the dishwasher.  "JARVIS, call Pepper.  We've got good news."
"I'm fine," Tony bit out, though he didn't let go of Steve's sleeve, even when Steve placed a hand over his comfortingly.  He tried to take a painful deep breath as Steve sat back down and resolutely pushed the fear that threatened to overwhelm him away.  Steve was here.  Tony wasn't going to die and he wasn't alone.
"Don't know, but the circuitry on this thing isn't Doom's.  Doom is good for someone who mass produces, and he's hellish on his own turf, but this is..."
"Stronger men than you haven't lasted," Ms. Potts said.
"We've restored it!" Rhodey said.  "Kes can fix the corrupted data.  We're not giving up."
.  Tony didn't look any better, though he'd been happier once Steve had authorized a mission for Susan to get more supplies.  Tony liked being active, and he knew how taxing waiting wore on both them.
"There are other ways to reach this place," Steve said, comforting thoughts surrounding Tony's mind.  "I'll find another one.  And when the War is over, I'll find a way to let you know."
Kestrel's eyes widened.  She looked at Susan.  "I...  Susan..."
The sliding door fell open, appearing half-way up the wall where there had only been flawless metal before.  It was a small space, and Susan started to feel claustrophobic just looking at it, which was weird considering she was encased in a suit of armor and that never bothered her.  She moved closer, finally able to look down into the hidden space to see... "Kes!"
.  Again.  And you saw so now there's no chance I can turn it around."
"And what are those risks, Tony?" Steve asked, his temper finally getting the better of him.  "Why do you get to decide by yourself?"
Tony, despite Jarvis's mental voice screaming in his ear and years of reflexes, dropped the gun.  He didn't even look down at it.  Tony took a step back as the heart pump started to work overtime.  "How do I know you're real this time?" Tony asked, his hands trembling.  In the dreams Steve had still been a dragon, but this...
"I... what?"  Iron Man said, hurt permeating through his voice as he took a step back.  "What are you talking about?  Natasha and Clint are my friends too."
"Would you like to post your drawings online, Cap?" FRIDAY asked brightly.
The latter came out more bitter than Steve intended and Tony looked away.  Steve sighed, admonishing himself silently and forced his voice to gentle.  "You've been through a lot recently, and I think I need to work on backing off more to keep this from exploding like it did.  But regardless, I shouldn't have lost my temper at you like that."
"Talking works for now since I guess it sends so long as I actually speak it aloud," Tony said, waving it off.  They could figure it out later.  "Viper's not out here, or we would have given ourselves away.  That means she's further in or not here at all."
It was certainly a nice outfit, but the neckline was low.  Very low.  "You shouldn't need this kind of exposure."  Then he winced, because Tony was already snickering at his unintentional innuendo.
get home," Steve replied with enough stubborn optimism that Tony could almost believe it, statistical improbability or not.  Being with Cap made him believe a lot of things he didn't think were possible.  Almost enough to have made him think that Steve might possibly agree to...
"It didn't mess with yours," Steve said, looking down.
"Steve is dead," Tony said, thankful that his voice remained level.  "This is still the dream."
He walked past the suit, going towards where he was working, ignoring the fact that Jarvis would have a fit if he knew Tony didn't even have a hard hat on.  He put a hand on one of the bigger rocks, looking up at what he still had left to clear.  The War was going on up there.  He wasn't fool enough to think the world depended on his contributions, but if he could make a difference...
Kang looked at Steve, a smile spreading on his purple lips.  "Indeed.  Captain, if you would walk through the portal, I will spare your fellow Avenger's life."
"Old habits die hard," Stark said with a shrug, sitting next to him on the floor.  His eyes had an honest enough look about them that made Steve wonder.  He took a pull from his flash, then offered what was in his other hand to Steve.  That wasn't a flask, but the bottle Tony used to refill it.
Lying on his back now, Tony spared a brief thought for home as his head swam and he failed to catch his breath.  It was almost a dream now, a mythical place spoken of reverently in hushed whispers along with soft prayers of 'when the War is over.'  Tony had never been that attached to New York, spending much of his time traveling, but the War was long in ways no adventure could ever be.  What he wouldn't give for the smell of fresh coffee and the chair down in his workshop, surrounded by the smell of gunmetal.  The only thing he'd have to worry about would be his next invention...
"Tony!"  Steve's voice rang through his mind and Tony quickly found himself wrapped up in Steve's wings.
"Come, Steve," Thor said, placing a hand on Steve's shoulder.  "Stark does know more than we do in this case, and jealousy does not sit well on your shoulders."
Tony could get lost in that feeling, in the tenderness of Steve's thumbs and the desperate way Tony clung to his wrists to keep him there.  There was a wistfulness and longing to the kiss that could be coming from either him or Steve, he couldn’t tell.
"It didn't go over well with his wife, Juno," Tony continued, fading back to a dreamless sleep.
Steve looked up from his towel, feeling useless.  Everything was tearing him apart, but there was nothing he could do about it.  "What do you think we should do?" he asked.  They were obviously here for a reason.
want Rhodey to leave.  Rhodey was warm and solid, and Tony was still half-convinced Steve was a dream.  But he nodded, because Steve was acting strangely, and curiosity always won out.
"I did," Kes said, reaching out again, this time to dry Susan's tears.  She didn't even know when she'd started crying.  "I promised.  I said I'd protect you so you didn't have to cry anymore."
"Uh, right," Iron Man said.  Now he was staring at Steve, the armor still.  "Steve, I..."
For a long time, Tony didn't get a response.  There was mounting anger from Steve though, and Tony wondered what he'd done this time.
And he still hadn't gotten an answer for that, despite how tactile Tony was being.  Part of him was anxious about that, but a larger part that had finally accepted Iron Man's refusal was okay with it.  As long as Tony was still willing to be his friend, in or out of the Iron Man suit, Steve would be okay.  He could keep loving Tony the way he loved Peggy.  And it
"He was there," Tony insisted again, his eyes feeling heavy despite himself.  The dragon healing had taken so much out of him on top of the grief that even just being in a bed was pulling him under.  He fought it though, forcing his eyes open again.
half-remembered screams from when Kang held him swallowed over Tony's current shouting for Steve to get back.  Kang had hurt his best friend, had gone after the other Avengers's families.  This ended now.
"Told you," Rhodey said, calling Steve's attention to him and Pepper.  Even Happy was there, grinning broadly at all of them.  They looked just as proud as Steve felt.
"I..." Tony said, running a hand through his already mussed hair.  "Okay."
He jumped at the voices down the hall, pressing too hard on the stick.  Steve winced as he heard the snap, his face falling when he realized he'd broken it.  He was pretty sure he wasn't supposed to do that.
"Still nothing to apologize for," Cap said.  "I've lost it before too."
He'd barely taken a step before there was a hand around his arm, keeping him in place.  "Let me go," Tony said, tugging his arm away.
'A mood' was probably an understatement, Steve decided.  JARVIS let him in when he asked, surprisingly silent as the door opened, but he wasn't expecting to find Tony on the floor curled around himself, gasping for breath and shaking in the midst of broken parts of the Iron Man suit.
"Of course, Captain," JARVIS said as Steve made his way to the elevator.  When the doors opened to the penthouse, Steve looked around curiously.  The living room seemed very stylish and modern, and he walked in feeling out of place.  There were glass doors leading to a balcony that Steve felt drawn to, and after seeing no one around he walked forward to take a peek.  The view took his breath away.  New York in all of her beauty lay out before him even as he started to mentally compare it to the landscape from his time.  It was a melancholy feeling, seeing the changes to his city laid painfully bare before him.  Steve almost took a step forward to the doors, then closed his eyes.
"Just back there," Tony said, gesturing to the left, but his eyes remained on the food.  "This is..."
Now the Iron Man armor was built for her height and body type, not Kes's.  It would take some time to revert it, but it should be Kes's armor.  Susan couldn't keep wearing it, no matter how long she'd been fighting in it or how much she loved the red and gold now.
Natasha's words followed him throughout the week.  Would it be bad if someone else made Tony happy?  It's not like Steve was particularly good at relationships.  Or very interesting at all, outside of the uniform.  He was old-fashioned and still not handling the future as well as he should have been.  Oh, he could assimilate and fit in, but really accepting things...  he still had a long way to go.
"Hey there, big guy," he said, patting Steve's flank.
"You're going to medical," Bruce said, for once not avoiding eye contact but forcing it.
"He's important to you," Steve said.
"Yes, sir," the sergeant replied.  "Mr. Stark is on the third floor, room 308."
"You think he lied."
Steve punched the glass.  Pain spread through his knuckles at the strength of it and the glass cracked, but didn't break.  He followed up with his other hand, hitting the same spot twice in rapid succession.  He ignored how his hands screamed at him, figuring it would take a few more hits.  Bits of the glass were chipping and breaking off, but it wasn't a full hole yet.  It was getting thinner with each chip that came off though.
"And you're just as mean," Susan replied, though she couldn't help but notice how
"JARVIS," Steve said dangerously.  "I will make a call to-"
Steve swallowed, then brought Tony into another hug, kissing his temple.  The fact that he could kiss Tony now was something Steve wasn't going to get over any time soon.  "Have I mentioned how proud I am of you today?" Steve asked, because this close he could feel Tony trembling.
"Mr. Stark," she said primly.  "How was your sleep?"
Tony looked around him to the two pieces of cake that Steve had set down earlier, biting his lip.  "Tony?" Steve asked, sensing the shift in mood.
"Come on."  Steve ruffled Tony's hair, who didn't fuss over it like Steve expected him to.  "Bed."
"I think I've heard about you as 'Rhodey' too much to call you Jim," Steve admitted.
"Mr. Stark
Tony frowned, bringing up a camera stream and analyzing the data.  Was that...  There!  Movement!
Steve really hated logic.  That didn't mean he'd admit Fury was right though.  His mouth was set in a fine line, watching Tony's motionless body under the black light of the reactor.  It was unnerving, since he couldn't even reassure himself with Tony's chest moving up and down or listen to the steady beep of a heart monitor.
before, and I can't... It doesn't work."
"Tony..." Pepper said, her eyes widening before settling into something akin to pity.
Tony nodded, unhooking the helmet from his side.  With one more small smile for Steve, he put it on.
"On it," Natasha replied, heading in the direction of Hulk's frustrated roar.
Tony laughed, arms tightening around Steve as the hand on his ass started to knead lightly.  "It's always the right time and place for Die Hard, Steve.  Always."
"Are none of my concern," Viper said dismissively.  She shut the panel of the heart pump with a click, and under any other circumstances, Tony would have been amazed at the first person who looked at his chest without disgust.  Her scar was much more visible than a chest pump that could be covered. All she had to do was open it back up and pull, and Tony would be dead in a matter of seconds.  But she didn't.  He met her eyes and there was an understanding there he hadn't seen from anyone else who knew about the pump.  It made his skin crawl.
Given their lives, Steve was probably right.  That hadn't stopped him from turning Tony down the first time though.  "Well, this time
He missed Bucky.  Bucky always knew what to do when Steve got like this, braving Steve at his worst with a hug or a witty phrase.  Bucky was
Tony ducked his head as Thor and Jane let him go, and Steve leaned in to kiss away some of the frosting on Tony's goatee, prompting a whistle from Natasha and a groan from Clint.
They also had no use for cloth in dragon society, as Sharon had pointed out earlier.  Tony realized the implications of this when he was shown to a bed, a large stone dais that was a little too hot and too uncomfortable.  Tony pretended to be agreeable, hiding behind his mental walls to lie, and waited for his kind hosts to leave.
Closing his eyes, Steve forced himself not to crumple up the paper no matter how much he wanted to.  He set his pencil down and focused on breathing.  He might as well hit the gym at this rate.  He was getting no-
"Tony?"
Steve sighed, and Tony could picture him rubbing his forehead then mussing his hair.  The image was so clear it was
"Just give him some time," Peggy said, sensing his unasked question.  "Steve needs to get his head on straight after that.  He's scared."
There was a small device (sculpture?)  that moved on the desk by the floor-length windows.  After casting a quick look around to see if anyone was coming, Steve stood up to investigate it further, figuring it would keep his mind off things.
get better.  And you've been training hard the past few weeks.  You can't go into this assuming you'll fail."
"You said you killed out of revenge," Susan said.
Steve walked up behind Tony, unsure if he should interrupt or not.  He didn't think he should be listening like this, but he also didn't want to stop Tony from telling his past self something he might need to hear.  "And I don't mean trusting him with your life," Tony continued, "because I know you already do that.  But you can trust him to stay.  I know it sounds crazy, but he
"Be human?"  Tony smirked.  "I was never much of a hero, Rhodey.  But human error,
"Why not?  If you can sacrifice yourself for the world, why can't I?" Steve asked, starting to wrap the bandage around the worst of the cuts.  He thankfully hadn't hurt himself too badly, though it'd be a little painful to draw for a while.
could act like things were still normal was beyond him.  Steve had only been dead for two weeks, but they acted like Tony was the only one who got their attention.  Maybe it was denial, focusing on the team mate they hadn't lost.  Or maybe they were just acting, trying to spare Tony from further taxing on his body.  They'd have been told after Tony was captured, he realized.  Maybe they were just avoiding telling Tony what he already knew.
He signed on the next day and was extremely surprised to see the picture had gotten over a thousand notes and he'd gained a handful of new followers. He clicked through the comments and tags, smiling in spite of himself. There were a few negative comments, but otherwise most of them ran along the lines of 'omg! it's so cute!'
could handle Tony Stark better than he could.  Great, now he was feeling jealous on two fronts.
"Yeah, just... thought you might want some company," Steve said, making his way over.
He hung up and wondered how Tony would take the news.  He texted Natasha to let her know and ask if there was any news from Iron Man, then found his escort to inquire where Tony was.
"JARVIS!  Good to hear from you, old friend." Tony was resolutely not ignoring how Steve stayed on the other side of the room.
cut himself while working with the chicken, rather than the vegetables.  He grabbed Tony's wrist and pulled him over to the sink, washing out the cut on his finger thoroughly.
He could feel Steve's hesitation, though it was weaker with the suit on.  "Could you... if we're going to talk, could you take the suit off?" Steve asked.
"Like I said, human error.  That I know loads about," Tony said, staring down into his electronic coffee without drinking it.  "Iron Man was a way to... balance that out.  Correct my mistakes and help people, rather than destroying lives."
Tony waved it off.  "You were protecting the city.  From what I hear about the last several humans, they weren't so friendly."
"Nope. We beat the statistics.  Or Thor did, in finding us, but I'm pretty sure he was using some Asgardian trick to find us."
.  It hadn't hit him this hard in a long time, but he couldn't just push it aside.  Not this time.
Tony went still and for one horrible second, Steve was almost sure he was frozen again.  But then he hugged Jane back, closing his eyes and drawing a sharp breath.
"One that could balance out the chaos to come," she said.  "Take care of Steve.  He is important to all of us."
Though if he were being honest, he was a little glad.  Something about the temple gave him the creeps.
"It was cute," Steve said, feeling a fond smile on his face.  "And I'd like to be the one to make you smile like that again, if you'll let me."
After a brief message from Thor saying Jane was looking over the schematics, Steve went to the gym.  He blinked six hours later when JARVIS was politely suggesting he eat, wondering where the time had gone.
"I know you hate it, but that doesn't mean you can keep hiding it!" Ms. Potts said, throwing her arms up.
"Alright," Steve grumbled, watching Tony as he tried to make himself comfortable against Steve's flank.
* * *
He was in the suit, so he couldn't actually feel the tail around his waist.  He could feel it if he leaned against Steve's flank though, resting his head against the soft dragon scales.  And in that moment, the exhaustion that hit him made him sorely tempted to try it. Tony didn't, however, taking off the other gauntlet as he tried to push all thoughts of the War away.  "I don't know," Tony answered finally, pulling away from Steve's tail so he could get the rest of the armor off.  Lunch today seemed better off without the cold reminder of his responsibilities and the War.
"Look, Steve.  I'm not disappearing either," Tony said, a hint of annoyance in his voice.  "It's been
Tony felt the ring slip onto his finger and the broken part of him mended.  He laughed, more than a little hysterical.  "The kids-"
Tony looked up, trying to follow the line of the tentacles.  That was when he finally saw the skull hanging in the air above him.  The eight tentacles that held him in place came out from the bottom of it and Tony felt sick as one of them reached around the joints on his neck.
"Rhodey?  Come on, Little Bear.  Talk to me."  Tony's voice was soft in her ear, worried and gentle.
"This is a sound plan," T'Challa said, a hint of a smile showing under his cowl.
"Normal?"  Tony queried, fixing bits of code as he went.
"How noble of you," Stark said dryly.  "Standing up to the bullies for others.  I might swoon."
Tony could feel Steve's understanding before he spoke, but he didn't think about the intensity of Steve's feeling and emotion compared to the others.  That was more than he wanted to deal with right now.  "It's a matter of trust between me and her, not me and all of you," he explained.  "If I told you she existed and she was legitimate, it breaks the trust she put in me to help her.  She was... I thought she was just scared of you.  That's the truth."  He had wondered, just a little, if the clan he knew were like the dragons Viper described, but that notion never held up when he thought of Steve and the others.  That should have clued him in.
"Why would someone frame Doom?" Clint asked as Hulk roared in the distance.  "
Tony still looked like he wanted to argue, so Steve pulled him in for a hug, kissing his temple.  He could feel Tony practically trembling in anger.  "I need to get started
Heading back down, Susan fired the missile as soon as she was close enough to avoid any counter measures.  She put on a burst of speed as the cannon blew up behind her, heading to her last target.  She twisted, her stomach dropping out as she took a sharp turn down to avoid a pulse beam.  Bringing up her hands, she shot at the train's windows and the Skrull manning the gun, diving through the broken glass.  She was glad that it'd worked.  Tony had used too many 'probablys' when she'd asked if the repulsors had the power to break through the defenses.
"Sometimes you just end up in a dumpster, Cap," Clint said, completely unconcerned either by Steve's glare or his answer, ignoring both.  "As to the rest, it wouldn't surprise me, but I've never actually met him.  Nat?  You wrote the file on him."
He looked at the dais he and Steve had been on, the pump keeping his heart beating feeling heavier as the moment went on.  Touching and sharing was second nature to the dragons.  He knew better than to snap like that when it came to cultural differences.  Just because he was feeling jumpy didn't mean he should have yelled at Steve.  They had all been pretty good at waiting until he was watching to touch him, but Steve had obviously gotten distressed when Tony had.  If he'd just kept up higher walls instead of letting himself become morose...
"Stop," Susan begged, only now aware she was crying.  "Leo, you're not-"
"He's..." Tony said, freezing.  Then his shoulders slumped.  "He's trying to trace the robots back to their source with some other leads, but he's not having much luck."
Steve looked up from his drawing to see Thor in the doorway.  Then he looked back down at the drawing, making sure it was as accurate as he could remember, words and equations included.  He was just making sure it was correct, not avoiding eye contact.  "I have something I need Jane's opinion on," he said, still not looking up.
A few of his online acquaintances were supportive and convinced him to post his drawings, so he posted to both Tumblr and DeviantArt. He was pleasantly surprised to see he gained a small following, and the small bit of garnered fame was fun. His days with the USO hadn't been all bad, and he was pretty used to having a double identity to begin with.
"The next mural will start when our clan finds their new home," Wanda said.  "And they will live on, thanks to your warning.  Though things will still end here, there is a new beginning for the others."
"I can use other means to find out," Natasha said casually, and he knew that wasn't a threat of violence.  "I don't want to, but you're driving me and the team crazy, and that will start to affect the team work."
"Cap, you are literally the only one who went there," Iron Man said cheerfully.  "Also, way more than I wanted to think about when it comes to Victor Von Doom.  Keep your fantasies to yourself, old man."
"You think that measly little detail's gonna stop me?" Pepper asked.
"You should see the fashions in-" Tony cut himself off with a gasp, a brief flash of pain going through his leg.  There was a golden light in Sharon's claw that Tony hadn't been paying attention to.  But it faded as the pain did, and Tony gazed at his leg in shock.  It was no longer swollen and it felt...
"It doesn't look too swollen," he said, carefully probing the smooth skin.  Her eyes, when he looked back up at her, were even more stunning in the light.  "Do you live far from here?"
He pulled at the restraints - not Steve's hands.  God, he wished they were Steve's hands.  He heard snapping and felt a sharp pain against his skin as the ties broke.  Someone was yelling, scrambling back in his chair as Tony swung at him, knocking him out cold.
He holstered the gun, then looked back at Viper.  Shell-shocked didn't quite cover it, but she looked close.  "You did the right thing," Tony said, very grateful her bad aim had actually hit the target and not him.  "If you hadn't done it, we both would be dead right now."
Tony bit his lip, knowing he'd been losing his temper with Steve faster than he should be.  He
Bruce's face darkened, but he controlled the Hulk.  "Do you need me to-"
"What?" Bruce asked, confused.
Iron Man's voice cut off, and Steve picked off a robot with his shield that had been targeting Clint.  Natasha got the other one.  "Iron Man?" he called out when the silence went on.  "Sitrep, now.  Who has eyes on Iron Man?"
He felt it when Steve was bitten by the poisonous teeth as the hydra's claws pierced through the armor.  He felt the pain in his gut and grit his teeth as the claw twisted then pulled out, a scream still managing to rip through his throat.
"No.  I don't think so?  JARVIS?" Pepper said, her voice rising at the end as she pushed a few wisps of hair behind her ear.
"What?" Steve said, snapping out of his thoughts.
"Tony..."  Steve started, but fell silent.
Kang was on his feet even as Steve turned, but Steve caught a flash of blue out of the corner of his eye.  He reached out and gripped the shield, bringing it in front of him as Kang managed another energy bolt.  It ricocheted off, the force of it pushing Kang back.
"That doesn't even make any sense," Dr. Foster said, her eyes narrowing as she crossed her arms over her chest.  "And if you had just talked to me, I could have given you some theories on how to create a stabilizer so that it wouldn't kill you!"
Surely Tony wouldn't strand him here?  Steve followed Williams to the hangar, but it wasn't the one with the Stark Industries jet.  In fact, Steve didn't see any aircraft when he looked around, though there was a ton of security to get in.  Only...
"What the hell, Steve!" Tony said, grabbing Steve's closest hand.  The fabric protecting his hand was splattered with blood and had a few bits of glass sticking out of it, which Steve would admit probably looked bad.  It didn't feel as bad as it looked at least, though Steve doubted that would remain the same after the adrenaline rush died down.
"How can you look at that and not-"
Moving felt like too much effort.  The com chatter faded to background noise as Steve curled around his shield.  He was just so
"Alright.  I'll be up in a few minutes," Steve said, stacking the folders carefully on his desk.  He headed to the elevator, then thought better of it, walking to the kitchen instead.  "JARVIS, how does Tony take his coffee?" he asked, figuring if Pepper could inquire, he probably had access to the information too.
Tony undid his belt awkwardly with one hand, Sam helping him once he realized what Tony wanted.  Then Tony put the belt in his mouth and nodded.
"It's a natural response, isn't it?" Sam asked.  "So why are you ashamed of it?"
Steve did not remember Pepper getting repulsor high heels.  He felt like he should remember that, because it sounded dangerous.  But as long as Pepper was happy, he supposed it was well enough to leave alone.  He wondered if Natasha would like a pair too.
Tony let go of the spike in front of him with one hand to run along Steve's neck and soothe the discomfort he felt from the dragon.  "Dragons really don't like the cold, do they?" he asked, carefully not thinking of how cold it had been in Steve's nightmare.
"The repulsors won't work the way they should," Tony grumbled, feeling Steve's fingers dance across his neck.
"Put enough Skrulls where people will listen and create enough fear, and voila! The universe's biggest asshole as president," Tony said.  "We've seen it happen before, minus the green skin.  Does no one read Santayana?"
"I know who to call," Iron Man reassured, and Steve could hear a faintly embarrassed tone to Iron Man's words.  "Later, Happy!"
Steve's grin fell as his hand went to his hair, and he mock-glared at Tony to cover his embarrassment.  "I'll text everyone to meet in the common rooms in an hour," Steve said, returning to his half-eaten breakfast.  It was cool now, but Steve didn't mind.
Ms. Potts did not look convinced.  She raised her eyebrow in a way that managed to make Steve feel like he was still a scrawny boy with a chip on his shoulder.  "Why now?" she asked.  "It's been six months since you moved into the Tower."
"Change course," Tony said, debating if it was worth getting out of bed.  At this point it was probably a lack of nutrition that was causing his dizziness, not exhaustion.  He could probably chance it.  "We need to head to London to meet with Fury and the other-"
"My voice puts you off?" Tony asked, then softer, "That's a first."
"Tony?  Tony!  Stay awake," Steve said, gripping Tony's shoulder's painfully.  "What did you mean, stick to the plan?"
"We can see them," Tony promised impulsively.  "You can survive up there for a little bit, can't you?  You don't look all that sickly now.  I'll show them to you.  Jarvis used to tell me the stories about them, so I know most of them."
Susan stared at the faceplate of the Iron Man armor, biting her lip.  This was supposed to be Kes's armor, not hers.  She was supposed to take the War Machine armor, but that one hadn't been finished yet.  She'd been in such a hurry when she left, it was all she could do to take the armor she and Kes had been working on finishing first.  Kes was older, after all.  She could have joined the young team of super heroes with Leo, but the armor hadn't been finished yet.  And now...
There was a stubborn set to Steve's words that brought a smile to Tony's lips regardless of his earlier thoughts.  "I don't think that's possible," he said gently.
"I don't take orders from
"You look like hell," she said as the agents filed out.  There might have been a hint of worry in her tone, but Steve was more preoccupied wishing for sunglasses to block out the fluorescent light.  "What happened?"
"They are all around you," Wanda said, pointing to the wall where they entered.  "Here is the start of our clan.  Touch my shoulder and I will show you."
should you so desire it, but fair warning, I do post a lot of random stuff.
"Why are you doing this?" Steve demanded, giving the bubble one last go.  It still refused to break.
Fury barked a laugh, shaking his head.  "I forget you're from the Depression era.  You drive a hard bargain," he said.  "I don't want this one online."
"I'm sorry," Tony said again, pulling his hand back into his lap.  "That was...  What I said before at the Tower too.  And how bad I am at this."
He fired.
"All here," Steve said with a grin.  "Not the rest of the city, but everyone who fought with us are humans now too."  Then he scowled.  "But I'm the only one who remembers.  They thought I was crazy!  Wanda might remember, but I haven't seen her since before the ice.  She comes and goes."
"Okay," Pepper said.  "I'm going to stop babbling and go see Tony."
He motioned to Susan, who handed Kestrel the Skrull detector.  "Now, given what Susan keeps telling me, you're pretty smart.  Smart enough to tell if one of those has been tampered with, right?  So go ahead and scan us.  Well, scan Susan.  You won't find much scanning me and Tony."
"How did the interrogation go?" he asked, sighing internally because she was warm and curled up against his side.
"If you're not sure, we can track the train and try again.  We don't even know if this is them, kiddo.  There'll be another chance, especially if we can track where they're going.  Kes sounds like the sort of girl who will
Steve shrugged.  "I wouldn't say no to one."
-Nathaniel Hawthorne
Steve went to the cupboard, grabbing a bar and unwrapping it as he contemplated dinner and not Iron Man's avoidance.  He finished it off quickly enough, his hunger making itself known despite its bland taste.  He reached for the bread to make a quick sandwich when a familiar sound rang through the hallway.
A terrifying roar answered his question.  "I think the hydra's awake," Tony said, scrambling to stand.  The ground shook again, but this time he was able to lift off before it got too bad.  He heard the roar again behind him and looked down, catching his first glimpse of the hydra.
"And the guy who stepped up as a father figure when Tony's parents died," Rhodey continued.  "Tony was... He was always a bit funny, when Stane was around, but now...  Pepper and I sometimes wonder if Stane was keeping Tony down.  Nothing really overt, but little things that were harder to see and that add up over time."
"Neither of them would speak to me about it either," Natasha said, squeezing Clint's shoulder at the slight hurt Steve could hear in both of their voices.
Steve reacted, moving despite the ache of his body.  He lurched forward, hitting Kang in the spine.  Kang dropped Tony, pivoting to face Steve with murder in his eyes.  But his suit was damaged, even Steve could see that, and without his high tech gadgets, Steve had the upper hand.  He avoided a punch by dancing back, then landing on his hands to kick with his legs and push his momentum into a handstand.  He landed on his feet, closer to the portal.  He felt it more than saw it, sickness taking hold of him even as he fought to stay upright.
Steve swallowed.  Natasha hadn't sent news of getting in touch with Iron Man, but there were other doubts.  Iron Man didn't feel like he was military.  And it didn't make sense for the military to let an operative stay with the Avengers for so much of the time.
Looking Tony in the eye again was going to be interesting.
"Oh, yeah?" Steve asked, amused at how Tony was obviously still half asleep but still managing to hold a conversation.  Never could keep the man quiet for long, though how much Tony would remember later was up to debate.  Steve wasn't the type to talk much to begin with, so he was okay with Tony filling the silences.
"I don't know what you've read in the tabloids, but I am a dinner and flowers kind of guy now," Tony said.
"You did that on your own," Steve said.  She had handled her brother's death much better than he had waking up in the future, and that was all because she was trying.  They had a lot in common, but Wanda didn't need the same push he had to get back out into the world.
"He can take it off himself.  I'm not risking my people," Viper spat.
"You've gotten taller," Kestrel said, her eyes filling with tears.
"Well, Sharon," Peggy said.  "Do you feel up to healing a human, or should I get the head healer?"
He flew straight at the fighter plane, hearing the clang of bullets bouncing off the armor.  He was very glad they had thoroughly tested the new armor to make sure bullet holes wouldn't be a problem.  The new suit was working fine, the smaller size only adding to his agility in the air.  He shot a missile, inwardly cursing as the Hydra plane went up at a rate that had to be hell on the pilot.  It also meant the plane was now out of his line of sight.
He was sorely tempted to just lie there in the dark cave.  Getting up meant finding a way out.  Finding away out meant going back to the War and Hydra.  He'd been fighting for so long that the thought of just waiting,
"Guess there's worse things in life than taking advice from pop groups," Tony said, still chuckling.
Steve's breath caught as Tony was revealed.  He looked exhausted with deep bags under his eyes, and Steve wondered if he'd slept at all in the time Steve had been down here.  Being frozen wasn't the same as sleeping, after all, and it had been evening when Steve went out to fight Kang.  Steve had spent more than a few hours down here drawing as well, not including the time he'd napped.  But Tony was beautiful like this, with his hair mussed and the dark tresses falling every which way.  They stood out against the red and gold of the armor in a way that made Steve long for his paints.
"So you could be prepared," Wanda said, her eyes soft and sympathetic.
Tony laughed, shaking his head and turning away.  "Yeah, and I'm sure you'll be happy not to use that time machine you've found too."
"No, wait," Susan said, taking Kes's hand.  "I... I'm sorry."
"So if I couldn't hide it from you, what does that make this?" Tony asked.  "Is this pity or guilt?  I don't want either."
"What changed?" Steve asked curiously.
, because she didn't know how long she could keep this up.
"Sharon mentioned it.  Is that private as well?"
Natasha nodded and Clint threw him a sloppy salute before they both left Steve to the gym equipment.  He'd always known Iron Man's loyalties would cause a problem.  He just hadn't thought the betrayal would come from his end.
Tony winced.  "The one me coming here started?"
Steve hesitantly linked their hands together, kissing Tony's ring finger.  "I just... I've lost so much, Tony," he said, and Tony squeezed his hand.  "I can't lose you too."
It was a long moment of silence as Steve waited for an answer.  His palms were getting sweaty, but he had a plate in one hand and a hot dog in the other so he couldn't exactly wipe them off.
Steve's muttering stopped after that, but Tony got the impression dark blue was good for hiding in the shadows.
."  Tony felt the anger in the voice, the betrayal.  "He was thinking of an army razing the city to the ground!"
"Hey, I just got it, so don't knock it.  Though I wouldn't mind some pants," Carol said with a chuckle.  "But I was thinking.  What if you made my outfit the sexy one and you went with a classy, elegant style for your lady thief?  That way we don't fall into the Madonna-Whore complex."
"People can take advantage and some will use anything they can find to take you down," Tony replied.  The newspapers never ran out of scandals to publish about him, and he had less privacy than he liked if he wasn't careful.  Half the time that was what drove him from New York on his adventures.
Steve immediately went to grab the first aid kit which they left in the kitchen (Clint was an enthusiastic - if not very careful - cook), searching for the antiseptic.  Tony
* * *
"To be fair, the suit isn't really meant for stealth," Tony said as he wiped the tears from his eyes.  "I'll just have to look imposing to scare them away."
"You sure I'm not double-dealing to him?" Tony said, returning to his crueler tone.  "That's what everyone else would say."
Pepper sighed, then leaned up to kiss his cheek.  "If you say so, Mr. Stark.  I expect a full report on Madame Hydra for my article tomorrow though."
"Tony..." Rhodey let go enough for a proper hug as Tony leaned his head against Rhodey's shoulder and closed his eyes.
"She's gone," Rhodey said.
"Thank you," Steve said, glad for her consideration.
"There's someone else?" Steve asked, contemplating doing his own mental study of the ground.
"It's unnerving," Steve said, wings agitatedly flickering behind him.
It also might be the only way to save him.
He focused on the pain to keep himself from fading as he brought down the walls.  On the things that
"Of course I am.  Why wouldn't I be?" Tony said, still not looking up from his tablet.  And if he called Steve a bad liar, Tony himself wasn't much better.  "You're seeing things, Cap."
"Take a look inside your mind for human names?"
Steve was loathe to trust the word of a super-villain, but something told him Doom wasn't lying.  Even Rhodey lowered the cane, leaning on it heavily now that he wasn't preparing for a brawl.  "If you're not here to fight, why are you here?"
At least this time Tony hadn't turned defensive.  He looked concerned though, and Steve didn't want that.  He didn't know what to say to soothe the worry, however.
Tony went completely still as the butterfly flew towards him in an unhurried way.  It landed on his nose, and Tony looked like he'd stopped breathing.
Leon wavered, looking at Kestrel who was too shell-shocked to follow the computerized drama.  Tony didn't blame her.  He did need her to snap out of it though.  "Hey there, Little Bird.  Gonna need you on Rhodey support."
"And why are you here, Rogers?  Why do you care?" Tony turned to Steve again with a calculating look.  "What's in it for you, because I know it's not my charming personality or wit."
There was anger in Pepper's voice, and he pat her hand absently to show that it was okay.  She deflated a little, her shoulders slumping as her hand slipped into his, clutching at it with a bruising grip that could have rivaled Steve's.
"Oh, my God, you're actually Captain America, aren't you?" the woman replied.  "Sorry.  That was, wow, this is so embarrassing.  You'd think I wouldn't care about meeting anyone after the actual god of thunder, but...  I'm sorry.  I'm being unprofessional and I'm rambling, it's just you're Captain America and the science behind the serum is fascinating. Not that I really study it, but-"
"Where were they last?" Steve asked, instantly alert and on his feet.
That explained the lack of actual thought coming from the dragon.  "Steve," he said, his voice hoarse.  "Hey there, you big lug.  Hey.  I'm okay.  You can stand down, big guy."
Steve tensed at the voice, making sure he was well hidden behind the boxes.  "If you're here, sir," the voice called again, "Mr. Stark requests you come out and not try to sneak on the base."
, but there's only so much I can do by myself.  It's not important anyway."
"Of course," Susan said, wiping her eyes.  "Do you need-"
"Yup, that's me," Tony said, finding a mindless game that Natasha liked to play when she was only half-paying attention.  It had explosions for connecting enough of the colors together, which was always a plus in Tony's book.  "Gold star, Cap.  You can recognize your teammates."
Tony jumped, hand reaching for the gun he hadn't taken off yet.  It was a habit to wear one anytime he was unloading, even when he was at home.  He'd been taken by surprise one too many times with his cargo to go without.
"Doesn't mean you can't take care of it," Steve said, ignoring Tony's hiss at the antiseptic's sting and opening a Band-aid.
it.  And I think you know that already.  He's still too caught up in Pepper to realize it, but he's pretty far gone on you too.  And I'd like two of my friends to be happy."
He held his free hand up, but didn't let go of Steve's wound.  He looked over to see that Viper looked worse for the wear.  Her dress was torn and not quite the same emerald green anymore, and her hair was disheveled.  The scar on her face was on full display, and Tony wondered once again how she'd actually gotten it.  "What do you want, Viper?" he asked.  "The hydra's beyond you and you've destroyed the city.  What more do you want?"
"Dragons?" Jarvis asked.  "What are you going on about?"
Tony looked him and Steve over carefully, not seeing a scratch on either of them.  "I've got a suit that helps me fly.  You saw it a few days ago," Tony said, fingers itching to make sure Steve was really okay because he remembered all too well the agony Steve had been in during the nightmare.
"Steve," Iron Man said, much closer but still a respectful distance away.  "Talk to me, old man.  What's the bee in your bonnet?"
"He is a sentimental fool," Doom said, continuing before either Steve or Rhodey could redirect their anger at him.  "But a noble one.  It was an honorable sacrifice."
Steve let out a noise of distress and Tony longed to take Steve's head in his hands and scratch behind his horns to comfort him, but he didn't dare move his hands.  "Shh, sweetheart.  It's gonna be okay.  I've got you."
"I've only seen four," Steve said.  "One of them brought diseases from the upper world, and it killed many of us.  The second and third wouldn't listen, calling us monsters and trying to kill us.  The last..."  Steve trailed off, his head lowering closer to the ground.
Leon only just managed to stifle the urge to hunch his shoulders.  "Sorry, sir."
The black light cast an eerie glow over Tony's body.  Iron Man's arc reactor was usually white, a light that was almost like a beacon for Steve.  Something to call him home.  But the black light was dark and terrible, with none of the warmth of the reactor.  The doctors had tried to change it, but it wouldn't come undone.  Tony was frozen in time and still as death, and he was like this because he'd been trying to protect Steve.  Not just when he'd been hurt either, but this whole time...
* * *
"I wonder if you did," Peggy replied, and there was a sad look in her brown eyes as he tightened his walls.  "He worries when you do that."
I commissioned some beautiful art from
"Because she was impressed with you," Natasha said, surprising Steve.  "And she knows a first meeting won't change much, but she's willing to keep scheduling you in as long as you're still willing to try."
"I... " Steve said, at a loss of what to do.
"Yes," Peggy said, twining her neck around the smaller dragon.  They both closed their eyes, rubbing cheek to cheek as Tony watched curiously.  Were all dragons this tactile?  "This is Tony Stark," Peggy continued, moving away, but still within wing distance, and her wing spanned over the smaller dragon's.  "And this is-" Discipline and dedication.  Light blue and dark brown.  A warrior's spirit burning bright as a bon fire on a winter's night.  Golden yellow rose, just blossoming, and a deep, running river with water like ice.  "Sharon.  She is my younger sister.  Are you on duty at the moment?"
Tony nodded, not trusting his voice and knowing how painful it would be to speak anyway.  He twitched, making a mental note not to tear out the IV on his hand, but took off the oxygen mask over his face, which must have just been a precaution because Steve didn't tell him to put it back on.  But he had to stay still.  He couldn't move or the rocks...  No, no more building on top of him.  He was fine.
Besides, Kang was right.  He never belonged in this time.
Steve snapped.
Steve's shoulders rose with a deep breath before he continued.  "What they did...  I'm sorry they used me to - I never really thought of you like that."
"I... may have been knocked out before I fell."  He looked around, but there was no sign of his least favorite priestess.  "I'm okay, Steve.  I aced out when I fell and my pride's the most bruised.  What happened on your end?"
Tony nodded, because trying to argue with Steve was exhausting.  It worked, at least.  The dragons were warned.  He'd apologized, even if he wasn't forgiven.  It was the best he could do.
"Hey, big guy," Tony said, not moving no matter how his instincts yelled at him for having a giant monster pinning him down.  "It's just me in here.  I showed you the suit, remember?  Are you going to make a habit of attacking me when I come out?  Because it'd be nice to be prepared for it, should that be the case."
Tony moved on to the next mural, the bright red of the dragon's blood a contrast against the emerald green of the scales.   He gave a passing thought for what kind of paints must be used to get that sort of color, but most of his attention was on the dragon's final moments.  It repulsed him a little, though he couldn't say why.  Dragons were always the monsters in fairy tales, but now, looking at the dragon with its head raised off the ground and the mortal wound in its side, Tony couldn't help but wonder if it were otherwise.
"I suppose I can go easy on you," Steve said, motioning to the sky with his tail.
Mem: Steve is such an epic sulker in any universe.  Also, MAGIC.  *jazz hands*  Sorry.  I had a bit much fun with that.  No apologies for all the cuddles though.  There are no regrets on that account.
"How do you know that?" Natasha asked.  "Is it something Hydra told you?"
At this, Clint looked away, eyes closed in grief.  "By 'coaching' you think..."
Wanda leaned down and as Tony threw his leg over her neck; he saw Peggy and Sharon embrace each other.  Sharon looked like her normal self, a bit serious but genuinely happy to be around Peggy.  Peggy rubbed her cheek, but he felt the sorrow and pride she had for her little sister.
They were
at," Iron Man said, and Steve sensed he was a little hysterical.  Not even the mechanized voice could hide the small note of fear.
"Cap," Sam said, walking in. "I've been looking for - you know, I'm not one to assume or judge, but if that blush means you're looking at porn, Wanda and Vision will be back soon so you might want to take it out of the common areas."
"I'd like more than just one, but a date's good enough to start with," Steve said.
"I'm gonna need some help here," he said quietly as he peered out of the open cargo doors to the military base.
"Monica Chang is the second in command of security.  She works with Maria," Tony babbled, gesturing absently with his free hand.
Tony was rigid for a few seconds before he went limp against Steve's shoulder.  He didn't speak.  The silence felt wrong.  It reminded Steve of Iron Man, who often went still when he was upset.
