“Yes!  Thank you, Mr. Phillips!” Siger accepted the post cheerfully.  He waited for Grammy Hudson to take the remainder, and hopped up into the house with the three Christmas cards clutched in his hands.
Miranda was the last today.  There had been more recently because the exhibition would be over soon.  Miranda herself was trying to get the last bits of detail down, had thought of a way to implement the crown’s metalwork and design into a brocade she’d been thinking of for weeks.
“Not then.  There had only been Mycroft.  And then he grew up without me, and went away.  Much like you are doing.  Oh, I’m not complaining, Siger.  You will do well at whatever work you choose, and you will be splendid at it.”  Sherlock had mastered the awkward pat in his thirteen years as a father.
This was a long one, huh?  I would think I was finished, and more came out.  So, hoping it's not too long for you all.
Then came the grand preparation for Christmas Luncheon at Uncle Mycroft’s.  All three children were popped into the long bathtub by their Père, while John muttered his way through cleaning up the disaster scene that was the front room.  Washed and dried by Sherlock with shrieks of laughter, John then took the children up the creaking wooden staircase to the nursery for dressing in Christmas clothes, while Sherlock took his turn at the shower.  This was by design, as the long, curly-haired detective took a considerably longer time messing about with his shaving and his hair.
“Yeah, well, no . But I suspect it was the lads from the bicycling club in the town.  They’ve been pestering me about locking Alexander up.  He won’t let them bike across my land.  Afraid of him, they are, for all that he’s a quarter their size.  And them on their fancy bicycles!”
Sherlock stoppered that sentence with a long, thin hand across John’s lips.  “Leave me some sanity, John Watson,” he said.
“I’m not asking Dad what that means,” her red-haired cousin said absently, his nose in a book on Chopin.  Chopin’s first name was spelled Fryderyk on the cover.  Joy had obtained a promise from Siger that he would read the important bits to her once he had gone all the way through it once.  She could read, just not as well as Siger.  But he was, after all, older than she was.
There was a shrug. “I’m sure that I have no idea.”  His family were safe, if not comfortable. He turned to examine the very large kidnapper.  The big scarred man was cuffed, and currently having a contusion on his skull seen to by one of Mycroft’s people.  There was a hemisphere of bleeding tooth marks on the massive wrist awaiting their turn for attention.  Well done, John!
Mycroft stirred uneasily.  “It occurred to me that you might wish to tell him in your own way.  You are in a better position to facilitate the notification without John raging out the door to the address on the dossier demanding a return of his blood kin.”
“Your laptop.  Too easy, John,” came from the tall git with his legs stretched out under the seats in front of them.
, and Uncle Mycroft, and Uncle Greg, Grammy Hudson, Alice Brown, and Albert have all been my teachers.  Even before I went to school.  I’m not afraid of hard work.  I just know that this is an opportunity to expand my understanding.  I can’t write a magnum opus if I don’t know about the world, can I?”
“The Shepherd,” Siger and Miri told him at once.  Rosalind made a sign that must have meant shepherd, though it was not one that Sherlock knew.
The water closet called.  Fiercely.  And so he left examination of the cardboard cartons, ostensibly packed with cement, until after he paid heed to that call.
Rosalind Watson squawked at her big brother, but he held the card above his head and out of her reach.    Miranda Watson rolled over to them, and bumped against her sister, giggling.  That set Ross Watson giggling as well.
Takeout would not do much for tomorrow morning when John would be sweetly encouraging his and Sherlock’s children, and his mad spouse, to eat a healthy breakfast before school.  “Right,” he said, “We’re off to the shops.”
‘The difference between us is that I did not have friends, Siger.  You do,” Sherlock added reluctantly.
reached a long arm up over his head, and pulled an album down.  “We will have to sit at the table,” he told Siger, giving the boy time to prepare for his
The big man laughed, “Samson, for all he looks like a little lion.  How did you know I had a dog, little lad?”
“Well, yes,” Sherlock replied, “But I believe the invitation was through Alice Brown, and I just remember seeing the text she sent out before calling in sick with the flu.  You can find it on my phone.  And yours if I remember correctly.”
Siger, Joyeux, and Guillaume were simple compared to Mycroft’s baby brother. Rose and Miranda were no trouble at all.  The two little girls seemed to have very little interest in hiding in the first place, and spying in the second. Which was useful in their sequestration here at Dachaigh Dùthchail.
Sherlock was out on his semi-weekly evening free of familial duties.  John knew that his consulting detective would eventually end up at the mortuary, where Molly was working third shift.  Until that point, there was no use trying to find the man.  Either he was taking samples of pollutants from the Thames, chatting with the Homeless Network, or exploring London in disguise.  And while his understanding of a balanced meal was better than it had been, it was still not up to Dr. John Watson’s standards.
“Miri Cat will be alright.  She’s home with your father.  We’ll be alright.  You’re here with me,” John reassured her as he used flu dulled senses to search for the small transponder sewn into the hem of the bright red snow jacket.
Picture, if you will, two men sitting together on a couch.  The room is darkened, the lamplight does not highlight the charcoal grey of the wallpaper, and its pattern is not evident in the darkness.  The white of bone on the wall, and on the mantelpiece reflects what little light there is.  Their faces are lit by the screens of their laptops.  There is the sound of music from downstairs, where their landlady - who really is more than their landlady - is playing Christmas carols as she bakes for tomorrow’s card party over at Mrs. Turner's.
John Watson had not thought it would be anything other than ordinary at home. And yet, he wasn't certain what to expect.
“Yes!  They have been gone for at least two days.  All of these signs are like a story, Siger.  They tell us about what occurred here.” His
Siger ran upstairs to get his stuffed soccer ball, dug out of the pile of plush items in Miri’s crib.  He didn’t play with it much, as Miri had commandeered it, and liked to drool on the plush. His Dad has put out his football shirt this morning, and was wearing his own, even though “their team” was not playing.  Uncle Greg’s was, and when he arrived, carrying a paper sack filled with snacks and beer, it was an arrival draped in the Arsenal colours.
John stretched and put his tray up.  “Thanks,” he told her, as he unbuckled, slipped out of the seat, and strode as briskly as he could back to the restrooms.
John Watson watched, smiling, as Ross climbed up onto her prone father on the couch.  “Right,” he said, and went to make a larger pot of
Sherlock gazed around the car, lingering on Mrs. Hudson still staring out the window, then said, “Why we’ll go to Uncle Mycroft’s.  He as space for all of us, since he and your Uncle Lestrade are in France.”
Siger leaned his curly haired head against his Daddy’s shoulder.  “Alright, Daddy.” It didn’t sound whiny, but more a little sad.
“Yes, my son, it was was terribly inefficient.  Beyond amateur.” Sherlock loved the trusting face presented by his offspring.
“Anna will be joining us at the house, Sherlock, and I am certain that she and Mrs. Hudson will get along splendidly,” Mycroft’s smile was assured.
John settled down, socked feet on the couch, and laptop on his own stomach, to detail the flight and who he’d met, the hoody man, the young writer, and which of his fellow flyers John thought were Mycroft’s agents.  It wasn’t quite like being at home, but it would have to do for now.
allowed for their fireplace.  There was a ring of stones, smooth round rocks that were about the size of Siger’s two fists put together each.  Inside the ring was a pile of ashes and burnt sticks.  There was a long spot, where the dirt was pushed down.  A rubbed spot on the branch of one of the surrounding trees, was too tall for Siger to examine well.  But he showed it to
Daddy gave Siger a cocked headed look, like when he was measuring something without the tape.  “Do you think he’s old enough, Greg?”
The entire household of two hundred twenty one B, with the addition of Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade and his romantic partner Mycroft Holmes, stood in the sitting room of Mrs. Hudson’s first floor flat and watched the billowing cloud of white puffing toward them down the hall from the kitchen.
One was a man whom Miranda was convinced was a thief of some sort.  She’d spoken to her Uncle about him, presented the Detective Inspector with a sketch torn out of her book.  No go.  Uncle Greg smiled.  “That’s one of ours, Kitten.”  Reassuring, she supposed.
and Daddy came home.  They checked all correspondence that Siger was allowed to open.  The christmas cards?  Even if they were not directly addressed to Siger, it was one of Siger’s chores to open them, and then to place them on the shelf.  He could just reach it by standing on the Daddy’s chair.
Miri bubbled at him, while Ross examined the woolly creature with drooping eyes and leaned sideways until her head rested on the canvas side of the stroller.  She closed her eyes.
going through some cold case files to pay Uncle Greg back for feeding the rats while we’re under our, as he put it, self-imposed quarantine.”
Those light colored eyes widened, and Sherlock pulled back from the microscope.  There was silence while he processed the idea.  “John,” he said finally, “What an interesting idea.”
“John,” his husband began very carefully but the blond doctor interrupted him without raising his head, “No, you know what? It’s fine.  It’s more than fine.  Just do what you think is best.  What would I know about gardening?”
There was an atmosphere of waiting.  As all of the adults knew that they would eventually come down with whatever it was that John had caught.  Possibly from his patients.  Possibly from someone of the criminal class that they’d been in contact with in the past week.
“It means,” said John Watson to his son, “that God was announcing that his Son was coming to the earth.  That the time we celebrate the birth of the Christ child is coming.  It means that it is almost Christmas.”
Sometimes the dreams were of the fall, and John’s shout of horror echoing in his own ears.  Other times it was silence and staring down at the still body at his feet, fumbling to discover a pulse, a thread to connect his best friend, his partner, to life.  Finding nothing.
“In spite of the tears?  Yeah, Harry.  Life is good.”  John was changing Miri’s diaper on the full-sized bottom of the bunk bed.  “Who’d have thought we’d end up like this?”
A huge beef roast graced the center of the table.  Brown, crisp fat gleamed in decoration of the large bones of the roast, filling the air with a savory odor.  “Daddy?” Siger’s attempt at a polite whisper over the buzz of conversation failed somewhat, as it came during a momentary lull.  “Do I have to try everything?”
Well. As if that did not set off all manner of foreboding as Declan pulled the ominous black car neatly into the unloading zone in front of the Diogenes club. John stepped out, minus the plastic jug of 2%, greeted the doorman, and walked up the steps into the foyer of the Diogenes.
A movers’ van pulled up beside them as they waited on the kerb for the light.  John’s flu was completely to blame for his lack of clarity, his dulled sense that there was a danger.  Dark clothed, balaclava covered figures were reaching for him then, and for his daughter.  Milk sprayed across the asphalt from the split carton as John dropped the bag and chinned one of their assailants, knocking him backward into another of the dark figures.  Ross’s squeak - as he swung her ‘round to put her on the ground - was muffled.  “Run, Ross love, run,” John told her against all sense, because she couldn't even walk yet, before shifting back to face the assailants.  Everything moved in slow motion as they grappled with him, and tossed his aching body into the back of the van.  He came to a stop with his head bashed against the wire mesh of an equipment cage. A moment later  Ross squeaked again as she was tossed on top of him.
Oh, good.  A train story.  Ross would like that one.  Chapters of longer children’s works showed up as well.  As he copied and pasted ideas one-handed into a longer document, he was aware when Ross gave a deep sigh and fell asleep against his chest.
Hmmm.  This was going to be work.  John was going to have to read all of these titles before he brought them into the nursery.  Of course, there was a box of books in the attic crawl space.  Books that Mycroft and Greg, that Molly, or Bert, Auntie Harriet or Clara, or Mrs. Hudson, or Alice Brown gave to the children were kept in the nursery.  There were even books from Mike Stamford and his wife in there -- some hand-me-downs, some purchased for holidays.  Looking back, there were an awful lot of people buying his children books, clothing, and primarily educational toys.  Harry’s presents tended toward the deliberately annoying, but equally fascinating to the youngest residents of the flat.
because Daddy was letting the bee-in-his-bonnet move him to share the pink candle, “It’s for the shepherds, not just for ‘hope and joy’, and the blue candles that the acolyte lights in church.”  Daddy was now staring, but Siger could not see anything there.  Daddy was also leaning against the grey, weathered wooden fence.
“Well, in the Summer, we’re closer to the sun, and so it gets hotter.  In Winter we’re farther away, and it gets colder.  And darker.  So tonight will be a long night, with darkness early.  But after today the nights will get shorter.  Do you remember when you had to go to bed last summer, and it was still light outside?  That was because we were close to the Summer Solstice, and the daylight was with us longer.”
During creative play both Siger and Prossie went to another room to work on “projects”.  James was not in the “projects” class - Father had laughed and called it “liberal rubbish instead of work" when the Teacher had offered him a space.  When Teacher had turned and asked James if he wanted to try it, James had known that Mother would not approve, and chosen wisely.  But that meant that Siger and Prossie went without him.
John could see that the boy had indeed been stuffing packets of biscuits under the hem of his hoodie.  The contour of the packets under the green cloth was fairly obvious.  He did not get to respond, as an short, round woman in a well-coordinated suit heard Siger’s loud whisper and took offense.
“Thank you, Siger, for your very helpful encouragement.  Consider it as volunteering to take the garbage down to the bins,” John called over his shoulder.
They had, however, been sent children’s literature that John had thriftily put away for their offspring for the future.  Everything else was sent to Oxfam or Great Ormond Street for those less fortunate.
John resolved to compromise, just a little, on his partner’s next request for an unsustainable experiment.
Cold drizzle greyed the air around the perambulator, bringing a flush to excited cheeks as Miri and Ross chattered to each other.  Ross still used her fingers mostly, but threw a few words into the mix.
December 3rd already.  John Watson stared at the date heading the blank page of his blog.  He was late in working on it.  No cases, thank heaven, but just clearing up all of the housekeeping from the past two weeks. Mrs. Hudson -- their landlady -- Alice Brown -- their office manager -- and Bert Tran -- their au pair -- were amazingly flexible in taking care of Siger, Miri, and Ross.  But they were not their housekeepers.
“Today is the Winter solstice, Siger,” John Watson told his son as he zipped up Siger’s light blue snow suit.  John was wearing his parka already, but it wasn't zipped yet.  Next came the little blue and white mittens that were attached with a line down inside each sleeve.   Even so, Siger still managed to lose mittens in large quantities.  John went on, “That means that today there will be more darkness than daylight.  It is the shortest day of the year, and the longest night.”
told you about the Trust Fund.  You’re covered.  Unless you want to waste your time partying and throwing away your gifts like some young people do,” John always left it unsaid that Sherlock Holmes had done so with an insane amount of drugs.
The sturdy, blond haired doctor tried to focus on the readings for the day, but he was just now realizing that they’d not made plans for Christmas this year.  Not any. John hadn’t talked about presents with Sherlock or Mrs. Hudson.  No decisions had been made on whether or not to get a real tree – since Miri seemed to be developing allergies.
“The marks from your nails are distinctive, and clearly not defensive marks.  I believe I should take pictures for future reference,” Sherlock Holmes was happy to explain to Jeannine.
was eying the thick, knotted and curved stick the man was holding.  “It would certainly be handy in a fight if one knew how to use it,”
munted adj. an extreme state of intoxication by way of drugs or alcohol such that the subject's ability to perform basic tasks such as walking and talking are significantly impared. (Urban Dictionary)
Now it was John’s turn to snort.  Then he came to the bedside, checking into the two cribs before bending low to give his son a kiss goodnight.  “Sleep well, Siger sweet,” he said, “Do you want a night light?”
John, stretched out across the bottom bunk at the feet of Miri and Ross, fought sleep.  They were safe.  They were together.  The soft sound of Siger’s even breathing from above them told him his boy was nearly asleep.  Miri and Ross did not make it even to the end of the first sentence, and Siger followed soon after.
“John?” Came the baritone form the stop of the steps. “I trust you.” Then the click of the door shutting behind him. John could hear him tending to Miranda over the monitor.
“What else would it be?” Sherlock asked.  “At least,” he pointed out, “The elf got away.  Father Christmas was going to torture her before he murdered her.  Just like the last three.”
James had gotten covered in gun oil in the beginning, when he was learning to take care of his weapon.  His own personal weapon - the Beretta - was familiar.  He liked the rifles- there were a lot of those, and his shotgun, a Mossburg - smaller than Mother’s - was not as fun to shoot, unless you liked a big noise.  One of the nannies had been upset at the big purple bruises from the recoil when he was learning to use it.  She had to go away too.  Mother had called Ms. Farmer to the office, and James had never seen that nannie again.  She had not been there long enough for James to miss her.  Not like the other Nannies, Mrs. Spotz and Elsa.  They were huggers and cuddlers and holders in the dark or scary times.  Ms. Farmer had not been.
Siger had gotten his “ar” down now, and Uncle Mycroft was immensely pleased at this. But now Siger was also noticing how his father and his father’s brother interacted.
Stepping over to the sitting room windows, empty of glass and still dripping from the fire hoses, he picked up his sodden violin from the floor.  The cannonade of water had knocked over the music stand and sent the instrument flying onto the carpet.  He didn’t like to put the violin into the sodden wet velvet interior of its case.  Best to just bring it with him, cradled carefully under his arm.  A sticky lump of rozin joined the bees in his trouser pocket.
He got only a few steps before tripping over the first of several boxes in his way.  His cry of pain, followed by a bitter, vehement curse, didn’t wake Sherlock, who began to snore slightly.
’s footprints in the grass and mud when his father popped out from behind a bush.  “Good tracking, Siger,”
Sherlock Holmes heaved a great sigh.  “Would you like to see a picture of Mycroft from when he was fat?” he asked.
“Yes, well…” John hid a smile. “We’ll be concentrating on stories for a while, regardless.  Doesn’t mean we’ll stop --” He didn’t get to finish that sentence.
walked.  Siger ran to keep up with his father’s long legs.  Some day, he would have long legs too, just like
“The violin, eh?  Lots of practice to that.  I bet you’ll find something else more fun to do when you get to the upper forms.”  This Father Christmas seemed certain.
The children were still damaged - it's still abusive to withhold affection and attention from children - but they were not AS damaged as the others.
Mycroft Holmes had loved many things about Greg Lestrade from the first.  There was the wild boy silver hair that Mycroft still itched to comb with his fingers, even after all of this time.  There was the unrehearsed and open laughter at the comical vagaries of life.  There was the beauty of the man’s mature, but boyish face, of his form.  Finally, there was  the quick wit, the innate wisdom, and the willingness the detective showed when doggedly working his way through to the end of a knotty problem.  Lestrade’s intelligence might not be the quicksilver firing of neurons that were part and parcel of Mycroft’s and Sherlock’s genetic inheritance, but it had the tough fibre necessary for digging out an answer buried under masses of misinformation and distraction.
They stepped into the foyer.  John picked up the mail on the mat, and went through it idly as they walked toward 221C.
John turned to examine the tall, dark-haired nutter he lived with.  “What is the experiment? You’re not trying to cause an epidemic are you?”
set, acting out the story for his sisters, and notified his Daddy when Miri went off crawling again.  Daddy got a very nice series of photographs of the whole process, which he showed to Siger before sending off in a text message to
It was Siger’s idea, however, to try on the emerald green vest.  Greg’s look of amusement was not lost on Mycroft, who was wearing a three piece suit himself.
Ancient kisses were still important, of course.  The press of lips to Mummy’s powdered cheek.  Her return embrace.  A goodnight buss from Father.  The press of lips into the crown of his head when his big brother Mycroft thought his toddler self was sleeping.  Not so much of the moment anymore.  Mrs. Hudson’s motherly endearments.
“Where is Lestrade?” For a man who despised repetition, this was a sentence that Sherlock Holmes voiced with regularity.  It wasn’t that John was particularly tired of hearing that phrase.  The doctor had been running all over London after his partner for a fortnight now.  Brief breaks at home to see the children and update the blog were not enough to maintain adequate physical health when combined with too little sleep.  And fast food.
The expression that bloomed on Sherlock’s face was that of a child discovering a birthday present.  Of course.  John had just opened up an entire new field of research for the man.
That did make Daddy snort.  Though he was not supposed to.  Daddy said that laughing when Siger acted like
Dr. John Watson, veteran, blinked, and looked at it in the light of his partner’s observations.  His heavy sigh released much of the tension in his highly affronted frame.  “You have a point.  Though flesh burning from a bomb doesn’t smell exactly like a roast, Sherlock.  There’s the chemical flavor,” and how did he ever begin to explain the wrongness of describing the horrors of war in tasting terms, “to begin with.  And burning is not the same as roasting.”
“I will scratch it for you,” his spouse said ominously, drawing a large palette knife from the box.  “No, wait!  Siger, get me a fork!” he said winking at the boy.
When they got to Winnipeg, John gave her one of his business cards.  Not the Holmes Watson Investigations, but Dr. John H. Watson, though it did have his blog address on it.  “Thanks again.  I enjoyed talking to you!  Let me know when you’re published, and I look forward to reading your books!”
choice.  Once in a very great while Siger would ask, “What would you like to read tonight, Daddy? (or
When John climbed out of the car at two hundred twenty one b, Baker Street, after he thanked Declan, he took a moment to observe.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock offered, “we should discuss with Siger what he would like to give to his sisters.  And others.”
told him.  It was standard procedure that either Sherlock or John checked the mail first to ensure that no one sent anthrax or other disease impregnated envelopes.  To be fair, it had only happened once (if you didn’t count Moriarty’s botulinumed gift of Carl Powers’ shoes), but that was enough for Siger’s Daddy to insist on a better level of protection.
He could see that question startled his uncle.  Uncle Mycroft said, “Siger, I have no answer for you.  That is a question you must ask your
Tony Cavallo Moran refused to speculate on Seb’s plans for the boy’s future.  Better not to get attached.  Ten more years on the contract, and then he was free as a bird.  And rich as old Croesus.
“I always can guess,” she said, “and that’s why I’m going to write my own stories.  So there will be books like what I want to read.”
Ross and Miri, who’d been gathered up themselves into the Pack and Play, were watching the entire delivery of the pine tree with large eyes from their seats in the Graco.  Miri gurgled loudly.  “Gggggggggggm,” she commented.
“You were going to have Siger ask the Garden Centre for information personally?  There’s a man I know who might be a better primary resource.  It would be helpful to have Miranda and Rosalind meet him as well.  There is a cottage we can go to for the weekend.”
eyes that were so very like his own and said, “Uncle Mycroft is not as big as a house.  He is not even very big.  Uncle Mycroft is skinny.”  Siger had learned that word from Grammy Hudson, who worried about Sherlock’s weight.
Shrieking tires, and Cuddles looked up to see a dingy white van screaming into the old car park.  That was not any repair service, it was some sort of police agents.  Kill the Doc or run?  No time to decide when the smaller man bit down, cleaving flesh on his arm.  Minutely distracted by the pain, he was overthrown and taken out by a hefty chunk of asphalt in the Doc’s hand.
“They love them.  Especially Alexander - he does love cauliflower.  Are you saying I should have a go at the lads from the bicycling club?  That’s easy enough, I suppose.  I didn’t like to just assume it was them without something to go on. Thank you, young man!” and after leaving his contact information, Siger escorted the older man down the stairs to the front door.  “I’ll let you know what I find out, young - Siger was it?  And thank you!”
“What are my options?  This is not my area.”  Here in the Mind Palace it was allowed for Sherlock to be helpless.
The smell of scones travels up the stairs, and seeps upward through cracks and crevices in the old house.  They know the petite woman will save a plate for them, and for their children.  It will be breakfast in the morning.
loved those silken twists of red, but thought that perhaps it was time to cut his son’s hair.  Still, he admitted that the crown of stars looked well on their crimson bed.  While he was busy with those thoughts, Siger noticed his father in the doorway.
“Each time you say that,” John said, turning to face his partner, “it ups the bar on mad things we’ve done.”  It was not exactly a grumble.
“Oh.” John was nonplussed.  “Why are you cooking a roast then?  Did someone hide a murder weapon inside one, and you’re determining the rate of blood deterioration?  Was the roast a murder weapon used to bludgeon a victim?”
What Siger saw was a small pile of wood.  He observed that it was wet, and it wasn’t the type of wood that
John could see the constable in his peripheral vision as he handed the black leather wallet to the sergeant.  “Watson.  A Doctor John Watson,” the sergeant announced.
“Sherlock refused to be seen with me in it.  He insisted I use Mrs. Hudson’s back door to exit the building.  And that with my parka over it.  And walk at least a block before trying for a taxi.  He gave me money for the cab too, so that I wouldn’t be seen with it while taking the tube.”
Except, of course for Siger.  And her cousins, Daniel and Emma.  And that was not so much bullying, as ensuring that Rosalind’s head did not swell too much.
Laughing uproariously, the vets slapped both John and Sherlock on the back.  “Lucky John!” and “Lucky Sherlock!”  John laughed along with them, giving his partner a slow wink.  The detective resolved to purchase an entire jar of those cherries.  For them both to practice on.
Mycroft Holmes’ housekeeper placed a dish of ripe, luscious smelling strawberries and cream in front of her guest, and sat down to her own late morning snack of strawberries.  “You are welcome, Martha.  Please let me know if you need anything while you are here.  Please eat the strawberries.  There are plenty, and they will spoil if we don’t finish them.”
The next morning after a visit by Gregory Lestrade and Mycroft Holmes, who brought Siger with them, Siger Hamish Holmes leaned over in his
Rosalind and Miranda provide the soundtrack of weeping and wailing over the faint brangle of Christmas carols flowing forth from Mrs. Hudson’s laptop, opened to her holiday recipe file.  Alice Brown, her Tenniel headband slipping back over her shoulder length brown hair, was attempting to carry a struggling Ross from the scene.  Albert Tran, held an equally distraught Miranda, and was trying to edge his way out through the crowd.
says meat, and biscuits, and bread, and coffee.  Daddy says beer, too.”  After this exposition, Siger took an enormous bite of his ham sandwich.  The mustard was brown too, but that was not part of a Maillard reaction, so he did not bring that into the conversation.
“Yes,” John grunted from his position face down in the dirt with his arms bound behind his back, “I’m waiting for Sherlock Holmes.  I have paperwork for those lab specimens in my left coat pocket.”
Cuddles never got his orders directly from Jim Moriarty.  Of course not.  But Tiger Moran was not in charge. Like Cuddles, Moran did what Jim Moriarty said.  Tiger never lied, or prettied things up for the man.  “Kill him.  Make it messy.  We want it particularly messy.”   Or, “We’re sending a message with this one.  So make sure anyone who sees her understands.”
With the addresses supplied, it didn’t take Cuddles long to determine that the old bird and the blond bloke still lived at the same address.  221B Baker STreet.  The DI was no longer at his lodgings, but Cuddles trailed him from NSY to the address he had for the skinny ginger. Pricey digs.
“Fine, love. Just fine.  Missing you!  Missing the kids!” Greg Lestrade couldn’t hide the relief in his voice.  “How are you?”
A small, friendly smile toward her employer finished the conversation so far as Alice Brown was concerned.
said to Siger.  “Your Uncle Mycroft and I had an argument a long time ago.  We have continued to have arguments, and will probably continue to do so.  So I do not share with your Uncle Mycroft.”
Mycroft set the half empty teacup on a side table. “We have tracked down a link to the men behind your kidnapping last year.”
John was organizing the children and Mrs. Hudson into a vehicle - they’d called Anthea instead of Uber or a taxi.  Stepping briskly up, the thin, dark haired man ducked under the caution tape.  At least the front door had not been broken open by the firefighters, though there were dents and chips in the black paint.  The knocker was more askew than normal.  Mycroft would hate that.  Sherlock had propped the door open for the emergency services before running up the stairs to the children’s room.
“Then you might want to wait a bit to get a dog.  That’s serious business, a dog is.  Not something you can just go out and buy at Tescos, then get rid of when you’re busy and can’t care for it,” Tom told the little boy with a touch of seriousness.
“You found the aroma pleasant when you first entered the kitchen.  Even tantalizing.  The smell has not changed, but the provenance of the roast is upsetting you,” the consulting detective observed.
But then they’d shown up at the temporary flat he’d been hiding out in.  And skiving off down the fire escape hadn’t helped, because there’d been police everywhere he looked after that.
“Well?” John Watson said.  At Siger’s blank look, he elaborated, “Let’s hear your growl then.  Don’t dragons roar?”
Siger went on, “And Christmas is about a baby.  So we should all be forgiving.  Because the Baby Jesus was born on Christmas Day.”
Takeout, then.  Which was all well and good.  Siger wanted Thai, “Tom Yum, please!”   Ross glimmered at him “Samosas!”  Miranda, who hovered about like a hummingbird, but rarely shouted, pointed at the freezer and asked, “Ice lolly?” John looked again into the freezer, which was bereft even of ice, let alone lollies.  He reset the ice-maker and moved the plastic bin back underneath it.
In the taxi, on the way home to Baker Street John told his partner, “Please don’t tell Siger that Uncle Greg arrested Father Christmas tonight.  Please?”
Siger blinked at his Daddy.  Daddy heaved himself to his knees.   He told Miranda, “Good job, Miri Cat!  Let’s put this in your file, shall we?”
There was quiet.  Then a mug of hot, sweet tea was placed in front of the detective.  “I was not complaining,” John said as he took his place in the next seat.  A sip of hot milky orange pekoe produced a sigh of happiness.
“Not any longer,” was pointed, if steady.  “I am your business manager, and have a busy time with all of the paperwork you refuse to do.”
He gave a huffing sigh.  “Let me see if there’s one that we can share, just us first.  Then we’ll read with Miri Cat and Siger.  Alright?”
“You want tea? What a surprise.  Isn’t that a surprise, Ross?” John laid the picture book on the coffee table before hoisting his daughter onto her own feet.  “I’m thinking you’d like some breakfast too, wouldn’t you, love?  Hot chocolate?”
John went for his mobile, and scrolled down through the “read” messages.  Yes, there were quite a few that he did not remember seeing.  But apparently Sherlock had been checking them.  And unsurprisingly, answering them.  In John’s voice at least.  To be fair, they were all dated from when John had been out of his head with flu.
.  Her siblings had a tendency to act with immediacy.  Miranda rather thought she would wait and find out what she could from the situation before moving.  Or before calling Uncle Greg.
” Sherlock found that he could muster enthusiasm for his son.  And under the little boy’s watchful eyes he raised a spoonful of the mixture to his lips.  The soup was flavourful.  He was hungry.  Sherlock ate all of the broth, to Siger’s great satisfaction.
John’s deep breath as a calming technique was not helping much.  He was much less shouty when he finally agreed. “Yes.  This bothers me, Sherlock.”
John Watson growled. “I take those into account, but I don’t think of those in terms of numbers and add them all together.”  He opened the door to 221C and gestured for his crazy spouse to precede him.
Daddy explained that Mrs. Hudson had two hips, but that one was bad.  Not a mean hip, but it did not work as it should.  So Mrs. Hudson could not carry him anymore.  Because Siger was growing up to be a big boy.
The stuff pulled apart finally and John relished the drag as he painfully peeled the sticky, grey mass from his wrists.  Nothing in the trunk.  He confirmed with his hands what he’d seen when he was first dumped in.  Now, where was the emergency latch?
For a wonder, there was no call from Lestrade. Bert remained downstairs. Alice Brown closed up the office and went home for the night. The children were fed, bathed, and put to bed after a fairly short and easily read book.
“I’ll get the children. You take care of Mrs. Hudson!” those words echoing oddly, almost muffled by the sound of the fire, the sirens, the shouts outside.  He’d ignored John’s shout of argument.
Sherlock seated at the foot of his son’s bedstead, leaned against the painted plaster wall, long legs stretched across the small mattress.  “That's what *I* said,” his father told him.
“Yes,” Sherlock took hold of the rouge.  “One way to contour the face is to use shading.  I’m going to brush this darker rouge under your Daddy’s cheekbone here, then blend it in.  If it stands out too much, that’s not good.  You should never look like you have makeup on.  It defeats the purpose.  And as in many things, ‘less is more’.”
Daddy opened up a new dvd that he had ordered with a violinist and Christmas carols in a concert.  Siger sipped his cup of Bovril, as Daddy and
“It wouldn’t hurt,” Sherlock said slowly as he twined glittering red garland around the tree, “If we made sure the girls are used to animals as well.”
Finally his father put the violin away.  “Come along, Apis Mellifera, and help me get your Daddy’s and sister’s teas,”
Mycroft leaned back in the creaking chair, “Picture me down in the wine-cellar, desperate for privacy in speaking with you.”
John seated himself carefully on the small, child’s bed - all crisp white sheets and a piratical crimson wool blanket.  He bounced a few times.   “How did your parents manage that?”
“I accept both of your apologies for the lying. Know that I have objections to the makeup as well.”  Then relenting he added slightly louder and with more inflection, “The lying was the most objectionable.  You know when you are allowed to lie.  This was not one of those times.”
“All ready for the game, I see!” Uncle Greg said, which gave Siger a thought.  Daddy must have texted Uncle Greg.  Or Uncle Greg had inferred it from the clothing, and the fact that Siger was there, while
After a moment of thought their brother went on, “You were late meeting me at the gate though.  To come home.”
knelt on the floor next to it, with Siger still on his lap, but turned around now, so as to see the book instead of
“Possibly.  I will have to think about this.  You have, after all, sat on this information for six months.  If Siger was in imminent danger you would have handled the situation yourself,” it was said with complete confidence.
“So,” reasoned Siger Holmes, “We should share something with him that he won’t want to eat, and we won’t eat, but we will have fun with.”
John had given up the fight.  The tumbler went back to the coffee table, and his left arm wrapped around his infuriating partner.
“Sherlock, nobody looking at how I’m dressed, at my figure, is going to think that I’m any sort of a woman,” was the best that John Watson could come up with, “And I have a very masculine haircut.”
John cursed loud and long in Pashto while he struggled to drag his taped wrists over his bum, then down enough to draw his legs through the gap.  He got stuck half way, and his curses turned to English. venomous and real, before he got it moving again.  Could have been worse, he could have had the tape around his arms and body together.  Or higher up, immobilizing his upper arms.   At least this way John could try biting through the binding.  Or unpeeling it. Which was pretty damned tough.  He worried at it, like a dog with a chew toy, ignoring the pain from his abraded knuckles.
Mycroft pointed out, “You have more experience playing the guitar than John does with the clarinet.”
There followed a lesson for John on how to shorten his military stride, to stretch the muscles on his hips to get them to relax enough for an easy motion of the hips, and how to keep his shoulders back, his arms to the side.  Miri and Ross and Siger all followed John following Sherlock about the flat walking like women, picking their way with more precisely placed steps..  Sherlock told John point blank, “I did not expect you would agree to wearing heels.  So the flats will have to do.”  It was late, but not quite the children’s bedtime before their
Siger hid a smile, not well enough, he knew, from his father.  “I will ask Uncle Mycroft.  What about,” he thought of how to phrase it, “What did you want to be when you were my age?”
Rosalind was insisting on walking.   Sherlock Holmes bent over oddly to hold her hand.  John tried his best not to giggle.  Both were massively stubborn.
“Rosalind,” Mycroft lifted her up, “I think that you might like this yellow outfit over here.”  He carried her over to the tiny mannequin dressed in a plush buttercup yellow dress.
“You let me know if the bright light hurts your eyes, okay?” Daddy started to gather him up, along with the duvet, a pillow, his plush violin, and his plush red blood cell.
told his son, “Is Redbeard.  He was Mycroft’s dog first, and then he was my dog.  We loved him very much.  But when Uncle Mycroft went away to school he could not take Redbeard with him.”
“I’d like for us to leave London no later than the tenth of January.  However, if we leave this Sunday, we can celebrate Sherlock’s birthday in Scotland.  Gregory can come up with us, then leave on the seventh to come back to London.”  John could not hear it, but Sherlock knew how unhappy his brother was about that.
John was beginning to gather what was going on.  At the look of horror on Siger’s face - unusual, as Siger was usually the first to offer to be the dead body, or subject of an experiment - John raised his hand.  “Alright.  I’m your man.”
He has made tea like this so many times that he’s not aware of the time it takes to steep the orange pekoe, he just accomplishes it.  Two spoonsful of sugar goes in one mug, black, with a periodic symbol for one of the noble gases on it.  A spot of milk cools the second mug of tea, an RAMC mug that the tea maker has had for years.
Siger snorted, and the old farmer smiled to have gotten the reaction.  “Do any of them work at a restaurant?  Indian? Or Thai?”
“Any minute now,” Sherlock told him.  Then banged his head back against the plaster wall.  “Why do they always call ‘round to let people know they’ve used their tiny minds to figure out who the villain is, before putting themselves directly into the line of fire?”
“Did you find any corn or feed that might have been used to entice your geese away, Mr. Gurdy?” Siger asked.
John Watson appeared in the kitchen doorway drying his hands on a tea towel.  “I expect she likes whatever Siger plays with.  Miri too.”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake, John,” Sherlock snapped at him, “I am not looking for ways to transmit pathogens.  If I were, I’d be at the labs in Saint Barts.  Or I’d make Mycroft set me up in one of the government facilities.”
“Really, John!  Is that why you called me?  To find out the time?” Sherlock waved his wristwatched arm toward the screen.”
Greg nodded.  “I’m all for not dressing them like twins in complementary colours.  What do you think John and Sherlock will say about your idea?”
.  She loved him, but he would allow his affection for her to aim his razor sharp tongue to the police officers, possibly to Oliver as well, and that would get them all nowhere.  “I wish I had his talent,” she thought for the first time.  “Or Siger’s.”
“Hmm,” John considered, “Better let Bert know anyway.  Otherwise he’ll hear it on the news and worry.”
Daddy was smiling that big smile, and said, “You’re leading, Sherlock.  Any dance where you lead is a ballroom dance.”
John Watson did not have much time to be introspective.  There was his work at the surgery, his traipsing about after his amazing partner, taking care of the items that their office manager brought to his attention, and raising three very bright, very active children.  That was aside from being married to said amazing partner.
One shelf of golden blonde beechwood held three works.  This was where the detective kept his memories of the Christian Bible.  He was not a believer, but John was, and therefore it was shelved on his husband’s shelf in the library.  Possibly it should have been in the room of his Mind Palace that housed causes of fanaticism.  Or historical crimes.  John had become more important.
From the street, through the glass panes of the old fashioned windows drifts the busy sound of traffic.  It is not late at night, for all that there is darkness. “Tea?” the shorter man, looking soft in an oatmeal jumper, asks his partner.
Sherlock watched as Ross nodded, and signed hopefully for a banana, then as John hauled himself to his feet and stretched before heading to the kitchen.
“You are a frightening and immense dragon, Siger.  I cannot see the amazing length of your tail, as it disappears into the cavern behind you!” his father told him, impressed but amused.
Sherlock nodded again, irritated that he was repeating his response.  “I see,” he said to change things up, before asking, “Why are you playing at being angels today?”
Because it was a given that Sherlock Holmes had deleted most works of literature unless they pertained to crime.
“It’s coming around again?” his tall detective didn’t fling himself into his usual thinking position, instead standing by John’s chair and examining the screen, “Or it’s a weaponized virus?”
“I beg your pardon, Siger.” John controlled himself.  “‘It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him,’” the man quoted.  He did know quite a few words from the book.  When the movies had been released, he’d gone back to the basics and reread
A tall, stork-like fishmonger reached an almost skeletal arm out to cries of “Jerry’s always starving, isn’t he?” and “That’s no surprise!” to pluck a cherry from the bowl.  Biting off the fruit, chewing, and swallowing, the men didn’t lean forward to watch until “Jerry” popped the stem into his mouth as well.  There were comments, and confusing predictions, and then - after an interminable amount of time, Jerry spat the stem out into his palm.  The short, flexible cherry stem had been tied into a knot.  By his tongue, Sherlock surmised.  It must have been.
was good at sharing with Siger, and with Daddy for the most part.  He did not really have to share with Miri or Ross as yet.  Uncle Lestrade shared with Uncle Mycroft, and Daddy, and with Siger, but not with
“You have deleted the majority of the fiction you were required to read in school.  And mocked my collection of thrillers.”  John was finished.
It was after they’d settled the baby and turned on the monitor, that he herded them upstairs.  “Mrs. Hudson,” he told them, swinging up her suitcase from the guest room, gesturing for John to take hold of the soothers, and flying across the hall to the master suite, “will stay in here.”
“Then we’re obviously not leaving Baker Street, are we?” Sherlock folded his hands in front of his face, “Best start planning for a siege, Captain Watson.”
Bert switched off child minding duties with Miss Alice Brown, who smiled when he told her about his date.  “I used to skate on the pond growing up.  Back when it was colder.  Wear lots of warm clothing,” she told him, “And don’t break your head.”
.  Will was still asleep.  He was visiting for the week so that Uncles Mycroft and Greg could visit Uncle Greg’s great Aunt Louise in France.
John also thought he heard Ross growl at him.  He sat back on his heels and looked at the two miscreants on the couch.  “Well,” he said in as controlled a voice as he was able,”This is what we’re going to do, yeah?  First, I’d like for your father to take a photograph of your faces.  Like we do for when he does his disguises.  Okay?”
And as for the future?  Well, he had plans to ensure his physical safety then as well.  His financial security, according to the prenuptial agreement was quite splendid.
Siger’s head nodded so hard he thought it might fall off.  To go out on an adventure!  And with Uncle Greg!  “Will Uncle Mycroft go with us?” he asked.
“I told you I deleted all knowledge of them,” Sherlock pointed out, "Not that I had ever read them to begin with.  It's difficult not to hear about them when people yammer on so."
John Watson, who had child care duty for the afternoon, addressed the long kitchen table, “Did everyone completely miss the medical workers in that speech?”
The surprised look on the face of the consulting detective did not bode well for the answer.  “Oh.  Molly promised them to me.  She had a connection with a local anthropologist. I thought it would be easier to meet on Corn Street rather than have you come all the way in to the town square.  It might have tipped the fortune-teller off.”
The two story entryway echoed with his footsteps, and the tiny sounds of the concierge behind the wooden desk. No speech. They were waiting for him, and a servitor lead him up the polished marble stairs to the rooms Mycroft Holmes most often used for business meetings outside of his office.
“Oliver,” Miranda looked over to the guard, a large, dark skinned, handsome man that she’d sketched on more than one occasion - though she wasn’t supposed to be drawing the security staff, she knew that.  “Oliver, someone stuffed something into my duffle.”
Inside the prop closet, there was a very unhappy man.  William Watts had thought that joining up with Alfie Parker would bring money and an easy life.  Rob a couple of banks with the boys, and take off to spend that loot in a quiet country town where no one was the wiser.  Then Alfie had shot the security guard and things went straight to hell.  Even if Will hadn’t fired the gun himself, that bullet had changed things.
Mycroft Holmes learned long ago to safeguard private conversations.  He was nine when his baby brother became ambulatory, as opposed to mobile.  Sherlock at two was old enough to understand many conversations, but was now also able to repeat them. That became an issue when Sherlock discovered a tiny space in their father’s large, mahogany desk, and loved to secret himself within it.
As they chatted, Siger had Uncle Mycroft write down Uncle Greg’s favorite books.  Mycroft did not remember ever reading Willard Price’s adventure stories.  Greg pointed out that they had not really aged all that well, though he was still fond of them.  Siger’s list of favorite books was long.  It included fiction, non-fiction, pictures books, a mix of titles shared by others, and read to him in three languages.
.” Siger nodded, with his pronunciation sounding very French to Mrs. Hudson.  “He was looking for something else.  Daddy says he studied kidney diseases.”
The lid to the boot unlocked and rose to admit a blinding amount of watery sunshine.  “Here.  I brought you some company,” Big Bastard told him as he dropped a limp Mrs. Hudson on top of John.  The lid slammed and left them in darkness again.
When the tall, thin boy climbed the seventeen steps to 221B, he could tell that his fathers were home.  Dad’s windcheater hung on the peg by the door, and
“Relax, John,” he heard in a puff of warm air against his ear, “This is no madder than other things we’ve done.”
The visit to the sweet shop was fairly short.   Siger entered with Sherlock, since they were obviously related.  John walked in with their daughters on his arms.  Siger, Ross, and Miri were spending more time watching the other customers walk than they were on deciding which confections they wanted to take home.  The girls, of course, addressed John as Mummy, mostly to giggle when he tried not to wince.
experiments.  Folding down the duvet, he slid his narrow feet into slippers placed exactly next to his bed and padded to the door to hold his hand next to the painted wood.  No heat.
John hung the chart back on its hook before leaning forward to brush a gentle finger along the red-faced infant’s rounded cheek.  “Hello, Sweet,” he said softly.
“Yes,” Miri finished for her, “What evidence do you have so that we can figure out why Daddy is sad?”
that John’s mother had read to him.  The actual book was downstairs, of course.  John treated it with reverence, but had not shared the work with Siger as of yet.  Sherlock had read it soon after Harry sent it to the flat.  He had wanted to get more information on John’s growth and thought processes.  There was a good deal of magic in the fiction.
“Alone.  Desolate without you. Inundated by my brother and his very loud, very opinionated doctor.  John must never enter the same room as Boris Johnson or his advisors, or your professional services will be required.” Mycroft thought that struck the right note of humor.
While John worked on that, Sherlock thought there might be time to teach Siger three-card Monte.  It was always useful to be able to spot a traditional con.
“Of course.  I’ll just fetch it, shall I?” Daddy said and disappeared through the bedroom doorway.  “It’s from Mary Watson,” Daddy said cheerfully when he came back.
Sherlock nodded in turn, then walked past the investigator, down the stairs, and out into the car that held his family.
And yet, the tight embrace, the quick kiss on his jaw from Emma when they’d “accidentally” met the well-known forensic paleontologist at the British Museum, and joined him for a quiet lunch out at Angelo’s.  Her quiet whisper of “I know it was you who set this up, Uncle Sherlock!  Mum would never have allowed it otherwise.  Thank you!”  There was a pleasure in giving.  As there was a joy in receiving thanks.
It was a good way to close the door on his work day. No thought of politics, or plague. He was washed away from all of that  chaos and distress by the warmth and enthusiasm of the children.  Soon he and Joy would be sitting down at table with his son, his brother, and his brother’s family.
Sherlock Holmes remembered all of the first kisses.  It was probable that he remembered every kiss he’d ever given or received, but a good many of them were in the delete file of his Memory Palace.
Siger was a questioner.  He asked questions about everything.  He asked about what they were eating,and why.  After all, Sherlock had explained these things to him while feeding him as a baby.  It was second nature now to want to know why it was important to eat sprouts, when Siger did not think they tasted all that good.  Or why couldn’t they have the cookies that he and Grammy Hudson had baked as a main for dinner?  Even more important, why was
Sherlock Holmes was experimenting with the ash patterns of small explosions on construction materials.  He’d gotten into a discussion with the Fire Forensics expert called in by the Met, and was now intrigued by a passing statement from the woman.  He had a limited time to engage in these experiments before John and the children returned from the church service.
Mycroft approved of the manners.  Though he had often wondered where exactly Siger had learned them.
The good doctor had prepared a completely (he was sure) unecessary shopping list for his brother-in-law’s household.  Once those things were taken care of, John Watson began to read.  He was a surgeon, a veteran of the army, and used to dealing with trauma.  Even though that included working with infections sweeping through hospitals, epidemics were not his speciality.
This got a nod from the farmer.  “Right you are, young man.  Almost gone, it is.  But still enough that I can see it.  The geese I’ve been ‘gifted’ with are white as white can be.  And they’re afraid of my old Gander, Alexander.”
“Fancy that, Siger,” Mrs. Hudson said as she set a precisely-cut ham sandwich on her kitchen table in front of him.  She hadn’t made the sandwich, or it would not have been quite so precisely made.  The sandwich made a nice presentation next to the salt and vinegar crisps and the carrot sticks that finished off their meal.
Sherlock Holmes knew pining well.  He had two years away from home.  Seven hundred and thirty seven days without John.  Or his brother, or Mrs. Hudson, or Lestrade, or Molly Hooper.
After Daddy typed on his laptop for a bit, he went and fetched the camera.  Miri was no longer crawling, she was sitting next to Ross and had traded the donkey for the purple king, who was now waving in the air.  Siger played with the
Sherlock Holmes crunched across the pavement in front of 221 B.  Black smudged the facade of what had been Speedy’s, the front window, red and white striped awning both gone.  Dimmock and his team were processing the scene.   The firetrucks had gone.  The street was wet as though there’d been a thunderstorm, not London rain.
Sherlock Holmes ran through the streets of London, hot on the trail of the next clue that would answer the burning question of Why.  Why had someone crashed a car into Speedy’s?  Surely Saint Nicholas did not have that many vehicles that he would waste one in an amateurish attempt to capture his and John’s attention.  Therefore it must be another villain.  The Krampus?  Could a Krampus drive?  They would find the answer when they arrived at the creature’s location - the British Museum.
Not long after the “Merry Christmas” blog post, a package arrived for John in the mail.  “What exactly is that supposed to be?” Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade asked the doctor as they sat down together for a pint of lager.
“‘And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night.  An angel of the Lord appeared to them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified.  But the angel said to them, ‘Do not be afraid.’”
The rest of the packed shelf contained Siger’s, Miranda’s, and Rosalind’s favorites.  Sherlock Holmes didn’t bother with
“Happy Christmas, John.”  Sherlock leaned his head forward to rest his forehead against the broad forehead of his doctor.
Well, she thought sadly, John would probably not be putting the fairy lights up this year.  He and Sherlock might even decide to stay here at Mycroft’s for the holiday.  That would be depressing.  Martha tried to imagine Sherlock’s face waking up to his brother’s household full of … well, Mycroft… at Christmas time.
Both Bert and Siger washed their hands at Mrs. Hudson’s sink, dried on the cheerful Christmas tree shaped tea towel, and made themselves ready to listen.  Mrs. Hudson washed her own hands, and then opened a pasteboard box that rattled.  Carefully she lifted out tin biscuit cutters.  There was a donkey, a camel, an angel, and a star.  “These” she told them both,” were cutters that my mother gave to me when I was about your age, Bert.  I use them every year since I came home to England.  Frank wouldn’t have me baking biscuits.  It was too hot in Florida for baking, he said.”
Miranda was making a small mewling noise from her place in the bassinet.  As Sherlock picked her up, cuddling her to his fine broadcloth shirtfront, he did have to admit it sounded much like a kitten mewing for her mother.
Mycroft had selected this time period because the shop had fewer customers generally in the early morning.  They had the full attention of the manager and the clerk.  More than they needed, and Mycroft made plain his preference for the clerk who was chattering away with Miranda.
“Yuss,” came out quickly, and Sherlock handed his two year old son down to the woman who had become a friend through the course of her pregnancies.
When the biscuits sheets were filled, the short, older woman put them in front of Siger and Bert, along with a bowl of chocolate bits, walnuts, silver balls, cinnamon hearts,  and sprinkles.  “Alright, Siger, and you too, Bert, decorate the biscuits before we put them in the oven.”
Siger would be thrilled to help with the fairy lights.  He was not so much a dab hand at untangling though.  This year setting the line of lights in the cup holder hooks from previous Christmases took a lot longer than it had before.  They outlined the doorway to the outside, Grammy Hudson’s doorway, and spiraled up the evergreen wound bannister to the second floor.  While John was hanging the lights, Sherlock showed Siger how to trade out one of the bulbs to enable the string to blink.  Siger was awed and enthralled, and nothing would do but that Daddy had to set all of the lights to blinking.
“Miri is moving,” Siger told him.  Though at this point Miri was more sitting up and patting the door with the donkey.
Bert looked out of the kitchen, where he’d been cleaning the stove.  Lunch had been messy.  “He’s been a bee all day,” Bert said.
John Watson laughed.  “Just you wait, Greg.  Soon enough you and Mycroft will have one, and then you'll see.  Siger, he meant that I have a prejudice against Arsenal.  And he’s right, isn’t he, sweet?”
It was not until much later that the doctor received an explanation.  The Rainbird Guest House suite was comfortable, and after the noisy bite to eat at the station house, they’d checked in.
John took a slurping bite of pasta.  “I called to annoy you.  So you wouldn’t forget what it was like to have me home.  I knew you wouldn’t be sleeping.”
“Of course not, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Alice Brown picked it up on her way into the office this morning.”
Siger smiled happily at his sisters and Will.  The pirate ship just happened to be his favorite toy at Uncle Mycroft’s, but he was happy that they were caught up in the adventure and not in worrying about their home at Baker Street.  He resolutely put the worry into the back of his own mind.  Currently there was nothing that he could do about their flat.  He was a child.  There were things children could accomplish, and some they could not.  Daddy and Pere would soon investigate the whole awful mess, and perhaps they would let Siger help!  This past year they’d let him do some small things.
Bert liked how Mrs. Hudson read the basic biscuit recipe out loud to Siger, before they set out the ingredients.  Measuring, and adding and mixing, the boy and the woman who was the closest he had to a grandmother put together a stiff biscuit dough before Mrs. Hudson floured up her hands and the rolling pin to roll out the dough to a quarter inch thickness on the floury counter.
John, Sherlock, Bert, and the Elf girl all snickered at the startled expression on the dubious Father Christmas’s face at Siger’s last comment.
She is long gone, I find that I miss everything about her.  The kisses, the way she fixed grapefruit for a special breakfast, the way she dressed, her strong will, and the way she loved her family.
“Yes.  Because we are not supposed to be afraid of angels.  They are God’s messengers.” Sherlock Holmes wondered if he sounded quite that professorial when he was explaining his work to the children.  Certainly Siger did not sound like John at this moment, though the boy could mimic either of them quite handily.
John Watson closed his laptop.  It was not a slam, not quite.  Digging in his duffle, he found tooth brush and powder and headed for the en suite loo.  “I expect,” John told his lover pointedly, while waving the brush in Sherlock’s direction, “that you will make this whole awful evening up to me.”  The blond-haired doctor closed the door to the loo behind him, giving his genius time to come up with a plan that would engender a somewhat better feeling.
“Is that what one wears to a dance club?” Siger gestured with his violin at John Watson, who was dressed in nice trousers, polished shoes, and a new looking button down shirt.
Letting himself in at the black painted front door of two hundred twenty one B, his first thought was that Mrs. Hudson must be having company.  While Mrs. Hudson did tend toward baking, she could whip up excellent casseroles, and the smell that filled the front hallway was of a roast, a lovely piece of savory meat.  John’s mind conjured up images of mushy peas and mash to go with it.  His stomach growled.
He did not have to come back to London.  To John, and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.  And Mycroft. To the Homeless Network.
Then there were the other mainstays who traded off with her on days spent, sketching, thinking, occasionally standing and moving a folding chair or circling the piece to wonder at a bit previously hidden from view.  The tall one was transitioning, and chose high-heels to rock back and forth as they stared until Miranda thought their eyes would dry out, then focus on the spiral bound sketch book to transfer all that they’d learned in their fanatical examination.
“It’s a good job in this season,” Big Tom told them as they stood around admiring the plump, fragrant tree.  “All the Christmas joy, you see.”
That got a laugh.  She loved her uncle’s laugh, boyish and relaxed.  “No need. You’re not under arrest.  Though they’d like to keep your sketch books to use in the investigation.  You’ll get the drawings back after the case is closed.”
“Evangelina gave us makeovers at school today,” Ross said loftily, lifting her button nose.  “The teachers didn’t seem to mind.  I don’t see why
That compliment was what made the night perfect, though dinner with her cousins and Uncle Mycroft without her parents or siblings was a treat.  She was reminded, years later in Paris, of his remarks when she opened a parcel from home on her birthday.  Inside, carefully cushioned, was a pasteboard box with a birthday card from Uncle Greg.  Inside was the facsimile of the Crown of Flowers wrapped in golden tissue paper, resting on her recently released sketch books.
The three bakers had put too much salt in the gingerbread, which was tough, and largely inedible.  The sweet memory of the two brothers and Siger working on their creations lasted many years longer than the gingerbread cottages.
The range took up all of the space beneath the house - cellar and hiding place.  The lights were sometimes bright, and sometimes dim.  Mother had said that once James was good enough with his Beretta, they would practice in the darkness with sound targets.  James wondered how that would work with his hearing protectors on.
Repeating the process at the door revealed brighter, more flickering light - definitely a fire, and the beginning of hot, dry air moving up the staircase.  Still holding his cousin, Siger closed the door and after a moment kicked the carpet up against the bottom of the doorway.  Daddy had told him not to let the girls see him be afraid in an emergency.  Daddy had said that panicking was for after the emergency was over.
The Hoodie man grunted at him, looking away, and stomped back along the aisle toward the back, swaying a bit as he went.
When Greg’s stomach allowed him to pause, he swallowed and said, “Seriously, Mycroft?  You’re not setting them up with bespoke baby clothes are you?  Because I don’t expect us to go down that road in nine months.”
closed the door quietly, and when they had walked back to the sitting room he said, “Miranda gave Lambkin to Rosalind while you were in your bath.  I think she had to look through that great pile in her bed to find him.  She made it very evident that she needed to go downstairs to her sister.”
Mrs. Hudson leaned back on a bench, eyes closed, while she rocked the pram where Miri and Ross were asleep.  They were babies, and they slept an awful lot.  Someday, Daddy told him, they would be big enough to play with him.  For now he played around them on the floor. He could build with his blocks on the backs of their rompers, and then they would move.  They were not really crawling yet.  Siger would watch to see how long it took for the towers to fall down.
“Siger,” his Père gave the little boy a look that was obviously not severe, “Where would we keep ponies in the flat?”
“Canada. Vancouver. Your expenses would be paid. Business class, of course. Just you. Not Sherlock.”
After lunch there was the expected shopping for clothing.  For all that Greg did not have the eye for fashion that Mycroft did, he had to admit that Siger looked well in the charcoal grey trousers, and the neat button up shirt - white shot with sage green stripes.
The picture that was hung on Mrs. Hudson’s refrigerator, and on Mycroft Holmes’s mantelpiece, that year was taken by Bert Tran while all of this was going on.  In it, John Watson is cradling a red-faced, tear streaked Miri, Sherlock Holmes is prying Ross’s fascinated hand away from Father Christmas’s beard before it goes back into her open mouth, and Father Christmas is leaning sideways to mitigate Ross’s grip, but he’s listening to Siger, explaining to
“Where the hell did you get it?  It’s Godawful, John.  Compared to that thing, the one that Donovan got you is a work of art,” Greg hauled his eyes away from the travesty, and sought the lovely amber of his beer in grateful relief.  He took a refreshing drink.
Seeing his father’s cocked head, Siger explained, “They lured the geese with curried cauliflower.  It must have been leftover.”  Turning to Mr. Gurdy he asked, “Do geese eat cooked vegetables?”
After the children were put to bed, Sherlock Holmes stared in frustration at his partner.  “How can you not understand these formulas, John?” he asked, “You use them when you shoot.”
James knew his mother loved shooting.  When she was upset she would come down and work through the obstacle course, and come out calmer.
There would be no one sitting next to him.  John had the entire row on this side.  Mycroft offered that as a perquisite of making this trip, and John had happily taken him up on it.  Leaning back against the dark blue of the seat and headrest, the doctor listened to the sounds around him.  Various mechanical noises, the hum of the air turning on, low chatter in this section, and until the curtains were pulled between the sections a good deal of louder speech floating forward from areas behind.
Miranda had time to think now.  They, of course, suspected her of plotting to steal the Crown of Flowers.  And why not?  Miranda could not figure why the piece was in her duffle.  She didn’t know anybody who would be stealing something like that.  Its worth was in the craftsmanship, not necessarily in the components.  Certainly the components would not cover the cost of an elaborate theft plot.
The keycard opened the lock with a thunk, and John pushed the solid wooden door open.  Grapefruit cleaning solution, his nose told him. Every room was tidy, though the space did look lived in.  It was not, however, strewn with books, toys, experiments or skulls.
Now she was carrying twins.  Or delivering them, really.  John Watson’s children, fertilized in vitro.  “Oh, this is hard work,” she gasped.
Siger waved the three envelopes, “Daddy!  Letters for me, and Miri, and Ross!  I’m goin’ to open them!”
“I can see you as a knight, Siger, in plate mail, commanding the walls during the siege!” John gave the almost seven year old a hug.
“No.  Most times he’s shouted the house down.  He does that when company comes to call.  But this time, and when they did the dying, he was quiet,,” Mr. Gurdy told them.
Oh.  John put his pail down carefully to avoid squashing either of the twins.  Siger hopped over the trough and ran to him, “Dad, do you have the assignment paper?  I need to show
“Stalking is one of the ‘twelve crimes of Christmas’”, was John’s reply as he eased back against the wall next to his partner.
Cuddles nodded.  Looking through the photographs he saw an old bird - should be easy enough, and three men.  That was good.  Cuddles didn’t like cutting up children.  These four weren’t children.
“Baby Jesus,” Ross said to Miri.  That was, in itself, unusual.  Ross could speak, and they tried to encourage her.  Miri tended to speak for her twin, and Siger had a tendency to pontificate instead of allowing his sisters to speak.  John wryly thought, “I wonder where that comes from.”
That settled, Lucy helped him to select ivory, ribbed stockings, small ivory patent leather mary jane shoes, and a navy blue wool coat for over top.  Then they took time to choose hair ribbons to match.  Mycroft found small yellow roses on several ribbons, and signed “Roses for a Rose” before showing them to Rosalind.
“This is nothing.  I arrived in a blizzard,” the driver said.  And proceeded to tell John the tale of an apocalyptic snowstorm, the Royal Mounted Police on snowmobiles, and a can of maple syrup.
“Mr. Phillips the Postman says it to Grammy Hudson,” Siger told him, even though Siger was sure that Daddy had not meant him to hear the question.
By the end of it all, John was very curious to see how it worked out.  The round mirror that Sherlock held up showed his face, but with makeup.  Somehow that was a bit of a let-down.  Especially considering the feeling of the makeup on his skin was distracting.
said that I could choose what I liked that wasn’t hideous.  Daddy said that I could pick anything I liked so long as you agreed it was alright.”
“Yes, but what do we call Rosalind for short then?  If not “Sweet’?  Because that belongs to you, doesn’t it, Siger?” John said.
told them before leaning back in his chair, with Siger cuddled on his lap, “Nothing to worry about.”  He closed his red-rimmed eyes.
He was listening to Lambkin tell the bees a tale of “days long past”, as Daddy would say, when he heard the big black front door open downstairs.  There were voices, Daddy and
“There you go, then.  Get your practice in for when our baby arrives.  Because I don’t think we’ll have much leisure time to shop for our own.”  Even though they’d already started looking through catalogs,  thinking of a day in the future when purchases would be made for their own little boy or girl.
That brought a smile.  Siger was familiar with the story of that time in their lives.  “What was your first word, Dad?” the boy asked.
When John climbed out of the car at two hundred twenty one b, Baker Street, after he thanked Declan, he took a moment to observe.
The larger of her two sketch pads met resistance, and refused to fit back into the space from which she’d drawn it.  Miranda sank back onto the camp stool to repack it and discovered the wink of gold and blood red enamel.  There was a mark from an uncapped marker sticking up from the bottom, and crumbs beneath it escaped from the wrappings of her morning bacon butty.
That brought a bitter laugh. “Human nature and their tiny little brains?  Mycroft can’t be serious.  That’s like asking a goldfish to fly.”
“Yes, that is true.  You, Rosalind, and you, Miranda, will also have deeper voices, but probably not as deep as Siger’s.  You’ll have rounder faces, longer upper arms, and some, but not as much, body hair.”  Sherlock was beginning to look a bit startled at the direction the lesson was taking.
John and Sherlock get a bit of action.  No, sadly, not that kind of action.  More the running about after criminals kind.
A row of poetry books, entirely in French, showed up to the left.  This was the library of children’s works.  His forensics collection and other adult books were housed in a much larger facility.
Finding a nook out of the way of traffic John put the grocery sacks down, and gathered his children into his arms.  “Do you your best to learn the skill, but be very careful of using it for the wrong reason.”
“No, Sweet,” his father leaned over to give full attention, “Let me know what you would like to try, and we’ll see if you like it.”
“Not quite.  They’re big enough to support your weight.  And then you use them to glide over ice.  The rink is big, like a football field, but ice instead of grass,” Bert thought he had gotten it accurately enough.
Please consider supporting those agencies in your community.  It's not the animals' faults that they end up dropped off, thrown out, or - worse - disposed of when people grow tired of them.                Also... Redbeard is deliberately not mentioned.   Later story for that.
Mycroft was reading him. A flick of the eye as he took in body language, John’s tone of voice, his phrasing. “You know that she is alive. Sherlock must have told you. We would like you to speak to her. As our agent. Find out names, and any more information that you can obtain about Moriarty’s supposed successors.”
There was much made of attempting to get the sharpest and best picture before the curly-haired man was satisfied.  It made this all seem more normal, somehow.  Sitting down with John’s laptop, their father waved the children off to the bath for John to remove the makeup as best as he was able.
“Daddy’s got a bee in his bonnet, doesn’t he?” Greg gave Siger a wink before carrying his tribute into the kitchen.
“Siger,” said the surrogate, “If you sit with me, you can hold one of the babies.  Would you like that?”
The broom closet now held two gallon jugs of bleach, and a moderate amount of cleaning supplies.  The medical kit under the bathroom sink was re-stocked – that was nothing unnatural.  John was always updating and ensuring that supplies were available for unexpected health situations.
Pere had saved Siger’s Real Violin.  The first thing Siger did when getting up was to open the case and ensure that the Real Violin was unharmed as it rested in the velvet lining of the case.  His stuffy, Violin, was all well and good, but Siger was a big boy now, and could play real music on the Real Violin.  Maybe later today he’d practice, if it was alright with Anna.
“Daddy can do maths,” Siger said sternly, “He just needs to work some of it through carefully.  Pere says he is very good with titration.”
Siger walked with his hand in John’s, singing softly.  It was a melody of his own devising, that included lyrics made up of “rain” and “sky” and “cold”, “Watson” and Holmes”.
Siger nodded, engrossed in moving Lego Pirates stealthily in search of adventure within the environs of his imaginative world.
“Too late for that, isn’t it?” John nodded toward Sherlock’s bare hands, now marked with the fair base.
Anna would be awake as well.  His family was in good hands.  And safe.  Safer than he and Gregory.  Mycroft had concerns about the French side of the family and their obsession with the late Luisa Lestrade’s estate.  Fortunately, Gregory - and his sister, Dolores - had Mycroft Holmes to watch out for them.  And Mycroft’s security detail to do the footwork necessary to keep them all alive and able to inherit their just due.
He took the blond man, a doctor as he found out, from his surgery when the rest of the staff were out for lunch.  The mobile phone was left where it was dropped.  He might have stepped on it.  Accidental like.  The Doc was a handful.  More of a scrapper than he’d expected.  Cuddles could admire a man with a gift for language like the Doc had.  Pure and simple, he was a genius with the vile words that Cuddles could hear from the boot of his car.  He’d taped wrists and legs each together, but was enjoying listening to the flow.  He didn’t get much conversation these days.  Nobody could hear the Doc in the boot except for Cuddles, anyway.  So no tape over the mouth.  Cuddles sat a moment to work through the aches and pains from the solid blows he’d taken.  Scrapper the Doc might be, but Cuddles knew a thing or two about fighting.
Father’s hair, short and vibrant red, had dictated every wardrobe choice.  Sherlock had never seen his father slick those red locks back as so many other men of their acquaintance did.  Father did his own hair.  Short and sweet, brushed and done.
The backpack and suitcase stood next to a sturdy wooden bunk bed.   Siger’s violin case lay upon a heavy maple dresser near the door. “Let’s get this little one to bed, shall we?” Sherlock led the way, trailed by John and Mrs. Hudson.
Siger blinked at his father.  Then he handed both Miri’s and his cards up for John to put on the shelf with Ross’s card.
He didn’t hear from Moran for five years.  Which surprised him at the time, since all the news said that Tiger was three years dead.  Dead men don’t send messages.  Especially not inside a packet of his goods, forwarded from his old digs when they got demolished.    Cuddles had gotten a job to supplement the funds in the account.  Butchering beeves and hogs was not as fun as his work for Jim Moriarty, but it was a task he had some skill with..  Evenings were spent in the local library, keeping up on his real craft.  The tatty cardboard box of clothes and bits and pieces held a sealed note reading, “Take care of those targets.  Make it messy.  Tiger.”  No date.  But then, Cuddles did not need a date.  Just instructions.
The sitting room lights were low when he got downstairs, and the room was twinkling with the fairy lights John had hung two weeks gone by.  A fire was burning cheerfully in the grate to add to the atmosphere, and there were tumblers of amber liquid waiting on the coffee table.  Sherlock was setting the stereo on - instrumental and orchestral for background.
“Sherlock, they’re both well within the limits for their age.  They’re proceeding differently because they’re different people.  With separate experiences from Siger,” John had spent his own time considering Ross’s behavior.  He’d spoken to the pediatrician about it, and had planned for what points to bring up with his partner.  “Ross is always watching.  Siger, you, me, everyone who comes into the flat.  Ross watches them.  She’s alert.  And we know that she talks to Miranda.   Well, makes sounds at Miranda when they’re in bed at night, or first thing in the morning.  We hear that through the monitor.”
Sherlock held out his hand expectantly, but Alice Brown still refused to ferret out his mobile from the pocket of the lab coat John had bought him for his birthday.  Sighing heavily he reached into his own pocket and checked to see Mycroft’s lack of address on the mobile screen.
The first gets up, setting his laptop carefully aside.  He’s been working on a blog entry of their case from two weeks ago.  With the ease of long practice, he tips the switch in the kitchen, and fills the kettle from the tap without looking.  He is working his way through a phrase that is not quite right, not quite descriptive enough of what he’s trying to say.
“I think we have it well covered.  There’s a spot of Siger to hang his ornament, and space for him to help his sisters with theirs,” Sherlock mused as he picked up the star that would sit on top this year.
John had  been nodding wearily, giggled at the last sentence.  Sherlock went on, speaking directly to his daughter, ‘You’ll like that won’t you, Rosalind Love?  You get to sleep with Daddy tonight!  And drink medicine and hot tea, just like Daddy.”
Tony Cavallo Moran didn’t know the name of the servant.  It didn’t matter, as they were interchangeable and easily replaced.  “Well, Seb, looks like we’ll have to stop there, doesn’t it?” He gave his wife a tight smile, flapping the tablet cover closed.  The cold look he received from his  darling helpmeet was par for the course, and upset him not one bit.  His position was secure.  For now.
John chuckled briefly before another gunshot went off across the hall.  “No,” he said, still laughing, “You text me.  Without telling me where to send the police.”
“Fine.  Go on then,” John leaned back and closed his eyes to listen to whatever his partner came up with.
“December 1st, the beginning of Advent, which is the celebration of the coming of the Christ,” John Watson read out loud from the bulletin to his three children, wriggling about on the solid, polished wooden pew.
With a top heavy sigh, Miranda spoke sadly, her little voice a shade deeper tone than her sister’s, “
Kisses were exchanged, the monitor turned on, and the lights turned off.  “Happy Christmas,” the parents said again, though one of them hated repeating himself, “Good night, Siger.”
Mycroft rather congratulated himself on disguising his disgust.  Until Rosalind solemnly handed him a dress in a horrid red, black, and green Christmas tartan, then giggled - much like her father, John Watson, when he thought it was just himself and Sherlock.
Sherlock waved the hand that did not hold the mobile, “I’m classifying house paint specks, Mycroft.  Unless you’ve got a fanatical rooms designer on the loose, then no.”
had lifted the heavy wooden tray onto the bed loaded with small sandwiches, toast, jelly, and teapot under the chicken cozy that Auntie Harry had made.
“I really do not want either of us trying to sleep in a space where Mycroft and Lestrade engage in conjugal anything, Mrs. Hudson.  Take the posh bed.”  And sliding her suitcase onto an antique blanket chest, he dragged John and their own suitcase out of the room.
returned, but Siger had saved the knots for his father.  “Thank you, Siger,” the detective told his son, before explaining that these were simple square knots.  Siger’s
I have pictures of myself on skates at 18 months.  I haven't been skating in years, and never really did get good at it.  But it is like flying.  Eventually.  When you stop holding on to the side of the rink.
Sherlock Holmes, his head bent over the microscope on the kitchen table, did not answer.  It might be that he was deep in concentration.  However, John had seen the slight twitch the consulting detective had given.  Even John could not miss it.  Siger had seen it as well.
John had suffered.  Nightmares, flashbacks.  Post Traumatic Stress Disorder is a very real thing, and even though Mycroft was clever, he knew sod all about how it worked.  Like concussion, like so many things, PTSD is cumulative.  Once you have it, the damage is compounded by fresh scars introduced on top of it.  John Watson was perfectly able to miss the excitement, the action, the purpose of serving in the army during a time of war, while being damaged by it as well.
always told him to observe.  It was fun, sometimes, to watch them when they didn’t know he was looking.  A song was playing over speakers.  Daddy was sitting in his big, soft chair laughing up at
It was a good meal, savory chicken stew with plenty of each person’s favorite vegetables - parsnips, turnips, potatoes, and carrots.  When they finished eating and went to wash up, Sherlock told them, “Everyone into the sitting room, please.  We will clear up later.”  He had gotten better with ‘please’ and ‘thank you’ since the arrival of the children.  “We are going to have a demonstration,” he announced.
Which is why Greg usually found himself watching Mycroft instead of the movie when they viewed the Muppet version of the tale.  Because, while they were ostensibly sharing it with Siger (and Miranda and Rosalind, but they had fallen asleep long ago), Mycroft was laughing with his nephew at the puns, and all around silly stuff.
Joy nodded in agreement.  “I will ask Daddy later,” she said as she printed out ‘bell end’ carefully.
“Give me a hand with these, would you please, Siger?  Let’s go up and see what your father has to say,” John held out an arm’s worth of bags.
tended toward distraction as a tool.  He would stand flashy and interesting looking books on top of the bookshelf - generally on subjects that he wanted to read about, or wanted Siger to learn.  This worked on occasion, especially when something had occurred around Siger during the day that touched on the subject. When it did not work, Siger would pat his father on the knee and consolingly say, “We can read that tomorrow morning,
“Miri?” Siger sat up too, “Where is Lambkin?”  Lambkin had been Siger’s stuffed sheep.  But Miri hoarded all of the plush toys she could get her hands on.  The only reason that she hadn’t confiscated Siger’s violin was that he took very good care that it was out of her reach.
I'm fond of A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens.  If you have not read it, and given free rein to your imagination on what happens to the main character in the story, please find time to do so.
“Kidnapped.  His transponder went off ten minutes ago.  Mr. Holmes’s men found the surgery empty, and signs of a struggle.”  Even after a year or so, Alice Brown was not used to reporting horrible crimes to her employer.  She was employed by a consultancy firm that specialized in crimes, yes.  But she was still just an office manager.  With a transponder of her own.  “Just in case,” John had said to reassure her.  It had not.
Mycroft elected Miranda as the more pliable of the toddlers, and so would serve as the test case.  He really did not do ‘leg work’, and so arriving at a boutique - ushering the tiny blonde into the shop, had its own issues.  Car seat notwithstanding, Miranda had been mobile, and quite talkative all morning.  Yet, when Mycroft held the steel and glass door for her politely, Miri grabbed his trousered leg and hid her face in it, causing a blockage in traffic.
Sherlock Holmes found John’s army “buddies” largely tedious.  He was polite.  Well, he was as polite as he needed to be without becoming effusive enough to tip John off.  They were “enjoying a pint” at a pub as far away in London as one could get from Baker Street.  Not that Sherlock didn’t know this pub.  The denizens of the pub would not have recognized him, dressed in his aubergine button down and tailored trousers and jacket.  He’d never brought John here.
“So?” John raised a sand-colored illusory eyebrow at his partner.  “Siger’s waiting.  What are you going to tell him?”
John turned to face his spouse and said quietly, “Siger asked if someone is trying to hurt us again.”
“Alright!” John picked up the pencil and wrote on the list.  Then he asked off-handedly, “Is there anything you would like, Siger?”
Hysterical laughter would about do it, he thought.  That and “What must those children’s mothers look like?”  He hadn’t realized he’d said it out loud until he heard Sherlock give his bark of an angry laugh.  More tears leaked out of Miri’s eyes and dribbled down over her cheek.
“Point taken.  The murder victim was disposed of by roasting and then being distributed into a variety of skips around London.  Possibly eaten by vermin, dogs, cats, and the homeless before the method of disposal was discovered and the rest of the body parts were tracked down, discovered, and impounded by NSY.” The clinical recitation was helping, actually.
Over the monitor John heard his spouse snicker.  Then, “What did you learn from the way that Daddy behaved tonight?”
“Mr. Gurdy, you said that some of the boys pranked you a while back.  Dyed the feathers pink?  Do you know who did that?” Siger asked the farmer earnestly.
“I believe your Auntie Harry’s was ‘bah’!  She had a stuffed lamb that she was fond of.” John hadn’t thought of that in years.
“Yes, Siger,” John told him, “They were from the church.  They send out the same card to each child who is a member.”
“Nonsense,” Sherlock uttered in the most condemnatory of tones, “We can order it all online, and have them deliver it.  Not worth the bother of traveling about and carrying dirt back in quantity.  At least not that dirt.  They’ll have it all bagged and treated from all of the same source.”
Hello, sorry for the delay. I didn't write much during the Covid19 shutdown.  Getting back into that.
“Sheep,” Siger explained to his sisters.  They were both secured in the double stroller, while Siger, who was of course the older brother, was free to walk.  This usually worked until it was time to go home, and then Siger wanted to be held.  Sometimes there were problems with being a big boy.
One last always made Miranda think of a disguise.  A quality one, to be sure.  But still something was not quite right about the ash blonde hair, about the custom makeup that she wore, about her steady stillness as she focused intently upon the piece.  After three months, though, one gets used to even the falsities.  Though speaking of falsities, the breast reduction she’d obviously gone through was still making her sit stiff and hampering her finer movements.
.  There were no complaints from Siger, who pulled his plushy violin close when John tucked him in.  Miri and Ross were already asleep and snoring gently as John checked the nursery monitor, flipped the light switch, and closed the nursery door gently.
“I find,” Sherlock said dryly, “That my taste for that sort of adventure is overwhelmed by the need to provide safety for our offspring.  For that matter, for Greg and Mycroft’s as well. I didn’t go to all that trouble to keep Guillaume alive to have him taken from us by a germ.”
Closing the door on the darkened room, John reached for Sherlock.  They were not prone to public displays of affection.  Not between the two of them, in any case.  “I don’t know what I would do without them, Sherlock,” he whispered.
Sherlock peered around the doorway quietly, watching Siger pretending to be an angel.  There was no knowing where he’d gotten his idea of what an angel looked like, or wore.  One of Miri’s loose and baggy play dresses, white and gold, had been pulled tight over the boy’s larger torso.  A circlet of twisted gold stars rested on the long, red curls that tumbled over Siger’s brow.
The detective growled.   John hurried to say, “Ross, we’ll make sure you get to talk to Uncle Mycroft.  Especially now that we’ll put the Baby monitors away.”
With the two girls in the trolley, not to mention the groceries, John hauled it and his children away from the woman with some difficulty, and went to find the store management at the front.  Ross and Miri watched behind their father with eyes as big and round as saucers as the woman followed John down the aisle. “You coward.  Running away from a woman, are you?  You and your little bastards?  You rich arse.  You leave my kid alone!”
“And yet,” Sherlock smiled at his doctor and blogger, “You always manage to arrive in time, like a knight in shining armour, don’t you?”
After dinner, nothing was said. Sherlock continued to read to Siger. Ross was lolling on her stomach on Harry’s much used afghan.
Siger loved that idea.  Even Ross put her seal of approval, “Yes!”  Then she said, “But I still want to talk to Uncle Mycroft.”
The chocolate, when they finally made it down to the kitchen, was marvelous.  The children were half asleep as they struggled to finish mugs decorated with sprightly Christmas scenes.  Thanking Anna for her care, John finished his own mug before their gathering of hostages to fortune and escorting them to bed.
was in his chair, fingers steepled in front of his face, and clearly away visiting his mind palace.  Siger realized that he’d not seen
, who was in discussion with a short, dark man with a cloth on top of his head.  The cloth was striped, and held on with a tie knotted in a circle, and the man kept shifting it.   The striped robe he wore did not match the cloth on his head.  Siger could tell that the man did not feel comfortable in those clothes.  He pulled at the neck, revealing the navy polo underneath.  Denim trousers peeked from under as well. Sturdy books shuffled in the straw strewn ground.
Their voices settled into that comfortable rumble that told Siger that they were home, and downstairs, and that he was ready for sleeping.  And so he did.
Tea that day was food from Sherlock’s second favorite Thai restaurant, which delivered.  And Mycroft and Greg took one of the cottages home to sit on their mantelpiece next to a photograph of Mir’s and Ross’s first Father Christmas.
feelings.  An’ then we won’t have a photograph for Grammy Hudson’s refrigerator, or Uncle Mycroft’s mantle piece.”
Clever, but too small to be a problem for long.  Cuddles rolled, and climbed athwart the smaller man, stripping the belt from the Doc’s hands and tossing it to the side as he cuffed the bloke up the side of the head.  He noted with satisfaction that the blond haired head bounced against the remains of the car park base.  Come to think of it, the doctor’s idea was a good one, and he stretched to reach the thrown belt with the idea of strangling him into unconsciousness.
In my old "clubbing days", tying your cherry stem in a knot meant you were getting "lucky".  It isn't the easiest thing in the world to do.
Behind the main pack, Greg Lestrade leaned, heedless of the measure of damage he was doing, against the three-piece navy blue suit clad Mycroft, wiping at his eyes.  The Detective Inspector’s face was red with laughter, the joy lines crinkling at the corners of his sparkling eyes.  Mycroft’s own face showed a curious blankness.  It would hide his fear of contamination by the oncoming cloud from all eyes but those of his younger brother.  It was inevitable.  His bespoke suit would soon be covered in unsightly dots of flour.  The black cloth of his ubiquitous umbrella twitched in his cold, pale hand.
and Mrs. Hudson were giving the babies their bottles, Daddy struck a match and lit the first candle, one of the purple ones, that was across from the pink.  “Purple,” he said, “For repentance, not for royalty as I thought.”
John’s partner stood beside him.  Sherlock Holmes, tall, slender, fashionably dressed in what had been a black suit with an aubergine broadcloth shirt, sported a face of absolute innocence.
Sherlock’s focus on John vanished, and John knew the man was in his Mind Palace. There was time for John to give a sigh, hoist himself out of the chair, and fix two mugs of tea - one milky, one disgustingly sweet.
That got a reaction from Mr. Gurdy.  “They do.  Of course they do.  Two of the boys work in their dad’s restaurant in the evenings.  Indian Palace it’s called.”
snorted before saying, “For the type of dance club that we will be looking into, your father is dressed perfectly ordinarily.”
At the skeptical looks from his offspring the man clarified, “Basic makeup is to cover flaws.  To make an older woman or man look younger.  To cover a scar or a melanistic mark.  To broaden a thin face, or thin a broad face.  To gracefully curve eyebrows that might be straight and heavy.  Notice how your father’s blond eyebrows are slightly darker than his hair?”
Siger Hamish Holmes was explaining to his sisters, Rosalind and Miranda, about what they were going to see that day at the Santa’s Grotto.  “Now, do not be afraid, Ross Love, and Miri Cat, because we are going to a special place today!”
Daddy washed the set before Siger, Miri and Ross played with it on the sitting room carpet.   Which Ross did by putting the purple king into her mouth and gumming at him.  Miri waved the donkey about in the air.  Siger set the scene up as correctly as he could minus one donkey and one king. Then he had Joseph and Mary welcome the two kings, the cow, and the sheep to their home to see the baby, Jesus.
“Is it that we gave Siger so much more attention?” Sherlock Holmes asked tensely.  “Do you think Miranda and Rosalind are getting shorted in enrichment?”
Moving to sit in an antique rocking chair that he knew was actually resting in Mycroft’s over decorated house, the consulting detective drew long fingers along the brightly painted ridgeline of his pirate ship dolls’ house.  So.  Siger was looking for self autonomy.  How should they handle this first intentional foray into providing for loved ones.  It was, he thought uncertainly, to be encouraged.
“Fancy that.”  Mrs. Hudson smiled as she said it.  Dear Siger was so much like his father.  Less brusque, though Sherlock had become a little less stroppy with others since the children had become part of his life.  Of course, that process had started with John.  “Sounds French,” she prompted.
was pulling Daddy from his chair, and using his odd dialect was telling him to “keep up, Johnny” as he danced Daddy around the clear part of the sitting room in time to his song.  So silly.
Siger complied.  John watched his daughters looking at their own faces, compared the freshness and beauty to what little Evangelina had made of them.  They examined their father’s makeup work on their Daddy.  To John it felt as though he had paste encrusted on his face.
Sitting in this darkened venue, the odor of sweat and stale lager and fried onions drifted past them each time the front door opened and pushed the air back into the main room.  Ordinarily Sherlock enjoyed all aspects of such establishments; being able to dissect patrons, and practicing in character.  Tonight John’s attention was focused on his comrades returned from Afghanistan.  They’d already drunk to the departed.
Mr. Phillips, the postman, appeared at the same time every day.  He was a widower who was perfectly happy to flirt with Mrs. Hudson when she was home.   Today the door was opened before Mr. Phillips could slip the packet of mail through the slot, and a bright face beamed up at him from the threshold.  “Hello, Mister Phillips!”  Siger shouted.
was also singing about reindeer, “Coming home from our house Christmas Eve,” in an accent that Siger had not heard before.  It was English, but not from London -
“Why do you think I’m going? I have responsibilities here. There’s Siger, and Miranda and Ross. There’s the business. My shifts at the surgery.” Even as he spoke, John knew his partner was reading the words through whatever filter existed in the Mind Palace, adding that information to observations garnered from stance, tone of voice, twinges and muscular spasms and tics in his too often open face. John could tell when the assessment was finished.
Sherlock went to the rescue at Siger’s stricken look.  “Siger has not gone through puberty yet.  When he grows up, he will have body and facial hair, and a heavier skull.  And a larger larynx.  Males and females at nine and younger have predominantly the same skeletal structure.  That is why we can not differentiate genders by skeletons of children who are prepubescent.”
“Royal Jelly, Daddy,” Siger said seriously and offered it to his father.  There did seem to be a royal crest on the label.
With a tilt of that dark curled head, his partner replied, “Possibly,” then lapsed back into silence.
“God knows,” Siger said in a tone that sounded suspiciously like his consulting detective father, and then at a meaning look from his doctor father, “Sorry, Daddy.  I mean, I don’t know.  I think it was some girls in their classes.”
John Watson came up from signing paperwork with Alice Brown in the office to hear his atheist -- or at least agnostic -- spouse reading over the nursery monitor.  While he loved that verse, he loved even more the voice reading it aloud.  Smiling, he ran lightly up the stairs, no limp at all, to join his family.
“Which is why,” John redirected, “Your father is going to show you how to make me look more feminine.  Because I don’t.  Look like a lady.”
Sherlock leaned against the wall at the entrance to the room, taking note of the quiet.  John spoke again: “Well, what did you think of that one, Ross Love?”
Siger took a long drink of milk before eating a crisp.  He had a pattern.  Milk did not taste particularly well after a flavoured crisp, and so it was ingested after a bite of the ham sandwich, then came a crisp, then ham sandwich again.
“Yes, this is my baby brother, Ben,” was said with a grin. “For all that he’s not a baby anymore.  A right good little detective you are, aren’t you?”
“Mine was ‘Uh oh!’” the still mostly blond man gave up on the spot and sat back on his heels.  “I got into things.”
Sherlock Holmes had also - in a generous and foolish (in his opinion) whirlwind of activity - been down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat, and Bert’s room to set them up with tea, dry toast, and fresh linens on their beds.  Hauling sheets, pillowcases, and duvet covers to the washing machine, Sherlock caught sight of himself, arms full of cotton and percale, in the full length mirror behind the laundry door.  Ghastly.  Hair standing on end, navy blue button-down spotted all over with who knew what - that was the first thought before his brain ticked on and started identifying each substance, and he’d one of Siger’s rubber bees in his back pocket to sterilize before returning the toy to his son.
Miri raised a tear ridden face, with streams of the heavy mascara running down her sweet unlined face, though the dark pink rouge.  The only real difference from her sister was that Miri’s lovely, perfectly curving blonde eyebrows had been thinly penciled in to give her a startled look.  John Watson bit the inside of his cheek and breathed through his nose for a few moments to calm himself down.
“I expect,” Greg echoed Mycroft, “That John will think that Sherlock’s got the height of fashion sense.”
"Here is Livy’s “Lives of the Saints”, though I hardly think you’ll have time to finish reading this copy before your arraignment, as it’s due long before then.  Since it’s an interlibrary loan, we won’t be able to renew it.”
“You’re what?  Going to wait and speak to the adjuster?  Alright.  No, I have no idea how they got called in so quickly.”  John began to laugh.  “Yes, it must have been the Holmes magic.
Clothing went into a suitcase from under Siger’s bed.  The man worked efficiently and without thinking of what might have happened to the children if the fire had moved faster and further, and the children had not been drilled in how to use the ladder.
“Daddy!” Siger’s eyes -- so much like his biological father’s, shifting from green to gray against the red of the dyed cotton -- widened. “I am a dragon.  I am not funny, I am terrifying!”
John could hear a loud buzzing from the other end of hte mobile conversation.  Then the sergeant’s response.  “Oh.  Are you sure, sir?  Short fellow.  Yes, he looks like his ID.  Older.  No.  No, he doesn’t have a weapon.  No.  No graffiti or vandalism in the area.  We just heard him from down the road.  No.  Just standing in the dark.”
John gave a grumbling laugh while fighting his way out of the binding sheets.  Three small, distinct taps sounded at the wood of the bedroom door.  “Come in, Siger,” Sherlock called from where he was reclining and watching his husband with a grin.
Greg Lestrade looked at that pale skin, the long nose, the twinkling eyes.  He knew that Mycroft often despaired of finding bits of brightness to complement his wardrobe without fighting with his auburn hair.  “It works,” he said entirely truthfully.
Joy perched on the bottom step, writing the words in her notebook.  “How do I spell ‘munting’?” she asked her cousin, Siger, who was stretched out across the step above her. Her brother, Will, and the other cousins had continued outside to explore "the pond in winter" with Uncle Lock.
John turned a disgruntled face toward her retreating figure.  “I have a list,” he said to the air at large.  That had not sounded too plaintive, had it?
Miri and Ross were perfectly happy flying the rubber bees around the sofa and under John’s chair.  Siger, meanwhile, had built a monument larger than he was tall, and was still receiving items from his father, which he then incorporated into the massive structure.  Looking closer - “Observing,” John thought dryly - there were a number of non-toy pieces involved.
“Nah,” Cuddles raised his head in spite of the attempt at  medical care and looked up at the detective. He wasn’t disputing the death. He said it proudly, ‘I’m Jim Moriarty’s man.”
Miri looked over at them and gurgled, waving the donkey.  Then, rolling onto her stomach, she proceeded to inch worm her way back down the hallway toward them.
With a wary look, John wanted to know, “What are you going to do with the fourth one? The roasted one?”
His Daddy stopped to give him a look.  “Look for them, Siger. You know where they’re supposed to be.”
It was a sunny day outside, if brisk, and he’d only gone out to pick up a litre or two of milk and some basics.  Even the chip and pin machine had cooperated.  No kidnappings.  A successful shopping trip!  All had changed when John Watson returned home.
The solid sound of footsteps climbing the carpeted center of the wooden staircase caused the pair to stop and listen.  There was the sound of Miranda and Rosalind’s soft sleeping breathing from the cribs against the other wall. The hint of traffic bled through the glass of the closed window.  The comfortable form of John Watson appeared at the doorway.  “All right, then?” he asked the pair quietly.
The blazer did look good with the whole outfit, Greg had to admit.  The colours went well with Siger’s complection and the bright copper curls of his hair.
Some day James would learn to use his mother’s L118A1.  She didn’t shoot it much in the range.  “There’s not enough room, James.  It is for accuracy at a distance, and there’s not much of that here in the basement.”
So Angelo’s it was.  Dinner *and* dessert, for “It’s not every day that your son catches two lawbreakers!” John told his children.  And Angelo even put their groceries into his refrigerator after hearing Siger’s description of their adventure.
James examined his face in the mirror above the lav sink.  “I don’t look like Mother,” he said, uncertain.  Mother had blonde hair, wavy, carefully styled, where his was black and straight. When he woke up in the morning it would stick straight up.  He liked to pull his bangs down over the high forehead, but Mother had instructed him to leave the hair pushed back.  James hated that big forehead, or had until Siger told him it looked smart.  Prossie had agreed.  Prossie’s real name was Proserpine, which was pronounced “per-seff-oh-nee”, but she let James and Siger call her Prossie instead.  She hadn’t liked Persie.
“Fascinating,” muttered the taller, dark haired man, who was dressed fashionably in a suit.  His suit jacket draped over the ubiquitous oxygen tank, he wore a vibrant blue button down shirt, the sleeves rolled up in concession to the occasion.
Mycroft made a wry face at his husband, then returned to viewing the film with Siger.  He watched the rest of the movie with a happy smile that Greg did not think came from enjoying the puns.
This year Siger's marzipan ornament was a musical note.  "A quarternote, Daddy!" he called, dancing about the room in flannel pjs with the ornament dangling from his fingers.
“Don’t drool, John,” his flatmate told him absently as he typed notes into his mobile one-handed, “It isn’t warranted.”
“Why haven’t you put your shoes on?” John Watson asked as he put in an extra emergency teething ring - they had not needed one yet for the girls, but you never knew when that might start.  Also, Sherlock had insisted.  Sherlock insisted on a lot of things for the babies that John did not believe they needed.  But if they had packed one for Siger, they were packing them for Ross and Miri.
“Practice, brother mine,” Mycroft raised an eyebrow.   Turning to John he said, “I came to offer the use of the family house in Scotland.  I will be relocating there with the children, and thought that homeschooling would be more enjoyable with Siger, Miranda, and Rosalind as well.”
Mr. Phillips condolences were audible, if muffled.  Then a packet, square, wrapped in brown paper, slipped through the slot.  Siger shouted “Thank you!” again, picked up the packet, and turned to climb the stairs.  “Look,
“How many geese, sir,” came from the doorway, where Siger had joined us.  He was usually upstairs at this time of day, this day of the week, reading.  He didn’t get much time for that once his sisters got home from school after their soccer group.  Bert was there, keeping an eye out.  Even though he’d started with a surgery, he still babysat from time to time.  John was grateful, and for the children the idea that Bert might not always be there was unthinkable.
John and Sherlock exchanged looks.  Sherlock spoke slowly.  “It would seem that we are going to Scotland.”
All was going well until Siger finally succumbed to the flu, and threw up all of his tea into the plastic bin that
They were all seated against the wall, legs across Siger’s big boy bed.  Daddy was holding Ross and Miri, who were watching
“And your Daddy told me, ‘It's where two people who like each other go out and have fun.’” Sherlock told the small boy tucked into the bed.
“Well, I do calculations, and determine what your ratio is, yes.  Then I can compare that to the sharpshooters that Lestrade and Mycroft can obtain for me through their agencies.  Time well spent, and it has the bonus of being something that Mycroft and his spouse won’t fuss about,” the detective, still slender after all these years, pretended to shoot his finger at the stairwell wall.
The boy eased himself around to a comfortable position on the pillow - his head hurt, but also the top of his head, his scalp, hurt too.  He was tired.  Closing his eyes he listened to the sounds of the room.
“Siger!  Come down!” That was Miri.  She didn’t sound captured.  She hadn’t said the code word, so she and Ross were safe.    That was good.  Siger hated being kidnapped.
Siger scrambled over to where Ross was sitting and trying to fit her chubby little fist into her mouth.  “Ross!” Siger said excitedly, “Here is a card for you!”  He made as much of a mess of that envelope as with his own.
Smooth as digital, three adults moved in to separate the squalling mob.  Calming, cleanup, and tea came next, followed by a walk down the block (minus Bert, who was invited, but had a date) to work off an excess of energy before bedtime.
Greg had never expected to laugh quite so much in his relationships with any of the Holmes family.  After the advent of Siger and his siblings into their lives, yes he had been open to the idea, but wary.  Dating Mycroft had given Greg an insight into the man’s dry sense of the absurd.  That shared humour often made him laugh, as he was chuckling now.
Which meant that the odor of roast meat was coming from their flat upstairs. Feeling a little less tired, John followed the scent, jogging up the seventeen steps to their landing, and into the open door of the flat.  “Sherlock?” he called as he stepped into the kitchen.  He need not have.  Of course Sherlock was there, lab coat over his tee shirt and pajama bottoms, every which way curls separated by a pair of clear Plexiglas goggles perched atop his head as he peered into the eyepiece of his microscope.
“Daddy calls you ‘Sweet’ because he loves you, Siger,” Sherlock put in.  “It is an endearment, a term of affection.  A word to show he loves you.  What word should he use for Rosalind?”
John Watson was, by and large, a patient man.  He was very good at being active.  He was not someone who could sit out and wait for others to do a job of work.  Finally clearing his throat loudly, he announced, “I had thought we could go to the garden centre and speak to them about what would work best.”
Not everyone is incompetent, as the shop manager proved.  Confronting the blustering female, the manager signaled a clerk at the door to stop the fleeing boy.  A few minutes into the row a box of razors slipped down and out of the nasty (and that was the cleaned up version of John’s thoughts) woman’s trouser leg.  The tumult drifted away, as John dragged the trolley and his children over to begin his regular battle with the chip and pin machine.
“Oh.  You’re already there.  Yes. It does look terrible. No, it wasn’t one of Sherlock’s experiments.
Siger looked up.  “You read the Christmas story to us every year.  Sometimes more than once,” the boy asserted.  “And ‘Dulce Domum.’”
He’d experimented.  Of course he had.  Daniel and Emma when they were young had received familial kisses from their “Uncle Sherlock” generally when no one else was looking.  It was not the same.  He had tested Joy, Mycroft’s biological offspring, and Will, who was Lestrade’s, and verified the difference between kissing his own children, and those of others.  Even those who were technically his own genetic progeny, as Daniel and Emma were.  There was not the closeness, the tightness in his emotional centers.  Not quite the same sentiment.
The edges of the bolt cutter must have been sharp, as there was practically no noise from them shearing through the padlock.  The jangle of chain came through, and then the  doors opened and the greyish light of evening flooded through.
Siger nodded sharply, causing the golden circlet to slide down over his forehead.  “Yes! Fear not! But you must go!”
“Of course,” John said.  He stood back and admired their work.  “Do you see any bald spots?” he asked.
was lying on the sofa, hands steepled in front of his face.  “The girls aren’t home yet?” he threw toward the father he most resembled physically - on the chance that he was not yet immersed in his Mind Palace.  No answer came, and so Siger dropped his gear on the kitchen table and went off to find his dad.
“I would like to think about it, Daddy,” Siger decided, before going back to his song.  Which now contained the additional words “pony” and “Uncle Mycroft’s house.”
It had not been Sherlock’s first ever sexual kiss.  Correct classifications.  First of sexually satisfying kisses.  First actually desired kiss.  First kiss with John Watson.  John’s quick intake of breath.  The scent of a male body, freshly showered, and yet still scented of John Watson under the perfume from his body wash and shampoo.  The warmth and softness of John’s greying blond hair sifting through Sherlock’s fingers as he leaned forward and down to press their lips together.  The taste of mint from John’s nervous tooth brushing before making his declaration.  Such a simple thing, a kiss.
They’d stopped at Sainsbury’s for Lemsip for John, infant syrup for Ross, honey, tea, and milk for those who did not have flu.  John had sanitized his hands, and been careful that neither he nor Ross should breathe on, well, anything.  Now he was hurrying back home with a plastic sack of groceries on one jumper clad arm, and one year old Ross - who was tired and flu-ey- on the other.  John was tired.  And flu-ridden.
“Must be a different kind of bug,” Daddy said, “Sorry to cut the afternoon short.  Did you get what you wanted?”
“Yes.  yes, we will.  We have time.”  John gave him another hug, and received a kiss in return before his son climbed down from the rocker and attempted to pull his bedcovers down while still underneath his father.
The Crown of Flowers was a thing of beauty.  It was gold, and enamel, and coloured gemstones and clear faceted stones that broke the light into rainbows.  The fascination was not just for the monetary worth, the sheer volume of precious metal and stones, but also for the craftsmanship of the crown.  The Flower Crown was the most fascinating piece of jewelry that Miranda had ever seen, formed to look as though woven from living, breathing flowers.  Technically it was not a crown, but a chaplet.  The striking circlet of flowers rose to a triangular bit in the front, with a small flourish in the back to mark how the piece should be worn.  The sketches filled her book, begun at the start of the show three months ago.  She was not the only artist captivated.
“That boy is stealing,” Siger pointed at a young, unkempt child in a dirty, if expensive and fashionable, hoodie.
John stared.  “I don’t use formulas, Sherlock.  I used practice to learn the skill, and I just shoot.”
“This sample of reproductive material came from a different lab.  It isn’t mine, that’s clear.  Why would Moriarty be messing about with in vitro of a singular individual?  His own?  He was attempting to have his own child?  Wouldn’t it have been easier to slip that in with the larger batch of pregnancies from the Initiative?” Sherlock wondered out loud.  He did not bother asking why the Napoleon of Crime had not gone about it in the regular way.
“Yes.  Do you suppose that we could find presents for your sisters, and for Daddy?”  Sherlock had the laptop open and was typing rapidly.
Returning to the previous shop, the government official felt comfortable that he had an idea of what styles and fabrics were available now.  However, Rosalind showed no interest whatsoever in the Hello Kitty bow.  Unfortunately, she did have a predilection for plaid.
A puppy, like a baby, is not something to take on lightly.  Every year companion animals grow out of that cute baby stage, and end up in facilities looking to be re-homed.
“We’ve been doing research.  The lab has been closed for some time.  Its timeline mirrors the Initiative, although it was much, much smaller.  And there have been rather pressing events occurring that needed to be handled.”  Mycroft  knew he did not need to remind any Briton about what was going on in Europe, let alone across the pond.
“If you like,” Daddy agreed, “But you’re not going to get out of bed.  Siger,” he turned to his son, “Some assistance?  Fetch the Vomit Emergency Bucket, please?”
“Daddy?” and here John was expecting another deep and difficult question, not, “Can we go to Angelo’s for dinner?”
Mycroft Holmes was still issuing instructions to Anthea when he opened the solid and soundproofed door of his office at the end of the day. A hurricane of sound struck him, even in the cul de sac hallway that lead to his office. He could dectect the raised voices of six children, two violins, and a number of adults. Nothing to be alarmed about. Reassuring after the events of this day.
“Then, we are going to see if we can get you cleaned up.  Sometimes makeup doesn’t come off too easily,” John told them.  He was not looking at Sherlock, and he was definitely not remembering past girlfriends.  He added, “You do know that it is not the makeup that has your father upset, don’t you?”  They were intelligent, his daughters.  If they were not as organically smart as their big brother Siger, they were at least as enriched.
Daddy did not say something foolish, about Miri sharing the room with him.  A baby was not always company, and especially not when she was sleeping all the time with the flu.  There was quiet for a bit.  Siger was okay with that.  Because quiet meant, usually, that someone was thinking.
Other students, male and female and some of which she was not certain, gathered to sketch and attempt to recreated the piece in pencils, crayon, pastels.  One day Miranda had seen a designer from the West End.  She’d given him his privacy, of course, all the while shrieking like the fangirl that she was inside her Mind Palace.  And of course spying on his oil crayon work.
Anything that was not junk was sorted through by Alice Brown when she did the mail and accounts receivable.  If she thought an item useful, it was packed in a specific spot in the office, and set aside for Sherlock and John to look through.  Often John did not see anything in the wooden chest that Alice Brown used because Sherlock considered whatever was in the chest to be his property.  He needed these items, he claimed, for use in experiments in his lab.  This was because John selfishly refused to allow his spouse to swipe his own clothing or property, or those of Siger, Ross, and Miri.
Siger was wildly excited by the thought of receiving mail.  With Christmas approaching there had been an influx of personal correspondence in the form of Christmas cards, which he was given the responsibility of opening.  As he was not allowed to open the big front door, he had taken to visiting Grammy Hudson at about the time so that she could turn the brass knob and pull the door for him.
That got a big smile. Then John shouldered his carry-on, and made his way along the jet bridge with a purposeful stride. On with the mission.
Ross stared into her father’s face, her own scrunched up.  John started to laugh.  “I don’t think she knows the right words, Sherlock.  It’s all right, Ross.  We’re done playing. You can speak to
The moving van swerved ‘round a corner, and the doctor rolled to keep from falling on Ross. His stomach rolled a bit in the opposite direction, loudly announcing its decision to be queasy.  Just what he needed now.  It took some moving to brace himself, feet against one row of metal cages and back toward another set, and hold onto Ross as the van drove on.   Ross was quiet, silent even, which wasn’t Rosalind at all.  She was ordinarily such a chatterbox - for all that she was not speaking yet - John was torn between gratefulness that she wasn’t fussing, wasn’t crying, or panicking, and worry that something was wrong.  Well, something other than that they’d been kidnapped.  And for what?  What was going on?  There wasn’t even a case on, so far as Dr. John Watson was concerned.
Siger was glad they no longer had the baby monitor when he checked the hallway outside the nursery.  He could hear their fathers downstairs talking in the sitting room.  He ran back to Auntie Harriet’s afghan, spread out on the nursery floor like a vivid rug.  Miri and Ross had set up a circle of plush items  to take part in The Conference.
Miri, who was at a messy stage, gave her big brother a sloppy, wet kiss when he showed her the card he had made for her.  Ross tried to grab hers.  “No, Ross.  Daddy will put this up on the shelf with the others.  But I’m glad you like it.  Even if you want to put it in your mouth.”  And he gave her a kiss. Then it was Miri’s turn.
Siger helped Mrs. Hudson clean up the counter, the floor - where a little, just a little flour had spilled, and, standing on a stool, wash up the measuring implements, the utensils, and the biscuits sheets.  Bert found himself volunteering to dry with one of Mrs. Hudson’s bright terry cloth towels.
Next to John - across the center - were a family.  Two female adults and a small person.  The girl was probably about eight or nine years old.  She handled the process of luggage and seating with the air of experience, and was reading something from her iPad.  Her adults were chatting quietly, though one was clutching at her armrest.
“Does this mean I have to motivate myself to find a gift for your sister, Harriet?” Sherlock sounded horrified.
Soon the trope of the victim in the boot of the car will be gone.  Everything is hatchbacks these days.  Or SUVs.
“Yes.  And as close to vegetarian as you like,” Sherlock smiled.  “Just toss the three in the freezer into the bio hazard bins.”
“So we’ve got the guest bed then?” John’s small grin made up for the agony of relying on Mycroft for anything.
There was a moment of silence so heavy that John could feel it on his shoulders. “Again, I ask, why isn’t Sherlock here? Why are you talking to me instead of your brother?”
When John wrote about his heart leaping into his mouth, Sherlock had scoffed.  Remembering how he’d felt coming through the children’s bedroom door to find the room empty illustrated that sentiment all too well.  Obviously he’d quickly ascertained their escape route.  Peering over the sill, seeing Siger bravely, slowly, carefully moving down the emergency ladder - Guillame strapped to his back - he’d almost choked on the upwelling of pride.
Certainly it was not a children’s book.  But John’s time spent reading bits and pieces to their offspring at night from the creaking rocking chair had switched the collection to which Sherlock felt it belonged.
“Yes,” John said sleepily, as he turned over to face his tall, spare spouse.  “I didn’t think he’d remember the words though.”
Meanwhile, the child in question continued to make a statement of his own.  “Fear not,” Siger repeated.  “That is what the angels say.”
Siger’s grunt was noncommittal.  Leaning against the door he asked, “What did you want to do when you were my age?”
When the timer beeped, and Mrs. Hudson pulled the sheets from the oven in her mitted hands, the biscuits smelled wonderful.  They looked different, for the dough had puffed up a little as it baked.  The cinnamon hearts had melted into the cookie, smearing a little around the edges.  A few of the silver balls rolled off the eyes of the camels as she set the tray down onto the cooling rack.  “Let them cool a bit, and then you can each have one to taste-test,” She told them.
“Alright, Siger,” Sherlock Holmes told his son as he examined the file from last year at this time, “We must prepare for Christmas.  And the first thing we do is to put up the fairy lights for Grammy Hudson.”
Pulling the tail of his sheet through the doorway, he could hear John reading aloud from the sitting room. One of the children must be there as well.  Not more than one; it was too quiet.
Hoisting the jug of milk, he stepped firmly from the curb and up to the doorway, juggling a ring of keys to open the locks. The milk stayed in the foyer, perched on the oak buffet against the wall, while he checked in with Alice Brown in the office downstairs. Bert was there, stretched out on the office couch reading a spy novel, and generally keeping the office manager company as she updated their online schedule. John then knocked gently on Mrs. Hudson’s door for a moment to chat. When he could not put it off any longer, he climbed the wooden stairs to home.
Sherlock could have roamed the world. Once Moriarty’s organization was stamped out, there were so many places to explore.  But they were not London.  And those places did not have John Watson.  When he did return, his homecoming was not what he expected.
John, who had been rehearsing the words in his head all evening opened his mouth to blurt out something, anything. No words came.
Ross giggled in spite of herself, and reached up to take John’s other hand.  “Daddy, Evangelina wears makeup every day,” she explained.
Daddy called for Bert, and they brought Ross and Miri in to witness Siger opening the package like a shark ripping through a school of fish.  Opening the box, Siger found a lady in pink, a man in blue with a brown beard, and three men with crowns and beards in blue, orange, and purple.  There were also a sheep, a donkey, and a cow, and a plastic painted to look like wood manger filled with plastic straw and a baby.
“Lists for Christmas,” Daddy said as he managed to get a spoonful of green stuff into Ross’s mouth.  “I don’t suppose you want to talk about Christmas dinner right now, though.”
Siger Hamish Holmes stood in front of the pack of people watching the white cloud.  His small face was grim.  His red rimmed eyes, made all the more vivid by thick, long, red lashes under only slightly darker eyebrows, brimmed with tears.
It was December 2nd.  Doctor John Watson, former soldier, currently holder of medical licensing, but self-employed as the assistant to his amazing spouse, Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes, used the full weight of his body on the arm twisted behind the back of the villain lying face down in the mud by the edge of the Thames.  Occasionally -- and making certain that his captive was not expecting it -- the doctor allowed a moment for breathing before pressing firmly down again.
Sherlock Holmes gave him a nod of agreement just as a sleepy wail floated down the stairs and echoed through the monitor. Standing, and without a backward glance at John, he ascended the stairs quietly. John watched him exit the sitting room, and said nothing.
Sherlock could not see what, exactly, was sheeplike about the pink leotard. He’d learned to wait to ask about these things, because the answers were often long, rambling, and not even close to actual logic.  What he did ask was, “And what is Rosalind?”
Sherlock smirked as he examined the miniatures and photographs decorating the polished mahogany shelves along the side of his brother’s desk.  “I should have brought some of my explosives with me.  That would have gotten him off of the line in a hurry.”  He gave a small laugh at his brother’s expression.
Then it was Siger’s turn. Siger leaned back upon the man’s lap to look up carefully.  After examining the man he asked, “What do you feed your reindeer?”
“All right then,” Siger tucked his been under his arm and leaned back.  “We will look for data in the morning.”
“I’ve got that covered,” he was told simply.  “Really, John, please stop talking.  You are making this take way too long.”
Glancing at him, the chatty driver said, “CSIS picked up your hoody friend, and a few more.  We’ll be trading vehicles.  They’ll have info on your next stop in the next car.”
In the absence of conversation, the sounds of the street seemed magnified - cars traveling Baker Street, passers-by chattering on the pavement, and a siren in the distance. Suddenly, John gave a snort. A giggle broke loose, and the blond doctor leaned back in his chair and laughed until he was out of breath.
Ah.  “What other angels say ‘Fear not’?” Sherlock asked as he entered the room and gave his son the invitation to tell him all, settling into the rocking chair.
“Ah,” John responded.  Then he picked up his boy, “We’re a bit busy to take care of a dog, Siger, sweet.  I’d rather focus on doing things with you and Miri Cat and Ross Love.”
Informing Alice Brown that they were on lockdown, and that she was to start the recorder when she answered the phone from now until he told her not to, Sherlock swept out of the office and up the stairs to 221B.  “Albert,” he shouted, only to stop short to prevent falling over the
Garlic, warming with good olive oil in the saute pan brought sharp memories of his own subdued laughter, simple meals, and romantic days with little to no thought of The Work.  Fat, grey striped prawns  joined the garlic and glistened  their way to a savory pink.  A twist of the pepper mill rained black, white, pink, and green pepper into the pan as the prawns were flipped to season them evenly.  Bright green broccoli florets, trimmed to excruciating exactness by the chef’s assistant steamed quietly near a pan of linguini, strained and waiting for a final rinse of boiling water from the kettle to heat it up.
Sherlock Holmes came home from last minute Christmas shopping to find his family beneath the Christmas tree.  Siger was attempting to teach Miranda to say, “woof”, and crawl instead of inch about.  Rosalind sat and contemplated her newly redecorated kingdom while chewing on one of Siger’s rubber bees.
That curl topped head cocked like a bird, “While you’ve had objections to my keeping ‘bits of corpses’ in the flat before, this is something on a more visceral level, isn’t it?”
He was accustomed to the sounds of London traffic, but an awareness came over him that the small area in back of 221, fenced in and secure as he’d thought it, was too quiet.  Quiet could mean a variety of things.  His madman could be sequestered in his Mind Palace.  The children did not know how to do that yet, although Mycroft was teaching them the principles.
Another suitcase, John’s oatmeal jumper, jeans, and collection of red pants.  Enough for tomorrow and clothes shopping.  Sherlock quickly sorted through his sock index, and acquired appropriate and matching garments, followed by comfortable flannel pajama bottoms and a soft, worn tee shirt.
And the enormous weight that was his baby cousin was lifted as John Watson unbuckled the snug sack, and hefting Will onto his hip, wrapped the other arm around his boy.  Siger gave it up at that, and leaning against his father’s chest began to cry.
Now Miranda was thinking of how it would be done, the theft of the Crown of Flowers.  What possible use could there be in framing Miranda for the theft.  No one had been near the pedestal.  Well, not near enough to touch the glass, which was wired with pressure sensitive devices.  Miranda kept her knowledge of the security precautions to herself.  It could only confuse matters if she started explaining.
Alice Brown had given Siger a blank book on his last birthday.  Siger had declared it was a Book For Later, and had his parents -- and really, any adult in the area -- make notations about things that Siger wanted to know about, but which subject was not on the Appropriate Scale for him at the moment.
“Yes, Siger,” Mycroft smiled at the boy, “You may choose a tie.  But it will have to be a real tie, and not a clip-on.  Those are barbaric.”
Their schedule at the range was the only time that Mother held James’s hand.  He liked it, the hand holding part, though the loud noises bothered him.  Even through the hearing protectors.  And the special ceilings.
could not see him in this darkness.  Will, he realized, was babbling.  So long as the baby held still, Siger would be grateful.
Pulling off his coat and laying it over the back of one chair Sherlock sat down in the other and paused as he reached for the hard copy file.  Looking up at the top of the shelf he had been perusing he gestured toward the two small beings standing watch atop the bookcase.  “Really, Mycroft?  Where did you even find those?”
The car started up, and John could feel the vehicle in motion.  No movement from his companion, but she was breathing.  There were sounds of traffic outside.  “I don’t suppose you thought to bring your frying pan?” he asked the unconscious Mrs. Hudson as he checked her pulse.
“John,” he called, “Why is it that we buy Rosalind her own toys, and she insists on playing with Siger’s?”
Miri wondered if pirates had hot chocolate.  Anna, in a fit of generosity, had allowed them to have hot chocolate for breakfast with their toast and jam.  Miri believed that to be the best of all possible breakfasts, although Ross preferred sausages.  Definitely, pirates had sausages.  And gruel.  She found the Sea Cook in the pile of piratical adventurers and placed him in the galley, balanced upon his peg leg.  “I have sausages for all, hearties!” she told her nautical comrades.  Ross’s parrot swooped into the galley squawking for a treat.
“Oh,” said Sherlock.  “Well, yes.  Robert Louis Stevenson wrote a poem about the frustrations of going to sleep when there's so much going on.  I’ve been reading
“Your family will have my hide if I don’t get you back down to the Dower House in time for dinner,” John told him, “And Anna will tan it afterward if we’re not ready for ours!”
He examined the child.  Long brown hair, braided, dark skin, and serious eyes examined him back.  “I beg your pardon?” he responded.
“John?” Sherlock’s arm was warm, solid in his black Belstaff, as it wrapped around the doctor.  Mrs. Hudson peered past them into the foyer, poking at the umbrellas standing in a brass container by the door.
Sliding along the leather seat, John called, “‘Morning, Declan,” toward the driver beyond the smoked glass. The communicating window to the driver cracked a bit, “Morning, Dr. Watson,” before sliding home. Dr. John Watson pulled out his mobile and texted, “Being kidnapped by your brother. Will you be there? JW.”
“We could make rainbows,” Will offered, “Daniel and Emma can help make ours, since they already have them.”
The door remained black, the brass knocker just a hint off-kilter. No notice in sight told of the presence of the Holmes-Watson Agency. There was noise next door from Mrs. Turner’s, where she was having the upstairs flat re-plastered.
very much.  The second question was, “It is a person’s body?”  Because it was alright to examine the dead animals that
“They’re not pink.  All six of my geese are pink from a prank the lads down at the Spade and Hoe played six months ago,” was the surprising answer.
John hated being sick.  He lay back against the puffed up pillows - he’d puffed them himself, as Sherlock did not manage to do it to John’s specifications.  There was ample pho leftover for him to eat for the rest of the week.  It was good, not the calibre of Bert’s mother’s soup, but tasty, and warming.
“Well, I have my bank card.  No, we weren’t able to get much of our clothing when we evacuated.  Or the files. We didn’t even try to get the stuff out of the safe.
Each of the veterans took his turn at the task, some succeeding, some failing with the comments of “never to this day”.  Or “I’ll never get it.”  They all turned to John Watson.
“This letter is an ‘em’,” John said pointing to the first letter of Miranda’s name.  “And here is an ‘ar’” and he pointed to the first letter of Rosalind’s.
“I am making a card for Miri, and a card for Ross, because the cards were all the same and they should have their own,” Siger said as he moved the green crayon over the piece of red construction paper.
Siger had asked if he could stay home with Daddy and Uncle Greg to watch the match.  If Siger had any doubt of his welcome in doing this, it was washed completely away by the brilliantly happy grin that Daddy gave to him when Siger asked.  “Of course, Siger!” John said, “We would love to have you watch with us.  But it’s a long game, and a little complicated.”
“Win the World Cup, I think,” John grinned as he said, “Get through school without disgracing myself.  And date the prettiest girls in my class.”
from its place on the shelf.  Best to do some research before he chose a wand for John’s Christmas gift.
Being friendly with folk tended to introduce complications into his chosen career.  He was a butcher. A very specific type of butcher.  Jim Moriarty’s butcher.  As such he was used to his subjects being brought to him.  Jim Moriarty was good that way.  And it was difficult to move through an area without being noticed when one is large and distinctive.  Distinctive was a word that Jim Moriarty had used for Cuddles.  Cuddles approved of the term.
“Nonsense, John!  Just look at how excited Siger is for this experiment!” Sherlock was almost bouncing up and down.
For a wonder, there was no call from Lestrade. Bert remained downstairs. Alice Brown closed up the office and went home for the night. The children were fed, bathed, and put to bed after a fairly short and easily read book.
Still, she thought as she stretched carefully away from the frying pan, the bed was firm enough that she wasn’t aching.  That was always a plus.  She’d been meaning to buy a new mattress, and she supposed that now was certainly the time for it.  The insurance money for the water damage should cover the cost, after all.  Perhaps someone owed Sherlock a favor, and she could get a nice one cheaply.
“Yes, Daddy,” Siger dutifully retrieved the mobile and switched it off.  At his father’s request he tucked it into his Daddy’s back pocket, then picked up the bowl of carrot sticks from the sink and placed it before his sisters on the kitchen island.
John gave her smile, “Good attention to detail.  One of the best things you need when you’re writing.”
bell-end (plural bell-ends) (Britain, slang, vulgar) The glans penis. (Britain, slang, offensive, vulgar) A stupid or contemptible person (Wiktionary).  There is another definition for New Zealand.
They lay there, cuddled close, face to face, listening, until Siger was finished with his song.  His treble voice came through clearly over the monitor, “Good night, Miri Cat.”  There was a sound that might have been a kiss.  And then it was quiet again.
Sherlock Holmes was forced to jolt his brain to a stop from its previous course.  An unexpected question, certainly, from his eldest child.  Father instead of Père?  Sherlock said,
John Watson’s mouth opened to reply to that, then snapped shut. It was a moment before he gave an answer. “I will consider it.”
The blond gave him a long-suffering glance.  There were a resident doctor and midwife both obviously thrown by the comments leading up to this one, and they nervously reassured the woman on the delivery table from where they crouched between her wide-spread legs and stirruped feet.  Taking a much needed respiration, she looked up at the dark haired man and breathlessly asked, “What are you on about?”
said in his deep, comforting voice, “I have no idea what type of creature that might be.”  “Possibly a beef roast” his
John Watson thought bitterly that it was no life for a child to expect to be hurt before answering, “I don’t know, Siger.  We’ll find out.  And you know that your
“I don’t think he’s a fan,” she told him, “He doesn’t have that look of ‘oh my, there’s my favorite writer’ about him.”
Everyone was tired.  There was a lot of crabbiness from their normally sweet and loving children.  John had given the call early, “Time for bed everyone!”
Andre Rieu, Christmas Around the World.  https://www.amazon.com/Andre-Rieu-Christmas-Around-World/dp/B000I2J7YA/ref=sr_1_1?s=movies-tv&ie=UTF8&qid=1481740174&sr=8-1&keywords=christmas+concert+dvd+violin
“Other than goose muck?” his father asked, then took a sniff.  “Oh.  That smells like curry.  And something else.”
John sighed, “I don’t know, Siger. I just don’t ever want you, or you,” he said to Miri, “or you,” to Ross, “to shoplift.  It’s not something to be done for fun.”
They talked of past Christmases, both their own as children, as as parents.  It was with a sense of accomplishment that they eventually turned out the lights, and went to bed.
The mobile pinged.  “Alice Brown!  Thank you for calling back,” John Watson juggled the baby on one hip, receiving a platter of sandwiches from Anna with the other hand, and the mobile on his shoulder.  “You’re done with your doctor’s appointment?  Don’t go to Baker Street.
Siger shook his head, “We can get an animal for Miri too.  But for Ross, we should not get rainbows.”
could pick Siger up. When he wanted to be picked up.  Because he was old enough now to know his own mind about that,
“Detective,” he told her, “Or so it says on my warrant card.  Are you ready to go?  I thought I’d bring you to my house for supper with Uncle Mycroft, Will, and Joy and me.  I can drop you off home then afterward.”
It was good to be home.  Later there would be spicy broth (for John), and milder chicken soup (for Rosalind) - an interesting treatment for the flu, as Sherlock would say - and hot tea.  Ross and John wrapped in an afghan, in his chair turned to face the telly, while Sherlock, Siger, and Miri shared the couch for a program on dvd.  Family, and comfort food, and tea.  His daughter safe, and snuggled against him in his chair.  All would be right with the world.
The van stopped, engine still running.  John had given up trying to follow the turns and stops.  He had no idea where in London they were.  Traffic light, he guessed, as he did hear the sound of motors passing in front of them.
Ignoring the grumblings of the good doctor, the taller man spoke to his son, “Let’s get your dragon outfit out of the hallway, Siger.  Then we can have breakfast, and you’ll take your medicine.  Your sisters are in the bedroom?” And the man swept Siger off, leaving John to his battle with the laptop.
John was quite onboard with that.  He was reading a book that Jack Watson and Mary Morstan had sent the children.  Only one chapter tonight!
“Mine and Siger’s,” Bert Tran responded.  Catching them out of his pocket, he flicked them both on, and inserted Siger’s into a tiny pocket in the back of the toddler’s bright blue romper.  Bert's own he stuck under the leg of his jeans, down the top of his plain black, cotton sock.
He pulled a white rectangular picture book into view.  The illustration was dark, of a train standing in a city street.  “How about this one, Ross Love?” he said, opening to the text and beginning to read.  “‘On Christmas Eve, many years ago, I lay quietly in my bed.’”
The sound started upstairs.  John and Sherlock were downstairs in their bed, sleeping soundly, when Miri started to cry.  She had a distinctive, thin, wailing and anguished way of crying.  They heard it through the monitor, and each was steeling himself to go up and handle it before she woke the others, when a soft sound came through the monitor, and Miri’s crying cut off.
“We have done.  We’re giving her a lovely cashmere scarf and glove set - since she loses her gloves every year,” John told him.
Siger shook his head, the red curls were flyaway from the humid weather. “No.  Just picking up further data.”
Raising one elegant eyebrow, Mycroft pointed out, “I didn’t say he placed them there.  John left them with me over a year ago.”  He had waited for months for Sherlock to noticed the tiny toys, and was pleased to have disconcerted his brother over such a small thing.
Siger was thoughtful as he said, “That woman wanted Daddy to engage with her, so that her child could escape.”
What did these men want?  For they were men, not a woman in the bunch.  If they’d planned on Ross, surely they’d have thought to have a woman to handle the baby. Unless they expected John to do it.  Or hadn’t thought at all.  What was it Sherlock said so very often?  “The criminal classes these days,” before making that disgusted sound in the back of his throat.
More smoke and water damage.  Black climbing the bannisters and wall where an offshoot of the fire had licked its way up.   It was the only burn damage - accelerant?  Holmes could not think how that had been distributed, since the major aspect of the fire was the car bomb that had struck Speedy’s front window.
Anthony thought the money he so desired came from investment.  To be fair, Dear Jim had set her up with good steady strategies, and a stolid, careful investment manager – completely separated from any of Dear Jim’s illegal business practices.  Everything above board.  She’d enough after his murder to live on – extravagantly even – for the rest of her life.  Tedious.  There was no exhilaration in playing the society life, no matter what Adler might think.
“Tada!” Mr. Phillips produced three very similar envelopes with some panache.  “I expect that I can entrust these to you, and give the rest to your Grammy?”
John snagged the compartment next to the not-really-good-at-spyingish individual.  If he’d have been Sherlock he’d have been able to pick the man’s pocket, but as it was John managed his personal business and washing his hands in time to bump into the man on his way out.  “Sorry, mate,” John said cheerfully, “cramped quarters, yeah?”
So sorry. This got posted with only the first half.  It's been updated now.  Thank you for your patience!
Siger could not remember so many packages arriving at two hundred twenty one with his name on them.  The excitement took him and ran him up and down the steps to the nursery, in and out of the kitchen, and through the sitting area, and out to the landing to look over the baby gate, waiting for his parents to come home.  The package was sitting down below on the table in the foyer.  It was a brown paper package, and although it was not tied up with strings, it was sealed with clear tape.  Clearly a box of some type, it was the perfect size for Siger to open.
“No Daddy,” Siger said as he settled down next to his father.  “This one is mine.  It has an ‘es’,” and he showed the envelope to John.
That gave Siger something to think about.  He knew that Uncle Greg did not actually mean a bee.  Nor one of Siger’s rubber bees, which he still played with sometimes.  He was not frightened of bees, but just to be sure he went into the kitchen to ask.  Uncle Greg was leaning against the counter drinking out of a brown bottle.  Daddy was moving things about on a platter, as though they were not going to be disturbed as soon as he brought it into the sitting room.  “Daddy,” he asked, “Do you have a bee in your bonnet?”
Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade made a face at them. Mycroft corrected himself, “for singing purposes.”
Tea.  No milk, of course.  But there was honey!  Sherlock felt a smile bloom on his face in spite of himself.  He examined the tray set on his lap happily as John assisted Siger to climb up on the bed.  “I thought you’d like a little company with your tea,” the short, blond-haired man said.  Then he climbed up to join them.  “Bert’s here to watch the girls for a bit.”
