“Listen,” the officer says, “we got a homicide down here, and my file says that our suspect might be one of yours.”
“Yeah, no, nice try,” Dean responds. He points his whisk at Cas before returning it to the bowl. “I poked that sleeping bear once, remember? If you’re asleep I let you stay asleep.”
Dean pats her hood as he walks around the car. “Baby? Nah, she runs like a dream. Spend too much time making sure she’s in perfect condition for her to ever give me trouble.”
Cas wonders if he’s done enough to earn his spot at the table next to her most nights. He knows he hasn’t done enough to earn the privilege of calling her his daughter. He covets it regardless, and he feels that same overwhelming rush when he looks at her now. His brave, stubborn, beautiful daughter.
Dean puts Bennett in the rearview, stomach sinking ever mile further out he gets. There’s an ache in his chest that he can’t get rid of no matter how heavy he presses on the gas or how loud he plays the music. His hands are still shaking. He wonders if a hand to hold would make the trembling stop, but he doesn’t let himself dwell on that for too long.
When Dean comes home from work, stomping into the house noisily and cursing when the door opens too hard and hits the wall, Cas doesn’t look up from his book. His attempt to warn Dean is just a moment too short, but he says, “Don’t trip over the—”
When Bobby finally lets the kid up for air, they pile around the tiny motel table and Dean passes out burgers. It feels achingly familiar. Just like when he and Sammy were kids and tore up Bobby’s house before dinnertime, crammed into their seats and fighting over elbow space. Sam eats like he hasn’t seen food since he got topside, and no one comments on it.
major xoxo kisses and hugs to my wives cait and sabi who are still 120k words later holding my hand every time i write a new chapter and need reassurance mwah MWAH the loves of my life
Cas sounds almost affronted when he chimes in, “Dean is my friend,” and the poor dude looks even more confused by the eye roll Claire tosses his way.
“Because I told you not to,” Dean says, lamely, because he doesn’t have an actual response to that and it makes his throat feel tight.
Dean stares at him harder. Out of all the things he’d expected in a reunion, this was the last of it. “Hey, Cas, good to see you too, man. Last time we saw each other you got turned into a flesh smoothie. Wanna talk about what the hell happened there?”
Not even these feel as powerful as they did before. And what’s he supposed to do with them now? If Bobby were still alive, Dean would pass it over to Bobby and wipe his hands of it and follow through on his half-assed promise to Sam that he’d do better this time ‘round. But Bobby isn’t alive. Neither is Cas. Or Sam. And hell, they never knew the real Adam, not really, but his death still stings, too.
Chuck glances between them, unbelieving, but neither of them waver. And when they continue to hold their ground, Chuck begins to laugh. “Hold on, I wanna make sure I got this right. In this scenario, you’re Cain and Sam’s Abel and Castiel is… whoever it was Cain married. Are you telling me that you honestly believe, if you were in Cain’s shoes, that you would be able to do the same thing?”
“Yes,” Cas says, and there’s almost a smile on his face. Could be a smile if Cas didn’t seem so damn sad. “I’m starting to piece that together.”
The stairs creak as he waits for the tea to steep, but it’s not Dean who rounds the corner like Cas expects.
“Claire and I went on a run this morning before school,” Cas says apologetically. “She’s very determined to make the track team.”
Jack looks away. Lifts his head and turns his gaze upward, glancing out the stained glass window. He looks every ounce the angel that Castiel isn’t in this moment, and though the thought should feel like a heavy stone, it only gives him peace.
Cas protests halfheartedly, but it gets buried beneath Claire’s huff of laughter as she pushes away from Dean. Her eyes are red, and there’s a smudge of mascara on her cheek that she wipes away with the flat of her palm. “Shut up,” she says, voice thick. She looks away from him quickly. “You know you’re just as much my dad as he is.”
once the dust settles? When all is said and done, the shot that would kill Jack takes Dean too, and then all that’s left is Sam Winchester with his puppet strings cut and no more roles to play, stuck with two more bodies to burn and a guilt he’ll carry on his shoulders. Then all that’s left is Castiel, a ghost of the angel he used to be, who will live a miserable eternity waiting for a moment of true happiness that will never come. What good is a full-circle ending when there’s still people that survive through the end of it?
The breath of relief Sam lets out is tangible enough Cas can practically hold it in his hands. “Thanks, man,” Sam mumbles. “I… seriously, thanks.”
Dean loves with his entire being—Cas has known that from the moment he pulled Dean free from the maws of Hell. Since the moment the broken soul under Cas’s care began to mourn for those he had hurt while under the Devil’s thumb, even as he was being saved from that same, wretched place.
“Me,” Dean answers. He squeezes his eyes shut. In the bathroom, the shower squeaks as the water is turned off, and the shower curtain rustles noisily even through the door. Dean can’t really breathe as he finishes, “And Sammy.”
Dean prays urgently, and Cas forgives him for that. The rest of it, he’ll forgive over time, but for this Cas can’t fault him. After all, he’s never said it out loud himself.
“You just got out of Hell,” Dean echoes, and he raises an eyebrow. “You handle it any better when it was me?”
Dinner is a quiet affair, tense as they wait for Sam and Kelly without truly acknowledging it. Cas tries to hold on to Dean as much as he can. As though it might steady him. As though it might reassure him.
Dean searches Sam’s face, not entirely sure what he’s looking for. But Sam doesn’t even look him in the eye. Grasping at straws, Dean says finally, “Do you think it was God?”
They go. Dean watches, still rooted in place, until he can’t distinguish their figures from the shadows of Eden’s foliage. Then he turns back and looks again for the tree that Eve gave everything for.
Dean throws another piece of flooring and grins when this one makes it into the trashcan. He gives himself a moment to feel childishly proud. “You know, I seem to remember having a decent amount of homework my freshman year of high school.”
Cas doesn’t know how they could, considering they’re only going to the grocery store, but he graciously doesn’t point that out.
Cas staggers backwards under the weight of his shock, and a strangled cry breaks out of him. His head is
The seconds that pass between Dean putting the offer out there and Cas’s response feel like the longest amount of time Dean’s ever endured, but after several heart-pounding moments, Cas finally smiles at Dean like Dean’s just offered him the solution for world peace.
i'm 98% sure i put this in one of the last fics but since i wrote the actual scene into this one, please check out this gorgeous art by my dear friend clary of
Horrified, he tries to move—to leave—anything to stop the darkness from invading the water and killing the fish, but the tide is stronger and faster and it swallows the fish and Castiel up in one large, shrouded breath.
“Bye,” Dean says hollowly, and the call disconnects. He holds his phone to his ear for another second, anyway, just in case.
He finishes the kitchen and gets started on the dining room just to get it over with. At this rate, he thinks he could have all the linoleum pulled up before the afternoon. Dean runs through the other shit he wanted to get through today, wondering if he has enough time to run to the hardware store and get a stain for the floor. There’s a creak in the middle of the kitchen that he wants to fix, but he’ll have to get under the house for that and he’s a little bit nervous to see what he’ll find under there.
Dean laughs anyway. “Yeah, well. Then I saved the world. Twice. I think I’m allowed some leeway with shit like emotions now.”
“I will,” Claire sighs, as she always does. She glances up at him. He wonders if she remembers what they talked about last night. He hopes that she does, if only for the sake of her remembering that he promised he’d care for her no matter what. Claire looks away from him quickly, after that, but she still reminds him, “Don’t forget your jacket.”
None of them are entirely sure how the assignment was given to them, but no angel is foolish enough to question it. They anoint Castiel to lead—he has long since given up curiosity in favor of strategy. With the element of surprise behind them, Castiel opens the gates, and the domain of their fallen brother parts for them as the Red Sea did once before.
Let’s pause for a moment. Forget about starting over. Perhaps it’s best to begin with a riddle instead, so pay close attention. Two brothers make two offerings to God. God looks to the brothers, and this is what he sees: one whose eyes never stray from his duties, and the other whose eyes never stray from his brother’s back. Which offering, from which brother, does God favor? You may think that there’s not enough information in this scenario to lead us to the answer. Go ahead then—just guess. There’s a fifty percent chance you’re right. A twenty-five percent chance that the answer is neither of them. A hundred percent chance that it doesn’t matter how much of the scenario we know or don’t know, because this is a God who no longer makes choices using logic or reasoning anymore.
Cas hums, sitting back in his chair. He glances at the open door, and from his spot, Dean thinks he is able to see Claire. Dean wonders if that makes Cas feel better, the way that looking over Sam when he slept when they were kids helped Dean. “I suppose I’ll find a place of living for Claire and I,” he starts. “Bobby created documentation that will make me seem like a responsible homeowner or renter. I’ll have to get a job, to provide for her and myself. And I will need to earn Claire’s trust.”
Bobby sighs. “Bit out of your way to drive from Indiana to South Dakota back to Illinois, ain’t it?”
Dean has his sketchbook in his hands one night, bent over it and designing the hallway remodel as he sits in their bed. He grunts when Cas wraps around him from behind but doesn’t look up from his drawing. Cas watches him work over his shoulder.
They wake Claire up, a little while later, and send her up to bed with a few hugs and a kiss to the top of her head from Cas. She has school tomorrow, though he’s sure she’ll try to get out of it by saying she wants to stay home to watch the chickens. Sam heads in not long after, yawning so big he can hardly say goodnight. He squeezes both Cas and Dean’s shoulders before heading in. Dean sighs contently when Cas pulls himself out of his own chair and settles into Dean’s. They hold on to each other easily, quietly.
“Whatever man, it’s in the past.” Dean got up and quickly began dusting off his jeans and his Led Zeppelin shirt. He grimaced when he saw that his clothing was still blood splattered. He felt the softest brush of grace going down his body, finding his clothing not only clean but crisp and new instead of well-worn and lightly faded. “Thanks.”
“Father.” Violet sighed as the two siblings looked at each other, tears falling like rainwater from their eyes. “You can't.” She finished and both looked up at her confused. It was like for the first real time she and Jacob were the calm angels and they were the crying humans.
“You are quiet the enjoyable cuddle bug to.” The hunter teased and Gabriel pouted and climbed up Sam's body and planted a kiss on his lips.
He wouldn't think anything about it but the slightly shimmering he saw and saw that there was grace shining through it. Grace was bubbling beneath the surface of that scarred skin and shining through it. Grace Scar.
“Calm, my adored, calm.” Castiel moved forward and stroked Dean’s cheek, not allowing him to pull away. “Did you think we were meant to never feel love?” He chuckled, “make no mistake that we take it much more seriously than humans, to mate is to belong to each other forever. When we angels walked among humans long ago, before Lucifer rebelled, two of my brothers and one sister mated to a human.” He then hummed, “what I am now, the closest thing is god.”
Not that Dean would complain, he normally would but he was too worried that Castiel would stop. He practically preened form the praise his angel rained down on him. “Dean?” It was practically a moan, Castiel’s body acting like his bones were jelly.
All three men gasped, though the scarred Castiel knew and the angel had an inkling of an idea but seeing it made both angel and hunter jump back, and he frowned and gave a pout. “Oh baby, don’t be like that.” He pulled the angel close to him, spinning him to pull the angel’s back against the demon king’s chest.
“Oh Gabe,” Sam took a deep breath he turned to press a kiss to Gabriel’s palm that had been holding his face. “A lot has happened since you died,” his voice broke for the very last word and Castiel wondered why it had never come up to Dean or himself why they were never told.
Castiel had barely had the time to embrace him before Dean was pulling back. No, not pulling, retching back pulling violently back. “...Dean?”
If the family friends that were managers at the family cafe cursed them...well, Jacob and Violet didn't know for sure. They did know that Karen who was the worst bully for Jacob was cursed of some kind. Sometimes Violet thought about asking them to teach her how to use magic just like they had taught daddy; he wasn't too into it. He could do a lot but wasn't as good as he was he wasn't a witch. However it was this that she was meant to be.
“There parents had a bit of a business arrangement with me. A deal of sorts,” Crowley tensed obviously  not wanting to say too much in case Violet started asking questions. “I came to see if we could find them somewhere, Susan-their mom-didn't want them separated if anything happened to her.”
“Why would we do that? We are already bonded far closer then any simple human ceremony couold do.” Castiel pointed out and Dean couldn't help but chuckle. That was such a Cas thing to say.
Castiel was able to tell Dean that the only reason that he hadn't told Dean was to keep from burdening him, that he had nothing to worry about. Dean normally would be curious but wouldn't say anything but right now with the archangel talking like he was he would need to know. There was no way his angel was getting out of this.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel finally managed to say, “I am here on, um, urgent business.” Castiel managed to say and Dean stood reaching and drying his hands before turning to see Castiel fully and froze jumping back but he could not thanks to the counter that held the sink.
“E...East of Eden.” He whispered looking down, it was something he had decided when he began to believe in god and angels and praying, he never told Dean. By the time he heard about it and believed in it Dean was already a hardened hunter. He saw too much evil that Sam was a little wary to tell him, he never hid it but never mentioned that he prayed every day. Prayed for his big brother, prayed for Jessica's spirit, prayed for those who needed to be protected. Dean had simply shrugged and moved on, much better then Sam thought that he would react.
“Why?” The officer's suspicion was spiked, but still he sensed nothing untoward about them, and considering how long he had been on the job he trusted them.
He didn’t know what he would do when that bastard was dead, hadn’t thought about it. He didn’t know what he would do but he didn’t care, he was not the same anymore since losing his brother, since losing h is eyes. The very last thing those hazel eyes had seen before they melted out of his skull was his big brother crumple to the floor lifeless.
For most Sam and Dean were a package deal, but it was obvious almost from the word go that Castiel preferred Dean to Sam. He cared about Sam of course, but never like Dean. The whole fact that Castiel had a profound bond with Dean, and Dean didn't know what that meant but sometimes he thoguth about it. But it was so confusing he usually didn't.
Dean allowed himself to stop thinking, just to feel. Not to get too wrapped up in his own head which was usually just problems for him. So instead he let his body do what it would with Castiel. Castiel slowly moved Dean to be laying on his back with Castiel hovering over him, his wings moving to cage Dean and slip underneath him.
“He…he’s a king of hell.” Castiel sighed, “I felt pain, just as much as when I held his lifeless body in my arms, but I appear fine.” He then looked away from Gabriel and out the window, “but how could he be my Dean and it not kill me?”
He saw even more then before, this time allowing himself to see more and more of Dean. To understand more and more and see how the powers had effected him. While Sam could see into the future and move things with his mind Dean could see in the future as well but could not move things with his mind but seemed able to sense ghosts and spirits.
This was very long and I hoped you guys liked it. I so call that in the show the reason Dean hasn't done anything is because he is worried of how emotional sexy times with Cas would make him.
“Are you okay, Cas?” Castiel looked over cursing his waning grace. He couldn’t search for Dean like he was.
“I’m sorry Dean, I never wanted to force you out if you weren’t ready, but I never view you as less, definitely not for that. I love you man.”
“It's a rock, it's blue.” Dean glanced down at his feet and his face was blood red but he continued on, something that adult Dean would never do, “it's the same color as your eyes, it's not as pretty though.”
“You can’t fucking be serious, asshole.” Dean was suddenly dead serious, “you want to know what it was like for me?! You even bother to wonder?” Dean growled out and Castiel was suddenly hit with his selfishness, he had been so busy thinking about his own pain and shock of finding Dean alive again that he didn’t even think about what Dean was going through.
“My name is Deandre Winchester and…my name is…” Castiel frowned as it sounded worrying. “I don’t remember.” Castiel wet his lips, he had never once interfered with any universe, he let them be just watching over them before slipping out of the universe. Not one had known he was even there. But now…he pushed his grace over to her, wrapping around her form as she looked into the camera not understanding before gasping as the spell was removed from her.
“Did I get it wrong?” Castiel asked worrying, this should be the perfect relaxing dinner for Dean, “isn’t is something you’d like? You need to eat something Dean.”
His lips fused to his moose's pressed tightly and Sam didn't even have to grab the archangel to keep him up. He could easily, but he didn't need to didn't stop him from doing so. He wrapped one arm around Gabriel's waist and the other tugged at his golden hair.
Sam was busy making sure that Gabriel was okay, he understood his husband in a way no one else could. He knew that now even with the new way that Heaven was run under Castiel's garrison. Still angels would look at Gabriel in some there would be happiness to gain back a brother after losing so many siblings, but some of them blamed him. As if Gabriel could have stopped the fighting between Lucifer and Micheal, at best he would have become another Raphael just as bad as the two of them.
Taking note of his surroundings he saw that he was in a closet. Opening it up he paused as he saw the bedroom. It was covered in toys and there was a small child in the bed shaking and glancing from over the lip of the blanket and he could see the fear in their eyes.
“Utterly adorable.” Sam grunted, before he could be asked he continued on, “you haven't had to see them constantly staring at each other-obviously wanting each other. I'm just glad they finally got on with it.”
He started to run but was stopped as Castiel suddenly was there, he knew the way that it happened, had seen it dozens of times before and he always hated it. But his Castiel had always shown up behind him. And Dean always hated it, telling him repeatedly not to do it, the sudden feeling of not being alone that tripped his hunter-toned instincts and then seeing Castiel there and going from possible danger to alley. He hated this more.
“Seriously Jake, come on; we have got to figure this out.” She pointed out, silver or cut off a head, two very different things. It wasn't even that they could just use a silver blade and cut off the head; it needed to go into the heart for a wraith and cut off the head for a vampire. For either one it should be obvious; drained blood-vampire, dry brain-wraith. But what happens when the blood and the brains are drained?
“That’s what I thought but he said he was through a lot of them, some he said didn’t have me but apparently I’m the first he came across to be ‘just like’ his Dean.”
Dean and Sam looked around and found that they were for some reason in a really weird place. It wasn't hell, both having been there enough times to be able to tell it wasn't hell. It wasn't purgatory as Dean easily could see, and it was not heaven either. This place they were was not anything they had ever seen, so it couldn't be heaven. So...where were they?
“Gabe?” He then let out a chuckle, “ooh, he is probably fucking Sammy’s brains out.” Dean made a face at that.
“Very well my treasured.” Castiel agreed putting his two fingers up to Dean’s face, he struggled not knowing what the scar Cas was planning to do to him but when he did, he was suddenly in a large foyer.
“Dean, you could do what Robert did,” Castiel pointed out frowning as he thought of the grizzled old man who was like a father to his love as well as his love's brother who was at the same time his best friend and his brother's love. “Be the one who finds hunts for other hunters.”
He was there and seeing Dean walking out of the gas station Castiel hurried over to him, “Dean!” He got out before both he and the green-eyed hunter jumped into each other’s arms, “you’re okay.”
“I do know one couple. They live in Texas; she's really good at baking and he is good at making a relaxed place to work but not too relaxed.”
“Yeah Cas, yeah he is.” Dean agreed and grunted shaking his head. “Welp, looks like you are back in his life for thirty seconds and already have to apologize.” He began walking towards baby while Gabriel looked confused and raised an eyebrow.
“Gabe,” Sam managed to gasp out before Gabriel had pulled him into a kiss all but jumping up to him but he didn't jump up on him, he flew to him.
“Okay.” Dean seemed pleased with how Castiel was downing the tea, having not realized till then how thirsty he was. “So what happens you're in what? The 2010's?” He asked and Castiel nodded having Dean chuckle. “Well it hasn't happened to you yet, but later on I...I become Death.” He explains and Castiel looks at him with wide blue eyes. “Didn't you think it was strange I could wear Death's ring?” Dean asked with a chuckle playing with the ring that Castiel now realized he recognized it on his right hand. On his left was a golden band.
Dean was shocked, this wasn’t his Castiel, he knew, but he knew the man. He was his best friend, one of the few who ever earned that title, he trusted him. No Castiel, no matter the universe, could be evil. Plus, with how much he talked about love and care so much he didn’t strike him as evil, he was more like a lost little boy than an evil dictator. Maybe he could get through to him? Convince him to go back to his own universe, to dedicate himself to the family business, or go back to heaven or something? Hell, even keep searching through universes, surly one of them had to have a Dean who lost his Castiel? Something.
“I didn't know! I don't even know if they did bind your powers! It could have been a ritual like he said.” Dean pointed out and Sam scoffed starting to stalk to his older, shorter, brother. Gabriel frowned and tried to step in to calm him down which Sam just shrugged his hand off his shoulder, Castiel tried to step in front of Dean but the blonde pushed him aside. Of course he wouldn't be able to move Castiel if he didn't want to move, but the angel did as he wished.
“You know what I mean man, come on, why won’t you take me back?” Castiel hadn’t spoken of how he had lost his love and began searching for him. Nor about how he blamed Sam for Dean dying, even if he could never look at his hands and not see the things that took his Dean away.
“You know them, poppet?” Crowley questioned as the little girl hugged Dean's legs and the little baby managed to get to the group before Crowley picked him up and carried him over, handing him off to Sam.
“Hey kid, calm down, I’m not going to hurt you.” He promised, he was planning to leave but the kid just gave a fearful squeak.
Hell, he was shocked that Gabriel wasn't kicking his ass for dragging his baby brother down like this.
We do owe you an apology for turning Castiel and Gabriel invisible but really what choice do we have? The unresolved sexual tension between the Winchester Boys and Their Angels is so famous it even reached us! It reached witches!
As far as Gabriel was concerned, the choice had been made. Sam liked the building, Dean and Castiel agreed on it. This would be their cafe. He began making the accommodations that he would need to do to get the building. Of course with Sam and Dean's official wanting by the FBI and both being considered dead they would have to go over something else.
“My eyes are pretty?” Castiel asked and Sam was glad he was looking as he would miss the shy blush. That was...that was just adorable.
“Anything else I can get for you?” She offered but being told no she headed off to her other tables, or the kitchen. While she walked away though Castiel was glaring at her.
His hunter wasn’t here. Either he had been kidnapped or ran away, whichever way it was Dean was not here.
And just when had Dean started calling Castiel 'his' angel? Castiel wasn't his, definitely not like that. As close as they were they weren't like that. And the idea of that with anyone...he was 'emotionally stunted' as Sam called him but he was mostly especially considering that the most honest he had ever been with another normal person that wasn't a hunter or angel was with a girl searching for her baby brother saving him from a Wendigo.
Gabriel was back in a moment holding two food bags while Castiel had a tray of four to go cups. The brown bag was from a nearby diner that was more like a gastro pub then a diner and was more healthy then the greasy diners the brothers usually ate at. There were two chicken ceaser salads (Gabriel worried about Sam getting the protein that his mate needed) and Castiel had gotten two side salads (knowing that Dean needed more vegetables in his diet).
Castiel moved out of his way, he didn’t want to be away from Dean, why be away from him? He had him back, but he would have to worry later. He didn’t know if leaving Dean alone was the best idea, he knew how he hated to be alone, but keeping him close right now was a bad idea to. His precious hunter was not one to take kindly to people around when he decided he wanted alone time. Plus, as long as he stayed in the general vicinity of the house, he would be able to sense if Dean was in distress even with those markings on his ribs. More distress than he normally was in, the level of pain he was always in was displeasing to the deity’s eyes but he knew with some patience it would slowly work out, he was still new to all of this.
“Okay lets see what we need.” Dean hummed being happy that Castiel had a recipe as well, “let's see. Sugar? Salt? Brown sugar? Flour? Cinnamon? Ginger? Nutmeg? Lemon juice? Butter? Egg?” Dean asked and after each one Castiel held it up nodding and sighed pulling his sleeves up. “Okay, wash our hands and get to work.” Dean said and stopped Castiel, “dude trust me; lose the coat and pull your sleeves up.” He said and Castiel took off his coat and Dean, not able to let the opportunity to touch slip past him helped him by rolling Castiel's sleeves up for him.
His own eyes started to glow and Dean's eyes flashed black, it was not the black of when he was taken over by a demon but a more light black. When being a demon his eyes were like an oil slick but the flashing his eyes were being were like a night sky.
Sam himself was thinking about the same basics to. If Dean felt the comfort around Castiel that Sam felt around Gabriel he could understand why Dean would allow the angel of Thursday around him so often and just stare right into his eyes so much. He knew his brother didn't take kindly to people getting close to him. Of course he'd have a one night stand and would always comfort children that went through something supernatural assuring them they were safe. But with Castiel, Dean allowed him to get as close to him as he wanted, even if he would mention personal space once or twice he still allowed him to get as close as he wished.
Castiel moaned moving slightly faster and harder, and would worry when he was able to think a bit but by the sounds Dean was making, and the cute begging he was doing had Castiel doing more.
“So, you’re the one he keeps talking about?” The scarred being sneered, “you are the one who is holding my mate back from me?” He couldn’t believe it, this had to be a joke, a sick prank. Why would he be so fixated on this utter disgraceful version of him? He was a simple seraph, in that horrible trench coat, he was nothing compared to him. He could protect Dean, and make sure that he was safe and happy. Of course, Dean’s loyalty always inspired awe in him, but this was ridiculous.
“So, I’ll always have you, my beloved.” He whispered to the corpse, but it brought him no happiness. His Dean was gone.
“I'm more than just a pretty face and sweet ass baby, I might not read up on history just to but I do learn and remember things that are important.” Dean explained and Castiel smiled leaning up to press his lips to his husbands, stealing a sweet kiss.
Whatever he was doing was helping as he cooed in a language that Dean didn't know. “What do you mean?” He asked before shaking his head, “they are yours to, you should name one.”
For his part, Gabriel stood happily not moving looking uncomfortable with all three of their eyes on him. In fact if anything he seemed to preen under their attention.
“Wow, can’t believe I’m getting married.” Dean chuckled tugging at his tie while Castiel hummed, his bowtie slightly crooked.
“No, no, none of that.” Gabriel pouted finishing off one of the pies, “we get a day or two just to be with our mate before you two go to a new gig.”
“He likes you,” Gabriel hummed as Sam pet the dog laughing as it liked at his face and sniffed his hair, seeming to enjoy the coconut scented shampoo he used.
“I'm serious,” he continued when Dean scoffed. “People you would not think do, do love you.” Sam's eyes flashed to Castiel and the angel's blue eyes widened as he realized that Sam somehow knew how Castiel felt, but at least would stay quiet he hoped. Luckily Dean was looking away from him at the moment not doing well with the turn the conversation had turned. “And you have to know I'd do anything for you, jerk.” Dean let out a chuckle and took a few steps towards Sam, Gabriel moved his wings away from Sam, even though he wanted to just keep a hold of him, but could tell Dean meant no harm to the younger Winchester.
“It's about time you two got on with it.” Sam grinned and gave a raised eyebrow at Dean when he opened his mouth to argue. It was true, the amount of times that Dean and Castiel had held the poor moose suffering unresolved sexual tension. A lot of unresolved sexual tension.
I did not plan for this chapter to be so heavy but seriously we need to talk about Dean's mental health.
“Mael died?” Castiel never thought about it, but knew that some things would be different, “in my universe Mael is alive and Jahzara is with her.”
“You may be a different dimension, but you are the man that I fell in love with.” He hummed and remembered something, it was so simple, how could he not have thought of it before? “I think there is a failure in our communications adored.” Dean didn’t say anything, but he wasn’t saying anymore hurtful words at Castiel which the angel-turned-god took as a good sign.
“Yes. I never imagined having a mate would be like this.” Castiel smiled as he didn't think his mate would be human, only four or five of his brothers and sisters had a human mate it was so rare.
“I love you to,” it was even more rare but instead of making him feel possessive-angels are naturally possessive over their mates-it only made him happy. Sam glanced from Dean’s shoulder and chuckling held his hand out, Castiel hesitating took the offered hand and Sam pulled them into their brotherly embrace. He patted Dean’s back and Castiel’s as well before moving away from the still embracing lovers.
“Now tell me. What's bothering you?” Gabriel asked and Sam couldn't hold it back anymore and knew that Gabriel deserved the truth if nothing else so taking a fortifying deep breath and letting it out slowly. He'd have to tell the arch angel that somehow he had come to think of as just a much a part of him as Dean and Castiel were even if extremely different part.
“I didn't know that you felt that way Dean.” Castiel said and tried to find the way to sooth it, to let Dean understand that he did care. That every action he took was for Dean, even if it does usually blow up in his face. They did say the road to hell was paved with good intentions.
“Yeah...it felt...nice.” He managed to choke out feeling how easily this could become a chick flick.
“So not only will you lose me someday, but you’ll lose our kids to?” Dean said that so simply, like it would happen and Castiel froze, pulling Dean to his chest.
When they glanced in, they saw Dean’s back, it was obvious who he was but how? He was a demon, knight of hell, king of hell, it did not matter he was still a demon. So how had he gotten in. The man was leaning over something before straightening and turning around to grin. “Ah there you are. Sit down. Breakfast is almost ready, well I guess it’s not really breakfast time,” he laughed at that and the three looked between each other, it was Dean who managed to speak to his alternate.
Little two year old Dean was a strange child, but he was the apple of both his parents eyes. It was so hard to think that once upon a time they hated each others guts, slowly learning to love each other over time. Mary had something she didn't tell her husband since she never really thought about it, but she had been born with a innate sense. She used to trust it impeccably.
The middle third of the nest was left to be for them all. When someone came to see them; whether the sunshine yellow of Mary Winchester, the purple of Robert Singer, the violet of Violet Winchester, or the burnt umber of Jacob Winchester they would go there to see them, not to say that anyone was not allowed in the other two thirds of the nest just that the sides of the nest were made for either Dean and Castiel or Sam and Gabriel.
He was gone before he even thought about it, zooming through the air on his leathery wings before he even thought of it.
Dean was happy: he could make his home-made sawed-off shotguns and homemade EVPs but at the same time he could have some yellow Playtex gloves to wash up. Castiel was blissful, he had his Dean, they were able to spend their time being together and Castiel continued to learn more and more about being human. He got to make sure that his siblings, who might recognize him as no longer an angel his powers could rival god himself, who was gone now and so Castiel took to making sure that the angels would not cause problems and did not cause them any troubles.
Especially with how strangely clingy the arch angel was being. However Castiel still stopped him from going foreword and though he was obviously unhappy and the way he looked at Castiel allowing him to see exactly how much he did not like this but remained quiet.
Dean watched over Sam checking him and Sam groaned, “Dean, leave me alone; I'm fine jerk.” Sam groaned cradling the back of his head where he had gotten hurt and ignoring where he was bruised across his ribs where the vampire had attacked him.
A picture of him with a bee resting on his nose, his head tipped up to hold the bee easily, his eyes closed.
“You’ve got me confused for another Castiel, there are millions of different universes and most have their o-“ he cut off as a palm went over his mouth.
But first he had to find him, not only was the particular angel bastard he was searching for hiding his tracks monumentally better than he had bothered. There was no scar in the chasms of the fabric of time and space but the one he had used to enter was still here. Which meant the angel hadn’t left, considering he had never stayed longer than a few days, considering how similar the two scars in reality always were but this one was a good week old if not more. Which meant that he hadn’t left.
“Do not say that you do take care of yourself, you eat and do sleep but you need to take time to take a break. To allow yourself to take a breather and recharge.”
Castiel groaned flying along the woods, he wasn’t there, he wasn’t in any of the nearby towns. Where was his Dean?!
“Okay huggy bear, get the flour and salt in a bowl and mix it.” He could trust Castiel to do it while he got out the butter and a knife. Once Castiel had mixed it he put the stick into it and taking Castiel's hand over the knife showed him as he began cutting into it. Castiel didn't question what he was doing and instead allowed him to do so. Dean began adding a bit of water as Castiel picked up the wooden spoon again stirring it until Dean had seen it was enough as it became a ball of dough.
“What happened?” Sam asked stroking Gabriel's hair who had moved down and was now snuggling against his dear moose.
“No, not you Sammy, I mean like the other version of you, like scar face and eyeless. There is me and Cas but what about you?”
“Hey you two, Cas and I were just thinking of running out and getting something to eat, I don't much feel like cooking. Any requests?” Gabriel asked and Castiel looked at him and was about to question it but Gabriel began talking to. “Salad and tea, cheeseburger and coke.” He added and having the nod there was a flutter of wings as he disappeared and Castiel followed him not even half a second later.
Sam hadn't thought about it in years but suddenly he saw it and wished they had a different life. He wished that Dean could have dreamed, He sighed and his thoughts didn't change anything.
sides. Dean did not know if it was because of who he was or because he was raised and trained to be a hunter more than he ever was a kid, but he was claustrophobic; agoraphobic to but he was slightly better with agoraphobia. What he hated more than closed in spaces or wide-open spaces that are easy to be attacked in was being held down. Being pinned down was an extreme no for Dean Winchester. He immediately started to squirm, more just silently letting Castiel to let him go than really trying to get away.
How had he never thought about any of this? What kind of brother did that make him? Hell, what kind of person did that make him?
Castiel pushed forward trying to give him just one punch but was frozen and looked shocked at his arm, Sam had stopped it. How? Sam might be a witch now but when even plenty of gods could not come near him and yet Sam…
Dean grinned as he entered the bunker with his best friend Castiel, who was now newly promoted from best friend to lover. He was still kind of shock to see Gabriel, he was for the longest time to only be an alley but to be considered someone who would be a friend, part of their family, and his brother’s lover was shocking. But it wasn’t like the bunker was tight on space, as long as he kept from pranking Dean, he was good. He was not going to prank him for a while at least, he knew how much Sam adored Dean and after finding out about what happened being Castiel killing Dean it didn’t take Gabriel a lot to figure out that was what took the alternate version of Sam to be such a being of hatred and revenge.
“I’m well aware of that Sammy, but I still want to check it out, at least for a little while.” He shrugged, “I’m going to be heading out soon, I didn’t get back my necklace yet, but I wanted to make a meal first.”
“And you agreed?!” Gabriel gasped, though he didn't have the easy understanding of Dean like he did with Sam. With Sam it was like he had always known him, Dean he always viewed as being similar to himself. He'd never agree to killing a hunger brother of his, or younger sister for that matter but of course Dean had no sisters.
“Crowley. The king of hell. Caring about a catholic thing?” Dean was mocking him but he just smiled.
“Oh perfect!” He grinned happily and Castiel looked at him even more worried, he knew his husband, and knew that even before all this happened that Dean had a lot of crazy ideas. He was good at it and was resourceful but still…
“Shall we commune again?” Castiel asked and Dean felt his heart rate pick up and he curses himself mentally for doing that but shook his head. He was looking away so didn't see Castiel's wings-which was all but a constant showing of his true feelings-almost deflate.
When Castiel found Dean he frowned, this wasn’t Dean, he focused to read the woman’s mind. Deanna Winchester, Castiel didn’t like the idea of her, she wasn’t his Dean. He’d leave the woman with her sister and Castie or whoever. She was not right. He wouldn’t be seen by this Deanna but couldn’t help but hope she would be happy. He could see parts of his Dean in her and wanted happiness for her. As well as those who she loved.
Which he would tell himself until the day he died, no matter how much lying he was doing to himself.
Driving along the winding roads he paused taking in the view of the mountains, the volatile organic compounds released from the vegetation blanketing everything into a fog that looked like smoke. The fog…it reminded him so much of his wedding day.
“Really? I'm not too great at naming things Cas.” Dean tried to deflect but was cut off by his mate.
He pulled his clothing off, dropping these things which he once loved, and Dean had viewed as part of him were now part of Dean’s death. He had made it as a point for angels to not go against him, any being he killed were not just dead and sent to Purgatory, the Empty, Perdition or Heaven or anywhere else, they were gone.
One second Gabriel and Castiel had been in Heaven, in their true forms talking to their brothers and sisters and the next they were screaming and they were by Sam and Dean's sides. Their bodies side. Sam and Dean, the people who they loved, were long gone.
“Shut up Gabe.” Dean growled out not wanting anyone to make Castiel feel uncomfortable, and seeing how scared he looked at the brothel he wasn't going to let anyone scare him like that. He got up and moved to pull out some pants that weren't denim. His legs were chaffing for far too much for him to wear jeans again. “So what happened?” Dean asked as he moved to the bathroom and left the door open,changing behind the door.
“I can never sleep,” Castiel replies, his lips quirking up. His mother doesn't laugh, only glances down with her lips pressed in a thin line. The silence between them is thick. Castiel swallows, staring into his cup. It was the wrong thing to say, and he knows it. He picks up his pen and fiddles with it between his middle two fingers.
Before the mouth of the room there stretches a long hallway with red carpet. The lights are dim but not dark, and a gentle piano music plays from a sound system somewhere. Castiel is there. Castiel is in there. Dean wants to vomit. He wants a cigarette. He wants Castiel. Another man in a suit comes up to them. He has oval glasses and a face free of wrinkles, save for a sharp crease between his brows. He gives her a half-smile at Adra and shakes her free hand.
He stares, tired eyes going wide. Dean drops to the floor, collapsing at Cas’ feet. His breath comes in shallow, heaving sobs.
“Ch’yeah it is. She’s not too keen on most people knowing, but she wanted you guys to come.” Ellen’s eyes sparkle. “Ash, too, but he had a thing.”
“Uh.” Dean glances down at the paper. “Yeah. F-- sh-- crap, I forgot the quotes, uh, but you guys get the idea, right?” Most of the class looks bored, but a few of them agree. The teacher nods, and makes some notes on a paper.
Dad made it back to his bedroom some time in the night, Dean gathers by the lack of John on the couch. Sam hands him a plate of French toast that's nearly swimming in syrup.
At the hospital, they pour out of the car like it’s on fire. Adra flashes her ID to the front desk and the woman behind it nods them down the hall. She was there the night they’d brought Castiel in. They’re go to the same room they left Cas in last night, with a little TV hanging from the ceiling and a multitude of machines beeping and whirring around the bed. There’s a couple of chairs beside Castiel. In one, his trenchcoat has been folded up, and the Winchester’s Star Wars DVDs sit on top. In the other sits Sam, his hands folded in prayer. Castiel’s eyes are closed, but his chest rises and falls slowly. He stirs when they come in.
But if the way Jess plops herself down on the mattress is any indication, she doesn't mind at all. He lies down next to her, watching her curl a strand of her hair around her finger.
Shadows crash over Dean's face like a wave, making his eyes glint in the darkness. Cas inhales slowly, feeling the air go all the way down his lungs. Dean smiles. Neither one moves, neither one makes a sound. They don't have to.
"I..." Words fail him. Cas stares anywhere but Dean: the coils on the stove have gone from blisteringly hot to stark cold since Cas finished his cup of tea, the leaves on the trees outside are blowing up into tiny tornados on the ground. It reminds Cas of something. "I have something to show you." Cas' arm brushes Dean's as he walks past and Cas forgets how to breathe again.
before stopping. He deletes the texts, pocketing his phone. Instead, he takes up a pen and jots a note in the margin of the paper.
It's then that Jace walks in, swinging her hips like she was born to. On any other day, it would send Dean reeling, but today he barely notices. He taps his foot on the leg of his desk, but stops short. He cracks his knuckles when they start to shake.
John rises quicker than he should have. John and Sam glare daggers into each other from across the room.
. Sam slides his on to the coffee table, while Dean drops his in front of the television with a loud clang.
“Hey dad,” Dean calls, grabbing a couple of Cokes out of the fridge and handing one to Sammy. Dad, he realizes, is fast asleep.  A half-empty beer can rests between his elbow and the arm of the couch.  Dean grimaces, setting the can on the coffee table.
Instead, he takes out his notebook, falling apart with information and sticky-note reminders all written in his even, blue handwriting. He coughs, mucus and salt heavy in his mouth, and tries to focus on the lesson at hand: lifespan and brain development.
"To do what, Joanna Beth? Get shot up in some rusty back alley?" Ellen argues, gripping her fork knuckle-white. Dean's surprised the utensil doesn't fold right in half. "Is that really where you want to be?"
"No, I mean it, Sam. What the hell? You were just fine last night, then I get up this morning and you're-- You're--" he's grasping at thin air, he knows. Dean sighs, taking his hands off the wheel and putting one on Sam's shoulder. He tries again. "Sammy, c'mon." He doesn't know what he's asking exactly, but anything is better than this.
Dean hurries to the cabinet, hearing Sam clamber in to the kitchen behind him. He knows Sam is watching him dig through the pantry for Saltines.
“Yeah,” Sam says. Jess gives him a smile before fiddling with the sheet on the canvas. Her hair falls in ringlets over her shoulders. Her shirt is a rosey v-neck that brings out the pinkness in her skin, overlaid with a long black cardigan. She has a smudge of jelly on her cheek that she hasn’t cleaned off. Sam loves her. Sam really, really loves her.
I could track tumblr tags if anyone would be interested? My tumblr url is dragongem! Shoot me a message or somefin.
“Maybe because you've conditioned us not to whine about anything, while you're fucking around feeling sorry for yourself!”
His hand shakes, still bright red from the cold, when he grabs a bottle of painkillers and stuffs it into his empty pocket. He thinks about finding his inhaler, but he forgets about it the moment he hears his mother creak by on the stairs.
He runs back. The solid wood doors are closed, and an attendant stands to the side. They’re dark doors with curved patterns cut into them, and a shiny brass handle. When Cas hears clapping, he pulls the door. It’s heavy.
Jess is elsewhere by the time Sam gets to the doorway of Dean's room. Castiel hasn't moved, still with his trenchcoat tucked underneath him and his journal in hand.
Sam thinks. It makes something settle uneasily in his stomach, so he just turns his attention back to the sermon.
"This one time, it was like, mid-October, and it was snowing for all it was worth outside. Dad was griping about it for ages, 'cause we got caught in a load of traffic. You were crying and crying over, I don't know, baby things, and we couldn't get you to shut up. I think Dad was ready to throw you out the window, until he had the bright idea of singing Christmas songs. I don't know why, it was October, but it was the last thing we could think of. So Mom and me joined in and then you wouldn't stop giggling. We got you to sleep with Jingle Bell Rock, man. It was great."
The timer on the toaster oven clicks away, sizzling the french fries to crisp, crunchy goodness. A few minutes ago, Sam had nudged Dean to flip them. Thank God, otherwise they would’ve been a lopsided, potatoey mess. That would be the worst fucking tragedy in the world.
“What else is family for if they can’t know your embarrassing secrets?” Dean snarks. Ellen laughs, an open, full-body thing.
”Many churches today will try to tell you to love the sinner and hate their sins. But that is not what God would want for them, no. You can not love someone until you accept them entirely, for all their differences and all their faults. The other day, a beloved friend of mine came to me and told me that she is getting married.” A few ‘aww’s ripple through the crowd. “She asked me if I would be the one to bless their union, and I agreed right out. But she still seemed afraid, like there was something else.” Sam feels Castiel tense beside him. “She told me her partner was a woman.” A murmur goes through the crowd. “And I told her,” he pauses, giving a smile to the same place, just to the left of Sam. To Castiel. “I told her the same thing I tell everyone before their wedding. That love is very brave. That loving someone, even in time like these that may seem very dark, that is what makes us more than human. That is where God is. God is love, and love can be the beacon that guides us through life, no matter who or what is at the end of it, be it man, woman, or otherwise. And love can never be wrong.”
Castiel looks over to his desk, where a dozen or more letters have been sorted and organized in the drawers. He blinks, looking back to Dean. Dean is absently twirling the ring on his finger, staring down at the photograph in front of Castiel.
“I suppose it can be though of that way.” Castiel muses. He stares at the page in front of him, trying to contemplate it. But he only gets static. He knows death too well: it is nothing like a release. Castiel hears someone approaching from behind him. Looking up, he sees Dean grinning at someone behind Castiel.
. He tears the top off greedily. A couple of photos fall out : girl with long red hair wearing a suit of armor stands next to a darker skinned girl in a purple dress, both of them smiling. The back is labeled “Charlie and Gilda” in Sharpie, with a heart next to it. Dean smiles when he reads it. The other photo is of him and Charlie, the red head, last time he saw her about six months ago. He's wearing some costume chain mail and face paint, full-body laughing at something his friend had said, the sunlight behind him making the whole photo glow orange. He longs for the smell of firewood and the hot, dry air of Charlie's hometown. He doesn't see her nearly enough.
Sometimes he and Adra sit and talk afterwards. Gabe is adjusting well, Dean picks his fur off of every flat surface in the house. Adra and him install shelves for Gabe to climb on all through the living room, even clearing a space off the massive bookshelf for the cat. Castiel’s medecine disappears from the table. Only a handful of them stay behind. One afternoon Dean is looking for floss, and there it is on the shelf behind the mirror, a dead green inhaler. Dean doesn’t leave the bathroom for twenty minutes, sinking onto the closed toilet and biting sobs into his fist. Then he gets up and washes his face. So it goes. Some nights Adra invites him to stay for dinner, and he does. Sometimes Sam comes along, sometimes he doesn’t. This is one of the times Sam doesn’t.
Sam offers them their last course, but Dean and Cas both decide to wait on dessert. Dean looks at Cas, then at Sam, and then at just how small the kitchen is with all three of them together. He cocks his head at Cas.
Dean’s day starts with Gabe clawing holes in his favorite t-shirt, and Sam handing him a plate stacked with three slices of French toast. In the middle of his third slice, Dean feels a warm hand clamp down on his shoulder. He almost chokes.
”Hell no, dude, you’re comin’ with me.” Dean sounds insistent. Something in Cas’ sleepy heart shudders. He swallows, standing up on shaky legs. Dean stands up next to him, stretching and scratching at his stomach. Without warning, Dean strips his shirt off and tosses it on top of his duffel bag in the corner. Cas looks away. His face is hot. “Now we’re even.” Cas looks back at the boy, who gestures to Cas’ bare torso.
“You can't keep having Dean do all this crap for you!” Dean hears. He walks out of the room to find Sam standing in front of the coffee table with arms gripped over his chest. John is sitting up on the couch with an expression that makes Dean shudder while standing completely still. “I mean, seriously!” Sam goes on, “You come home drunk off your ass and order Dean and me around like soldiers!”
Castiel finds Dean the moment he walks back through the door. Something is troubling him; his eyebrows are furrowed and he is staring down at something in his lap. He looks up to give Castiel a smile, but it is shaky. Jo and Ash, however, seem utterly unphased.
Eventually Dean pops off to squirt a cool, clear liquid into his palm, and then onto Cas’ dick. Strawberry lube, Dean tells him, tugging hard at Castiel.
, right? Everyone at that school is a fucking professional! I don’t get it!” Cas says nothing. “I mean, I took dance with Jo for a few years, sure, but I’m not the greatest thing since Star Trek IV.”
Jace's mom lives right down the road from Dean's trailer park, in a white townhouse. Dean shakes his head and blinks a few times to get back into it. When they roll up to the townhouse, Jace kisses him, the taste of chapstick and marijuana still thick on her lips.
Jess pulls off the sheet. Sam gasps. It’s unfinished, more than half of it still thick pencil smudges, but it’s unmistakable. Castiel in dark charcoal, curled in over himself. His lungs, a brilliant blue, are visible through his chest. He has wings growing from his back, the feathers all different shades of yellow, orange, and red. Like a comet.
"Shit!" They hear Dean exclaim. Castiel whips around to see the top half of the Christmas tree in flames, smoke billowing up to the low ceiling. Castiel coughs, the air in the trailer growing thick.
The church they park at is only a few minutes down the road. It’s made of stone and there are three steps up to the front door.
A hundred different emotions swarm Castiel's chest, making his throat feel suddenly very small. Dean doesn't seem to notice, gesturing around the rest of the house broadly.
Held firm against his friend, Sam weeps. Loud, childish sobs echo through the garden. Sam’s glasses cut into Cas’ shoulder. Cas pushes them up to Sam’s forehead. Dean comes forward and presses into both of them. Castiel is grateful for the warmth, the solid presence that is Dean Winchester. Castiel coughs.
“Fuck, Cas, don't do that!” Dean accuses. He swoops down to pick up the lighter and pocket it. Cas mutters an apology. “S'fine. Just warn a guy next time.” he unlocks the car.
“Don’t boy me! The only reason you’re fucking here is because Bobby chased you out with a shotgun on your ass.”
Dean’s door creaks open and Dean wrapped in a bathrobe shuffles to the bathroom. A burst of Aerosmith bleeds into the living room, but it’s gone as soon as Dean’s door shuts. Dean’s hair is a mess and his eyes are puffy. Sam turns away. Then he turns back.
Dean scrubs his face with his dry hands, feeling a few prickles of stubble on his otherwise smooth face. He runs a hand through his short hair, contemplating whether or not he should put jeans on before going out to meet his brother. He decides to throw on a pair crumpled in the corner, holes worn in the knees. Some oil stains permanently accent the pockets, though he's long forgotten they were there. The calendar on his wall glares at him like he's forgetting something important. He ignores the tug in his gut.
Dean crouches down and starts to stack up the old books that are scattered across the floor. Most of them are falling apart, or the covers are so faded only a look inside could tell you what they are. And even then, at least half of them are in French, or Japanese. There's a small blue book, buried under some anthology or another, that jumps out at Dean. Wispy gold letters shine on the cover, despite the obvious wear on the rest of the book.
“I’m sorry, uh,” He says, and the woman’s name escapes him. Pamela, she tells him, “I gotta go, Pamela, Adra.” And he leaves, moving passed the clusters of people, passed Jo sitting at the island with Charlie and Ash, to Sam curled up in the corner by the bookshelf. He nudges the chair with his foot, and Sam blinks. Dean tells him he’s leaving, he can’t do this, and to get a ride back with Jo or Charlie. Sam looks at him and his hand twitches, but Dean sees him make a decision, nod, and curl back up. Dean thanks him silently.
”Are you kidding? Bobby will talk about food for hours, he gave Miss Novak a call a few days ago and I got the recipe from him.”
“Language.” Dean clips. He drums the steering wheel with his hands, a bead of sweat sliding down his neck.
Somewhere along the prayer, Castiel had pressed his hands close to him, so Sam’s palm was clasped against his chest, feeling the rhythm of Castiel’s heartbeat. Castiel breathes as deep as he can. Sam follows the rise and fall of Cas’ chest with his eyes, even when Castiel turns away and coughs. They sit like this until the prayer fades from their mouths. Eventually, Castiel shivers.
John’s bedroom door is shut tight and there’s no light shining under it. Sam pauses. There’s a pen and a blank pad of paper on the kitchen table.
Sam watches him close the toaster door, check his phone --nothing--, and check his phone again as soon as he pockets it. Nothing. Damn it. Sam starts to ask something, but is interrupted by a rough voice.
"Yeah, and poptarts." Dean raises his plastic cup. "Here's to a slightly better meal." They clink plastic across the table. Sam takes a sip and swallows.
Dean looks utterly disgusted, directly at Castiel. It makes him want to vomit. “Maybe I just haven’t wanted to sleep lately,” Dean leers.
"Don't worry about him, Miss Novak, we've got it covered." Dean assures her, giving a salute. To Cas' surprise, Adra smiles.
“I moved the--” Dean reaches over to grabs the can off the table, just as John starts to reach for it. Dean jerks back like he's been burned, letting John grab the can.
“I’m just saying, if you’re forcing me to wear a monkey suit, I at least deserve to know why!” Sam whines, tugging at the collar of his crisp, thrifted white shirt. His hair is pulled back into a ponytail and he has a thick, purple scarf piled in his lap. “Also, will you ever fix your fucking car?”
“Father Jim blessed this fountain,” Castiel says. The dark water ripples at his touch, “I asked him to after a friend of mine passed away.”
The credits of the movie roll a while later, and coupled with several more empty beer bottles that lay across the floor. The three older teens are giggling to themselves over something they don't know why is funny, while Sam busies himself with sorting out a bed for the cat. Gabriel curls himself up in the torn-up sweater that Sam lay down for him, purring. In his haze, Dean thinks maybe he could get used to the bugger.
"Dad," Sam turns his attention back to John. Dean's stomach goes from swelling to squeezing in two seconds flat. "This is my girlfriend Jess." John looks up from his empty plate and squints at Sam.
"You gonna stand there all day, boy?" Bobby asks, not looking up from his soup. Dean flinches. "At least taste this, wouldja?" He obliges, strolling over to his uncle, who holds a ladleful of soup up to his mouth. Dean slurps down warm chicken broth with chunks of carrots and a few other vegetables. Bobby's cooking almost makes Dean like vegetables. Almost. He nods at Bobby, feeling the soup warm him all the way down.
“Ah. Right. I've nearly lost track of all your--” she sighs heavily, “I believe it's in the upstairs medicine cabinet.”
Sam moves a pawn one space diagonally right, taking Cas' knight. He tries to keep his smile down when he plucks the piece off the board.
Dean laughs anyway. It's nearly two in the morning by then. Dean is about to shoot Cas a message saying he's really got to get to sleep, when a poem shows up in his inbox. Something about raindrops and spiders and other pretty words he can't quite process any more. He hits send anyway, hoping Cas isn't up too much later than him. He doesn't want to leave the kid alone. But his eyes shut of their own accord, and he's asleep before he sees a reply.
”Anyways,” Ruby clears her throat, bringing Dean back to the present. “I’ll get your usual orders on the grill and then Charlie, you can tell me all about this nice young lady of yours.” Her ponytail swishes behind her as she does.
Dean’s eyes are soft, and his brows are peaked in a worry triangle. “Fuck, Cas.” And he kisses him fervently, open-mouthed, wet. Cas responds in kind, snaking a hand up to cup Dean’s jaw, and another to squeeze his shoulder. Dean makes a small noise, not entirely pleasured.
“Yes,” She says after a moment of thought. She looks up at Dean, her sunken eyes meeting his. He knows she sees the grey bags under his eyes, the thin line of his mouth. But he sees the fading crease of her laugh lines, the purse of her lips. He blinks rapidly a few times.
"Hey Sam." Jess' voice is quiet. She leans closer to him and Sam's heart starts to beat faster. There's an edge in her tone. "You know you're not a freak, right?"
“What's this? You tryin' to fatten me up, eh Sammy?” Dean chides, grabbing some utensils from the drawer.
scrawled across it flutters out. He catches it between his fingers, pressing it back into the front cover of the book. For the life of him, Castiel can't remember when he wrote it.
." He huffs. "And trust me, I know a lot about not being okay." But Dean doesn't know. He has no idea, not like this.
"Dean." Adra interrupts him. "Yes, Castiel is doing fine. You do not need to worry." There's a pause, like she's leaning the phone away for a minute. "It is just a routine check-up, he has those from time to time. The doctor said he's doing well."
“Castiel was a great… A great guy,” She starts, “We would have lunch together at school, and Ash would have some kind of conspiracy he cooked up over the weekend. Cas would listen for a while and nod, and he’d have a comeback so sharp, Ash would thrown his hands up and admit defeat,” A couple people in the crowd chuckle, “Ash said Cas must’ve stolen his notes, somehow, but I think he was just that smart,” She pauses, shutting her eyes and swallowing hard. “I never had a brother. Thanks to my mom, Ellen, I never needed one. But Cas was… He was pretty fuckin’ close, you know? He was pretty fuckin’ close.” She looks down at the podium, her mouth tilted into something like a smile. After a minute, she steps down. Everyone claps.
"I can't keep track of everything you read, so I figure I'd play it safe," Dean comments. Sam's grinning at him ear to ear.
Ash leans over the arm of the couch to grab a forgotten slice of pizza, and nearly falls over. Dean puts a hand on his shoulder to steady him.
Sam turns back to his friend, who’s pulling something out from under his shirt. His rosary, blue and glittering in the light. He passes it over to Sam, crucifix swinging like a pendulum. There are letters etched into the beads.
“For now, yes,” Adra answers. Her voice is rough. Dean wonders if she’s been crying already. Jealousy curls in Dean’s gut at the thought. He hasn’t cried yet. He tried, in the hospital room clutching Castiel’s coat. He tried in the bathroom surrounded by Castiel’s scent and the sticky shower steam. He tried in the Novak’s living room, when Adra asked him to help turn photos the right way around in their frames. They sifted through which ones to keep up and which ones to pack away until after the reception. He tried. Nothing.
"Make yourself at home, Cas." Dean offers. But Cas can't tear his gaze away from Dean's face, the way the muscles in his jaw work when he smiles, and of course, the cigarette resting behind his ear.
"This year's yer turn, Sammy," Dean barely gets out through his howls of laughter. Sam rolls his eyes hard.
"Uh, my partner isn't here," Dean tells her. She frowns, flipping through some papers on a clipboard.
Adra is waiting patiently for Castiel when he finally makes it down to the front door. He grits his teeth, hoping the sweet Christmas pine and holly can cover the tobacco scent rolling off him. But the way her nose crinkles tells him otherwise. They don't say a word until they're in the car.
The couch could be a mirror reflecting right down the middle, with Sammy on one side and Cas on the other. Sammy's sitting with a book in his lap, and Cas is scrawling away in the first pages of his notebook. Dean almost asks what he's writing, but he figures Cas will tell him if it's important. The sun has risen a great deal since Dean stumbled out of bed; now the whole living room is brightly lit. Snow is still falling heavily outside. Sam yawns, shifting in his seat. Dean kicks his feet up to rest on the table, his hands behind his head. Stew sits comfortably in his stomach, spreading the warmth to all of his limbs.
Before Cas lies down, before he cans top himself, he leans over and presses his lips to the middle of Dean’s forehead. In his sleep, Dean smiles. When Cas pulls away, he feels like his lips are burning in the very best way.
Dean laughs. It’s an honest laugh, but it’s too high in his throat, too constricted by what he doesn’t want to let out.
"Of course." Castiel answers without thinking about it. With a grateful huff, Sam strips off the offending sweater and hands it to Cas. Cas looks around for a minute before heading in to the closest bedroom, Dean's. The walls are covered in posters and the floor is covered in junk. Cas even forgets how badly he smells of tobacco when he sniffs, his nose assaulted with the scent of cheap beer and rotting food.
Castiel is standing in the doorway, his cheeks pink from the cold. He has a blue scarf wrapped around his neck and he’s wearing a Led Zeppelin shirt that Sam is sure he’s seen on Dean before.
His phone nearly burns a hole in the fabric of his jeans as he makes his way around the building. He wants to cut his next class, English, to give Bobby a ring, but his last test grade, barely a C, advises him against it. He doesn't need to give his dad any more of a reason to be angry. With a sigh, he makes his way.
he wants to beg the boy, even though he only expects and insult to come from him. The silence is awful.
Cas feels it burning on the inside of his lips, the desire to lean over and press himself against Dean's skin. His hand on Cas' shoulder is warm, so very warm, and Cas feels it all the way through his body. The thought surprises him, his heart starting to pound once again. Dean's grip on his shoulder tightens.
"So? You remember when we found that dog, right? What dad did?" Dean's lip twitches, but he doesn't break.
”Dean, come on. It was Mrs. Bradbury’s idea, anyway. I think she wants to see you more than Charlie does!” Jo says.
A pen sticks out from between his two pointer fingers. Most of the ink has been used up, leaving the plastic cartridge inside. He watches intently as he twirls it between his fingers. The clear plastic warps the view when he tries to look through it. He squints, then stops; getting a headache is not on his list of things to be done today.
“How are you, Adra?” Dean asks, unable to stop himself. He takes a big swallow of water while he waits for her to scowl, or yell, or simply ignore his question. But she doesn’t. She scratches Gabe for a moment longer, and looks back to Dean with peaked eyebrows and a trembling lip.
”Gilda,” she introduces herself, holding out her hand. Ruby takes it and leads them to their booth. Dean sits across from the two girls, who have started holding hands again.
“Cas, what’s going on?” Sam asks, his voice wavering. The fingers on his book tighten until they’re white.
Note: I originally uploaded this chapter a couple of days ago, but since have added a scene and decided to reupload it.
Castiel puffs his inhaler. The fluorescent lights of the kitchen are quickly overpowering the daylight.
”When he died, I… Everywhere I turned, there was mourning. I couldn’t escape it. It made me realize that I did not want anyone to feel that way because of me, I wouldn’t be able to handle it.” Castiel feels like the weight of an entire ocean has drained out of him. “I did not want to cause any more pain.”
“Hey, Castiel was the real meat lover. That boy was in-sa-tia-ble, let me tell you,” Dean says, drawing out each syllable. His chest loosens when Sam ducks his head. Sam huffs and gives Dean something like a smile, “I’m telling it like it is, Sammy.” Dean says, a ghost of a laugh huffing from his mouth.
”Thank you, Jo.” He feels himself relax a fraction. He sits down and unzips his lunch bag, taking out some overcooked tortellini and incredibly rubbery string beans, his addition to the potluck.
“Uh. Sort of,” He says. He pulls his phone out, flipping through his photos until he finds it. An outline from the tattoo artist. It’s a pair of wings, spreading from his shoulder blades out to his biceps, but instead of feathers it’s flowers, all different colors, all from different generations of Eden. Hydrangeas, big blue ones, budding closest to his spine. Slender lilies of varying shades, veiny orchids, rich lavender. Several others speckled in with the rest. And forget-me-nots tapering down to his elbow. Vines twine them together.  Castiel’s life project, embedded into Dean’s skin. Adra scans it for a moment, mouthing a few words.
”Sure do,” Dean muses. He probably still has glitter in his hair from the confetti cannon. “You gonna take Gilda this year?” They make eye contact in the mirror.
Sam nods attentively, licking his lips once Castiel stops reading. It's a long moment before he can speak. He repeats the thought from earlier:
is on the Sunday after it. Sam wants to rip the calendar down. He fingers at the rosary around his neck, “Actually, could any of you make it here after school? You can take my bus, Mr. Delacroix won’t mind. Uh, bus 214.”
Taking a large swig of his soda, he checks to see that Sammy's doing okay. He all but forgets his worksheet the next time he gets a text.
Some shadow orcs whoop and holler as he stumbles off to the infirmary tent. Dean’s throat feels like it’s doused in hot liquor. He gnashes his teeth all the way into the tent.
Chapter warnings: alcohol, sensuality (kissing), conversation of terminal illness, mentions of animal death, mentions of parent death and parental abandonment
The rest of the performances are wonderful. One man sings a solo from a French opera that Castiel saw one time in France. This man did a much better job than the scrawny white man they’d chosen for the part. Cas spots him in the crowd while they’re waiting for Jo, and tells him such.
"No." He tries to spit the taste out, but it only grows. "Only what Dean tells me sometimes, and even then." Sam tries to brush it off. "What about you? You live with your mother, right?" It's Castiel's turn to freeze. He stiffens, straightening his back. It reminds Sam of Dean.
"How formal of you. Maybe you'd like to run an extra mile, just for that?" Brady's eyes don't come up off the floor. He mumbles something even Sam can barely hear. "Excuse me?" Ice echoes.
”I see you did fine with the vinegar,” he sniffs dismissively. Castiel stares at the shot glasses, upside-down on the counter, a couple of drops of vinegar still clinging to the sides.
"Yeah, I sure don't wanna be here when the demons to show up," Dean smirks, looking up at the ceiling. Castiel wonders vaguely if that's a joke he's not meant to understand. "You got a ride?" Dean looks at Castiel.
The first thing he does it remove his squelching shoes and leave them to dry over the air vent. Even in his bare feet, his footsteps echo. There's a box of Kraft macaroni and cheese waiting for him in the kitchen. He paces around while waiting for the water to boil, pausing at the back door. Eden stands limply, flooding the plants with more water than they'll ever need. No small creatures are scampering around: they're all, hopefully, tucked away safe in their homes. Castiel searches for their tiny heart beats in the dark, praying that every one of them is alright.
, and other novels. He picks up a book of short stories, one he knows he can get through before he has to get up in the morning.
“Don’t understand? I understand a fuck lot more than you do, Dad,” Dean spits back. He shoves his father. John stumbles. “You think Mom wanted this? You think she’d be proud of you, you lazy, alcoholic burnout?”
Sam manages to put on the heaviest scarf he owns and zip up his jacket by the time Dean stumbles out of his bedroom, one arm through a shirt sleeve.
Sam's room has a bookshelf pushed up under the windowsill, in the same place Dean has a stack of beer cans and an old pair of jeans. Dean tosses some books up onto the bed, straightening up the rest of the books that are spilling off the shelf.
Clothes disappear faster than smoke. Jace's skin feels warm and slick, and Dean wants to taste the ink of her tattoo. He can feel the air thrumming and his own heart beating in his chest. There's a row of condoms in the back seat that Jace opens with her teeth. If Dean wasn't hard before, he is now.
The trap-door entrance to his room opens with a creak. The ladder tumbles out and just barely scrapes the floor below. Castiel disregards it entirely and lands with a thud that rattles the floor. The kitchen is two floors below. He stops in the bathroom on the second floor to pop a couple of his pills and take a long swallow of water. Down in the kitchen, there's a loaf of bread left out on the counter and the milk jug is nearly empty. Castiel runs his fingertips along the marble countertop, picking up an apple from a fruit basket and biting into it.
The locker room is already alive with chatter and the chocking stench of Axe body spray. Sam's eyes water when he first walks in. He rubs them until he sees colors behind his eyelids.
As gently as he can, so as not to disturb the silence further, he drops to his knees. The floorboards are well worn; he runs his finger along the once-shined-up wood, already having memorized all the scrapes and scratches along the floor. He stops as he feels the indent he's looking for.
"Dean," Castiel takes a deep breath, thinking back to Thanksgiving night. "Have you ever heard of cystic fibrosis?" Dean's face twists, thinking.
Sam plops down on his bed, keeping one eye on the clock beside him, and dives into the book. The spine cracks and the smell of worn-out pages fills him.
”Oh,” Cas stops, as if he just realized Sam may not know. “I am sorry, Sam. After mass, I enjoy spending some time here.” He gestures to the headstones around them. One of them has a flower pot laying on it’s side in front of it. Sam rushes over to put it right-side up. “It is very peaceful.” There’s a gust of wind that kicks up some leaves into a small tornado. The sunlight shines a cold blue haze over everything. “I haven’t been here in a long time. I hope you do not mind.” Castiel coughs.
One of the trailers in Dean’s neighborhood still has their Christmas lights up, dangling unlit in the late afternoon light. Cas treads slowly between the houses. He coughs several times along the way, even stopping once to collect himself. His hand never leaves Dean’s arm. It’s years of slow, trudging steps until they reach the bench, shrouded in trees. It’s the same bench they sat at months ago, when Castiel admitted the first time he was sick. Where they went after their first date. Dean would take the frosty cold, the wind stuck in his throat. Anything,
”I do not understand how watching a movie would revoke Dean’s…” The idea is lost on him, he doesn’t even finish his thought. Dean sighs, turning towards him. He’s standing very close.
“Oh.” Castiel looks away, “I'm sorry.” Dean opens his mouth as if to say something else. At that moment, Mrs. Leonard steps up to the front of the room and tells them they have the whole period to work. Loud chatter springs up from every corner of the room. Castiel takes the chance to change the subject. “Can we meet in the library after school?” he asks.
The story doesn't have much of a point, but it's enough. Sam relaxes back against Dean's hand. Dean can almost hear the tinkling sound of Mary's laughter from the back seat. This silence is much warmer.
“Dean.” Sam hails him from over in the kitchen. Dean watches John take another swallow, then goes to help his brother. His hand goes to Sam's shoulder, peering over him at the page he's working on. A whole lot of nothing, it looks like. “Get this,” Sam says as he pulls out a rubric, a few lines highlighted with a dying yellow marker. “We have this project in shop and we've gotta design something out of wood. Problem is, I've got no idea what to do.”
He drops to his knees, reaching under the bed. He gropes around, finding a cardboard box and pulling it out into the light.
In the meantime, Sam is setting up the DVD player, flipping through all the outdated movie trailers and promos with ease. Dean, settling back into the couch and slinging an arm over the back of Cas’ seat, starts to wonder if this won’t be the first time Sam has seen the movie.
"Gabe!" Sam sighs in relief, knocking his glasses back down. The cat mews, digging it's claws into Dean's chest happily. "I've been looking for you everywhere!" Dean pushes the cat off, earning him a couple puncture wounds on his flat pecs.
Dean isn't a morning person, yet he somehow finds himself awake before the sun, a few stray stars still blinking in through the open window. Through the fog of sleep, he hears his name being called from the kitchen down the hall, by a voice that's always far too energized for such an ungodly hour of the morning.
Castiel can not say he’s ever hated himself before, but the next time Dean glances over to him, he looks away.
Dean runs a hand through his hair three more times and thinks maybe he should have gotten flowers, before he yanks the door open to reveal a very well-put-together Castiel, holding a fresh bouquet. They shuffle inside.
"No, I mean what're you doin' here? I thought I told you, if you're gonna drink, don't bother comin' over."
Dean really, really can't find it in himself to care. It crosses his mind that he could just leave, go out to the Impala and crank the tape player up as loud as it can go. But, no, he can't. He sighs and slumps back into his seat, trying hard not to think at all.
The railing catches him, leaving tiny splinters in his palms as he grips it. Smoke follows Cas out of the house, turning the already dark sky a shade blacker. His hands freeze painfully against the snow-covered wood. He gasps in a few lungfuls of cold, smokeless air. Leaning over a little further, he shakes a few snow flurries out of his hair. He hears shouting coming from inside the house.
He presses his forehead against hers, pulling out and panting into the thick air. They don't stay like that for long: the girl shimmies out from under him and collects her panties from under the seat. When she opens the door, Dean hardly feels the blast of cold. He fumbles with his zipper, maybe muttering something about doing that again, but by the time he gets himself together, she's already gone. He stands up shakily outside the car, with only a small twinge of annoyance. No big loss, he's not even sure he can remember the girl's name.
Adra scratches under Gabe’s chin, and a purr begins to rumble in Gabe’s belly. The sound is swallowed in the big, gaping room.
"I met with Pastor Jim the other day," Adra says dryly, still chopping her lettuce. "He sends his greetings." Castiel shifts. "He said a few people have asked about you, how you're doing." Adra looks up at Castiel. "How are you doing?" Castiel swallows his tomato.
”Yeah, I understand.” Victor is nodding, adjusting one of his earrings. He’s looks like he’s least a year older than Dean. “And to have to leave so early, what a shame.” Dean wants to be disappointed, too, but he just chuckles.
. But he lets it go anyway. Dean pops his CD into the DVD player; it starts playing a generic carol.
The stop sign leading out away from Bobby's house has 'Hamer Time' in white spray paint on it. They can barely see it through the rain, but they know what it says. Dean eases his foot onto the break, remembering his phone squished under his thigh.
Dean whips around. He slams his fist on the kitchen table. Sam and Gabe are staring at him, wide-eyed. Dean gestures to the door.
Castiel is staring at him again. Dean does rolls his eyes this time, and grinds his teeth. It's not Castiel that's bugging him, he knows that much. The lingering smell of smoke comes back to him. He shivers.
“Yes?” Nisbet says into the receiver. She glances in Dean’s direction, “Uh, yes, they’re here. What? What? Well... Fine. Okay. Yes. Thank you.” She hangs up. Nisbet turns to the class, but her eyes hone in on Dean.
Adra takes a moment, looking from her son to Dean on the left flank, as if seeing him for the first time. Her eyes linger on the points of contact between them, with Castiel loathes to admit is shoulder, elbow, and hip.
"There's so many friggin' plants and shit, I don't wanna step on any of 'em." Dean says it casually, but it makes warmth bubble in Cas' stomach anyway.
They come to a bench near where Cas made his confession over Christmas break. It’s shrouded by some evergreens, pretty out-of-sight from anyone who doesn’t know it’s there, and Castiel plops down, breathing labored.
”But this story is about Gabriel. He was… Always getting into trouble. Once, he turned all of his nurses’ hands purple. To this day, I do not know how he got away with it. But he was an experience, to put it lightly. They had trouble at home. I never found out the details, but what I do remember was that Luc had always been the one to bring Gabe in for his appointments. He made every single one on time.
”I know I’m not as pretty as you, but didn’t your mother ever teach you that staring’s rude?” Dean asks, looking Cas up and down. Cas forgets how to breathe. If he ever really knew how. “That uh,” Dean points to the sharp line running across Cas’ right hip. “what’s that from?” Cas runs his finger across the scar again, wanting very much for it to be Dean’s hand instead.
There are three things that Castiel notices when the door swings open. The first is that it's just begun to snow: a few tiny flakes are sprinkling down between him and Dean. Second, Dean has a small red Santa hat sliding off his head. And third, Castiel's heart is hammering so hard in his chest he can almost hear it.
“I uh, I think I need glasses.” He spits it out like it hurts to say, so fast Dean barely catches it. "And I know-- I know they can get expensive, I could just get a cheap pair." Sam tries to justify, sliding his gaze over to their dad's bedroom door. Setting his fork down, Dean takes a deep breath. His brother turns back to him when he speaks.
"Sure," he shrugs, and digs out his copy of Frankenstein. The front cover is bent back from him tossing it carelessly into his backpack. He tries half-heartedly to smooth it out before cracking it open.
Cas tries not to grimace when Dean looks at him. His chest is on fire, his throat is tight. He is sweating under his arms and freezing on his fingertips. He seriously, sincerely, wants to kill his boyfriend, and then take a long nap.
Standing, his knees creak. He swears, and it echoes in the empty space. On Castiel’s desk, he sees it. A handful of blue pens in a wire basket. In front of it, a black leather journal, the one Dean gave Cas for Christmas. On top is a sticky note, in Cas’ handwriting. To Dean. Dean goes over, hands shaking, heart hammering. The spine cracks like it’s been waiting for him. It’s heavier than when Dean gifted it; the pages are bursting, some sticky notes and a paperclip jut from the edges. Dean opens to the first page. In neat, blue letters:
”I know I haven’t…” Adra sighs. She looks from Dean to her son. “I haven’t been the best mother. I haven’t been there for you, you know, in the real way.” She screws up her face, something between a wince and a scowl. Castiel can only guess at whom. “If this is what you want to do, then I won’t be the one to stop you.”
Dean thinks as he inhales. The car is still strong with the smell of sex. Dean leans over and pops the door open anyway, hoping Cas won't notice. The rush of cold air is pleasant.
"Forget it." He kills the engine, leaning back in his seat. "Ain't you cold?" he asks, gesturing to Cas' single-layer trenchcoat. Dean shrugs his own jacket off and hands it to Cas, who just looks at him. "Shit!" Dean exclaims. Cas jumps. "Wow, fuck, I'm sorry Cas, I totally kidnapped you just now. The fuck am I doing, you were probably busy doing--" he looks at Cas again, who's putting Dean's jacket on under his coat. "Whatever you were doing."
Dean isn’t clear what happens next, only that the monitors are screaming and people in white coats are running down the hall towards them, and Dean wonders what they’re running for, where the fire is.
He squeezes the beads and takes his hand out from between Castiel’s. The rosary gets stuck on his glasses when he puts it on. When he gets it on properly, it sways gold and blue against the greys and browns of the graveyard. It is beautiful, and it makes Sam feel pretty beautiful, too.
Hi all! I hope you're surviving well. This is a quick end note -- I have begun rewriting this fic! I'n publishing it under the title "65 Roses" which you can find
Sam looks out across the graveyard. An old weeping willow sways in the breeze. Something about it’s dull green leaves are familiar, though Sam can’t quite place why.
Castiel hands the photo over to Dean, who stares at it for a long moment. He looks like he’s trying to find something else in the photograph, something that Castiel didn’t tell him. He puts it aside, though, laying it in front of him.
”Yeah, but… What?” Dean doesn’t understand. He looks at all the other table guests. Cas is just a clueless as him, and Sam has that smug eyebrow raise that makes Dean want to shove his face into the whole rest of the cake.
Adra flips a burger in the pan and it sizzles, garlic and oil stinking up the kitchen. She throws a couple more seasonings on the meat. She has a black apron overtop her crisp white shirt with her sleeves rolled up. Her hair is in a work-tight bun.
"Yeah, that's Adra's kid. I used to go to church with them. You should give him a chance, he ain't all that bad." Bobby says. Dean shrugs again. He doubts it, but he doesn't tell Bobby that.
"Yeah, yeah." Dean dismisses, but Cas catches his smile before he turns away. The fountain in the middle of the garden is still burbling in full force, as frigid as the water may be. The angel on top has the lightest dusting of snow across it's wings. Cas stops to admire it, how it shines in the fading sunlight.
"Yeah," Dean lies, "Yeah. I just--" he clears his throat, looking away from his uncle. "I wanted t'talk to you about somethin'."
Charlie offers Jo a hug and Jo leans into it. Charlie murmurs something like, you did good, and rubs Jo’s shoulder. Dean leans behind Charlie and presses his hand into Jo’s back. She is shaking. Sam steps up to the stand, a little blue book in his hand.
Cas, as it turns out, got Sam some old books. They’re too worn for Dean to read the cover properly from where he’s sitting. Brown and a dull green, both cracking like they haven’t been touched in years. Dean thinks Sam’s smile is the best present of them all.
Everyone sits down, Cas at Dean’s right and Sam at Dean’s left. Jo gives him a look that he ignores. Sam cuts the first slice of cake for Dean. It’s not as good as Bobby’s cake, but nothing’s ever as good as Bobby’s cake. Even John, who hates sweets, takes up a slice. Cas is staring at his cake with a distant expression. Dean’s heart squeezes.
At the front of the room, Mrs. Leonard is standing on a chair, hitting the overhead projector with a ruler in an attempt to make it start working again.
"You want my help?" Dean asks, but even asking he can feel his shoulders sag. Cas sniffs the spice before shakes his head.
“I don't need to be on time, it's just guitar.” Dean shrugs again. They slip into a steady silence for a few beats, “Oh dude,” he says suddenly, “I meant to tell you, Sam's having a friend over this afternoon, so I can't come to the library.” Cas nods. "I know it's been like a week, but, you know. You still need a ride home?"
The Shop room door shuts with a heavy clang, making Castiel wince. As soon as he's in his seat, his book is back in his hand. He glances up only when a few stray students file into the room. Hardly anyone bothers to show up on time, not that the teacher would be bothered either way. But this morning, someone catches Castiel's eye. Leaning back in his chair with his feet resting up on the table, a student in a brown leather jacket is waiting patiently for everyone else to arrive.
Also yall! Please leave comments/critiques/questions! As much as I love writing this, I want to know your thoughts too!!!
It’s Thursday when it happens. Dean chews the end of his pen. One of the Frankenstein groups drones on up front. Dean is long past giving a damn about whatever he’s supposed to be doing. He shoots looks at Jo, who’s about as lost as he is. He hates this. At least after Trig he can skip out and call the hospital, call Castiel. But English is an hour-and-a-half long nightmare. At the ICU on Sunday night, Adra had insisted Dean get to school, at least go through the motions of normal. But this room, with Cas’ empty desk in front of him, is anything but normal.
, sitting on his bed, catches his eye. The plastic-wrapped front cover is shining yellow in the fluorescent light.
Gonna be honest with y'all, this chapter is like, 80% filler + Dean and Cas texting. Whoops. Would I like you to read it? Yes. Do you absolutely have to? No. I won't be horridly offended if you skip it to get to the meat of the story.
“Hi,” He says. A couple classmates say hi back. The bad pronouncer guy smiles at him, nodding a little in a way that says you got this, dude. “Uh, I’m Dean Winchester. My partner Cas...tiel Novak is out sick today, the bastard-- oops. Sorry, teach.” That gets a couple laughs. “Honestly I think he planned it. Getting sick the one day we have to present.” Cas has been out all week, but they don’t need to know that.
"Well I am here. How are you gonna feed it? Where's it gonna go to the bathroom? And what about when Dad gets back?"
“Okay, then,” Castiel says. He clears his throat. He coughs, “The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me lie down in green pastures.”
They don’t say a whole lot more for the rest of the meal. It helps that the tournament worked up their appetites. After they go up to pay, Ruby follows them out for a smoke break.
When it gets to the scene at prom, with all the glowing lanterns and short, frilly dresses, Dean is rather unhappy.
The car heater rattles full-blast and Sam sings every rendition of the birthday song he can think of before Dean turns into the middle school parking lot.
”What?” If the boy is going to be any more difficult, Castiel might just… Well, he doesn’t know what he would do.
Cas starts to apologize again and doesn’t. He kisses Dean, more urgently. This is Dean. He has stubble on his jaw, scratching Cas with each kiss. Dean, who smells of pine deodorant and car oil, twining their tongues together in the wet, airy space between their teeth. Cas nips Dean’s tongue and his bottom lip. Dean presses stubble-sharp kisses on Cas’ jaw. Dean’s hair is freshly shampooed, some coconut and flower concoction he would never admit to liking. The kisses he trails down Cas’ neck are open-mouthed and swirled tongue.
off the cushion. It brings Dean back to his dream, and running his hand over Cas’ scar. Dean licks his lips. He really isn’t sure how he’s going to get through this movie.
Everyone shuffles into their seats, Ellen and Jo sitting next to each other despite the heated conversation they're getting into. It's one Dean's heard before. So many times, in fact, he's nearly got it memorized.
"And then, when I did wake up, hell. It didn't feel real. You didn't feel real. I had now way of knowing you weren't just going to disappear on me again." Dean didn't realize his grip on Sam's shoulder had gone white; Sam hadn't said a thing, if he had noticed.
Inside, Sam flexes him fingers, eternally grateful for the warmth. His friends and him all cluster by the art room. Sam pauses to admire all the artwork tacked up on the wall outside the room; Jess' name is on at least two. The art room itself smells like paint and clay, among a dozen other scents Sam doesn't know enough about to identify.
"You said he was sick, I figure he's got one of his week-long check ups. Used to have them all the time, Adra said." Bobby twitches a smile at Dean, "He's gotten a lot better, though. No need to worry."
"Hey Dean, hey Castiel," Sam says, giving Castiel a smile before focusing back on Dean. "Looks, I know we just got here and all, but it looks like the storm's getting bad." As if on cue, the library lights flicker. "See what I mean? We ought to head out before it gets any worse."
The testing of his bridge only takes a minute or two. As he returns to his seat, he decides to get a kick start on effectively wasting time.
“Quia tu es mecum,” She explains, turning her wrist over to reveal the whole quote, “It’s Latin. ‘For you are with me’ from Psalm 23.” Dean leans closer. The curling script is familiar. Dean flushes a little at the memory of Cas panting beneath him. He swallows.
One of the women is short, of larger build, with dirty blonde hair in a bun that’s falling out. She has on a black jacket and a green button-up vest, in one of the pockets rests a cigarette box. She’s holding a cigarette between two fingers, puffing impatiently. An angry, hungry feeling gnaws in Cas’ stomach.
“Boy,” Bobby says, uncharacteristically soft, staring into Dean’s eyes, “If you need anythin’...” He shifts, like he’s not used to this kind of emotion.
They're hardly through the first movie before the pizza's all been devoured. Gabriel sits himself in one of the empty boxes before clambering over to curl up on Sam's lap. Dean squirms out of the way to go and get a drink, chuckling to himself when the cat rubs its face up on Sam's chin. The idea of holding onto the cat for more than one night niggles its way into Dean's head. But their dad is going to be home tomorrow, so he quickly banishes the thought. He digs around in the fridge for a couple minutes before a bottle of beer jumps out at him. He pops the top off with practiced ease, taking a swig before going back over to the couch.
Rain pounds on the roof of the library. For what is probably the hundredth time today, he coughs. He tries to keep the wettest part of his clothing off the wooden chair when he sits down. His backpack is drenched, despite his best efforts. The only part of him that's even remotely dry is the inside of his coat pockets, where his book and the bottle of painkillers sit. He takes the book out, it lands heavily on the desk. He rubs his eyes and looks back at the front entrance, wondering idly when Dean is going to arrive.
"What are you writing?" Sam asks, looking down at the journal. It's the one Dean gave him: there's a little bookmark sticking out a couple pages in. Cas looks at him, his eyes far away.
"You cannot move pawns backwards, it's against the rules." Cas explains. This is the second game he's played with Sam, the first time he beat Sam in five moves exactly.
"After the fact." He answers, looking directly at Sam, "I was meaning to ask you, Sam, do you remember your mother?"
Castiel enters his English class with a stifled groan. The desks have all been moved into groups of two or three, with index card nametags on each. Mrs. Leonard is apologizing for all the index cards, and assures everyone that the projector should be working again by next week. The lights flicker overhead. Excited murmurs spring up and ripple across the class. Castiel finds the seat unfortunately labeled
"Hey, Mom. It's good to be back here, you know?" He snorts, "Fucking cold, but when isn't it, I mean seriously?" He chuckles to himself. "But I'm here anyway. And man, what a year. Sammy and I found a lost dog a few month ago, spent all afternoon cleaning it up. Ol' Sammy was fuckin' crushed when the owners came by to pick him up. Right, Sammy?" He imagines his fair-haired mother throwing her head back and laughing.
"And a last." Dean stubs the butt of the cigarette out on the side of the house, free from the snow. His hands are red with cold.
“Hi,” He says, blinking in the church’s pale light. A couple people murmur back, and it ripples through the building, “Uh, I’m Sam. Castiel was… like a brother to me, too. He loved writing. I tried to write something of my own to honor that, but I’m not… I’m not as eloquent as he was, not by a long shot. So, I figured I’d read something somebody else wrote instead.” He clears his throat and swallows, “He liked reading, too. This is The Fish, by Rupert Brooke.” Dean gasps a small gasp. That blue book is from a lifetime ago. That was the one he picked up from Bobby’s, right before that thunderstorm. When he texted Cas for the first time. Dean remembers the pull of the book, it’s old blue cover. Castiel, so new to him then, intriguing in the same way. Sam reads the poem, and when it’s done he closes the book and looks out to the audience. So much has changed since that first day. Sam smiles a quick, wet smile, and steps away.
flashes in his head. Cas' look of sorrow just then will be burned onto the back of his eyes for years to come.
Dean can’t finish his sentence, so he shoves, hard. John falls backward, grabbing for the coffee table as he goes. His beer spills, sticky and carbonated all over the floor.
“This entire book is something Victor says.” Dean huffs. He closes his book and slides off the bed on Cas’ side. Cas twiddles with his pen, his tongue sticking between his teeth. Dean doesn’t like how skeletal Cas’ whole face has looked lately, but that flash of pink lets him shove off that thought for later. Cas is sitting cross-legged, as usual, and Dean slides his hands up to Cas’ knees. “C’mon, a break.” He raises his eyebrows when Cas finally looks up at him. Cas stops what he’s doing and closes the book. Dean breaks into a crooked smile.
“Alright,” He says, “Bring ‘er into the garage. I don’t want you getting electrocuted in the storm.” Bobby toes off his shoes and shirks his jacket tossing it over the couch. Dean nods, and goes out and parks the Impala in the garage. Soon after, rain pelts the roof. Bobby tells Dean he’ll be inside if Dean needs him. Dean wanders in a little while later for a small wrench, and sure enough, Bobby’s sitting at the desk in his living room, with his reading glasses on, squinting at a big old book. He points Dean in the direction of the toolbox sitting on the bottom shelf of the bookcase. When he asks if Dean needs anything else, Dean almost says no.
"Very well!" She chuckles. Her head appears around the wall separating the kitchen and the sitting room. Her hair falls over her shoulder in a loose braid. Only the ghost of a smile rests on her face, now. "I'm off to work." Castiel turns to her and gives her a nod. "I should be back around midnight." And then she's gone.
”Your Majesty,” one of the other knights in the room says. Sir Dean can’t remember his name. “what if we kept Sirs Posey and Roger--”
”What’d you expect, with your aim?” Dean plops himself down next to the elf. “I’m Dean.” They shake hands.
“I think if he was angry,” Dean starts quietly, “That’s only human. And I think what you’re doing is human. Yeah, I think he would’ve liked it if you talked to him more. But you can spend your time kicking yourself and wondering what you could have done better, or done different, or you can just…” He coughs, and drinks more water. He sighs, feeling the words around his teeth, “Just… So it goes, you know?”
"Jess is coming over?" He raises his eyebrows, "And when were you going to tell me, young man?" He crosses his arms across his chest.
”Nothing? Seriously? Live a little.” Dean rolls his eyes. The Impala’s brake squeaks when they turn into Dean’s neighborhood.
Cas stops in the hall bathroom to get his inhaler. Re-shirted Dean goes down to the kitchen without waiting, giving him a moment alone with Adra. Their voices float up the stairs; Cas hears his name.
”This one’s from Cas!” The gift is wrapped in shiny blue paper. Dean runs his hands over it, trying to figure out what it is without opening it.
“No, Dean,” Cas looks at him, heaving breath from his lungs. He does not look away. “I do not have… very long.”
”This passage,” he starts, eyeing the very small crowd of people that have shown up today, “is about love. It is not about loving your neighbor even if they’re different from you; it is about loving your neighbor
”I do admit,” Castiel sighs, squinting hard at the photo in his hands, “that there is not much I remember from my time with Gabriel and his brother. But Gabriel had a good soul, even if he was a bit mischevious. His brother, on the other hand…”
“Thanks. Man, Sammy’s gonna be so proud of me. Actually reading somethin’.” Dean says. He takes his free hand and finds Cas’ fingers, twining them together.
“Excuse me?” A woman with a white coat and a clipboard comes up to them. Everything crashes back to Dean. “Would,” She looks down at the clipboard, “Casteel’s family care to get his things from the room?” Dean looks around at the group. This is Castiel’s family, as much as it is Dean’s.
“I’m not finished, Dean,” Castiel chides, and Dean almost laughs at how Castiel it is, but doesn’t. He squeezes Cas’ hand in apology, “God does not give us what we understand, but He gives us what we need,” Castiel coughs, “My… grace is fading, Dean. But it’s going out in a blaze of glory. That’s the thing, Dean,” Castiel shakes his head, “That’s the thing about life.” Castiel laughs. He laughs, and with a still surprising strength he pulls Dean close to him. When his breathing shallows, he is ready. Dean isn’t.
”Eat up, Dean!” Sam is urging him. Sam’s got his sleeves rolled up to the elbows and is scrubbing the dirty frying pan with an even dirtier towel. “Can’t have you late to school on your birthday!”
"I'm spiting my mother." Before Sam can ask what on earth that means, the school bell chimes seven times. The door behind Sam unlocks automatically with a click. "Oh, thank God." Kevin pushes past Sam and into the warm building. Sam glances back to the parking lot just in time to see a bus pull up to the side of the building.
Dean clears his throat. He stares at his fingers squeezing the glass. He had this conversation with Cas before, but it always left Cas miffed and quiet, turning away from Dean and not wanting to talk about it any more.
After a couple more painful minutes of nothing, Cas takes out some paper and a pen from his backpack. He sucks the pen between his front teeth. He squints at the page; the blank lines are nauseating. He takes the pen out of his mouth and scratches a few swirls onto the margin, hoping that something, anything besides Dean will inspire him.
"Yes, I... I apologize. I had written this while I was in France with my mother." He takes the paper back, translating in his head before he reads.
Dean ambles back to the coffin room a little while later, feeling lighter. Sam nods to him as he takes his place back in line. At one point, a kid a few years older than Dean joins the queue. He’s tall and skinny, with golden-brown hair and a sharp scowl. Dean’s stomach squeezes as the young man sweeps his eyes over the crowd, and the coffin, but Dean can’t figure out why. He keeps an eye on the man as he makes his way through the queue. Adra gives him a long look, too, and makes a face when Dean looks over at her. Dean shrugs. At the casket, the man says a short prayer and whispers something to Castiel, touches his hand.
“Is it done yet?” Comes a hoarse voice from the other room. Fuck. John sways as he stands up, rubbing a thick hand over his stubbly chin,“I didn’t think it took all fucking year to cook french fries,” he says, glaring at Dean.
”My appendix. From when I met Samandriel.” Cas explains. When Dean looks at Cas again, it’s as if the bags under his eyes grew darker in an instant.
"Oh! Hello, Castiel." She gestures for him to sit down in the nearest chair. He does, dropping his bookbag next to the island. "I didn't expect you home so early."
He decides, as he walks to the lunch room, that enough is enough. He skips over the corner seat by the vending machine, where he’s been spending the most of his week eating, and goes to where Jo is sitting. She has, mouth-wateringly, two slices of Roadhouse cake in a pink Tupperware container.
Only when Castiel is sufficiently warmed and no longer crying does she step back. Her tie is askew and her shoulder has a large wet spot on it. She looks at it and grimaces.
The three of them sit on the couch, Dean grabbing the presents and putting them on the coffee table. Cas takes a seat beside Dean, tucking his coat under his legs before sitting down. The first present in the pile is Sam's. It's little more than an envelope with a red bow stuck on it, but Sam doesn't seem to mind. Half the time, Dean doesn't bother to even wrap his present. Dean can feel a yawn rising in his throat, but he swallows it. From the envelope, Sam pulls out a gift card that shimmers when he waves it around.
It doesn't take long before he's lost in the book. A few of the poems he has to read twice, just to get the tone right. Absently, he runs his thumb down the page while he reads. The storm has dwindled into a heavy rain, beating on the roof. Dean relaxes into the sound, letting the rain carry him right through the poems. Something stirs in his chest.
Sam's face goes soft, and Dean thinks he hears a sniff. Still not a word out of him, though. Dean rubs his thumb along an inch of Sam's collarbone. An idea strikes.
The mantle over the fireplace is covered in dust. He runs a finger along it, writing his name in the loose grey particles. Staring at it for a second, he feels his nose twitch. A sneeze explodes from him, loud and echoing through the high ceiling.
“C'mon, Sammy, eat up. We can worry about Dad after we get you to school,” He forces a smile, ruffling his brother's hair.
Silence creeps into the car and Dean looks over to Cas, watching how the shadows make the lines on his face deeper. His eyes look older than they should. Cas stares out through the windsheild, blue eyes glittering.
Castiel dog-ears his page and studies the boy: they're in the same grade, Castiel has seen him around before. The boy's hands are behind his head, and his eyes are closed. Everything about him positively screams of arrogance, from his posture to the half-cocked smile resting on his lips. Something about the boy churn's Castiel's stomach. He tries not to let his watchful eye devolve into a glare. They stay like this for a long stretch of time, Castiel watching the boy, with only one of them aware of what's evening happening.
Dean makes another few rounds from table to washing machine, when Adra’s car finally, finally pulls up. Dean yanks the door open almost before Cas gets up the steps. There’s a pleasant breeze wafting through the trailer park, whipping one of the neighbor kid’s hair back as he circles around his house on his bike. Castiel is bound in a thick, dark grey sweatshirt, and his trenchcoat. He isn’t smiling.
Oh. Sam props the door open for Jess, who comes in with a canvas half as tall as she is covered in a sheet in one hand, and a plastic bag of paints and her phone in the other. Sam grabs the paints from her and guides her into the living room.
Dean blinks again and props himself up on his elbows. He remembers the dry heat of both Colorado and Kansas, the open road where hills were practically non-existent, and the tiny towns where cable TV was a modern invention.
“You know, when you were little,” Dean starts, immediately feeling his brother relax under his hand. "Sometimes we would all go out for a drive, when Dad got home from work. he would be in the front seat, and the rest of us would be in the back, Mom included. She said she wanted to be as close to us as possible. Most of the time, she had to carry you 'cause you hated being strapped in that baby carrier. Whenever you got fussy, she'd hand you over to me, and you'd fall right asleep every time.
Dean is laughing when he feels his phone ringing against his leg. Shit. The rest of his laugh dies quickly. His blood runs cold, checking the caller and mouthing the word 'Bobby' at Jo before hurrying out to the boy's bathroom around the corner. He checks the stalls, thankfully all empty, before answering.
The air in the classroom is warm. Castiel is pretty sure the heater broke. If only he were better with his hands, he would offer to fix it himself.
“Jo?” Cas asks, cocking his head to the side. Of course, if Ellen was here, Jo couldn’t be far behind. Cas can’t remember a time he’d seen Ellen in anything but jeans and an old flannel, so this must mean... Of course. Cas gasps when he realizes. “This is her piano recital.” He says.
“Actually, that's not bad.” The tips of Sam's hair nearly brush against the page. Dean thinks he catches Sam muttering something about asking Jess to help him out. He ruffles the kid's hair and takes a seat beside him, swinging his feet up onto the table. Groping around in his pocket for his phone that isn't there, Dean pulls out the book of poems instead.
”Guess I shoulda seen that one coming.” He grins, crushing Charlie in a hug. “It’s good to see you, kiddo.” He pats her hair; she puts her chin on his shoulder. There’s a lot of squeezing.
She's a thin, spidery woman with a few grey hairs, wearing an outfit that looks more fit for a law firm than a midnight hot cocoa snack. Her eyes are cloudy with the same slant to them as Castiel's. Her eyes always remind Castiel of the weather this time of year: waiting impatiently for an oncoming storm.
"All I'm saying is that he was going to freeze to death if Jess hadn't let him in!" Sam is practically shouting. Jess is sitting in the living room with Castiel and the cat, the couch an unstable barrier between them and the brothers. Sam wonders how much longer this argument will go.
It's only when Dean puts his feet on the wood floor that he notices just how cold it got overnight. His toes go numb almost as soon as they hit the floor. But fuck, is it one way to wake up. His entire body tingles and prickles. Despite the shocking cold, Dean's bare feet drag across the floor. The floorboards near Sam's door creak, reminding him to keep quiet.
It’s perfect timing when Ruby comes by with a tray of their food: a bacon cheeseburger for Dean, soup and salad for Charlie, and a large steak for Gilda. Ruby drops the tray off by the kitchen door, turns around, and slides right into the booth, next to Dean. She takes a couple of fries off of Dean’s plate and chomps on them.
Dean strips off Cas’ underwear, revealing his straining erection to the lamplight. Cas tilts his head up and catches Dean’s eyes, which have blown dark. Dean licks his lips. He blinks.
“Boyfriend,” Dean admits, and it hurts, like an arrow piercing through his chest. His free hand he moves up to wipe his face, for the millionth time this weekend. The woman nods.
"Merry fuckin' Christmas." Dean murmurs. "You alright?" Cas nods. "Cool." Dean looks out to the street. "Walk with me. It'll give Sa-- everyone time to cool off."
Dean sets his DVD on the table and sends a picture to Charlie. She sends one back of her chocolate lab, Princess Leia, with a leash hanging from her mouth. The two of them do this for a while, sending pictures back and forth, all while saying as few words as possible. Charlie sends him a selfie, Dean sends one back.
“Oh, darling,” Castiel breathes onto Dean’s neck and it sounds so sad. Like Cas isn’t the one dying. Dean squeezes him and hums, swaying Castiel until he relaxes against Dean’s chest, his breath coming in slow and even.
poster hangs on the far wall. The only thing organized in his room is the stack of torn envelopes sitting on his desk.
Jo and Dean have been best friends since sixth grade or so, when Dean moved here for the first time. She'd showed him her knife collection and they spent most of a day carving their names into every tree they could find.
The four putz around for a while Sam bouncing up on his toes to get his blood circulating again. Not that he really needed to, Jess made his heart pound more than enough, but she didn't need to know that just yet.
"You dropped this." As soon as Castiel takes it, Dean turns away. Castiel runs a thumb along the creased edge, tucking it back into his pocket without unfolding it. He watches Dean yank the door open, following him just a step behind.
Castiel coughs another mouthful into the sink. He is getting very, very tired of just how copper blood tastes. He opens his eyes a little more, giving Dean what he can manage for a smile. Dean scoots closer, until his knees are pressed against the outside of Cas’ hips.
Before he can look into it, his phone buzzes from across the room; A new text from Castiel, then immediately another.
“I can see that,” He says, setting his box down on the island, where it’s out of the way of any roller brushes or paint, “Don’t they say not to touch the house for a year after, you know?” Dean looks away.
”Your secret is safe with me.” Castiel feels a tingling of irony at the back of his head. Dean looks at the photo again.
"Since it's Christmas Eve, I was thinking we could do something Christmas-y today. Bake cookies, you know, things normal families do for the holiday."
"M'already awake, what's the harm?" Dean insists, swallowing a yawn. "Can't have you breakin' any more shit anyway." Cas doesn't respond, only flips another page in the binder. Dean comes up behind him, peering over his shoulder at the cookbook. But his vision is still blurry from sleep, and in the dark Dean can't make out anything on the page. "What did you have in mind? And why couldn't it wait like, six hours?"
“What else is family for, dude?” Ash asks, his voice breaking. They stay like that for a minute. Slowly, he lets his hand fall from Castiel’s. Jo steps up. She keeps her hands by her side, clenching them into a fist. Castiel coughs. Some of the monitors beep.
"Sorry, Sammy. Just--" He chuckles some more, apparently unable to contain himself. "Jeez, Cas." He shakes his head. Castiel smiles, despite not quite knowing what's so funny.
He hacks and coughs, spitting mouthfuls of mucus into the sink. His head swims. He inhales brokenly, choked by his loaded lungs. Another mouthful of mucus comes up. He coughs more, throaty. Once his hands stop shaking, he takes a long, slow puff of his inhaler. Every bone in his body aches.
“I can drop you off.” Dean says. This catches Castiel by surprise. Dean glaces to Sam for confirmation. “C'mon.” He gestures to Castiel's soggy umbrella. "You really think that thing is gonna keep you dry?"
"Here," Dean keeps his voice at a whisper, squinting when he reaches out to Cas, "lemme help." Cas looks at him, tilting his head to the side.
”Throughout my life,” Cas starts, stroking his thumb over the edge of one of the photographs. “I have spent my life in various hospitals, for various amounts of time. During my stays, I have met many people. Although most of them have turned out to be very temporary people, some… Some have not.” He takes out the first photograph, dated nearly seven years ago: a long hallway, with two people in the frame. In the front, stands a short boy in nothing but a hospital gown, with slicked-back hair the color of wheat. He’s grinning and munching on a half-melted candy bar. Behind him a few feet, a dusty-haired teenager leans against a wall. His scowl isn’t the only jarring thing about him: he has scrapes running down the side of his face, red and blotting, from his forehead down to his chin.
Castiel's bag has two shirts and a pair of jeans in it already. It takes everything in Castiel not to dump it all out again. His hands feel tense, so he wrings them out again. Moving to make sure everything fits in his back, his foot kicks a box under the bed.
He remembers Alfie, one night while they were sprawled out in the middle of Eden, looking up at the stars through the tops of the trees, telling Castiel how he thinks that maybe he’d done something wrong. Alfie had thought about it for months, if maybe his soul was built sideways, or he had done something when he was young to make God angry. It had made him feel dirty and sick, like he had tar stuck to his joints. Castiel was enraged to hear such a bright young boy say such things about himself. He could never understand why.
“No,” Castiel answers. He looks at Dean quizzically, not understanding why Dean would ask about the status of his transportation.
When Castiel came to the hotel everything was made up well. The weapons were cleaned and put away, so that he had no way to know that Dean had been interrupted. Castiel gasped reaching out to see the guinea pig, he loved all animals but bees and guinea pigs had always been his favorites. Getting down he watched the animal, while they normally were very skittish this one ran up to him and sat up to put his front paws up on the cage.
On the side that the magenta energy being claimed as its home the air smelled of sweets, vanilla and sugar and candy flavors, the music playing-if one could call it that-was little more than background noise is only instrumental. The side of the nest is more like a library covered in everything from the same leisure reading as on the opposite side of the nest as well as more advanced topics and all the history one could ever want to know. Dogs of all different kinds happily yipped around and birds tweeted. The souls of the animals would stay with them, leaving as they were ready to be reborn and returning as they died, of disease or old age, if returning too soon from abuse...the ones who did that would meet with some...misfortune.
“What happened anyway?” Dean asked starting to realize that he was wearing jeans. “Ugh I hate wearing jeans to sleep,” he squirmed at the uncomfortable feeling against his legs.
On the side of the nest that was meant for the cyan energy being was engine parts and metal to work with as well as some wood, a handful of simple books that were for all purposes meant only for pleasure readings, the kinds that someone would read for a nice day sitting outside with a glass of cool lemonade, or hot tea, sitting beside the person waiting to be enjoyed.
There was also a chance that he hadn’t put him in a pocket dimension and that meant he was somewhere on earth so either could work. They just had to find him. Searching the entirety of earth was not a good thing, but a lot of earth was water, more than likely it was somewhere more practical.
“They aren't demons fully but close enough; almost immortal, feed off of the soul energy through the filter of psychic energy.” His wings fluttered as he began flying towards the hotel of the Winchester brothers were staying at.
“Dean? Dean!” He got the elder brother's attention and Gabriel had his wings spread out more and asked him, “can you see my wings?”
Castiel held back, he knew this wasn’t his Dean, but it was the Dean of this world. He listened in and hid behind another aisle. “Dean I’ve gotten the butter.”
Castiel blinked Dean from his uniform of jeans, boots, tank top, simple shirt and plaid open shirt over top of it putting him instead in a worn black shirt and a pair of checkered sleep pants with a blink of his eyes. For the first time Castiel could really see the amulet and Castiel gently stroked it, feeling his own, the one from his Dean, burning against his collarbone.
“We...already had lunch.” Sam questioned and groaned as Gabriel just looked at him with that look in his eyes and he realized what he was trying to say. “Gabe!”
“Which is it this time?” Sam asked not knowing if they had to leave or that there was another hunt to go looking into or if things had come up and they had to run.
He had rejected Castiel, in no uncertain terms he had revoked their relationship, called him his ex. That should have killed Castiel, not even being on an equal power to a god could protect him from that, so how?
“Yeah she is alive here to, or she was before I died,” Gabriel assured, “but Jahzara did reject her at first, the reason that she survived was because Jahzara didn’t mean it. She felt like she had to but didn’t want to.” Castiel blinked for a moment and Gabriel groaned, “do you not get it? Jahzara rejected her but didn’t mean it, and it didn’t kill her. It hurt but wasn’t life-threatening.”
Dean's powers came through a part of him he never knew stretched and pushed being able to suddenly do it. It was like someone who couldn't see very well putting glasses on for the first time, it was like his entire body was thrumming with energy as now it wasn't fighting to get out.
“I will not undress him while he is unconscious.” Castiel stated looking at the archangel confused that he could ever even suggest that and somehow the older angel managed to not roll his eyes.
“Ready? Come on.” Sam said leading the two in and looking around. When they were sat down the three talked but more were listening in doing their best to hear what was going on. It wasn't until they were having after-dinner coffee, and a piece of pie of course for Dean that something happened.
Dean normally would have said something but even though his brother was in the bunker and there was a demon-him as a demon-but he did not. There was some kind of confidence in Castiel’s eyes. Dean had seen it plenty of times and he thought that it would go further but it never happened.
“Name will be the easiest. I...I kept thinking about it when I was younger.” Sam whispered looking away, the few times he would remember and think back to Dean when he was at Stanford, he thought of him a lot. He might have been out of that life but he wondered about his big brother, wondering late at night if he was alive or dead, sick or injured. He always thought of those nights about the bakery Dean whispered to him about when he was young and wondered if Dean ever thought of his dream. If he hated Sam for following his.
With the goodbyes said the angels flew off. Heaven time and earth time moved at different speeds and would be gone if only a day or two would be gone a week on earth. The cover story they would tell any nosy neighbors-like that one extremely nosy Mrs. Veanien who had nothing better to do with her life than peek over neighbors fences and screech about how she has children and doesn't want them to see homosexual relationships.
If Dean had known that Castiel had picked up two personalized rhubarb pies both enough for two people he would have forced the salad down with gusto. However it was a happy surprise when at the end of the meal Castiel pulled out the personalized pie and he shared it with his ravenous mate with a scoop of ice cream on top.
Which meant that his moose wouldn't ever give him the attention that he wanted. He tried and tried to show him that pranks could be good and funny. He'd have to take care of it. It was several days before he came to the perfect opportunity; Sam was at the library researching, Castiel was on his God Quest, and Dean was cleaning his weapons, Gabriel had been looking into the supernatural beings underworld.
“Fucking hell…” Dean groaned as he was shoved into the car with Sam in the driver’s side and Castiel hanging out in the backseat.
I wanted to get a way to get to know these kids but I don't think these snapshots really showed enough but I hope you guys like it and like them. The story isn't complete yet but...well...there are only five more chapters plus the epilogue left. It'll probably be really fast moving after the next chapter or two.
He was suddenly reminded of why Sam had a fear of Tuesday; he knew that whenever a Tuesday came he for the longest time watched over Dean with that worried look in his eyes. His older brother instincts started to kick in and he headed to stop him but Castiel was there suddenly ushering him away from them to the other bed.
Castiel knew that Dean had to be somewhere, and when he finally sensed him, he was at a grocery store. He was afraid what that would mean, it was easily possible that Dean was doing something horrible, he remembered how Dean was when he became a demon before. They had been able to save him from the Mark of Cain, but he worried if this time he could. Could he trust to tell Sam what had happened?
Dean was going stir crazy, it was driving him mad. This Scar Castiel would only talk about how he wanted him to relax, to be happy and stress-free, to not have to worry about anything. A heaven on Earth because Dean deserved it.
“Where was he?” Scar Castiel turned his head to see Sam once again who sighed, “if we just fight, we lose valuable time, we need to find Dean.” Dark Universe Castiel did not want to do that, the last thing he wanted was to spend time with was the other version of himself and another Sam, even though Castiel was the one who killed him, the one whose hands were covered in his beloved’s blood, blood that would never come off no matter how many times he washed them but still Sam was the one who started it.
If John hadn't gotten one of them and tested it to see if their claws were capable of turning someone John would have killed him. If Bobby hadn't been there...
“Unfortunately no, something is blocking my grace,” Castiel said before turning to the other form of him, though he hated to admit it the scarred mentally broken version of him was stronger.
Dean, his precious Dean, was missing and no one knew where or how. He had felt nothing but grace in the room as far as non-human beings. He could sense everything from the room from the deep scan he did, both the sinful and the sinful, everything in between; the maid who was a teenager working to save up for college that cleaned the room, the couple that met here for three hours to have a rendezvous without either of their spouses knowing, the middle aged woman who was another maid who was just trying to feed her children, the young family on a vacation, the children running along happily doing a final check of the hotel room. On and on, but none of that helped him, none of them knew who Dean was and couldn’t help.
“Broski? What happened?” Gabriel asked looking around worried for his best friend, little brother and own mate.
So in all ways that mattered Castiel was his only non-family member that he was close. Bobby had once been considered the same but now was like a father to him, to Dean the only thing it could be would be that Castiel was a brother to him, but now he was wondering if how he viewed Castiel wasn't exactly a brother.
He absently thought about how absolutely ecstatic his brother would be if Sam could hear how confidently Dean thought that. He knew, felt it deep in his bones, that Castiel wanted no one but him as his mate. And maybe, just maybe, he was good enough to be his mate.
“Baby? I'd think you'd be all for thinking of us as boyfriends.”Dean said frowning thinking of this, this rejection from Castiel cut him to the quick, much more than he thought it would. Dean was never one for labels, as long as Castiel kept loving him, kept treating him the same, who cares if he didn't like referring to Dean as his boyfriend? Maybe he wanted to use another word; like significant other or something? It always sounded stupid to him but he would go with it for his angel.
Sam and Gabriel were communed as well, almost constantly, magenta more than red or lilac. Every once in a while their nest would be approached by an angel, asking them to look over a ward for a while. Still most of the time they spent in the shared nest.
He was surprised when he saw Sam take a bite of a white cake with white frosting, focusing a bit more he saw that it was coconut cake, complete with shredded coconut on the frosting. On one corner of his lips was a smear of white frosting and Gabriel leaned over to kiss it away. The god looked closer, got a real good look, the bond that Sam and Gabriel shared and he barely covered a gasp, glad that he had glamour himself, going ‘invisible girl’ so much that neither the alternate of himself nor the archangel Gabriel could sense him but if he wasn’t careful they would be able to hear him.
“W-wings...golden wings.” Sam whispered and both angels gasped looking at Sam whose eyes were fixated at the six wings that were pushed out floofing out a bit and fluttering slightly as if they wanted to take flight.
“Oh my, my, how cute~” The king said and walked away from the scarred Castiel and moved closer to this universe’s version of himself and Castiel. The three other men all stared at him quietly seeming to be confused and waiting to figure out what the hell king was planning.
“I'm all yours sweetheart.” Sam cooed leaning down to kiss Gabriel who panted letting out a moan as Sam pushed his hands against the bed, and Gabriel happily gave his control over to his mate.
“I'll get apple.” She nodded then looked at Sam who guessed he could go for a piece, plus he used to love the peach pies that Dean would make him when he had a bad day.
Sam opened his mouth as if to say something but no sound came out. After a moment or two he closed his mouth and shook his head deciding it was better not to ask. Knowing his older brother wouldn't let it go so he quickly spoke up about something else.
His golden white wings stretched out ready for the playful banter as Castiel tried to hit him with his own and he fought back. All playfully of course but still it would happen. However as he was planning to make a mention of him looking like a stripper he paused as he saw the bright pink raised scar on Dean's left shoulder.
He let out an aching gasp when Dean looked back at him from where he was looking, scanning the surroundings like he was searching for something to help him escape the ex-angel’s arms.  The hatred in his eyes was not something that Castiel was prepared for, the ice-cold hatred. The look in Dean’s eyes was even worse than when he first met him, that was more fear and shock than anything and Castiel understood as Dean didn’t remembered the five years that they spent in hell; when Dean’s soul was cradled in his grace and they became one. Friendship and love, a pure love, things that Dean’s mind couldn’t process and so he couldn’t consciously remember it.
Sam watched Dean put the same fork he was using into Castiel's mouth before looking shocked and embarrassed before using the fork again smirking at the watch. After the teasing growing up Dean had given to him the few times that they had a chance to be more like kids then hunters-in-training and would let them scramble for a little while more.
He knew why, while he had not shied away from praising his Dean for the job he did, for the care he gave, and for freeing him to the free will that was so important. This Castiel, this lesser version of him, never had. So Castiel was starting from scratch; he would allow the praise to fall on his beloved hunter until the man stopped chafing under it. He would go from denying it (hiding behind his jokes and sarcasm) to craving it (craving it despite feeling guilty for it and still chafing under it) till he would finally accept it and drink it up. And Castiel would make sure that he got there.
Sam was getting closer and closer to the abomination that had killed his brother, it was not leaving this dimension so finally he would get a hold of him.
“We know. We love you guys. Always. Now go.” Jacob managed kissing Castiel's cheek and with one last look they remembered the shape and color of their children's souls so that no matter what they would find and see them no matter what. Putting as much grace as they could to protect them they flew away to heaven, where they would find their Winchesters, leaving a duo of Winchesters to take their place and take care of humanity just as the brothers did for decades as well.
“You won’t escape this time.” Castiel whipped around to see Sam, he acted like he was okay, but he knew that this would only last a few minutes, an hour tops. Not that he would let him live this long, this was his last hour.
“Yes, and you do normally move, but only shift. You were rolling around and talking.” He added and Dean frowned looking over to his angel.
Castiel was much younger then Gabriel and had not nearly as much control of his wings as Gabriel had gotten, and was so used to letting them do whatever they wanted when around Dean that they were able to move and fluff to try to impress Dean. To Dean they looked so soft he just wanted to stroke them, to feel if his feathers were as soft as they looked.
“Alone.” Castiel sighed, he knew what Dean was planning, but still there were several things that Castiel needed to gather. Food to stock the pantry and fridge, utensils and dishes since strangely the only thing completely cleaned out was the kitchen; he wanted to get some of those gadgets that he had a feeling Dean would appreciate as well as he would like to get something to drive in. He had become too comfortable in this body as well as traveling the human way, he didn’t mind flying however he didn’t get any pleasure from it but he did from driving along with Dean.
“You show no interest in men, I thought my vessel would keep you from wanting that.” He explained and Dean looked away from him a mixture of uncomfortable to be having this conversation at all, guilt that he had his precious Cas thinking he wasn't good enough to want that with, shock that he was using the word precious even if only in his own head, just too many emotions for him to process. Especially when he wasn't one to allow himself to dwell on feelings, and he refused to think about the want swirling in his gut at the sound that Castiel didn't mind him dreaming of him like that.
When they stopped at a nice restaurant where they could sit outside to enjoy the sky painted pink, purple and blue as they had their dinner. Gabriel ordered a Guinness while Sam went with tea, even if it felt so cliché to get while in England. He took a citrus shrimp and avocado salad while Gabriel got a steak with a side of grilled asparagus.
Kissing Castiel was like kissing straight power. Like the most lovely feeling of sparks running through his whole system. For Castiel it was like a warmth of a hug that it wrapped around him warming him to his core.
“They are all so perfect.” Castiel whispered and Dean rolled his eyes and smirking knew exactly what to do.
“When am I going to see Sam and Cas again?” Castiel winced, he knew who he was talking about and it brought him between wanting to weep and rage that even far away from him the disgrace was causing him problems.
“Heh, all over again, eh babe?” Castiel turned and saw Dean once again, his glasses were off and Castiel ended up staring right into the burnt-out eye sockets.
“I know man, I know you hate it, but it’s chamomile. You need something to help you sleep, I’m having one to.” Dean was going to fight a bit more but Sam continued on, “I couldn’t find you or any trace of you for nearly a week man, I…” he didn’t have to continue as Dean’s face morphed into guilt and he sighed.
“Hm, angels. Well I was just coming to get some help with these darling hunters.” He then took a step back revealing the children that the brothers had just been talking about.
“Yeah well, your mine as much as I'm yours, and that's enough for me.” Dean assured and stroked Castiel's dark black hair. The angel hummed at the ministrations from his hunter.
“If he did that, if I was in his position, I’d hide it.” Castiel sighed and looked down, “I won’t give up Sam, I won’t stop till I find Dean.”
Moving foreword Gabriel gripped Sam's left wrist in his grasp looking into his eyes. His eyes began glowing some as he imparted some of his grace into the man. His own eyes glowed a golden shimmering color. Castiel saw what was to do and could understand, moving to look into Dean's eyes asking for permission. When gaining it he placed his hand over the always slightly warm, red scar that was his hand print.
“Okay hold it steady.” Dean was watching over Jacob as Sam instructed Violet, both were learning about guns, they knew all the gun safety and now at a shooting range to practice themselves. Clean the weapons after every use, always treat them like they are loaded even if you think it isn't, always point it down, the works.
“What do you think Vi?” Jacob asked his older sister pushing his curly hair out of his eyes, he needed to cut it soon but he loved his hair how it was, he loved the hairstyle having copied the matching hairstyle of their daddy and father since he was a child and able to really pick his own hairstyle, when he was too young he would get his hair cut and done whatever the barber suggested or Jacob had said what he wanted though he often didn't care until he was seven or eight, while Violet got her hair trimmed the same time and always knew exactly what she wanted; long princess hair. Glancing over Jacob grinned seeing his sisters short hair dyed bubblegum pink and sea foam green, being just long enough she could put them in low pigtails. Still they held the same patterns as their dad had insisted on, every three months on the dot they got a cut.
Dean glared as he saw one of the side salads was for him, but the glare into his eyes that came from Castiel's own blue ones he knew exactly who it was that had decided to pick up the side. Gabriel had one as well and obviously wasn't happy either. Happier then Dean but far from happy with it.
“You had other good memories?” He asked and Sam's own hazel eyes widened as he heard a hint of pain there and Sam realized how bad he had done to not speak up about this. He listened to Dean's constant insistence of no chick flick moments he should have made Dean talk.
“Calm down jerk, it's just that Cas is obviously head over heels for you.” He hummed and chuckled, “and yeah, so I'm in love with Gabe.” He shook his head and groaned, “and to be fair, I'm sure that Gabe deserves a lot better then me to. Hell, he wouldn't look twice at me if he knew. He'd run so fast.”
Sam shook in Gabriel’s arms, the newly revived archangel cooed to him knocking Sam’s hat off so that he could play with Sam’s hair, he always loved to have his hair played with and Gabriel was more than willing to indulge him.
“Ah, ah, ah,” Sam cooed teasing him, brushing his lips once more before pulling back. “Pick our dog's name first. No kissing me till I get an answer.”
He kept running and was thankful that he was in shape, he did a lot of running and though he wanted right now to run like his life depended on it, to find Sam and to find Castiel, his Castiel, not this scarred weird being that had some strange obsession with him. But no, he didn’t know how deep in these woods he was nor what was in them, he ran slower, the run that was more than anything meant for endurance. He could run long distances, even though he hated running but he could do it, and in case he ran into a weindigo, werewolf or anything else he didn’t know where exactly he was so didn’t know what would be around him. He tried to ignore how that made him twitch.
That is it, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter as well as this story. I really enjoyed this story, I started it on a whim, but I have to say I adore this dark universe.
Sam, somehow, held back his groan as Dean could seemingly never take the time to do something for himself. He was always helping others.
Gabriel smiled as he played with Sam's long hair. It used to be the common thing that everyone grew their hair long, whether male or female it didn't matter. But over time men first started cutting their hair short and then women started doing so to.
“Yeah but I didn't mean for you to stay.” Dean groaned waving him out to get up and follow and Castiel did so following him.
“I guess it wouldn't hurt us to not actively look till the day after tomorrow.” Sam agreed, “we should learn how this will effect us as well as Gabe and Cas.”
“Let us be clear: you’re mine.” Castiel said and kissed him again Dean relaxed intro the kiss before pulling away and Castiel hummed. “What is it?”
“But no matter what, hunting is in our blood.” Dean shook his head, he wished that he could give Sam another life, but it didn't work that way. No matter how much Sam wanted it to not be like that, didn't want to have anything to do with it, the two of them were a package deal and no matter what as long as they were both alive would end up together.
“You should be worshipped, they so many see you and react to you having no idea just how much you do for them, just where your perfection lies.”  He got closer to him, invading his personal space but Castiel didn’t care. Here, this right here was where he belonged, breathing in shared air with his hunter, feeling the warmth of his body bleeding through both their clothing and his soul shining so brightly that his body could not even hold it back. “I guess I should be grateful, I’m the jealous type.” Castiel smirked as it seemed that Dean had forgotten how to speak, and it was too cute to him.
“Dean.” His hunter jumped as Castiel was suddenly standing in front of him, moving backwards from where he was running. His eyes, always bright shining green, were even brighter than normal thanks to the exertion the god would wager. He was sweating, not enough to be pouring out of him but a sheen along his hairline.
“You know, Cas, you asked me if there was a chance for us,” the god felt both hot and cold as Dean stalked towards him, “while the answer is a ‘no’ it’s not a full no.” He hummed and struck out like a viper, getting ahold of the other man’s loose tie, pulling him closer.
“Just relax,” Castiel tried to get Dean to calm down, all it would take was a single moment and Dean would relax thanks to his grace.  He did manage to put two fingers to the tan face of his lover, instantly Dean went boneless, his eyes fluttering shut as he fell into a deep sleep.
“Do they always do that?” Gabriel asked looking between Dean and Castiel this being the first time he saw the two do their silent conversations through their eyes when his mind was not on other things.
Still outside gave him at least the illusion of privacy, it was possible he really did have that privacy, but he didn’t know and he trusted his instincts. Though he had the same face he didn’t earn the loyalty that kept Dean. He knew when he was in the bathroom at least he knew he was alone in the bathroom. That just made him find the feeling that he was being watched even when outside made him sure that it really was happening.
“I don't know, but my Sugar Cube should be able to sense us.” Gabriel added and the two quickly flew over to their hunters who were asleep in a hotel room. They didn't react at all and they silently watched them sleep not knowing what to do.
“Elder brother gave you to me, I hope he adopted you, you are so perfect...but plenty of your kind need a home.” He whispered gently stroking as the piggeh made those adorable little squeaking that they did. “You are so perfect...I think I will name you Dean.” He smiled a little bit, as Dean would have gasped if he had the ability to right now. “You'll like Dean, he is more of a rabbit lover but he could not say no to you.” Castiel smiled walking to sit down on the bed that Dean slept in looking around.
“Sam...what if they are hurt?” Dean asked looking out the window of the Impala, with Sam and Dean in the front having no idea that the angels they were talking about were sitting right behind them.
“Seriously? Just like that?” Dean asked confused and Castiel frowned. “Don't you want to see somewhere?”
“I never thought I’d get proposed to, definitely not naked in bed.” Dean smirked and Castiel hummed, the evidence of their coupling was still covering Dean. The post colitis cuddling-though Dean refused to call it that-had transformed into stroking and loving whispers.
He had thought that seeing Dean sleep would be hard, for him to make Dean sleep would be harder, that it would bring up the past; that he would have to cling to his necklace to keep himself grounded. Still it was obvious that his hunter was still alive, he was full of such life that it was impossible to mistake him for anything but alive.
“Don't worry Dean, it's just because I'm older.” He assured and Dean nodded still seeming put out but with a big smile to him Dean was back to normal chuckling and tugging him away from the room to play a game of tag.
Gabriel opened his mouth to answer but stopped as he heard the door opening. Turning to see the shirtless dean with a dark blue toothbrush in his mouth made him raise a eyebrow. He smirked and was ready to tease him. He knew it would anger Castiel but that was part of why he did it. He would also anger Dean which was fun as well. He quiet liked the human, not like Castiel of course. He would never try to steal his littler brother's boyfriend and Dean wasn't his type anyway, they were too similar. But that was why it made it so fun to mess with him.
“It's simple, just a bit of our grace and you two can control your powers temporarily, and by then you can be used to meditation to make it work.” Gabriel explained and Sam relaxed but then frowned.
He took more and more steps foreword, all Dean could see were those blue eyes he had come to love so much, they were the perfect shade, the same shade as the bright blue skies through the back window of the Impala when he was growing up.
“Well more I wanted to cook for my little brother again.” He had a strangely gentle smile on his face for only a few moments before it switched to a more normal cocky smile. “I don’t need to eat, but I know that at least one of you will think I poisoned it if I don’t eat something though.” Castiel looked at the food that is offered up, looking at the offered food. He looked at the omelets that were white because there was no yolks in the eggs and were filled with a mixture of cheese, mushrooms and herbs, more so parsley, pepper, and chives. The fruit was sprinkled with a little bit of sugar and the waffles were made up of whipped egg whites and the molecules held a lot of air. No poison.
Maybe Dean was right, Sam thought, maybe witches were extremely bad. When Sam had found the case in Texas he didn't think much about it. A simple salt and burn. He could have gone himself in all honesty, and now he wished he did.
“You want to, but you don't. Why?” He asked and Dean shook his head, the little kitten, who was barely old enough to be in the cat room instead of where they kept the kittens sequestered from the other cats. It obviously wanted petted and wasn't happy with Dean ignoring its meows for attention when he was talking to his angel so putting its claws in his jeans began climbing up his leg.
Dean jumped tackling the alpha down, pulling out the copper coin, “hey there darling.” He laughed pulling away as she snapped at him, Castiel was ready to but he had taken that chance to throw the coin down into her mouth and pulled out his machete slashing the head off in four whacks. He had no fear doing this, he knew that Scar-Cas was keeping the others off his back, and since it wasn’t Sammy and it wasn’t Castiel who was his best friends, this guy was Godstiel, he had nothing to worry about.
After he had calmed down he headed back inside and Castiel was honestly surprised at that. He watched them longer and longer getting more and more worried for his precious hunter. No matter how he tried to comfort him he couldn't do anything to make him feel better.
