The last one was John's favourite rule to break. Humans were notoriously dangerous, and exceedingly fun to mess with. When he was younger he started slowly, swimming closer to shore, spying on their odd, floating vessels. As he got older, he ventured closer and closer, nicking smaller items for trophies.
"Nice to meet you, Greg." John said slowly, watching his visitor warily. "Is there something I can help you with?"
"Well, at least someone is supportive," Victor says, throwing a pointed glare at the other two, who dutifully ignore it.
“I think the same old Sherlock is brilliant.” John blurted out, feeling as surprised as everyone else looked. “Sure, he can be a bit bossy, and sometimes it’s hard to tell that he cares, but he’s…well, he’s special.”
“Will we be meeting Mr Hudson anytime soon?” David asked conversationally, something that seemed to amuse Mrs Hudson.
The first years followed Professor McGonagall into the castle. Several gasped audibly as they caught sight of the grand entryway.
It didn’t take much for Sherlock to convince the silver-haired human to follow him home. The man had been sitting at the bar for over three hours, clearly drowning his sorrows with a pint when the vampire sat down next to him.
“The shooting wasn’t really my fault, thanks.” John retorted, crossing his arms over his chest, annoyed at the new stiffness in his shoulder.
“Six months ago.” Bill replied, looking as if he didn’t believe what John had told him. “His name was Sebastian Moran, and he and Moriarty had been dating for years.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened when the dark blue gaze met his, looking distinctly unimpressed. Sherlock gave a little growl, and while he could see the humans in the nearby cages flinch, the soldier didn’t move a muscle, just crossed his arms, his gaze asking
“Good to know you’re not as idiotic as the rest of the force.” Sherlock commented dryly, turning away from the yellow police tape that blocked his path.
“Interesting.” Sherlock mumbles, but doesn’t elaborate further. I am about to ask him if he thinks that I have a connection to the case when his phone rings.
“I love you very much, mummy, but I am finding a new planet to live on.” Sherlock told her, and he hung up before she could say anything else. Sherlock may have been only eight sun-cycles old, but he was already more intelligent than other boys his age.
Sherlock's whole body went warm at that, and he tried to mentally will the flush from his cheeks. Judging by the look on John's face, he wasn't entirely successful.
I thought it was absolutely perfect; it is Sherlock's name, minus the C, R, and K. Those letters will be introduced later...
"Thank you." Sherlock said after a moment. Suddenly, the entire press conference seemed a whole lot less tedious.
“You can see me?” He asked, his lightly accented voice soft. It was a deeper sound than John was expecting, and it took him a few seconds to recover.
“Yes yes. Love you too, and all that.” Mary said, and the phone clicked off. John let out a sigh, pleased to know that he would be rescued soon.
Sherlock watched as officers proceeded to handcuff his parents, who were too shocked to react properly. The officers began to lead them to the front doors, John trailing along behind them, looking helpless.
“Are you kidding?” Sherlock snorted. “It was tattered. I wouldn’t have been able to sell her, much less
“Well, I didn’t know. Sherlock has never kidnapped anyone before…” Molly said, and Tom put a comforting arm around her.
Without warning, John kicked off from the pitch, soaring high into the air. Sherlock watched him from the ground, feeling nervous.
The room was silent for a short moment as the man with the dark hair surveyed John, a confused expression clear on his face.
“Sit down with us.” Victor says, and it’s fairly clear that I don’t have much of a choice. I nod, and Victor’s hand drops away from my shoulder as he moves back to his chair. I sit across from him, glancing briefly at Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty. The later wiggles his fingers in a bright hello, and I can’t help but reciprocate his smile. “What’s your name, anyway?”
“Here goes nothing.” John sucked in a breath, and he stood up, making his way over to Sherlock slowly. This time, he would set things right.
“I think the same old Sherlock is brilliant.” John blurted out, feeling as surprised as everyone else looked. “Sure, he can be a bit bossy, and sometimes it’s hard to tell that he cares, but he’s…well, he’s special.”
John walked around the side of the estate, attempting to gain control of his annoyance. Sherlock didn’t seem to have any idea that what he did was bad, and no matter what he said, he didn’t seem to be learning. John just felt bad for the poor man’s family. They seemed so nice.
“I loathe repeating myself, John.” Purple admonished, moving toward him slowly. “You were supposed to take good care of yourself. You didn’t. You went off to war, and got shot.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and he sat up so he could look at John better. John tried not to fidget under his scrutiny, the closed ring box still tight in his grip.
"We've been asking you questions all afternoon," a woman pointed out, her pencil moving furiously as she struggled to write everything down.
"John, you okay?" Jim asked, squeezing his shoulders with an arm that had somehow wrapped around him during the action.
It started off as a chaste kiss, but quickly elevated into something more passionate. Lips, warm and slick, moved against each other in a sloppy caress that sent jolts of electricity through both of the young men. When Otto began to slow his pace, Sheol followed his lead happily, placing each of his gloved hands on Otto’s face, pulling him closer. He only stopped when Otto did, pulling back to look at his love with a smile on his face. The sight of the other man made him freeze in place.
"It's fun." Molly replied, setting a mug of coffee in front of Sherlock. It was a hideous shade of red, and Sherlock glared at that, too.
“I see that. And such wonderful gifts.” The Shining One looked at their gifts now. “Thank you Cain for your vegetables. You’re harvesting pleases me.” The Shining One said politely, turning to Abel’s gifts. “Abel, did you use the best of your livestock?”
“Essentially, you shall be my slave. In return, your sister shall get her wife back, and her soul will be saved.”
"Ravenclaw!" It shouted aloud, and Sherlock let out a breath of relief. He hoped off the stool, joining the table clad in blue and bronze.
There was no one at the front desk, and Mary let out another sigh, giving an annoyed glance at her currently ring-less finger before following the sounds of the party.
Without a second thought, he grabbed his Belstaff, wrapping it around himself to ward off any winter chill. He gave the pockets a quick pat, satisfied to feel his mobile in the right hand pocket. Then he grabbed the scarf and made his way out of the morgue.
"Well, I'm the new seeker of the Ravenclaw Quidditch team, and we have a game next week." Victor flashed him a smile. "And we need all the Ravenclaws we can get to cheer on the team."
Entering the cool, dark room at the end of the hall, Hudson is not surprised to find a bed not unlike the bed that was in his cell. The only difference was the dark black restraints that cut across the white rather violently.
"Look at you both," Their mother's voice said behind them, and both Sherlock and Mycroft turned to look at her. Violet Holmes, like Mycroft, had been a Slytherin, and she wore green and silver robes in honour of the occasion. "Both my boys at Hogwarts at last. Oh, I'm so proud of you both."
I take the opportunity, leaping forward and grabbing at the gun. I let out a shout of victory when my hand closes around cold metal, pulling the gun out of Moriarty's hand.
“Yes, about that.” John said, following Sherlock around the mansion. “What exactly am I supposed to do around here, anyway?”
“Yeah, but not for a party.” Mike said, and I shrugged. That was true. I always came up with some excuse to skive off the parties. This one looked to be unavoidable, though.
"Not sure where he is, to be honest," I reply weakly. "He hasn't told me if he'll be coming or not."
“He used to be.” The handler sighed. “Escaped. We’re the only facility that has any capabilities of holding him. He’s not for sale.”
"A bit of a hero, are we, Johnny-boy?" A familiar voice pulls me from my reverie. The holding cell is anything but homey, but the Irish voice of Jim Moriarty manages to make it seem a bit friendlier.
Sherlock watched as Victor left, the door tinkling as he made his escape into the London streets.  Sherlock could do little else but gape after him, a nudge from Molly bringing him back to his senses.
"Sherlock, I am proud of you." Father said, and Sherlock felt quite warm. "No more trying to find you a different job. Not from me."
"So...you went on a rampage because you were bored with Sherlock?" I clarify, feeling way out of my depth. Five minutes ago Jim was a kind, rather simpleminded friend of mine. Now I didn't know what to think.
Sheol lifted his un-gloved hand and clasped the angels, a brief flash of light flickering between the hands before vanishing.
“It’s nice.” John commented, peering up at the upstairs windows. “Small, but we don’t need anything bigger, now that Harry’s off to Uni.”
"Your tail," Sherlock said after a moment, gesturing down. "There's some scarring on your right caudal fin. Which was it, a boat propeller or coral?"
“This is John Watson.” Another officer said, grabbing hold of John and pulling him behind her before aiming her gun at Sherlock, whose hands were in the air.
“Happy Christmas.” Molly said, letting the police and the blonde lady out of her flat before turning back to Tom, feeling miserable.
Sherlock yanked at his hair in frustration as he paced around an apartment in Los Angeles, waiting for a man to die. John Watson was becoming an increasingly appealing thorn in his side, and he didn't know if there was anything he could do to prevent his appalling behaviour, or if he even wanted to prevent it.
John led Sherlock through the corridors of St Bart's, taking him on a familiar path to a familiar landmark.
Eventually, watching John on his telescope wasn't enough. John was spending less time at his home, and more time with other humans. They spent time in strange buildings and kicking strange objects, and Sherlock's curiosity got the better of him.
I walk away before Sherlock can say anything else. Not once to I turn and look back, but I swear I can feel Sherlock’s eyes assessing me as I leave, his gaze pinned to my figure before I turn a corner and am out of his sight.
Sherlock stared at her for a few seconds before rising jerkily, darting off towards the stairs. The four of them watched him go in shock.
“No.” The handler sighed. “He’s much too crafty with the collars. This one will not only shock him if he’s misbehaved, but it will inject a sedative if need be. It was designed with him in mind.”
“Of course.” Sherlock gave a small, hesitant smile in return. “That’s not what people normally say.”
“You don’t understand.” Sherlock shook his head, not even foul language from Molly unable to break through his shock. “He was my ticket to a decent Christmas. My parents were finally proud of me for something and-fuck!”
“We thought he would grow out of it.” Siger said. “But I’m afraid he’s still the same old Sherlock.”
“What you’re doing…it’s not healthy.” Greg replied. “He’s become very attached to you. It might be hard for you to comprehend; after all, he’s known you for longer than you’ve known him.”
"I've been giving you a hard time," John sighed. "Making your job difficult. If you tell me to stop, I will."
“Yes.” Mycroft managed to look only slightly guilty. “I have important work to do, and I can’t just leave my mobile for days on end. Sherlock has my personal phone.”
“Everyone loves you, Victor.” I reply, tugging on my book bag. “I have to go to class. See you at lunch.”
Several more slaves came and went, not a single one to Sherlock’s liking. Most were deemed too stupid for the genius, others too disagreeable. It was on Sherlock’s twenty-first birthday that the Holmes family decided that Sherlock should pick out a slave for himself.
Sherlock hummed noncommittally, staring at the body for a few more seconds before standing upright. “The slave’s master killed them. He is a routine abuser, and will most likely kill his other slaves if not arrested.”
“Perhaps I’ll assist you more often, Lestrade.” Sherlock responded, raising an eyebrow to hide how pleased he was. “Make a proper detective out of you yet.”
“Lord, are you two really that stupid?” A voice jarred John out of his embarrassed thoughts. He turned to see Mary there, rolling her eyes and grinning.
"I wouldn't miss it for the world." Molly said, her smile a little wobbly. "I mean, it's not every day your best friend solves a murder."
Thankfully, his fellow classmates took the news even better than he had hoped. His rugby mates voted him captain unanimously, and some had even made it their personal mission to find him his first boyfriend.
“It was…very nice. It was snowing, and there were Christmas lights…everyone was truly happy,” Sherlock said, taking a large drink of wine.
Sherlock stared at Doctor Watson, and for a second, barely a millisecond, the doctor’s eyes met his. Sherlock’s eyes widened, even as Watson looked away. He would be convincing himself he was imagining things, Sherlock knew, but the man still
“Oh, god no.” Victor chuckles and rolls his eyes. “I never buy them, I just get them. Which reminds me, I better get one from you!”
Sherlock looks confused for a brief second, bringing a cigarette to his lips and lighting it with a quick flick of a small lighter. His expression clears, and he rolls his eyes at me.
“And if you break any of these rules, you can’t sit with us at lunch.” Jim pipes in, taking a large bite out of an orange, which seems to be a normal colour, thank god.
John turned just then, his eyes going wide when they landed on Sherlock. He smiled brighter than when they had won, and Sherlock’s stomach flipped in a way that wasn’t entirely unpleasant.
My mum and dad are sitting on the sofa in front of the telly.  Both of them look up in surprise when they hear us come in.
Shuffling from the other room could be heard, and John made his way into the room before he could be discovered eavesdropping.
The DI looked completely befuddled, not that Sherlock was very surprised. Most people looked this way whenever he was talking. Victor had always walked off at this point, claiming he needed to get away from all the ‘ridiculous talk’.
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
"Right, sorry about that. The name is John Watson," The boy said, sitting down next to Sherlock. "Gryffindor second year, and a muggleborn, may I add."
They entered the sitting room, and Sherlock smiled at the eager looks on his parent’s faces. He placed his hand on the small of John’s back in a gesture he hoped looked sincere.
“See you, Sherlock.” John gave a little wave, following Siger out the door and getting into the car. Freedom was finally his!
John laughed at that, causing Sherlock to laugh as well. “I suppose you’re right. But that’s hardly as interesting as what you do. Consulting detective, right?”
“Perhaps that is the goal.” A voice rumbles from behind me, and I whip around to see Sherlock dressed as a pirate captain. He didn’t have anything flashy like a hook or an eye-patch, but his detailed greatcoat and captain’s hat told it all. It also didn’t help that he had a dark smudge of eyeliner around his eyes, making the blue pop.
Naturally, the small coffee shop was completely packed, and Sherlock didn’t have any time to brood about the mood his father would be in when he discovered that he had missed the interview. He had just stepped behind the counter, tying his apron on as he went, when his co-worker Molly bounced up to him, cheeks flushed from all the running around she had been doing.
It’s about halfway through the song when something bashes into me. Without thinking, I wrap my arms around the body and dip it low, surprised to see that Victor has fallen into my arms. A quick glance up reveals the horrified face of Sebastian Moran, who had apparently run into Victor.
Not gonna lie, I don't normally update a fic as fast as I did this one, but I really wanted to give you guys a little Sherlock time, and a taste of Johniarty. (If you're reading for the MorMor, I am so sorry. It's mostly onesided in this fic.)
“I could run out and get a larger pot.” John replied innocently, earning a beam from Violet and a panicked glare from Sherlock.
"Right, we just have a few questions for you. A few people told me that Oliver Jones was your boyfriend. Is that true?"
John pulled his hand out of Jim’s grasp, not looking at anyone as he mumbled a quick goodbye, heading out the door.
“I must go. I have the perfect hiding spot, and I have to check on how Victor is settling in. We’ll be down for dinner.” Sherlock said.
Two fishermen had supposedly caught it just off the coast of Clacton-on-Sea, spearing the creature through the shoulder on accident.
Guess who's trash? I am trash! I apologize for the long delay, but I have good news! This fic will be my only focus until its finished. So no more 9 month long waits between chapters!
Sherlock, like most of the population, assumed the whole thing had just been a grizzly hoax. So when a banner declaring the London Aquarium's newest exhibit popped up, Sherlock spent hours annoying Mycroft until he gave him clearance to go see the beast.
John hadn't seen Sherlock at all the night before, so it came as a surprise to wake up to him sitting on the end of his bed.
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
“Oh, I do hope he’s brought Anthea. She was such a sweetheart.” Mummy practically chirped, peering out the window as well. The lack of Mycroft’s girlfriend, however, was instantly apparent.
“Victor, don’t you think that’s enough now?” Sherlock chuckled. “You’ve made your joke. It’s all good now.”
A screech of tyres grabbed John's attention, and he looked up to see the cab wheeling around and racing at them once more.
Sherlock sighed as he finished his duties for the day. John had been fairly quiet, something that worried Sherlock immensely. It had been at least twenty-four hours since John’s last attempt, and the silence was concerning.
“You didn’t have to get me anything,” John said, looking touched. Sherlock didn’t have the heart to tell him that she had technically gotten that for Victor and not him, but as he was pretending to be Victor, he received it instead.
“I can’t believe you think I like to gossip.” Sebastian’s deep voice shocks me slightly. Apparently he had been listening in.
John swam to the top of the tank, leaning his body over the glass so he could peer down at Sherlock.
Greg chuckled softly. “There are thousands of angels in heaven, but I do know Mycroft. He is my partner.”
He kept busy after that, gathering the necessary supplies for John's escape. Hot wiring one of Mycroft's pretentious black cars, he lined the boot with heavy duty plastic. After testing it out, he filled the boot with water, then sat down and waited.
"I can't believe he broke up with me," Were the first words out of Victor's mouth as he sat down at our lunch table.
"Vampires are not the stuff of myths and legends," Sherlock said, watching Watson's face. "For centuries, we've been hidden. Our human slaves have made it so we don't go on rampages."
“Does it matter?” John asked defiantly. “I called someone, and they’re going to come and rescue me.”
“Sherlock.” Sherlock responded with a smirk, clearly enjoying John’s annoyance. “Don’t start with that ‘Master’ nonsense. It’s really most unbecoming of you.”
“Subject 6745, homo sapiens.” A cool voice said nearby, and John’s eyes opened just in time to see a group of five people standing in front of what John assumed to be a wall, but now was open space that lead to a hallway. He watched as a blank, white wall slid smoothly and silently back into place, completely hiding the hallway from view once more. John couldn’t even see a seam where the door was, just smooth expanse.
“Really, Mycroft?” Sherlock scoffed, his red tail swinging in agitation. “If you’re forcing me to choose a slave, why can’t I be in my dragon form?”
“You look very dashing,” Sherlock replied, flushing. Clearly he was coming down with a fervour if his temperature kept fluctuation at such an alarming rate.
Of course, just because blonds had been given freedom didn’t make them completely free. Their new laws allowed for loopholes. If a blond committed a crime, they could be sold as a slave once more. Sherlock should have known something was wrong when he saw the smug look on Mycroft’s face.
“He wasn’t pursuing me.” John insisted. “A bit flirtatious, I suppose, but nothing untoward. When did he boyfriend die?”
“Is that what you call it?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, coming to rest beside John. “I didn’t realise putting feathers in my trouser pockets was adequate revenge.”
“And who might this soul-mate of yours be?” Greg asked after a long minute, a pleasant smile on his face. Though the idea of Sheol’s soul-mate appearing without word from God was worrisome, the joy on Sheol’s face was enough to make anyone smile.
"We have plenty of time before dinner." John said, laughing softly. “I actually have something in mind first. Just let me get changed, and then we'll go downstairs."
“Oh, they’re incredibly upset with me. Wouldn’t say one word the whole night.” Sherlock said. “But we’re fine, otherwise. How about you?”
"The disappearance, of course!" Sherlock said, tapping his foot. "I can't get it out of my head. I know it wasn’t an accident."
“Oh, even when he was younger, Sherlock wanted to be a detective.” Violet said. “He would talk about solving murders, and examining bodies.”
"I didn't expect you to work it out this soon," Jim replies easily. "I thought you would go running to big brother for help."
“Humans lack the proper term.” Greg said patiently. “Here one might call it marriage, but it is far stronger than that. We were created for one another.”
I suppose it’s natural for parents to cry on their kid’s first day of school, but this usually happens when the kid is five. I’m 16, and until today, I was home-schooled. I know what you’re thinking, home-school kids are freaks, or are super religious. But my family’s not like that. We’re pretty normal, except for the fact that I grew up in Afghanistan. My father was in the military, and so we spent the last four years living nearby the army base where my dad was stationed. But now his years of active duty are up, and we’re back to living in London. Well, most of us. My older sister, Harry, decided to go to Uni in America.
It seems to start off friendly, both Sherlock and Victor are relaxed as they chat, but all too soon Sherlock seems to get agitated. He glances over at me several times, and each time I look away, pretending to be interested in a painting or someone’s conversation. I don’t get why Greg and Mike seem to hate Victor. This may be terribly uncomfortable, but he’s only trying to be nice.
"Welcome to Hogwarts, I am Professor McGonagall,” the woman said. "In just a few minutes you will be sorted into one of four houses. While at Hogwarts, your house will be like a family to you. You will eat with your house, live with your house, and learn with your house. If you follow the rules, your house will gain points. Any rule breaking will lose your house points. At the end of the term, whichever house has the most points will win the house cup. Follow me."
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful comments. You all brighten my day so much. As always, tell me what you think, any mistakes you find, or suggestions you have.
Before John had any time to react, the demon shifted, pressing his lips against his roughly, his hand clasping the back of the human’s neck to keep him in place. John’s hands fisted in the collar of the demon’s coat, clinging to him as they vanished in a puff of black smoke.
"Why not?" John shrugged. "You're brilliant, charming, and handsome. I know you don't really like me all that much, so I won't take it personally-"
“12? That means you’re 16 now.” Mike is clearly surprised. “What are you doing in an advanced bio class?”
Cain huffs a laugh, grabbing a hold of Sheol’s shoulder, pulling him in the direction Cain had just come from. “You know Abel and I cannot leave mother and father! They need our help caring for the young ones, ploughing the fields and tending to the animals…” Cain frowns, a wistful look appearing on his face. “Perhaps, when the young ones are old enough to help, we can adventure.”
Sherlock watched as John left, the door closing softly behind him. He watched the door, counting the seconds, minutes, and moments since John had left. He watched the door until he knew John was gone, and then he left, a quick shout to Mrs Hudson that he was leaving as the only proof he had been there at all.
The glow was gone, disappearing as suddenly as it had come, and Sheol looked down in confusion. He shook Abel’s shoulder gently.
“This is my room?” John asked, feeling surprised. From what he understood, most dragon’s kept their human slaves in their rooms. It made it easier to watch them, and they were always at the ready if their dragon needed something.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking,” Sherlock blurted out. “And sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.”
“Dr Watson, Mr Sherlock Holmes.” Stamford said by way of introduction. Though he was slightly annoyed by being ignored, he stuck out a hand to Dr Watson, shaking it firmly.
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
A cab was speeding down the road, going much faster than John had ever seen. He glanced at the driver, his stomach dropping when he saw Sebastian Moran sitting behind the wheel, eyes fixed on Jim.
"Tom." John said again, and Sherlock glanced over at him. All the warmth was gone from John's gaze, only hard steel remaining. "What's going on?"
Autumn fell upon the castle quickly, and winter followed soon after, and before Sherlock knew it, Christmas break was upon them. He had pleaded with mummy to stay at the castle, but even Mycroft had to come home.
Seriously, I thought that maybe two people would read this, and find it mediocre. You all are lovely, and I hope you like this chapter.
I spot Greg in the hallway and make a beeline towards him. His rucksack is slung over his shoulder, and he looks about as exhausted as I feel.
"I did say it was psychosomatic," Sherlock reminded him softly. "Apparently you needed enough a distraction to forget."
“Mummy, I don’t want to work for the government.” Sherlock replied petulantly. “I want to solve mysteries, puzzles, crimes!”
Sherlock, who had prided himself in the knowledge that he would never be bogged down with foolish sentiment, discovered that he had fallen in love, and it was far too late to get out.
Sherlock licked Lestrade’s skin before biting down, making a satisfied noise as blood welled up through the holes to greet him. This one was so plaint, he would make a nice slave.
"What?" I ask dumbly, staring up at Jim in confusion. He's a few inches taller than me, and my seated position in my cell wasn't helping matters. I look around, noticing that all the guards that had been there earlier have disappeared. "Where are all the officers?"
“But this was far more exciting.” Sherlock chuckled, reaching out to smooth down my fringe. I freeze, and Sherlock seems to come to his senses, pulling his hand away quickly.
Sherlock’s second slave, gifted to him at the age of thirteen, served him for about two weeks before he grew bored of him. Victor followed Sherlock around incessantly even when he had demanded that the human should leave him alone. The breaking point had been when Victor hid in his master’s room to see his human form. Sherlock had gotten so angry that he nearly scorched the terrified boy. Not that it was uncommon for slaves to see the human form of dragons, as both Anthea and Greg had seen his as well as Mycroft’s, but Sherlock didn’t trust this human to view his yet.
“I was planning on buying yours right now.” I reply sweetly, and Victor’s hundred watt smile is back on his face.
Not that it mattered much anyway. John was currently in deep conversation with another person, and Sherlock’s insides went icy when he saw who it was. The silver-haired angel beamed at something John said, patting him on his good shoulder.
“Sherlock, calm down.” Mycroft snapped, and the anger vanished from Sherlock’s face, replaced with a cool indifference. “I would have thought you would have been over whatever tiff we had before.”
He watched at Mycroft looked over at Greg in confusion. Sheol wondered if The Shining One, or God, as he was currently called, had mentioned to the angels that his soul-mate was ready. It would certainly explain why Greg and Mycroft had never told him that he should be looking.
“I’m not a nice person.” Sherlock agreed softly. “But my mother is happy. That is my only intention in all of this. As soon as Christmas is over, I’ll never darken your doorstep again.”
Greg clapped him on his good shoulder, giving a short chuckle. “I don’t think that’s going to happen, mate. Sherlock won’t leave you be, any more than you want to be left alone.”
John swam around in anxious circles, his nerves still a mess from the day's events. The humans had been loud, gaping at him obnoxiously. It had been easier to put up with when Sherlock had still been there, but they had taken him away hours ago, and he hadn't returned. It was enough to tie John's stomach in to knots.
“It’s mummy’s favourite book. Something of a tradition.” Sherlock replied as they walked over to the sofa’s, sitting down so they could all face each other.
“You can see me?” Sherlock blurted out, feeling rather unintelligent about the whole ordeal. Instead of impressing the solider with his brains, he was saying whatever nonsense came to mind.
Sherlock beamed at him, then turned around, leaving the room. John pulled on some jeans and a jumper, pleased that his headache was going away.
“So romantic!” Violet sighed happily, and John pulled back, his face flushing brilliantly. “Oh, look at you two, blushing like two teenagers!”
"Chuffed," Molly intoned. She turned back to Tom, "now Tom, I told Dr Watson that you would meet him outside St Bart's, and you would be wearing a long coat with a scarf."
"Sorry," I say shaking my head. If I keep acting like this, then people will really start to believe I'm a murderer. "I just didn't want my new...err...boyfriend finding out?"
"Right," DI Lestrade nods, jotting something else down. "Thank you, Mr Watson. That should be everything. If I have any more questions, I'll give you a call. You're free to go."
John swam down towards him, nodding once before visibly steeling himself. He pressed a hand to the glass, and Sherlock placed his hand on the glass over it.
Sherlock peeled open his eyes, squinting immediately in the late morning sun. The sun had just started its morning ascent when he came crashing off the pier, so he must have been out for several hours.
"That's not what people normally say," Sherlock admitted, burying his face in a book to hide his reddening face.
"Just because Mycroft invited him, doesn't mean he isn't spying on us," Sherlock reasoned. "In fact, I would argue that it was more likely."
"I'm sorry to bother you, but all the other compartments are taken. I was wondering..." She trailed off, looking at the empty seat in front of Sherlock with hope.
"Ah, you expected something more exciting," John's mouth quirked into a small grin. "I picked it myself. My birth name is a bit complicated for the human tongue."
"He has a point," Sherlock said with a shrug. "You all are babbling nonsense at him, rather than asking him scientific questions." Sherlock glanced up at the creature, who was watching him steadily. The corner of his mouth twitch slightly as if he were going to smile at Sherlock, before thinking better of it.
“Greg is too gay to function.” Mike explains to me, laughing at whatever reaction my face happened to twist itself into. I look over at Greg, and he has a pleased smile on his face.
He made his way towards the locker rooms, and he almost went in when he heard voices. They were coming from just around the corner, and they weren’t bothering to be quiet.
“If you’re from Afghanistan, why are you white?” Jim asks, confusion clear on his face. I stare at him for a few seconds, trying to figure out if he’s joking or not.
“Hey…Sarah, is it?” I say and she nods vigorously. “I am going to need three candy canes. One is for Victor Trevor from me, but can I do something a little different with the other two?” Another nod. Oh, this is going to be easier than I expected.
Of course, it was obvious now that the whole thing had been in his imagination. The tall pale figure clad in a dark coat would have stood out in the Afghani desert. No, his mind had merely played tricks on him as he lay dying.
She looked from John to Sherlock, confusion flitting across her face, followed by understanding, then anger.
“Yes, Mummy.” Sherlock replied, pulling on a pair of black trousers and a white button up. While it may be the uniform for Higbies, the coffee shop that Sherlock was employed at, it would also serve as an acceptable outfit for the insufferable interview his father was forcing him to go on.
"Well, we had better get going then!" Mrs Hudson said, looking excited. "We don't have any time to lose."
"Right. Let me just give you some privacy." Sherlock said, standing and practically running from the room in his haste. If he had been paying attention, he would have heard a fond huff of laughter from John.
“Oh, hush.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, but the smirk forming on the corner of his mouth shows his humour. “We came here to work on a case, did we not?”
"Yeah, but this one had a bad flavour. Almost like...you know when you get hit with a jinx, and you have a bad flavour in your mouth after?"
"Shut it, you." Mike interrupted Bill, before turning back to John. "We wish you all the best with this mystery bloke, but we've got a little something up our sleeves if it doesn't work out."
The Hogwarts Express lurched as it began to move, slowly pulling away from platform 9 3/4. Sherlock waved until he could no longer see his father or mother, and continued to wave for an extra minute or so just for good measure. It wasn't until Kings Cross was no longer visible that Sherlock pulled his arm in, feeling suddenly alone.
I study the initials closer this time. I only know one person with those initials, and I never gave him my number. It couldn’t possibly be him, could it? I type out a short response, sending it before I can talk myself out of it.
"You know what I mean," Sherlock bit out. "I assume you've come to try and get John to spy on me too, yeah?"
"See you then." John waved, then made his way towards the changing rooms. Sherlock waved back, a bit belatedly.
An hour and a half of walking outside in the cold left John’s toes numb, but he couldn’t bring himself to care as he and Sherlock entered the estate, stomping the snow off their shoes. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was still laughing as he continued to tell John about the things he used to do to Mycroft when he was younger.
Both Sebastian and Jim’s eyes widen as Victor storms off, leaving Sherlock behind. Sherlock mumbles a few apologies before following Victor. Sebastian huffs, clearly hurt, and I see Jim wrap an arm around him, leading him away from me.
I was frustrated looking for a different name for Sherlock, when I happened to stumble upon it looking at different variations for the verse above:
Sherlock Holmes?!" John sat up, looking excited. "Christ, but the way my rugby mates were talking about you, you seemed so scary."
"What do you mean, you're going to France for the summer?" John frowned at Sherlock, who sat across from him in their normal seats in the library. It was the day before summer break, and Sherlock was itching to leave the school, even if it meant he wouldn't get to see John.
“Come on, John!” David called, and John turned to look, surprised to see a smiling woman around his dad’s age standing there, smiling cheerfully.
“Alright, your majesty. I’ll be back soon.” I stand, stretching slightly before making my way towards the front of the lunchroom, my gaze focused on the cooler that held the milk.
“Fascinating.” Mycroft said, walking closer. “If you paid any attention to current events, you would realise that Captain John Watson was a lead instigator in the war. Why isn’t he in a higher security prison?”
Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from lunging forward to press a kiss to John’s lips. Overall, it was rather awkward, and quite unpractised, but the bright smile on John’s face when he pulled back let him know that he did it correctly.
"You can still." Moriarty grinned, standing up at last, walking towards them. He stopped next to John, surveying him coldly. "I'll grant you, your human is pretty. Such a backstory too, a soldier, a rebel. But he's nothing more than a dull human."
Sherlock cursed his luck, pulling his mobile out of his pocket. He sighed once at the sight of Lestrade's name, answering with a succinct "Holmes."
The creature appeared to be male, judging by the lack of mammary glands and traditional masculine features. (
The employee looked up in surprise, his eyes widening as he noticed the two cops standing in the coffee shop as well.
“How odd.” Molly said, jotting down a few notes. “But he gave himself up for his sister selfishly. This is an interesting case, indeed.”
“You’re coming with me.” Sherlock told him. “I’m in need of a boyfriend for Christmas, and you’re the perfect contender.”
“I just don’t understand why he would get you and Jim candy canes but not me.” He said, pacing the floor, and attempting to look masculine while doing it. If anyone could pull that off, it was Sebastian Moran. “I mean, he likes me better than both of you.”
“I don’t think I’ve been in here more than once.” Sherlock mused, watching John as he spread the blanket across the glossy wood floors. “There is a sofa behind you.”
The day passed in relative normality, or as normal as one can get when they can see ghosts. John was almost disappointed something
John opened his mouth to tell Sherlock off, but he was interrupted by a low buzzing sound. Sherlock's hand lifted, stopping anything John was going to say in its tracks.
Sherlock wondered if this was what having a proper friend felt like. Not that Molly Hooper wasn’t a proper friend, per se, but she was from a difference social group than Sherlock. He was a loner, and she needed to have friends, and people to talk to, and cats. John was different sort of friend, they clicked. John was wonderful.
"You said 'John and I' when the correct structure of the sentence would be 'John and me'. Think of it as a replace and remove exercise where you remove the-"
The next afternoon I find myself sitting with the plastics, wearing an oversized green t-shirt of Mike’s that reached my mid-thighs. I had arrived before Victor, but Jim and Sebastian had beat me to the table. I didn’t consider this an entirely terrible thing, because the pair were giving me pointers on how to be cool, or something.
“There’s a room at the end of the hall over there.” Mrs Hudson said, gesturing past the kitchen. “And another room upstairs.”
“You don’t have to, but I’m enjoying my time with your family,” he said, and Sherlock was surprised to discover that he was completely serious.
“Oh god.” Sherlock gasped, rushing over to the unconscious blond, expecting to see blood on the ice and concrete. Thankfully there would be no lasting damage. He’d have a nasty headache when he wakes up, but that’s about it.
"Sorry, just have to make sure it's not work," John said, fishing out his mobile. The glow illuminated his face as he opened up the text, accentuating the widening of his eyes.
The end of the day rapidly approaches, and all too soon, I find myself leaving St. Bart’s. Walking down the stone steps that I found so imposing just that morning. As I dart around the corner, heading for home, I run solidly into someone who is leaning against the wall. We fall to the ground in a tangle of limbs.
Sherlock lowered John into the boot, and John took a quick gulp of water, feeling relieved. He folded himself into the tight space, peering up at Sherlock gratefully.
When the nozzle popped, indicating that the tank was full, Sherlock let out a little hum, replacing the nozzle and petrol cap before grabbing his wallet.
"God, are you really this dumb?" Jim sighs again. "I wasn't try to put you in prison, Johnny-boy. I was trying to put Sherlock there."
“Not one.” Sherlock confirmed, and John beamed at him again, causing Sherlock’s stomach to do an odd sort of flip that wasn’t entirely unpleasant.
"The way you hold yourself suggests that you are thinking about going into the military. When you are thinking about it, you keep your posture military-rigid, though you quickly relax when your attention is other places. Your books in your nap sack tell me that you're going to train to be a doctor, and to pay for schooling with the military. You don't come from an affluent background, suggested by your hand-me-down nap sack from your brother, and slightly used clothes- not that they don't look good on you- so that only confirms my army doctor hypothesis. You like rugby, but you don't love it. Your father wants you to be in it, however, so you work your hardest to make him proud. You don't make friends easily. That's not to say that you aren't popular, but it takes a lot for you to trust someone, so those that consider themselves to be your friends actually aren't."
“I like your costume.” I say finally. “I was worried you were going to be a football star or something.”
“Irene is only using him so she can get to Kate. Victor is bi, and I’ve never told anyone because I am such a good friend.” Sebastian huffs, looking defeated.
Sherlock allowed himself to be ushered out halfway through the day. John looked visibly stricken when he was led away, but Sherlock could only shake his head.
“It was hardly difficult.” He says, lighting the fag. “I cornered Lestrade before our physical education class. While questioning him on his opinions of the current market, I stole his phone. Sure enough, he had your number. I memorised it before giving his mobile back to him.”
But of course, they never do. By lunchtime, Sebastian is more than distraught, and he pulls me aside to complain.
“I hope you have two.” Sherlock dumped the rubbish bag on the pavement, reaching out to grab the fresh cigarette that was wordlessly passed to him.
Sherlock walked around the table to sit in the empty chair next to John, who was heaping Yorkshire pudding onto his plate.
“This is yours.” Sherlock said quickly, pulling out the ring that John had fake-proposed to him with. God, he couldn’t believe it was only a day ago. “Now you can give it to your fiancée…Meredith, was it?”
"Firs' years! Firs years, gather roun'!" A booming voice said, and Sherlock and Molly turned to see a man that had to be at
"They refused to release their slaves." John sounded angry. "We do not deserve to be treated like cattle merely because our hair is a different colour than yours."
"He's hardly a slave." Sherlock snapped without thought. "And it's what he wants. He desires to leave, to see his family."
That wasn't to say that John didn't find his name on the wall anymore. Occasionally he would spot his name between random doodles, but it wasn't as often anymore.
Mycroft watched the pale, dark haired man warily, his fingers tapping on the ornate desk in front of him. The other man shifted in his chair impatiently, his icy gaze revealing nothing.
The sounds of footsteps drawing near rips him from his reverie. Glowering at the sound, the man leans back against his bed, looking perfectly at ease.
"And it was found at the scene of the crime," Lestrade continued. "The bullet that killed Mycroft's slave came from this gun."
"Still?" A deep voice said behind him, causing John to involuntarily shiver. "I would have thought you would have been in several relationships since Jeanette."
“Is your cherry popped?” The boy asks me. I stare at him in complete confusion. What on earth is he talking about? Was that some sort of dessert option in the lunch line?
Sherlock's lungs began to ache, and he tapped insistently on John's shoulder. John didn't seem to notice as he continued to swim, getting them far away from the pier. Sherlock tapped again, his vision going a bit fuzzy.
Sherlock Holmes was one year younger, and about a thousand times smarter than John. Not that John needed help during lab, but his rather easy on the eyes table mate made the experience so much better.
Their boats bumped against the shore, and they clamoured out before making their way towards the great doors.
As soon as he made out of the building, he put on speed, racing along the thankfully deserted pier, the wood planks making the trip rough.  Sherlock glanced behind him, frustrated to see two men tailing him on foot now, their suits as pristine as Mycroft's.
“Could you give me their addresses, please?” The silver haired officer asked, flashing his detective inspector badge.
“Anyway, there was a family that lived nearby, and every year they had a Christmas party. That year they had asked me to play violin for their guests.”
He walked to the first door he saw, knocking softly. A few moments later the door opened, an older lady peering out at him in confusion.
“Are you really that upset that I rejected Molly?” Sherlock asked after a moment of silence, London thrumming around them as they walked the crowded streets.
“Mycroft is an idiot.” John replied. “Now shut up and kiss me, because I’ve been missing you all summer, and that’s the only way you can make it up to me.”
“You aren't a freak, Sherlock.” John managed to say. “You’re smart, and a bit eccentric at times, but not a freak.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Something boring.” Sherlock waved off the question with a flick of his wrist. “I couldn’t be bothered to learn.”
"Sherlock," John tried the name out, satisfied at the feel of it in his mouth. "It is very...interesting to meet you. My name is John."
"I know you're a genius and everything, but you told me that the Thames was too dirty, and that the ocean was very far from here," John reasoned. "How do you suggest I escape?"
"Don't look so lovesick," Mike snickers at me. "Victor will catch on that your secret boyfriend is his ex."
"They were persuaded to check on the other prisoners while I visited," Jim replied icily. "You and I have important things to discuss."
“I mean, I should have gotten a candy cane.” Sebastian continues. “I was the one who suggested he wear platforms when he complained that he was too short. It made him three inches taller!”
It was as if the young man was glowing. The aura was powerful, and Sheol had the desire to reach out and touch, to feel the glow of Abel. Peeling off a glove, Sheol walked over slowly, transfixed by the warmth. He bent down, placing his hand gently over the brightest part of the glow, right in the centre of his chest.
"Don't lie to me," Sherlock scoffed. "I won't tell anyone. Your family disapproves of your danger streak, but you've been getting riskier as you've gotten older-"
John trailed off as Sherlock walked over to him, his eyes filled with determination. The man was graceful even when upset, and it was really unfair.
“Calm down, he’s here to assist me.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, marching over to the body on the ground. John followed him, smirking when a few of the dragon’s backed away.
He started when his name was called, making his way up to the stool. He sat, taking in the whole of the Great Hall staring at him before the hat slipped over his eyes.
“I…yes.” John said slowly, watching scales begin to spread over some of the dragons’ skins. A few even transformed into their dragon form, growling deeply.
“Well, Victor does this thing…it’s completely ridiculous, but he thinks he’s being funny…” Sherlock began. “He…well, he likes to joke that I’ve kidnapped him, and he really get into the act. Sometimes he doesn’t know when to stop. I know it’s silly, but could you just laugh and play along a little bit? He’ll feel so much better.”
“Back on the cake again?” Sherlock tutted, turning to look at his elder brother. “For shame. You know what it does to your figure. Your phone and keys, please.”
Perhaps Sherlock should have told him that he wasn't Tom, that he wasn't John's date. Perhaps he should have explained the situation, and taken John to find Tom. There were a thousand things he could have said, but what really came out of his mouths was-
"I've been...distracted," John replied. Sherlock had laughed at one of his feeble jokes on Wednesday, and John had been riding the high off that the rest of the week. "Why are you talking to me, you never talk to me."
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock asked, feeling thunderstruck. John was supposed to vanish, to never appear again, yet there he was, wearing the jumper that Mummy bought for him.
"I'm pretty sure we'll have to give statements to the police," Jim said, looking amused. "And I still have to thank my hero somehow. Perhaps a date?"
always read it.” Sherlock said, looking affronted. John looked over at Sherlock for the first time since he had put the angel on the top of the tree. He looked completely hurt, and John felt even guiltier.
It didn’t take them very long to carry their belongings upstairs. The Watson men had never been much for a plethora of belongings. Anything they didn’t need, or that didn’t have sentimental value, was left in their old house for the new owners to have.
"Shit." John leaped down the flight of stairs, breaking out into a full run. His heart raced as he tried to dart around the other students, bumping into a few on occasion.
I can feel me face heat up even more, and I look over to Victor and Sherlock for help. Victor is watching me intently, but Sherlock looks even dourer than before, though I have no idea why.
“That one?” A handler asked, looking at Sherlock if he was insane. Perhaps he was. “That’s Captain John Watson.”
"Give me time," Sherlock replied, chuckling softly. "I'm a consulting detective. Only one in the world; I created the job."
“This is your chance to put all that detective nonsense behind you.” Father responded, sound far more cheerful than he had a minute previous. “A fresh new start. Make us proud, son.”
“By telling her that her mouth was too small without lipstick.” John looked over at Sherlock in disbelief, ready to tell him off before catching sight of his tail, horns, and claws. “Right…it’s none of my business, is it, Master?”
“Was your room.” John replied. “John Watson, and this room is mine now, and I don’t very much want to share with a ghost.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, taking a large bite of goose. His own plate was now piled high with food, though he doubted he would eat it all.
“You believed me to be nearing thirty.” Sherlock said. “It was easy enough to deduce that you yourself were nearing thirty. You talk to me as one would a peer, and not as one would speak to someone older or younger than them.”
I don’t have to wait long for a response, and sure enough, as soon as I exit the restroom, my mobile chimes merrily from my pocket. I open the message, hardly surprised that Greg texted back first.
"Sherlock, I am so proud of you!" Mummy cried, flinging her arms around Sherlock's neck and pulling him into a tight hug. "Oh, my baby boy is a
Most dragons hadn’t looked twice at John, and those that did became disinterested as soon as they heard his name. Needless to say, the human was extremely confused. It was more than obvious that his new ‘master’ was wealthy and could afford any human that he wanted. Why on earth would he want
"Your team mates are trying to find your secret admirer," a silky voice said, and John was surprised to see Irene Adler standing in front of him. "You look surprised. You didn't have anything to do with this?"
“Victor and Sherlock are standing under the mistletoe!” She practically chirped, looking pleased. “Oh, go on, I haven’t seen you two kiss at all!”
“I’ll be…right here.” The blond gestured, looking at his wrists pointedly. Sherlock spared him a small grin before heading inside the station.
It was clear to Sheol who had spent the most time on their gift to The Shining One. Abel’s gift of meats was lovely, and it was clear that he had chosen from only the best of his livestock. Cain’s gift, however was lacking. It was clear he had thrown it together that morning, and he hadn’t even used his best vegetables. Cain caught Sheol’s eye, and merely shrugged, a slightly cocky smile graced his lips. Sheol did nothing but shake his head, turning to watch as The Shining One arrived.
“Anything to keep my sister out of trouble.” John’s voice was world weary. “Do I need to do something to…er…seal the deal?”
"Please, Mr Holmes?" Tom asked, clasping his hands together in supplication. "I'll return it as soon as possible."
“There are multiple bruises, some are healing, and others are fresh. This person has been subjected to this kind of treatment before.” John replied, “Not surprising, seeing as they’re a human slave.”
"The water is ideal here," John replied quickly. "It's shallow, so you're less likely to drown. There's still enough room for me to swim. You're far enough away from Ferry lines, but close enough for me to snag food for you. Of course, I can always-"
"Hello," the human said, "I'm not supposed to be here, of course, but I assumed you wouldn't mind. My name is Sherlock Holmes."
"No one." Greg replies, giving me a look before walking away. Mike follows quietly as well, looking pleased that he hadn't drawn Sebastian's attention as well.
“Do I really have to wear this?” I ask, tugging at the red shorts; if you could call them that. They were skin tight and shiny, the tops of them lined with fluffy white faux-fur. Clearly they were supposed to be reminiscent of a “santa” suit, but I highly doubt that Saint Nick would wear booty shorts that barely covered his bum. Santa got to wear a shirt too, but the only thing that was covered besides my private area was my feet, shiny black shoes gleaming in the dim back-stage light.
Nothing happened. Sherlock stared at his pale hand that spread across the army fatigues in surprise. The glow continued to hover around John’s body, but it would not budge. Sherlock sucked in a breath, staring down at him in wonder. If he could not pull his soul out, maybe he could
“But I want to. You’re my friend now, and Sherlock is my friend. And that’s what friends do!” Victor sounds excited now. “Oh, you guys would make such a cute couple.”
"Well, you'll see soon enough, won't you?" Tom said. "After my date, you'll have to go on one, too!"
Kublai had withdrawn from social functions after that, which greatly saddened Sheol. To see someone so powerful cut down by death was unbearable for him to see.
It's finally finished! I am so excited that I was able to share this story with you. I got the idea a few days before Christmas last year, and my entire year has been spent writing this story. I am so blessed by the wonderful people that have reviewed and given kudos and the whole works. You all make my heart sing, I swear. I hope you have a merry Christmas, and that you enjoy this last little gift from me.
“Oh, good.” Mummy chirped cheerfully. “Hopefully you’ll make it work with this boy. You aren’t getting any younger!”
Sherlock plucked a string nervously before swinging it to his shoulder, holding the bow aloft. He sucked in a breath before beginning to play. He only realised that he was playing Paganini’s Caprice no. 24 after he started playing it, though he realised that his subconscious would want to show off for John. He quickly changed into something more seasonal, an ornamented melody of
John was cut off instantly by Sherlock’s lips against his, letting him know just how perfect the ring was. They sat on the sofa together, enjoying each other’s company. Later on, Violet Holmes would come in and shriek at the sight of the ring box. Later on, John would get pats on the back from Greg and Siger. Later on there would be wedding planning, and quite kisses by the fireplace, but for now, it was just the two of them against the rest of the world.
Ann Watson had died in a car accident over a year ago. While it had been tragic, John hadn’t been able to shed a tear at her funeral, because he knew he would be seeing his mother again.
“When is Mycroft supposed to arrive?” Sherlock asked, looking through the front window. As if Sherlock had called his name, a black car appeared, looking as shiny and new as it did brand new. “Ah, speak of the devil.”
“Don’t worry, the kiss was nothing but sealing a contract.” Sherlock had assured the angry human with a chuckle. “Your heterosexuality is still unchallenged…unless you enjoyed it?”
Molly was exactly where he had expected her to be, her brown hair pulled back in a severe ponytail. She glanced up when she saw him, the pleased smile falling off her face when she caught a glimpse of him.
As David went to rap on the door, Ann pulled her son aside, smoothing his hair once again. “You’ll have a wonderful time in London, sweetheart.” She said. “Just you wait and see. Hopefully your father will be happier here than in our ghastly house.”
to put the angel on top of the tree, Mrs Holmes.” John beamed at her, and she smiled back radiantly, handing the delicate angel over to him.
“Bloody hell, this place is huge.” He heard John mutter, and a quick glance behind him confirmed that the blond was taking in the sight as quickly as he could; visibly impressed with the décor.
“Really, it’s no trouble at all.” The other boy interrupted, waving his hand as if to brush John’s apologies aside. “It gives me ample opportunity to use terrible pick-up lines about you falling for me and whatnot.”
“Mycroft, really.” The other said shortly. “Do you not pay attention? I do not go by that name any more.”
“I assume you are talking of Doctor John Watson?” Sherlock said, his patience growing brittle at Greg’s words. He was correct of course, and that did nothing to improve his mood. “He’s interesting.”
“Sorry, had to make a phone call.” John replied. Sherlock snatched the phone out of his hands, but it was obvious he knew the damage had been done.
In another part of London, another dragon watched the CCTV with narrowed eyes, focusing on the little blond slave at Sherlock Holmes’ side.
John looked around, realising that he was lying in a twin sized bed, the walls completely devoid of any decoration. It looked like a guest room more than anything.
John froze, his mouth hanging open in shock. His skin prickled with embarrassed heat, and his stomach felt like it was full of ice. He should have been more careful, especially around Irene Adler. He should have
"Who said anything about boyfriends?" John asked him, a teasing grin on his face. But Sherlock wasn't sure if it was the good sort of teasing or not.
John slung his rucksack over his shoulders as made his way up the steps to St Bart's entrance. Though classes started over two weeks ago, the building still smelled beginning-of-the-school-year fresh. The Wall was covered in fresh graffiti, mostly doodles at this point. John smiled to himself as he walked past The Wall, remembering vividly how he had made his own confession last year.
"Your brother. A Gryffindor like yourself, I'm assuming a fifth year. He's addicted to butterbeer, did you know?"
Sitting down, he managed to catch John's eye. John looked a bit disappointed, but he gave Sherlock a thumbs up anyway.  Sherlock's heart swelled in his chest, pleased that John still wanted to be his friend even if he wasn't a Gryffindor.
Emperor Otto III had been the Holy Roman Emperor for nearly six years. A handsome man around the age of twenty one, he ruled Germany and the Roman Empire with an iron fist, letting nothing stand in his way.
"John!" Sherlock broke off the kiss after a moment, terror quickly setting in. After what had happened to Otto…
I let out a small snort, and Sherlock returns it with a grin. Maybe we had a lot to worry about, but for just this moment in time, grinning up at Sherlock like a complete idiot, I felt I could truly be happy.
The shrill ring of a mobile phone filled the lounge, rousing Sherlock Holmes from his unconscious state. He hadn’t been sleeping, not fully, but rather resting, allowing his mind to relax without becoming befuddled by sleep. His mobile, however, was doing a fine job of destroying his concentration anyway. Sherlock rolled over, his hand scrabbling for the phone, not bothering to check to see who was calling before answering with one of his usual perfunctory greetings.
If John thought his day couldn’t get any worse, he was wrong. Sure, the dead ex-boyfriend of Jim might be standing right behind him, but looking up to see Sherlock standing in front of him, fingers still laced with Jim’s, made things so much worse.
"I've read everything there is to know on Hogwarts," Molly said as she sat down across from Sherlock. "I think I've practically memorized
“Not at all.” The voice is amused now, “They can't see me because I am death.” With those words, a hand nearly as white as the sheets below him snakes across his vision. The hand, landing on his chest, feels ice cold. The cold seeps through his body, freezing his blood. “Enjoy hell, Mr. Hudson.”
A/N: This took me unbearably long to write. I cannot believe this story has people who are following and favoriting it. You are all lovely, and your reviews make my entire week. In fact, I'm still grinning foolishly at review from the last chapter, and I posted that almost a month ago. Next chapter, we might see a bit of John. I don't want you waiting too long to see him, for fear of boring you, so I'll think about giving you a taste.
John let go, squeezing his eyes shut as he fell downwards. His breath caught in his throat as two pairs of strong arms wrapped around his body, only the tip of his tail brushing the cement floor.
Clacton-on-Sea appeared before them, the North Sea glittering in the distance. Sherlock was so thrilled to see it, he barely felt the tap on his bumper. The second one, a more forceful bump, made him start.
"Because I'm a genius," Sherlock smirked up at him. "Now hurry, we haven't got much time. Mycroft has noticed his car missing, and I'd rather not overly tax my makeshift waterproofing."
John continued to glow, and the instinct to pull his soul from his body began to take over, consuming his mind. His breathing was steady, and Sherlock watched the rise and fall of his chest, pulling off the glove of his right hand and placing it on John’s chest.
Everything came rushing back at once. The fighting, the gunshot, the pain…but then how did he get here, and how was it possible to have a scar that looked to be about a year old already?
John's fingers tapped as Tom spoke, the sound muffled by the table cloth. The minutes seemed to drag on as John listened, waiting for an impossibility
“I meant what I said, I don’t want a slave.” Sherlock said, opening the prison door and taking hold of Watson’s chains “But I could use a colleague.”
My mum had been thrilled to see Sherlock at our house once more, and she overloaded us with all sorts of sweets, which Sherlock was surprisingly fond of.
"I'm going to be honest, I don't have anything planned," John said after a moment, pulling his hand out of Sherlock's. "I didn't think you'd show."
“Oh, I suppose that would be alright.” Molly said absently, and Sherlock darted out from behind the counter, steering the customer towards the back door.
He grabbed a pipette, drawing a drop of blood from a blood-bag and transferring it to the container of water. The men and vampire watched as the blood fell from the pipette, swirling in with the water below.
“Is he bothering you?” The voice says. It’s a rich tenor voice, and I automatically know who it belongs to, even though I’ve never heard the man speak before. I turn around to see Victor Trevor standing there. He gives me a small smile before turning his brown eyes on the other boy. “God, Carl, why are you such a skeez?”
“He kidnapped my John.” The blonde lady shrieked, making Molly jump. “He kidnapped him right out of the blue, and you let him!”
"The very least you could do is get me a coffee," John groused as Sherlock flitted around the dead human. "Something to wake me up. Just because you live off pure adrenaline, doesn't mean we all do."
“Oh, you like a man.” Father beamed at Mycroft. “Please don’t tell me that you were hesitant to tell us because of that.”
“His heart will beat no more.” The angel said simply. Turning to Sheol, the angel extended a hand. “I have come for Abel’s soul.”
It was a blustery day in mid-October when sixth year Hufflepuff Gordon Newartz vanished. His friends watched as he left the common room and never returned.
"Another one?" John asked as they snuck out of his John's dormitory into the common room below. "You'd think the professors would know who it was by now!"
Victor turns to me, and he starts to say something, but I'm distracted by movement behind him. At first, all I see is Sherlock walking down the corridors, but it doesn't take long to realise what's happening, and my heart constricts in my chest.
“Yes, John?” Sherlock asked, following the angry sounds his flatmate was making, discovering him standing in front of the freezer, door flung open, and a baggie in his hand.
"Because," John said with a shrug, "You've been ignoring me for the past two weeks, and the past two years before that. I figure it's time we become friends."
Bill let out a low whistle, shaking his head. “He’s got a thing for blonds, let me tell you. I figured he would have waited longer after the death of his boyfriend before pursuing someone, though.”
I watch as Mike darts out of the room as quickly as he came, and Sebastian is looking at the candy cane in my hand with confusion.
With a heavy, put-upon sigh, Mycroft handed Sherlock his phone and keys. Sherlock smirked at him, turning to press a kiss to Mummy’s cheek.
I tell myself that I’m only going to keep the idiot out of danger, because I’m not allowed to like him. And just because I’m not allowed to like him doesn’t mean I can’t be his friend, right? After all, the Plastics are his friend, even though Victor dated Sherlock, and I’m part of the Plastics.
"Don't be pedantic; I would never get my hands dirty, but I did hire someone to kill them," Jim snorts. "It's amazing what money can buy."
“No, dear. Mr Hudson died a few years back. Oh, no condolences needed, he wasn’t a very nice man.” Mrs Hudson explained. “I married him young. I was probably about John’s age when we married. My unmarried name was Sissons, but it didn’t seem right to go back to it…here we are!”
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what he could do to convince John to play the doting boyfriend, however. He lay in their bunkroom, trying desperately to think of how to break John out of his shell when a voice whispered from the top bunk:
“I’m twenty six. Admittedly, I am not young. However, there are officers that are nearing their fifties, and are terribly offended when I prove that I am far more intelligent than they could ever hope to be.” Sherlock replied primly. “As for you, I would guess anywhere between twenty eight and thirty.”
“Not important.” Sherlock replied. Lestrade made a noise of annoyance, but made no further protest as they walked along the deserted streets, turning down an alley. It was obvious from looking at the man that he was someone who craved danger. The thought shot a wave of nostalgia through Sherlock, mixed with a strange hint of longing.
"You're a soldier." Sherlock grinned down at him. "Practically a doctor, with what you've gone through."
"I loathe valentine’s day." Sherlock huffed, glowering at the paper hearts strung along the walls in Higbies.
“What do you mean you can’t make it?” Sherlock asked, ignoring the agitated customer who was trying to snatch the coffee cup that he was clutching tightly in his hands. “You promised you would come!”
"Aren't you supposed to be eating with your own house?" The prefect asked, raising an eyebrow at him. Sherlock struggled to recall his name, having promptly forgotten as soon as he learned it that first night.
“Yes, a colleague.” Sherlock replied. “I’m a consulting detective, and I am in need of a doctor as an assistant.”
“Yeah, I’m not…er…in the party mood. Bye.” I make a quick exit, darting through the crowd in the opposite direction of the newly happy couple. If I stay for even a second longer, I would probably throw up, and that won’t win me any points with anyone.
call big brother!" Jim says cheerfully. He seems like he's in control of the situation, but I see his steady aim falter, as if unsure of who to point the gun at.
"And now you have proof of my misdeeds," Jim chuckles. "But you're very much mistaken if you think I'm going to prison."
“Yes well…” The man named Lestrade paused when he saw John, surprise crossing over his face. “You’re
"Oh Sherlock," Moriarty sounded disappointed. "Humans make you weak. I thought you of all people realised that."
“You want to see me?” Sherlock guessed, surprised when John nodded. “Why on earth why you want to see me? No one wants to see me.”
He was monitoring John's group of humans when he saw a different group starting to surround them. It was obvious that John's group was unaware of what was happening, and before Sherlock could do anything, they were shooting.
So, it was with a heavy heart that he found himself standing in front of the flat he had once shared with John. The windows were dark, and Sherlock could practically see the emptiness inside them. John would have left hours ago, and he was most likely home safe with his family once more.
Sherlock wrapped his blue robe around his shoulders, tying the sash tightly before leaving the bunkroom himself. Grabbing the key to Molly’s car from his hiding spot in the freezer, Sherlock made his way outside.
“I will.” John waved goodnight to his father, heading to his room. He opened the door for the first time, carrying his unpacked box and setting it down with an almighty thump. He turned around, barely remembering to stifle a shout when he saw someone already sitting in his bed, reading what looked like a century’s old book. John thanked the heavens that he didn’t yell; the translucent skin and 18
They followed Lestrade out of the room and down the hall, compensating so none of the dragons on the force could overhear. When they got a suitable distance away, Lestrade whirled around, fixing John with a stare.
“That was your fault. You were informed that there was a sedative in the collar when we were at the human corrections facility.”
"Nice to meet you," the boy said, pulling the letter out of Sherlock's hand while he was distracted. "I'm Victor Trevor. Second year Ravenclaw."
Before John could say another word, Sebastian vanished, leaving only the faint smell of his cologne.
Something brushed his cheek quickly, and John turned to see a red faced Sherlock pointedly looking anywhere but at him.
“What can we do to get back at Victor?” I interrupt before I can hear one of those dreaded apologises. You know, the ones where you have to tell them it’s not their fault, and then they apologise again. The pair shoot me identical grins, all chance of awkward apologies out the window.
“Yes.” Sherlock responded, trying to look unaffected; but John could see his eyes light up. “My parents hate it, they think it isn’t a real job.”
“His name is John Watson.” Sherlock looked down at his lap in shame. “And what they say is true. I…I kidnapped him.”
It was clear that the angel was an old family heirloom. The whole thing was made of crystal, and it looked as though it were a hundred years old. John stood on the ladder, climbing to the top and placing the angel in its spot gently.
“Oh, but I did,” Violet said, smiling. “I wasn’t sure what you wanted; you know how Sherlock is, likes to keep things mysterious. Go on, open it up!”
"Of course." Sherlock replied, sitting down next to John, feeling absolutely tiny next to him. He ran a hand through his closely cropped hair nervously. "I am the smartest kid in this school."
Sherlock has seen this millions of times since his life on earth began. The frail humans pounding at the chest of the dying one, even as his soul begins to glow. But the humans choose not to see the glow, just as they choose not to see Sherlock. They could see him if they really tried, but they would rather write off death as a necessary evil as opposed to an actual human.
John’s eyes widened, and he looked up in surprise. Sure enough, he and Sherlock were directly under the mistletoe.
There was, of course, no photographs of the creature. The veterinarians and doctors that had operated on the thing had been sworn to secrecy, and any time the discovery had been brought up to local authority, the subjected of discussion was quickly changed.
"Why on earth would I kill you?" Sherlock asked, hiding his pleased smile. "What a waste that would be."
"Then why aren't you gone?" Sherlock demanded. "I asked you what you would do if you were granted your freedom, and you said you would go home."
“No, no. It’s…fine.” I manage to say, trying to ignore the hurtful words. It’s not working very well. “I totally get it. I brought Victor a gift to show him that I’m not mad.”
"Alright, I'll give you that," Greg sighed. "But what about Jennifer and Sarah? Girls aren't exactly his type."
Of course, he was busy at the moment, so the need for blood could wait. The vials in front of him not displaying the results he wanted.
“But going off to war is.” Purple responded, now circling the table. “You are mine, and you allowed yourself to get hurt. That is not allowed.”
Sherlock smiled fondly at his friend before turning off his telescope for the night, pleased to see his friend once more.
John let out a small groan of annoyance, letting his head fall back against the cool steel table and closing his eyes.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, studying me more intently. Flustered, I take a step back, unsure of the scrutiny. It looks as though Sherlock is trying to make a connection between the death of Carl Powers and me.
"Perhaps it was cruel coming to you, as I was the object of your unrequited affection long ago, but I thought you could help me work through this."
“Oh god, not there!” The brown and silver haired boy says. “Henry Knight sits there, and he has night terrors when he sleeps.”
“Wait…” The blond turned to look at Sherlock, anger and confusion on his face. “You’re attempting to
“Yes, well…” Sherlock panicked slightly, worried that she could see the blond in his car. “It gets me from place to place.”
Hudson's stomach drops out from underneath him, the pleasant thoughts of his wife dashed away by pure hatred. It's him, the creature that put him here. Struggling against the bonds that hold him down, Hudson tries desperately to get to the man. He wants to rip out his beautiful blue eyes.
The rock soared quickly through the air, missing Cain’s target of Abel’s shoulders, and hitting him in the head instead. Abel crumpled to the ground, and Sheol saw the oddest thing.
"Apparently your previous boyfriend couldn't be bothered to remember my scarf, so I had to chase after him," Sherlock replied with a sniff.
“The idea of marriage mates one body to another. But in heaven, it isn’t just our bodies, but our souls as well.”
“According to mother, he shall arrive tomorrow.” Abel said, his own brow furrowing. Sheol smiled at his youngest friend-brother.
Meetings with Mycroft became more frequent, and Sheol begins to think of the angel as a sort of brother. Mycroft seems to have similar sentiments, for he often visits Sheol even when there hasn’t been a death. The frequent visits begin to occur not long after Sheol’s third soul collecting.
“Ta,” John said with a grin, shooting a wink at Sherlock before sitting down. “Now I want to see what you got for Christmas. Come on, open up!”
John was smiling at him, still so very much alive. Sherlock grabbed John, trying to see if he could detect his soul, but there was nothing.
"The problem is that he has a murderous ex-boyfriend," Sherlock said. "And I'd rather keep you alive, if it's all the same to you."
“Oh my god, Sebby.” Victor’s attention swivels to Sebastian now, anger flaring up. “Stop saying ‘nifty’. It’s never going to happen. God, you’re useless.”
Mummy had tutted, exclaiming that she didn't care if he was poor or rich, but that he loved her son, which John agreed to, his face completely serious. The look Mummy gave Sherlock was pure happiness, which made the whole kidnapping thing felt almost worth it.
Sherlock sighed, mounting his broom clumsily. He mimicked John's kick off, though his ascent was nothing to be proud of. His broom wobbled dangerously as he reached John.
"No, we've been banished forever," Sherlock said. "And even if there were another way, I would never take it. I'm content here."
"Another present?" Sherlock repeated slowly, frowning up at him. “What do you mean, you got me another present?”
Two years after discovering the existence of Doctor Watson, Sherlock was still unable to figure out the secret behind the man. He was a man of solitude, and a man who had many friends. He was cheerful, sombre, snarky and polite. This was a man of many facets, all coming together to create a cohesive whole. Sherlock couldn’t get enough.
“Yes, perfect.” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s hand and pulling him from the room before they could be stopped.
“Yes, we do.” Sherlock said, handing one of the notebooks to John and grabbing a pen. “Though I’m not quite sure what to ask for.”
John looked as if he were going to say something else, but decided against it. He gave a small wave instead, a sad smile on his face.
show up," Sherlock spat out. "I went looking for Tom, and I put my scarf on to ward away the cold. J-Watson saw me and assumed I was Tom."
Sherlock blinked at John rapidly, looking a bit lost. It was heart breaking, and absolutely adorable. "But you...trust issues."
“Not as skinny as your son.” John assured her, earning himself a bright laugh. “This food looks absolutely delicious. Thank you very much.”
"Of course it did," Molly sighed. "You pretend to forget someone's first name when they annoy you. But you always remember, I know you do."
“Well, Jennifer Wilson was flirting with me, you know that.” I say, confused. “And…er, Carl Powers was doing the same, I suppose. Though he was far cruder.”
"Damn," Sherlock cursed, clipping his portable translator to his new human clothes. "An idiotic mistake."
“Pride is not a redeeming quality.” The Shining One admonished. “Abel’s gift was well thought out, yours thrown together. While I am pleased by both, Abel’s is the better one.”
“No, I think he’s hurt.” John set the book down on the sofa next to him. “I’ll be right back, I’ll go talk to him.”
“Well…” I say, my cheeks reddening. How do I tell them that not only has someone ‘caught’ my eye, but that person is, most decidedly, a boy? I roll my eyes internally, realising that all three of them are gay, so it wouldn’t really matter, would it? “There is this guy in my biology class…”
"And you've rather revealed yours." A deep voice startles both Jim and I. My heart clenches in my chest when Sherlock steps around the corner, wiggling his mobile between his fingers tauntingly.
“They’re special made shoes so that it isn’t obvious.” He says quickly. “Don’t tell him I told you.”
"The course of true love never did run smooth," Sherlock sighed, gesturing to the hook where his Belstaff and scarf hung. "Don't get it dirty."
“I asked him to wait in the car.” Sherlock allowed his mother a few pats before stepping away. “Victor is nervous to meet you both.”
A/N: I am so, so sorry that it took such a long time to write this chapter. I really have no excuse either, just a lot of rewrites. I wasn't really happy with how it was turning out when I first started it.
“You don’t understand how hard it is.” Sebastian Moran has cornered me in the bathroom the Monday morning after winter break had ended. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that he’s talking about Victor. Of course, he had called me every day during the break to complain about it as well, so I’m hardly surprised.
“My baby is going to school.” She blubbers, and I give her a reassuring pat on the back, which my dad catches immediately with his camera.
“I’m not a nice person.” Sherlock agreed softly. “But my mother is happy. That is my only intention in all of this. As soon as Christmas is over, I’ll never darken your doorstep again.”
The next morning Harriet visited John’s bedsit, unsurprised to find nothing but the faint whiff of sulfur and a small note written in spidery scrawl:
John smiled to himself as he made his way to class, waving in greeting as he went. As great as all of that was, he didn't consider it to be his greatest accomplishment of this year. No, the best thing that happened so far was his blind luck in lab partners.
“Invited yesterday.” I say, quickly taking a wedge of orange and popping it into my mouth. “Victor saved me from Carl….um…” I never did catch a last name
"Nothing to be happy about, Molly," Sherlock reminded her. "John thinks he's on a date with Tom...not me."
"But I can." Mycroft sounded smug. "You see, the law states that if a blond is charged with a crime, their punishment can include slavery. You have caused a lot of damage, and severely injured many upper class families."
Sherlock was so busy pouting that he didn't even notice Victor Trevor in his compartment until the trolley witch tapped on the door.
“Oh, don’t you worry about that, dear.” Violet said. “I can take care of dinner, you two need some alone time. Go have a stroll, enjoy each other.”
“Why don’t you meet him first?” Mycroft suggested gesturing in the direction of the prisoners. “Then you can decided.”
“Guys…I’ll call you back.” I tell them slowly, hanging up my mobile and sliding it in my pocket. No matter how angry I am at Victor Trevor, there are some things that can’t be ignored.
staying for Christmas.” John shot back. “I’m going to find those keys of yours, and I’ll drive back myself.”
“Oh, lord. Not the feather story.” Mycroft sighed as he came out of sitting room, his face pinched. Violet and Siger followed him, looking much merrier than their eldest son at Sherlock’s laughter.
“I don’t know.” I say with a shrug, hoping that I look completely clueless. “They just came up and started talking to me, it was really weird.”
“Oh, come on.” Jim huffs, a pretty pout on his face. “It’ll be fun, I promise. I’ll try not to flirt too much, I promise.”
Sherlock bursts out laughing, and I can’t help but join him. We clutch our sides, trying desperately to breathe.
"Poor choice of words," Sherlock said quickly, dimly registering the glint of John's forgotten cane as they exited. "What I'm trying to convey to you is that I wouldn't lie to you about who I am...that is, what I do..."
“You’re free to go.” Was the first words out of the guard’s mouth that morning. The Holmes family blinked at him collectively, confusion written on each of their faces. It had been a long, quiet night, and Sherlock felt like he was going to explode from all the unspoken tension.
The shoreline would be terrible. The men in the cars would get to them before Sherlock could even unbuckle, and even if he did manage to get John into the water, he would be easily spotted in the shallow water.
“I’ve always been really good at biology.” I say with a shrug. “Best in my class…then again, I was home-schooled.” Mike laughs at my lame joke, which in turn makes Greg and I grin.
“Whatever.” Victor says, rolling his eyes in a way that suggests he was bored with the conversation. “Did you see the jeans Glen Coco was wearing today? I think this is the third time this week he’s worn them!”
"A blind date?" Sherlock scoffed. "The likelihood of a successful match so soon after the dissolution of a relationship, especially when the match was chosen by the other party of the failed partnership, seems pretty-"
“Um…” I begin, looking around the cafeteria for a distraction. This turns out to be a bad idea, because it turns out Sherlock Holmes has decided to eat lunch today. I might have been looking for too long, because when I turn back to Jim and Sebastian, they are looking at me with shock.
Sebastian darts out of the toilets without another word, a hopeful look on his face. Pleased at my invasive manoeuvre, I quickly shoot a text to Greg and Mike.
It would hardly be in bad fashion to check up on John, right? After all, he had been doing it for months before John was nearly killed, he could probably be in and out in a few seconds.
“John is a good man.” Sherlock agreed softly. “I apologise for all the hurt I have caused the both of you.”
Sherlock tugged at his sleeveless jumper, feeling self-conscious. John had several inches on him while they were standing up, and jumpers of any kind only served to make him appear younger than he was.
"Yeah." Sherlock stood, and John mimicked him. They were nearly the same height now, something Sherlock constantly pointed out to John.
It was a week before the opening of the exhibit, and the aquarium was practically deserted. The only others in the building were other scientists and politicians, and they were all standing around a large, clear tank.
Instead of responding, Sherlock reached over and snatched the confession picture out of John's hands, the corners ripping slightly. He took out a pen, scribbling something on the paper before handing it back to John.
John ran his hand through Sherlock's dark curls as they lounged in the sitting room after Christmas dinner. Sherlock looked content, his head resting in John's lap, eyes closed as if asleep.
The doctors sighed as the heart rate monitor flat-lined, and started to clean up the execution room. Nobody watched as a tall, black haired man left the room, pulling a black leather glove over his too-pale hand. Nobody noticed the man in the long coat sweep through the prison, seemingly at ease with his surroundings. Nobody saw Sherlock Holmes leave Florida state penitentiary.
“I didn’t enjoy it.” John had sputtered, his face flushing a magnificent red. “I just don’t appreciate being kissed out of nowhere, thank you very much.”
Sherlock had seen Hogwarts in pictures, of course; His entire family had been to school there, after all, but there was something different seeing it in real life. Windows glittered cheerfully across the walls of the stone castle, reflecting on the surface of the lake below.  Towers rose up towards the sky, giving the castle an imposing look, and Sherlock could see that the large doors had been opened in greeting.
We walk out, and the catcalls began. It takes every ounce of effort I have not to cover my chest and run back out. I peeked over at the Plastics, copying the devilish smirks they had on their faces.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, ignoring the man as he swept out of the morgue. Really, if the man even knew half of what Sherlock did, he wouldn't want to have anything to do with romance either.
Sherlock was silent for a moment. “No, merely an observation by myself. Of course you did. You’re primarily a doctor, and you have a high sense of morals.”
“Why would you want to be a vampire? They’re so scary!” She says, looking at me wide-eyed. Jennifer was dressed as a pink fairy or some such thing, though it was hard to tell because she looked like a pink version of every other girl in the room.
“We’re taking a survey of all the new students.” He begins smoothly. “Can you answer a few quick questions?”
"Sorry?" A voice said, distorted by the water. Sherlock glanced up to see the creature looking at him.
"A case?" John sounded intrigued. "You didn't tell me there was a case on. Anything I can do to help?"
The last thing John Watson expected when he entered his small bedsit was company, but that was exactly what he got. A pale man with dark, inky curls was sprawled across his desk chair, looking as if he owned the place. He turned as John entered the room, pale eyes assessing his every move.
"Molly, please," Sherlock said, keeping his eyes locked on the thumbs in front of him. The door to the morgue swished softly, and he grit his teeth at the thought of some nameless technician seeing him like this. "Not now."
“They’re all idiots.” Sherlock huffs as they turn us away once more. “When I’m a detective, I’ll have full access to the crime scenes, and no one will ignore me.”
“You will?” Sherlock’s eyebrows rose, and John felt momentarily pleased at being able to surprise the demon. “Your sister was right. How very wonderful for her, not so much for you.”
“Yeah…” David sighed. After a moment, he looked over at John, worry etched on his face. “Do you think we made the right decision?”
“Yes, he’s really quite special.” Sherlock agreed, holding out his hand. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to relinquish you of your keys, however. Rules are rules.”
Sherlock's cheeks turned an odd shade of red, his eyes blinking rather quickly. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, looking at a loss for words. John thought the whole thing was absurdly adorable.
They made it to their room without further incident. Sherlock shut the door, leaning against the wood for support.
"Jim is just worried about you," Sebastian says. "You know him, he's got a big heart. No need to get freaked out."
John slapped Sherlock’s hand away, annoyed as the demon chuckled in response before stepping away. He sat up, rubbing absentmindedly where Sherlock’s hand had been.
"You do not have to say anything," Lestrade said, echoing the police caution hollowly, "but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."
“Ta for that.” John rolled his eyes. “I’m not taking fashion advice from a two hundred year old dead guy.”
"Will you be happy?" Sherlock asked, feeling nervous all a sudden. "If I don't get into Ravenclaw or Slytherin?"
“John Watson is a kind, forgiving man, and he’s the only reason that you’re aren’t going to spend five more years in prison.” She continued fiercely. “If it were up to me, you would be in there for a long time.”
"Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock replied, giving her hand that was thrust rather close to his face a quick shake.
“Oh, I intend to.” Victor replied, giving a small wave as he turned. “Nice having this chat with you.”
Sherlock gave a soft laugh, hanging up with a tap of his thumb. Pocketing his mobile, he turned to enter the service door once more, annoyed to discover it had locked behind him. He strolled around the side of the building, debating on the proper course of action.
The kitchen table was laden with nothing short of a feast. Bowls of corn, peas, carrots, and other vegetables dotted the table, framing a heaping bowl of mashed potatoes and a steaming goose.
There was a soft gasp behind him, and Sherlock turned to see Molly standing there, looking devastated.
"He's lying," Sherlock says quickly, looking stricken as the officers cuff my wrists in his place. "John didn't murder anyone, he can't have done. I'll...I'll prove it!"
Unpacking, however, took ages, and by the time they were done, John was exhausted. He wiped the sweat from his brow, looking around at the lounge of their new flat with a smile. Mum was nowhere to be seen, but that was hardly out of the ordinary. She spent time visiting other members of the family, checking to make sure they were alright.
John bought him some sugary, whipped concoction that was surprisingly delicious. By the time his drink was made, the girl was back and wrapped around John.
“Well, initially, perhaps.” Mycroft admitted. “Though I had rather figured out your views when Sherlock mentioned that he was dating a man.”
John snorted, standing up. He was still significantly shorter than the man who claimed to be a demon, but he couldn’t be bothered to care at the moment.
Sherlock had never much wanted a human, but now that he had one, he was pleased. This human that he managed to acquire was fascinating as well. A soldier and a doctor, he was a man with nerves of steel. John even attempted to throw a punch at Sherlock as soon as they got to Sherlock’s realm, which made him laugh.
Sherlock watched him go, plotting ways to convince the man to become his blood donor. So lost in thought was he, that he didn’t notice his servant watching him.
"If you don't mind, some of us are trying to work," Sherlock snapped, glaring down at the blond head that was resting on the table. "You're making quite a racket, and I-
Obtaining a high power telescope is rather easy when one is the prince of a whole planet. Of course, he wasn't allowed to use it for a sun cycle as punishment for running away. The day he was allowed to use his new telescope, he spent all day searching the planet for his friend named John.
“Have you lost the ability to understand basic language?” Sherlock snapped. “I said he steals souls from me. They begin to glow, and he pushes them back into their bodies without realising it, no matter how hard I tug.”
After the incident with Jim Moriarty, and his crazy ghost, John kept his head down. He made his way to his first class, sitting down in an open desk. The boy in front of John turned around, giving him an appraising look before shaking his hand.
“When Sherlock was a boy, he was rather rude to the children in the neighbourhood.” Siger explained to an obviously confused John.
If you asked Sherlock later, he would be unable to tell you how he got to Bart's. He was so focussed on keeping himself together that he didn't remember the journey at all, only that he was somehow in front of Bart's, his wallet lighter and feet colder.
“You can hide it in the bushes.” John replied, and together they pushed the pod-ship into the bushes, arranging leaves around it to better conceal it.
Sherlock ducked his head, face red in shame. The room is oppressively silent, and he just wants to go home and sleep for about a year.
pink on the counter. “Getting a romantic weekend with the likes of you. You’ll need these, of course. Much more official.”
"I didn't guess," Sherlock sniffed. "I knew. I investigated a murder where the corpse has similar markings to yourself. When I questioned the family, they mentioned that he had been in a boating accident years before. They weren't exactly the same, of course, which is why I also suggested the possibility of coral wounds."
Sherlock snorted, a wisp of smoke curling from his nose dramatically. “I do believe I’ll be fine. I’ve had plenty of dragons angry at me, and never have I come to harm.” He said, pushing open the doors and walking inside, his brother trailing after him.
"No, listen," I shush him, dragging him closer to the wall. "Sebastian was mad at Carl Powers that first day. You know, when he flirted with me? They had just been on a date, and suddenly he was flirting with me."
“Oh…yes. The cutest.” I respond flatly, but it hardly matters, as Victor isn’t really paying attention.
"Oh, fine." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "If you and John have a grand old time, I'll agree to an insipid dated. Happy?"
"I...yeah. I just have to get going." John said, ignoring the people that had stopped to watch the drama unfold.
Thank god Sherlock had the sense to lower his voice, or the cabbie would have overheard them. John sucked in a breath, looking over at Sherlock.
“I don’t kill just for the sake of killing.” John said. “I regret the deaths of those dragons that I killed. I don’t like what I did.”
I was in my bathroom, attempting to figure out how to apply product in my hair-really, that stuff is difficult to figure out-when my phone buzzes. I jump slightly before picking up the mobile, surprised to see an unknown number instead of Mike asking when he would get his shirt back. I open the message, frowning at its contents.
“Where are you going?” I ask Sherlock as he trails me home. He gives me a look that seems to question my intelligence.
"Oh, that was just the first impression," Sherlock said, strolling in a lazy circle around John. "You've been injured, but it wasn't your leg. You're standing just fine, as if you've forgotten about your injury. So it's psychosomatic. But the way you're holding your shoulders suggests there was an injury there. So, an army doctor invalided home."
“You’re going to have to grow out of this phase sometime, dear.” Mummy tutted. “You’re twenty six years old!”
“You thought I was rude because she was human?” Sherlock scoffed, “Don’t be ridiculous. I am rude to everyone. Molly Hooper, while admittedly more intelligent than most creatures, can still get annoying. She was attempting to ask me out on a date, and I rejected her in the swiftest manner possible.”
“Sebastian was not my friend.” Sherlock reminded his father. “He broke my arm for telling him that his mother was cheating on his father with the mail man.”
I grin at Victor before twirling him back up into standing position, pulling him into an impromptu swing dance that makes the fall look like it was intended. I dip Victor one last time before the end of the song, and the applause is thunderous.
“Sherlock…You didn’t make it to your interview.” The disappointed voice of his father caught his attention, and he looked up to see Siger standing behind mummy.
“Very well.” Sherlock sniffed, pretending to sound put-out, which only made John laugh again. “You brought my violin.”
Days stretched before him, each more dull than the last. They were like a never ending parade of black and white. Nothing interested him anymore.
“Yes, everyone gets a soul mate. Yours is being perfected.” Greg smiles, “I must go now, but I shall see you again.”
Just as Death and Destruction are never satisfied, so human desire is never satisfied. Proverbs 27:20 NLT
“We thought he would grow out of it.” Siger said. “But I’m afraid he’s still the same old Sherlock.”
She vanished back into the house, and they followed her, Sherlock intentionally forgetting about the garbage he left on the sidewalk.
Our first attempt didn’t end up going so well. I had cornered Sherlock in advanced biology after Dr Hooper had finished up the daily lecture. Sherlock had barely looked at me when I told him Victor wanted to meet him in the sound booth after school, just nodded in understanding and left. Of course, we found out the next day that Irene had been absent that day.
John burst out laughing, patting Sherlock on the shoulder, who flushed and tried desperately not to lean into the touch.
John laughed, causing a funny wriggling feeling to begin in Sherlock’s stomach. He would have to look up symptoms for different illnesses as soon as he arrived home, because clearly he was coming down with something.
“He’s been collard.” A pretty black police dragon said, her purple scales shimmering. “He’s a slave…he’s
“Right now. I also elected myself king while you were busy talking. Now, get me my milk!” Mike says, a grin on his face.
Now that he was in his mid-twenties, he spent most of his time spying on humans, listening to their conversations and trying to learn their odd language. Sometimes, when he felt really daring, he would have a bit of fun, splashing the humans and watch as they tried to logically explain what they had seen.
A terrible lie, and judging by the gleam in Angelo's eyes, it was obvious, but he gave a hearty chuckle and slapped Sherlock's shoulder.
"You don't believe this, do you?" John asked, horrified. "Sherlock...motives. What motives do I have?"
The handwriting matched perfectly, and a brief flare of doubt washed through him (what if Sherlock was just really good at mimicking handwriting?), but soon elation left no room for doubt.
Sherlock was thinking much too hard about this, it seemed. Apparently the universe agreed with him, for that was the moment that mummy decided to poke her head in, grinning at the two of them brightly.
“No no no.” Jim agrees with Sebastian, his normally pleasant demeanour gone. “You can’t like Sherlock Holmes, that’s Victor’s ex.”
"I thought we needed to have a little chat." Greg said, sighing softly. "It's to do with a mutual friend."
“More is the pity.” Sherlock shook his head gravely. “I may be dead, but at least I know a hideous outfit when I see one.”
At least that’s what I thought. Any idea of Victor being wonderful and kind goes out the window when the he leans forward and presses his lips against Sherlock’s.
“Normal people don’t become slaves.” John huffed. “At least…not a lot. There are some exceptions, of course, but slavery is bad.”
“Uh, yeah. Looks like they are.” I say rather weakly. “I have to go now…but I’ll see you guys later.”
“I only say it because I’m gay too.” Irene replied with a wink, and Sherlock snorted, handing her his credit card. She swiped it without a word, pushing the handcuffs into his arms along with his card.
“Oh how wonderful!” Violet sang, and John shot Sherlock a smug look. “Yes, go get Victor dressed, and you two can run to the nearest store!”
“That is an offensive generalization-” Sherlock began, laughter still caught in his throat, but he was cut off by Irene with a wave.
They were silent for a few moments, only the crunch of snow underfoot broke the silence in the woods. A few birds sing overhead, and John can’t help but smile at the peace of the day around them.
John opened the door, and was halfway out when a brilliant thought struck Sherlock. His spirits lifted again, and he turned towards the open door.
“I am afraid your sister tried to sell her soul. It was worthless, so she offered yours in exchange.” Sherlock walked towards John, towering over the sitting blond. “If you refuse, your sister’s soul shall be destroyed.”
"I am Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock replied, burying his head in one of his books to hide his flush. John had
“None of his other clothes were gone!” Sherlock grinds out, looking extremely annoyed. “It’s obviously murder, and all of you are too idiotic to notice!”
It was later that night that Sherlock and John entered the kitchen, catching Violet putting out milk and cookies.
Sherlock stared as the doctor’s hand, which lay over his, coaxed Murray’s soul back into his body. He watched as the familiar glow, the sign that the soul has left the body, reconnected to its earthly flesh. Sherlock turned to the blued eyed doctor once more, studying him as his face lit up with joy as the heart monitor returned to a normal pace.
The light from the window of Angelo's spilled out into the early evening, giving Sherlock a perfect view of John. To the untrained eye he appeared casual, but Sherlock could see a stiffness in his shoulders that hadn't been there before. He peered past John, trying to figure out who was causing such irritation in his companion.
"Of course." Sherlock answered quickly. "Excuse me. I have an important case that I might have a break on."
John was playing outside by himself, the space pod that they had left covered in green grass. But John seemed to remember it was there, judging by the toys left around and on top of the pod.
"You're ridiculous." John curled his fingers around one of Sherlock's many ringlets, enjoying the smoothness.
"You alright?" John's voice broke through Sherlock's distraction, and he swallowed thickly, averting his eyes at last.
"I didn't know, I saw." Sherlock said stiffly. The conversation was quickly becoming tedious, and Sherlock hadn't had anything to drink in two weeks, but he ignored the burn, hoping for an easy meal. "Simple, really. You're comfortable here, everyone knows you and they know how you take your drink. It's not as though you come here while you’re happy, however. They're used to seeing you sad, they would have shown at least a little concern if you had shown up looking down. You fiddle with your wedding ring quite a bit; unhappy marriage, most likely a cheating wife. Something happened today to cause you to drink more, however. You were doing well mentally after chugging down two pints of beer, but after the third one, you started to get sloppy. So you’re used to drinking, but not used to that much in such a short period of time. This is something that is related to what normally causes your marriage problems, but worse. Wife left you. Simple." Sherlock takes a breath of air, looking bored.
"The chemistry set?" Sherlock asked, his eyes unfocused as he thought to earlier that afternoon. John had splurged on an expensive chemistry set that Sherlock had been eyeing for months. Sherlock had gifted John with the most handsome watch he had ever seen. On the back, Sherlock had paid for a special engraving.
“Introductions?” He sneers. “How tedious. Another boring student in this miserable system our government calls
Sherlock made his way towards the team, feeling more awkward than ever. The rain had abated, thankfully, and Sherlock folded it down, clutching it at his side.
“Of course not. I just don’t want them contaminating my food.” John sighed, placing the thumbs on a lower shelf. Inexplicably, the wriggling in his stomach grew worse, and he pressed a hand against it, trying to make it stop.
Victor rolls his eyes at Sebastian, placing a clearly fake smile expertly on his face when he turns to me. “Excuse us for one second, yeah?” He says. Before I can answer, Jim, Sebastian and Victor huddle in a tight circle, and I can’t make out what they’re saying. Mike and Greg catch my eye, and I shrug in confusion. Before they can ask any more non-verbal questions across the lunchroom, the three boys turn back to me with large grins on their faces.
“Of course I do.” The dragon smirked. “He’s yet to meet me, you know, but he already knows my name. In fact, I think he’ll forget all about his little pet when he discovers I’m Moriarty. Then we can crush the humanity out of him.”
"Wow, that was a bit...well, creepy, to be honest." The human said with a shake of his head. “The name is Greg Lestrade, it’s nice to meet you.”
Sherlock wondered. He stared at the hand that was place atop of his, bewilderment and shock freezing him in place.
So immersed in his task, Sherlock failed to notice the figure moving toward him at lightening speeds. Before he had a chance to even suck, Sherlock was knocked away from his slave, landing in a heap on the ground. Letting out a feral snarl, he jumped to his feet, prepared to attack whoever stopped him from feasting.
"Did Victor invite the whole bloody school?" Greg yells in my ear, attempting to be louder than the pop song that is currently blaring over the borrowed speakers in my sitting room.
"Sherlock!" John cried when he spotted Sherlock still trapped in the car, which was sinking slowly. "Hold on!"
“Perfectly.” John gritted out, glaring at the handler. The silver remote used to shock him glinted menacingly in the handler’s meaty paw, and John could see scales and claws beginning to form, out of fear rather than anything else.
“I suppose it does,” Sherlock replied warily. “But I live here now, so that means I’m not an alien anymore.”
"Several of them are, actually," Sherlock said, feeling rather impressed with this boy. Most people their age couldn't care less about arithmancy, let alone know the magicians behind the formulas.
“My name is John, and I’m nine years old!” The creature named John stated happily. “What’s your name, and what is that thing?”
“Of course…who are you?” John asked, tightening his grip ever so slightly when Sherlock made to pull away. “I’ve never seen you before.”
"That might be your only option," Sherlock says wisely, before stiffening. "I see Moran and Moriarty. Excuse me."
Mycroft looked like he already knew the answer to that question, but John ignored him, heading straight back into the house. He peeked around every corner, making sure Sherlock wasn’t waiting for him, then headed straight for a toilet, locking himself in.
"The pleasure is all mine," was what came out instead. Sherlock took his hand, giving it a firm shake.
Sherlock "borrowed" a pod while his parents were resting, flying as fast as he could towards the little blue and green planet. It was only after he landed in front of John's house that he realised he hadn't checked to see where John was.
Today (August 31st) is my birthday, and as a birthday gift to all of you, I have decided to update this fic! (I just...I really enjoy giving presents, okay?) I apologize profusely that it has taken me over three months to update. Some personal drama happened as I began this chapter, and it has been difficult to get to my computer and sit down to write. You all deserve so much better than this, and I promise I will work harder to get chapters out in the future. You are all such lovely people, and you shower my measly little fic with your beautiful kudos and comments. Seriously, I would hug you if I could. I am so so so blessed to have you read this, really I am. Keep being amazing, okay?
"Holmes?" John's eyebrows raised. "So that's why you seem familiar. You talk just like your brother."
Molly, whom Sherlock had forgotten momentarily, blushed a bright red as John stood. He followed the other two boys after giving Sherlock one last curious glance, an odd expression on his face.
“Oh my god, I love your jumper! Where did you get it?” The tall brunette says, his eyes focused on me.
Sherlock should have known that Mycroft was up to something, but he had completely ignored the signs until the paperwork was presented to him.
He panicked, unsure what the creature was saying as it continued to blather on, looking for the source of the commotion. Sherlock snuck back into his pod-ship, turning on the translator so he could understand the creature. He then exited, running straight into the creature.
“You don’t want to sit there.” I hear a voice say, and I looked for the source. Two guys a couple seats down were looking back at me with identical grin’s on their faces. Both of them were brunette, but the slimmer of the two was already starting to go silver. “Sally Donovan sits there. It’s right next to her boyfriend, Mark Anderson, and they spend their time getting to know each other better.” The one with the brown and silver hair boy continued.
Mycroft was silent for a minute, the soft cherry glow of his cigarette almost touching the filter. “He works for the police.”
“No.” The blond said, glaring daggers at the brunet. The effect of this was ruined by Lestrade flopping against his shoulder, the venom that spread through his veins working as a relaxant.
"And where do you get your statistics from, Mr Holmes?" Tom asked, grinning when Sherlock was unable to answer. "Look, Molly knows me. She knows what I like. I trust her."
"Nah, everyone is practically on the page," John said with a wave of his hand. "You'll be caught up within a few days."
There were only a few people that were present when Oliver Jones declared himself my boyfriend, so when he turns up dead in the school gymnasium, I have a narrow list to choose from.
"I'm afraid not," Mycroft sighed. "I have a lot to do before next year if I want to become Head Boy."
“No, you know what, I’m not.” John’s smirk returned in full force. “I’m going to do something first. I am going to make your family absolutely love me.”
Sherlock said nothing more as he and his family were lead out to the police cars. With the glare that Mycroft was shooting him, and the gold band on his ring finger that felt tighter by the second, Sherlock knew that it was going to be a long night.
"Women aren't exactly my area," Sherlock replied absentmindedly, wincing as his voice cracked on 'area".
“No?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, flopping down on the bed on his back. “They told you everyone hated me as a kid, and that I’m the same way as an adult.”
Sherlock's arms are twisted behind him, and there is an odd look on his face. It's a mix of anger, shock, and terrified, and when I see Detective Inspector Lestrade walking along behind him, I understand why. Sherlock is under arrest, and I don't have any more time to tell Lestrade of my suspicions.
Shackled quickly, the guards lead Hudson down a long hallway, ignoring the jeers of the other prisoners.
"Are you sure about this, brother mine?" Mycroft asked, twirling John's documents between his fingers. "Having a slave has proven beneficial to you. Are you willing to lose that?"
reason that you’re aren’t going to spend five more years in prison.” She continued fiercely. “If it were up to me, you would be in there for a long time.”
"Love is a much more vicious motivator," He mumbled to himself, glancing over towards the door. That was when he saw it.
"Isn't it exciting?" Sherlock asked John as they made their way to the pitch that evening. John had had to cancel their flying lesson earlier that week for an emergency Quidditch practice, which turned out to be in Sherlock's favour. It had down poured that afternoon, and the entire Gryffindor Quidditch team had turned up to dinner soaked to the bone.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. -Mark Twain
Sherlock hadn’t been lying when he promised his father that he would be attending the interview. He had had every intention of attending the infernal meeting, and had not the most intriguing distraction made itself known, Sherlock would have made good on his promise.
"Absolute madman." The words were painfully fond, and Sherlock glanced down to see a matching look on John's face. Heart caught in his throat, Sherlock glanced away, knowing that his expression matched John's.
“Thank you, John.” He said after a second. “Though I am going to have to hide my pod-ship. I don’t want anyone stealing it.”
“Alright, we’re all set.” Sherlock hummed, freeing John from the grasp of the fuzzy pink handcuffs at last. “Come inside. My family is excited to meet you.”
“Thanks dad. I’ll see you guys after school.” I say, getting out of the car, flinging my bag over my shoulder. I walk quickly to the school, avoiding the groups of people I see waiting on the lawn. It’s not that I didn’t want to socialise, I just wanted to get to my first class before school started.
The opening day for John's exhibit came the next week. According to John, he hadn't spoken to anyone but Sherlock, who couldn't help but feel slightly pleased by that. Sherlock kept himself busy trying to figure out the best way of getting John back to the sea. It wasn't easy, especially with a suspicious Mycroft breathing down his neck.
John stared at Sherlock in disbelief, something he was afraid he was going to do quite often. “I’ve never seen a dragon that pays attention to human life.”
John knew that he should be concerned that Sherlock could say those words with that much joy, but the excitement that began to well up in his own stomach shut him right up.
“I do believe he’s mine now.” His master, Sherlock, said. His pale hand reached out to snatch the remote away, which was quickly deposited in his trouser pocket. “Thank you very much. I do believe John and I are going to take our leave now.”
"I didn’t think it would be an issue.” Mycroft sighed. “I didn’t find anyone attractive at the time, so I thought there wouldn’t be any harm in letting you assume my assistant was my girlfriend.”
"We also found human hair at the crime scene," Lestrade said. "Did you know that you're top priority on IDENT1? We ran the prints and hair, and your profile popped up a minute later. I've never seen it work that fast."
“The Shining One?” Cain asks, surprise clear on his face. “He wants to visit us here?” The surprise turns to joy, then to terror. “We haven’t done anything wrong, have we brother?”
“It’s special hair crème from Afghanistan.” I say, working my lips into something resembling a smile. “It’s supposed to make your hair really shiny. It’s an apology for making you think that I was mad at you.”
"Obviously." Sherlock tried to sound impassive, and failed miserably. "That's why I dropped all those books on your head. Normally I'm very composed."
Sherlock chuckled, taking the human’s hand in his own and giving it a quick shake. “Sherlock Holmes. Pleasure.”
Sherlock stopped to take in the scene in front of him, eyes sweeping along the pavement, taking in the dark blood on the concrete. There was a flower pot that was shattered nearby, somewhere around where the victims head would have been, and a lone shoe nearby. A movement out of the corner of Sherlock’s eye caught his attention, and he looked up to see a harried looking detective inspector running a hand through his silver-grey hair. Just one glance at his face and Sherlock could tell he had come to the wrong conclusion about the murder.
“I’ve never read it, so bear with me.” John said, glancing over at Sherlock once, who nodded back to him. John cleared his throat, opened the book, and began to read.
A knot of anger twisted in John's stomach at Sherlock's words, his spine stiffening as if preparing for a fight.
A soft cough from the doorway interrupted him, and Sherlock turns to glare at the newcomer. The man was well dressed, his shoes gleaming as he shuffled nervously from foot to foot. A long, grey coat nearly covered his pressed black trousers and button up. Sherlock has just enough time to register the shock of curly brown hair before the stranger is swept into a hug by Molly.
Greg grinned at Sherlock, sitting down next the brunet. “Easy, really. Your given name, Sheol, was missing a few choice letters. Those letters happen to fit up with your more interesting deaths.”
“I…yeah, okay.” John said, turning back to look at Greg, but he was gone. An empty bench greeted him instead, no sign that the angel was ever there. John shook his head before turning back, glad that Sherlock had stayed in place.
“You’re an added bonus.” Sherlock winks at me, pulling out his mobile. “Come along. I have to meet Victor later on this evening, and I wish to get some work done.”
“You have his soul.” Mycroft commented lightly, noting the tears running down his face. “I’m sorry, Sheol, there’s nothing I can do. You removed his soul before his time.”
"By complaining that you'll be stuck with Mycroft all summer?" John snorted. "That doesn't count. Can I call you, if I can't see you?"
“You expect me to just get back in this car?” He said with gritted teeth. “Just go back to the bloody estate as though nothing happened?”
"Thank you so much for your concern of my welfare," John snorted. "On that note, get out. I need to change."
“Good. That’s settled then. Goodbye Carl.” Victor dismisses the small brunette, who practically sprints out of the lunchroom.
“You made me look bad!” Cain yelled, rounding on Abel when The Shining One left. “You’re always trying to make me look bad!”
It was the next day when Mycroft was sent to fetch him. John’s family had been absent, and the two boys spent the early morning and afternoon playing. Sherlock had never enjoyed childish games, but even he got the giggles when John pretended to ‘die’ dramatically while they played war. Mycroft saw everything, and seemed most amused.
Sherlock gets a look on his face that I can’t decipher. I open my mouth to ask if he’s alright, but I’m quickly interrupted by Victor, who is fashionably late.
“High-grade tranquilizer.” A startlingly familiar baritone said from about him, and John blinked blearily up at the shadowed figure. “I’m surprised that you made it so far, honestly. It took you about ten minutes to succumb. The average human barely lasts sixty seconds.”
“I…thank you, master.” Stamford looked overjoyed, tucking his bleeding wrist against his arm. “I am forever in your debt.”
I shoot the black haired boy a tight smile, and it’s apparently convincing enough, because Jim continues to talk. “I mean, it isn’t really his fault. Victor’s, I mean. He’s just so good looking, so all the boys and girls in the school want him. Who could blame them? But he still feels guilty.”
“First time using product?” Sherlock asked, glancing up at my hair, which I am sure was sticking up all over the place.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, a rush of fondness for Molly Hooper rushing over him. Though he rarely found her to be tolerable for long stretches of time, Molly had proven to be an excellent friend.
“Does everyone get a soul mate?” Sheol asks before he can stop himself. Greg understands what he is trying to say.
“Maybe they forgot mine.” Sebastian replies weakly, “I’m sure it was a mistake, and they’ll be coming in to deliver mine from Victor later on.”
“That was….really weird, to be honest.” The DI said, shaking his head. “And I’m not entirely convinced that you’re sober. What’s your name?”
"We would have freed them without the dramatics, Doctor Watson." Sherlock cut in. The blonde’s eyes widened fractionally at the use of his title, clearly surprised that a brunet would show such respect.
“He wasn’t murdered, he drowned in the pool!” The officer says, and I have a feeling this isn’t the first time he’s saying it. “It was an accident, nothing more.”
The inside of the station was no better than the outside; items were piled pell-mell on the shelves, windows were slightly grime covered, and everything had a fine layer of dust.
"I...we should get you back to St Bart's." Flustered once more, Sherlock turned and flagged down a cab. "Maybe we can still catch Tom."
John sighed, watching Sherlock straighten his shoulders. He wasn’t terrible looking, that was true. Sherlock couldn’t have been much older than him when he died, and it was obvious he took pride in his appearance. A long black coat draped over an ornamented silver waistcoat. Black breeches fit snugly against his thighs, making the white stockings on his calves pop tastefully. Even his shoes were shined to perfection.
"You've let your heart rule your head, Sherlock." a voice says from the darkness of the empty hallway. A tall, posh looking bloke steps out from the shadows like a bad James Bond villain. "What have I told you about that?"
“Sherlock, thank god you’re here,” A voice startled John, and he looked up to see a silver haired human standing near a group of police dragons. John gaped for a second, realising that the silver haired human was
During lunchtime I found myself sitting with Greg and Mike at a table by the wall. They were currently going over where every clique sat, though I could hardly pay attention.
Placing his hand over the man’s heart, Sherlock began to draw his soul gently out of his body. He is startled when a highly tanned hand slapped over his.
“Find use for one.” Mycroft said, motioning towards the papers in Sherlock’s grasp. Sherlock rolled his eyes, scrawling his signature on the slavery ownership forms, shoving them into Mycroft’s arms as soon as he was done.
"Don't." John said, commanding his attention with just the one word. "I meant what I said before. This has been the best Christmas I have ever had."
“Oh, you’re much more than that, John. Or haven’t you heard?” Sherlock looks up at me, a small smirk on his face. “You’re a well-known lady killer according to the rumours Victor has been spreading. The female population knows you as ‘Three-Continents Watson’.”
Sheol and the angel watched as the young man disappeared. Turning to Sheol, the angel extended his hand. “The soul?”
Sherlock weaved his way out of the cheering crowd, climbing down the stands rather quickly. The Gryffindor team was walking off the pitch dejectedly, their brooms dragging along the soft grass. John received a few pats on the back from other Gryffindors, but he didn't seem to register them.
Sheol looks up again to find The Shining One clothing the man and woman in animal skins. He waits patiently, and soon The Shining One adorns him in skins as well, but he is given something that the man and woman are not.
He hung up quickly, whirling back to the pair, a bright smile on his face. “Out of regular coffee? What a shame! How about the customer and I go and grab some out of the back?”
Of course, it was harder to keep his secret from the ghosts that haunted his town. Stare at one too long, and they’re jumping up and down, haunting you until you figured out how to send them off to the afterlife. Sometimes it took a good arse-kicking to get them to leave you alone, in which something would inevitably end up breaking.
Not that the army doctor realised he was doing it, of course.  As Sherlock studied John, he realised that the man couldn’t see the aura that souls produced. John began working hard before the aura appeared, and his hand stayed far longer than necessary on whomever the good doctor had saved that day. If he could see the aura, he would wait until the soul began to shine before placing his hand on the patient’s chest.
“I need another pair of eyes, of course.” Mycroft said, twiddling the handle of his umbrella. “To make sure he is assigned the proper master.”
“Good afternoon.” A silky female voice said from behind him, and Sherlock turned around in surprise. There, just behind the counter, stood a brunet girl around the age of twenty four. Her lips were painted a vibrant red, and her hair was coiled in a perfect bun. “Can I help you with anything today?”
The Great Hall was silent for a moment before bursting into applause. The hat settled back onto the stool, looking once again like a worn out old wizards hat.
Sherlock laid in bed for a half an hour, listening to the futile search of John’s. His footsteps quickly got erratic and frustrated, but never louder. Even while in the midst of being kidnapped, John seemed to be nothing if not polite.
Sherlock huffed, but he followed Mycroft into the prison cells to meet the John Watson. It wasn’t hard to guess who he was. The other blonds looked beaten down, defeated. But one stood out.
“I’ve been invited to Victor Trevor’s annual Halloween party.” I tell Greg and Mike. It’s the early morning, and we’re currently hiding behind the school. Not my idea, of course. Mike seems to think that we need to hide when we hang out. Something about not giving away my secret identity or something, as if I’m some kind of superhero.
“Cottage!” Mary declared, causing the two officers to jump. “That’s where my darling fiancé said the horrible man took him. To a cottage.”
“I do believe we’ll need precaution on this one.” The elder dragon said to the handler, “Fit him with one of those temporary collars. I’ll send it back when we get a proper one on him.”
Molly looked pleased at Sherlock's pronouncement, and she followed him out of the train, practically skipping as she went.
“You have to go.” Greg says at once, and I raise my eyebrow. “To see Victor in his natural habitat. You’ll see what he’s really like.”
"I'll let my sister know that you think I'm tall," John said, grinning lazily up at the scaffolding that Sherlock had made his permanent perch. "She's made fun of me for years for my short length."
John snorted, grabbing his chemistry book and pulling it on his lap. "I really could use help with this."
“The past is the past.” Sherlock said, trying to sound as carefree as possible. “Now, your phone and keys.”
John stared at the three of them for a few moments longer before turning around and walking away. Sherlock could vaguely hear him mutter something about the sanity of his parents before his feet sounded on the stairs.
"Sure, yeah. A date would be fantastic," John agreed, a small smile forming at the loud scoff from Sherlock.
“You were there, you saw it.” Sherlock snapped, not looking up as John moved to stand in front of him.
Sheol knows that Mycroft is visiting him frequently to make sure he isn’t affected by the deaths, and he works hard to make the angel proud. Mycroft visits him so much, that Sheol begins to wonder if he is the only angel in heaven. It isn’t until later that he meets Gabriel.
“Good choice. My name is Greg Lestrade.” The boy with the brown and silver hair said, a grin on his face. “And that’s Mike Stamford.” He pointed to the larger boy, who waved.
"Sherlock?" A different voice said, sending a shock through Sherlock's system. He whirled around to see John standing there, a small smile on his face.
The rest of the sorting passed slowly, not that Sherlock bothered paying attention. He caught various names and houses, of course. It was hard to ignore the ridiculous cheering when "Moriarty, James" became Slytherin, or "Morstan, Mary" became Gryffindor.
"It could be dangerous," Sherlock said with a shrug. He winked once at Watson, before turning and strolling away. Just a few more steps and-
They came to a halt, and Sherlock struggled to get the makeshift blindfold off. He needed to see John, needed to get a read on him. Gentle hands lifted the cloth off his face, and suddenly John was in front of him, smiling warmly.
"Obvious. Your jumper is a hand-me-down. It's only recently out of style, so that means your brother can't be too much older than you. Judging by how slight you are, and taking that into consideration for your brother, I would guess he's about fifteen or sixteen. There are a few light stains around the cuffs, too light to be firewhiskey, too dark to be carbonated soda. It's not a bad thing to be addicted to. Much like cheering charms, it causes a pleasant warmth to fill you, but it can spread over to other addictions if it's given enough time."
"Yes, but why here?" John asked, looking rather amused. Besides the two of them, the common room was completely empty. Breakfast didn’t start for another two hours, so everyone was getting much needed rest.
“Took it with him everywhere.” Siger chuckled. “Said it was his best friend. Talked to him about his cases.”
The DI stared at him for a few seconds, obviously trying to comprehend what he had said. His mouth opened and closed a few times, and Sherlock watched fascinated as he tried to gather his words. “Excuse me? Are you on drugs?”
on you!" John whispered fiercely, leaning forward so no one else could hear.  "What kind of brother is he?"
“Oh, even when he was younger, Sherlock wanted to be a detective.” Violet said. “He would talk about solving murders, and examining bodies.”
"Oh, but John decided to butt in anyway. Very rude," Jim admonishes. "And this way I have better security. You won't do anything if I threaten John."
-Otto III (June, 980-January 23, 1002) became King of Germany at the early age of three, though several people served as regent until he reached adult hood at the age of 14. In 996 he became both the King of Italy and the Holy Roman Emperor as well. He died in the Civita Castellana (approximately 65 km north of Rome) from fever complications. He had no spouse, and no heirs.
It could only be considered stalking if the participant was uncomfortable with the idea of being watched, Sherlock convinced himself, and this Doctor Watson neither knew of his existence, nor objected to his surveillance, so there was no harm in checking up on the doctor, really. Whenever he wasn’t busy collecting souls, Sherlock went searching for Doctor Watson, studying the man. At first he convinced himself that he wanted to find out how the blond had kept Sherlock from taking the soul of Murray, but all too soon he realised that he was merely curious about the man in general. Not that the protection of the soldier’s soul became unimportant, but rather became one of many reasons why Death found Doctor Watson so interesting.
“Can I ask where we’re going?” Lestrade asked when he caught up to Sherlock, his breath only slightly elevated from trying to keep up with the taller vampire. Sherlock smirked, glancing at him briefly.
Sherlock stares at me for a second, and the suddenly we’re kissing, his arms wrapping around my waist as he draws me in. It’s the most marvellous thing I’ve ever done, and I never want to stop. He runs a hand through my hair, and I-
“Oh, crime scenes!” Mummy sighed, letting him go so she could look up at him. “You need to grow up and get a
Victor looks at Carl with a smile on his face, though it’s unlike any smile I’ve seen before. Victor looks like he would very much like to tear Carl apart. Carl takes a step back, any smugness completely gone.
“Of course.” Sherlock replied, moving into John’s sight range. He could see several emotions playing over the dragon’s face. Amusement, surprise, and something similar to awe. “I wanted to see what you would do if given the ability to escape. If I had been a lesser dragon, you probably would have lost me.”
He attempted to reason with himself. But he knew this wasn’t accurate. He had taken Johann Sebastian Bach with just a brushing of his fingertips against the composer’s wrist. ‘
." Father said. "What you did was incredible, and I am so sorry for not encouraging you to do this sooner."
At first, Sherlock didn't see anything. The round tank that occupied the centre of the room seemed to be empty. Upon closer inspection, however, he saw the creature.
The pair made their way through the crowds, fighting to get on a crowded carriage. John found himself wedged between four other humans, and though Sherlock still held his leash, he could barely see the top of his curly hair.
Shooting a look of disbelief at Sherlock, I wave a hand at my parents. “Sherlock, this is my mum and dad. Mum and dad, Sherlock. Now, we have to go study.”
He swiped at the answer button, striding towards the back of the restaurant, making sure he was well out of earshot before answering. "Molly."
"There would be a trail to follow. Susan Marlowe is only 13. Even the most talented wizards leave a trail behind, magical or what have you. But Marlowe..."
"Oh, I don't know. He could be a Slytherin like his mummy," Violet replied with a wink. "So ambitious, too!"
"I suppose I would go home." John answered hesitantly, a bemused smile on his face that Sherlock didn't understand.  "I would live as a free man with those I love."
Sherlock huffed out a breath, moving across the room and pulling out his violin, tuning it quickly before tossing it on his bed. Playing wouldn't do him any good now.
Sherlock sighed as his family and John gathered round in the sitting room, each of them grabbing their gift from under the tree. Mummy even remembered to get John something, and he held the lumpy package in his hands,
Dr John Watson and Miss Mary Morstan are pleased to announce their engagement, and are to be married the 14th of February of this year.
“Wait…really?” John turned to look at Sherlock, whose cheeks were once again a nice shade of red. “You had a crush on me.”
“Piss off.” John replied, his voice rough from disuse. Sherlock’s grin brightened, and he turned back to the handler, his blood red tail curling happily at the thought of John as his slave.
Ten minutes later John crawled out of bed, making his way to the bathroom. He quickly showered and brushed his teeth, and, feeling more human than he had since yesterday, re-entered his room with just a towel around his waist. He had to remember to stifle his shout when he saw Sherlock sitting on his bed once more.
The glow began to recede as Sherlock willed it back into John’s body, and Sherlock let out a cry of relief. The wound on his shoulder was still bleeding, but John wasn’t in any danger of dying. Sherlock continued to push, jumping when a hand clasped his.
“We all do silly things when we’re in love.” Mummy said. “Of course we’ll laugh at his joke! Now, bring the poor boy in, he must be getting cold!”
“Sherlock Holmes, you are under arrest for the kidnap of John Watson.” One of the officers said, his gun pointing to each one of them in turn.
The vampire quickly shut his straying thoughts down, focusing on the rich smell of blood that was oh so willingly following him down the tiny alleys. The copper smell mixed nicely with a hint of scotch and pinecones; not an unusual smell, but definitely a break from the mundane. Sherlock sucked in a deep breath before turning on Lestrade, pinning him against the dirty brick wall of the alley.
“He did?” Sebastian’s attention is diverted beautifully. “I haven’t talked to him since the talent show.”
“Lord, I didn’t want to have to deal with a stubborn ghost on my first day in London.” John sighed to himself before addressing Sherlock. “Listen, you’re not meant to be here. You’re supposed to…er…go on, or whatever it is people do after they die.”
“He was in Higbies two days ago.” Molly said, nodding. “He came up to place an order, and we were all out of regular old coffee so Sherlock- oh. Oh no.”
“I would like to try something.” Sheol said as a grin spread across his face. “I believe you to be my soul-mate. If this is true, you should be safe from my curse.”
Sherlock chuckled, turning back around and letting out a sort of choking noise at what John was wearing.
“Because my brother will snoop if we go to mine.” Sherlock says, as if this is the most obvious thing in the world.
“Oh, and Mycroft?” His voice was lofty. “You have been spending too much time with the mortals on earth. You’ve been gaining weight.”
“Thank you, Mummy.” Sherlock pressed a quick kiss to her cheek. “One other request…can I be the key-master for this weekend?”
and it is my absolute favorite children's Christmas story. Like, 'Twas the Night before Christmas' is great and all, but Willowby is awesome. I never really see it around, so I don't know if it's more popular in other places than here, or what, but I thought I could spread the word of this glorious book.
“Of course.” I say brightly, and Victor beams at me. “I wouldn’t miss it for the world. Hey, are you going to buy candy canes for the fundraiser?”
"Mr Holmes, hand over the Merman, and we won't shoot," One of the men called calmly, his voice carrying through the closed windows.
I sigh. He’s right, of course, and my facial expression must tell him that I’ve given up, because his smirk grows more triumphant.
John decided he would feel angrier after he woke up. Right now, however, he was just too exhausted to feel anything other than sleepy. The fog quickly rushed in, and before the darkness of unconsciousness took him, he could briefly hear Sherlock whisper: “Oh, John. I have big plans for you.”
"Christ, but it's good to see you," I say, looking up at Jim. He looks different, somehow. His gaze is inscrutable, and it sends a cold swoop of worry through my stomach. Jim is usually so happy and open, and it's almost scary seeing him like this.
The sudden shift from dark to light made John’s head pound, and he ducked his head as he made his way down the street. He would never be mistaken for a dragon, but if he kept his head low enough, they would assume he was a slave going about his chores.
“Naturally.” Sherlock grinned, earning a laugh from John. “My parents felt bad for me, so they and Mycroft sat down and listened to my entire program, which consisted of three songs.”
Upon much study, Sherlock discovered that it was called a war. The last war on Holmes had been nearly three centuries before, and any guns that were owned were defunct, and put on display in museums.
“You’re the angel of death, aren’t you?” John said softly, and the man’s eyes widen, a small, surprised smile on his face.
"Well, all the people that died," Jim pouts at me, managing to make it look adorable. "Carl Powers, Jennifer Wilson, and Sarah Sawyer. You flirted with all of them."
He found the box, pulling it out slowly as he mulled over his words, the velvet feeling soft in his tight grip.
“Molly. The place looks…clean.” Sherlock said, sitting down in the chair in front of her desk. While other angels continued the white theme, Molly got rid of it entirely. Her desk was shiny black, and her chair a bright pink. The two chairs in front of the desk, reserved for guests, were a mismatched blue and orange, though it worked surprisingly well.
"I haven't done anything," John said. "Except clean, and trust me when I say that didn't work on earth."
“Right. Well it was nice meeting you Mr Holmes, but I’m going to have to ask you to leave the premises now.” The DI said.
"I don't care about that," Sherlock said haughtily. "I'm just concerned that you're going to go and get yourself killed by some idiot, and then you'll be stuck here forever."
“I do, though I have yet to see your hand tremble.” Sherlock said, giving John’s hand a cursory look. John frowned, lifting his hand to stare at it in confusion.
Today (August 31st) is my birthday, and for my birthday, I decided to update this fic! (Okay, I know it's not a great present, but I didn't know what else to get you...) I would like to apologize profusely for the humongously long delay in getting this out. As I told someone in the comments, my family has been having some personal drama, and while it is of the good variety (once you get past the shock) it is very, for lack of a better word, dramatic. Sitting down to my poor little laptop has been a no-go. (Also, my poor, sad little laptop needed a new battery and plug in, as it would die every time I would unplug it from the wall, but that's hardly an excuse. I just needed to become friendlier with walls, is all)
“No, it is Cain’s.” The angel fixed his icy stare on Cain. Stumbling to his feet, the young man backed away from Sheol, pain and terror in his face.
"Oh, don't play dumb with me, Sherlock Holmes," Molly said. "We have been friends for nearly five years. I know you better than that. You only put on that innocent air when you're hiding something. And you forgot to pretend you didn't know Tom's name."
The dragons strolled along the corridors, glancing through each door they passed. Most of the humans drew away in fear, causing Sherlock to scoff in disgust. It wasn’t until they had reached the last corridor that they found anyone remotely interesting.
“Wrong.” Sherlock called out, smirking as the DI jumped. Their eyes met, and he got a brief glance of annoyance and shock before professionalism took over on the other man’s face.
"Is this some kind of joke to you?" Greg splutters, surprising us both. "There is a dead kid, and you're making jokes about it."
“I love you, John Watson.” Sherlock said hurriedly. “I want nothing more to spend the rest of my life with you, if you’ll have me.”
“Just do as I say!” Victor snaps, cutting Sebastian off. Sebastian looks imploringly at Victor, who in turn ignores him. When Sarah Sawyer, the emcee for the event, announces their act, however, he moves where Victor demanded him too, looking more than downtrodden.
Who is this person, and why do they want me to go to the pool? I delete the message, thinking they probably got the wrong number. Less than a minute later, however, I receive another one.
Thank god my parents were out of the city for the weekend. They had gone to visit grams and gramps, and had approved of me inviting a few friends over. This was probably not what they had in mind.
“Was that Greg Lestrade and Mike Stamford?” Victor asks when he reaches me. “Why were they talking to you?”
My jaw drops, and I stare at him in amazement. An odd look crosses his face, as though he’s preparing for me to attack him.
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was so soft, so tender, that for a moment, Sherlock could imagine, could believe…
I snort at the response, but before I can ask him how he got my number, I get yet another text from him.
"Because he became boring," Jim replies almost cheerfully. "He is brilliant, almost as brilliant as me, but he decided to side with the
"Alone is what I have," Sherlock said, standing up. "Alone protects me. Now, be useful, and clean something."
He made his way towards the little town, peeking inside the various buildings for John. Not that he knew what he would do when he saw him, of course; he would figure it out as he went.
Candy canes were sent out the morning before the talent show, and it was in the middle of Maths class that our plan came to fruition. Jim sat on one side of me, and Sebastian on the other. It was the one class we didn’t share with Victor, and thankfully I had Mike in the student government who could decide who would receive their candy canes at what time.
“We can’t wait to meet Victor.” Mummy said quickly, her voice cheerful. “I’m sure he’s even lovelier than you claim.”
“Yeah, and he cheats on Sherlock every day.” Sebastian grumbles, not noticing when I freeze in place. “In the auditorium sound booth immediately after school. With Irene Adler.”
“You’re safe.” The vampire began, his voice deep, calm, and reassuring. “You are always safe with me as long as you serve me well. Your master is thirsty now; be a good slave and offer me a drink.”
Laying Otto on the ground, Sheol began to tremble, tears flowing down his cheeks. Otto was not supposed to die, he hadn’t had the glow of leaving soul. Placing his hands on Emperor’s chest, he tried to will the soul back into his body, but to no avail. Otto was gone.
Mary stared at the Met, her bright red coat wrapped snugly around her body. The faint sounds of a Christmas party could be heard from outside the building, laughter pouring from the doors. She let out a sigh before walking towards the building, letting herself in.
"Yeah, right." John said, "Don't want to be stuck with me for an eternity, got the message already. It's like having an obnoxious guardian angel."
Sherlock could hear banging in the truck as the car began to fill with water. The trunk popped open, and a very rattled looking John floated out.
I am so desperately sorry to keep you waiting, and I want to thank every commenter, kudoer, and whoever has read this story. You have no idea how absolutely wonderful you are. (Literally...I can't even spell I'm so thrilled. I just tried to spell absolutely "ablosultetly") I'm a lame-o that doesn't update a lot, apparently, so if you wanna complain at me, or you're just bored out of your mind and want to check out more blogs, you can find me on tumblr (same name, naturally.)
"It'll be fine," Sherlock said, brushing off his concern. "It'll take barely three seconds to heal with the right charm."
The shower turned on, and Sherlock let out a small groan, flopping on the bed next to his violin. It was going to be a long night.
Sherlock nods in confirmation, “Yes, thank you Victor. No, I won’t be coming over right away, I need to have a look. Oh, shut up. Goodbye.”
“I find you fascinating.” John had said, leaving Sherlock completely flustered. He had vanished, unsure of what else he could do at that point. John couldn’t find him fascinating, not how he found John fascinating, at least.
“Hello there.” John said, glancing around for Jim’s crazy ghost boyfriend, happy when he didn’t see him.
Sheol sucked in a breath, looking down at the young Emperor with wonder. He had never been loved before, and it was a marvellous feeling.
John entered the lab, pleased to see that Sherlock was already there. Unable to keep the grin off his face, he plopped down next to Sherlock, marvelling to himself once again how lucky he was.
“That would be great, ta.” John took a bite of sausage, nearly choking on it when Sherlock walked through the door. The man looked unfairly good with his tousled hair still damp from the shower. Curls hung across his forehead almost artfully, and John had to force himself to look away before he was caught staring. The man may be gorgeous, but he was still a kidnapper.
after all, designed with you in mind. If you had bothered to read more than the beginning sentence of your licencing contract, you would have realised that should your collar be unlocked by any means other than the micro-chipped key I was given, an automatic sedative would be injected into your bloodstream.”
"Sorry, what?" The human asked in confusion. Sherlock sighed deeply, as if he felt the man was being deliberately stupid.
Sherlock grabbed the rubbish bag, tying the top in a knot before heading for the back door, heading out into the cold without even a coat on.
“Why are you so chipper?” John asked, rubbing at his wrists as he got out of the car, unconsciously moving so that he was walking alongside Sherlock as they made their way to the door. “I’m getting out of here immediately. I’m going to tell your family exactly what you did to get me here, then they will bring me back to London immediately.
“The short, dark haired one is Jim Moriarty.” Mike says. “He’s super cute, and super dumb. He’s from Ireland, though, so all the girls and guys like him.”
“Perceptive.” Greg smiled. “I can see why he likes you so. Yes, I am. I was known as the angel Gabriel, but as the years have passed, I have changed my name.”
I nod, completely mortified. I highly doubt it would matter if Victor knew or not. I would never be seen as competition to the tall brunette boy. I glance over, surprised to see Sherlock walking towards our little group, though I shouldn’t have been. Greg and Mike told me that Sherlock eats here when he, you know, deigns to eat.
"Oh, fine. Yes, I did remember his name," Sherlock huffed. "There, my big secret revealed. I'll put the toes away later."
“That is also against the rules. I’m sorry, Sheol.” Mycroft said. Sheol began to panic at the thought of never seeing his love again.
“I know, but…I’m feeling the Christmas spirit this year.” Sherlock said, hoping his sarcasm wasn’t seeping through. The smile his mother gave him, however, proved that it wasn’t. “And I’m probably the only one that can hide Mycroft’s mobile so he can’t find it.”
I call the police before leaving Victor’s party, letting them know about the body in an anonymous tip. I shot Sherlock a text, letting him know that there was a perfectly good body outside that he could look at, warning him that I called Scotland Yard, and that they should be there soon. He never replied.
Sherlock strolled along the perimeter of the building, trying to figure out where Tom had headed. It was entirely possible he went to purchase a new scarf, or maybe he hadn't noticed the missing scarf at all and was waiting patiently for his date.
John’s eyes widened, and he looked up in surprise. Sure enough, he and Sherlock were directly under the mistletoe.
"I was," John said, walking towards him slowly. "And do you know what I figured out while I was on a date with him?"
Sherlock could see that an attack was coming, and he steeled himself to take a punch, but it never came. Instead, he watched as the blond pulled back to punch him, the ice under his feet making it impossible to stay upright, and he crashed to the ground with a nasty sounding crack.
Not that John could get more than a few words out of Sherlock. He'd been trying to strike up a conversation ever since Sherlock dropped several books on John's head during his first year at St Bart's.
“But you’ve been busy.” John replied. “Solving murders, saving lives. God, but it’s impressive. I just lost my job at the A&E.”
"Who do we trust automatically, even when we don't know them?" Sherlock mused. "Who can wander the corridors and we don't even notice them?"
“Motorcycle accident, from what I heard.” Bill said. “Apparently Sebastian was riding, and had too many to drink, and he ran off the road. Jim was with him when it happened, but he came away with only a few scratches.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I reply instantaneously. Does Victor know that I’m currently hanging out with Sherlock? That I’m friends with Greg and Mike, who completely hate him?
“We want to invite you to eat lunch with us every day for the rest of the year.” The tall blond says. It’s clear that, even though this is an invitation, I’m not allowed to decline. The bell that signals the end of lunch rings shrilly, and I find myself at the intense scrutiny of three pairs of eyes.
“Mycroft, you have to help me.” Sheol began as soon as he saw the angel. Mycroft looked up from his desk, frowning at Sheol.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched, and John grinned at him in victory. He held out a hand, and Sherlock took it, letting John pull him into a standing position.
“There is a number of people who could have sufficient motive to murder Powers.” Sherlock sounds frustrated, and he thankfully didn’t seem to catch any of my conversation with Victor. “But no one is clever enough to have orchestrated it!”
“No I haven’t.” John looked amused, struggling to sit up. Sherlock stopped him, putting a hand on his unwounded shoulder. “I would remember a face like yours.”
“Of course I did. Everyone did.” It was Sherlock’s turn to avoid eye contact, and he had it mastered. “It just…got worse when I got to know you.”
Sherlock’s jaw dropped open, and John was struck by the insatiable need to kiss the shocked look from his face. He shook his head ruefully, finally looking away.
“Victor.” Sherlock interrupted, giving the gaping blond a chastising look. “Why don’t you go get settled? We’re in the bunk room at the end of the upstairs hallway.”
"Could you address me as Tom?" Sherlock asked, stepping back to properly look at Angelo. "It's a...a social experiment to see how...err...how dates react to various names."
"He is probably the most dangerous wizard you will possibly meet," Sherlock agreed. "Don't worry, if he hurts you, I'll tell mummy."
At first glance, it was easy to assume the man was human. He was handsome, of course, but not necessarily otherworldly. His hair was grey, striking on a man as young as he appeared to be.
The reply is almost immediate, and even though I’ve only known Sherlock for a couple of days, there is no doubt in my mind that it’s him.
“Oh, hello, Victor!” Violet greeted happily, and Sherlock’s head whipped around so fast that John nearly winced in sympathy. “Did you have a good time at the store?”
“The Emperor?” Mycroft asked, looking faintly alarmed. “Why on earth would you think him your soul-mate?”
"Now, I add this small quantity of blood to a litre of water. You perceive that the resulting mixture has the appearance of pure water. The proportion of blood cannot be more than one in a million. I have no doubt, however, that we shall be able to obtain the characteristic reaction." Sherlock rattled off, dropping a white crystal into the water, followed by clear liquid. Sure enough, a brownish dust formed at the bottom of the container. Watson looked impressed with his discovery, and Sherlock grinned, preening slightly."Tell me though, how do you know that I’ve been to Afghanistan?”
"You've been pointedly ignoring me for about two years now," John replied. "How else am I supposed to interpret that?"
“Thank you.” Molly grinned. “I must say, when I got orders to talk to a demon about a stolen soul, I never expected it to be you.”
John came down less than ten minutes later, a button up that belonged to Father looked dashing on his short frame. In one hand he held a blanket, and in the other was Sherlock’s violin.
“I’m a consulting detective.” Sherlock told John. “I believe it is customary for the boyfriend to know the ins and outs of their significant other’s life. Since I can read yours just by looking at you, you don’t have to worry about informing me of your career.”
“Yes, you can.” Mary said, smoothing down the front of her red coat. “I would like to report a kidnapping.”
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. He created man and creature, land and sea, light and darkness, and life and death.
“Victor didn’t seem that bad.” I reply softly. A little bossy, perhaps, but not mean. “He actually seems nice.”
“That’s what parents do.” John sighed. “They tell embarrassing stories to boyfriends and girlfriends. This was mean, yeah, but they didn’t do it because they don’t like you.”
John chuckled at that. It was a pleasant and kind laugh, and it made Sherlock feel warm inside. "Well, mister genius, I don't have your name."
“Yes, that sounds like Sherlock.” Siger chuckled. “He may seem indifferent, but he’s got a romantic heart.”
“That is no way to talk to a client.” Mummy admonished. “It’s no wonder you’re lacking them. Clients, that is. No one wants to go to a detective that is so rude.”
“I’m sure Victor and Sherlock would like to be alone right now.” Mycroft said helpfully, and Sherlock shot him a suspicious look. Mycroft never helped anyone out unless it suited him. “Oh come off it, Sherlock. My brother just got engaged, I don’t think I need a reason to help you out.”
DI Lestrade nodded to himself, scribbling something down on the notepad before looking at me again. "What is the nature of your relationship with Sherlock Holmes?"
“Oh, you boys.” Violet shook her head, peering into cabinets. “Always fighting. Hopefully you don’t do such ridiculous things in front of Victor.”
"What if they used a gun to make it look like a human had done it?" John asked, moving closer to the body.
“It’s a jumper, you berk.” John replied, tugging at the oatmeal fabric uncomfortably. “And I happen to like it, thank you very much.”
“Ergh.” John groaned, turning so he could rest against the skip, trying desperately to keep his eyes open. “Christ…what is happening to me?”
“That’s okay,” I say. “We’ll be ready for him. I dealt with Victor and his Plastics all year. One mean guy isn’t going to scare me.”
"Yes, well, we'll need to get you there first," Sherlock said, tapping on the cool metal. "Perhaps, if I fill the boot of a car with water..."
“Don’t be intentionally idiotic, John.” He says scathingly. “No, we’re just going to have to wait for another body to turn up before we can find the common denominator.”
“Drive carefully.” Sherlock told his father, handing over the keys to what John presumed was Siger’s car. “The ice is thick, and they hardly take proper care of roads out here.”
“No, they left that out. It’s obvious if you know what to look for.” Sherlock replied easily. “But that’s only one of your many admirable qualities. Is it true that you killed a fully transformed dragon with your bare hands?”
“Later.” I manage to say without gritting my teeth, watching as Victor walks away with an extra spring in his step. I have no idea what he told Sherlock about me during that Halloween party, but ever since then, Sherlock had managed to blow me off at every opportunity.
“Moran, Moriarty.” Sherlock says coolly, setting his lunch tray on the table, plopping into the seat next to me. “John. I didn’t realise you sat here.”
“I planned on going.” I said. “I’ve never been to a Halloween party before, so it’ll be a great experience.”
"It's a possibility, but unlikely," Sherlock replied. "Come, walk with me, and I shall tell you my idea."
Sherlock hummed in agreement, moving over to make room for John. John pulled up a stool, setting the cookies down on it, before handing Sherlock a glass, pouring each of them a healthy amount.
"Yeah, lucky me," John muttered. "You need to stop haunting your ex-boyfriend. It's getting creepy."
“That’s why.” The handler said in response to the elder dragon’s first question. “He knows too much, and is far too dangerous.”
"Yeah, well, I wouldn't wish a burn like that on anyone," John huffed. "It's not like we're friends now or anything."
Sherlock stepped inside the restaurant, the door had just barely shut when he was enveloped in a large hug.
"Yes, yes. Love is a disadvantage and all that." He snapped at his brother, who merely raised an eyebrow.
But what it was, John would never find out. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s cheek, which shut him up immediately. The other hand rested itself on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, playing with the soft curls. John gave Sherlock a reassuring grin before closing the distance, standing on his tip toes to reach the taller man’s lips.
Jim turned to look, a small smile crossing his face at the sight of John, which then fell off his face as John ran straight into him, knocking him out of the way of the cab. John managed to twist them just in time so that their shoulders scrapped against the pavement.
A sudden rapping on the bathroom door made John jump, and he nearly dropped the phone in his surprise.
"Ah." Sherlock said, turning so John couldn't see his face. Not that Sherlock would show his heartbreak in an obvious manner, but John had proven adept at reading his stoic faces before.
John laughed again, and the wriggling got worse. It was best to ignore the strange symptom for now, as he could do nothing to treat it. He needed to find a killer first.
He hadn't been a boy, not really, but he appeared younger than the rest of the group, most likely a few years younger than himself. He had eyes like the sea, and hair wilder than kelp, and John had been absolutely baffled at how observant he had been. The other humans had barely noticed the spear wound on his shoulder, let alone the decade old scaring on his tail.
John could feel three pairs of eyes follow his movements as he made his way up the stairs, he vanished from their view, but he knew they were just waiting, hoping that they would be down soon.
Sherlock froze as he watched his boyfriend walk towards him, his bespoke suit making him stand out uncomfortable among the rest of the coffee shop patrons. Victor was taller than Sherlock, maybe about six foot two, and thick brown hair that most people were jealous of. A bright, false smile showed off his straight teeth, and Sherlock knew that whatever Victor had to say wasn’t going to be good.
Sherlock unlocked the door, trudging up the seventeen steps to the flat above. He flicked on a light as he entered the door to the kitchen, flipping on the tea kettle immediately.
“You’re a head taller than me.” John chuckled. “I like what you’ve done with your hair, by the way.”
John was exhausted. Every day since he had woken up, there had been humans demanding answers from him, but today they brought in a whole crowd. The humans threw questions at him so rapidly that he couldn't translate quickly enough.  Eventually, he became so frustrated and angry that he refused to speak, on principle alone.
Sherlock and Molly walked over to Hagrid, pushing through the crowds going the opposite way. Sherlock turned to look, noticing groups getting into horseless carriages that lead them, presumably, to the school.
Sherlock stares at me for a moment before gracing me with a small smile. “I have not, no. I’ve been stuck in a rut. There seems to be a connection with Jennifer Wilson and Carl Powers, but I haven’t found one yet.”
How John managed to convince him to go to his rugby match, Sherlock would never know. He had been tutoring John in chemistry for several months now, and was pleasantly surprised to discover that he was an excellent student, as well as a good friend.
I am so desperately sorry for the painfully long wait. I hope shiny booty shorts help make up for it!
"Oh, Sherlock," Mummy said, sounding disappointed. "Don't you think it's time to give up on that little flight of fancy? You've had your fun, but it's time to get a real job."
Sherlock didn't hear about the disappearance until three days later. Apparently Susan Marlowe was a good student who had been well liked by everyone. She had never been given detention, and no one really disliked her. There were no clear motives as to why Marlowe had vanished, or how.
A mix of horror and grudging admiration dawned on Sherlock’s face. “You are surprisingly ruthless. I do think we could have gotten along had we met under different circumstances.”
“Fine, hold onto your childish anger.” Mycroft rolled his eyes. “But go save the souls of the men at war. They have done nothing to harm you.”
“I meant over by the punch bowl.” Victor gestures to the large bowl of punch, which has steadily become less punch and more vodka as the night went on. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he walked over to the bowl all the same, turning to give Victor a look as if to say ‘why are you wasting my time?’
“Even if I wanted to ‘go on’, I cannot.” Sherlock shrugged, whirling away from John and walking to the window. “Unfinished business and all that nonsense.”
"Extraordinary," John said, and Sherlock turned his focus to John's face. Not lying. "Simply extraordinary."
"You said 'a bit different from my day'," Sherlock replied. "Now which was it? Afghanistan or Iraq?"
Mycroft opened his mouth to respond with something most likely scathing, when he was interrupted by Violet’s happy cheer.
"I think what Sherlock does is brilliant," John chimes in. "He saves people, he proves them innocent. I can't think of a nobler career than that."
"Four to a boat!" Hagrid called, and they all clamoured to find a boat. Sherlock had hoped to get a boat to himself, but Molly joined him almost immediately, followed by another boy and girl. They both had dark hair, the boy's was slicked back, and the girls coiled in an elegant bun on the back of her head.
Sherlock stood there, looking intimidating in the bright afternoon sunlight. The light that shone through his translucent body made the silver of his waistcoat gleam brightly. His arms were crossed tightly in front of his chest, and his eyes were narrowed in anger. John swallowed nervously, averting his eyes.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock said hurriedly as he pulled away. "Oxygen deficiency to my brain. I didn't mean...that is to say, I
Sherlock could see John glance over at him from the corner of his eye, but he refused to expand on his thought. He chose instead to change the topic, focusing on his career rather than his family life.
John, who had been trying desperately not to laugh, looked over at his pseudonym, preparing to tell Violet all the ridiculous things that Sherlock had done to him. Of course, Sherlock seemed to anticipate such an action, and cut him off immediately.
“Yeah.” John said, walking up to her and shaking her hand. “John Watson. It’s nice to meet you ma’am.”
Turning away from Sherlock, I answer my phone with a curt greeting. I wasn’t expecting the response that I received.
“We must prepare for his visit.” Sheol said, his smile mirroring the younger man’s. “And I suggest you two take the time to find a gift.”
"I had so much fun, Johnny," Jim practically gushes. "I had planned on bringing Sebby in for the next victim, but I wasn't given that chance."
“Of course it’s me!” Sherlock replied, his deep voice making his flustered state unbelievably sexy. “Who did you think I was?!”
good. Unless you broke it off, which…um…good on you.” My face heats again, and I am mortified to see a smirk growing on Sherlock’s face.
