look. Dean shakes his head and climbs into the empty side of the bed, touching the bedside lamp to turn it off. He expects Cas to disappear now, or at least go to the other room and entertain himself all night. Instead, he hears clothes rustling together. The other side of the mattress shifts. A gentle touch lands on his left shoulder.
“Actually, it is. Apologies if that’s disappointing or repulsive to you.” Cas’s voice is thick with offense and vitriol and grief. He shakes his head. Two fingers pinching the bridge of his nose, he adds, “Go on your hunt, Dean. Perhaps killing something will make me more bearable to be around.”
occasionally, Cas has taste,” Dean allows. When he got back, they were judging Charlie’s profile. “This one’s better than the one you’ve got as your main photo!”
Some nights he dreams he’s back in the graveyard, only it’s midnight and he’s saying all the right things. Some nights he plays back the last night before Sam jumped, the last night they were all together, which blends into the last night before Jo died so he’s saying goodbye to his brother and nearly kissing his friend and hugging his mom and thinking on a lot of other last nights too, like a rubberband ball of disappointing farewells all rolled up in one godawful subconscious. One night, the first night, he dreamed it was the Fourth of July and he was lighting off fireworks with Sam in an open field, and he’d been hoping to get that dream back ever since.
Then he jolts completely upright in bed in a dark, stuffy motel room, breathing so hard that it’s making him dizzy. It takes a few rounds of deep breaths to realize that his cheeks are wet once again.
Covered top to bottom in bloody sigils. In the dead center of the room, a strapping man in ripped jeans and a peacoat is strapped to a chair. When the light flips on, he hisses and shows Dean all of his rows of teeth.
“Then I’m still in,” Cas says, and it’s hard as steel. “If only to be there when he inevitably turns on you.”
“Thanks.” Dean put the wood over in a pile and grabbed another plank. Cas helped cut it, same as before. When it was split, Dean paused for a water break. “Did you come down here just to check up on me?”
It takes awhile to get downstairs. He finds a shirt that doesn’t smell too musty from the backseat of the car and spends a long time rubbing soap into his cheeks in the bathroom. Some old fling once berated him, horrified, when they saw him do the same with motel soap and gave an entire seminar about how it would make him break out, but skincare was the one area where Dean had always had phenomenally good luck. Besides, he didn’t have time to shower last night and he probably smelled like graveyard dirt and blood, maybe ozone—Sam always said it lingered on him for two straight days whenever Cas healed his wounds, tendrils of his grace, his essence washing through Dean to stitch his body back together. After a big one like yesterday, he’d bet on an even three days at least before the ozone smell went away. Sam had really fucked him up—well, Satan had, wearing his brother’s face.
“Oh.” Cas crosses his arms as he thinks about this. “Still, it would have been...crowded, if I just showed up there.”
“So I’m supposed to come down and babysit you through your trauma? Little human?” Cas says, in that dark and serious voice he uses that Dean pretends doesn’t zap his spine straight. Cas steps forward, and Dean trips closer to the wall. “I’m not your therapist, Dean. I tried to help you. And you said no.”
Cas waited until they’d cut up the wood and Dean was grabbing another from the pile, a brief respite from the noise of the power saw.
“Smells like someone’s having fun,” he says, looking at Charlie. Cas snickers, and Dean’s warm eyes jump to him instead. “Oh, man.
, did you?” Dean says, forcing himself to be dismissive. Rolling his eyes, he steps around Cas to get at the thread, glancing over his shoulder to ask, “Have you been spying on me again?”
Cas enjoys sports. Although Dean strongly suspects that he chose his favorite wrestler based mostly on costume and gravitas, and he refuses to change his mind regardless of how determinedly Dean tries to sway him to the contrary, it’s funny to watch Cas comment on the match in that grave voice of his. Dean shouts and swings his arms when he cheers on his player, but Cas just brushes his lips against Dean’s temple and says, “I’m glad I chose The Mountain as my preferred wrestler.” Sometimes he shouts or groans when the guy Dean’s backing pulls off a spectacular move.
“They’re not the same,” Dean says in a low voice, glancing around the nearby tables. “As having you around. You know that.”
The siren’s compound is more like a cabin in the woods, but that’s just too fucking easy. It’s definitely got wards up the wazoo, and not just the anti-angel kind. Dean scans all the potential entryways and exits, memorizing them down pat. He never realized how much he relied on Cas to zap his ass out of harm’s way until the possibility was off the table: At least with a siren there’s no chance they’ll accidentally swap spit (again), so he’ll be safe from the most irritating aspects of monster fighting i.e. uneven supernatural powers. There
Dean’s tilting up his face, teeth catching on Cas’s lower lip, tongue slipping into his mouth and Cas’s teasing drifts away from him, his thoughts draining fast through a sieve.
“You don’t like angels either, but you took me in,” he says, turning to look up at him. “Give her a chance.”
“Look Cas, he stayed in the parking lot when I set him free in the dungeon, and he’s here now. If we just listen to him, then maybe he can lead us to the real killer!”
He squints at her. “Uh—OK.” Actually, he’ll be glad for the company. When he does go out nowadays, it’s mostly to take a few turns around the nearby streets and look at all the bloomed flowers. An old woman a little ways away is growing the most wonderful camellias.
Dean wipes away the blood on his neck and a little from his hairline, from the corner of his mouth where he can feel the edge is cracked from the cold. Sighing, he crushes the rag in his fist.
“Hm,” Dean considers, already behind the bar gathering drinks for them. “I think you might be right.”
With the war going on up there, he didn’t like not knowing if Cas was alive for such long stretches at a time, especially while the Heavenly battles could still go either way.
He drops Cas’s wrists, sighing. Bobby’s added a couple of ugly art pieces to his wall since the last time Dean was here, which Dean really wishes he was around to talk him out of. Well, this weekend is all about mending old fences and righting ancient mistakes.
They sizzle the overhead light to nothing and crack Dean’s phone screen right down the middle where it’s sitting a little too close on the bedside table. Afterwards, when he’s feeling boneless and satisfied and like Cas is the most important not-a-person in the entire world, Dean curls around him and kisses him for another twenty minutes just because he can.
Charlie can handle a lot more weed than Cas, so he doesn’t bother trying to keep up. He’s seen what happens when humans overdue alcohol and has no interest in finding out what the marijuana equivalent is of a blackout and brutal hangover.
“Both of you,” he admonishes. But he crosses the room and settles beside Dean’s arm of the couch, pushing fingers into his hair. “So we know how to kill the demigod. How do we find her?”
It’s going to take three days total to get home. They only drove for eight hours tonight and will probably split up the second leg of the journey, too, if Cas can convince Dean to pull off for any interesting tourist traps. He’s in a rush to get to Kansas, but there are a few attractions he’s been trying to see for awhile.
He can hear himself breathing; Dean studiously examines the floor. His expression won’t break, though: He looks like he wants to shove Cas up against the wall in a bad way, and now he probably could. He looks like he’s going to storm out and go solve a case guns-first. Probably could do that, too. Cas wishes he had his powers back. Cas wishes a lot of things, since going to Hell.
Cas breathes out, and breathes in Dean’s hard work and the worn leather and whiskey smell that clings to him like a second skin after so many years with both as all but bedmates. They sit that way silently together for a very long time: Dean is warm from hours of labor and smells like home where Cas is still buried in his neck.
“Come on,” Dean says, stepping closer. He holds out his hand. “With me, then, one song. I’ll lead. I won’t let you go.”
“Yes,” Cas says, staring straight ahead with that face like when Dean introduced him to a stripper for the first time. Cas casts him an upset look, then he drifts away toward the crackers and cheese.
He realizes how angry he sounds only because of how comparatively quiet Cas falls. Dean sneaks sideways glances and sees him folds his hands on his lap, and then he bows his head for a very long time. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d almost think that Cas was praying—but he hopes that Cas has better common sense than that, so maybe it just makes Dean sorry to see him disappoint himself in fruitless pursuits for an absent father. Been there, done that.
“There’s my man,” he calls across the crowded room, loud enough for Cas to hear him, not so loud that anyone turns around.
Cas’s favorite, most familiar voice in the whole world is in a goddamn bitch of a mood tonight. Well, it’s going around.
“—and we didn’t even get tossed around the room this time. Cas, your stitches didn’t get jacked up at all,” Dean points out. He shrugs. “We don’t get a lot of easy wins. I forgot how...
“I know. It’s extremely frustrating—I used to be able to hide it better.” He huffs. “I don’t know what’s happening to me.”
He clears his throat, feeling unnecessarily awkward again. You’d think a guy pulling you out of Hell would make you instantly impervious to discomfort around him, yet somehow, despite Alistair, despite
, somehow. “It’s not that. It’s…” He sighs. “I just, I could be anywhere right now. The motel, the diner food, playing games to pass the time. It’s almost like...old times.”
Finally, awkwardly, Cas says, “It’s not a men thing.” He’s staring straight ahead at the screen and pretty sure his cheeks are burning.
“She’s fine. Just a couple minor bumps and bruises,” Dean assures him. “The angels are human now. They don’t pack quite as much of a punch.”
The truck rumbles away down the otherwise dark and empty street. Cas gets up and goes inside to get a hot coffee to warm his hands with; there, the blowing heater makes him ache for the warmth of a bed, any bed. He’s so tired. Cas takes his coffee with a quiet thank you and sets off down the street toward the busier part of town until he comes across a laundromat.
He checks for sturdier bandages first, the good kind that won’t slip off in a fight. He doesn’t want cops showing up and scaring Ben, so he fights the urge to pocket a few boxes and resigns to using what little cash he has left on him, whistling dolefully when he scans the prices and calculates what a five-finger discount would save him. He thumbs through a few different size sewing needles. Humming Rock of Ages under his breath, Dean turns the corner to skim for rubbing alcohol too.
When he sleeps these days, he dreams about a lot of things, most of them not very good. He was just beginning to get over his nightmares about Hell when all of the—when all this went down anyway, and since that first night he averages more sleep than he used to but still not nearly enough.
kind of beginning—Cas smelled like Jimmy Novak’s cologne, but now he just smells like ozone and himself. Sometimes Dean catches whiffs of that same brand Jimmy wore when he passes guys on the street. One time during that first year after Dean crawled out of his grave, Sam got him a bottle of that as a gift. He laughed his ass off about how Dean spent so long staring at this one random cologne every time he saw it in a storefront window that he could ‘have fun with it’ now on his own time. They agreed to throw it out after Dean stunk up the Impala with ten spritzes before they got in, drove them forty miles before he consented to find a motel so they could wait out the worst of the stench. It took nearly two weeks before the whole car stopped smelling like that. Dean was only embarrassed about it when Cas dropped by.
“I ain’t your brother. And if you ever put so much as a toe out of line, I will hunt you down like the killer you are.”
“What do you think of her, Cas?” Charlie interrupts their stilted conversation, leaning over to shove her phone in his face. He startles and touches the back of her hand, trying to steady the screen enough to see.
They hit Walmart so Cas can fill up on underthings and bathroom necessities, and he picks up a few candles and journals for his room. Dean stops asking what the hell he’s doing sometime around the big poster of the lights of New Delhi that Cas throws in the cart. They’re supposed to be inconspicuous with their illegal funds, meaning they’re not supposed to spend too much at once, but Dean seems unwilling to blame him for a couple of impulse buys when he’s trying to build a life from the ground up.
He’s waving the gun as he staggers up, only to find the siren getting back on its feet at the same time. This time it’s not smiling anymore—it snarls. The siren runs at him with its arms outstretched, and it grabs him by either shoulder and runs Dean back into the wall. Dean knees it in the groin—usually a safe bet, regardless of species—then hooks his foot around the back of its knees to knock it off-balance, but it’s still got a tight hold on him. It slams Dean into the wall again, this time banging his head pretty hard against the window frame. While he’s reeling from that, vision blurring, the siren throws him sideways and he slides along the floor and crashes into the far wall.
A middle-aged woman with a shock of blue hair is standing in the doorway with her hands open by her sides, poised as though ready to strike. A thrill of terror runs down Dean’s spine, although he doesn’t consciously know why.
Dean rears back as though Cas slapped him. For a split second, looking at the hurt on his face, Cas regrets the words: but then Dean’s whole expression closes up in a snarl, and Cas doesn’t give a goddamn what he does as long as he leaves this room right now.
“It’s my failing, middle-aged memory racing against a demigod,” Cas reminds him. Dean reluctantly hands over his mug. Cas makes a face; it’s way too bitter.
mad when I was staying with Lisa and you stayed up there. Ever since he…died, I’ve been going a little crazy stuck down here...I didn’t have anyone.”
“Have you been sitting there all night?” Dean asks, pushing himself more seated. The blankets pool around his waist as he stretches out the cramped muscles in his shoulders, cracks away the kinks in his neck.
The drive to Cicero, Indiana has clear blue skies, an empty highway, good music and Dean’s favorite Zeppelin mixtape on the radio. His eye is throbbing dully from the memory of a healed bruise, but he’s still got blood on his collar—Castiel didn’t zap that away. Dean’s thinking about redoing the detail on his car, where he wants to start, he’s picturing running his hands over Baby’s exterior. He doesn’t think about why she’s got dents in the first place. He doesn’t think about the empty passenger seat to his right.
He’s serious, so Dean knocks their elbows together and agrees; and then he gets up to get them another round of his preferred fare with more ice. He pours Cas a double, although frankly he’ll never catch up to Dean. Last time he went on a bender it took a whole liquor store to keep him hammered—literally. Oh, how the mighty have settled.
“Hello, Dean,” the siren says without turning around. His voice sounds bored. “Oh, no. Are you here to kill me?”
“Why not?” he demands, sticking his face in Dean’s just to tilt his head like that. They watch each other for a minute, and then Dean swallows and looks away.
Charlie’s putting nachos in the oven when Cas returns to the living room and its connected kitchenette. She flips the TV to some show that, from what Cas can easily surmise, features a beautiful woman in tight clothing who fights demons in the South.
The movie’s still playing, low and flickering in the background. Dean falls asleep listening to gunshots and the distant sound of Kurt Russell kicking extraordinary amounts of ass.
“I’ve heard of him. He was in the opening credits.” Cas glances at the bedspread, then almost tentatively back at Dean’s face. “Perhaps you could show me the rest of his work sometime.”
“I don’t want you to. I’m very busy, Dean, and I have more important things to do than come flying down here every time you stub your toe.” Staring right at him, Cas spears another cut of steak on his fork, eats it. “But if I’m already here, then there’s no shame in asking me for my help.”
“I never said anything about giving it up completely,” Cas says. “But...Yes. Being around you has changed me these past few years, Dean. Knowing you...It’s allowed me to see the beauty in the world.”
She’s beautiful, even when she’s only half-finished. He moved into it last week after getting the kitchen, bedroom and bathroom all done—or constructed, anyway, he’s still sleeping boxed in by bare wood walls and a very flimsy temporary roof. At least there’s running water now. All the things he needs to call it a verifiable home, although it needs paint, more electrical work, gas, furniture and the entire living room. Whatever. This is his new baby. Man, he hopes the car doesn’t get jealous.
One year ago when Dean stood here on this spot, it was sunny. The warmth glinted off the windows of the car so Sam almost didn’t see himself in the reflection. For moments, when Dean squinted up with his eyes swollen, that brightness was all that he could see. But today it’s cold, windy and feels as though it’s going to rain. The sky is an off-blue layer of clouds.
What do you do with the weight of somebody else’s rebellion on your shoulders? In Dean’s case, he cracks Cas a beer and sneaks one of his disgusting veggie burgers onto the grill, even though Cas doesn’t need to eat and it frankly taints the entire tradition of barbecues to even put vegetables in Dean’s presence, but.
It’s in the last and very familiar twenty minutes of the movie when Dean’s eyes begin getting too heavy to hold up. He’s already nestled his way back to nearly prone, so he’s propped up on the pillow and back beneath the covers too. He sees Cas glance at him out of the corner of his eye, and then Cas raises his hand and strokes his fingers in one line through the air; at the same time, the lights in the room dim to nearly nothing. Dean sighs, turning his cheek into the pillow.
“I did leave.” Cas frowns at the brick backside of the building for a long moment, then amends, “I tried. But you...distracted me.”
He can still be helpful; he can still set things right by giving Dean what he needs on a silver platter, just like he always has. No, no, that sounds like a bribe set to make Dean care about him too, but he doesn’t need to try so hard. He already knows that Dean cares more about him than he can stand to admit. But it still feels good to give him what he wants, to have the answers when he asks for them. This is why it doesn’t undermine him when his brothers and sisters call him selfish: He knows he isn’t. Loving Dean is an exercise in thinking less about what he knows or thinks is right than he ever has in his long, long life.
“I don’t want to talk about that,” he snaps, barely turning his head. This is so not the place. “And I don’t need a fucking babysitter.”
"How'd you know?" He smiles at her as she finishes scanning his items, tapping half-heartedly at the cash register. $16.31 flashes on the register and he hands over a twenty. She takes it with a grin.
Bobby had slammed the motel door on Dean busying him with packing the duffels while he spoke to the angel. Bobby walked to the impala before he turned to the angel and frowned. "Is this going to work?" Castiel's face had stayed stoic, he showed neither confidence nor skepticism.
"You see you're getting in the way of my plan to rid heaven of its weaknesses and now because of you I've got over a dozen dead soldiers, I've had to make a deal with demons and I'm going to have to kill one of my best soldiers."
"You prayin' real hard or just waiting for him to appear?" Sam rolls his eyes. "Actually, I was waiting for you to do it."
"Where the hell are they?" Dean hisses as they pull up outside the address Bobby messaged them. You wouldn't have to be told twice to know something unnatural is happening in this house, the houses shadows have shadows and it's basically uninhabitable, the kind of houses you read about in horror stories.
"One of you?" Dean says as he lifts the creatures head up showing a very obvious bullet hole through its forehead. "Yeah, apparently it is." The other wolf's face is almost amusing as it's head hangs in the hunter's hand, its tongue hanging from out of its mouth as purple veins begin expanding beneath the skin. Jake snarls at the familiar scent that snakes its way into his nostrils. "Wolfsbane," Dean smirks. "Instant killer for you guys, especially if it's in the brain- but you probably already knew that." He finishes and picks up the body, balancing it against the wall and stretching his back. "It's not by the way," Jake says suddenly. Dean turns to him, cocking his gun and frowns.
The waitress leans against the marble countertop a nail file set in her hand as she sharpens her red fingernails. The diner remains sluggish and glum despite its steady string of customers and vintage classic design. The three stools are being occupied by two men dressed in trucker hats and basic run-of-the-mill outfits both doing the most to portray the trucker stereotype by eating burgers loaded with various meats and sauces. On the last stool a stern-looking woman in a black business suit is frowning disapprovingly at the two men as she picks at a plate of greasy fries.
"Ah, um, thanks, Cas." He mumbles avoiding all eye contact with the angel. Castiel gestures towards the door where Sam's waiting, watching them both suspiciously and Dean follows behind the angel as Castiel parts the crowd and they both join Sam at the doors.
Something sharp digs into his leg most likely a shard of wood broken from the smashed bedside table. At least they won't have to pay for damages. The wolf has crept closer, the air in the room almost calm as if they recognise their victory. Its hot breath suffocates him, taunting him.
He knows what he has to do. They won't find the warding any time soon, it will be hidden extremely well and from the looks of things, this place runs for miles. Dean breathes in and out trying to relax and ignore the remains of Castiel's grace that's sitting on the surface of his skin. He can do this, he's used his powers accidentally all he's got to do is focus and do the same thing, right? He can feel Castiel watching him. He closes his eyes.
“With me?” Dean ducks his head, as though he’s readying for a fight. “What’s that supposed to mean? With me?”
If Castiel was testing Bela, he was doing a very good job of it. The look he shot her was poisonous.
He doesn’t stop to think properly about his actions before he pulls himself out of the window and drops.
She twisted to look at him, glancing at Cas with a look that seemed to intimate for Dean to be seeing it.
Marianne has a chair, but she’s normally too tired to have got herself all the way down from her ward to this one.
Her hair’s falling over her face as she turns the pages of a volume she’s rested on a throw cushion on her knees. It glints old gold in the light from the window.
Dean stares at his brother, caught too far into this to just back out, not sure if he has the energy to go on. Looking after Cas has been wearing on Dean, making sure someone’s with or near the guy as much as possible, keeping an eye on every word and movement to see if Cas is getting worse. Better hasn’t seemed to be an option.
Not like Dean’s a stranger to being thought of as a threat, or, Hell, even a monster. He is one. Or was. He isn’t sure which tense to go for. But he has never, not once, not even as a demon, treated the people he’s with the wrong way.
Now, no-one is speaking because they’re all looking from the woman to Cas, who simply stares at her. Dean is sure it isn’t for the same reason he might stare if he saw this woman out and about in a bar, looking like she was open to a bit of light flirting. She’s young, her hair and eyes both dark as well, and Dean’s not sure he’s seen many people quite so confident in their own bodies.
“I could do with a break,” he says, because saying nothing will also make them worry. There’s a lot to keep in mind when trying not to concern his friends. “If you don’t need me for anything else.”
“And you’ll what?” Val asks. “Brainwash him into going with you so you can abuse him some more? What creepy-ass three-way have you got going on, anyway?”
“Which means squat,” Dean says, barely letting Cas’ words finish before he’s speaking. “You don’t know why you aren’t healing. You don’t know how to fix yourself. So tell me, how can you say the feathers aren’t yours?”
“He’s worried a Rit Zien might turn up,” Sam says, just as Dean’s about to take another bite. “Said the last one came after him.”
With his bonds loosened, Castiel’s vision swam. It was as though his eyes couldn’t quite focus, not for more than a moment or two, so that he saw smoke billow up in Dean, then it was gone, then he caught a flash of Dean’s colors, amber and green twining around each other, then nothing again but the shell of what Dean was.
Castiel nods, and remembers Dean may not be able to see him. It’s with his angelic eyes he’s looking at Dean now.
“This can change you into a demon,” Bela said, waving a hand over the stone lamp she’d brought from the crate.
She stops, heaves a sigh that tells Dean she’s shutting down that thought before it can start, and it’s like watching something rise from the depths of a lake, breaking the surface only for a moment before sinking back into seeming nothing. It’s a nudge at the walls he keeps up, the ones that keep out the knowledge of how many people suffer. Cas told him once that all he saw was pain, and Dean argued it was better than pulling the kill switch on humanity. He can’t afford to see too much pain bob to the surface of others, or he might find himself rethinking. He doesn’t push her on whatever happened to her brother. He doesn’t ask how she’s ended up on the streets.
“This is far from the biggest ‘lot’ I’ve had on,” Castiel tells her, “and you’re my friend. I want to help, if I can. And…and it’s helped me, to have you to talk to. To…confess to.” He knows she won’t like the connotations of that, but it carries a meaning to him he can’t quite escape. “If I can, I want to return the favor.”
Sam defends the dressing, insisting Eileen loves it and arguing it tastes a lot better than half of what Dean eats.
Dean watches Sam vanish into the hallway, hoping his brother has the sense not to pick out anything with angels in it. Sliding from the bed is harder than it should be, and Dean shuts the door when he leaves the room.
He sees Sam’s head turn, knows his brother has heard him, but Dean’s too wound up to care. He grips the wheel and sends the Impala careening round the next corner. The sooner they get to Beth’s, the sooner they can get on with looking for Cas. Dean doesn’t argue they should skip the first part. He’s already made that point, and Sam’s told him it’s better to have more people searching, that there might be some link between Val and Cas vanishing. It sounds like crap to Dean, but Sam won’t be moved.
And Dean grinned, posing with his arms out as though he expected anyone to laugh at that. Of course, within seconds the four demons behind him did laugh, and Bela forced herself not to murder them on the spot. She could see the way Dean’s eyes slid to her, checking her reaction. She met his gaze, raising an eyebrow.
He also doesn’t know what to say. Why would he know? The only time in his life he’s had to choose his clothes he didn’t have the money to experiment with style. Nora pointed him to a shop selling second-hand items and he wore whatever was close to his size and appropriate.
An uncomfortable writhing of burnt-yellow in his core tells him there’s still a long way to go with that mission, but Beth has spoken with him often about taking things a step at a time. The straight line has more seemed best to Castiel, and those times he’s tried his hand at subterfuge haven’t gone well, but Beth is wise in these things and means only to help Castiel, so he’ll do his best to listen.
He made it three feet before jerking to a stop, his arms flying out, his head snapping back, and dropping.
There’s some unspoken question there, or offer. Castiel isn’t sure. He does see the way Dean softens at Val’s words.
Now, Dean interrupts, grunting and gesturing in a way that makes Sam shut up. Dean’s clearly working through yet more stuff. Sam’s a good brother. He can let the guy think.
Images of times he’d done or said anything that might push Cas away, or put the angel’s objectives behind their own, trickled into his mind. It wasn’t a case of not trusting Cas. Hadn’t been for years, and even then Sam had seen that Cas’ heart was in the right place. It wasn’t even thinking Cas’ goals were insignificant. It was just… It was just their mission always seemed so urgent, and the tasks Cas set himself so often seemed distant. Other. But it wasn’t a lack of trust.
She catches herself with a hand against the far wall, gasping, and turns her head to find Sam only inches away. The look on his face is intense.
He doesn’t bother to turn on the light when he heaves himself up from the bed. Sam needs his sleep. It only takes a moment to slip his jacket on and ease his way out of the room, leaving the door on the latch. Dean just needs some air, needs to clear his head and take stock.
“Not yet. Not quite.” Her tone turned brisk as she looked at Bela. “Help me get his free of this. It’s limited his Grace.”
Castiel feels the blind spots all around him, feels every place where he should be able to see and can’t. He’s tired of trying to see properly with only his human eyes. He didn’t feel this when he was mortal, when he was as close to human as he could get without tearing out his own Grace and being born anew. Even then, no angel is ever really fully human.  But Castiel isn’t sure he’s an angel anymore, either. Not really.
Cas is on the floor, on his back, and Dean’s kneeling over him, hands on Cas’ shoulders, keeping him pinned. Cas’ whole body is taut, his back arched off the ground, and any fragile hope the screams were from someone else dies.
Cas’ fist tightens, but he doesn’t answer. Dean could be wrong, but he thinks he sees tears in Cas’ eyes, being held back. Val looks about ready to fly at Dean, and Beth’s biting her lip, watching Cas with every sign she wants to grab hold of him and keep him safe.
“It’s an adaptation of the spells used to bind Lucifer, before he was cast into the Cage. It limits an angel, keeps it controllable. This version was meant to keep Castiel down until they could get what they needed from him. I have to hand it to them. They’ve got more ingenuity than I thought they did.”
“But they’re adjuncts of Hell or Heaven. Pocket realms. Or, sometimes, connected to the fairy-realm. We can travel to them, if we wish. We couldn’t leave the place where Bela found me. And I tried. I knew the situation in Heaven, and I tried to leave, to get back and help. I couldn’t.”
Sam doesn’t tell her what they did barely counts as hunting. The thing got away, after all. Instead, he turns in the seat and smiles, because Val’s an ally now and they still don’t have anywhere near enough of those. He wants her to like him, to open up and talk to him like she has to Dean. It’ll make the rest of the hunt easier, and if Cas does decide to stay here it’ll mean it’s more pleasant when they visit.
His vision whites out in moments, the ebb and tide of him worked to a violence that makes him worry if he’s cast the right spell. Perhaps this is one designed to kill, not to heal.
“I have got to have a serious talk with you about this shit,” Dean says into the near silence. “We wouldn’t win one of those game shows, that’s for sure. You know the ones. You must have watched them during your telethon. Gotta say what your partner’s favourite cheese is and if they want a vacation in Narnia.”
Beth stands with her arms crossed, leaning back against the wall by the vending machine, and shrugs. A strand of hair falls over her face, pale and insubstantial under the hospital lights.
Is he done with those? He imagines putting them on again. Unbidden, his wings pull in, shielding him.
He listens as well as he can, though he knows some of what she says fractures and floats away. And then he sees Dean.
“Yeah, he’s stoned,” Dean says, and at least has the grace to double-take and look apologetic when Val shoots him a look. “I mean, you know, it’s for the pain.”
“She’s going to tell me where to find Cas,” Dean says, and peers up at Val again. “Come on. Hey. Wake up properly.”
“You’ll not kill my sister’s offspring,” she says. It sounds more like an order, a dictate, than anything else. “Just getting into the underworld would take breaking through a barrier the living aren’t meant to cross.”
Val smiles at Dean as he returns to his own seat, and Castiel is almost sure there’s something approving in it. Dean smiles back, a quick quirk of the lips that most people might have missed. Castiel is not most people. More to the point, Dean isn’t trying to hide it from him, perhaps at least partly because Castiel is looking at him with one of his celestial eyes, and it seems Dean is taking some time to adapt to the knowledge they exist.
The restaurant is busy, especially for mid-afternoon, and it’s more up-market than Dean’s happy with. He pulled on a suit, not sure if that was the right thing to go for, but Sam advised him to leave the jacket behind. From first glance, it looks like he’s hit it about right, and he knows his looks let him skate by a load of errors.
The others are quiet as he struggles for a word. Pinning down emotions is difficult, not least because it seems two people might use the same name for not entirely similar experiences. There was something almost familiar about what he sensed, though.
Hannah looked up from the book she was reading, her gaze shifting a little away from Dean, to the side and behind. To Cas.
He looked at her in time to see the look on her face, an expression of blank hurt before she smoothed it over. A muscle in her jaw clenched.
A shape on the page catches his eyes, halting him, and he sits forward, trying to focus on which symbol out of many struck him as familiar. There. Up in the top right of the page. He reaches out and traces the mark with his finger. Sam might love to make a thing out of Dean not reading, but Dean’s always looked out information on his passions. He’s looked up Castiel.
“Hitting an angel maybe isn’t like hitting a human,” Riva says, and feels a sick lurch at how that comes out. She’s never been one to excuse abuse, but they really don’t know anything about angels or how they see things. “And besides, Dean can be really, really wrong in how he’s treated Cas, but Cas can still be an angel. It’s not like they cancel each other out just like that. I’m not saying that.”
Sam watched Bela, but the demon didn’t seem to be doing anything other than staring at the sigils on the chamber walls. She had her arms crossed and her head tipped back, her hair falling neatly and elegantly in a way that made her seem like she’d risen from the rack fully composed, without any of the struggle Dean had with the demonic influences in his life. She wasn’t plotting an ambush for Dean, as far as Sam could tell, or plotting a way to trap them for when Dean came back. He didn’t really know what she was doing.
He’s a good looking lad, or will be once he grows up a bit, but right now he looks drawn and pale, and far from alert. He looks stoned, or concussed.
If they’re looking for him. It’s so hard to tell when Dean will look and when Castiel will spill from his mind like so much dirty water.
Castiel wants to curl them around himself, to shield himself with them the way he used to do in battle. But he can’t. He can’t because he still isn’t sure they’re really there and in any case he thinks that if he does hide in them he won’t ever unfurl them again.
“Dean’s done things Sam wouldn’t approve of,” Castiel says. He doesn’t like the thought of lying to Beth, even though he isn’t entirely comfortable with talking about Dean like this, either. “But Sam’s done things Dean hasn’t approved of. So have I. It’s all very complicated.”
It’s a heat haze, a distortion of the scene. There’s bulk to it and cold and a sense of endless nothing, pulling at him. It rises most of the way to the ceiling of the more than double-height room, and Dean can’t grasp the edges of it.
No-one asks him anything else as he thinks, but Beth does bring him a sandwich and pat his arm. The tension in the room is thick enough to make eating uninteresting, but Sam takes a bite anyway. Got to be practical.
“Well, look, I haven’t really worked out much from those books yet, but I’ll keep trying. Okay? We’ll do everything we can to help you heal, Cas. I promise.”
She feels movement shudder through Dean, as he seems to catch himself. Perhaps he was tempted again to jump forward and drag Cas back to him. If so, Beth understands the impulse. It’s one thing to be told Cas is a warrior, that he’s a being more powerful than any human, and she thinks she’s started to get a sense of what he is, but it’s still tough, overlaying the images she has of him from all these months with the one in front of her now.
Agent Bowie smiles at Beth as he steps into the room, that charm turning up as he sees someone new to entrance. God, Val isn’t even sure why she wants to shake him so much.
She bites her lip and stares at him for long enough he should probably feel odd. Instead, he has to push away an image of Dean.
Dean froze for a second, then smiled, his lip curling up at one side in a way that had nothing to do with humor, nodding as though Sam had just brought up some interesting detail in a casual conversation.
“No.” He sounds upset. Cas isn’t meant to sound anything but calm. Certain. Sometimes pissed off. “I was out for a walk and then…then I wasn’t. I…” He cuts himself off, his gaze skating over Val and back to Sam. “I lost something.”
By the time he had Cas and Hannah settled at the table, Bela had joined them. She sat next to Hannah, taking the angel’s hand and lacing their fingers together.
“Anything cataclysmic will only happen to me,” Cas says, as though that’s reassuring. “There’ll be no need to clear the house, or the block.”
She stops again, this time because her voice cracks and her cheeks turn heavy with tears. One of Val’s fingers twitches, but she doesn’t move, doesn’t look at Beth, and Beth manages to take a steadying breath and keep going.
Crouched here, between two fallen pillars, she tries to keep her breathing quiet, but it’s hard, so hard, when she wants to whimper. She wants to curl up and cry, wants to scream and run. She wants to be elsewhere.
There’s no sound from Cas, now. Val follows Sam back to the dining room, but slowly. She wants to be there for Cas, but she’s shaking and her legs feel weak. Just before she moves into the dining room, she finds herself hesitating, not quite wanting to know for sure what’s happened. Riva’s the one who’s used to dealing with people in that level of pain, the one who comes round sometimes and it’s clear she’s lost a patient. Val teaches Math. She isn’t supposed to have to deal with this.
“You’re a math professor, Val,” Beth says. “Don’t you think the disparaging comments about elbow patches count as shooting at yourself?”
“You okay back there?” he asks, and sees Cas hardly seem to register the question before he’s saying he’s fine. Dean feels a sudden burst of frustration. “Look, Cas, you get you don’t have to be fine, right?”
“This is for your own good,” he said, and for all the world sounded like he meant it. “You’ll lead us, and you’ll know we did this for you.”
Dean’s eyes part close again as Castiel strokes his finger back across Dean’s forehead and trails down to his cheek, where he stops.
Before Castiel can answer, Sam ducks down, kneeling by Castiel’s chair with one hand hovering just over Castiel’s forearm.
“No.” He turns his mind from the bunker, from the room with its bed and its TV and the piles of clothes bought just for him. With the cash and the jacket and the shoes he left behind when he jumped. “I won’t cause you trouble.”
“No! No, I didn’t mean… Fuck. Look, I’m looking for a friend. You might have seen him. I, er, I have money to pay for information.”
“I understand if you’re unhappy with me being here,” he says. “You didn’t ask for this. I should… I should have told you.”
He heard Cas take a sharp breath as Dean sank to his knees. Interesting. The guy clearly had some understanding, and some expectations. Dean would have to remember that.
Ashley ends up tucked up on the settee with a mug of hot chocolate and everyone else decamps to the dining room, where they can see him but create an illusion of greater distance. Dean finishes up a call, patting Ashley on the shoulder on the way back through the living room from the hallway where he’d gone.
Riva gets up and pours the coffee Dean has forgotten about, and she adds two extra mugs. Dean hears the noises of feet on floorboards, and on stairs, a moment later. By the time Val and Beth arrive, looking rumpled and pleased with themselves, Riva has coffee held out to them.
“My immune system…” he starts, but he can’t even summon enough conviction to pretend he’s fooling her.
“But you were low on juice before, when you were cut off from Heaven. You didn’t have this issue then. The pain, I mean, and the phasing out.”
The river of humanity threatens to drown him, as though it hasn’t done so more than once already. Pressing back against the wall, he tries to think, but everything is fractured, the colors discordant and refusing to line up. He just has to find his supplier. There must be some clue, in all this sea of people, as to where he might find the boy.
“I came here a few times with friends. The staff are very attentive. It’s like they’re always watching.”
He lands on his back, winded, with his spine protesting, and rolls back to his feet as quickly as he can. Cas is still upright, his tendril limbs shifting the way there were back in the park. Whatever that thing is, he’s lost it again. Sam’s pushing himself upright on the other side of Cas. Beth and Riva are helping Val to her feet, and as Dean watches she nods, pats at Beth’s hands and turns her attention to Cas.
He wants to be upstairs watching over his friend, not down here watching yet another civilian go through an induction into the Truth About Cas, but Sam listened as Riva explained the drug’s normal effects on the guy and turned those eyes on Dean that said not to push it. And maybe Sam’s right. Maybe they need to walk a bit more softly than Dean’s instincts tell him to.
Something like pity crosses Beth’s face and he hates it, but it’s followed by understanding, which he finds he craves. He thinks she must be soft azure like this, and he wishes he could see it.
“He’s always been good at seeing things done,” Nora says, thinking back to how well he helped her run the Gas N Sip. Anyone would be lucky to have Steve working with them. “And thanks. I know you just got back.”
He manages to unfold himself enough to let her look, her hands as soft and warm as the rest of her, and he floats a little less.
Her smile grows, still watery but warmer, and she preses her open palms to his chest. It feels strangely like a benediction.
“I woke up thinking of that creature,” Cas says, and looks confused as Riva and Sam both pull faces and stare at Dean. “What?”
Despite how soft Sam’s made sure to keep his voice, Cas flinches. He turns his head until only his profile is visible.
He hasn’t made it to the end of that thought before he hears someone else on the stairs, and that has to be Cas. He sees Val start for the archway and, at Sam’s look, hangs back.
But Beth isn’t looking at him. She’s still looking at Cas, an expression Sam can’t read on her face.
“No. No job. No anyone. Just…me.” He can see she’s upset by his words. “It’s okay, Beth. I’ve been on my own before. At least I have a room to sleep in this time.”
Val lets that one go. It’s an argument they’ve had before, and they’ve both taken a turn on each side of it.
She’s cut off by Steve’s phone buzzing, and he pulls it out to check the screen, his face creasing into a frown as he does so.
“Who?” Sam asks. “Riva? I think we’re pretty safe there. She’s taken in it stride. And Beth and Val are still up with Cas, and I don’t hear any screaming. If this friend of theirs is anything like them, I can’t see it being a problem. And I can’t get anything useful out of all this. You?”
“Yeah, healthy.” Dean pushes away from the door-frame and crosses to stand at the foot of the bed. “You know, well-balanced, fit, in good spirits, not making me think you might leap off a bridge at any moment. Healthy.”
When she look round from lifting Tanya out of her bed, Hannah is standing in the doorway. The look on her face might be curiosity.
“You already did.” Cas takes a breath loud enough for Dean to hear. “Dean, I don’t mean to upset you. But I’m… I’m just starting to see that I need more help than you or Sam can give me. You have to focus on fighting, um, on hunting down…criminals. Not on me.”
Being formal to put Dean in his place. Huh. But Sam sees the name jolt Dean and knows it’s time to come clean. Cleaner, anyway.
There’s something hopeful about the way she says it, and Beth’s never seen Gertrude look quite so much like a kid who’s hoping teacher will hand out a gold star. Gertrude sags slightly when Cas just sits there.
For perhaps the first time it occurs to him that describes his own deal with Crowley, to an extent. Archangel instead of Knight of Hell, but if he’s forgiving Dean for taking the Mark, doesn’t that mean he has to at least think about forgiving himself for taking the souls? He didn’t know what that would do to him, either.
Clicking back, Sam retraces some of the paths Dean took to reach each page, finding too much evidence that Dean’s been researching the kind of relationship Val and Riva and Beth think Dean had with Cas. But Dean knows he wasn’t with Cas. Hell, when Sam spoke to Dean about it, after Dean got back from meeting Beth, he wasn’t even sure his brother was taking on board that he can get a bit…rough with the way he speaks.
But the conclusion he reaches, that Dean was using his own life as a kind of mirror for Castiel’s, is preposterous. Dean deserves better. Of course he does. And so does Sam. They always have done, even before they saved the world so many times. Castiel? He’s an angel who’s broken Heaven far more than Lucifer ever managed to do, and even though most of what he’s done has been to help others, still there isn’t enough penance in the world for the slaughter of so many of his own kind. That’s before he considers what he’s done to Dean, more than once, beating him, leaving him.
“How was the hunt? Was there a ghost?” he asks, his own questions rumbling up through his frame. He can feel his words vibrating in the shell of his ear.
“I get emotional sometimes,” she says. “I don’t always know why. Hell, I once spent half an hour crying because the TV wouldn’t turn on when I pressed the button. And another time I laughed at a sheep for ten minutes when I was out on a walk. It was just a sheep. Standing there, doing nothing. And it was the funniest fucking thing I’d seen in weeks. So, don’t think there’s always a logical reason, not in the sense that everyone would see it as a good reason for whatever I’m feeling.”
“You’ve never shown this much interest in Sam’s wellbeing before now,” Crowley elaborates. “I was under the impression it was a source of tension between you and our...mutual friend. Am I wrong?”
“I don’t have a problem spending my days here with you,” Cas tells him. “Or with my vulnerability. Or mortality and your perceived ‘weaknesses.’”
Dean scowls while he decides how to feel and react to this. He’s still thinking it over when his stomach growls, loudly; he thinks he catches Cas cracking a smile when he glances up, just a flash before it disappears.
“Why only him?” Crowley demands, and Dean shoots him a look. He extends his arm and guides Cas through the door.
After they eat, they stay and watch the game on TV and have more beer. They’re not expected in Cicero until it’s time for an early dinner, so Dean orders mid-afternoon nachos when happy hour rolls over them and even convinces Cas to get into them too. Human or something even better, you can’t go wrong with ground beef and melted cheese. Cas apparently has a massive liking for jalapenos.
“Trust me, my mother was brilliant. A horrible and heartless shrew, but she was a smart shrew,” Crowley assures him. “I learned a thing or two about ancient spells and the like. Since when do you care?”
Cas freezes, sure this can’t mean what he thinks it does; but then Dean is smiling like a bright sun, and Cas’s stomach drops straight into the basement. Seemingly pleased with his effect, though his nerves before make Cas suspect this was unintentional, Dean beams and disappears down the hall.
In the end, he just showers and ends up picking up a couple of steaks from the grocery store to throw on the grill. Lisa seems happy when she sees what he’s doing, patting his shoulder and laughing. She has to clean up from her after-work pit stop at the gym, and Ben’s still not home from practice when the steaks are nearly done, so Dean leaves them with just enough red in the middle to warrant a five-minute nuke right before serving and he heads upstairs to take a nap. He woke up early and disgruntled from his argument with Cas, and working all day has left him tired, so he slips into bed to catch a few minutes while they wait for Ben and Lisa makes the salad.
“No! No,” says Dean, because when Cas knocks him out, it—it works, but he has weird dreams and never feels refreshed when he wakes up.
They’re digging into their first bites of cornbread when a knock sounds at the front door. Dean and Lisa look at each other.
“We made that,” says Cas, and everybody in the doorway looks at him. Dean tries subtly to put his elbow through Cas’s ribs.
“This...tonight...It was good, right?” He glances at Cas in the shotgun side, whose eyebrows are pulling together again. “I mean, we make a good team. We solved this demon cannibal case no problem—”
“I’d be more embarrassed I made that reference,” Dean says thoughtfully, “if there was anyone here to make fun of me for it.”
Today, all Dean wanted was to celebrate the partial house with whiskey and TV with Cas, maybe order a couple of pizzas and enjoy the classics. All he wants is to distract himself from where he was six months ago, on this day, at this time, because if he tries to remember then he’ll obsess over it. He’ll wonder if at this minute, six months ago, the world was almost ending; or if at this minute it already had. He’ll turn it over in his hands until his palms are bloody as the day it happened, the day Sam died. His little brother. The brother
“Dean,” Cas says around when they’re passing the state line back into Indiana. It’s late, edging from Sunday night over into Monday morning. “May I suggest something? I’m not sure if it’s a good idea.”
Getting ready for bed is such a chore when you’re tired, so Dean speedruns it so he can climb in and immediately curl up under the covers. Across the room, he hears Cas murmur goodnight, but when Dean looks he’s already alone.
He looks up before he pulls away, and he’s just an inch away. But Dean makes the mistake, not him: He leans in and kisses Cas, awkward and off-center, half kissing his cheek like he didn’t mean to do it but couldn’t help it, and like he thought he might pass this off as remotely platonic and then realized the futility at the very last second. Cas finds that it’s very easy to laugh when he’s this close, but then he messes up too by catching Dean’s eye, and he can’t help kissing him again. It’s not his fault that Dean’s presence grounds him. Always has, even before he recognized the pull for what it was. Being near him just felt
He steps closer in one fluid motion, and it’s enough to box Dean in against the side of the house. Dean glances at his face and then away, scowling. Cas tips his head in just such a way to press even further into Dean’s headspace.
“I saw it, Cas! I saw—” But Dean cuts himself off and turns away, cussing. He runs his hand over his mouth. Cas waits patiently, no stranger to Dean’s mercurial mood swings; when he finally looks back, his eyes are closed. Another telltale sign that he’s blowing everything out of proportion. “Back when Zachariah was trying to get me to say yes to Michael.”
Then he tries a search for “trapped in a closet” which was another weird thing that happened to Dean and Cas. After filtering out results from the song, he scrolls through the first page of google results, then moves to the second page. There, he finds one link, “Trapped In A Closet - Works | Archive of Our Own” that catches his eye. He clicks and scrolls a bit, realizing this was a site for fanfiction. He shudders slightly, remembering all of the fanfiction people have written about him and his brother. And also about Dean and Cas, apparently, at least according to those girls who put on the Supernatural musical.
Matilda concentrates on the blank screen of the TV, which she can see through the door to the living room.
The three of them split up to search the cabin. There are no other doors to the outside, except for the front door, and all of the windows are sealed. The cabin is small, but well stocked. There’s a small kitchen with a stove and a refrigerator. There’s a living room with a couch, chair, coffee table, and small TV set. In the hallway on the other side of the living room is a small bathroom and two bedrooms. One bedroom has a queen-sized bed while the other is smaller, with a twin sized bed.
She sighed, looking back at the little cursor blinking away on her blank screen. A good place to start is the beginning, she figured. Or better yet, the title…
“Yeah, it’s pretty crazy, right? I mean, us, a couple?” Dean says, laughing at how definitely absurd that would be, and not letting himself think about how he maybe kinda sorta actually really wants that.
Dean then turns and holds out his hand through the doorway of the double room, encountering no force field this time. Cas holds out his hand towards Sam’s room and finds his hand blocked, then reaches towards the double room to see his hand pass through.
Suddenly, Dean falls backward, tumbling out of the closet and landing flat on his ass as the door opens outwards from behind him. Dean lays on the ground staring up at his brother who still has his hand on the doorknob to the closet. Cas, seeing his opportunity launches himself out of the closet past Sam, not wanting to be stuck in the closet anymore.
Dean blushes and looks away from Cas, scrambling to get up. He can’t think of anything to say to explain why he was on the floor, so he just walks out of the bedroom and into the kitchen.
Cas is now crumpled on the floor at Dean’s feet. Cas looks up at Dean with a glare before struggling to his feet in the confined space.
“Now, what do we do?” Dean asks, as he sinks to the floor, his back against the wall. Cas mirrors him, sinking down to sit opposite him.
A/N: Hi guys, time for chapter 2! I got a few questions in the comments from some of you about the details in the fic, like Rowena, fairies, and Cas being human. I know none of that is canon, and I honestly have no idea where that came from. I guess I just made it up? While I’ve been writing this, I just let the characters talk, if that makes sense? Like I can almost hear them in my head while I’m writing, and I just write down what they say. It’s just my writing style, hopefully it’s not too confusing. Anyway, onto chapter 2!
“I’m serious, Dean! Think about it, making you two share a room, spin the bottle, now love songs start playing? What else could it be?”
Dean laughed, “You’re missing the point, man, the show’s not about medical procedures, it’s about the drama.”
She looks back at her screen, trying to stop herself from hyperventilating. She wants to find out if these characters are actually real somehow. She contemplates for a second before deciding, moving her fingers to her keyboard, and typing.
Sam, Dean, and Cas jump as a girl appears in the kitchen, standing on the other side of the table. She looks at them in surprise.
“I’m not sure. I just thought about it being on, and then it was. I never knew I could do this before.”
Suddenly, an empty bottle appears on the table in front of them. They stare at it, not sure if it’s a clue or potentially dangerous.
Sam sinks down into the chair, running his hand through his hair. He thinks to himself about why all of this was happening. Clearly, whoever trapped them here wanted Dean and Cas to get together. Honestly, Sam feels like this person has a point. Dean and Cas have definitely had, well,
Dean stares awkwardly at Cas for a moment, unsure what to do about the only-one-bed situation, before he remembers, “Wait, you’re an angel, you don’t need to sleep. Hehe, that means I get the queen-sized bed to myself. Suck it, Sam!”
Dean checks the dressers and finds that they are full of clothes that look like stuff he would wear. He finds a set of plaid pajamas and changes into them. Cas also finds a set of pajamas in the other dresser.
“Uh…” Sam pauses awkwardly, not sure what to make of that exchange, before continuing on, “So get this, even though we have no cell service at all, this cabin has wifi! Weird, right? So anyway, I started doing some research to figure out what could be keeping us here.”
Dean’s now sitting on the couch, refusing to meet Cas’s eyes while Cas sits in the chair. Sam sighs and heads to the kitchen to continue his research on how to get them out of here. Why is he the only one who ever does the research?
She stares at Sam, taking in what he was saying. It all makes sense and deep down, she knows it to be true, but she still feels like this is too crazy, that this can’t be real.
Sam, now curious to test out a theory, tentatively moves forward and is easily able to walk into the doorway Dean wasn’t able to walk though. “Huh, I guess these sleeping arrangements are mandatory.”
? That doesn’t make any sense. Also, why would he smell like wildflowers and honey? Maybe it’s his shampoo or something? As Dean continues pondering the nature of Cas’s scent, his brain catches up with his train of thought and his eyes fly open.
Dean leans over the table to read the label, to see what the hell has Sam laughing so hard. Dean scowls as he reads that the labels says “Spin the bottle” in fancy cursive script.
Matilda realizes as she’s typing that she’s not really coming up with any of this. Her fingers are moving across the keyboard, but she’s not choosing any of the dialogue or what the characters do. Thinking back to what she’s written so far, she realizes that she’s been coming up with ideas, situations, to put the characters in, but then she lets herself imagine what happens next and just types out what she “sees.” She just thought it was her writing method, but now she’s not so sure. The characters are behaving so differently from how she would expect them to, plus they seem to know things she doesn’t. She’s not sure what to do, but meanwhile, without really needing to think about it, she’s still typing.
But even while mentally correcting herself, she isn’t so sure. What Sam said made sense, too much sense, and yet, was completely wild. How could she be controlling what happens to characters without being able to control the characters themselves? Why do her characters seem to have a mind of their own? They’re just fictional, they can’t have a mind of their own. She thinks of that one crazy Supernatural fan, BeckyWinchester176, who was always posting about how the books were actually real. But she’s just crazy, there’s no way the books are actually real, right? And even if they were, how could she, sitting in her room, just writing a fanfic, have anything to do with the fictional (maybe not so fictional?) characters in real life? Now her head hurts.
“I don’t!” Matilda says. “I- I didn’t even mean for any of this to happen. I was just writing a fanfiction, I didn’t think it was… actually happening.”
On the door to the single bedroom is shiny gold writing that says “Sam Winchester” and on the door to the double room, it says “Dean Winchester and Castiel” in the same gold writing.
“Apparently, whoever trapped us here has a sense of humor,” Cas says as he straightens up, now standing chest to chest with Dean. The newly confining space only leaves enough room for about an inch between them, even with Dean pressing his back into the door.
A/N: Wow, that chapter did not go how I expected it to! Honestly, when I start writing, the characters just have a mind of their own. Guess I just gotta let the plot bunny go where it takes me!
“Yeah, because fairies are well-known for their canned beans,” Dean replies sarcastically. “Besides, I don’t think this is the fairy realm. I’ve been there, remember? Maybe you don’t remember, you were too busy banging that hippie chick to notice.” Dean laughs as Sam gave him another Bitch Face.
“But don’t djinn usually, you know, grant wishes or whatever? The dream they put you in is supposed to be something you want,” Dean says.
After an hour of sitting on the floor, Dean bangs his head back against the wall. He sets down the set of cards in his hand; he had found a deck of cards and he and Cas had been playing Go Fish. Dean groans then stands up to stretch out his back.
Castiel nods, stepping back and towards Inanna, who is closer to the creature now. She moved without Castiel noticing, which isn’t something he’d ever think would happen. A god presses down on the world, a weight distorting everything around it, but Castiel long ago gave in to the fact Dean does the same to him.
“Of course, Dean,” Cas says, as though that’s never happened. “And you call me. None of this, um, macho lack of communication crap.”
Cas has been suicidal, and Dean never told him. Cas has been in enough pain that a Rit Zien, a class of angel Sam researched with grim pragmatism after Dean told him what that hunt had been, targeted the guy. Dean never said it was Cas that particular angel was after, but it makes a horrible kind of sense. And Cas has felt bad enough over the last months that he’s taken to drugging himself to stop exactly that kind of angel from finding him again.
“Did you go looking in case it would help with Cas?” he asks, because making it about helping someone else might, just might, mean Dean will stand to talk about it. Sam has to use whatever tactics he has, here. “Are you thinking of how to help him?”
Turns out, they have to pry her away from the table to get her to eat the food Val’s made, and she’s right back to it after, but a few hours before Cas wakes up, she announces she might have something.
“They take away pain, right?” Riva asks. “Kind of like medical angels, but with euthanasia being a bit quick to reach the top of the options list?”
“I didn’t know you were coming,” Bela said, turning to Hannah with an almost apologetic look on her face. “I hoped, of course. Besides, for all I knew, you were testing me, Castiel. Dean could have turned you. Knights of Hell have all sorts of powers, and that’s before we get to the power he has over you just by being Dean Winchester. But now Sam and Hannah are here, any plans to play along aren’t needed. By either of us.”
Dean meets his gaze again, concern fresh in his eyes. He knows Castiel too well, it seems, to miss that note.
And for a second it’s as though she knows he might not have that information, that there might be some reason he isn’t as well-versed in humanity as she is. The moment passes, and he’s just looking at a worried friend.
“No,” Cas says. It’s more of the mutter than anything else, but Val keeps herself silent so he can be heard. “No, I wasn’t. You said I wasn’t. You said…” He drifts off again, tilting his head and checking out the ceiling, like there might be enemies hiding up there.
He didn’t answer, but the way he gritted his teeth made her fall silent, watching. The chamber hummed, vibrations running through it, and Castiel strained, cords on his neck standing out. The bands Dean’s sigils had fastened around the angel sparked, making them visible in lines of white flame, and Bela saw them wrapped securely around Castiel’s wrist, around his neck and chest, around his thighs and ankles. Only his wings were free, and they blazed into reality, too, bursting black and shining into being.
The thing is, though, Dean hasn’t picked anyone up in a bar in a real long time. And…and he just outright said he was in a relationship with Cas, and it didn’t feel weird. It felt…good. So, yeah, that happened.
It takes longer than it should do to gather himself, to roll off the bed. He falls when he tries to balance himself with a limb which isn’t there, bright pain registering as his human knee bashes against the floor. He bites back a curse and staggers to his feet.
It’s not new, praying to Cas. He has no idea if Cas hears him. He hasn’t picked up a phone and called back.
“That’s it,” she says. “And neither are anyone else’s. And I might feel sad today, but I’ll be okay. And those eggs are starting to smell really good.”
Cas turns his head and Dean sees at least one pair of wings adjust until the bright sparks of eyes are looking at him, too. Whatever Cas is doing that makes his limbs more visible, to Dean at least, is making him wonder how often Cas is looking at Dean with those angelic eyes in the normal way of things. Right now, his human eyes have that look in them that says Cas is about to explain something in a way he thinks will make a concept clear to Dean.
Of course Sam hears him. And he wants to dash off searching himself. It’s not like Val can have got far. But there are houses and businesses and the huge outlines of older buildings and if they hare off with no clue at all they could just be chasing their tails.
Of course, they think of Castiel as a friend, and don’t know she’s an angel, either, and have probably never had anything to do with magic. Perhaps it isn’t really so strange that these humans are more relaxed around Castiel and Hannah, that they are welcoming and friendly. They don’t know any better.
“Cas, come on, man. You gotta be hearing me. And I think, maybe, I saw you today. Hope I did, because if that was you, you looked healthy. Walking, at least. Still got a car. Just…if you’re here, if you’re in Austin, please, just come find us.”
It isn’t long before Dean’s back, padding into the room and crouching to peer up into Castiel’s face. Dean’s expression is tightly controlled.
“Brought you a coffee,” Sam says, and is by Dean’s side before Dean’s really processed Sam’s there. “You planning on sleeping up here? Because you know we can’t do this spell until dawn. Gertrude checked the book five times on that one.”
He doesn’t sound as exasperated as he sometimes might. Sam can act like he’s got it all together, but Dean isn’t the only one who’s been thrown out of his orbit by this, he can tell.
He keeps it together all through interviewing witnesses, not even thrown by the weeping man who holds his husband’s leather satchel, the only thing not shredded by the monster they’re after, as though it might be some magic lamp that will grant him the wish of his love back. Dean holds it together as they track and kill the thing that destroyed the life of someone who’d only dared to ask his best friend to be his lover in the last couple of years, after far too long worrying the attraction was one sided. He even holds it together when they finish the case and pass on the news to the widower.
Dean folds Val into the car, showing more care in his actions than he has in his words, and if he drives faster than an injured person might be comfortable with, Sam doesn’t say anything.
Behind him, Cas stood in jeans and a black shirt, his blade in his hand. He looked on edge. Sam wondered exactly how the guy felt about his newly acquired boyfriend turning Knight of Hell, or whatever exactly Dean was. Cas’ hair was damp, flattened, and it looked like he’d been out in the mist for a while.
Sam found Dean standing out in the field behind the Bunker, glass of whiskey in hand, his head tipped back to stare at the stars. There were a lot of them.
“I really don’t want to think about Dean’s sex life,” Sam said. “I saw enough of it when we were younger, thanks.”
“Sure,” she says, even as he looks away again, a quick turn of his head as though he thinks something’s there. “It’s not as nice as Beth’s place, but it’s not bad. And it’s closer to the campus, so we could meet up for lunch more easily.”
“I didn’t! He showed up acting weird and just got in the way,” Sophie says. She and Dean look at each other, and Cas imagines they’re sizing each other up. He thumps the floor again. “Look, I’m a business woman. I don’t want any part of this celestial being
“The residual effects of the full moon’s power will continue for twelve hours in either direction,” says Cas. He glances down at his shirt, plucking at the mountain range. “I suppose I should change into something a little more professional.”
Cas helps him to his feet. It’s a long walk back to the car, but at least he can use his flashlight again. Cas is back in his usual overcoat and it keeps getting snagged on twigs, but he refuses to just take it off for some reason. Honestly, Dean is pretty sure the guy is more caught up on honoring Jimmy than he likes to admit.
tw: ptsd, weed & alcohol, lesbianism shoehorned in with determination and hard work, depression, who’s sam? and liberal references to op’s obnoxious interests
Three weeks after Cas becomes human, Dean buys him a cell phone. Two days after that, he walks into the kitchen and nearly runs headlong into Dean, who’s making them grilled cheeses.
“And then I met you. And for the first time,” he says as though he can’t hear Dean at all, “I began to care too. About the world, sure…but also about you. Because I met you, you changed me...For the first time, I had the
“What, me? Yeah, go, go. You should enjoy yourself. I’m just going to be getting some work done around the house today anyway…”
“Yes. With time,” Cas says, lowering the borrowed t-shirt. It’s simple and green but makes his eyes look bluer than usual. “But my battery is drained.”
Dean warmly kisses him good morning and fixes them coffee while Cas finishes up breakfast. Dean had to convince him that just because Cas liked the smell of toast didn’t mean that Dean wanted to
The wind has long since turned his whole body ice cold and he hasn’t felt his face in hours by the time he’s stood his fill at the edge of where a pit to Hell once opened up the earth. Sam’s name is stark as ever in rugged pocket knife scratches he drew over with permanent marker, and Dean can’t imagine it will ever get easier to come back to this place, although he knows Cas thinks it will (he never voices this, to his credit). It’s common sentiment that time heals all wounds, but most people don’t know what he knows.
The sun goes down late as the year creeps toward the summer. It’s just gone seven when he looks up from organizing his weapons on the table and sees Cas through the gap in the curtains, staring at him from across the parking lot. Dean freezes. When he’s sure he’s got Dean’s attention, Cas nods, once. Then he disappears.
“Me?” Dean arranges some buns on a platter to stall for time. He bites his cheek. “I don’t know, Heavenly holy wars are a little bit above my paygrade. What can I even really do?”
Dean glances up and down the parking lot with a sigh. There are a few cars back here, but the lot is otherwise devoid of people.
“I brewed a pot while you were sleeping,” Cas says, brushing his hand through Dean’s hair, and he kisses the top of his head. “Do you want breakfast?”
He adds this in case she thinks he was snooping. Dean once told him it’s not right to steal drugs from a friend’s party. At the time, they were neither at a party nor talking about drugs, so the metaphor went over Cas’s head, but he thinks that it probably applies quite literally in this case.
There’s a ghoul case forty-five minutes away the week after that. Dean was driving out further and further, expanding the radius of the cases he was willing to take on until Lisa laid into him last month after he drove four straight hours with a knife wound in his thigh. They set a statewide limit on his extracurricular activities after that.
He sounds like Crowley and looks like Crowley—mostly—but he sure as shit doesn’t act like him. Dean’s on edge and pointing a gun underneath the table, but Cas steeples his fingers together and leans across the cheap formica.
Cas is actually excited to play the role of New Bobby. Dean likes him a lot better than Garth, for one, so there’s much sniping all around the homefront these days; and also he gets to spend a lot of his free time on the phone with other hunters. Cas has really been flexing his people skills lately. A few regulars really like him. The real struggle is building up a network; he doesn’t know how the Roadhouse or Bobby ever did it. Perhaps they’re not offering their new friends enough alcohol.
Dean’s throat is suddenly clogged; trying vainly to swallow, he claps Ben’s shoulder, once, twice. He pushes himself to his feet and automatically sways into Cas’s space, who touches his arm. Then Lisa tells them to drive safe, and she holds Ben in her arms and watches them from the doorway all the way to the car.
“Nothing,” Cas says finally. Dean raises one eyebrow, and he relents. “She thinks that I’ve...spent a lot of time down here, that’s all. It’s made me more human in some ways...I’m beginning to care about things. People.” Cas glances at Dean’s face again. “Humanity as a whole is special to me now.”
“It’s alcohol,” Cas says. “I suppose on a molecular level I can tell the difference between these whiskeys, but it’s a means to an end. Isn’t that why you drink?”
Cas elbows him. Grinning, Dean ruffles Cas’s hair and throws an arm around his shoulders, pulling him closer. Cas rolls his eyes, and Dean cups his face and smiles close until it’s all that Cas can see: His happiness, his brightness. He gives in and lets Dean kiss him and kiss him.
“Right, which is why the witch is here. And guess what?” Dean raises his eyebrows. “She has a thing for Manhattans.”
“Dean,” he gasps, too weak to be useful. Something is wrong inside his body. Something’s not right and it’s focused on the agony there...
“Exactly,” Cas says. “But I chose my own path. Creation can be the reason I exist. I can make it my purpose.”
Lisa’s put the whiskey on the table: That’s the first thing Dean notices when he’s calmed down enough to notice anything at all. He still can’t see past the thin layer of tears clouding up his vision but he can feel that the glass isn’t balanced on his knees, and he can’t imagine she would let it tumble and spill all over her rug. Lisa thinks ahead like that. Lisa is good at making sense of things.
He pulls Cas along beneath his arm as they meet, not for the first time, Bobby’s sheriff friend. She hugs Dean and then casts him an alarmed look when Cas pulls her in too, after their initial handshake.
When Lisa answers the door, a cannonball of shaggy black hair ducks underneath her arm and barrels into Dean’s chest at approximately ten miles an hour, strong enough to knock him back and nearly off the top step if Cas didn’t catch him with a subtle hand on the small of his back.
“Woah, hey there, Cas,” Dean says, touching either shoulder to steady him. “Look alive, buddy. Are you playing Candy Crush
Lisa pulls away enough to look at him, one firm hand rubbing his back. Dean’s suddenly—not shy, really, but he can’t make the words come out. He presses his mouth shut, glancing at his feet for just a second, but it’s long enough. Lisa’s brow is drawn again when he looks back up, her mouth in a line.
a glare for some reason. Dean stares back, bemused. “Don’t worry about it, OK? We’re not gonna let anything happen to you.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “She’s fine, Cas. She and Alex probably sneak way more than two beers at Jody’s.”
And then all at once, her smile gets sad. Dean’s heart drops when he looks at her, Sammy and the beer both forgotten. Jo touches Dean’s face. He can’t move, froze solid, when she leans up on her toes and kisses him: Once on the forehead, once on the lips. She strokes his face, frowning.
The backyard is smallish and currently housing twenty or so people, so Dean instantly shifts into charmer mode. Cas seems to feel the exact opposite way if how he hovers close to Dean’s back is any indication, but then, Dean was always good at playing to a crowd. Together they drift toward the barbecue so Dean can make himself useful to the chef. Cas gets pulled into an extremely awkward game of frisbee with the kids.
“Yeah, crazy, right?” Dean says, bumping him with his shoulder. Cas smiles. “What dumb son-of-a-bitch would go from Heaven to
“I was just coming to tell you that dinner’s ready,” Ben says carefully, still watching him with those huge eyes. “You were shaking and saying—”
“You are breaking my heart,” Dean says, shaking his head and staring. “I thought it was supposed to be a perfect match.”
“I told them not to send any more angels,” she says, an edge to her voice that he thinks sounds like
He turned around, wiping his sleeve across his chin to clean off the excess water, and found Cas watching him. Dean arched an eyebrow and got back in position over the wood.
Cas scans the various dips and salsas packed along the back wall, squinting to try and make his hazy brain focus. He’s been high most of the time he’s alone in the bunker, and it’s late, and his brain feels like it's moving through sand. He wishes he were in bed, or sprawled out watching a movie. They really need to get a couch for that room.
Cas’s panting is soft, but his heart is rabbiting; Dean can feel it where his fingers lay against his throat. He touches Cas’s cheek, stroking the rough stubble there. Cas grips his shirt and just holds it there tightly in his fist while Dean looks at his mouth, looks at his messy hair and thinks about getting his hands in it, looks at his bright eyes and back at his mouth again.
“It’s not easy for me like it is for you!” Dean bursts, spinning around to face him. “I don’t...I don’t know how to do this. With you.”
“Right. Sure,” Dean says, putting his face in his hands. His voice comes out muffled when he says, “What are you doing here?”
“It’s just the garden,” says Cas, which in Dean’s opinion isn’t really an answer either way. The waitress comes by to top off their coffees—mostly Dean’s since Cas is barely drinking his own, the mug cooling slowly in his hand. “I enjoy the flowers there.”
“Anyway,” Dean says hastily, clearly wrongfooted even though Cas didn’t say anything. “Guess what I found out about Medusa?”
, and the only relic from the life he’d always known that he could still reliably grab onto without catapulting at fifty miles an hour down the road of bad memories. Cas—stubborn, persistent Castiel, who refused to back down and get out of his life the way Dean pushed away everybody else he knew
Cas digests this frowning into his beer. He comes to see the fallen angels as beneficial—in this instance—and looks up with his stance resolved.
In a closet close to the end of the hall, Cas finds big metal sheets piled up against the walls with a single, soft blue light glowing from behind. Frowning, he pushes one of the metal sheets over, then another. He feels more than hear the air shift and Dean appear at his back.
Dean finds him acting like a tree forty minutes later. He leans his hip against the trunk of a big, shady willow, dressed but clearly still muddy from sleep. His hair’s a mess. Cas already knew this, but he can still appreciate how Dean looks really good first thing in the morning.
A lead weight lives in Dean’s chest most of the time now, but it feels heavier tonight for some reason. The air is still and a little stuffy now, so Dean gets up and flips off the heater that he wanted so bad when they came in. He tries to find a few different sources of entertainment: From a show about a teenage medium (definitely fake, and the kid talks funny) on a higher channel to the whiskey stashed in the fridge to internet porn, Dean still ends up bored as fuck by eleven and not nearly tired enough to sleep.
He can hear Dean in the kitchen for much of the evening, banging things around and singing. He wonders if it’s a subtle expression of expectation that Cas will come out and join him, but he doesn’t do that: He sits in his room staring at the wall for a long time. After awhile, he leaves in search of a pad of paper and a pen.
Dean grabs his keys, double-checks he’s got everything he needs. Cas silently passes him the flask he was looking for.
“Oh. Of course,” Lisa says, glancing down and then back at his face. “I know we didn’t talk much about it tonight, Dean, but—Are you doing OK? With the one year anniversary and everything, I just want to make sure you’re in a good place.”
Tonight, though, it’s an old nightmare—nothing special or noteworthy. He’s in the room, that beautiful room. Ruby’s body is on the floor. He claws at the carpet and the wood floor and wonders if this horrible woman will be the last thing he ever sees, but it isn’t—it hadn’t been. Sam was. When Dean died, the hellhounds didn’t last very long: Getting ripped to shreds sucked ass but all too soon he was down there on the rack, and then rabid shadow dogs were nothing. They don’t dream in Hell, but Dean used to think endlessly about being back in that room. He’d stare at Sam’s face behind his eyelids and imagine he could feel claws tearing into his chest, bloody and agonizing and
“I was just as confused, and probably twice as angry,” Benny tells him. His voice has got this ringing sincerity to it that’s hard to ignore, but Dean forces himself to listen to his deeply-ingrained doubt. “Listen...I got some notes I’ve been amassing on the subject. How about we link up and work this one together?”
Dean’s forehead is doing an adorable furrowing thing, and he still looks all fuzzy with sleep. Suppressing a smile, Cas looks down and spreads his arms to gesture to the whole canvas.
Cas wrestles between him and Hannah for another long handful of seconds. Hannah’s watching him now, her face indecipherable.
“Not complaining about the rescue,” Dean says as they meander out of the shed, “but just once, I’d like to save the poor possessed son of a bitch.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, putting down his glass. He looks between Dean and Lisa. “Was I not supposed to chug it?”
Out of respect, Cas stopped smoking in the library anymore but now he’s bored, satisfied with the day’s productivity and craving a game night. He wishes he could invite Charlie over so he could have her stop at the store on the way without him having to leave home for snacks. Out of luck, Cas makes an unpleasantly chilly trip to the nearest gas station at two in the morning. He prefers this to the 7-Eleven on the corner, because here the cashier is always drunk and they trade don’t-ask-me-anything smiles and she seems genuinely grateful when Cas, still unsure about tipping etiquette, gives her whatever coins come back as change.
“They were torturing him, Cas,” he says, trying in vain to pry Cas’s hands off him. “What was I supposed to do?”
“I’m building a house, Cas,” he says, just in case this has somehow slipped his notice. Most things don’t, but nobody can bat a thousand, right? Dean hopes to one day find out that that’s true. It would be nice to find out that Cas has at least one flaw that isn’t intrinsically annoying, like using his free will on civil wars nobody cares about and being unflinchingly good at his whole ‘watch over Dean’ shtick. Heaven lay in tatters nowadays but that was one order that Cas seems hellbent on following through. Literally.
“I...don’t know,” he says, studying the floor as though he hadn’t expected to get this far. “What do you usually do on Tuesdays?”
“I’m not trying to hunt with you,” he says gravely. Dean hates babysitting nearly as much as being babysat. “But you don’t have to suffer when you do it, either.”
“I’d like that,” he says. Dean makes a move to grab his jacket, but Cas touches his arm. “Not tonight.”
“Um...He’s in the hospital,” Dean says, his voice breaking down the middle, all brittle at the edges and shaky with grief. He sucks in a sharp breath, and like magic, Cas watches him recompose before his eyes. “In a coma. It’s fine, I’m fine. He’s gonna be—”
“Not really,” says Cas. He reaches over to pick more bacon off Dean’s plate, and a small smile comes over his face. “Sometimes I take a break and walk through the garden.”
It’s in this state that the door creaks, and they turn around to watch Dean peek into the room. He sniffs and breaks out in a grin.
that little traitor is sneaking off to sleep in Dean’s bed most nights, although Dean’s usually lying beside Cas in his room anyway, so it takes some sting out of the blow.
is good, but Dean’s glad he’s seen it a thousand times already. This time around he’s distracted. The couch is falling apart and clearly used to belong to somebody with a cat, but the main obstacle right now is that it’s very
Dean waves a hand. “Yeah, yeah, I know. Nightmares. Praying in my sleep. Distracting you from war, I got it. I got it.”
Truth is, Cas rarely does much exploring when he pulls out this excuse. Mostly he lays in bed reading, or goes to tend to the garden he’s trying to get started in the astronomy room that nobody ever used. He thinks he needs to get some artificial light in there, but he keeps forgetting to put it on Dean’s shopping list.
“We could...talk,” Cas suggests, sounding extremely uncomfortable at the thought. He folds his hands in his lap.
“Yeah.” He closes his eyes for a second when he hears his voice breaking. “If it's not too late, I...think I'd like to take you up on that beer.”
Charlie has a pristinely clean, orange and blue bowl with little stars drawn all over it. Despite Charlie’s repeated warnings that Cas be very careful and take his first hit slow, he still ends up inhaling too sharply. He’s pretty sure he’s going to cough up a lung onto Charlie’s living room floor, but he doesn’t; and when he comes to, Charlie is laughing.
“I didn’t know how long you’d be gone,” she tells him. Ben’s loading up his backpack in the living room. “We planned to go to this concert tonight because...well, Ben was worried about you. Will you be alright on your own?”
“Don’t shoot the messenger, but it sounds to me like you’re in love,” Charlie tells him. “Trust me, I’m an expert.”
“Did I say that?” she demands. “Look, Dean, all I’m saying is...Ben isn’t looking for a dad, alright? And I barely know you. So you can stay here, as long as you need. I told you, you can stay here forever if that’s what you really want, but—”
That made Cas smile, and his hands landed on the tie Dean was wearing. Classic fake-reporter getup for an akurra case they worked last week near the northern state border.
“You know that’s not an excuse,” he says. “And you know that you have me, always. And Charlie. And Sam when he wakes up. We’re gonna help you figure all this out. You do know that, right?"
“Right,” Cas says loudly. Dean shuts his mouth, glaring sideways at where he’s sitting on the closed side of the booth. “So it’s a coincidence that you appeared back here and within two months, there are six mysterious disappearances and two confirmed deaths?”
“It doesn’t incapacitate you,” Cas says, pacing away from him like he’s going to bolt out the front door. Instead he just whirls around. “You’re not in a coma.”
“That’s enough,” Dean snaps. “I have enough to worry about without you two bickering on either shoulder. Christ, when did my life become a cartoon?”
Cas isn’t on his phone for once when Dean wakes up in the morning. He’s lying stretched out more or less where Dean left him, watching him sleep. It’s less creepy than it used to be, especially when, as soon as Dean rolls over and opens his eyes, Cas leans in to brush their lips together.
“So what?” Dean asks, trying for levity; he chokes out a laugh, dry and bare and blatant once it’s out in the open. “You just defaulted to the first guy you saw? Like a duck?”
“Well, yeah, but that doesn’t mean it’s any easier to deal with,” Charlie says. She claps Cas on the arm, and her touch lingers. “Let’s do something else. Do you like peppermint vodka?”
He’s not sure what he’s expecting, but it’s not for Dean to duck through the secret passage to his bar, now with padlocks on the back doors and a few extra obstacles in place against intruders, Winchester-level paranoia painted all over the walls. A few Cas recognizes as warding against angels, but it doesn’t hurt him anymore, now that angels are extinct. Dean’s just psychotically thorough, another thing Cas would make him talk through in therapy if it were possible for hunters to get the help that they all, in Cas’s not-too-limited experience, desperately need. He may or may not be keeping a list.
“It’s okay,” Lisa whispers, and Dean realizes that he’s jolted forward and into her arms. They come around him easy, and he clutches back and realizes he’s crying. God, this is not sexy. This is not what he was picturing at all. “It’s gonna be okay.”
A guilty fire has begun to burn inside him. Sam needs him, he does; and he should have been there for him. He owes it to Sam, after all, he’s half the reason Earth is so much safer now in the first place. Only monsters and powered-down angels and a few straggling demons left, oh my.
The night comes on faster than expected: It’s like he blinks and looks up and there’s the darkened sky, right where the sunlight was just blinding him through the front windshield. His hand is cramping, he realizes. He doesn’t know for how long. His back hurts from sitting upright in the same position for so long. His stomach aches, from not enough food or not enough drink or more phantom pains, maybe, from the graveyard. From the—Fuck.
Then he finds an empty bench in a park, pulls his bloodied trenchcoat over himself, and goes to sleep.
They finish the nachos, and Charlie smokes the rest of the bowl and cleans that up along with their food. Cas gets very cozy in the corner of her couch, and when she comes back, they put on another episode of her show while paying extra close attention to the pre-episode recap. Most of it still goes over Cas’s head.
“Why not?” He doesn’t know why he’s picking a fight about this. It just rises up in him, void of reason and impervious to will. “That seems right up your alley.”
about. I can’t sleep. I can’t...Cas. I can’t do anything. I’m just going through the motions. I’m just trying to hold on.”
“Are you sure you can’t stay another hour?” Lisa says, glancing up at the night sky. “I think it’s supposed to rain soon.”
“I don’t just care about humanity in general, Dean,” he says, guiding him around a large rock in the path.
Dean looks at Crowley; then he looks at Cas. Cas tilts his head at Dean, his brow furrowed to indicate that he doesn’t think this is a good idea. Dean looks him for a long time before he sighs.
“Are you alright?” he asks, letting Dean take his hands but just standing there, studying his face. “How are you holding up?”
“He doesn’t,” Cas confided. “I have held his soul in my hands, though. That does tend to create a profound bond.”
“I’ll drive. Grab your stuff and meet me outside in five,” she calls back to Ben. To Dean, she waves a finger in his face. “I have to go, but we’ll talk about this when I get home.”
“We got the weapon.” Cas glances at Dean on the floor. “I’ll be back as soon as I’m sure that Dean is safe.”
What a cryptic, flighty motherfucker. Dean’s tossing around a few curse word portmanteaus he wants to try out the next time he sees Cas, all pretty tame compared to his usual brand of vitriol, as he tosses his favorite bag of guns into the trunk and climbs in. Cas offered to magic him there, but there’s a reason Dean prefers the car. It doesn’t fuck up his bowels for weeks afterwards when he drives places, for starters. Secondly, Indiana isn’t that big and sometimes he only feels himself when he gets in and drives.
Cas laughs along with Charlie while Dean, frustrated and embarrassed, stalks into the back room to collect himself. Alicia comes back and asks Charlie what’s so funny, and after a few minutes of Charlie leaning in close to her and sweeping Alicia’s hair off of her shoulder, Cas belatedly recognizes his cue to go. Charlie gives him this complicated look that he’s finally well-versed enough in silent human exchanges to recognize as,
“Are you finally learning to run it by me first before you do something stupid?” Dean asks. He glances over and sees Cas’s face, then does a double-take. “What’s wrong? You’re acting weird. Well, weirder than usual.”
“No,” she says, hard. “This isn’t a negotiation. If you want to stay here, then I need to know that my son is safe.”
Cas looks down at the table. The menus have some word puzzle for children on the back, and Cas is tracing the boxes with one finger. The waitress comes and brings their food before he breaks his silence.
He tries not to think about it as Dean goes through his routine to his satisfaction. He’s ginger with Cas’s ankle, every touch, when he encases it back in the brace and helps Cas back up by both hands.
That’s how they end up knocking feet beneath the table at the closest iHop, Dean digging into a huge stack of pancakes while Cas stares and picks at his bacon and stares. It used to be impossible to eat in front of the guy, but he’s used to the big blue eyes routine by now.
She’s hovering behind him with her hand on his lower back, right over the bruise in his spine that’s been aching nonstop in the weeks since the ghoul incident. Dean heaves the bag in his arms into a more comfortable position.
The early autumn is chilly enough that his car isn’t baking in the sun, despite how long it’s sat out underneath it. Dean throws their stuff in the trunk and holds Cas’s door open for him, because he still looks smug and happy every time he slides into shotgun and Dean kind of likes seeing that up close.
He leans over the table as though he needs to see her better, or like he does sometimes when he read minds. He says he doesn’t need to look people in the eye to accomplish it, but he usually does anyway—probably as part of his crusade to make Dean feel as uncomfortable as humanly possible. Call it years of practice, but Cas is very good at that particular game.
“I did all of this to save him,” Cas tells her patient expression. “It terrifies me how much I’ve done with that goal in mind, and what else I might be capable of if he continued to be put at risk or threatened.”
He smiles at this logic and, also, because Cas has left a cup from a locally-owned coffee shop up the road and it’s got Dean’s name on it in little red sharpie.
“Not gonna make much progress on the house with unstable support like that,” Neal commented, running his finger down the jagged line.
“It’s delicious,” Lisa assures him, cutting Dean a glare. Under her breath, she adds, “There’s a freaking
“Yes. It’s very festive.” Cas knows this because of a very boring Christmas movie he watched at three in the morning last week; there’s never anything good on past midnight. He gets to his feet. “But uh, may I use your bathroom first?”
awesome. I haven’t showered in three days and I don’t care. I’m getting a beer and then I need to hit the sack.”
But Cas glances over his shoulder right when Dean looks up from arranging plastic cutlery on a tray and catches his eye. The sunlight is landing on his hair just so, and he looks like a completely different person in a t-shirt with a beach on it and big, cartoonish letters reading
“Alright, just share your location with me,” Dean says. He makes a frustrated sound. “I can’t leave until the morning. Will you be OK up there for two days alone?”
When she opens the front door, he’s struck by how she’s more beautiful than he remembers. She’s more vibrant. Her hair looks silky and for a second all Dean wants is to run his fingers through it, but then the impulse flickers out and the rest of the day floods back in, and he chokes on his next words.
“So that’s three weekends in a row that you grace me with your presence,” Dean says, smiling to himself at the little pun. “Is your army doing that well?”
“I don’t,” Cas calls. Dean glances over in time to see Cas shrug off the side of the shed and come join them by the treeline. He shakes his head, then sticks out his hand to Benny. “I suppose I owe you an apology. I still believe that you’re an untrustworthy, bloodsucking abomination who should be eradicated from the face of this earth—but you saved Dean’s life today. So thank you.”
“Oh...Oh, okay.” Dean’s thoughts are still moving a little bit slowly, not quite out of dreamland yet. “Well, do you have another job for me or something?”
Except—Cas reaches a hand out to pull Dean up the last part of the hill, and then a gorgeous panoramic view spills across the horizon below. Cas’s hand is warm and firm in his own, swinging like a breeze at their waists.
“Doctor—” Dean double-takes as he fills up a cup with water from the tap. “You know how I’ve been bugging you about doing a pop culture marathon to get you up to speed? We need to do that for real, man. Soon.”
“I just assumed you’d be on the road again soon. Like always,” she adds, cracking a tentative smile. Dean tries to shoot one back but just ends up kind of huffing at her, looking at his knees. “Dean, I...Is Sam with you?”
“Heya, you two,” Dean greets, shrugging into the apartment. He sets two grocery bags on the counter. “I bought meat pies for dinner. I hope you’re hungry.”
Cas frowns. Already, his stomach is beginning to rumble. The night is chilly, staining his cheeks pink, and the hand holding the payphone is going numb in the pinky. Cas looks down the dark, empty street and lets out a sigh.
Dean gets a hand underneath himself to push up, ready to leap back to his feet. His gun’s close by, and Dean grabs it and aims—the siren dives for cover but Dean gets it in the leg. The siren screams and drops to his good knee, and Dean tightens his grip on the bronze blade; he’s nearly ready to launch himself across the room but the door slams open before he can do it. Dean and the siren both look up.
“I know there’s risk,” he says. “We can deal with all that shit tomorrow. There’s just one thing I wanted to get out of the way, and I’m, uh...I’m afraid the moment’s gonna pass. Shit, maybe it already has.” Dean laughs, sounding uncharacteristically nervous. He smooths his hand back through his hair, making it fall a different way. Cas watches the way that simple gesture changes him and feels that nestled warmth in his chest flap its wings, newborn and hopeful. “Look, I don’t know the next time we’re gonna get to be alone with nothing life or death on our plates, and I don’t know when I’m gonna get the chance to do this again.”
“I just got thrown off the proverbial cloud and landed in the mud with my wings ripped out and my grace
A small crease appears between his eyebrows. Charlie’s busy taking her turn, so Cas reaches out and massages Dean’s shoulder. Under the lights, his eyes look redder than they probably are, but his lids are heavy when he turns on Cas and slowly raises his hand to touch the back of Cas’s.
“Don’t get all up in his business, sister,” Dean says. “It’s better than you guys picking pointless fights for all of eternity because you don’t have anything else to do.”
He skips the next song on the mixtape, a Zepp track he’s heard one too many times as of late. The spare seconds of silence between songs makes the rustle of air more obvious than it would otherwise have been. Without turning around, Dean says, “Hey, Cas, what do you—
“Yeah, well, that never seems to stop you,” Dean mutters. Cas’s expression statics out for a second, and he gets that look that he gets right before he disappears. “Wait! I didn’t, uh…” Dean rubs the back of his neck. “Why would it be weird for you to visit? It’s not like you’ve never showed up at Lisa’s before. Hell, you sat down and had dinner with us right after I got there.”
“Your loyalties, yeah. Yeah.” Dean rolls his eyes and hopes it covers how fast his heart has started to hammer. He tries to pry Cas’s fingers off his shirt, to no avail.
He follows Dean back into the room, finds a spread of bagels that he must have had delivered because Cas never heard the car. Cas tries an everything bagel with some flavored cream cheese that comes in the bag. Dean makes faces at him, but it’s honestly not that bad.
“Hello, Dean.” For a second, they just blink at each other. Cas fidgets, glancing behind him. “Uh, may I come in?”
Cas doesn’t protest again. Dean glowers into a corner and drinks, and after a second glass that burns in his stomach, Cas climbs out of bed and comes over to him.
Cas tugs on the lapels of his trenchcoat, which no matter how often Dean tries to get him to ditch it for new thrift store finds, nonetheless appears on his shoulders each new time he visits. Dean doesn’t mind. He’s good at playing a long game; it took four years, but when he was fifteen he finally convinced his dad that he could be trusted enough to leave some beer in the fridge while John was out on a job, which guaranteed that he and Sam could sneak a can or two whenever they were left alone up until Dean turned legal. Cas lays his hand on the wall of the house and surreptitiously tightens one of the screws.
He shifts carefully in the cold room and slowly grabs around himself in search of the covers. Dean grabs at something soft in front of him and pulls at it until it wraps around him. He shuffles closer to the soft warmth and sighs contently as his headache seems to dissipate. Dean rubs his head across the warm pillow and frowns at its hard texture and the arm-like shape it seems to have developed. He slowly opens his eyes cautious of the harsh sunlight.
Castiel watches him obviously unaffected by the half-assed threat and not breaking eye contact. "When you are cursed, potentially dangerous and unpredictable
"You didn't kill anyone did you?" Dean sighs and he doesn't need an answer to know he's right he can see it in the guy's eyes. "What the hell?" He hisses. "I was about to kill you, why did you lie?" The wolf shrugs. "I thought it would be easier to get it over with. The pack didn't tie me up for killing people, they tied me up so that the alphas could kill me for abandoning the pack." Dean sighs contemplating his options. He can't let someone innocent die but what happens if things go wrong.
He puts the pizza back on Castiel's plate, mumbling, "Ellen will keep feeding you unless it looks like you ate something." Castiel frowns down at his plate as Ellen walks over but quickly schools his expression as Ellen's face immediately brightens when she sees his plate. She picks up his plate with a smile and walks back to the sink. Dean places his hand on Castiel's arm getting his attention. "You should go sit on the couch, I'm sure a movie night is something you've never experienced either. Enjoy it."
Castiel's head tilts and the sympathy rolls off of him in waves. His brows draw together and his hand rubs soothing circles into the inside of Dean's wrists. "It's okay not to be." Dean searches Castiel's eyes finding nothing but honesty and gentle understanding. He half nods avoiding eye contact when the pure emotions behind Castiel's eyes become too much for him to look at.
Dean's hand twitches by his side, he can feel a pulsing in his fingertips. He clenches his fist, his nails digging into his palms. This isn't supposed to happen, he's not supposed to have these powers. But he can't control it.
"Nope." The sound of moving water comes from behind Castiel and he groans inwardly at the thought of the perfectly toned man walking around naked
Sam is about to respond, but Dean turns away and heads into the kitchen before he can, so Sam just responds with a classic Bitch Face before following after Dean.
Cas tilted his head, causing Dean’s smile to widen at the little gesture now common with Cas. He clapped Cas on the shoulder, but whatever Dean was about to say got cut off because music started playing around them.
“Yes, but I think it’s more than that. A lot of the stuff that’s been happening to us are things that commonly happen in these types of stories.”
Deans mouth hangs open as he tries to come up with a comeback to that. “You’re the… end of the world,” he finishes lamely, realizing as he says it that that was a really shitty comeback. Cas just raises an eyebrow at him, so Dean mumbles to himself as he climbs into bed without looking at Cas.
Dean realizes he’s currently snuggled up against Cas, with his arms wrapped around Cas’s chest and his nose nuzzled against Cas’s neck. Dean flings himself backwards, causing himself to topple off the bed and into a heap on the floor.
“That’s great, but can you send us home now? We’ve been stuck here for two days,” Dean says, not keeping the irritation out of his voice.
“Are you sure we should be eating food from a sketchy cabin that we’ve been trapped in?” Sam asks, looking at Dean dubiously.
Cas laughs, “Technically, yes, he created everyone. Carver Edlund, or Chuck as we know him, is God.”
“Normally, you would be right, but I am inexplicably very tired all of a sudden. I think I might actually require sleep.”
“Fucking perfect,” Dean mumbles to himself, bending down to pick up the fallen chips. After picking up the biggest pieces, Dean realized there were too many crumbs to pick up by hand. He stares at the mess for a moment before deciding to just ignore them and settle back into the couch.
“Haha, nice, Looney Tunes, I love this episode,” Dean says, distracted by the TV as Bugs Bunny comes on screen.
Cas stares after him, still bleary eyed from sleeping, rubbing at his face, before he decides to get up and follow after Dean.
“I don’t know! Wait, but you guys are fictional characters, how are you here? Did I make you come to life or something?”
Matilda opens her eyes to find herself sitting in front of her computer screen again. She looks at the text on the screen and finds it’s been updated. The entire conversation that just happened was typed out in front of her.
Sam smirks and opens his mouth to retort but Dean, realizing exactly what Sam is about to say, just says, “Don’t say it, not a goddamn word.” Sam falls quiet, knowing Dean would get really pissy if he made any comments about how it would make sense that Dean would want to snuggle up in a cabin with Cas. But on the other hand, Dean’s fantasy would probably not include
Dean wanted to retort, to say something to wipe that smirk off Sam’s face, but he thinks Sam might be right. Dean glances over at Cas to find Cas already looking at him. Dean makes eye contact and blushes slightly, but he can’t look away, even once the music starts playing again.
“None of this answers where the song was coming from,” Cas says, trying to interrupt what would surely become endless bickering between the brothers. “I don’t see any speakers, how was the song playing? And why did it start playing?”
“Nope, that’s not fucking happening. Not a chance in hell, whoever’s doing this can go fuck themselves,” Dean exclaims as he exits the kitchen and plops himself down on the couch, turning on the TV, still grumbling to himself.
Sam snorts, while Dean looks conflicted. On the one hand, it was a better song. On the other hand, it was so much worse.
Dean looked over at Cas, and as soon as his eyes locked with Cas’s, the music started playing again.
Sam scratches his head, thinking through their various leads but still no closer to narrowing it down, and even farther from actually figuring out how to get out of here. He thinks through what’s happened so far. He tries searching for “trapped in a cabin” but all of the results are about people getting snowed in after a storm or some other natural cause. He thinks through the weird things that have happened since they’ve been here, hoping maybe one of those things will be more distinctive to give him some clues. However, he’s not sure how to google any of that. How would he google “music started playing from nowhere when his brother looked at his angel friend” or “names appearing on doors with force fields keeping anyone else out”?
Sam looks between both of them before saying, “You’re not going to like this but,” he pauses as he swings his laptop around for them to see, “I think we’re trapped in a fanfiction.”
“I think that whoever is writing this story is controlling all of this somehow, liking trapping us in the cabin and playing those songs. I don’t think they can control us, or what we say, though. There are some comments from people who are confused over what we’ve said, like when I suggested we call Rowena. The books stopped being published after the apocalypse, so she was never introduced. Even the author seems confused by what we’ve said, judging by these notes in the beginnings and ends of the chapters.”
“Good idea, Dean, because I definitely didn’t try that already.” Cas says sarcastically, rolling his eyes.
Dean shuts off the TV now that the episode of Doctor Sexy was over. Cas had joined him on the couch to watch while Sam stayed in the kitchen, researching on his laptop.
“I know that it’s a little outside their usually MO,” Sam continues on, ignoring them, “but I think it’s enough that we can’t rule them out. It could also be a witch, even though there aren’t any hex bags in here, but it’s possible we missed it. I suppose it could even be a ghost, like how we were sucked into that episode of Scooby Doo last week, but that’s not exactly typical ghost behavior. Another possibility is that it’s a djinn. This could all be a dream, essentially.”
“I guess I am,” she says awed, holding out her hand and making the saltshaker float a few inches over the table.
“Not really, but unless you have any better options…” Sam trails off as he realizes his phone has no service. “Do any of you have a signal?”
Dean and Cas enter their bedroom to find a queen-sized bed, along with two small nightstands and some dressers lining the wall.
being there as an awkward third wheel, and Sam would certainly not wish to be trapped in a cabin with Dean and Cas as an awkward third wheel, so it probably isn’t a djinn.
After preparing a modest dinner of canned beans and frozen corn, plus a six pack of beer Dean found, the three of them sit around the small kitchen table.
“Dean,” Cas says, placing a calming hand on Dean’s arm, “she’s human, I don’t think she means to hurt us.”
“Really? I never knew that about him,” she says, thinking back to her time spent with her grandpa. He used to do little magic tricks for her when she was a kid, but when she got older, she had always assumed they had just been a trick.
He sits at the table and pulls out his laptop thinking about where to start. He thinks that whoever trapped them here doesn’t mean them any harm; clearly if they wanted to kill them, they would have done so by now. Whoever it is seems to be just messing with them.
“What did you find?” Dean asks, as he takes a seat next to Sam at the table, with Cas coming into the kitchen behind him.
, going on for several years now. Sam wonders if this person’s plans would actually work, seeing as they would have to fight through all the layers of Dean’s emotional constipation. The songs really seemed to get to both of them, though, so maybe it would work.
After 10 minutes, Dean realizes Cas must not actually be getting him the vacuum, so Dean finally gets up to get it himself. Dean walks down the hallway to find the closet and opens the door. Cas is standing inside and turns to face him once the door opens.
Meanwhile, Sam, now changed into his running clothes, emerges from the hallway into the library to head out. He stops in his tracks as he sees Dean and Cas kissing on the other side of the table. Sam quietly slips back into the hallway he just came from, not wanting to interrupt their moment.
Cas pauses a moment, looking after Dean, then also leaves the room, heading for the bedroom, muttering something about finding a book to read, leaving Sam standing in the room alone.
Dean is lying in bed, gently waking up from sleep. This bed is really comfy and he’s nice and warm. He snuggles in closer to the warmth and breathes deeply, smelling honey, wildflowers, and something distinctly
Dean gasps quietly, looking into Cas’s eyes for a brief moment, before looking down, flustered, turning around, and leaving the room so quickly he stumbles into the chair on his way out toward the kitchen.
“One, I don’t, the song just started playing out of nowhere, and two, you’re the one who knew that it was Taylor Swift.”
Sam, Dean, and Cas find themselves sitting in the bunker, in the exact seats they were in before they got trapped in the cabin. Sam looks at his laptop, still open to the page with the fanfiction. He notices it’s been updated and quickly skims through the last chapter, seeing the apology in the note at the end.
“No thanks, Dean. While I did enjoy eating food while I was human, now it just tastes like molecules, so it isn’t worth it.”
Takes place after Swan Song, where Sam, Dean, and Cas are all alive and still hunting now that the Apocalypse is over. Tags will be updated with future chapters (since I have no idea where this fic is going lol)
Dean sits down on the couch with a bag of potato chips while Sam sits on the other end of the couch and Cas sits in the chair. Sam grabs the remote to look for something on TV while Dean struggles to open the bag of chips. Dean tugs too hard and the bag rips open, spilling potato chips and crumbs everywhere.
“Cas-,” Dean exhales, his breath catching in his throat as he returns to Cas’s eyes. Cas holds his gaze as they both hold their breath.
A pop-up message suddenly appeared on Sam’s laptop. It says, “I’m the author of this fanfiction. Can you guys actually see this?”
She looks back at her screen, right after Sam calls to the others to show him this fanfiction he found, her fanfiction. She considers just deleting the section where he’s doing this research; but instead she can see in her mind Dean and Cas standing up to join Sam in the kitchen and she finds herself writing this down. She still thinks this is getting too weird, even for a Supernatural fanfic, when she can hear in her mind Dean asking Sam what he’s found. Without even realizing she was doing, she finds that she has just typed out:
Cas moves over to the door, brushing past Dean. He tries the handle, which doesn’t move, then slams into the door with his full angelic strength, but still, the door doesn’t budge.
Sam’s already sitting at the little kitchen table with a mug of coffee. As Dean and Cas both walk into the kitchen Sam smirks at them over his mug, ready to do his younger sibling duty of giving his brother shit.
A/N: Songs used: Hey Stephen – Taylor Swift, Cherry Pie – Warrant, Angle with a Shotgun – The Cab, All By Myself – Celion Dion
She hits publish and sets the story to complete. She realizes she never actually got Dean and Cas together in her fic, but seeing as how they’re real life people and not fictional characters, she figures that’s their business.
“Me neither. This looks like a completely normal cabin except for the indestructible door and windows,” Cas replies.
She debates whether she should publish this chapter of the fic. She figures that it’s already completely written, so she might as well. She just needs to add a quick author’s note.
“Someone has teleported us here,” Cas says, as he looks around anxiously, clearly worried something is about to jump out at them.
Dean blushes furiously and grumbles out a quiet, “Shut up, Sam,” at the same exact time that Cas, completely straight-faced, says, “Yes.” Sam’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise and Dean blushes even harder and turns away to go find a mug of coffee for himself.
“I don’t think so, my grace is intact. Everything else is fine, I’m just tired. I think it might have something to do with whatever is keeping us trapped here. As Sam said, I think these sleeping arrangements might be mandatory.”
Dean moves over to the front door of the cabin and tries to open it, but the door doesn’t budge. “Hey, Cas, a little help here?”
Sam heads over to the hallway with the bedrooms then stops dead in his tracks when he notices there’s writing on the doors that he’s fairly certain was not there earlier.
Matilda sits, staring at her computer screen. This fic is not going the way she wanted it to. She had hoped Dean and Cas would have gotten together by now, but more worryingly, the characters keep saying things she doesn’t really want them to say. They keep referencing things that never happened in canon, but now Sam has found her fic online. She never intended for this fic to be so meta. She briefly considers just deleting the whole thing, but she’s already published the first 3 chapters on AO3. Despite some of the confusion the commenters have expressed over the non-canon references the characters made, other commenters seemed to enjoy it. She sighs, determined to continue the fic, even if it’s gone a bit off the rails.
Well, I meant for them to actually play spin the bottle, but I guess the characters weren’t feeling up to it. This is turning into more of a slow burn than I thought. Guess I just have to up the ante next chapter! Stick around for my next update to find out!
“Apparently, whoever trapped us here has specific sleeping arrangements in mind,” Sam replies snarkily, trying to hide his smirk.
Dean scrambles to his feet, shaking his head, planning to make a hasty retreat from the room, unable to look at his brother (who seems to have a permanently amused smirk on his face, the bastard) or
“Well, I’m not laughing,” Dean said, meaning for it to come out angry, but it came out more as a whisper; anything more would be too big for such a small space. Dean wants to move away from Cas but he can’t even twist away. He’s forced to look Cas in the eyes. Dean’s breath hitches slightly with the intensity of Cas’s staring, blue eyes. Dean flicks his gaze away from his eyes but instead they land on Cas’s lips. Now the words from that Taylor Swift song, about kissing in the rain, float unbiddenly through Dean’s mind. He feels his face heat up as he thinks about how easy it would be to lean down slightly and press those lips to his. He’d be lying to himself if he said he’s never thought about it over the years, in fact, he usually did lie to himself about this, but now he can’t escape it.
