"Oh! No, that's not a problem!" Barnes insisted. "I am perfectly capable of cooking up Birdman's chow."
There was what looked like a film of some kind showing on that odd rectangular wall box. He stopped and watched it a moment, forgetting that he was supposed to be looking after a toddler. It only caught his eye because it looked like it was supposed to be capturing the time and place Steve had just come from — Hydra's way of trying to lull him into a false sense of security perhaps? — though some of the details didn't seem quite right. Before he could get too distracted, he turned from the picture to the little girl on the floor, who stood next to the large, decorated evergreen and pulled at the ribbons hanging off of a large box that was wrapped in some kind of shiny and colorful paper. Christmas wrapping paper was expensive. Steve had never bought any in his life, as he hadn't had the money. He picked up a smaller box and turned it over in his hand. This alone looked like it would have cost a small fortune in paper.
to wear one of your suits?" Natasha asked, like she knew something Tony had yet to accept for himself.
Tony groaned and buried his face in his hands. Fuck, he'd forgotten Pepper was still in town. "Great," he muttered and pulled back. "Great. Sure, why not. Maybe she knows how to deal with this?"
Though Tony appreciated her gesture, he couldn't help but feel she was doing nothing but humoring him because of the situation at-hand, and he was assured of this when she put her hands on his shoulders and said, "I know it's— I know it isn't easy, but I want you to do something for me, OK?" When he nodded, she continued, "Just focus on having that baby. Just focus on having that baby, and we'll worry about everything else later, all right? No sense worrying about— One thing at a time. Focus on having the baby, and we'll worry about everything else afterward."
True to his word, it was a cheap little diner, but unless he considered 'across town' and 'thirty blocks south' actually 'around here,' then it wasn't as close as Tony claimed it to be.
Something then appeared to come to him at this, and he looked from Steve to Tony a couple times before he turned his attention on Steve and said, "Jeez, Steve, you're robbing the cradle. What is he? Fifty years younger than you?"
He shrugged. "Maybe a little. Nothing bad. There may have been a battle recently over who gets to be your, uh, experiment's godparents."
He pushed out into the blindingly bright snow. Oh, it was definitely real, judging by how cold it was, and he really should have seen about putting shoes on, but if he stayed there any longer, fuck him, he might actually start to believe the insanity that was pouring out of Tony's mouth. He took off down the street at breakneck speed, bare feet pounding against un-shoveled sidewalks, and he looked for something — anything — that might give hint to his whereabouts. Hydra could fake a room, maybe even a house, but an entire neighborhood? Not possible.
, and hit the little send arrow, leaving it at that. He knew what Barton was asking what he was right about, but damned if he'd allow Barton the courtesy to even think Tony knew what he was talking about.
"Doesn't matter. She'll be up soon to feed again, anyway," he said and yawned, the rocking and Steve's gentle shoulder lulling him back to sleep even while standing up, the song a pleasant thrum from his ears down into his bones. They stood there and swayed like that a few moments before Steve said very quietly, "I guess I could carry you both back upstairs if I had to."
"Yeah, fine, you little brat," he muttered and went into the bathroom. "I'll get you something to eat."
Tony stood up and went over to the other counter where he'd placed the prototype bow for Barton he was almost happy with but not quite. "Try not to drop this one on the ground, too," he said and handed it over before he went over to the platform where he kept the newest Iron Man suit.
Barton snorted a laugh. "They're not smart enough to think that far ahead. They make it up as they go along. Probably enslave certain groups, reward other groups, make the rest of us cower in fear. I swear it's 'cause most of these guys have Daddy-issues of some kind. Have you ever seen one of these idiots that came from a loving and stable home?"
"Hey, check my legs while you're down there. Did I get all the hair? Holy shit, leg shaving is ridiculous, and I will never give any woman any grief about it ever, ever again. And underarms. What the fuck? Why is there even hair there to begin with?"
(Come to think of it, hadn't his Tony had some odd surgical scars somewhere in the vicinity of where he understood this Tony's — pacemaker? Is that what they called it? — to be? Had his Tony had one of those, too? Had his Tony even been real?)
He blinked, slow, his eyelids so, so heavy, gauntleted hand still to his neck, and he tried to say something to Barnes, but he couldn't seem to get the words out. Barnes just surveyed what he'd done before he took several swift steps over to him and pulled his hand away from his neck then growled when something didn't go his way. He dragged Tony over to the fire stairs and slammed the door open, and he pulled Tony into the light and inspected his neck.
Tony instinctively tucked closer to Steve. Ordinarily, he'd be bound and determined to fight. But ordinarily, he was not several months pregnant with a super soldier's baby.
"Wanna bet?" He motioned Steve back out of the room. "You can play later," he said as he pulled the door so it was only opened a fraction once more. "My ears are still ringing from that shit she pulled last week."
"This is a pointless question," she said, and she couldn't have sounded any more annoyed with them if she'd tried, "but does either one of you have ID?"
He pulled his ring off and handed it to Steve. Steve took it in hand and inspected it, finding, just like his, the numbers 04-24-2014 engraved along with—
"Can you blame her?" Tony asked then pretended to shoot a glance down at Steve's very firm, tight ass, which was difficult to do seeing as he was sitting on it.
Again, it mattered not to the Council that King Anthony would rather share his bed with his closest of advisors. It did, of course, but not in the 'sins of the flesh' way. It mattered in that the Council was utterly convinced that the High Chancellor, a former knight of the King's army called 'Steven,' was merely trying to secure what King Howard had once stupidly promised him as his young ward and apprentice.
But there was a free period of time for it that afternoon. They would just have to go over to her office to use it.
Contraction. Because he was in labor. Because he was pregnant. With the child of Captain America. Even one-year-ago-Tony would never have believed that.
Steve went a little funny at the mention of 'when this happens to you,' a little hesitant or nervous or something like that — like the thought of having to do what Tony was doing didn't sit well with him.
in love before, so he really had no frame of reference for it. He thought about his smile, his manner, the way he walked and the way he talked and the way he looked at Steve like he was the only person in the room. He thought about the easy way they could talk to each other and the easy way they seemed to get each other and understand each other without having to say a word. He supposed, on Tony's part, it was because they had been married for some time, but as Tony had pointed out, he wasn't
He stayed there for he wasn't sure how long, reveling in the time to himself, taking care to soap up a body he hadn't been in contact with in a very long time, which…to be honest was actually kind of weird. Washing down his chest and his junk felt familiar and yet at the same time very foreign to him, and as he stood under the spray and let it hit him square in the face, he realized that, washing his body down, it almost felt like there was something missing — like something didn't seem right or feel right, like something was uncomfortably wrong.
when it came to his sexual preferences, and bottoming required an insane amount of trust. It put one in an inherently vulnerable position, and Tony was not one for putting himself into vulnerable positions. Not intentionally, anyway.
"Steve had a type," he continued after a moment. "Steve always had a type. He always claimed he just wanted a nice, sweet girl to love him, but no," he said and shook his head. "That's not— Steve liked a challenge. Steve came alive when someone challenged him — when someone gave as good as he did. Steve says one thing, but deep down, he means something else — or he did. Like I said, he said he just wanted a nice, sweet girl to settle down with and have a family with, but Steve— That would have been too easy for him. He said it because he was expected to say that. He thought that's what he was supposed to want. But I knew he—"
"Oh, Jesus Christ," Barnes muttered and sank down further into the chair, flesh hand covering his face as he shook his head. "You're just as much of a doofus as he is."
They ate on the communal floor because that was the only floor that had a formal dining table. The holiday décor was less pronounced on the communal floor than it was in the penthouse, less of a theme and more of a mishmash of whatever anyone had wanted to put up. There was a tree that was decorated in lights and a haphazard melee of various styles of ornaments and three different types of garland and four different flavors of candy canes — which Steve thought was absolutely ridiculous. What was wrong with the old standby, peppermint? Why did there need to be a dozen different kinds of candy canes? Steve had been the one to put the tinsel on the tree, everyone else laughing at him for being so antiquated (everyone except Bucky, of course, who thought the tinsel looked nice), but Steve just pulled an 'aw shucks' routine and explained that's how they used to decorate trees back in his day and it would make him happier to do it that way, and so they let him do it, humoring him, for the most part.
Tony thought about playing it casual, but instead, he said, "Honestly? No. I am so fucking horny I don't know what to do with myself, and I had a horrible dream where I was raped by some fucking machine and forced into some life of pregnancy slavery where I was bound and gagged and told that I was good for nothing more than breeding little super soldiers."
Steve nodded, his hands falling away from Olivia's head, and figured that would have to suffice for an answer. Somehow, he had a feeling that it meant a lot more than it seemed on the surface.
Olivia just lay there in her four-in-one highchair that was still at the 'one' stage, sucking on the pacifier as she closed her eyes and seemingly drifted off into sleep.
Rhodey stared at him a moment, glanced to an innocent-looking Tony, then shook his head a little and turned and said, "Oh, hey, what was that Bruce?" before he took the open seat between Tony and Bruce and immediately began to weigh in on whatever discussion was going on with Bruce and Barton.
Steve chuckled a little and said, "They were not crying, Tony. Don't exaggerate. They were just a little nervous I was going to give them an unfavorable review."
He shrugged. "There may just have to be. What about when it comes time to have the baby, huh? You going to make Bruce deliver it?"
laugh — not the way he made you laugh. He fucking adored you, and I didn't understand what the fuck he was doing bringing me into that. Kinda felt like he was showing off to me — like he was trying to show me he'd
," she muttered and went around the island to meet up with Tony, shoulder-checking Steve along the way. "Come on,
He looked away from the mirror and shook his head, flicking the switch 'off' and pushing his way back into the bedroom. Tony was still snoring, though he'd since flopped over, rolling toward Steve's side as he evidently sought out the suddenly missing source of heat. He smiled at him then turned and made his way out of the room, closing the door quietly before he made his way over to the baby's room.
He must have been blushing because he felt heat flood his face, and he willed himself to get his emotions under control as he said, "Yeah."
Steve just stared and nodded, and he took another sip of orange juice. He set the container down on the counter, walked over to Tony, took the sandwich out of his hands and set it aside, and then swept him into his arms like he was going to pull one of those big, sweeping, romantic kisses, Tony bent backwards with Steve's arms securely around him.
He lay back against the pillows Natasha had propped up behind him, panting, two supportive arms braced beneath him as Natasha assured him how well he was doing. He blinked and looked up at the ceiling, two faces above him staring down at him as they waited for him to sum up the strength to start again. Instead, he took a breath, his eyes tracing the line of lights embedded in the ceiling above. Sweat and tears were beading down the sides of his face, and hair that had fallen out of his ponytail was damp and plastered against his forehead and the sides of his head. He was exhausted, achy, and tired, but at the same time, he just wanted to get this fucking thing over with.
Tony reached out and took Steve's hand and gave it a squeeze but didn't say anything. Sometimes he knew Steve just wanted to talk, especially when it concerned his wayward friend.
Steve just stared at him and he exhaled a breath and shoved his hands into his pockets. "I'm a real asshole, aren't I?"
He shrugged but didn't move his hand. "Well, I don't think we really have much of a choice with this, but at the same time, why shouldn't we? Some other Steve and Tony gets an Olivia Louise? Well, we've got James Anthony, and I know he's just as amazing."
He tweaked a smile, and in the same casual and flat tone he'd once told the world he was Iron Man, he said, "I am Tony Stark."
"OK, let the record show that only one of you in this room has any decency, and it's not the one from the forties."
They'd had more frenzied, passionate, intense sex in the week that had followed, but, looking back, nothing had ever matched that strangely accepting feeling that had come over him the first time Steve had ever come inside of him that way. Tony tried not to think about the fact that neither one of them was exactly in their right mind when it had happened. Instead, he thought about how fitting it was that, if the conception had indeed occurred that very first time, the pregnancy should end on the same table it began on.
“Fuck you, Steve,” he said and punched Steve’s shoulder. “This was supposed to be a dirty and kinky afternoon, not a sappy one.”
Bruce made a squeamish face and pulled back a little, and there was a hint of hesitance in his voice as he said, "I don't think we should be talking about this."
"Other women. See how what I know of what you're going through compares." He shrugged. "That's all."
Steve came with a choked groan, and Tony felt the warm flood of release filling him inside. Steve worked himself through the jerky and arrhythmic thrusts of the aftershocks until he couldn't hold himself up any longer, and after a few moments, he collapsed to the side of him, his softening cock slipping out of Tony with a rather unsexy squelch. Steve gasped and panted a few times, and Tony reached over and said, "Feel better, old man?"
indicated she was a native to somewhere in the tri-state area) before she pulled away and then frowned as she glanced around.
"I'm actually kind of surprised you're surprised." Barton said. "They pull this shit at home. Why shouldn't they pull it here?"
Hill twitched a flat smile like he'd just confirmed her suspicions, and Steve stared at him and said a firm and terse, "Where were you when you said this?"
His daughter now presentable, he finished cleaning up then picked her up and settled her against his chest before he carried her out of the room, whispering a quiet, "Shh! Papa's still sleeping. Let's let Papa sleep for a little while longer," as he carried her past his and Tony's room and over to the steps.
"I sincerely hope so," he muttered as Steve came back with a package of saltines, and Tony tore into them and began to crunch on them. He muttered out a crackery 'thank you' to Steve, who ran gentle fingers through Tony's hair and assured Tony he didn't have to thank him for anything.
Steve let go of his chin then reached back and threaded his fingers through the silken strands of Tony's long, thick waves.
Barnes continued to shake his head. "No, it— It feels…OK," he said, almost like he was surprised at the fact that the words were actually earnest.
Steve huffed out a breath and threw off the covers, and Tony saw then he was partially hard. He ran his gaze over the outline of Steve's cock, and Steve got out of the bed and walked over to him, crowding him, and Tony felt every bit of their five-inch difference in heights as he did so.
"Hmm? Nothing," he said, going for jaunty and hoping he came off, at the very least, as blasé. "Unlike some people, I actually hang up my towels after I use them."
Tony sighed out a breath and grimaced at a slightly sharper pain than he'd been accustomed to. Natasha watched him and then, when she'd judged the pain had passed for him, said, "You OK?"
Steve rolled his eyes and folded his arms while Sam snorted a laugh. "You really think Cap would let you get within five feet of the princess like that?"
"She's called herself that," Steve said and reached out to grab his tablet again. "She was kind of groaning about it at the time, but—"
He opened the jar but was relieved to see that it didn't appear as though the preserves had begun to break down any.
The doors closed, and Thor smiled and said, "My friend, as I mentioned before, there is something I wish to discuss with you."
"Oh, only until it's born." She waved a dismissive hand at him. "Standard procedure. Don't be so dramatic, Son of Odin. You know full-well that's how it works."
" Wilson agreed, more excited by the idea than anyone his age had any right to be. "That's what I'm saying!"
"Tony? Tony, it's OK," Romanoff said, her voice oddly soothing, even if it was a little jarring to hear her use his first name. "We're here for you. We're not going to abandon you. And Clint's not going to make any more jokes about this."
He stood back up again and turned, startling as he seemingly remembered that Barnes was still sitting there. He chewed on his lip a moment and furrowed his brow, and then he said, 'Captain America' leeching into his tone, "Buck, how would you like to—"
Tony whirled around to where Barnes was now rising off the couch, and he walked around and met up with them, anger now covering what once had looked haunted.
Barton's voice cut out as JARVIS switched off the public line, and Tony reached out and grabbed hold of Steve's wrist to stop him. "Hey," he said softly and waited for Steve to turn to him. "Tell me what I can do."
"What? What are you doing? What's that?" And then, he realized. "Hey, whoa! Security breach! That's not for you to read."
"Buck asked me if I was going to be OK with that — with seeing that, with being there for that. Where we come from — the time we originally come from — that wasn't— That didn't happen. Fathers stayed in the waiting room. They passed out cigars when the nurse came in and told them whether it was a boy or a girl. They didn't let you hold the baby. I'm not even sure if they let you see your wife for very long. It was such a…" He blew out a breath. "So Buck wanted to know if I'd be able to handle that because it wasn't— That's how it works
"Oh," Pepper said with an easy nod, and Tony didn't know what it said about their lives now that she could so easily accept that and not bat an eyelash at it.
He went to deny the charge but then decided it wasn't worth it to argue with him, and together, he and Steve cut into the cake that had been intended for someone else, the others 'aww'ing at the gesture and snapping pictures.
"To a degree," he said then wondered why he was even bothering to listen to anything this dick was saying.
Steve pulled away and went back to fixing himself another bagel. "Because!" He motioned over Tony like that explained everything.
"Tony!" Steve called out behind him, and he turned just as he hit the elevator to see Steve standing just outside the kitchen.
Olivia began to fuss in Pepper's arms, and Pepper gasped and said, "I didn't do anything! Honest!" as she tried to give some comfort to the newly-squawking baby shaking unhappy fists in the air.
"I know you can," Steve said over him, keeping him from finishing his thought. "I know you can. But like I was saying, I only want you to be happy. You being safe and protected makes
"Steve? Stop it. I know what I'm doing, and I know that this…is going to come back with exactly the readings we want."
"If you insist," Tony said with a shrug and slunk off the bed. He reached behind and undid the zipper then unhooked the halter band and slid the dark red fabric down his body until it pooled at the floor. Standing in his black-and-red bustier, garter belt, and stockings, he turned to Steve and put his hands to his hips. "This enough, or you want me to…?"
"I thought people didn't care about that sort of stuff nowadays?" Steve asked through a mouthful of fried rice.
Steve didn't have to be told twice, and after some finagling, they were able to get themselves situated and comfortable, Steve spooned up behind Tony, his one leg sharing real estate with the pillow in the space between Tony's legs. Actually, it was a good thing Steve's leg was there. The pillow alone just wasn't cutting it tonight.
"Well," he said and spun the chair some to look back at Steve. "If this is really happening, if I'm really having this kid, or if this doesn't work out to our benefit—"
"It's kind of what you said," Natasha said with a shrug. "Sorry. You can probably blame the hormones for it, though."
He frowned, his eyes still closed, and stretched out in the bed. It didn't feel like his — like it was too small or something — and he couldn't usually hear what was going on in the kitchen when he was upstairs in the bedroom.
He wasn't sure how long he lay there before someone hit the manual release on the faceplate, and he squinted at the bright assault of sunlight to his eyes before Barton's shit-eating grin came into view.
Not something he needed to mention to Steve, though, as Steve wouldn't take well to it, and as they approached their destination, men running, arrows flying, lightning flashing, Wilson…doing whatever it was he did, Steve yelled to him, "Is he in there?"
But then he remembered why they were even down in the garage in the first place, and, out of habit, he glanced up at the ceiling and said, “Wait, Buck and Sam are up there with her, JARVIS. Can’t they—”
Bruce continued to say something after that, but Tony didn't pay attention to him. He focused all his attention on the mewling newborn resting on his chest, and he stroked gentle fingers down her back and said, "So, you're the one that space nut says I need more than anything."
one? There's nothing wrong with it." He grimaced as he looked at the mess over his shirt and pajama pants. "We can just…wash it up somehow. It'll be fine."
As Bruce muttered something about that not being a visual he needed, Natasha smiled down at Tony and said, "Oh, I think there's more to it than that." She reached down and grabbed hold of his arm to pull him upright. "Come on, Shellhead. I'll whip you up a nice cup of chamomile and then you can go sleep it off for a little while."
Jim snorted a laugh at that, and he went over and unfolded his arms to rest his hands on Tony's shoulders.
Thinking maybe Steve had turned in early after their fight, he went upstairs into the bedroom, but the bedclothes were completely untouched.
Tony just sat at his computer and stared at the screen, letting the light from the monitor burn into his retinas as he thought, once again, about the very last time he ever saw his parents alive, and he got lost in the swirl of colors that blended together as his eyes relaxed until he felt a pressure on his shoulder. He gasped and jumped, pulled away from that fateful Christmas of so long ago, and he turned to see Barnes standing beside him, his flesh-and-bone hand on his shoulder, those cloudy, blue eyes looking down at him, and Tony saw the ghosts of the past swirling in his haunted irises.
"I guess she's not," Bruce said, holding a towel in his hand like the proverbial hat-in-hand, "but did you ever wonder— I mean, outside of me yelling at you, did you ever think for a moment if this was—"
Steve turned to glance back at him. "What's that from? Clint said that to me back when this whole thing first started."
Steve looked to Rhodey for explanation, but Rhodey just put a hand up and shook his head a little as though to say it wasn't important or worth the time to explain, and Tony watched him a moment before he said, "Hey."
Bruce moved his hand from the back of his neck to hold the mug in both hands, like it was somehow doing something to calm him and maybe keep the Other Guy at bay. "I'm sorry,
"OK, calm down," he said. "You know more about this stuff than I do, so…" He heaved out a sigh. "So, what? We just let something that awful happen?"
She smiled a little and stepped closer, and Tony cradled the baby closer and turned slightly so as to shield her from the nut that had
Tony motioned at the blank TV. "You know it won a bunch of Academy Awards in 1965 or '66 or whatever. Uh, '66, I think, 'cause I think it came out in '65."
Steve glanced at the clock on the microwave. "Not unless things have changed since I went in the ice and eight o'clock in the morning is a good time to go out on a date."
Steve shot him a look, but Tony ignored it as Bruce explained, "My friend with the gallery. Her friend, Tony, is the nephew of the woman that took the pictures."
Tony rolled his eyes. "You know what I mean. Stop acting like New York is the 'big magical city' at the end of the yellow brick road."
Tony snorted a laugh and shook his head. "You're fucking nuts. You— There is probably no one under seventy that would agree with you. Actually, no, scratch that. There is probably no one under seventy that would even
"Oh. Oh, well, you know," the guy said and leaned against the wall beside the door, "if you want, we could always see about getting a
"Something like that," Natasha murmured. "I'm not sure even you can drag this out long enough for them to finish up and get back home."
Wait, was the Cap flirting with him? No. No, Cap was straight as an arrow. He wasn't flirting. Cap didn't flirt. Not with the likes of him, anyway.
"Anyway," he said and turned back around. "Any more questions before we get started with our fun and educational class about how to shove a sack of potatoes out of your—"
He laughed like he didn't believe him. "Sure. Come on," he said and made a motion to put his arm around Tony's shoulder, but Tony ducked away quickly and said, "Look, save your breath and your time. I'm seeing someone."
it. Tony actually thought it was a pittance considering the circumstances and Steve really should have bargained for more. They
Barnes just blatantly ignored him and turned his attention to Natasha. "You want to come to Arlington with us?"
"It was still television," Steve said with a shrug. "You're also not the first talking robot man I ever saw."
He whistled a little and set it on the counter, and from her perch at the table, Olivia leaned over a little and said, "That's not the right one, Papa."
Steve, and, so help me god, if I don't get him back in a timely fashion, there is going to be hell to pay."
Steve stood there and nodded before he reached out and snagged a gentle hold of Tony's left hand. Tony let him, and he brought the hand up to his lips and kissed the diamond and sapphire ring that sat on his finger. "How 'bout 'Natalie,' then?" he said, going past Tony's lament about his lack of choice and pulling the hand away from his mouth. "It's feminine, right? No one calls Nat that. Or how 'bout even 'Antonia'?"
Steve figured asking what a galactic cosmonaut was would be a bad move. Somehow, he knew laughing and brushing off Tony's concern would be the right one.
She shrugged. "Sometimes. He hasta go to th' board sometimes, and sometimes he forgets to 'cause he's playin' with me 'n' Maddie, and then An' Pepper calls 'im and yells at 'im about it, and he tells her he's sorry an' to buy herself new shoes on him. What's that mean?"
"Don't be sorry. Nothing to be sorry about," Tony said. "Happens all the time. When you get back, remind me to explain the horror of 'butt dialing' to you."
"Papa's always like that!" she said like they should know better. "He's the one tha' feeds us 'n' makes sure we gots stuff. Right, Papa? You're Daddy's little homemaker. That's what you say."
movie — the good one, not the crap one — with Thor and Bruce taking up the other pieces of furniture. Barton and Romanoff, it turned out, had fucked off with Wilson to god-knows-where because there'd been a 'Bucky sighting,' and Steve had given them the go-ahead to check it out, leaving just the four of them for the duration.
had been it. This had been the defining moment in time, where you'd come to a fork in the road and had had to make a choice, and that choice — that one choice — had led you down this path to where you were today.
to celebrate with him. He marveled at this — at this disparate group of people that, five years ago, he could not have imagined putting up with beyond however long it took to take the picture.
them, but I just...I don't have the same kind of rapport with them like other people do. I never really... It was never something I wanted. It was never something I thought I'd be. So, I'm sorry that I'm not Ward fucking Cleaver, all right? Right now, all I care about is..."
Tony just sighed. "Whatever. Where do I go for this shit? Can I just have JARVIS do it and send it to you?"
experience, really. In fact, overall, morning sickness and weight gain and Barton perving on his breasts aside, it had been a rather enjoyable experience.
"Doubt it," Steve said. "Nat and I have discussed this. We don't think there's 'one' Hydra any longer. Just—"
Rhodey just shook his head a little. "I never said you didn't," he said as the band came back from the break they'd taken and started up another old standard.
The previous anger with himself coming back to the forefront of his mind, he stormed into the kitchen and then began to bang pots and pans and various other apparatus around as he looked for something to make himself. Fuck Steve. If he was hungry, he could burn or boil something himself.
Tony sat on the edge of the tub, the shower water running behind him, and looked up at Steve, who stared down at him in confusion, face flushed and
"Don't want eternity if I don't have my family," he said with a shake of his head and folded his arms.
Romanoff was as lost as he was, but Barton just walked around to the head of the bed and braced himself over Tony like he was trying to match his line of sight to Tony's. "Stark, you and Cap… you, uh, you experimented back when you got turned into a woman a couple months ago, didn't you?"
Tony set the mugs and the cookies down on the coffee table, and he groaned and rolled his eyes and muttered a, "Fuck, I'll be right back," and went back toward the kitchen.
Thor continued to prattle on about all the merriment Steve could find on a trip to Asgard, but he stopped in the middle of unwrapping his left hand and stared at Thor a moment, attempting to process the words he was speaking. He got to a certain point with them — a point he didn't much care for — and as Thor continued to go on about...something...Steve said, "Wait, wait, hold on. What was that about—"
"I don't know," he said a little too quickly, and Tony could tell from his tone that he was lying through his teeth. It wasn't so much that he didn't know. He more didn't want to face what had been said, and Tony contemplated this a moment before he said, "J, switch me and the Cap over to the private comm line."
Jesus Christ, is this what other people saw when they saw him and Steve? OK, he suddenly couldn't blame any of the complaints that had been made about how…schmoopy they were with each other. It was kind of…cute but annoying to watch.
"No," Pepper said as she typed something into her phone. "No, she ambushed you. It wasn't your fault."
The clerk took in the exchange and remained quiet a moment before he said, "I remember that day, a couple years ago, when that alien wormhole opened up and those alien creatures were destroying Midtown. Nothing's been the same since that day. So many crazy things out in the world anymore. Guess I can't really be surprised that something like
"Yeah, well," Barton said and grabbed a slice of toast from the stacked pile on the tabletop, "you could do a better job of showing it."
Tony glanced up at him, a twinkle in his eyes and a smirk on his lips. "Trying to tell me something, old man?"
Steve started to nod then gave a curt shake of his head. "No," he said, like it was the definitive word on the matter. "No, it's not."
Jesus. Was this really what he'd been reduced to? Having a one-sided conversation with a half-formed parasite growing inside of him?
Tony set Olivia down on the carpeted floor of the utilitarian-styled bedroom. If he hadn't known the Cap had stayed there the previous week, he would have said it had never been used. There was no decoration, and at first glance, no personal effects. It looked as staid and barren as a cheap hotel room (or not cheap, thank you very much; Pepper had exquisite taste), and he put his hands on his hips and looked around the room as he tried to figure where the Cap would have stashed his supplies. He wouldn't have trashed them, would he? On principle. Not because
(He later found that Steve wasn't just sketching robots and military-grade armors; he'd been sketching Tony as well and had been for some time. He still did sketch Tony, but now that he didn't have to hide it, Tony knew exactly when he was doing it and usually ended up ruining the whole thing by trying to model for him in either goofy or provocative poses. Steve actually threw his pencil at him one time. Then they'd had sex. Honestly, it was a win for everyone.)
Tony hummed a little and said, "That's sweet. Well, if you want to know—" he put a hand to his belly, "—that bullshit you just pulled with the tickling woke up the little monster, so now I've got that to deal with. I've kind of been a little bloated lately? Which is probably because I'm kind of constipated. And my joints ache like a
He started fiddling with the replacement arrows he'd left there. "The shower-thing? Where I said why don't you join me and you looked like I'd just asked you to murder puppies with a plastic knife."
But Steve continued to rub his belly, and he said, "I think I remember something about something we were going to do when we got back to the cabin before? Sorry it didn't work out but, uh, if you're up to it later on maybe? I'd very much like to watch."
Tony shrugged. "I don't know, J," he replied. "She is Steve's kid, and you know what kind of a glutton he is about that sort of thing."
She turned back to her phone and continued to type something, her thumbs slamming against the screen like she was trying to take her frustrations out on her phone.
"Do you hear that?" Tony said and motioned to the screaming, wriggly newborn in his arms. "Look, clearly you are unfamiliar with what that sound means, but I can tell you without question that sound means the tiny little person in my arms that can't do a goddamned thing for herself yet is hungry and would like me to feed her."
"It's just part of the mission," she explained like it was an everyday occurrence to her. She then turned to Tony and said, "Sorry, Stark. You're just not my type no matter what body you're in."
He thought then of a chirpy, childish voice talking about 'Anna Tasha' and 'Unca Bucky,' and he thought it strange how well so many things could line up and still not be exactly
"Hell yeah! Stevie, I love you, but you're an idiot. Someone's got to make sure you're not doing something stupid like…throwing yourself out of a plane without a parachute."
"Actually," Tony said, exhaling a deep, calming breath as he directed his answer to the entire peanut gallery that was suddenly intrigued by Rhodey's question, "we're kind of taking each other's names."
Natasha took it in hand, gingerly holding it by the edges as she opened the folder to reveal the service portrait of Steve's father. She blinked, her eyebrows raising up to her hairline, before she set curious and amazed eyes on Tony.
This time, Natasha shrugged. "And yet, picking the right girl's name seems to be more important to you."
He hit the button to play the message and all but groaned as he heard Clint's voice come over the line.
"I'd rather not find out," he said with a resigned breath before he continued his train of thought. "I think Sharon would be a good fit for the team, too. She's good, she's smart—"
About the only upside Tony could see to that at the moment was that Barton had lost his stupid fucking bet.
"Yeah, but then I had to touch it up because it doesn't last. I mean look, I get why men shave their faces. We'd all look like burly mountain men if we didn't—"
— and then you'd do it again. You'd take the plug out and you'd plunge into me again, hard and thick and fast and make me hold myself up on all fours while you took me, while you plunged into me, while you forced me to take all of you, and you'd come in me again, force me to take even more of your—
It was stupid. It was fucking stupid, and he knew it was fucking stupid, but Jesus Christ, he was an
everything is? You did hear that, right? You heard her say how perfect I was? Right, Steve? I'm perfect."
not going without one of these suckers at all. You ever start squirting liquid out of those firm pecs of yours, you'll understand."
Her phone began to buzz, and she pulled it out and checked the readout. "And so it begins," she muttered and answered it, "Hill," before taking off to another corner of the room, and Tony turned to Pepper.
At that, he bounced the little gummy-mouthed infant in his arms that — Steve didn't care what Tony said — was never going to be a graduate of MIT, but Steve glanced over and couldn't help but smile at the gurgle of laughter his little baby girl let out.
She beamed up at him, eyes wide and innocent and shining with love, and Tony just shook his head some. Seriously, that Cap and Tony were pathetic.
Tony tried to swallow it all, but Steve always seemed to have ridiculous amount of come, and he felt come and saliva leak out of his mouth and dribble down his chin even as he tried to swallow. Steve thrust a few more times then slid his cock out of Tony's mouth, spit and come gathering on his lips and dripping down his chin.
There was also something a bit strangely… Well, to be honest, there was almost something about this man that reminded Tony a little of Steve — whether it was the shape of his dark eyes or the cut of his jaw or the breadth of his shoulders.
"Look, you didn't hear Endora's acid-tripping sister, but Steve and I are 'soul mates,' and that has to count for something, right? That
"Good girl," Steve said and gathered up the spit and come that had dribbled down his chin on his finger and offered it to him. Tony swallowed, his throat a little raw, but still kept his eyes locked with Steve's as he reached out and sucked the fluids off his finger. Steve sucked in a shaky breath, but he exhaled it in a more confident and assured manner, and when Steve had finished cleaning him up, he stroked a finger down his cheek and said, "You were very, very good, Antonia. So good." He ran the pad of his thumb over Tony's lips. "So, very, very good, Antonia. You ready for the second round?"
Rhodey turned immediately, almost like he was readying up for a fight of some kind, and he stuttered out a few non-responses before he turned back to whatever dumb shit Barton and Bruce were discussing.
"But that's what would happen. That's how it would happen," Steve said and stepped forward, dropping his arms as he tried out another threatening pose, hands balled into fists at his side. "If you let his continue — if you don't undo what you've done to him — that's what's going to happen to him. They're going to have to gut him to get this out of him, and they're not going to know the first thing of how to do it because this doesn't happen here. Fellas don't have babies. They're not made for that. Dame—
Steve watched him for a moment and then, satisfied, let go of Tony's legs a moment and gently pulled his hands away so that he could mouth at Tony's breasts, kissing the soft flesh of each, suckling at the teats, nipping ever-so-lightly at the sensitive and erect peaks, then began to kiss a line from his breastbone down to his abdomen, dragging the tip of his tongue down the exposed flesh to just above the mound of pubic hair where he stopped and nosed at the rounded and swollen flesh that bore the hallmarks of a new life growing within. He kissed the small bump and then, meeting Tony's eyes for a brief moment, moved down even further and licked around the engorged and heretofore ignored nub of his clit.
He clamped his mouth shut at that and shook his head and muttered something under his breath that Tony couldn't make out before he started talking again.
Tony's jaw dropped, and his spoon clattered against the bowl as it slipped out of his hand. "OK, first of all, can I get that on video? Seriously, no one else will ever believe those words came out of your mouth without you stumbling and stuttering and turning fifty shades of red."
They both went quiet again, and Tony looked over to the window and watched the raindrops cascade down the glass, and he swallowed and thought this might spoil everything, but he needed it to be said. He needed to clear the air with Steve.
Bruce and Natasha and even Thor shrugged their agreement. Barton just said, "Yeah, nobody told me about this until five minutes ago."
He didn't bother to read the article. He clicked the link for a related video, and he got up and finished getting dressed as he waited for it to load, pausing the video so he wouldn't have to suffer through it buffering every two seconds. He tightened his belt, clipped his tie, buttoned his cuffs, brushed his hair, and grabbed his name badge, all before the video had even loaded halfway.
Steve gave a curt shake of his head. "Didn't say that," he said and bit into the toast as he went back to his tablet.
Tony pushed away from the computer and rolled over to another table to grab his soldering iron. "Yeah, I know that. Barnes is his buddy. Nothing more. I just feel a little…"
"I don't know," Pepper replied. "I'm not sure he's been to a foundation gala in five years. Why he would chose to come this year…"
knowing my business. OK? So, it's easy for you two to stand there and make judgments and tell me what you want me to do—" he let out a nervous laugh, "—and, again, I have no say in anything. I have no choice. I'm a fucking pawn for
Tony nodded his understanding and went about changing into the pajamas Steve had brought for him. He yawned again and sat down on the bed when he was done, and he stretched a little and thought about sitting up and waiting for Steve, but the bed was actually comfier than it had originally looked, and he hadn't exactly gotten four hours of
"Because clearly I have to change the locks on the doors because you people don't seem to realize that the penthouse is not the 'common area.' There is literally a common floor for everyone to congregate on, and nobody uses it."
"James Anthony," they replied in unison, which seemed to surprise their breakfast mates, if the collective startle back from the table was anything to go by.
. Maybe it was stupid to even potentially let himself get worked up over that, but it was hard not to because it was completely one hundred percent unfiltered sentiment. Olivia might know how to get her way, and Tony didn't doubt for a second she knew how to lie, but this wasn't a lie, and this wasn't her trying to get her way. This was a little girl spending quality time with her papa and telling him that she loved him and adored him in the best way she understood how.
Thor nodded, Mjolnir still in hand. "That is precisely why I called for you. I understand, Mistress, you sought nothing more than to aid in the bond between the Captain and what you perceive to be his bonded, but I must ask you to remove the spell you have lain upon the mighty Man of Iron."
It was the third edible waffle into the process (his first efforts had been too raw or too burnt respectively) when Rhodey found his way into the kitchen, and he just stood beside Tony and watched him pour the batter onto the iron before he shook his head and sat down in the chair adjacent to Olivia.
"I don't ever, ever want to hear you people piss and moan about what we do ever again. You hear me?" he said as he and Steve made the second cut together.
was OK when cola wasn't, but Steve shrugged and said, "You wanted a chocolate shake," before he dunked a fry in ketchup and shoved it in his mouth.
The one bad thing about having long hair was that it took quite a long time to air dry, and so he ran some styling balm through it and pulled out the hair dryer and set to work blowing it out. The other thing was that his hair was such that if he didn't use any sort of product in it, then it looked like shit, and it added a little more weight to his hair (which was thick and heavy enough the way it was), but he had to admit it looked damned good when he did it.
" he snapped as though Bruce had just levied the highest of insults upon him. "What the hell does that mean?"
"Now you've done it," Natasha murmured to Barton, hiding her smile behind her glass, and Barton put a hand up to caution Thor against jumping to any misinformed conclusions.
He did what he needed to in the bathroom then went downstairs to the kitchen and saw a yellow sticky posted to the front of the cold and unused coffeemaker.
It was after the movie had ended and they were debating whether or not to watch the empire strike back when there was an odd disturbance in the force. Tony felt a buzzing of sorts in the air, and the glassware behind the bar began to rattle. It almost sounded like a freight train was barreling through, some low rumble coming from seemingly nowhere. He exchanged a glance with the others, and it was when he finally turned to Thor that he saw Thor stand, Mjolnir at the ready.
somehow present in Steve's DNA, and if it is, then it's in that baby, and it's in you, and I just… I don't know how it would react to drugs like that. And not just for your sake— Or maybe for your sake because I don't know what it might do to the baby, and if anything happens to that baby before the moment it's born—"
Steve just nodded and finished fastening his helmet before he jumped, sans parachute, and Tony ran over to the open loading hatch and yelled after him, "
Tony tilted his head at her, making a face like he wasn't sure how to take her words, as Barnes said, "I'm gonna say 'no,'" evidently in answer to Tony's question.
Bruce startled a bit as he put the sandwich fixings away, but he regained control of the situation and said, "How long has he been gone?"
He groaned and shook his head before he threw his hands up again like he was admitting defeat once more.
Well, if the dumb bastard hadn't been watching the news the past couple months, it was his own too-bad.
Tony went to respond, but he spotted an innocent-looking Barton standing just behind Bruce, still twirling that small, wrapped box in his hands, and realization dawned as he turned back to Bruce.
far from the worst thing. And it's definitely… It's been kind of interesting discovering a completely different side of myself that I didn't even realize was there, but I'm kind of digging now. Plus, and I probably shouldn't say this to complete strangers, but let's just say I'm married to a man that loves me and is
He groaned a little and rolled his eyes. "What I'm saying is I was infatuated with an image, not the man behind the image. I didn't
Natasha stroked his hair some more. "Why don't you get some sleep? She's napping. They say you're supposed to nap when they're napping."
Oh. Right. Cabin. Finger Lakes. Accidentally told some reporter he was pregnant with Captain America's kid.
"Drinking out of the carton of orange juice is bad, but you're perfectly fine with me filling you up with a 'metric ton' of come?"
Steve turned his attention from the display and looked down to see Tony typing something onto the phone.
The witch braced her elbows on the table and pressed her fingertips together as though forming a steeple with her hands.
She just looked at him and nodded once like she was taking his comments into consideration and would weigh them with the evidence she'd collected, but she nodded her head toward the bed and said, "Sleep. I mean it. You're overtired, and you're not thinking straight. Have you heard from Steve since you left him— Incidentally, where did you leave him?"
Steve stared at it a moment before shook his head. "Whatever," he murmured before he turned and left to take a shower. Tony would have followed, but he was too comfortable where he was, and besides, someone had to run the show.
He frowned as he followed Tony back down the stairs. "That's a terrible attitude to take to a child."
He made sure to steady himself then continued, "That was— It happened— It was a while ago, Brucie. Two years ago now. I'm not— I don't even think about it. I don't even care."
He shook his head, breaking the gaze with the woman fifty-years-dead and turned to see Bruce waving him over. He left the odd connection with the dead woman and followed over to where Bruce was standing in front of a portrait of Jimi Hendrix, who, yeah, was awesome, Tony had to admit, but Tony didn't really care about the so-called 'artistry' in a black-and-white photograph.
"A waffle iron that makes waffles that look like Cap's shield, I guess," he said with a shrug. "She gets a kick out of them."
"I did not call you 'fat'!" Steve said with a laugh. "Stop that. Bruce is going to think you're being serious."
Tony gazed into Steve's earnest expression, crystalline blue eyes that burned with lust and with a plea to trust him. He glanced down to the collar in Steve's hand, and he knew if he agreed to this, there was a very good possibility Steve could be wrong, that he would
He took the squirming newborn in his arms and cradled her to his chest, and he looked at the assorted 'freak show' that surrounded him and said, "I'm cool with it if you guys are."
Natasha reached out and put her hand on his arm. "Nothing," she said and gave it a squeeze. "You just voiced the complaint of pretty much every single woman since the dawn of the modern era."
He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes and rubbed hard. How was this even…? How did this even happen to…?
"She's younger, I guess. Olivia called her a 'baby.'" He sighed. "Then again, Olivia wasn't confused at all to see me…" He shook his head. "Whatever. Doesn't mean anything. Doesn't matter. Not our life, so who cares?"
Steve let out a silent sigh and watched as Tony sat down at his computer and began to click and swipe at various things. It wasn't that he didn't want Tony's help, it was just…
"No, I do," he countered and wiped off the worktop of the station. "You don't realize how filthy it gets down here. It hasn't had a thorough cleaning since, well, it got redone after Loki and Jolly Green smashy-smashied the building on me."
Steve shrugged. "That's OK," he said and settled into one of the chairs, Olivia balanced in the crook of his arm as he set about feeding her the bottle, her small hands slapped against either side of the bottle as she helped to hold it.
"Seriously, Steve, my blood pressure can't take this shit. Would you learn to use a fucking parachute?"
'Natasha,' though Tony got the feeling those were mostly people that fantasized about somehow hooking up with Steve themselves. And then there was a very small but loyal band of supporters there were absolutely crushed that their #Superhusbands were no more. Which, honestly, was kind of a weird tag, especially considering that, according to Natasha, it clearly predated his and Steve's marriage back in April…that no one outside of them, the city clerk, and a small band of deputy clerks even knew about.
He found it and secured the belt. Strange having to wear a belt in a car. Not that he'd been in very many cars in his lifetime, but he'd never had to strap himself into one.
They settled in, sipping their juice, Tony running light and soothing fingers through Steve's hair, and Steve closed his eyes and finally allowed himself to accept that he didn't just want to stay there a little while longer—
Tony glanced to the side and spotted what he figured had been the temporal disturbance. He couldn't get a good look at the woman, but he saw a red-tinged portal swarming off to the side — oh, god, not now, deep breaths — and over what sounded like an alarm and destruction of some kind, an accented voice spoke a low warning of, "Steven, we don't have much time."
But Tony waved off his concern before he could say anything more. "Water under the bridge, Cap. Don't even worry—"
that I don't enjoy proving you people wrong on a daily basis," Tony said as he strolled into the kitchen later that morning, the rest of the Avengers gathered around the island and, oh, didn't it just figure that
Tony blinked, perplexed at this sudden and questionable change of heart. "And what reason could you possibly have for issuing what might be the stupidest order you've ever given?"
He heard Steve suck in an audible breath, and the doctor nodded like he'd merely confirmed what she already believed and said, "I wish I could recommend a support group for you, but to be honest, I don’t believe there's any in existence for your…unique situation."
"I am not cut out for this shit," he muttered and made to grab a glass out of the cabinet. "Not that one!" she cried. "My Elsa one!"
It was for things like this that a part of him thought or wondered, for few and brief moments, if whatever had happened in that other universe (because there was just no way it was his actual, real future; it couldn't be; not with no arc reactor and a daughter not named 'Maria') could actually happen here. Or, if not that exact future, then something like it. Because Rhodey was right. It was much easier to tell himself that it wasn't real, that it couldn't happen, that it wasn't his life than it was to admit that there was a part of him deep down that
He kept talking, but Tony sighed a little and sank back against the couch. He rested his head against the cushion, and he closed his eyes and blocked out what Steve was saying and instead tried to tell himself that he wasn't a prisoner and he didn't have to stay in this big, ugly building because he was a wanted…woman. Yeah, definitely a 'woman.' That's what he looked like, wasn't it? A woman, one wanted by every media outlet in the country and then some for an 'exclusive' interview about just
Christmas music was still playing on the radio, but Steve had effectively learned how to tune it out by this point, instead focusing more on the road noise and the passing scenery. It still amazed him how prevalent Christmas lights were, how so many people seemed to go all out with them, and how
"Kinda feeling bad about everything," Barnes added. He looked down at Tony. "I don't think he realized just how difficult this whole thing has really been for you."
God, how could he have been so stupid as to go outside? Or be seen with anyone with any remote ties to Tony Stark? He should never have done it. Should never have asked Steve to go on a date with him. Should have stayed in the building and just lived in his lab until this whole thing was over and he had his old body back again. Because bad things happened to Tony Stark, and bad things happened to people that associated with Tony Stark.
"Yeah, well, I heard about your little hex. Just don't think it's something you should be doing. Cap finds out I let you do it, yeah, well, let's just say there'll be no living with him for a while."
He marked 'Caucasian' for both sides, went through the list of genetic risk factors and didn't see anything that he thought matched him or Steve (the pre-serum Steve, not the post-serum slice of beefcake) then went down to the section that asked about the father. He snorted a laugh, jotted down '37' for the father's age and then, where it asked for the father's health status and medical issues was very, very tempted to write 'government experiment from the '40s that survived being frozen in a glacier for 70 years — you tell me' but instead just wrote 'excellent/no issues' because, well, right
He stared at her a moment, attempting to parse her words and their meaning, and something funny twinged in his chest as he let himself draw his thoughts and what he felt was Esmeralda's meaning to their natural conclusion.
"OK," he said and kissed Tony's forehead one more time then went back over to the door. He stopped just as he was about to cross the threshold and turned back to Tony. "Hey," he said, his face completely serious. "I love you."
She shook her head, her little blonde ponytail all askew, hair both sticking up in the air and falling out of the band. "Daddy's OK. You're a
But they had never done it when Tony was like this. Not that first week he had been turned into a woman, and not in any of the time since he'd been turned into one again. To be honest, he wasn't sure Steve would even
He wasn't sure he came — at that time, he wasn't really sure what an orgasm should feel like in that kind of body — but he knew Steve had. He could feel the warm release flood into him afterward, and, funnily enough, it was almost as though
Steve bit his lips to keep from snorting out a laugh as Stark remembered that he was supposed to be fighting what Steve was doing.
"Sorry, honey bun," Tony said with a sigh, "but it seems to have stopped for the time being. I promise I'll let you know if it happens again, though."
, gestation, but he couldn't have prepared himself for how desperately he needed to have his wants fulfilled by this man standing before him. It wasn't just sex he needed, it was sex with
The future. The future with all its bells and whistles and gadgets and gizmos. The future with its giant screens (in color!) and even faster pace than he'd remembered — with its never-ceasing forms of communication. The future. The bright, sparkling land of opportunity that he and Bucky used to dream about. The future, and all he wanted was to close his eyes and go back to the ice, go back to the grave he'd been stolen from, go back to where he was or had the potential to be
He closed up the file on Tony Stark and sat back in his chair, staring at the peeks of early- morning sunlight slipping in through the blinds. Whatever that dream had been, like he'd told himself once upon a time, it wasn't worth dwelling on a fiction, especially now that he knew how fictional it really was.
Something weird and painful hit him in the chest as he thought about this — something that felt an awful lot like hurt. "You mean he'd rather be out hunting Hydra goons than go through this with me."
They sat there quietly, Pepper frowning, almost like they had run out of words to say, but she soon reached out and took his hand, and she laughed a little and said, "Wow, it's so weird."
Steve raked his gaze over Tony's very naked body, and he looked back up and met his gaze and said, "Especially like that."
And again, he also had not a damned thing on him to defend himself with. You know, maybe it was time to look into something like portable gauntlets or something. And maybe he could have Natasha show him some maneuvers befitting his current form, something to aid him if someone or some
"Power's been out in the city about eighteen hours now," Natasha said. "Not looking like it's coming back any time soon. Had to set up a food and water station down in the lobby."
Tony to stay Antonia, to make like he was a woman inside and out, no matter how much he insisted to the contrary.
"Oh, my god!" another woman gasped, slapping a hand to her mouth. "You mean you're having an alien's baby?"
"Iron Cap," she repeated, drowsiness evident in her voice. "I always sleep with Iron Cap. Did that man take it?"
. He was a fucking old man with a misshapen and scarred chest and graying hair and a flabby gut and this —
Cap smiled at him, again that soft, intimate one he'd only seen for the first time last week. "And it sounds like her daddy might have come to adore her as well?"
When they got to the café, Tony donned a pair of wire-rimmed, rose-tinted sunglasses, and after Happy had pulled into an empty space at the curb, he followed Pepper out of the car and into the small establishment. He started to ask her to stick around for a while so they could soak up the scenery, but she just smiled and checked her watch and said, "I know. Some other time. Board meeting, remember?"
there was no excuse for it. There was no reason in the world for this to be as god-awfully painful as it was, and he understood now why some reactionary sorts implied pregnancy and childbirth was a woman's punishment for daring to have sex.
Tony just shook his head, and he took another sip from his own glass as he took Steve's and went back toward the kitchen to fill up again.
"That little bakery in Brooklyn Maria got your wedding cake at," Natasha said, a knife and a stack of plates in her hands. "Turns out they take requests."
He stared at her, watching as she hopped the rest of the way then collapsed next to the toys, setting her little Cap doll down beside her as she picked up some connector blocks.
Was it something he could do again? OK, no, this was probably not the best time to make this decision, but the fact of the matter was that he'd accepted that he wasn't ready to get pregnant again
"Hey!" he cried through a mouthful of doughnut and jelly. "That was mine, you son-of-a-bitch!" Steve just licked his lips and said, "Not anymore."
"Oh," she said, accepting the simple truth of it before she set her spoon down and reached out for her juice.
Tony just grinned at him, and he said, "J? Close up shop here for a while. Cap and I are going upstairs."
Steve let out a breath that was part-exhale and part-laugh. "Yeah," he said with a gentle nod. "Looks like. Are you OK? Does it hurt anywhere?"
bring up Iron Man!" she shouted and pointed at him as he opened his mouth to say just that. "Yes, I know you're Iron Man, but you know there's rumors around about how the suit can operate itself with no one inside it—"
Pepper laughed but then sobered when she realized he was serious, and she smiled at him and put her arm around his shoulders and said, "Tony, honey, trust me. He finds you attractive."
Afterward, he sat on Steve's back to provide a counter-weight for him as he did pushups, pouring the remains of another bottle of water down his throat as his vantage point moved up and down with each pushup Steve did. He gave a salute to some of the others when they showed up to use the equipment, Natasha smiling a little, Barnes raising an eyebrow before he shook his head, and Barton, who groaned as he dropped his bag of…junk?...on the floor and said, "What did we tell you about keeping that shit to your own floor?"
lifetimes of 'doing your part,' never mind one. Besides, you're a thousand. It's high time for you to sit back and rest on your laurels and let us young whippersnappers save the world in your stead."
"Well, I do," she said, nudging him a little but keeping her focus solely on Tony. "I mean, I— I've always been this way. I was born this way. But you— Is it weird? Is it uncomfortable? Do you
Goddamn, if only for that, he wished Howard had lived — just to see the look on the old bastard's face as he realized his disappointment of a son had given birth to his grandchild…and his beloved old pal Steve had been the one to provide the other half of the DNA. Granted, the old bastard probably would have accused him of 'seducing' Steve or something equally ridiculous, unable to admit to himself that his old pal Steve was one hell of a dirty old man — and for his
He shook his head, his gaze still focused on the baby. "No, not her. The others — Clint and Sam and Jim and Thor — they all knew. They all knew you were in labor, and then they all knew you'd had the baby, and none of them told me a damned word because they thought it would be better for me, that if I knew what was going on back here that I wouldn't be able to concentrate on the mission."
"I don't know," she said, a hand at her forehead and a frown covering her face. "I don't know, I just—" She dropped her hand and focused on him, resolute. "Are you OK? How are you feeling? Can I get you anything? Were you drinking coffee? You know you're not supposed to be drinking coffee, right? Does Steve know you're drinking coffee—?"
," he said with a laugh, almost like something had suddenly clicked for him — like maybe this finally made it
All-in-all, it wasn't a complete waste. He knew Steve had learned a lot of stuff, and if push actually came to shove (no pun intended) and he did end up actually giving birth at some point in the next several weeks, well, Steve would be there. Steve would know what to do. He trusted Steve to get him through it.
He shifted his gaze over to Steve to see how he was reacting, and he watched as Steve stared straight ahead at the road, clenched his jaw, swallowed, and then reached over and jabbed the power button so hard that Tony almost thought he'd broken it.
Tony snuffled one more time and rubbed his face against Steve's chest. "Goddamn it, Steve. I'd just stopped fucking crying."
"I thought I smelled something burning," he said by way of explanation of his appearance, but Tony motioned to the island table and said, "Have a seat."
," he reiterated, turning his attention back to Tony, "are like— I kinda get what that that goddess says about you two being 'soul mates' because you are, like, the only two people in the world that could put up with each other."
It was going for dusk by the time they were pulling out of the garage, Thor and Bruce performing their promised distraction at the front of the building (some announcement of some charity thing — Tony didn't get the details, though he was pretty sure he heard the words 'dunk tank' uttered at some point), Steve behind the wheel, and a warning from Tony not to drive like the maniac he usually did.
"He does that sometimes," Natasha murmured like she was thinking of something in particular but didn't elaborate on it.
Tony quirked his head a little at him but shook his odd words off. "Whatever," he muttered and picked up his tea again. He took another sip, made a face at the fact that it did
"Seriously?" Steve asked with a laugh and tugged a little at the strap on his right shoulder like he was trying to see for himself.
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. "Yeah, on a technical level. But like I said, those seventy years in the ice don't count, and if anything, I'm fifteen years older than you are, which makes
, I'm just saying it probably wouldn't be the worst thing in the world if we got something like a fucking
Tony snorted out a laugh. "If that were the case, maybe he would actually work as intended instead of like an overgrown, overindulged puppy." He looked at DUM-E and added, "I made you, kid. I know you. Don't think you're fooling me with that shit you pull. You might have Steve wrapped around your claw, but I see right through you, you overgrown bucket of bolts."
Steve glanced at him then pulled up the contact name. "You'd trust Bruce to examine you, but you don't trust him to recommend someone to you?"
He didn't think he deserved to have anyone make a big fuss over him. He would always be that sickly boy from the Brooklyn tenement, wouldn't he?
"But is it possible someone could find them?" Steve asked pointedly, and Thor tweaked a grimace before he said, "Obviously. One has already been found. Possibly two."
" Tony said and showed the note to Steve, who just shrugged like he didn't have a decent explanation for it, either.
He bowed his head and brought her tiny fist up to his mouth and kissed it, brushing his lips over her tiny fingers.
"Not particularly, I don't think." But he leveled him with a pointed look and said, "You can think I'm a useless relic. That's your prerogative, and honestly, you might not be entirely wrong—"
"Better selection of food?" Bruce said as Steve came into the kitchen, dressed and sweaty from his run and carrying a bag of fresh bagels. "Better company?"
Tony would swear some element of relief crossed his face for a fraction of a second, but he still continued to rub his hands up and down Tony's arms as he said, "So, does this mean you've come to accept it?"
The little creature just tightened her arms and rubbed her face in his pants, and Tony was certain he heard something that sounded like a fucking sniffle— Oh, great, was she getting slobber on his clothes?
"No," she said and shook her head a little, honey-blonde tresses somehow shimmering even with no direct light focused on them. "Exactly like that. You were born too many years apart to have found each other — to have united with each other — in the way that everyone else must face. Fate played a hand and allowed for you to find each other when you needed each other most. Your eternal youth is a blessing, but it is also a curse. The son of Odin is right. Unless you fall in battle, you will be cursed to watch those you love grow old and pass, and you will be left to live out your deepest fears. You will be alone."
"Well, that may be the stupidest and most misinformed thing I've ever heard," he muttered around a mouthful of food. "You cannot begin to imagine how much that man enjoys sucking brain. Or how good he is at it. Seriously, he's fucking awesome."
"Like having a home or going home. Like being able to go home," Natasha said, and Tony set surprised eyes on her before he looked among the others and said, "Yeah, we're not your parents."
"God, you're so debauched," Tony murmured as they broke away, saliva and come on their lips. "Everyone thinks I'm the pervert. No one ever believed it was you."
Steve just closed his eyes and said in a quiet and calm voice, "I'm going to pretend you didn't say that."
"No!" he said and shook his head. "No, it's— It's Steve we're talking about. Steve isn't dead. Steve's too fucking stubborn to die! A fucking
"Tony," he said with a somewhat pained sigh, sitting in his chair at the kitchen island and pressing his face into his hand. "We've gone over this. It's a good idea." He pulled his hand away and looked point-blank at Tony. "We just want to — we
Steve grinned at him, slyly but with a sharp element of protectiveness. "They lay one finger on you, the sons-of-bitches won't know what hit them."
"Hey, uh," Steve said before Tony could give voice to that. "Nat was saying — actually, they all seemed to agree — that I'm on, uh, I think they called it 'mandatory paternity leave' for the foreseeable future."
Bruce just shrugged. "Look, you're not going to deliver in the next five minutes, but you're probably looking at within the next day. I'll come up and check on you in a bit — do an exam to see what we're dealing with here."
Bruce hesitated a bit, and he ran a fingertip over the lip of the teacup and said, "I— I just want to make sure you and Steve are doing this for the right reasons. Just because you're preg—"
"Again, this is something you could probably hash out with your old pal Barnes because he's the only person not currently in a nursing home that might even in the remotest sense care about what you're saying."
Steve was silent a moment, and the next thing he said was, "I notice you said you want me to 'make love' to you."
"Well," Tony said, hoping to put the off-topic bullshit to an end, "that was an enormous waste of time."
He huffed and grimaced as the slice in his hand ached with every keystroke he made. "Look, Bruce," he said and stopped in the middle of what he was doing to look up at him. "Maybe you've got some natural rapport with kids, but I don't. I never did. I don't
"He's dead," Barnes said, his tone so cold it sent a chill down Tony's spine. "He might be a stubborn pain in the ass, but even he couldn't have survived that. Not that."
Tony huffed and shook his head in slight irritation. "Yeah, fine, your 'gramps.' The guy that had these photos. Who was he?"
"So, this is what you meant when you said I wasn't ready for it," Steve mused, and when Tony looked at him for explanation, he added, "When I asked some questions about her parentage."
"I don't want to outlive my family," he said, blunt, sharp, and to-the-point. He shook his head a little and added, "Tony, Olivia— I couldn't— I don't want to outlive them. I don't want to stay like this—" he motioned down at himself, "—while they grow old and..."
Steve's heart warmed at the remembrance of a long-forgotten memory of Tony, starving after a long inventing-binge, pressing his face into Steve's shoulder and saying,
Tony glanced back and watched as the guy ran an appraising eye over Natasha and said, "You look familiar."
She just pursed her lips in a small smile and went back to applying the makeup, and his phone buzzed with a response from Steve that read simply,
"Even me," he said. "I listen to you more than I've ever listened to anyone in my life. Ask Pepper. She's the next runner-up. But you? You're the only one that can corral this gang of idiots that calls themselves the Avengers. People believe in you. They
"I'm sure LA will be devastated to know that Captain America has declared their ball team dead to him."
He watched as Tony swallowed, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down in his throat, and then over the sound of the pounding rain that continued to hit against the shelter Tony said the most beautiful word ever created in the English language.
"You have 'em, too? One time, a dinosaur was chasin' me 'n' I couldn't get away from him fast enough and he scratched me with his claws."
Tony's eyes went wide for a fraction of a second before he turned to Steve and said, "Shit, how do I look? OK? Abysmal? Do I need to touch anything up? Do I have food on my face? How does my cleavage look? Do I look even? Did I spill any food on me? Are the earrings hanging the right way? What about—"
Tony toyed with the stylus in his hand. "Just, I guess as a hypothetical, say you were ever at some point in your life to have a daughter, what would you name her?"
to be an Avenger. I'm not— I don't have the…" He exhaled a breath and shook his head some, dropping his hand as he did so. "I wouldn't be anything but a liability to you out there."
But Tony just looked up at him and said, "Doesn't that go against your whole nothing-before-the-baby's-born policy?"
Tony continued to frown and considered him a moment then said, "Oh! Yeah, they rerecorded it after the war. Guess they pressed it so many times they wore out the master. That's this version."
her, anyway? Maybe he wanted a boy — a son. Maybe he wanted a chance to prove that not all Starks were asshole fathers. Maybe he wanted to be for his son what his father never was for him.
Steve ignored the pet name and motioned at a cabinet beside the large, dual-tub sink. "Glass cabinets?"
Before Tony could say anything, he brought his mouth down and met Tony's in a soft and tender kiss, and Tony melted into it, losing himself in Steve's touch, wanting never, ever to be apart from this man.
Steve went quiet, pursing his lips and shifting his gaze down to the desk so he wouldn't have to look at either of his friends, and Bucky muttered, "I knew it," then added, "What, Stevie? What's it about?"
There was a part of him that had almost forgotten about it, he realized as he opened the box and gazed at the simple gold band. He'd taken it off after he'd gotten turned back in January because it was too big for any of his fingers, and it had never occurred to him to put a chain on it and hang it around his neck like had with the diamond and sapphire band. After stumbling on it down in his lab a couple months earlier — the last place he'd left it after he'd realized it was too big for any of his fingers — he'd tucked it away in his drawer for safekeeping. He was pretty sure that was after he'd been told Esmeralda was dead, and so the band only had sentimental value at that point, but he still… He hadn't been ready or willing to let it go. As gorgeous as that diamond and sapphire band was — and it was gorgeous — this one was still his engagement band, the simple one he'd picked out after Steve had asked him to marry him. The one he'd had every intention of using as a wedding ring when the time came for it.
Steve's pencil set. He could still hear the high, childish chirp of her voice and see the look of displeasure that was such a match for Steve's that—
"I don't age!" he snapped, his anger and frustration that had built over the last day reaching a breaking point. "I can't age! I haven't aged since this—" he motioned to himself, "—was done to me."
"So, why now?" Hill asked, and Tony shrugged, pulling his legs up onto the couch and tucking into himself protectively.
He picked his head up, sniffling, sadness having evaporated to be replaced by a newfound vigor and reassurance.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, trying to drown out the sudden vision of a macaroni and cheese and hot dog dinner and a cheerful and chipper little voice begging to show him what her 'Anna Tasha' had taught her to do. He inhaled a deep breath through his nose and let it out as he opened his eyes and said, "I don't know what you're talking about."
"He could have just been talking about you not getting any girl pregnant, you know, or contracting the usual kinds of VD."
But Olivia didn't answer, and Tony figured it was because she had fallen asleep on him, his daughter, his baby girl.
Bruce slapped a hand over his mouth to keep from laughing yet again. Good lord, this child was honest.
"Tony, you were just knocked out with a sedative Hydra used on you in their attempt to kidnap you. You're awake now, but it's still in your system, and I think it would be a good idea to hold off on nursing for a while — just a couple hours or so. Just until it's mostly out of your system."
"I don't know. Like a flutter of some kind. Sort of like a muscle twinge but not quite. Steve, what if it's—"
Steve could not have looked any smugger if he tried. "You were saying?" he asked, cocky smirk stretched over his mouth as he held the baby a little tighter to keep her from rolling out of his arms.
God, did they have action figures, too? Little toys with their likenesses? Or maybe they looked more like those cartoon Avengers that were on her t-shirt. Those were more vague resemblances than anything that spoke to being completely modeled after the real McCoys.
He leaned his head back against the headrest and continued to watch Steve, gazing at his profile, following the sharp contours of his nose and his lips and his chin. He watched as Steve swallowed again and moistened his lips and said, "Sorry."
Bucky sighed out a groan. "And don't tell me. Happy — and what the hell kind of a name is 'Happy'? — is stopping by, too, and he's got a whole speech lined up about how great an opportunity it is to work at Stark Industries and how much of a privilege it is and how great the retirement package and the benefits are."
Barnes seemed to understand Tony was laughing at him, as he heard him say a confused, "What?" But Tony just kept on laughing. It was so absurd. He looked so…so
Not that he was that much of a fan of the shopping (torture; six stores, twenty-five dresses, and only two that looked in any way remotely decent: a proverbial little black dress and a deep burgundy halter-top number that hugged every curve and played up his cleavage; Natasha insisted on that one), but it was the other stuff that was fun. It was the going for lunch and the just general getting to hang out with Natasha not as superheroes but as friends with an unlimited spending account and a gorgeous city to take advantage of. They strolled the streets, unencumbered by the usual bullshit that would follow Tony Stark because of his fame and rather familiar face. They talked about their likes, they talked about their pasts (well, a
Steve didn't like the idea of living off Tony's money — didn't like the idea of being a 'kept man' — and Tony suspected one of the big reasons he kept up the Avengering gig was because it meant he was contributing and he was earning his keep. Granted, Steve enjoyed it, and he knew Steve enjoyed it, but he suspected deep down that there was a part of Steve that knew he couldn't or, more likely,
"Yeah, not really." He poured himself another glass, threw it back, then slammed the glass on the bar and started to make his way back to the elevator.
"'Mairzy Doats'?" Tony said as he read the screen, the innocuous little song still playing into the air.
If he didn't know better, he'd swear her eyes went just the tiniest bit watery at that, like she was both humbled and warmed at the thought that Tony trusted her this much. She tightened her lips like she was trying to keep her emotions in check, and when she was seemingly able to, she smiled just the slightest, patted his cheeks, and said, "I hope James doesn't mind me scapegoating him."
Steve reached up and took a gentle hold of Tony's wrists, holding his hands against his face. He closed his eyes and turned his head some, and he pressed a gentle kiss against Tony's palm then nestled his face gently against the marked skin.
"I just don't see it," Tony said with a shrug and considered his glass, the ice melting and watering down the cola he still hadn't finished. "I'm not saying he doesn't love me. I'm just saying I don't see that he spoils me."
"Yeah, but…we have them. Like in that— Like whatever I saw," he said, and Tony watched as he swallowed like he was on the edge of allowing himself to accept whatever he'd so desperately wanted in the past as fact. And then, like he'd found a hole in the story, he added, "We don't have a house upstate."
"Well, baby steps. Not sure I'd be down with being hog-tied right off the bat. But yeah, I think… I don't think I'd be entirely against it." He nestled closer to Steve. "'s long as it's with you."
daughter to show for it. And can you two stand there and say to me you haven't grown closer than ever before because of this experience? No," she said at their exchange of looks, "you can't."
to give him any privacy, just stood there with his arms folded as he watched Tony maneuver with the bra.
friends. That weird group that had co-mingled and intertwined in those months after the frat party. Tony hadn't wanted to spend Christmas at the mansion on Fifth Avenue, the wounds were too raw and too painful to even begin to nurse, but Steve had talked him into staying and promised that he would make it as good as he could for him or die trying.
Steve just laughed as Tony scowled and tossed a balled-up piece of tissue paper at him that didn't quite make it past the coffee table.
Who, thanks to the class, he didn't see from Friday night until Sunday night, at which time it was probably going for eight o'clock that evening when Tony's band of wayward miscreants started finding their way into the penthouse, all of them looking kind of sluggish, their color varying degrees of 'tan' and 'red.' Tony watched as they shuffled around in search of food, and he stuck a spoonful of gelato in his mouth and let the flavor melt over his tongue before he said, "What the hell happened to all of you?"
part of it right now. But the fact of the matter was he hadn't known. Steve had, and evidently Bruce and the doctor had. But he hadn't. He hadn't cared.
Steve, at that moment, was holding his entire world in his arms. He broke the kiss but pecked a few against Steve's lips then pulled back and frowned, Steve's hand sliding down to rest at his lower back. "Steve?"
The man sat back on the bed, his eyes concentrated on that little black glowing thing in his hand, and Steve tried to get a better look at it without being too obvious. Only Hydra had anything like that—
Pepper blinked, looking like a mix between utterly perplexed and ready to take his head off, and she just shook her head a little and scrunched her face and said, "
"All right," he conceded, "an ob/gyn then. You know, someone that would actually have experience in this sort of thing? I'm not
It then cut to someone asking Tony how he felt about the Supreme Court's recent ruling in favor of same-sex marriage. And Tony, in the flippant fashion Steve remembered he'd always used in public — especially when he had a microphone shoved in his face — said,
"It's nothing," Steve said, trying to sound calm but he was having a hell of a time keeping the unease out of his voice.
"Hey," he said and turned his attention back to his yawning daughter, "you want to go take a nap in my bed?"
Look, he was not— The kid was scared. She was crying. Yeah, so some natural instinct had come over him, and he'd scooped her up like he was a pro. It didn't mean anything. He just… Was he supposed to let her think some horrible man was going to hurt them?
Rhodey glanced over at Steve a moment then turned back to Tony, "Next to Pep, he's the only one I haven't lain awake at night hoping you'd come to your senses about and drop 'em like a rock."
Steve nodded as well, and he went quiet a moment before he said, "I want you to promise me something."
"Are we putting money on that?" Barton asked, but when Tony just rolled his eyes and didn't even dignify his question with a response, he turned the conversation back to the original topic and said to Thor, "Anyway, before Romeo and Juliet started slobbering over each other, I was saying how we like to pick on each other as a bonding exercise."
Steve just blinked, and he knew he had that deer-in-the headlights look again as he suddenly came to the realization that Sam had been right to collect that twenty bucks from Bucky all along.
Oh, he damn well knew what he said. Dodger Stadium. To a guy that had spent his summers hanging out at that ballpark that, in Brooklyn, was called Ebbets Field. But he knew Steve couldn't even get the words out, the very idea of the Dodgers in California disgusting him so, and he watched as Steve squirmed and scowled and pursed his mouth and flexed his hands as he fought through his frustration of 'those bums' having the audacity to ditch Flatbush for greener pastures.
They all sat heavily at the island, each taking what had become their usual spots, and Tony wondered if they'd partaken in some battle with a heat monster no one had bothered to call him or Steve about until Thor bounded into the kitchen, also looking rather tanned but full of the energy that the others were lacking. He smiled when he saw Tony and Steve standing there, and he said, "Ah, my friends! You have returned from the education of the birth of your child! I trust you learned much that will be of value to you in the upcoming weeks."
"Actually, I can't complain," he said and reached back to pat Steve's leg. "He's been really good about things — better than I've been sometimes. I mean, yeah,
They all stopped to look at him, and then there were several surreptitious glances to each other before a litany of muttered and mumbled excuses came his way. He didn't even bother to parse them. He knew they were all bullshit.
"Oh, don't listen to him!" he said and pet his support strut. "You know how he gets. That's how he shows his love and affection. He secretly thinks you're doing a wonderful job and he's very happy and
"Yeah? It's 'cause he was engineered to be that way," he muttered and sat up on the edge of the cushion. He rubbed his neck and made a face at the ache that remained, and he tried to think if there was any sort of aspirin or other over-the-counter analgesic on hand.
Barnes frowned and looked over to where Steve was moving some smaller packages that had been piled on top of the big one, and he turned back to the others. "Maybe I should have a talk with him?"
He squirted a few dollops of ketchup on to the eggs, and she went about doing the rest, grabbing her fork and mixing it in so it looked like some sort of horrendous orange concoction that was a massive offense to anyone with taste buds. Or sight.
Steve glanced up at her. "Yeah, but the license on file is for Steve Rogers and Tony Stark. And one of these vultures
"You know I'm not saying this as 'Captain America,' right? This is one hundred percent Steve Rogers talking."
"What's the point of being Captain America if you can't use it to get premium service at burger joints?"
"Yeah, sure," he said and went to tell Tony how he took it, but Tony just went about fixing up one of the mugs with the creamer and sugar, and without a word, he handed the finished mug over and took another bite of his bagel.
Steve just shot him a look as he attached one part of the highchair to another, and Barton said, "I coulda told you that from that mug of hers."
Tony frowned and winced a little as Steve sat back down. "Uh," he said while Steve cooed at the baby and picked her up from her carrier, "say whatever I want because she's six weeks old and doesn't understand anything?"
"Are you sure?" Steve asked, the tone pure Captain America. "Are you absolutely certain about this?"
"Whatever," he muttered as his phone buzzed. He handed the baby back off to Tony and checked it. "Hill wants me down there." He pocketed the phone again and said, "Uh, are we OK? I know you said we have to — and I
"Now," Steve said and stood behind him again. He felt Steve take his arms and position them behind his back, "did you bring any restraints down with you?"
Barnes looked genuinely touched by that, a little in awe and maybe even seeming to feel a little like it was undeserved while Wilson muttered, "Oh,
Steve flipped to another page in the book. "I didn't know Clint was in the business of guessing about that sort of thing."
He skipped that for the time being and went on to the other questions. He skipped 'email address' and 'home telephone number' and put Steve's number on the 'cell phone' line. He got confused when he saw something asking about 'father's name' until he saw something asking for 'mother's name,' and he assumed it meant his parents.
"Well," he said and rubbed his hand over the small swell some more, "now you know those traditions are bullshit. Who in their right mind would marry Barton? Wait, I just answered my own question.
She just smiled at him, gummily and happily, then shoved a hand in her mouth and began to gnaw on her fingers. Steve watched a moment before he turned back to the cupboards and muttered, "I guess I should feed you," narrowing his eyes and pursing his lips as he opened doors in search of the formula.
"Well, you're no fun," Tony grumbled with a pout. "I wanted lessons in morality, I'd hang out with Captain Stick-up-his-ass."
Rhodey just blinked before he said, "All right," and set Tony's phone out of his reach before he pulled his out of his pocket and said, "Call Pepper," to it.
Tony watched as he swallowed and grimaced a little, reaching up to run a frustrated hand through his hair.
know what they were missing just being able to stand and take a leak and go on their business. No, there was squatting and wiping and getting back up and flushing the toilet and— ugh, it was just so, so
She shrugged. "They need as much help as they can get. Such poor, deceived creatures. I cannot fathom how you can stand it." She directed a quick aside to the other three men in the room and said, "No offense."
He took another bite, and Steve watched him — or, better, watched the sandwich — and asked, "You gonna finish that?"
The odd man, who Steve now realized was several inches shorter than he, shoved him away from the crib, and the little girl cried out in delight and said, "Papa!" as she reached out for him.
She made her way over to him and leaned against the table, folding her arms as she looked at him but didn't say anything, and Tony fumbled a little under her gaze but kept his cool as he grabbed his soldering iron again.
point- blank. He's just as freaked out about this whole thing as you are, but he suppresses it, keeps it hidden, so that you can have your mini-meltdowns over it. Because while he's freaked out about it, he knows it's nothing compared to what you're going through, and he doesn't… He blames himself for this. He'll never
She laughed, the sound trilling like tinkling ice. "Now, why would I do that? To what purpose? This is exactly what I meant to happen. It is what must be."
But Steve seemed to get what Tony was aiming to do, and he rubbed his hand gently over the small swell of Tony's abdomen — Tony feeling a twitch of desire in that area Steve was so damned good at pleasuring — and murmured, "Don't worry. It'll happen again."
"Come on, Tony, let's face it. If we were on a playground, you'd be pulling his hair and calling him names."
Steve just went into the bathroom and shut the door behind him. He flipped on the light switch and peered around. It was non-descript — OK, that wasn't exactly true. It was an absolutely
Steve left what had once upon a time been his separate quarters and went over to the elevator, the doors opening the moment he came within reach of it. He didn't have to breathe a word of his request, JARVIS immediately taking him back up to the penthouse.
after we make love," he said and stroked Tony's hair back away from his face, and Tony tried not to think about where those fingers had just been. "That's not— God, Tony, that's not something I ever want to—"
"Come on," he said and closed the closet door. "We'll go back to the penthouse and do our drawing there."
Pepper sighed on the other end of the line, and Tony was certain she was pinching the bridge of her nose. He could have picture-chatted her, he supposed, but it was easier to make faces and roll his eyes and do other stuff when he didn't have someone watching his every move.
"—that really narrows it down. You know, I've been meaning to pull the DeLorean out of storage. I guess this is as good a time as any, though if she's from another dimension, maybe I should look more into asking the Doctor if I can borrow his TARDIS—"
"I am sorry for all the pain and suffering the Goddess Esmeralda has caused you," Thor said, and Tony could tell he truly meant the words he spoke. "She did not mean it in that way, I assure you, though would smiting her in any way remedy your misfortune, t'would be something I should hesitate in no part to do on your behalf."
to have you." And then, he made like he was whispering to the 'bot in a conspiratorial manner. "He thinks you're amazing. He just doesn't want you to get too large an ego. He's afraid you'll let it go all to your head if he tells you how wonderful and smart he thinks you really are."
," he said, the words automatic like he was only saying them because he thought he was supposed to. "I've always been a man."
Tony rolled his eyes and scowled as the equation came back with less-than-adequate results. "Whatever," he muttered and typed in another to run. "There's no talking to him, anyway."
Bruce shrugged at this, seeming to agree with him, but Thor said, "It is not something that is made. It is something that
it was a dream." He scratched his arm. "I don't know. I guess maybe— I thought maybe—" He shook his head. "I had a —
He opened his eyes and looked up at Steve. Steve sucked in a breath but was still able to maintain control of the situation.
Tony looked over the chic white eyelet wrap dress with the flouncy sleeves and the sheer but solid lining underneath. He arched an eyebrow at her and said, "White, really?"
"If there is one thing we on Asgard can agree with you about, it is the filling feel of plentiful food and the joyous company of good friends," Thor said and reached out for a coffee mug and a few cookies. Tony immediately provided a napkin to him.
He shot Barton another look, but Tony huffed out a breath and said, "Whatever," and pulled away from Steve and moved over to the crowd. Someone, he presumed JARVIS, started piping in some music as he hugged Rhodey 'hello' and kissed Pepper's cheek and let Happy pull him in for a bear hug. Wilson slapped his back and wished him a 'Happy Birthday, man' and Bruce smiled and said, "Happy Birthday, Tony." Hill wished him the same, and Thor said something about extending his best wishes on the joyous anniversary of his birth. He thought about correcting him on that but decided to just let it slide at the last minute. It wasn't worth being pedantic over.
Tony shivered at that, and he put a hand atop Steve's and held it there and rubbed his cheek against the slight scratch of Steve's scruff. Slight heat began to pool in his belly, and his nerves electrified at Steve's touch against him. He moved his hand up Steve's arm, feeling the hairs there brush against his palm, and it occurred to him that, for the second time in less than twenty-four hours—
"Hmm?" he asked, gaze still focused on his computer. "What? Yeah. Definitely a woman." He looked over, his eyes zeroing in on Steve's fully-erect dick, and he sucked in a breath before he said, "Well, if my ass can take it, I'm sure a vagina can, too."
She shrugged. "Well, whatever. Again, not my only charges." She moved her hand in that way that indicated she wanted them to hurry things up. "Come on. Come on. Time is of the essence."
He grunted out a moan and said a breathy, "Steve. Steve, please. Please get in me." He could feel Steve's cock hard and hot against his ass, and he thought for just a moment that maybe that would be OK, too, if they had some lube. But if his pussy wasn't serviced by a certain super solider sometime soon, he was going to fucking
Tony snorted a laugh and propped the pillows into the proper position. "Yeah, don't think she's going to want to do that in about two seconds."
"Well, not exactly. It— It's a little complicated," Steve said and slid his arms down and around Tony's waist, resting firm, possessive hands on Tony's belly and nuzzling into his neck. If he didn't know any better, he'd say Steve was showing off his best fella to his oldest pal.
"Yeah," he said, snapping out the word with more annoyance than he meant, "because that's all I am, right? Just a lab experiment that has to spend the rest of my life paying back all the time and effort and money that was invested in me."
She stopped massaging his neck and instead put her hands on his shoulders. "It's all right. You didn't know any better."
He went back to eating his pork fried rice, and Tony watched him, figuring that was Steve's way of saying, yes, his mother would have approved of him as a son-in-law were she able to understand the concept of two men being able to get married.
"Wait, hold on," Rhodey said and stood back a step. "An alternate universe kid showing up on your doorstep is perfectly believable, but Captain America having the hots for you is a bridge too far?"
a father, all I have to do is take his shitty example and do the exact opposite. I already know you have to actually pay attention to the kid. And telling them that you love them really goes a long way. And I don't… Look, it sounds crazy, but I feel it, Bruce. I can feel it in my bones. She's my daughter, and I just know that I would rip the limbs off of anyone that would even think of harming one hair on her head, and I… I don't think I can lose that now."
