‘You do know that’s wasting energy right? Isn’t the world supposed to be cutting its carbon footprint?’
? Like what if he’s just using it as an excuse to keep me at arm’s length and then as soon as I turn eighteen he’s going to lose that excuse and then it’ll be because he isn’t actually attracted to me and actually this was just a ploy to get onto the team and to help get his reputation back on track so he isn’t going to be hunted out of every city he moves to?’
‘Later, Baby Boy,’ his voice is quiet and soothing, but it does nothing to erase the fact that his suit is torn in far too many places to be comfortable. Or repair the hole in the middle of his stomach that is matched on the front and the back.
Tony sighs, finally opening his eyes and rubbing them with one hand as he sits forward. ‘I promise I’m not hiding anything, Rhodey. It was just a particularly difficult meeting with the committee this afternoon; Ross didn’t like some of the things that I said in a press conference and I’ve spent from around three this afternoon arguing with a roomful of people.’
Steve Rogers looks out over the green expanse of Wakanda, a light breeze keeping him cool as he leans on the railing. The door opens behind him and he turns to see the king and his best friend walking out side by side, apparently having finished their latest conversation with Tony.
Steve breathes a sigh of relief as Peter launches himself back through the portal and kneels down next to Tony, taking the ruined reactor from his chest and replacing it with the new one.
Steve winks at him then follows the steps that Peter had outlined, slowly making his way towards him; Peter feels the platform dip suddenly just as Steve launches himself backwards, catapulting him upwards to easily grab hold of the bars. He just had time to look down and see Steve running towards him before the soldier jumps, reaching out his arm.
‘If your people are content to be around mine,’ he tells her, ‘then they will always have some land in my country where they are welcome to set up their tents for as long as they desire. It is my understanding that you are constantly moving?’
‘Only when I came to spend Christmas with Mama Rhodes,’ Tony tries to defend himself. ‘I challenge any man to hold back Christmas spirit when they spend Christmas with that angel.’ Rhodes just shakes his head and smiles at his friend fondly. ‘Anyway isn’t it too early still for Christmas music? We’re not even in December yet!’
‘No. And he shot his target right through her. Hence the scar on her hip. When she realised he didn’t recognise her and he’d do that to her now…well she closed herself off, decided not to let anyone else get close.’
‘I don’t know,’ he admits, eyes scanning every car he can see; he reaches into his pocket for his phone to give Sam a call. He knows what’s coming before it happens but he can’t stop it without being too fast for a normal kid. As the boys come closer he nudges Ned out the way and takes the full force of the shove from both of the boys; he doesn’t catch himself, falling to the floor and wincing at the pain in his knees and hands.
Tony winces as awareness creeps in the next morning, muscles he is sure never existed before are aching and he can’t help the satisfied smile that creeps onto his face; there’s a firm weight wrapping around his back and holding him in place, and if he’s honest he’s not entirely sure where his body ends and the next one starts.
He shakes his head. ‘I don’t want to tell him until he’s finished studying; he shouldn’t be getting distracted from what he wants.’
Peter manages to calm down by taking the photo to his room and placing it on the shelf where his other pictures stand. He looks at his uncle’s smiling face and finds it easier to smile back at the memories than before.
‘Tony you can’t think Hammer’s going to pull a stunt like Vanko did, surely?’ Rhodes asks, lifting his faceplate to give his friend a concerned look.
Loki laughs. ‘There will be enough celebrations to take part in that you will not be inactive my good doctor.’
‘I’ve heard the doors FRIDAY,’ he cuts her off. ‘Don’t let them in. I don’t care who it is. If it’s the kid tell him to come back after dinner.’
‘I grow weary of your constant chattering. Next time I shall ensure the entire human race is wiped out,’ Thanos grumbles, ripping the nanites from his face and throwing Tony off. Just as Steve hits him with an uppercut from Mjolnir.
‘Tell you what, George,’ Peter grins at him, seeing the guard’s eyes widen even further when he realises Peter knows his name, ‘I won’t tell Sam and you let me know next time Wade tries sneaking off site when you’re on duty?’
‘I’ve done a drinking contest with Thor before, I’m going to help carry your bodies to your beds,’ he retorts.
‘Tony-’ whatever Bucky was going to say is cut off by what he assumes is a shake of the head from Vision. He gives the man’s shoulder a squeeze as he walks by and takes the seat next to Natasha.
‘Mind if I take a seat?’ a voice says from behind Peter. The teenager turns around to see a familiar face.
‘Not that it isn’t nice to see you,’ Sam interrupts. ‘But what brings you to our neck of the woods?’
‘We should get back,’ Wanda says quietly, putting a hand on his arm. He looks down into her understanding expression and nods.
Everyone starts filing in, only Natasha, Sam and Bucky staying outside with him. There’s still no sign of the rest of the party: Pepper, Peter, Rhodey and, of course, Tony himself.
‘I’ve asked you hundreds of times if there’s anyone cute at your school! Hang on he’s not at your school is he?’
‘That’s a lot more markings than we thought there would be,’ he remarks, seeing they reach from over head height down to nearly the ground and span nearly his entire arm span.
‘Bucky!’ Loki’s voice snaps him back to reality. He blinks at him a couple of times. ‘I’m sorry,’ the trickster’s voice is soft, ‘I thought you knew.’
The others have come up behind them now, and Tony sees Wanda bend down and pick up a discarded carol sheet. ‘Do you always sing the same ones each year?’ she asks, looking at the paper in her hand.
Harry shakes his head. ‘Let’s talk about it another time, yeah? I don’t want to start this trip off talking about my dad and bringing the tone down.’
‘Hey doc do you think you could take a look at this?’ Peter waves the screen. ‘So you know how people use tourniquets to stop bleeding and stuff? Do you think if we somehow managed to tourniquet the area of Vision that’s damaged we could stop the stone from interfering with Wanda’s attempts to heal him?’
‘Let’s go,’ he whispers. Without giving the merc a chance to keep up he launches himself through the door, webbing two of the five occupants. ‘Hey guys, mind if we join the party?’
He laughs and shakes his head. ‘No we’re just good friends. She’s kind of adopted me as her brother.’
. How did you do it? Do you grow or does just the suit? Wait is it the suit that makes you grow or is it your powers? Can you actually talk to ants?’
‘Well if the team agreed,’ he says, ‘but you’re our leader in the field anyway and one of the best tacticians alive so it’d be stupid not to. The leadership team is all to be voted by the team, and when or if one steps down then the team will vote to replace them.’
‘He was the smartest prince the land had ever seen, smarter even than his father, but he was also kind and always wanted to help the people of the kingdom.’
‘Oh, sorry,’ Peter shakes himself out from his daydream and sits heavily in the chair the man gestures. ‘I just…I’ve never seen anything like this before. It’s incredible. Are all the books on the mystic arts or are there other things in here as well? Is it one of those libraries that I can just ask for a book and it'll appear? Are there any artefacts in here? There’s so many on the way here and they were all so cool-’
‘I don’t understand why you think food is a good projectile,’ Nebula adds. ‘It has no weight to it, there’s no chance of injury. What is the point in starting a fight with something that won’t help you win?’
There’s a roar of greeting as the light fades and there, standing in the centre of the battlefield, is Thor, Valkyrie by his side, and two other creatures Tony can’t quite work out from here, but he’s fairly certain one of them looks like a walking tree, and the other is a raccoon with a giant gun.
She turns to face the approach giant, holding the flag up and waving it at him. ‘Come on Big Guy! Come and get it!’
‘My king this is against the rules of the combat,’ the female Jotun on the side argues. ‘The duel is between yourself and your brother only.’
Peter groans as his algebra teacher catches him as he attempts to sneak out of class with everyone else. ‘Is anything wrong sir?’ he hopes feigning innocence will help.
Then Quill goes to stand next to her, looking at the carol sheet and joining in. ‘Come and behold him, born the king of angels.’
‘What do you want now?’ Loki snaps at the knock at the door. ‘You cannot possible have anything more to say to me.’
‘Tony are you alright?’ Peter frowns as he watches the inventor walk to the kitchenette. ‘You’re walking funny.’
‘What you stalling for, Francis? This is just getting boring now. Come on out so I can shoot you between the eyes!’ Wade’s voice carries back to him from out of one of the burning warehouses.
Steve frowns. ‘Why what? Why he doesn’t like you the same way you like him?’ Bucky nods again. ‘Why is that?’
Wanda does a bit of digging into Peter's love life; and Tony has to deal with the public's reaction and speculation to the team watching Peter's presentation
‘I don’t believe that for a second,’ Steve’s voice is so full of conviction he can’t find it within himself to argue. ‘And I don’t think you do either, you’re just listening to your fears.’
Peter nods, casting a glance down at the bomb vest that hangs loosely around him. All the terrorists are prepared to blow rather than be taken it seems.
‘That doesn’t mean you can cave my face in!’ he protests, shooting out a web and trying to swing to the other side of the room. He screws the timing and goes sprawling across the floor and crashing into some of the equipment. ‘Ow…’
‘They drew,’ Steve laughs along with his best friend. ‘Never did find out what happened to Monty after he left the Commandos, but I knew he died before I was found.’ Bucky’s gone quiet next to him, rolling his water bottle between his hands. ‘Buck? What’s up?’
The humanoid shushes him. ‘I want to ask Wanda to marry me during our stay away for a few nights and I know it’s tradition to ask a male member of the family for permission first. As her father and twin are no longer alive, I thought you were the best candidate due to your relationship.’
Someone lands between us, crouching down as they land, one arm extended behind them. Superhero landing!
Peter watches as Mr Harris goes up to speak through the window. ‘But we’ve been invited as part of the school visiting program. We were told to arrive and give a reference number rather than having a pass being issued. Perhaps if you called up to the facility one of the Avengers would be able to clear this up?’
‘Look how about I try and organise a couple of hog roasts or something?’ Tony suggests, then proceeds to explain to Thor exactly what that would entail.
‘You haven’t asked me about when we fought the other day,’ the trickster interrupts. ‘And you have been shutting me out ever since.’
‘Maybe they are,’ Morgan says, voice quiet, ‘because you know evil monsters are real, Pete, so maybe fairytales are too.’
‘It’s me Mr Hammer wants right?’ he says, ignoring his friend. ‘Then take me to him and don’t hurt anyone else here, alright?’
‘If you think you can scare me into telling you who my benefactor is you can think again, Anthony,’ Hammer sneers. ‘It’s only a matter of time before he gets me out of here, and you can’t touch him.’ The man laughs. ‘That’s the best part of this whole thing
‘Why don’t you call in the Avengers?’ Ned asks, shooting a worried glance at the masked man who’s guarding them.
Wanda has a small smile on her face as she pulls away, trusting him to keep his promise. No one’s ever done that before. He decides he quite likes the feeling as the four of them head towards the parked car, Tony’s arm staying protectively around Wanda’s shoulders, just in case.
‘Ah Peter, glad to see you back,’ Vision greets him just as they step out of the elevator. ‘I believe we are waiting for you to cut your cake.’
‘Yeah, but that was before he knew who I was,’ Tony sighs, playing with one of the pens on his desk, ‘now I have no idea how he’ll be around me.’
The last time Francis dropped a building on me the flames burnt everything around me so that it ended up being easy to stand up and walk off. This shit isn’t burning, all it’s doing is keeping me crushed. And I can’t move any of it.
He looks up at Tony’s nervous question and loses himself in those brown eyes all over again. No matter how many times he’s looked at him, Steve can never get enough of those eyes. Tony’s face might be a perfect mask, especially to the media, but Steve’s always been able to read everything in his eyes. Tony’s hand goes to the back of his neck, pulling him closer for another kiss, the other goes to the front of his shirt, clenching in the fabric and pulling him forwards as Tony lays back on the bed.
He’s actually surprised to find Wade easy to talk to, and he enjoys their conversation as they clear the table and take everything back into the kitchen. ‘Don’t think I haven’t noticed the way you look at him,’ he says as he fills the sink to wash everything that won’t go in the dishwasher. Out of the corner of his eye he sees Wade tense from where he’s filling said appliance.
‘A moment of your time, Wade?’ he says, just in time for the merc to pause exactly where he needs him.
‘Wait you’d had sex with someone before?’ Tony leans up on one elbow. ‘I mean I did wonder considering how good you were last night, no virgin is
He opens his mouth to protest some more, but finds his shoulders are a little less tense than normal as they head towards the garage. Instead he shrugs. ‘You’re not driving.’
Rhodes laughs. ‘Why do you think Tony only ever appears in public done up like he’s just walked out of a designer shop, but around here he’s only ever in the same ratty jeans and band shirts?’
‘None of them have deserted me, I just don’t always choose to use them,’ then he raises an eyebrow. ‘And you’re avoiding the question which means I’m right.’
‘Loki has agreed to teach us all the traditional Asgardian dances for Yule,’ Thor proclaims happily.
‘Steve,’ Tony takes hold of his hands, stopping him from moving away, ‘I…I need to give you something. Can you get the reactor from my shirt?’
‘He reminds me of my mom when he does that,’ Shuri whispers to Peter, he laughs and takes off his lab coat.
‘Come on Wanda you can do better than that,’ the older woman says as she loses her balance and nearly goes flying to the floor. ‘Where’s your head today?’
There’s some noise over the comms. Something about more allies arriving, about a woman with power similar to Thor and warriors. Someone named Nakia as well, who Steve remembers as the woman T’Challa is hoping will one day be his queen.
‘No,’ Peter shakes his head, forgetting the man can’t see. ‘No I wouldn’t expect you to do that Mr Murdock. I just… I remembered what you said about your abilities and thought perhaps you’d be able to find something out that the rest of us couldn’t. You’d be looking for things we wouldn’t think to look for- uh figuratively speaking of course – and you might have more luck than we will.’
‘Proxima Midnight,’ Loki says when they finally reach the figure who had come to speak with them; she’s tall and dark skinned, with burning red eyes and Tony just gets the chills being near her, ‘the last of Thanos’ children.’
‘Pete? Now would be good,’ Bucky says, running up a slight incline and then launching himself towards the beast. Peter sets off his taser webs and the beast roars in pain, rearing up on its hind legs in an attempt to claw Peter off its back with its front legs. Bucky’s aim is perfect. The combined strength of his metal arm and the force of his sprint and jump combine so he thrusts the sword into the beast’s throat up to the hilt. It gives a chocked roar of pain and then collapses backwards.
Rocket looks down from his perch in the trees, sighing and shaking his head. ‘Those two idiots? They make far too much noise to be stealthy. Why send them?’ He sighs again and begins climbing down, ready to reset the traps once the two idiots below him set them off.
‘I suppose it’s you I have to thank for the other three labs then? Wondered how long it would take you to find your way here. Following my trail of breadcrumbs.’
‘Then the bedrooms?’ Natasha suggests. ‘I don’t know about you guys but I felt like I’d made a clone out of dust by the end of last night.’
‘Unless you want a history lesson,’ Natasha quips, she laughs and Peter hears the sound of something hitting a wall. ‘If you want help with math, Peter, you’re going to have to speak to either Tony or Rhodey.’
‘I leave in two days,’ Bucky replies, leaning on the rail next to Steve. Steve leans his back against it and looks back at the building they’ve called home for months.
The last thing he sees is one of the soldiers, a bulky gas mask covering his face, leaning down over Wanda, picking up her prone form.
He notices Peter take hold of one of the merc’s hands and give it a squeeze. ‘It’s really not as bad as you make it out to be, Wade,’ he says quietly.
‘I figured that Bucky had developed feelings for you before we got back,’ she says, ‘back when you were still trying to break his brain washing,’ at his raised eyebrow she shrugs, ‘I could see it on his face when he spoke about you. When we got back I realised you weren’t entirely adverse to the idea, but-’
Peter winks at her and turns to face the approaching man, who stands nearly a head and a half taller than him. ‘Bring it on, tough guy. Just don’t go crying to Mommy when I wipe the floor with you.’ That earns him a chorus of laughter from the surrounding people and bets start being played as he drags Wanda over to the table.
He’d eventually convinced enough of the Council to have it changed, but they would be treading a fine line for a while. He almost wished there could be a New York style event just so he could prove his point.
‘All in a day’s work Baby Boy,’ the man replies with a bow, sweeping up his katana as he straightens. ‘Now how about we blow this joint and go get some chimichangas?’
‘I swear this house breeds dust clouds,’ Sam splutters as he pulls a dust sheet off of one of the chairs as the team tries to find somewhere more comfortable to sit after dinner.
Tony is quiet before he replies, eyes never leaving the two soldiers training in front of them. ‘We kissed in the lab before you all came back. I’ll admit, Nat, I was tempted to start something with him then, but it wouldn’t have been fair on him. I felt like I was cheating on Steve, even though nothing was happening between us and I didn’t know if anything ever would. I had to move on from Steve before I could see if anything could happen with Bucky. So no, nothing really happened.’ Out of the corner of his eye he sees the woman start to say something a couple of times and then decide against it. ‘Come on, Widow, I know there’s something else you want to ask.’
‘Two super soldiers and one kid with enhanced abilities from a spider bite are going to be much more use running around than a guy more used to letting a suit do all the fast moving.’
He simply sighs as Nick moves further into the room. ‘I’m sorry I didn’t tell any of you this was coming, but if Ross caught wind of it I wanted you to all have deniability.’
Tony’s been in the medical wing for over a week and the team have been taking it turns to sit at his bedside, none of them wanting to leave the man alone. In the nearly two weeks since he’d been captured Steve has felt there’s been something missing in the facility; almost like one of the lights isn’t working and hasn’t been fixed. He’d never realised just how much the inventor held the team together until now, and how much he’d relied on him.
‘I’m not sure. It’s felt like days, but it could have just been an hour or two. I…I can’t use my magic,’ she bites her bottom lip and looks around her cell. For the first time since waking up Bucky sees the fear on her face. ‘I tried when I first woke up to see if I could get us out but I can’t do anything. I don’t know what’s happened…’
‘Yes,’ Tony frowns at him. ‘Shouldn’t you be nice to the person you’re stuck in the scary cave system with?’
‘Wanda and Vision’ll be the main issue, especially if Wanda’s using her powers. We’re going to have to catch them by surprise to stand any chance.’
Eventually they agree to keep Matt out of it for now and say that Peter and Loki picked up on the energy signature and went to investigate and ran into Wade during the ensuring fight.
‘Oh, sorry,’ Peter shakes himself out from his daydream and sits heavily in the chair the man gestures. ‘I just…I’ve never seen anything like this before. It’s incredible. Are all the books on the mystic arts or are there other things in here as well? Is it one of those libraries that I can just ask for a book and it'll appear? Are there any artefacts in here? There’s so many on the way here and they were all
Here's a sneak peek for the next story I'm putting up, not part of this series but it's an alternate take on EG after Tony and Nebula arrive back on Earth:
‘After, it’s an earlier showing I want to go to,’ MJ says. They stop off at each of their lockers and grab what they need for the evening. ‘So how are your history projects coming on?’ she asks as they head out of the front doors just as the rest of the school gets let out of class.
‘Alright that’s enough day dreaming please. We’ve got a lot of dishes to wash up and I want to get back downstairs before it gets dark.’
Natasha shrugs. ‘I didn’t know I did, I’d never used them like that before and thought I’d try it out. Now I’m wishing I
Wade breathes and then, before Peter can properly register what is happening the man kisses him. Strong arms tighten and would have crushed him against the hard chest if not for his powers, and honestly he’s glad the man is holding him up because he’s not entirely sure his knees would be able to support him. One of Wade’s hands travel up his side to his face, cupping the back of his head and deepening the kiss, making Peter gasp, and the mercenary takes the opportunity to tentatively explore with his tongue.
She looks so unsure as she carefully takes the topper from his hands and makes her way to the set of small step ladders they’d set up next to the tree; she climbs them and pauses at the top before gently placing the angel on the top.
Tony continues to heal; Steve wants to help as much as he can and it has some interesting consequences.
Peter nods and looks out over the city again. ‘They wanted to get you to leave but they agreed to trust my judgement.’ He turns to face him again, pretty sure his grin is visible through his mask. ‘So you better not annoy me.’
‘I believe he also made a comment about the teenager the Avengers have been showing an interest in,’ the first woman adds.
He finishes his catches in the main room with Laura and the children as they leave for bed, even catching Cassie before he teleports away from the apple Clint launches at his head.
‘We should do the silent auction for dances again,’ Pepper adds, ‘that generated a lot of money last time.’
‘You may regret that my dear Captain.’ He sees the tablet in Steve’s hands and raises an eyebrow. ‘Any particular reason you decided to steal my tablet? Did you break yours again?’
Bucky returns to the US and the team start the healing process. Tony takes on the council again and finds himself defending the man who killed his parents.
‘This line,’ Loki runs his finger along some of the markings, ‘it’s strange. It says “The true king shall remove all contenders” but I’m not sure why that would be put in a cave on Earth.’
Tony raises a hand in farewell, smiling at the warm feeling in his chest every time Peter calls him that.
‘I feel the title “Unsung Heroes” is apt for this group of guests, as well as the many people you work with. I know when I had my accident that left me unable to walk without the help of these mechanical braces, the real heroes that day were the medical staff who took me from the field and then cared for me in hospital, and the countless staff that then aided in my recovery in the months and years that have followed.
He’d started with the wormhole as that was where most of his nightmares started. He’d even shown them what he’d seen with the same machine they’d used with Bucky. But nothing could convey the cold he’d felt going through that wormhole, the sense of loss at not being able to contact Pepper and then losing JARVIS. How the last thing he’d thought he’d ever see would be the sight of that massive army, illuminated by the exploding nuke, and not knowing if it would be enough to wipe them all out.
Vision pulls the tearful girl away as Natasha kneels next to the prone boy, checking his pulse. She looks up at Steve, relief clear in her face. ‘He’s alive, just unconscious. Any news on Tony?’
Vision’s right. He’s always known that his ‘requests for leave’ have been to go and meet Wanda; he’s never mentioned it so that they can all have deniability if it ever went tits up and they got caught. When Vision had been preparing to leave the last time, only seven days ago now, he’d given him a folder asking him to pass it on to his ‘girlfriend’ to pass on to their ‘mutual friend’. Even in the facility, at least during the day, he’d been worried about using names in case any of the day staff overheard.
T’Challa laughs again. ‘She has not yet responded. It is traditional that she wait a week before giving her response; I will be able to tell you the answer when we come to visit at New Year.’
Loki gives her a wry smile. ‘We deemed it prudent to reach a truce and both caught the other at the same time. Though we’re not divulging that information to the group at large as we’re not sure if it would be classed as cheating.’
‘Yes, and Strange put me in a separate pocket of reality,’ Loki adds, ‘why would I want to spend more time with the third rate illusionist?’
He laughs a little. ‘He’s a pain in the arse a lot of the time, he likes to wind people up, especially Mr Stark and Captain Rogers. And Mr Wilson actually. And me. But he’s a nice guy; when I met the whole team for the first time after everyone was back he was the first one to make a real effort to make me feel included.’
‘Are you going to tell him about Deadpool?’ Ned asks quietly, finally closing his locker and the two of them head towards the front of the school. ‘Plus I’m pretty sure Mr Stark is the dictionary definition of making a scene.’
‘Guys can we not throw the baking ingredients around- oh right that does it Bucky it’s on!’ Sam shouts, picking up an egg and throwing it at the super soldier. ‘Oops sorry Doc.’
Suddenly Tony straightens up, snapping his fingers. ‘I’ve got it!’ Wanda jumps slightly at his outburst.
‘Maybe when we can actually be a bit more…open though,’ he sighs, hoping the sunglasses do a good enough job of hiding the disappointment he’s feeling.
Bucky scowls deeper and gives Tony the middle finger. ‘Yeah right, you two aren’t getting out of that bed for ages yet. If you leave me to deal with the terrible Christmas twins and Deadpool alone for any amount of time I’m coming down here and removing you both from bed. I don’t care how dressed or undressed you are!’ With that he stalks off, closing the door behind him.
As he pulls off his suit and puts on normal clothes to go have dinner with Aunt May he hesitates and takes out his phone, feeling a little disappointment at the lack of a new contact.
‘Pepper,’ Rhodes is obviously not happy with this, ‘you cannot say what Tony can or cannot do anymore.’
Sighing Wanda nods and climbs to her feet, knowing Natasha isn’t going to take no for an answer, and lets the older woman talk her through a fairly basic routine.
‘Whatever gave you that impression?’ she grins back at him. ‘Do you want to take Ned and MJ up to the rooms they’ve had before by yours?’
‘Err… yeah?’ Loki tries not to smirk at Bucky as Peter passes him another glass, he really does. He fails miserably.
Pepper looks at him with amusement. ‘Oh don’t worry Steve he wouldn’t actually fire me. He knows the company would fall apart if he did, not to mention he’d never know where he’s supposed to be.’
It’s unfortunate really. Not any lack of skill on his part, or any brilliant skill on theirs. He’s ducking under the rotor blades and webbing one guy up, and has to dodge backwards to avoid gunfire and manages to trip over some of the wreckage. As he goes down the blade catches him and sends him flying, disorientating him enough so when he lands it’s easy for one of the soldiers to grab him.
‘You’re the best of us kid,’ Steve tells him, ‘already you’re the best of us. And you’re only going to keep getting better. Just don’t beat yourself up about things that you can’t change, or you’ll end up destroying yourself.’
‘You didn’t need to kill him!’ Peter shouts, scrambling to his feet. ‘Karen was about to get Droney to stun him; I just needed a couple more seconds. You promised me you wouldn’t kill anyone!’
‘Shut up and put this shirt on. Now go get ready so I can make myself look so attractive my boyfriend won’t let me stay at the party.’
‘Then,’ Peter swallows back tears at the thought, ‘then Venom was right wasn’t he? He has left a part of him in me that means I’m going to act like him. Get angry more.’ He pulls his hands away and puts them in his lap, refusing to look up at Strange. ‘What if I end up like him?’ he asks quietly. ‘What if he ends up taking me over in a different way?’
Peter pulls his aunt into a tight hug, trying to hold back some of his tears before he started sobbing. ‘Thank you. I love you May.’
‘Yeah…just,’ Peter takes a breath, ‘when we get in, I want to check they’re…you know, actually the team. Is that…is that alright?’
Loki lets his Asgardian visage slip back into place and Tony sees realisation dawn on the alien’s face. ‘Well, well, so you did not perish as we thought, Asgardian. My master will be most disappointed.’
‘We’ve had word from Nakia,’ Okoye says, coming up to T’Challa. ‘She’s on her way back and she has a tribe with her, led by a priestess-princess who will be able to help. An hour or two and they will be with us.’
’ Steve asks, feeling so lost and not being able to show it to anyone other than Tony. Tony who always had the answers, Tony who could help him stand strong when his body felt more broken than it ever had before the serum.
to stand against the Fire Lady when she is angry and defending those she loves. Not even your Papa would dare to stand against her.’
He doesn’t give anyone hints this time, letting them see how much they remember; though if he were being honest he’s not sure he would be paying enough attention to keep up anyway. Loki’s heard the team joking about the time before Steve and Bucky went to war when the Winter Soldier was an infamous charmer and, caught in his dark blue gaze now Loki can believe it. Bucky doesn’t look away from him the whole time they perform the steps, eyes glittering with a smile and a myriad of things that Loki can’t focus on long enough to place. As they reach the end of the section, Bucky winks at him and then moves down the line; Tony takes his place and Loki scowls as he notices the inventor trying not to laugh.
Sam’s looking back at Peter though, and there’s something in his eyes that reminds him of Tony when he’s figuring something out. He beckons him forwards. ‘Go on, kid. Even if you don’t think it makes sense it’ll help.’
‘Any of them?’ Hammer echoes. ‘Or just the intern that’s more a son than an employee? Or the dear Captain who you’ve become more than a little closer to? Or what about the Soldier who so desperately wants your heart?’
‘Too damn right,’ the two of them look out over the sea of faces and wrapping paper in front of them. ‘I think this has been out best Christmas yet.’
‘Vis!’ she shouts, her power dancing at her fingertips before she can second guess herself. ‘Get everyone away.’ Her power wraps around the debris, and she strains against the weight. ‘Hurry!’
‘I don’t need to have met you to know who you are. I’ve taken power from people that know what you will become.’
‘Of course, it has. I leave nothing to chance,’ he responds, placing the file on his desk without reading it.
‘Is Mr Stark angry?’ he asks as he crawls down the wall, and honestly Sam has to work very hard not to freak out at the sight of the kid crawling down the wall head first.
Bucky feels a little of the tension leave his body as he heaves out a sigh. ‘Yeah but I didn’t exactly make it better.’
‘Well you are my self-appointed right hand woman when it comes to the Council apparently,’ he chuckles. ‘So I figured we’d be better off working out how to approach it together.’ At her smile he feels a little bundle of nerves ease off in his chest.
Steve goes to the wall in question and presses against it, watching as the wall slides away to reveal a hidden space containing a small pile of notebooks. He groans and leans against the wall. ‘Tony’s grinning isn’t he Peter?’
Bucky blinks, thinking he’s just been complimented but not sure if that was the trickster’s intention. ‘Um…thank you?’
Taking a deep breath he slowly looks up from the table top, taking in the casual clothes, until he reaches the mask and tries not to let the disappointment show on his face.
He tries to ignore the man as he pulls down part of the fence so it’s low enough for the students to climb over and get away. Helping one or two of the less acrobatic ones over.
So there you go! One big summary of the previous series. Now you can either say: “thank god I don’t have to waste my time reading that shit”, or: “hmm I’ll see what this story is like then maybe I’ll check it out”.
‘Yeah- yeah we should,’ Steve’s brain is still trying to catch up with what just happened. As Tony heads towards the door he calls out to him. ‘Tony? You know we’re probably going to fight again but… I just want you to know I’m not going to be afraid to say sorry anymore.’
‘I know,’ he says, pressing a kiss to the top of her head, ‘I just…I never really tell you what you mean to me and the family. Just wanted to make sure you knew.’
Loki lowers the book again but the scowl is still on his face. ‘Yes Barnes I have experience with mind control. Both
why we need to do this,’ Bucky’s voice drifts up from the bottom, ‘as he’s already forgotten Peter usually does this testing out Tony’s new inventions for our agents, which means usually Peter has some form of tech to help with getting over obstacles.’ The dark-haired man gives them a grin, which covers the look he shoots Steve. ‘Sure you don’t want me to take over, Cap, obviously you’re getting senile in your old age.’
Standing and looking over the city he takes out his phone and calls Happy. He’s not worried any more when it goes straight to voicemail, he’s worked out it means it can be saved for Mr Stark to listen to. ‘Hey Happy it’s me. So had a bit of an interesting patrol today. Started off pretty slow, there was a guy grabbed a lady’s bag right under me, which you know not so smart, and I managed to string him to a lamppost and give the lady back her bag. Then some tourists got really excited and wanted a picture, so that took up a good five minutes; they also wanted directions to somewhere, I think it was Central Park, but I’m not sure. That’s where I sent them anyway.
Tony groans. ‘God don’t remind me. I felt like Dad,’ Steve notices how his voice sours a little at the mention of Howard. ‘It’s stupid really,’ Tony continues. ‘I mean I was in and out of detention at school and it’s not exactly done me much harm. He doesn’t know it but he’s got a guaranteed job at Stark Industries as soon as he’s finished all the education he wants.’
‘The only place you aren’t allowed without permission is my workshop,’ Tony says, standing up and stretching. ‘But then no one is.’
And so it continues, as the light from the small windows at the top of their walls gradually fades, and the odd star is all they can see.
Tony has a bad reaction to going swimming, and the team decide they need to intervene in their resident inventor's health.
‘You look happier Barnes,’ she comments, noticing the lessening of the tension in his shoulders and face, and a little more of a spark behind his eyes.
‘I may not have known what it was like to be overlooked for a sibling, Loki, but I know what it was like to be looked at simply for what I was able to give the company. I was the golden goose, not a person.’
Sam opens his mouth to reply when there’s an ear shattering explosion from in front of them and the two cars in front, one carrying some of the team and one carrying their escort, launch into the air. Their driver slams on the breaks and Natasha just has time to shove Sam into some semblance of the brace position before their car flips over, spinning a couple of times before it comes to a rest on its roof. Behind them she hears the squeal of tyres as the other car carrying their team comes to a stop.
‘Look Stark as much as I appreciate the offer I very much doubt I’ll fit into any of your stuff,’ Wade sighs, lingering at the entrance to Tony and Steve’s walk-in wardrobe.
‘We believe he knows where the Soul stone is,’ Thor interjects, ‘and the Reality stone is with the Collector. We need a ship which is able to take us first to Nidavellir in order to have a weapon forged by the dwarves there, and then take us on to the Collector so that I may reclaim the Reality stone.’
‘Except Carol of course. And Phil. I was so glad Phil came back. Maybe I should have got Phil to come here, he’s good at cleaning up messes. Always cleaned up after you guys.’
‘Then pack your bag for a couple of nights stay. Bring the mask if you really want to, but don’t be surprised if it goes missing. I’ll be waiting downstairs. Be there in ten minutes tops or I’m coming back up here and dragging you down. I need someone who supports the watching of Die Hard.’
‘It might explain why your device malfunctioned and you swapped with your counterpart,’ Tony adds. ‘But if they hadn’t realised it had worked until that confrontation, I’d say they weren’t close to the technology and your counterpart had potentially stolen it from them.’
‘You aren’t the one Steve sent down to the post room on the first of December to pick up the packages. There’s a big box down there I need to go back for as well,’ he responds, turning and heading back out the door.
‘Eww… now you’re getting gross,’ Wanda scrunches her nose up as she continues to read over his shoulder.
the worst is that could happen. He did promise Steve to not leave any projects running in the background though.
When they turn the corner MJ starts opening a classroom door for them to hide in and Ned turns to him, a frown on his face. ‘Just friends, huh? Since when do you have his number? Also that looked a hell of a lot like more than friends to me! And you told him your name!’
She frowns and sips on more of the, now cooler, cocoa to give herself time to find an answer. She hadn’t really thought about it herself. ‘I guess…when everything else is changing, the traditions that we have help us to remember the people that have…that aren’t here.’
‘I’m hoping there will be many more,’ he reassures him. Then, throwing caution to the wind he reaches up to cup Tony’s cheek with one hand and presses a soft kiss to the inventor’s lips.
‘Alright Avengers listen up,’ Steve says as they all prepare themselves, ‘this is it: this is what we’ve been preparing for. When that shield comes down we’ve got nothing between us and them, and we’re the only thing between them and Vision’s stone. If they get that, well its game over, because I don’t want to face Thanos when he has more stones, let alone when he gets them all. So we stop them here and we stop them now, whatever it takes. We’re the last line of defence for the galaxy, not just for Earth. But we can beat this son-of-a-bitch, because we’re all here and we’re facing him together.’
She looks up at the sound of Clint’s voice and tries not to cry as the archer pulls her into a tight hug.
‘I’m sorry, who kept begging me for a suit?’ Tony asks, moving to take a seat in one of the armchairs; Bucky follows behind him, the man has been like a second shadow ever since they got back. He’s still trying to work out if he’s creeped out by it.
‘You’ll be fine, Bucky. Come on we’ll help you get your feet,’ Tony encourages, voice soft. ‘Come on, let’s head towards the ice. You ready Steve?’
Sam follows, ducking out before he can either vomit or pass out, and stumbles back to his room with Peter as his crutch, with Scott following not long after.
Peter gives a shaky laugh and sniffs. ‘Peter?’ the boy turns to look at Steve. ‘Why don’t you go tell Nat and the others that he’s awake?’ The boy nods and, giving Tony a proper hug this time, runs from the room to go and find the assassin.
‘Well we all appeared back on Titan and then Doctor Strange started doing his fizzy magic thing and said we had to get back to Earth and get everyone else because you guys would be up here and need some help. So we went back to Wakanda, which by the way is
‘Yeah anyway I should probably get moving because if we pass an ice cream parlour you know Loki’s going to insist we go in so, yeah, bye,’ and with that he takes off down the corridor before Sam’s even made it down the ladder.
He takes his shot and waits before its Peter’s turn again before replying. ‘I didn’t get chance before I left and I forgot my charger. I was getting Weasel to charge it so I could call you.’ He frowns at the brown-eyed teenager moving past him. ‘What’s
He turns to look at the other two. ‘I’m also going to suggest that, whilst we’re getting everyone back, no one goes out alone.’
‘Oh, thanks,’ Steve says, blinking at the complete change in helpfulness from this nurse compared to the last one.
Not able to bring himself to meet those blue eyes Tony turns to look out of the window. ‘Not much of any of that anymore.’
‘You still cannot think it’s a good idea to just bring them all back,’ Aizama says after some quiet deliberation. ‘How can we know they won’t start another fight? And how are you going to contact them?
‘But it will be the place where someone linked to HYDRA is holed up,’ Clint replies, ‘so it’s a good place to start.’
‘Go,’ Steve tells him, and they share one look of equal parts hope and despair until the fizzing sound has Peter turning and racing through the portal. ‘Hurry,’ he whispers, then looks down at Tony, who is struggling to stay conscious. ‘Pete’s going to save you Tony. You just got to hold on until he gets the reactor alright? He’s coming. Please, honey,
Peter shuts his mouth with an audible click, he can feel the blood draining from his face at Harry’s words and starts to feel a little light headed.
Valkyrie sobers up, casting a quick glance around the table to make sure no one is listening to them she then lowers her voice. ‘Tell me truthfully: how difficult are you finding this without her here?’
‘Not that I don’t appreciate the trust you’re showing in telling me all of this, Stark,’ Bucky says as the story draws to an end. ‘But
‘Oh I shouldn’t worry about the prostitution side of things,’ Natasha grins, ‘anyone tries to make a pass at him he just blushes bright red and nearly runs off. It’s kind of cute really.’
‘Tony?’ he can’t help but close his eyes and breathe a small sigh of relief when he hears that voice. He hasn’t heard it in a year.
‘I ain’t going to tell him, are you?’ Wade cocks his head to one side as Peter finally draws level with him.
There’s a pause before Peter’s voice, sounding very small, comes through the ear piece. ‘It’s just… every time something big happens all I seem to do is screw up.’
‘Look Rocket I don’t think it’s fair to just gate crash on these guys’ Christmas that’s all I’m trying to say. Maybe instead of insisting we take part, you should
Rhodes came down about ten minutes after Steve left but he refused to let FRIDAY open the door. Natasha had tried an hour later, and Sam about thirty minutes after her, but they’d all got the same response.
Tony laughs. ‘That is most definitely a conversation for another time, babe, right now we’re getting side tracked. I don’t think Peter’s in any danger from the relationship side of things with Wade,’ he cocks his head as he thinks, ‘I mean Peter was telling us, well more like moaning, about the rules Wade had put in when they agreed to date. He even went so far as to say they weren’t allowed to kiss before Peter was eighteen.’
‘There’s been a lot of…adversity, to the suggestion of HYDRA being involved in trying to control the team,’ Steve answers.
The world seems to move in slow motion as he watches Steve, Clint and Natasha go to intercept Thanos one last time. He forces himself to his feet, watching Thor and Steve attack with lightning. Then he raises his hand.
‘What you think it’s a walk in the park reliving all the people you killed under someone else’s control?’ the soldier snaps.
The man raises an eyebrow. ‘The squad who have a member using the new prosthesis right? Why didn’t you come with the rest of them?’
Steve shakes his head, his smile turning decidedly mischievous. He can’t help but wish he had a camera so he could see that smile a lot more often. ‘I figured you could use some entertainment.’
‘Hey stop,’ Tony cuts him off. ‘I’m glad you did, Steve. If you hadn’t told me what had happened with Bucky I wouldn’t have been able to help, and I wouldn’t have found out that there’s someone in my company trying to sabotage my attempts to branch out from weapons.’
Steve groans, but comes back over to him, framing his face in his large hands and pressing a kiss to his lips.
He’d heard Tony mentioning to Steve earlier he had to finish something for Natasha’s present and knew the inventor would most likely be leaving the workshop now. The workshop where he knew for a fact that Steve had hung a sprig of mistletoe in order to catch the inventor under it numerous times over Christmas. Those two were so sickening. If Loki were soft he’d find it sweet. Which he most certainly does not.
‘You wouldn’t shut up about the stupid thing so we’re coming and doing it so we can see what the big deal is.’
Through all of it Tony hasn’t said a word, no one in the room has. Peter suddenly realises that at some point in his tirade they’ve ended up sitting on one of the sofas, and the tears have been falling down his face and soaking Tony’s shirt. The man runs a soothing hand up and down his back and Peter suddenly feels like the sixteen year old boy he is. Not a super-hero, not an honorary Avenger, not someone whose best friends with a mercenary with stupid healing abilities, not a kid who’s lucky enough to have an internship with Stark Industries: he’s just a teenager from Queen’s who’s reached his limit with people at school and letting himself be comforted by his father figure.
‘He might come after you too,’ he says quietly, staring down at the new contact in his phone. ‘If he finds out I’m Spider-Man, he could come after you.’
‘Sam beat them in a race today,’ Natasha explains, ‘with some help from the two best female Avengers of course.’
A/N: Hey everyone! I hope you enjoyed FINALLY getting to the Stony! Hopefully this makes up for all the crap I put Tony through in the last few chapters.
‘They are when you’ve heard them five hundred times,’ he mutters, just loud enough for Peter to hear and he starts sniggering.
‘I got it!’ Peter says, firing a web at the flying object, and promptly gets dragged along behind it. ‘Hey!’ his shout of surprise is quickly swallowed as he gets dragged face first into the dirt and he lets go of the web. Another blaster sends the ball away again.
Matt shrugs. ‘Your heart rate didn’t increase, which tells me you aren’t lying. Now why didn’t you tell them you’d met me?’
Bucky gets a visit in hospital from the last person in the world he was expecting to see. He also learns his best friend is even more of an idiot than he first thought.
‘You’re supposed to craft something that represents something you have done this past year that you can be proud of,’ Thor repeats, passing out more chunks to people.
‘So what’s our next steps? Now that Ajax can take the news that Deadpool is with the Avengers back to HYDRA where do we go?’ she asks, pushing aside all of her former questions to one side.
‘I don’t give a fuck what the balloon animal wannabe says,’ I snap. ‘I’ll die. I’ll come back. Now give me the fucking gauntlet before Thanos kills everyone!’
‘Tony?’ Steve hurries towards them. ‘Are you sure you should be heading outside? We can bring everyone up to the common area and-’
‘Yeah I like to keep upgrading. The old man always said once you stop improving something it’s time to throw in the towel,’ he says, stepping into the legs and arms of his suit, sending the rest to the side lines.
Do let me know what you think of these chapters, they're a hint as to where this special is going, and throughout the story there is going to be hints as to what I currently have planned in the main series. So keep your eyes peeled and see if you can spot them!
‘True,’ Sam nods, ‘must have been hard trying to combine two completely different lives in her head.’
‘At least make toasts we can all understand!’ Shuri complains as the others down their glasses. She quickly refills her own and says something in Wakanda, knocking her drink back and raising her now empty glass in a toast. ‘Or we’ll all start making our way around the galaxy in toasts.’
‘It appears,’ Strange says, cutting off Loki as he opens his mouth to reply, ‘that during your little experiment the apparent master of magic managed to make a mistake that resulted in you forming a mental bond.’
‘Hey, come on kid. It takes more than a couple of HYDRA goons to keep me down. I’ve faced alien armies, a guy with fire breathing abilities, and not to mention you giving me a scare every other day. I highly doubt someone like Justin Hammer is going to be the one to finish me off.’
‘Steve?’ Tony’s not sure if Bucky’s tone is a deliberate copy of the kid’s but it does the job and Steve joins them with a good natured sigh.
lose Wade, he can’t imagine what Wanda and Quill are going through, and Wanda has more hope than Quill at this point.
‘Goodnight,’ Loki says softly, watching her leave. Then he turns to where Bucky is sitting in the shadows. ‘Trying to perfect your sneak abilities?’
‘I have to say I’m not impressed with the way you ran this fucking show, Fury,’ Wade says from behind him, and right now Peter is more than happy to let him take the lead. ‘You basically left Pete to fend for himself during all of this shit. How the
She shrugs. ‘Wouldn’t you be if you were in his shoes? Think about it Steve: the people who literally tortured him to the point where his body mutated to protect him are walking around possibly continuing their program
‘The image is not clear enough for me to be able to make them out clearly, and my Jotun is not as good as it should be all things considered. I’d be more likely to interpret their meaning and age should I see them in the flesh.’
Tony and Nick begin to explain some of the plan they've been working on, and more allies continue to arrive and provide their input. The preparations to face Thanos begin.
‘Drastic, but sort of puts my mind at ease,’ Tony admits, ‘I’m not sure if I should be worried about that or not. Sure it says something about my mental state.’
‘That’s not all of it. Look, I get there was something you didn’t want Pete to find out about, and I won’t be going to tell Steve and Fury as soon as we get back. I just want to know what I’m getting into here, Wade. We’re here to have your back, we’re here to support you, to be part of your team. We can’t do that if we’re going in half blind.’
‘If we’re going to be based here we need to keep working on getting it cleaned up,’ Hope points out, as she sets a platter of sandwiches on the table, ‘and we need to know if any of it is going to fall down on our heads.’
Steve wakes up the next morning to a pair of arms tightening around his stomach. He smiles and looks down at the mop of dark hair resting on his chest. ‘I’m still getting used to the fact that Tony Stark loves to cuddle,’ he laughs softly, running fingers through the inventor’s hair. He knows Tony’s awake; the man barely sleeps, but at least he’s been staying in bed longer since Steve moved in to his room.
Stark sighs, goes to the foot of the bed and, taking Bucky’s notes, hands them over to the doctor. The surgeon, as Bucky assumes this is the brain surgeon friend he’d mentioned earlier, takes it with a glare and then looks down and reads the notes. ‘He’s the one who volunteered for the arm.’
‘You had the potential for magic right from birth, a witch just waiting to wake up,’ Agatha continues speaking, circling her like a vulture in her long black dress, ‘and then you were exposed to an infinity stone. You know, I wonder what would have happened to me if I’d had the same opportunity.’
Bucky gives a small laugh. ‘It seems Tony got it into his head that the whole fight between the team was his fault,’ he explains as the doors open and they step into the glass box. Bucky presses the button for the basement where the workshop is. ‘So he’s also decided that he has to be the one to fix everything.’
‘Tell me about growing up,’ he says, closing his eyes. ‘Loki helps me when I’m in there by letting me go through the link and be with him. But it doesn’t stop them hurting my body and I need to find a way to relax so it can heal up as much as possible before they come back for me. So, tell me about you growing up. Tell me about your brother.’
‘Alright everyone this afternoon Thor is going to be talking a bit about inter-galactic diplomacy,’ Natasha calls the attention back to her, ‘which is either going to sound really exciting or really boring to you, but I promise we’ve got a couple of activities to try and make it more interesting.’
, Bruce?’ she asks, defensive as old feelings were fighting their way to the surface. ‘Last I remember you and Hulk decided you were better off alone.’
She sighs. ‘You’re lucky your ability to cause such wonderful death outweighs your foul language. I am offering you the chance to rule over the land of the dead here at my side for eternity. I can restore your looks to how you were before your mutation took hold, and I can give you eternal youth; you can still visit the world of the living on occasion if you choose, but you must bring a soul back with you as payment. You and I, Wade Wilson, can rule together. Forever young, forever healthy, and forever together.’
Tony smiles and puts his hand on the boy’s shoulder. ‘Because I know you, Pete. There’s not one thing you’ve put your mind to that you’ve failed in yet. You remember when you said you just wanted to be like me, and I said I wanted you to be better?’ The boy nods. ‘You already are, in every way. There’s no one else who could be my heir in anything Pete, either in SI, in the Avengers, or as a man.’
No one is surprised when Tony gets up on stage as the gala draws to a close and announces the start of the ‘after-party’, immediately the music picks up in pace. Around half the guests have already left at this point, so there is now more space on the floor for the guests who apparently still have plenty of energy to head to the middle of the room and start dancing to the more upbeat music.
‘What you thinking about, Stevie?’ Bucky asks after a few moments of quiet, leaning back against the wall next to him.
Peter nods. ‘Yeah course I am. It’ll be good to be able to see him without everyone anyway.’ Then he turns and gives Tony a hug.
Francis’ laughter rings out as Bucky finishes preparing the rifle and peeks over the top of the crates. ‘Just like you did with Vanessa, Wade? Or you doing better this time?’
Thor knows he can’t win this fight. The Titan is too strong. But he’s not going to give up and roll over like a coward. So he struggles to hold Stormbreaker away from his chest and snarls at his enemy above him. The blade is just about to pierce his armour when something smacks into the side of Thanos’ head, knocking him off balance, and then flies back the way it came, hitting him on the other side of the head as it does.
‘Now to me,’ Fury says as he comes up alongside her, ‘that face means you’re planning something. Do I want to know?’
‘The fact you gave me an honest answer and not the one you thought I wanted means I’ll follow Tony’s lead and trust you on this,’ she says after a few moments of silence.
A/N: Hi everyone! It's finally finished. I'm so sorry it's taken so long, I hope it was worth the wait. Thank you so much for all the reviews you've been leaving on this story, I'm glad you'd enjoyed it so far I hope the end lived up to expectations. And by popular demand Bucky/Loki came back.
‘A fool that saved us,’ Valkyrie points out. ‘Odin knows he’s never going to be my favourite person, but he did try to kill Thanos to protect you.’
‘He even took away my entry override,’ Rhodes gripes, then he grins. ‘Though you should have seen his reaction when Vision phased through the wall to say good morning. It was priceless.’
‘We’re celebrating Yule this year as well for the Asgardians,’ he explains; then he and Loki explain to the other two about the planned celebrations. ‘You guys are invited to the party on the twenty-first if you’d like to come?’
Casting a look around him as he reaches the street he heaves a heavier sigh than he would have normally done in public. God he was going to be glad when everyone was back. As he turns to go to his car he notices something at the bus stop across the road. Or rather
Steve lets out a small sigh of relief. So far things are going smoothly. Natasha appears in the doorway, slipping her gun away she swiftly glides over to the bank of computers and slips a pen drive into one of the slots. ‘You ready Tony?’
‘Avengers!’ Steve yells, and he hears the team running towards them through the woods, sees Thor’s form flying over the trees. Peter flips back, black webs still attached to the gauntlet and holding Thanos’ arm back as the rest of the team appear around them, circling the two combatants. They don’t need another word to move as one, converging on their greatest enemy.
‘Don’t worry, Steve, I’ve no intention of stealing your man. I’m not sure I’d be able to cope with him as well as you do,’ Loki reassures him with a smile.
‘And you’re learning way too much from him,’ she counters. ‘Alright everyone please follow me and Sam and we’ll show you to your rooms.’
‘Hey no powers!’ the kid yells, taking off after Sam at a speed that is definitely faster than a normal powers.
Bucky thinks as consciousness begins to creep up on him. There’s a lot of people talking, though it sounds like they’re shouting, and he’s got a pounding headache.
‘Tony I know I don’t deserve to have such an incredible man in my life,’ Steve cuts him off before he can properly start his sentence, ‘not after every reason that I’ve given you to run in the opposite direction. You’ve proven again and again how incredibly strong you are, and you show every day just how much you care about those around you; you are the most intelligent, creative, amusing man I know and it is an honour to know you and to have you in my life. I’ll never be alive long enough to do enough to be worthy of your love but I’m willing to do everything I can to come close if you’d let me. Tony Stark, I love you, will you marry me?’
‘Yes,’ Tony clears his throat, trying to get rid of the lump on his vocal chords. ‘That copy I sent you was one I was given to keep after it was signed and agreed. I’ll just have to tell Ross I misplaced it if he ever asks.’
Loki gives a mirthless laugh. ‘The Casket of Ancient Winters was destroyed with Asgard, so unfortunately no.’ He sighs. ‘Having spent some time in my Jotun form, however, it is now easier for me to see where my Asgardian visage ends and my Jotun one begins so I am hoping it will be easier for me to change between them.’
He feels Steve shift slightly to look at the clock and makes a noise of protestation. His boyfriend just chuckles again and runs a hand through his hair as he twists back. ‘Um… just after half seven.’
‘Sure thing, boss,’ the AI responds as the doors to the vehicle are kicked open and gunmen start to jump down.
‘It’s protecting us but also making sure, if you need our skills, we can come and help,’ Scott nods.
Wade cuts him off, darting forwards and pressing a hard kiss to Peter’s lips, backing him up so the teen is caught between the wall and him. He breaks it off before the teenager can get his brain in gear to return the kiss. ‘Do you have any idea how fucking hot you are when you’re taking out burly mercenaries
Bucky growls, feeling his frustration rising at the god’s aggressive tone, and stands up. ‘Look all I want to know is if what HYDRA did to me is going to make me more susceptible to mind control when Thanos gets here, because if it is I need to know so I can find a way to stop that from happening. Because I’ll be
Bucky had got them through the checkpoint without any problem, mumbling some excuse about the usual driver, whose name they’d got from his ID, had come down with a bad case of food poisoning and being directed to a holding bay. They’d made quick work of the three guards near the van and now the boys were off laying the charges.
‘We have blood to spare,’ she replies, gesturing behind her at the army massing at the tree line, then turns and walks back towards them.
‘You think you can defeat me?’ Thanos laughs as Peter plants himself between them. ‘The power of these stones enabled me to convince your magician friend to give up his stone. The rest of your group are barely able to stand where I left them. And you, child, you think you can face me alone?’
‘Strange said he’d be here for Christmas,’ Steve continues, and Tony can see the physical pain it causes his boyfriend to refrain from rolling his eyes, ‘but Wong has to stay at Kamar-Taj this year, he’ll probably head over for the Yule feast and stay through. Carol said she’d join us but wouldn’t be here until Christmas Eve. Scott has Cassie this year as her mom has to go somewhere for work, so they’ll both join us the day before Yule and stay through as well, Hope’s apparently organised a surprise for Hank and Janet to spend Christmas in a hotel somewhere so she’ll come with them.’
‘You have been having a few downcast moments,’ he explains, ‘but you seem to get more of them around other people, especially when they are feeling troubled or disappointed.’ There’s a pause as she doesn’t respond and he doesn’t push for input from her. ‘May I ask: why do you feel the need to complete so many of everyone’s traditions this year?’
Clint swallows. ‘Yeah, I’ll come part the way in now so you don’t have to come so far,’ he calls, and crawls a little further into the hole. There’s the sound of pained grunts from the other side and then Rhodes’ arms and head appear in front of him, the man in obviously considerable pain. ‘Grab onto me,’ he says, reaching forwards until their hands are linked. ‘You ready?’
‘Master Loki?’ FRIDAY pipes up. ‘Master Thor is asking if you are awake and for you to join them, he says he is eager to begin the Yule celebrations.’
‘What are you two up to?’ Steve asks, eyeing Natasha trying to get her laughter under control and Tony’s innocent expression. The Captain raises an eyebrow at him. ‘What are you doing now, Tony?’
‘So while you leave us to do all of the hard work,’ a teasing voice that has Sam groaning in mortification says from behind them, ‘you’re just hanging around.’
What I did want to ask all of you is: what would you like me to do next instead? I’m going to put a list of the ideas below and you guys comment and let me know what you’d like to see. Or comment with any requests, I’m always happy to try doing requests for side projects.
‘Yeah I got a bone to pick with you,’ Bucky raises an eyebrow at him, waiting for the nurse to finish her jobs and leave and for Steve to take a seat, a much comfier seat than what he’d had before, before continuing. ‘So you failed to mention you’d spoken to someone at Stark Industries.’
Natasha doesn’t seem to mind the girl’s boldness. ‘Any other weekend I would have said no problem, but I’m afraid we need Peter to help with a project that can’t wait.’
'Come here,' Sam sighs, coming to stand in front of him wearing a matching black suit, 'honestly, Cap, I thought you'd done this millions of times.'
‘You alright?’ Wade just nods, but there’s a strange look in his eyes that Peter can’t place. ‘Well I’d say whoever we find first. Clint and Natasha are used to working together so they’re going to be tough anyway; but Tony and Steve are going to be ridiculous to beat working together.’
He shakes his head, bringing the menu over to the bed and sits next to her, taking her hands in his. ‘You are the most important thing to me in this world, and I would rather spend the time with you, than I would working. Besides we all need a little break to be rested in preparation for our enemy’s arrival.’
‘Nice catch,’ Bucky comments as Peter catches a car before it hits a bus. ‘Can see why you think he’d be useful.’
Strange shrugs. ‘I shall have the Time Stone away from Kamar-Taj so they will not be together at least.’
‘Shh, I know,’ the inventor’s fingers are carding through his hair. ‘We’ll get him back. We’ll get them
Rumlow has gone still and is staring at Tony with a look that is making Steve nervous. He catches Bucky’s eye and his friend nods minutely. They’ve got to be ready to step in. ‘I don’t know what you’re implying,
‘What?!?’ Peter’s isn’t the only shout to interrupt Mr Harris. He can feel his heart pounding in his ears.
‘I’m just testing all the bullshit that comes out of your mouth, Stark. Strangely enough I don’t trust your judgement when it comes to the rest of the team. If you ask me you were almost
‘You mean you don’t want to get covered in this fantastic shade?’ he asks, holding up a tube of bright pink dust.
‘I was expecting some kind of Christmas goblin to have vomited everywhere,’ he admits, taking a seat at the breakfast bar next to Sam, ‘but this seems very subdued after the stories Natasha told me.’
‘I say we let him go after a hippo,’ Wade’s voice drifts down the corridor, ‘it would be entertaining if nothing else.’
Natasha can hear Steve chuckling as the AI responds. ‘I’m sorry Colonel, but you do not have authority to override any of Mr Stark’s orders. I might suggest you contact Miss Potts, who still does have authority.’
Watery brown eyes look back at him and Peter nods. ‘I understand,’ he whispers, wiping at his eyes with his sleeve.
,’ Tony continues, ‘if that wasn’t enough for the monsters to have to deal with, then they came to the castle walls and they faced an even fiercer opponent. For this opponent was one they could not see and so did not know how to defeat; but this opponent knew everything that happened within the castle walls and would do anything needed to keep the prince and princess save from harm. They couldn’t even
‘From what Loki has said I do not think they will be much easier than their master,’ Strange counters.
‘What’s the situation?’ Tony asks as they enter the briefing room, Rhodes is already sat at the long table, a tablet in his hands. Vision hasn’t arrived yet.
Tony does his best to grin at the last sentence. ‘Thank you for confirming my suspicions, Justin. As always, it’s a pleasure doing business with you.’
‘Well…let’s be honest who is going to be annoying who the most with this new found ability? My money is on one of them seriously hurting the other within three days.’
‘Yeah: we got to find them, sure. We’ve also got to be prepared for the fact that we might not find them until
‘You’re on,’ Peter laughs, scrambling to his feet and grabbing Sam’s abandoned web; Steve picks up his own again and Thor picks up his own and Bucky’s discarded one.
She sees the uncertainty in Tony’s eyes and the way he tries obviously not to look at them down the camera; behind her Bucky is all but growling, and she can feel the hostility from both him and Steve. Daring a look back she almost wishes she hadn’t, because the looks on both of the soldiers’ faces are terrifying.
‘Not joining them, Cap?’ Rhodes asks, leaning up against the bar next to Steve, his tie hanging loose around his neck and his suit jacket open.
Thor surges forwards, getting a better grip on Stormbreaker to slice at the Titan and scrambling to his feet, belatedly realising it was Mjolnir that had been his saviour.
‘Alright,’ Natasha agrees, and Peter sees her give Tony a concerned look over the top of Steve’s head. He wonders if the comment Bruce had made about his different futures had upset the soldier more than he was willing to admit. ‘Come on boys, let’s go.’
‘What do you think it is, Wade?’ Steve asks. When the merc doesn’t respond he sighs in frustration. ‘I can’t agree to send a member of the team with you if I don’t know what they’re getting themselves into. That’s just irresponsible leadership and I won’t endanger anyone that way. And it’s obviously dangerous, Wade, because you won’t even contemplate taking Peter with you.’
She smiles then and nods, squeezing his hand back. ‘Remind me to get Nat to teach me more self-defence when we get back.’
‘But the name would stay on the official mission reports to keep the identities secret, even from the majority of individuals working alongside the team,’ Tony explains. ‘The only ones who would really know any of this would be official team members, and certain individuals outside of the team, such as Nick or Hill.’
The sound of a gunshot rings out and Peter looks down, expecting to see some sign of a bullet. When he looks back up the man has crumpled to the floor. ‘Pool!’ he spots the mercenary behind the men. They turn around and the merc sends off a few more rounds, felling a soldier with each shot.
Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t a little bit nervous about how this night would turn out, he wasn’t exactly looking forwards to the kid growing up a little bit more. He sighs and shrugs on his suit jacket and decides to go and find his boyfriend. If anyone can calm him down it’ll be Steve.
‘It has to be. Thanos used Gamora to get the stone, so there has to be a way we can use the stone to get her back,’ Quill’s voice is almost desperate and Peter unconsciously tightens his grip on Wade’s hand, receiving a reassuring squeeze back. He knows how much it hurt to
Steve joins Tony in the kitchenette of the common area as the rest of the team start pulling up enough chairs and cushions for them to sit in front of the TV. Peter’s chattering away about how he still can’t believe that Bucky’s not seen any of the Star Wars films, and is thinking out loud about the best order to watch them all in. Sam and Rhodes are adding their input and there’s a good natured debate going on about whether they should bother with the prequels at all.
Tony’s blinking and staring at him as though he’s struggling to process what he’s heard. ‘Wait….you want me to go to dinner with you? Tonight?’
‘Suit yourself losers,’ he shrugs as he goes to join the others, pulling Natasha into a fast paced dance that has the red head laughing; Sam joins them a few second later and the two men keep stealing the assassin from each other.
‘And how long will that take?’ he asks, Tony can tell Bucky is getting more worried as the days go by. It’s been two days since his meeting with Natasha and they’ve all been working non-stop; Bucky and Tony have only had about five hours sleep each as they’ve stayed up talking while Wanda and Vision slept, going over the words one by one and trying to work out the reasons Hydra had chosen them. Vision had commented that his tired brain was easier to manipulate so they’d tried to keep on the edge of being productive. It was a good thing Tony had plenty of practise with little sleep, he didn’t want the soldier to be left awake by himself.
‘And not give you an opportunity to prove to the super soldiers how strong you are?’ she teases, getting hold of around half of the boxes with her powers and walking off.
Peter smiles and turns to look up at him. ‘As long as you’ve got my back, Wade,’ he tells him, running a hand up to cup his cheek, ‘we can take on anything.’
Tony laughs, trying not to cry as Clint stands up and goes to stand at the edge of the clearing, determined to protect him from any incoming enemies. It doesn’t take long for Natasha to return, the glowing purple stone attached to her glove.
‘NO!’ he cries, upon seeing the figure clutched in Thanos’ non-gauntleted hand. He’s moving before anyone can stop him, because he will not let one of his people die because of his orders.
Steve waits next to Natasha and Clint on top of one of the buildings surrounding the old Expo site. Rhodes is currently doing a scan of the area with his armour, and they’re waiting for his results to move. The rest of the team is stationed around the area in groups, all waiting for his signal, Bucky’s in charge of one and Sam the other until Rhodes returns to them.
‘As combat leader yes,’ Nick nods, ‘you all follow him in the field as it is, he has proven track record, and is one of the best tacticians on the planet.’
‘Wanda’s with him now,’ she answers, ‘they’re in his room. We’ve put Ned and MJ in two rooms just down the corridor and informed their parents. They’re all sleeping, or at least trying to. What’s the situation here?’
‘And you were doing so well,’ Peter groans as he lets Wade lead him back inside, though he can’t help the smile on his face, especially when he catches Tony’s eye and the man raises his glass to him in a silent toast.
‘You want the entrance on the south side,’ a voice says behind them, ‘used to be the old food delivery entrance from what I can gather.’
He feels the bullets ripping up the tarmac behind him, showering the back of his legs with sharp stones. Then one hits his leg and he stumbles, curling his body around Wanda’s to protect her.
A/N: Hope you enjoyed the double update this week. I'd love to know what you think about Wanda being the first member of the team to learn about the relationship between Peter and Wade.
‘He will come back,’ the Symbiote gestured at Wade. ‘He wouldn’t leave you when I tried to drive him away, thisssss will not keep him away either.’ And with that he’d disappeared, leaving Peter to wonder when murderous aliens had become almost-friends.
I hope you all enjoy this chapter, I thought a little more bonding time would be needed as things are really going to start kicking off in the next chapter. I have written up to Chapter 45, and there's about six more to write so I'm nearly done with writing the story. I'll be keeping updates to single chapters until it is finished though, just in case I get a period of time where I don't get chance to write and I lose all my backlog - meaning you'd have to wait longer than a week to get an update! Once I have finished it, though, I may start back with the double updates. So watch this space!
safe.’ He raises a hand when Peter starts to argue. ‘If you keep yourself safe you have the chance to save more people in the future. You do the suicide play for the person who’s just going to get shot two seconds after you? No point. Not when you can potentially save the remaining ten people if you’re still alive and uninjured.
‘Suit yourself, Iron Man,’ the soldier says, pointing the gun at Peter. ‘We’ve only got orders to take
‘Hey Squidward! Go get your own wizard, this one’s ours!’ Tony’s blasts the alien backwards. ‘Pete get our wizard.’
Natasha’s eyes go wide. ‘Peter’s not in shot. Not fully.’ Tony presses play again, only pausing again once Bucky has gone to block Peter from view.
‘Well see a little birdie told me,’ the man says, ‘that you could. So when you next see Mr Wilson I’d like you to pass on a message to him.’ He hands a card over to Weasel, who doesn’t take it and so he places it on top of the bar with a smile. ‘Tell him we’d like to help improve what Ajax started.’
Thank you so much for all the wonderful support for this story; honestly all of the comments have just been incredible and I feel so lucky to have such wonderful readers enjoying this story.
‘What the hell?’ he’s so shocked he can’t dodge the force that sends him sliding backwards across the floor. Something was different about this tone, and he
‘Thor I told you to leave me alone,’ Loki snaps, trying to get his brother to move without touching him and injuring him.
‘Yeah but everyone else is going to be heading off for the UN in a couple of days,’ the teen argues. ‘You won’t have them here, and then I’ll be in Europe too and-’
Secondly the whole team is sat in the common area, and it looks like they’ve been waiting to perform some kind of intervention. At least that’s what he understands from Steve’s apologetic look as he walks in the door.
‘Peter!’ Wanda screams, running towards the boy’s maskless, prone body. She reaches him first and pushes him onto his back, muttering in what Steve assumes is Sokovian as he finally catches up.
Oh yeah that’s all he needs, the Winter Soldier storming his school to come find him. ‘Sorry Mr Stark, I didn’t mean to keep you wait-’
know,’ Rhodes says gently, ‘but Peter still remembers you taking away the suit. And considering your reaction to the detention-’
‘He’s just going to give me an update on any information he’s managed to find, Ned. Don’t make it weird,’ Peter sighs, stuffing his mask into his pocket and reaching for his phone, keys and wallet.
‘I shut it down when I escaped,’ Wade answers, looking down at the table. ‘They were trying to make “super slaves” to sell to the highest bidders.’
‘Seems like Peter’s number one fan got her knitting circle to help with making the whole team a batch of Christmas sweaters,’ at his questioning frown she rolls her eyes. ‘Senora Valdez, that Pete sees most weeks?’
‘I have more,’ she argues. Then her vision becomes as red as the light of her magic and she can’t see the sphere any more.
‘Just waiting on you, Widow,’ he replies, and Steve can’t help the warm feeling of pride as the computers come to life in front of him, Natasha simply helping Tony speed along the hacking process. ‘This would have been quicker if you’d let me come along you know.’
‘Yeah,’ Quill now looks a little pale, ‘yeah I’m very glad. You know, maybe I should go join the others at the bar?’
‘What about my thoughts?’ he tries something else to try and distract her. ‘Can you read me at all?’
‘Yes but…from the point where we win in that one future there are two possible outcomes. Though each one means a death, it just differs on
. Anything you did, you did under orders not knowing any other way existed. You were broken into pieces and then you escaped, you broke out of it and you put yourself back together and you helped save half the
If it hadn’t been for the red haired former-Russian spy Bucky isn’t entirely sure he would have been as comfortable in the training room as he was now. He’s still not sure he’s been able to thank her properly.
I manage to take advantage of the person’s surprise and pin them down on the floor, ripping off the mask. Peter’s face looks back at me. ‘What the fuck you playing at Francis?’
I got home? When no one knew where I’d gone?’ The guilty look on the soldier’s face is all the answer he needs. ‘Yeah I didn’t think you did.’
Rosie tries to grab another picture. ‘Oh that’s Doctor Strange, he’s a real life wizard.’ They go through some of the other members until Rosie leans back against him and starts to suck her thumb, a sure sign she’s getting tired.
Loki laughs so hard he starts to choke on the mead he was drinking. Thor gives his brother a few helpful slaps on the back, which only serves to send him flying forward into the table and nearly face planting his plate of food. The two brothers begin squabbling over Thor’s attempted life saving manoeuvre, and Valkyrie just shakes her head in fond exasperation.
She finishes the call with a chorus of goodbyes and stays at the desk, resting her head in her hands and trying not to cry. When FRIDAY had alerted them to what was happening in the training room it was only sheer luck that Strange hadn’t already left and they were able to get there in time. Entering the room Natasha had thought Wanda was dead, she was laying so horribly still on the floor; again they were lucky for Strange’s history as a doctor. He’d been invaluable today and she was going to make sure everyone treated him a little better because of it. She’d been fully prepared to fight him on being able to keep Wanda with them and not imprison her in Kamar-Taj, but he hadn’t even suggested it. If anything Strange had looked at Wanda with sympathy.
Bruce looks down at him. ‘You should come round more often, Scott. You know we’re always happy to have you.’
Bucky heads to the gym as soon as he finishes his coffee and warms up while he waits for Peter to join him; he’s on the punching bag when he hears the door open and someone enter the training room.
Natasha crawls forward to check on their driver but can see from the angle of his neck the answer to Bucky’s question. ‘Dead,’ she says, helping Bucky manoeuvre Sam onto the road. ‘What happened?’
‘You get so focussed on something when you think you’re right you don’t listen when someone tries to tell you to deviate even a little,’ Steve retorts.
Steve laughs and gives him another kiss. ‘That’s very true. The only person allowed to carry you away from our bed is me.’
Bucky sighs. ‘I guess he reminds me too much of what I went through. It’s like looking in a mirror.’
He doesn’t answer straight away, finishing what he is working on and then asking FRIDAY to run diagnostics. Then he turns to face her, wiping his hands on a rag. ‘Tough day?’ She grimaces in response and he just nods, wheeling his stool over to one of his many desktops. ‘I’ve got something I was looking at for everyone to have a couple of. Some smoke and stun grenades that we can throw and attach to any surface and can be activated remotely. Fancy some target practise?’
He hears Natasha mumble to Tony about getting FRIDAY to record, and the inventor gives her a quizzical look before punching some commands into his watch.
to I suppose,’ he breaks off with a laugh. ‘You know, Widow, you managed to help me after I left Earth. You were so determined to wipe out the sins of your past, when I finally broke free completely from Thanos’ control I suppose it was comforting to know there was someone who had also done terrible things, but had found a way to atone. I should thank you for enabling me to be standing here right now.’
‘Yeah but then people wouldn’t be able to do Captain America or-’ Peter stops listening to Ned when his spidey-senses go haywire. Something was wrong, something was
‘What? Winter Warrior? That is your title is it not? Similar to Tony’s Iron Man, and Peter’s Spider-Man?’
I look at him and know I can’t make any kind of shit excuse up. This has got to be the rotten, stinking, shitty truth. ‘It’ll kill him as well as you. He can move on from me. He won’t move on from you.’ Tony looks like he’s going to argue. ‘I’ve got the best chance of surviving. Now give me the fucking gauntlet!’
‘Ok we’re ready,’ Bruce says, and the group peels away from Vision who is able to stand up, although he leans heavily on Peter. ‘We better move fast, I’m not sure how long he’ll stay stable for.’
‘Well I’m not going to be voting for you to win any beauty contests,’ comes the reply, ‘but it’s not going to put me off my dinner.’ When Wade opens his mouth to argue, Tony cuts him off. ‘Look, this isn’t about any of that. What I am asking you is: do you want to spend Christmas with Spider-Man?’
‘I agree,’ Steve adds, ‘even if we don’t make a firm decision we should at least explore some options.’
Wade Wilson puts the bottle of whiskey on the table and turns on the TV, wondering whether to go for the horror Christmas films that Spidey seemed dead against, or for the classic Die Hard.
Hope laughs. ‘She thinks it’s awesome he’s been invited to join a superhero group and is just waiting for her invitation up to the facility.’ The two of them fall into step as they head out towards the two waiting jets. One of them will take the team back to the UN to join T’Challa, the other will take Hope and Scott back to the facility. ‘You sure you guys are ready to go into another political battle? We only got Bucky and Wanda back yesterday and neither of them are exactly anywhere near recovered.’
The place is big and noisy, and Peter resists the urge to put his hands over his ears to try and block out some of the noise, and it
‘Normally because Nat does that,’ Tony says, as Natasha takes out an alien who’s about to try and stab Steve in the back. ‘Or I do this,’ he says, sending out repulsor blasts and then landing at Steve’s back and letting loose a blast from the repulsor blades from his back before taking to the skies again.
‘No,’ Sam throws down the sandpaper. ‘No I won’t leave it, Bucky. The way he looked at you when we did the dancing last week? You can’t tell me he doesn’t want you.’
‘He’s got a bit of a headache but he’s conscious,’ Natasha responds, just as the man himself walks in with Rhodey at his side.
‘No offense, Tony, but how do we know the kid can keep his cool during a firefight? He didn’t exactly fill me with confidence with that runaway mouth of his,’ Sam’s voice is calmer now.
‘Are you intending to use the cell phone at all this evening, or are you just going to look at it?’ a monotone voice says from the side.
Tony nods. ‘Nebula said they were close to finding Gamora and didn’t want to come away and lose the trail. I understand, hopefully they’ll join us next year.’
He looks up from his spot on the couch as Loki enters the common area with Lorena, the two of them talking away about matters to do with Jotunheim.
Wanda feels her smile grow. ‘You know what?’ she kneels down so she’s at the girl’s eye level. ‘I think you’re going to be even better.’
‘I say stick with your plan, Widow,’ he answers, ‘and we’ll lay the explosives, but you leave me in there while you get out with the information. Once the truck has left I’ll start causing some mayhem and keeping the attention on me; then you guys can come back in if you want, or just focus on sniping the guards on the outside. Then I’ll come and join you.’
know about this except me?’ Sam demands. ‘I could have sworn the only reason Tony came down here was to stare at Cap’s ass.’
‘Let me know when there’s enough of a charge I can make a call? I have a feeling I’m going to be in trouble with someone, I may have forgotten to let them know I was leaving.’
‘Wong, why don’t you go back to Kamar-Taj and see if you can get some more help from there?’ Strange suggests, also not looking away from his patient.
Steve just laughs as Bucky’s eyes go wide and he leaps after the pair. He sees Loki shake his head and sigh. ‘I don’t think I shall ever fully understand mortals.’
Rhodes mutters something under his breath and they all head into the same place they’d bought their Christmas trees from last year. ‘And if I have to call Tony to come pick up a tree in the suit none of you are getting any of Mama’s Christmas cake.’
‘Yeah… hi Fury. Thought I’d manage to dodge One-Eyed Willy but looks like you caught up with me,’ Deadpool gives a wave.
‘Yes well I feel like we’ve done “get help” about a hundred times over, so if you don’t mind I’d like to sit down.’
Yo guys! So as we’re starting another series, that basically follows on from last one but you know who an be assed to read all that shit am I right? Anyway author lady decided to let me have one more go at recapping the story for you all.
Loki laughs. ‘Don’t worry Valkyrie, Thor hates them as much as you do, there’s no way he’ll be bringing
big bet,’ Natasha rolls her eyes at Rhodes, but they’re also twinkling in mischief. She knows how good a shot all three of them are, if she’s got that look in her eye it means they all have an equal chance. ‘What we using?’
He smiles and takes the offered hand. ‘Peter Parker.’ She feels a twinge in her heart at the familiar first name with such an unfamiliar face, and wonders briefly what her brother would have made of this guy. When he releases her hand they continue walking and he becomes serious again. ‘There’s seven more of them, all but one are wearing those bomb vests. They were all with the hostages when I left. My mask is in my rucksack halfway down the seats; if we can get it I’ll be a lot more help. Mr Stark wants me to keep my identity hidden as long as possible. If we can get close enough I can web it, but they’re quite likely to notice so we’ll lose the element of surprise.’
‘No he’s not an alien,’ Peter huffs, crossing his arms and sinking into the seat. Then he realises what he’s said and shoots back up, eyes wide. ‘Uh, I mean-’
‘Anything from the illusions side of Beck’s work that might be able to help us here? Do you think they could fool satellite images?’ Steve asks Tony.
‘Class is out fuckwit!’ A shot rings out behind Peter and the man in front of him crumples to the ground, crying out in pain. Reacting on instinct he kicks the gun away as the man reaches for it, then turns to see a red-suited man bounding up the stairs.
‘Certainly not,’ Strange responds, ‘I speak for myself. You are trespassing in this city and on this planet.’
Peter sees Tony give the man one of his calculating looks at the choice of words, but he doesn’t say anything; instead he gestures for the man to follow them into the facility. ‘Come on then let’s get this over with. Something tells me it ain’t going to be pretty.’
‘I shall need to replace Mjolnir,’ Thor adds. ‘Valkyrie and I shall head to Nidavellir when Loki is recovered enough to help us; he’s used to travelling the universe in ways no one else is. There we shall be able to get a weapon that can kill Thanos.’ He turns to Tony and Steve. ‘I must ask a large favour from you my friends.’
Tony still hasn’t moved from when he stood up, and he rubs the back of his head thinking. ‘The kid seems to be sensible about the situation, and looks like he’s got a good read on it. For now let’s trust his judgement and I’ll get Happy to give him some pointers.’
They finally manage to retrieve all of the boxes, and Natasha and Sam manage to coax an embarrassed Peter out of the attic, and sort through the decorations, Wanda and Natasha making a list of things they’ll need for Peter and Loki to go and buy.
‘Tony,’ and boy did it still feel strange hearing his old AI’s voice call him that, ‘you did not ask me to take those papers to Wanda to just stare at the phone Captain Rogers gave you. You’ve never stopped during a plan before, even when it’s been an extremely ill-advised one; why are you starting now?’
