“Can I help you with anything?” she asked, customer service voice and smile fully deployed. The guy didn’t startle but he looked over to her for the first time like he had no idea he wasn’t alone.
“Well, congrats to your friend. Crafts are a good idea though, you’re right. What kind of thing were you thinking? I saw you looking at the wool.”
“Are they okay?”
“Yeah well,” she ducked her eyes, and pretended to busy herself with the yarn until she could safely look up at him again. “How did you get on with your project?”
The broken, rough voice on the phone was her first hint, but seeing this man in front of her, Juliet came to a quick conclusion. Castiel had been in love with Dean Campbell, but Dean was still in love with Cas.
His head shot up quickly and he stepped away from the shelf as though he’d been doing something he shouldn’t.
Juliet noticed that while Cas mostly talked about Dean, his knitting was rarely for him. He’d made a scarf in a deep green merino wool that apparently would suit Dean, but aside from that it was all for baby, Kelly, or Sam. Mostly, he knitted for the baby and for Kelly. That made sense, as they both had immediate identifiable needs. Less common were the items he made for Sam. With Sam, it was apparent that they had a relationship that was full of fondness and familiarity, which meant Cas seemed to think whatever he made, Sam would appreciate. (Juliet had especially loved the gigantic purple sweater he had made, a shade that Castiel had said was reminiscent of magic).
There were other things she’d learnt about the man, in the couple of months since he’d started visiting her shop. Some things she learnt, he’d volunteered (the Campbell brothers were called Sam and Dean, he was fond of all things to do with nature, and he moved around a lot for work), and others she’d picked up herself (he could be rude when he wanted to be, he didn’t laugh a lot but it was easy to tell he was enjoying himself, and he was lonely). It was clear to Juliet that Castiel cared deeply, about his friends, about the unborn baby he was looking out for, and even about her. But there was something removed about him, something unknowable. It was like he was holding himself back, or there was a part that he couldn’t or wouldn’t trust with anyone.
It was brilliant. He fit right in.
A month after Dean’s visit to the store Juliet still felt the loss of Cas acutely. She hadn’t known what to tell the knitting circle when they asked after him, so she’d just said he was away for work. It didn’t feel right telling them, as they weren’t close to Cas, not like she had been. She didn’t want their sad words or pitying looks, no matter how well intentioned they may be.
The poor young man who had just ordered for Dean looked up their way, his expression looked uncomfortable as hell, but had the good sense not to say anything. When you always working on the night shift, you learned to mind your own business.
"That little guy just likes to experiment." Dean let out a laugh as he stood up and grabbed an empty container from the rough and primitive locker and pulled a small knife from his trouser pocket, "I'm glad he's not interested in creating new creatures. Do you remember when he asked you why elephants couldn't grow fish tails?"
"It's a magic spell, you know, witches prefer to solve everything by magic than to fall in love honestly." That's what Crowley said at the time, he flicked the small bottle in his hand, the grace flowing brightly inside the bottle, the light that had coalesced into liquid form was just pinched in the hand by the corruption and filth of Hell, not caring if it was a blasphemy, "In theory, it will change Castiel and make him completely yours. But everyone is different, so I can't say what he will be like in the end. There are risks involved in using it, so I'm not responsible for any problems after use."
Castiel pursed up his lips. He moved his body back and knelt on the soft grass, propped his hands on the side, and raised his eyes to meet the demon's green eyes. Then on a whim, he took the other man's semi-hard cock in his mouth through the thick fabric of his jeans and retaliated by running his tongue over it, thoroughly wetting the crotch area. Dean took a deep breath and a swear word slipped out of his mouth, and Castiel smiled in satisfaction before he finally relented and unbuckled Dean's belt for him, peeling off his jeans along with his underwear and letting the pent-up cock hit him in the face.
Dean's arms went around Castiel as well.
"You just want to see me continue to stare at the menu in confusion." Castiel muttered in a small voice as he shook his head, "Just order the same thing."
They moved impatiently. Perhaps because he had already experienced it the first time, even though Dean's movements were rougher this time, Castiel wasn't nearly as close to death as he had been last time. Each of Dean's thrusts was just right for him, and the itch that had been waiting all day was finally satisfied, even as Castiel took it upon himself to urge Dean to go faster, wanting to be fucked out of his mind by the demon, to forget his name. Dean's movement almost made him hit the car door, and in order not to really hit his head, Castiel had to put his hands against himself, he just felt like a bird rolled into the eye of a typhoon at this moment, even though his wings were shattered and broken, nature carried him for one last flight. He flew too high, too far, he spun and saw the snow-capped mountains and sunrise in the distance, then fell heavily and fell into a blood-red mass in the snow. His climax arrived unannounced, Dean did not have the slightest intention of cumming, Castiel was already curled up in a ball beneath him, skin glistening from sex, shivering and wrapping his arms around the man's neck. The thin lace panties were moist and clinging to Castiel's crotch, more uncomfortable than before, and he wished Dean could help take them off.
" It's very... Strange." Castiel commented hesitantly, "I can see your genitals. I can see how it pops out from between my legs, is that how it usually fucks me?"
"I'm giving you permission." That was all he had time to say before his cock gave a jerk and a stream of semen was injected into the belly of the man on top. He removed his hand, and in that instant, Castiel came, making a mess of the bed, but his dazed expression looked worse than the state of the sheets. He looked at Dean dumbfounded, as if the orgasm had burned out his sanity and he couldn't even assemble a complete sentence.
"It's just you, Dean. It's just you."
"Do not touch Cas."
"Until forever."
But perhaps Castiel is going to be that first.
I didn't want to spoil the fun, "I kinda like it."
Here is some sample:
" I wasn't thinking about..." Castiel coughed over the tightening force on his neck, "I'm dying. I can't help you, but Sam still can."
He stood for several minutes before turning off the shower, and when he was done cleaning he stepped out, his angel still naked, the body on the floor was gone, only ashes remained.
The handsome demon smiled, and there was no doubt that Castiel would not mistake this soul he had touched with his own hands, even if it was tarnished beyond recognition at the moment. His few remaining graces did not allow him to fully see the demon's face, he could feel the circle of evil restlessness wrapped around the soul of the righteous, Dean Winchester and the demon before him shared the same face, but very different from one another. The demon's hand touched Castiel's face and he looked like he was lamenting something with a fake exaggerated sigh, "Cas, my angel, you're about to die, aren't you?"
"Have you had any deals?" In his judgment of the situation, Castiel was as sharp as the old Castiel, "You know he'll try to take advantage of you in any way he can, and be prepared to be betrayed when you make a deal with him."
"I am?" Castiel froze for a moment.
"I don't have time to play any of that ruler of Hell stuff with you for now." Dean showed the plastic bag he was holding to Crowley, "Good food, and a beauty - I don't think listening to your bumbling henchmen debrief would be any more fun than this."
She smiled smartly, clearly reading the disbelief in my eyes, but just shrugged.
They sat facing each other in silence for a while, Castiel kneeling still sitting on Dean's lap, and they said nothing, just sat there. The stars and the wilderness were silent witnesses, and no one knew - no one would know what had happened here -
It wasn't exactly a lie, at least at the beginning of that week. Castiel sat warily in his room, no longer expecting to be able to inform Sam under Dean's nose, so all he could do at the moment was stare at the uninvited demon who hummed a little while he covered his sandwich in a thick layer of jam.
Castiel dropped to his knees as he rested himself between Dean's legs, unbuckled his belt, unzipped his trousers, and pulled out a glowing little Dean, his solid chest pressing up voluntarily. They'd done this a million times before; Castiel expertly gathered the little fat on his chest and worked very hard to wedge Dean's cock between that. And the nipple holes that had just been sucked open oozed more milk under Castiel's movements, wetting Dean's trousers thoroughly. He stroked Castiel's chin teasingly as if teasing a puppy. The angel looked up at him, his meek downcast eyes moist and bright, and he seemed to be annoyed by Dean's movements as the angel buried his face down and heaved a sip at the head of Dean's cock, where the unsuspecting man almost felt his soul being sucked out of him at once. He pinched Castiel's nipple and complained in a shaky airy voice, "You're so naughty."
Castiel came first. His cock spurted out quite a lot, but not only down there, his chest also thoroughly wet Dean's hand at the moment of his climax, translucent white cream dripped from between Dean's fingers, and Dean only had time to catch a small amount, which he took a sip of before kissing Castiel in an awkward position, sharing the contents of his mouth with his angel.
"Dean, please fuck me..." he whispered, "I want you..." Even if when you wake up you'll keep resent me.
Dean just rolled his eyes.
The angel changed his expression instantly as he rubbed himself against Dean, letting Dean's cock slam heavily into him, "You can do whatever you want to me, I belong to you and I need to be treated any way you want. I want you."
Shame. That was the nearest similar adjective Dean could come up with. The Dean Winchester he had once been was a shame, dragged down by a pointless conscience, and he certainly didn't want to be him again.
"Okay, fine." Dean nibbled on Castiel's shoulder, "I love you, and I will always love you."
"It's hard to believe you remember the location of the steakhouse you ate at ten years ago, and you don't even remember what you did last week." Castiel turned the music down a bit and said to Dean somewhat derisively, trying to distract himself.
For the angel, he'd been fucked many times, but this was the first time he'd done anything like this. He looked down in confusion and Dean knew he could see the pink head of his cock squeezing out from between his legs, and because of that thought, he was even more excited and almost painfully hard.
"Dean! " Castiel shouted, somewhat breathlessly. With that, his face was cupped and Dean's face was close enough to exchange breaths. He kissed him, an imprinted, dry kiss on the lips, it was long and gentle, involving no tongue and teeth, no exchange of bodily fluids. An almost reverent kiss.
He dropped his eyes and saw Dean biting his lip, suddenly wanting to kiss him and tell him that he willingly became his. It was not until Dean blinked, a ray of unmistakable black from the eyes rolled over, that Castiel snapped out of it.
Castiel craned his head to look at me, "You haven't finished your coffee."
Castiel suppressed a groan.
Dean couldn't help but smile in anticipation at the thought of that image, but it wasn't time for that yet and he patted Castiel's chest, "Cas, use your boobs to help me cum, will you?"
Crowley stared incredulously at the man who had given the eviction order.
Then, somehow, Dean quickly realised my well-intentioned lie. His face fell, he muttered things like "people have no taste these days" and "I hear even Earthlings don't drink coffee anymore" and waved me off, perhaps as a goodbye. Then Castiel stood up, he put his hand on my shoulder, and the next moment I felt a lightness in my body and landed back on the ground...
"What do you mean?"
"Suit yourself. I don't care what you and your angel pet do in private, but what we agreed to in the first place wasn't for you to spend your days indulging, not answering my calls, eating some pizza and lasagna, sipping beer, and letting that TV older than you play soap operas all day." Crowley leaned in closer and he lowered his voice, "Think about it, Dean, a whole damn hell! A whole hell is ours, you have the Mark of Cain, the First Blade, and now with the help of that angel friend of yours -"
The heat rolled through the room, it was a sunny day and the room that had been in the sun all day did not cool down easily as the night wore on. A mist of water condensed on the beer bottle taken from the mini-fridge, which had only been sipped and then left unattended. The poor quality motel mattress creaked from being overwhelmed, the blanket had been kicked to the floor at some point and lay with the clothes scattered around, while the sheets were crumpled and soaked with sweat, with other bodily fluids-
Dreaming is a sign of danger. For humans, dreams maybe just normal brainwave activity, but when an angel starts dreaming, it's evidence that he's too much like a human. In other words, in the present, it is also evidence of how weak Castiel is now. During his brief time as a human, Castiel was deeply puzzled by the phenomenon of dreaming. Of course, he understood dreams, he had seen many people's dreams, and when he looked at them from a more macroscopic perspective, the dream in his eyes was very different from the picture presented by the human brain. He can feel dreams. He could experience how dreams wrapped around him, and this brain activity that humans inadvertently create during sleep was magical. For the angel, he was touching a soft mass of matter that flowed and shifted, looking like a mass of furry tentacles, while at the same time being multidimensional enough to extend to higher dimensions. Castiel used to think that humans knew nothing about dreams, that these creatures trapped in this dimension could not break through the material barrier and see the more wondrous world, and Castiel often felt sorry for them. But it was not until he officially experienced the dream world as a human, that he realized that it was they - they angels - who really knew nothing about it. Angels knew too much, but felt too little. All the feelings that bothered him were magnified in his dreams: sluggish, painful, light, dreams were like a cruel show where you had to stare at everything happening in front of you and you couldn't do anything about it. Can't really do anything about it. He began to understand Dean better in those days when he lived alone, in every night he woke up from his sleeping bag inside the convenience store because of his dreams. You can't escape these dreams, they will follow you until you go to a place where you don't dream. After turning back into an angel, the only thing Castiel didn't miss was the dreams. Now they're back.
"Anything," Castiel replied meekly.
Dean burst out laughing.
"He wasn't supposed to talk, so I took his tongue first." Castiel closed his eyes and recalled, "Then I looked at his memories, he was a man who suffocated his wife with his own hands but escaped justice, so I put a pillow in his stomach, and he didn't like the feeling very much. Then he died."
"That breaks my heart." Despite that comment, Dean looked completely unaffected as he took out the portion of lasagna he'd given Castiel and handed it over to the angel, "Eat something, and then I'll feed your other stomach."
And then everything shattered like a bubble, leaving Castiel with nothing but a quiet, peaceful sleep.
"One more time?" He looked at Dean expectantly. Dean glanced at the clock; it was two o'clock in the middle of the night, but he thought that the little late-night store next door might still have freshly made lasagna. And he wanted a few pieces so badly right now - although Castiel was also a delicious dessert, it wouldn't satisfy his appetite, after all - that he shook his head, "Later. I'll go get something. Baby, what do you want to eat?"
He goes to the Righteous Man in his dreams that very night, when crickets are chirping peacefully outside the Singer home and everyone within it is asleep. The Righteous Man senses his presence almost as soon as he manifests and shifts, opening his eyes and slowly lifting himself, turning to see Castiel in the kitchen. Next he immediately looks towards his brother, and Castiel is pleased by the protectiveness, the concern in his posture. Sloppy, uncoordinated, and all too
The Righteous Man will need to be wiser than this, less emotional. Evil and danger could wear a familiar face, and he cannot afford to hesitate because of appearances.
The Righteous Man is not particularly pleased to see him.
Still, their preparations begin apace. Robert Singer sends the Righteous Man and his brother out through the house to collect ingredients, and they confront and are confronted by ghosts throughout the home. One of the Witnesses manages to injure the Righteous Man, dig nails into his chest in an effort to tear out his heart, but he lives and that's all that matters.
Attacks.
Originally Posted: November 5th, 2020
Castiel tilts his vessel's head upright again. "Because God commanded it." he says with a firm dip of his vessel's chin. "Because we have work for you."
"Concerns?" the Righteous Man repeats loudly.
"You think of the seals as locks on a door." he explains
"Lilith has a certain sense of humor." Castiel acknowledges.
"Of course." Dean says in a tone of realization. "She picked victims that the hunters couldn't save so that they would barrel right after us."
Still, there is smooth practice in how he prepares to go into battle, both him and his brother. This is an area they are more than familiar with, something that they were raised to do. They move carefully, cautiously, but with confidence and precision –and all that comes to a halt as the Righteous Man sees a soul he recognizes. Castiel frowns when he engages with the spirit, talking, but then Robert Singer takes care of the issue before it can become an issue once again. Castiel feels the list of necessary improvements growing.
And because of this, unease ripples across his skin like gooseflesh when he feels another Seal broken. The Witnesses have been called up.
"Why break the seal anyway?" Dean Winchester asks, and a thrill creeps down Castiel's vessel. This is the time –the first of many revelations.
When Castiel returns to Earth, it finds the Righteous Man in an abandoned building for refueling motor vehicles. The Righteous Man is ransacking the place, looking for food, water, and other things he deems necessities –coins from the till and several magazines with buxom females on the front.
Jimmy Novak, for the brief few seconds before Castiel curls his awareness into a little ball and tucks it away, protected by and from the angel's Grace, likens the sensation to being smothered in a blanket. All Castiel knows is that the sudden encapsulation of flesh is burdensome, heavy, muffling, so
Enjoy!
An aggressive curl mars the curve of the lips that Castiel had remade. "Yeah. Thanks for that." the Righteous Man sneers, unbelieving, insincere. Castiel nods courteously towards him regardless, for thanks given must be received, no matter how mockingly it is uttered. The Righteous Man lunges forward to bury the knife –the demon's knife– into Castiel's vessel's heart, and Castiel watches confusion, surprise, and more fear flash across the human's visage as it does nothing. Castiel is not terribly impressed by the swift and accurate move: had Dean Winchester not known how to quickly pierce the human heart with one blow, he would not have survived long as a hunter.
There is a moment of silence as the Righteous Man angrily goes back to his work preparing the shells, and Samuel and Robert Singer exchange a look behind his back –lost, concerned. They don't disagree, but there's nothing they can say, and the edge in the Righteous Man's tone and posture have worried them.
Both humans lower their guns, and the Righteous Man moves to a nearby table, putting his back to it as he picks up a weapon.
flesh and bone that he was trapped within.
some poor bastard?" Dean Winchester growls, and Castiel knew that an explanation was warranted to soothe the Righteous Man's anger before he, once again and futilely, attempted to harm Castiel and his vessel by extension. Castiel was not in the least threatened by such an idea, but Dean Winchester's useless attacks would waste time and energy –his energy, not Castiel's.
It's the emptiest of empty threats, because Heaven
The grip of Castiel's Grace tightens, the vines clutch, the veins twist and latch on, and Castiel pulls Dean Winchester, the Righteous Man, from Hell.
Castiel appears in the city within the blink of an eye, searching out the nearest spot of evil. If any high-ranking demons were around, the lower-ranking ones would know: vicious, unthinking, cannibalistic eyesores that their kind were, the very survival of the bottom feeders depended on knowing which and when the stronger ones were about.
"Why'd you do it?"
in the face of the Righteous Man, though his voice is strong and angry.
James Novak when he does that, but it is uncomfortable, and Castiel owes his vessel better than that. Humans are his Father's favorite creations –however idiotic they can be sometimes, they deserve care and attention. Castiel is no demon: he won't ride his host recklessly, burn out this extra spirit, even if it
"Mm-hm." Castiel hums. "And not just here. 20 other hunters are dead."
Its name is enough, for now. Surely they would be satisfied by that –the humans could scuttle after their books and tomes and spend their time looking for Castiel's nature that way.
A cringe shudders through the Righteous Man's body, and he tucks the side of his head against his shoulder and puts a free hand to one ear, trying to protect his fragile human eardrums.
"But you didn't." Castiel replies patiently, giving the Righteous Man an admonishing look.
The conversation moves on, and Castiel is pleased to see that Robert Singer has found the relevant lore already. Perhaps not so pleased that it wasn't the Righteous Man, but Dean Winchester is preparing for the looming confrontation in a different way, a warrior's way. Both are necessary, but the Righteous Man will definitely need to adjust his strategy, making room for both, not just his automatic instinct to fight.
, but Dean Winchester
"She did the spell. She rose the Witnesses." he said.
That knowledge would be easily acquired on Castiel's part, with some properly applied force.
"Well, thanks a lot for the angelic assistance." Dean Winchester snaps incredulously, before tapping a finger repeatedly against his injury. "You know, I almost got my heart ripped out of my chest!"
If you like my work(s), please consider supporting my book!
The quiet, insistent tug of a summoning.
Castiel is…less comfortable when the Righteous Man finally speaks up while preparing his shotgun shells of rock salt.
"I'm not convinced." Dean Winchester replies. Castiel knows this, and is glad that Dean Winchester does not know the truth –that God is not the being that humans envision, that He has become reclusive…distanced. That very, very few angels have had the privilege of looking upon His face, and that Castiel was not one of them. He glances aside so that the human might not read that in his eyes as the Righteous Man continues angrily, voice lowering again. "'Cause if there's a God, what the hell is he waiting for, huh? Genocide? Monsters roaming the Earth? The freaking apocalypse? At one point does he lift a damn
Dean rubs his hands against the front of his jeans. That was
And yet that voice is still present, and now that he is more lucid, Cas can definitely identify it.
“Oh. Alright.” But- “Wait… Who has to keep the- to keep them warm while you’re gone?”
Now Cas does look apologetic and just a teensy bit annoyed. Gabriel looks like he’s one iota of good taste away from clapping.
Dean’s stomach always sinks when Gabriel grins.
Dean doesn't even have to try to tell Cas how that makes him feel. The pain is so sharp, so surprisingly complete, that Cas not only senses it but understands it on his own.
The hope Cas feels is crushing. The sounds coming out of his mouth are not in Dean's voice and yet Dean is with him.
now. In every way. Dean-” Dean is moving now. He’s decided. He wants Castiel away. He pushes at Castiel with weak fists; Castiel holds on tight. Speaks louder, over Dean’s ragged breathing and muffled protests.
"Cas?"
Castiel steps a little further out of the shadows and towards Dean, smirking.
“But you- You pulled me out!” Dean cries. Castiel forces his eyes up from the floor.
“Or maybe I dared not hope that you do,” Cas finishes. Even cloudy with pain his eyes are scary sharp, bright in a way that can’t be mistaken as fully human, even now with Jimmy gone – seeking out parts of Dean that Dean used to be afraid of him seeing. Until he realized that Cas was seeking to be shown those parts. Not to take them for himself against Dean’s wishes.
Castiel’s breath against the shell of Dean’s ear raises the hairs on the back of his neck. In the good way.
And he’s sick. Dean’s never seen Cas sick before. Probably because Cas has never
But it doesn't change what Cas had been about to say.
,” Dean sobs. The blackness fades and all that is left in his eyes is human, mortal and wounded. He does fall to his knees this time, forward and out of his chair. The sound of a man - this man, this
Sure enough - the damage has been done. A woman comes over the store intercom, momentarily replacing the pansy pop rock that was playing quietly. "Attention associates," says the voice, "We have a code 14 in department 3; code 14 in department 3."
"Just go for it, man," Dean says, lips curling and eyes mischevious as he looks into Cas's face, like he they can still hear one another's thoughts although Cas's mind is silent.
“You didn’t bring your pet angel with you this time,” Castiel says as Dean steps into his “study”. Pretentious frickin’ demon.
“How did this hap-” Dean begins, and then glares at Gabriel who is already raising an eyebrow. “
"Here. Get a load of what you look like."
Cas's face is somber. "The taffeta itches, Dean," Cas says. "Remove it
not to fuck everything up.”
Dean is already stepping out of the Impala, as Sam is also; as Meg and Charlie are out of the Mustang. Andy and Jake climb out of the pickup struggling to shield Jo with their bodies, but she simply rolls her eyes and edges around them, standing beside them as they all face the angel.
Castiel sighs. “Gabriel. Please leave.”
." A part of Cas's new, closer-to-humanity experience is dealing with human inconveniences like the common cold and plant allergies. Cas got exposed to poison ivy on a hunt, and since then the threat of a rash has become his greatest fear. He's assured Dean, on more than one occasion, that another rash on Claire's body will result in a smiting.
"If... if you're sure. If I can't- can't talk you out of it-"
The demon shrieks as it goes up in flames. Nothing is left when the light fades but ashes.
warn her not to look. She had only herself to blame: why, oh
Castiel shrugs his vessel's shoulders a little.
"Why do you think we're here, walking among you now for the first time in 2,000 years?" Castiel asks him softly, watching as horrified understanding finally, finally shines in those green eyes.
Castiel reaches out again, taking the Righteous Man by the arm –and this time, Castiel does not let go. The Righteous Man's soul cries out in pain and fear as Castiel's Grace fills it, cleansing, scouring,
"Your friend is alive." Castiel tells him as he hovers by the table the Righteous Man had removed the knife from, curiously picking up and turning the pages of the book that they had used to summon him. How quaint it must be, to rely on symbols and writing instead his Father's own power.
"What are you talking about?"
"So, Bobby was right." the Righteous Man says, walking sidelong, nearer to Castiel, until he reaches the counter. "About the Witnesses. This is some kind of a…sign of the apocalypse?"
is a fluffy and wholesome collection of short stories in which the gods' process of creating their fantasy world is examined from the very moment of its beginning, and you can support it by moseying on over to https://draft2digital.com/book/750024 to buy a electronic copy from one of several sites, or by just leaving a five-star review to boost the book's prominence in its category. The more profits it brings in, the more time (and less stress) I have to work on fanfiction!
Dean Winchester must be careful. He cannot afford to fall to human weaknesses now –not when the apocalypse was nigh. He must learn that not all he faces will be as forgiving, or as benign, as Castiel is now.
Something undefinable flickers across Dean Winchester's eyes, his expression tight and controlled. "Not in my experience." he replies through clenched teeth.
The denial in Dean Winchester runs up against a brick wall, and fear and trepidation carry on past it.
Castiel is reminding him of that, and nothing more.
superiors. Castiel is still an angel, one of God's soldiers and as genderless as the blade it wields. Castiel is an omnidimensional wavelength of celestial intent: such minor distinctions as human gender are trivialities, beneath…him.
Namely, Lilith.
"Yeah, then why didn't you fight?" the Righteous Man returns instantly. Defiance and skepticism are barely constrained within him –he might accept Castiel is an angel, but apparently that does not mean he accepts Castiel's authority, or gives him respect.
"That's why we're here." Castiel agrees. "Big things afoot."
," He bites off the word skeptically. "-rescue me from Hell?"
Anyways, Cas is and was my favorite character, and this was my first non-anime work of fiction, sort of to prove I actually could write non-anime fiction. Hence the canonical grey area between this being taken as Destiel or Cas going
"There's a bigger picture here." Castiel continues, mastering his anger if not his irritation. He leans slightly closer and Dean Winchester looks away, instinctively acknowledging him as a threat. "You should show me some respect. I dragged you out of Hell. I can throw you back in."
"Excellent job with the Witnesses." Castiel offers. For three mere humans to defend against the consequences of an opened seal, that
the Righteous Man and protection and loyalty are in his nature.
Castiel is ordered by his superiors to raise the volume, and it does –and every piece of glass in the room cracks, shatters, and explodes as the Righteous Man falls and curls on the ground, lunging out of the way of a falling mirror that was once attached to the ceiling.
He sets off, ignoring the calls of Jimmy's offspring, knowing only the location of the Righteous Man and the fact that –he– must get to him soon, before any powerful demons came to whisk him back to Hell and ruin all of the garrison's hard work.
sometimes difficult to fold Castiel's Grace around it, try to cram all of himself –itself– inside this
are you in now, huh?" he sneers. "What, holy tax accountant?"
Castiel is ordered to try to communicate to the Righteous Man again, and admonished for its harshness. Castiel apologizes, only that the Righteous Man seemed unable to hear Castiel's voice at all –just the same shrill, eerie whine that echoed from it on the material plane. Castiel's superiors are concerned at that, just as Castiel was. They order Castiel, once more, to try again.
being in a vessel, but this is his Father's will, and so he must.
So in honor of TONIGHT'S FUCKING EPISODE, I'm cross-posting a little work that I did way back when I'd only seen up until the fifth season of
"Well, we put those spirits back to rest." the Righteous Man said with an undertone of hope.
"There's a God." Castiel answers.
garrison, fights and receives orders, and despite the impending Apocalypse, despite the concern that threads its way through remote corners of Castiel's Grace, all is as it should be. They are doing their best to stem the tide. They will win. There can be no other alternative.
realizes that this is part of the psychic bleedthrough that
His green eyes are incredulous, wary as he slowly paces closer to Castiel, like a cat that's not quite identified something. He's not sure if he's awake or asleep, if Castiel is here or a vision. There's something else underneath that, something like frustration or anger.
Originally Posted: November 6th, 2020
. It was originally an idea of writing down the series with a focus on Destiel, but like...that's a heck of a lot of work, my dudes. We'll see what we see. This MAY eventually be a multichapter work covering more of the series.
"Do I wanna know what kind of things?" Dean Winchester asks with a frozen, unhappy expression.
With the threat and warning appropriately delivered, Castiel returns to the heavenly host to make his report.
"Our numbers are not unlimited." Castiel says, anger rising in him at the silent dismissal of all he and the garrison had done, stepping closer and forcing him to
"I sincerely doubt it, but you need to know." he answers calmly, with a reassuring bob of his head, before he glances away, to the living room library and the fireplace within. "The Rising of the Witnesses is one of the 66 seals."
Castiel –often spelled Cassiel or Caßiel, a common translation error made by humans– is not pleased with what it finds finds in Hell.
The Righteous Man merely stares at him, not answering. Rage dwells behind his once-bright green eyes, now dull with suffering. He drops to one knee as Castiel obligingly moves his vessel away, checking the vital signs of the elder human –who is, of course, perfectly unharmed.
Well enough, Castiel thinks, but sloppy. They need to be better, they
…the damage to the human vessels was regrettable, but they were all already fluttering on the edge of death already. Castiel had, at least, released them from the torment of being a prisoner within their own flesh –which, now that he had taken a host, he could sympathize, though it was
Castiel is slightly bewildered by this: he had spoken to him, shown Dean Winchester his wings not minutes ago. Already parroting human motions, Castiel tilts his vessel's head and furrows its eyebrows. "I told you."
The Righteous Man turns. Sees Castiel.
Castiel attempts to speak to him, to initiate the conversation forty Hell-years in coming, and the sensitive electronics in the building begin to hum and malfunction as Castiel's Grace brushes past them. The Righteous Man is alarmed, and Castiel attempts to speak louder, to warn him that the salt he is currently laying over the doors and windows is unnecessary. The Righteous Man winces as he continues to pour salt from a canister along the doorframe, putting his free hand to his ear and grunting in pain.
"There's no rhyme or reason –just random, horrible, evil– I get it, okay. I can roll with that." the Righteous Man continues, turning back to the table and gesturing with the tool he was using to pound down the salt. "But if he is out there…what's wrong with him? Where the hell is he while all these decent people are getting torn to shreds? How does he live with himself –you know, why doesn't he help?"
Dean Winchester's eyebrows slant downwards as he quickly conceives Castiel's meaning. "You mean the gas station, and the motel. That was you
Castiel understands this. The Righteous Man had been trained for almost all of his human life on Earth to hunt and kill monsters, harmful beings of evil, and Castiel understands that the act of burning out the psychic's eyes is attributed to be both intentional on his part and rather harmful – despite the fact that even humans gifted with Sight use their eyes for so very, very little. He does understand that humans value their eyesight, limited as it is, and the psychic's loss
"This? This is...a vessel." Castiel replies, looking down and tugging the edges of Jimmy Novak's tattered trench coat into a neater position.
No, he is not impressed at all. Reckless, arrogant, self-assured, hasty –all the worst traits of his Father's creations, the ones that most often led to their own destruction.
and help the poor bastards that are
"You're
Castiel submits, allowed the energies to compress his Grace and his host, and waits to manifest in the desired location. It is odd, allowing those other energies to direct his own:
"Look, pal, I'm not buying what you're selling, so who are you really?" the Righteous Man grinds out.
The notion is an uncomfortable one, but Castiel obeys nonetheless. It is an honor to take the form of their Father's favorite creation, and Castiel will treat it as such...though it has heard stories about human hosts...how limited they are, how fragile. Castiel does not wish to harm the host that it will eventually use, for hatred of them is how Lucifer fell, but humans are delicate little wisps of beings as it is, their shred-thin bodies unable to cope with the power of Grace moving through them. Castiel knows that it will damage whoever it possesses –mentally, if not physically– and it worries mutely about the outcome. It has taken a vessel before, but only for moments, only for long enough to ensure the death of that renegade angel and Nephilim. This possession would be weeks, if not months. Perhaps even years.
Castiel is still unused to this –to manifesting in a way bearable to humans– and the lambent aura of his Grace crackles out around him as he obediently follows the tug of the finalized ritual, rattling the thin wooden boards of the frail barn and pushing open the doors before him. The whisper-delicate human-made lamps shatter and pop as Castiel moves forward into the building, yellow sparks raining down upon Castiel's vessel.
Tentatively trying another chapter. We'll see how far this gets.
The Righteous Man must be stronger than this, to combat the evils that he will be set against.
Hot, cramped, uncomfortable,
Castiel's vessel's eyes widen slightly as realization strikes him –and how natural it is to obey those muscle memories, the leftovers of those social impulses that humans deem so necessary. "You don't think you deserve to be saved." he says softly, and Dean Winchester's throat bobs in a swallow as he tilts his chin down, a halfhearted smirk of denial twitching at the corner of his lips before his mouth firms.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I thought angels were supposed to be,
"If he doesn't exist, fine." the Righteous Man says with a curt shake of his head. "Bad crap happens to good people. That's how it is."
Castiel raises both of his vessel's hands in a gesture of dismissive defeat, looking away again. Dean Winchester is silent for a moment, and then he speaks again, understanding heavy in his voice as Castiel looks back to meet his gaze.
, to confront the angel if nothing else. Dean Winchester's eyes flicker up and down his vessel, wary, tense, as he and Castiel come face to face. "Six of my brothers died in the field this week. You think the armies of Heaven should just follow you around?"
The windows of the building shatter, and the Righteous Man cries out in agony, collapsing to the ground as specks of shattered glass rain down top him.
Castiel can feel the outrage, the fear, the
. Castiel becomes mildly concerned when the thin thread of human awareness continues pushing at it, trying to force itself through the veil.
It was harder to resist within a corporeal body, though Castiel had no intention of doing do. He could feel the thread of the summoning, feel the energies of the humans at the other end of the "strand", and recognized the aura of the Righteous Man as though it were a signature.
of it, and Castiel feels as though it's been blinded. Hearing is equally muted. Taste is practically gone. There is nothing in the air that Castiel can scent.
Castiel goes willingly.
"Yeah, I figured that much. I mean what are you?" Dean Winchester snaps, not losing one whit of his aggressive tone and posture. Castiel looks up from the book to meet the human's gaze.
– own, feeling a human mind clawing desperately against Castiel's. The thought is abhorrent.
down here!" Dean Winchester spits angrily. "And by the way, while all this is going on, where the hell is your
: he does well, even manages an impressive catch when Robert Singer is injured and drops the bowl, throwing the completed ingredients into the fireplace as the Witnesses are dispelled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel lets the Righteous Man go, lets him pick up Robert Singer and depart with a few last wary and unbelieving glances. He allows it, because this is the first step of many and Castiel has higher concerns.
Castiel pauses, then turns away from the kitchen counter, facing the Righteous Man.
But Castiel fights alongside its –his–
Dean Winchester scoffs softly, looking away.
Castiel –briefly, so achingly briefly– extends his wings, and piercingly bright light flashes across Dean Winchester's startled face as his green eyes move rapidly, tracking the shadows stretching vast and fathomless behind the vessel's back with liquid darts, disbelief etched across his features. Castiel withdraws them again, and watches the Righteous Man's eyes lower back to his face, grudging credulity slowly dawning on the human's features. Castiel nods, encouraging Dean Winchester's budding belief, and the Righteous Man looks down and huffs.
Castiel steps his vessel closer. "Good things do happen, Dean." he tells the Righteous Man comfortingly, firmly.
Castiel is mildly surprised that the Righteous Man cannot hear Castiel's voice, Castiel's true voice, and tries one last time to pierce through the flimsy white noise that muffles human eardrums.
"That's why we've arrived." Castiel says with a nod.
compared to Castiel's senses as an angel. The vessel's eyes can barely register anything on the material plane and absolutely nothing
And as he leaves the building of affordable eating, he feels it again.
had been warned about by
And so, after swift discussion amongst the higher ranks, Castiel is told to find a vessel.
The Winchesters work smoothly enough, after that, standing within a circle of salt and blasting away at the Witnesses as Robert Singer works on the spell and newly-made shells clatter to the floor. Samuel is pinned, but understands the urgency of the mission, has the Righteous Man continue defending the man working the spell. And the Righteous Man
"We tried." Castiel tells him, trying to curb his impatience and irritation. "There are other battles. Other seals. Some we'll win, some we'll lose. This one, we lost."
It does not take long for a further attack to muster, and Castiel grabs the impending iron bar –so flimsy, so malleable– without tearing his eyes away from the face of the Righteous Man, the one he and his siblings fought and bled to save from Hell. He turns, lowering the makeshift weapon gently, and touches his fingertips to the elder human's forehead as his eyes roll back and he falls to the ground, unconscious.
The Righteous Man's eyes widen as he swiftly lets go and backs away, eyebrows furrowed in bewilderment. Castiel looks down at the knife, and bears a silently rebuking look upon the startled-looking Righteous Man as he pulls the blade from the meat of his body. He drops it on the ground, and the Righteous Man and his companion exchange frightened looks.
Castiel's Grace reforms into a rough humanoid shape, as small as Castiel can make it –which is still slightly taller than the Righteous Man as he now perceives himself; a soul, nothing more, flickering and sliding from one moment to the next and fraying at the edges, a mutable maelstrom of color and sensation and memories wound tight in the form that the Righteous Man remembers last – himself as a human male roughly thirty years of age. Castiel does not wish to appear threatening to the Righteous Man –he must know that this is succor, not more torment.
"Lucifer walks free."
Castiel smiles briefly at those childish notions.
"There were people getting torn to
"Get the hell out of here." Dean Winchester says as he slowly rises to his feet. "There's no such thing."
Orders come: Castiel is to go to the Winchesters and watch, observe how the Righteous Man works in the setting he is used to, as opposed to the combat he will soon face. However grim their further meaning, the Witnesses are still little more than ghosts, and as such something that should be well within Dean Winchester's purview. Castiel should watch –but not interfere. This is a test, an assessment of what the Righteous Man is capable of within his own sphere, to see how much he will need to be trained and taught.
“How could you- How could you choose this for me?” Dean demands of him. His hands wrap around Castiel’s fists, but he’s stopped pushing Castiel away. “Cas. I’m a- I’m a monster. How could you want-”
"Dean- Dean, no..." Cas pulls away from their kiss, and as soon as he has gotten over the strangeness of hearing the low, gravelly tone of his new voice, seeks out Chuck in the room where he has awoken.
"The sigils'll hide you."
"Sorry about that, big guy," Chuck says, not looking sorry. Cas is momentarily distracted by the question of whether Chuck would continue to call him by this nickname as he had while Cas was inside of Dean. "They kind of twisted my arm."
Cas opens his eyes, and instantly knows that something is wrong.
lying now - to Chuck and to Dean, Dean can feel it.
would have made a lot more sense. Dean still gets the sometimes curious, sometimes disgusted looks Cas's misunderstanding of personal space and body language has always earned them. Only now, the looks are a lot more heated, and a lot more likely to get Dean arrested. And if that wasn't bad enough... It turns out that child vessels... require a lot more upkeep than the average adult vessel. They have to bathe, for example. And eat semi-regularly. And change their clothes. Human things.
- crying out to the God who will no longer hear him,
Bodies pile out of every vehicle, shielded from scrutiny by the darkness on the other side of the perimeter of headlights that now enclose the convoy.
It's an unsettling sight. At least until his companions begin spilling out of the shadows and into the light next to him.
"If you wish to know how to save your friends... how to expell my brethren from their bodies, then this is my condition. I must die."
“Dude. You’re shitting me.”
loud in the silent stall, in this awkward situation.
No, Cas had no intention of nearing Hell or the demons. The adage that best explains his folly is this: ‘
His vision is hazy at first. Everything around him is a soft, white glow, and the voice he hears he cannot immediately place. He knows only that it elicits from him a feeling of warmth and belonging that he has only ever felt in two places. One was in Dean's body, with his human, but as Cas can no longer sense Dean in his brain, there is only one place that Cas can be.
reason. Crowley is gonna be pissed about this. And - worse - disappointed. Dean hates disappointing him.
Cas hardly blinks. “I will need to recover my strength. Meanwhile, the… eggs,” he continues, and Dean doesn’t stop him because- Well. What else are you gonna call them? “Must be kept warm so that are offspring can develop while I am gone.”
"Um. Jiggle it a little bit."
"Back in the car... get back in the car-" Dean is mumbling.
The experience was painfully uncomfortable for everyone involved, and they quickly nixed the idea altogether.
Castiel’s tongue is doing inhumanly erotic things inside of Dean’s mouth, so Dean can’t really focus on any other stimulus.
“Did you know?”
The angel looks at Sam in a way that makes Cas wonder.
Gabriel chuckles, kicking his heels up on the tiny table in the corner of the motel room. “Ooh, no. My little bro gets knocked up by Dad’s precious “righteous man”… and I don’t get to stick around and hear him break the news to the proud papa? No way, Jose. Not doing.”
Their friends - no, their family - catcall from around the room. But Dean just laughs them off.
Cas takes a seat by Dean. “It is the way of our kind. I was not aware that it could happen with a human as the father, but apparently-” He smiles weakly. “With Dean Winchester, all things are possible.”
It is the panic room, and Cas is lying on one of Chuck's examination tables. Sam, Bobby, Chuck, Ellen and Jo are all present.
Dean swallows. “O- Okay.” He holds his arms out in the universal gesture of bring it on - a sentiment much more confident than Dean actually feels.
Cas barely hesitates before slipping a hand boldly down the front of Dean's pants.
Words pour from him as if burst through a dam. Fast, like if he doesn’t say it all - and he doesn’t say it quickly - Dean will be deaf to anything that might be said. “
idea. Sam screwing a demon bad. Sam using demon blood as go juice bad. Dean’s gonna catch all kinds of hell for this if Sam finds out about it, after all the fussing Dean’s done about Sam’s less than brilliant choices.
let that happen,” Castiel explains. Confessions escape him in whispers, through Dean’s struggles. “It was selfish and it was wrong. I have no doubt that you will hate me for my deception, but I could not let you go. Your existence meant too much -
Castiel cannot face him. He knows that Dean needs that from him - will misunderstand his averted gaze. But as always… Castiel is too weak. “That a second trip to Hell would transform your soul. Yes.” His words have the rhythm of a funeral dirge, its sad beats punctuated by the thumps of his heart. If anything of love is left in Dean Winchester, surely his love for his 'Cas' is dead. The truth will have killed it. Castiel is as certain of this as he is torn by grief.
Then a glint enters Cas’s eye – Dean doesn’t think he’s imagining it. Cas’s smile gains that little, snarky edge it’s slowly been gaining all this time under Dean’s influence.
this is better.
"Cas? Come on, man... Open your eyes again. Look at me, please."
Cas watches him closely, a wealth of emotions in his eyes that help soothe Dean’s ruffled feathers (no pun intended) before much ruffling can occur.
Dean sits heavily upon the edge of the nearby bed. I say ‘
Sam smirks. "Right."
But Castiel just chuckles again. “Like I said…” He walks away from Dean, towards the couch sitting at the very edge of the fireplace’s glow. He sits down and stretches his arms out across the back, crosses an ankle over one knee. “I prefer that our exchange be pleasant. And, quite frankly, you humans are pathetic when you’re frightened.”
Sure, Castiel quoted the lost scripture. Lots of words like ‘flesh secureth flesh’, ‘thy’, and ‘thine’. Very biblical. Whatever – any schmuck who’s read the good Book could fake that sort of thing, right? If it weren’t Castiel, Dean would think so. He’d figure this was all somehow a ploy to get him to give in to being the “Michaelsword”.
Chuck slowly lowers his arms and smiles.
Dean looks unchanged. There is still enough of Castiel’s “mojo” left to allow him to see a man’s soul. Or its absence. But the body Castiel had constructed for Dean is perfect. Dean is perfect, only-
But it’s
When the demons recover they do not discuss what to do in light of this new development; Cas isn’t surprised. Demons aren’t exactly known for their higher thinking skills. They attack - like pack animals. They drop Winchester, who grunts as he hit’s the ground and curls into a ball on the wet pavement.
“I… will need to recover my strength after lay-”
“I’m not selling my soul,” he says firmly. He thought he’d made that clear. He’s been worried that Castiel will try to manuever it out of him somehow anyway but-
“But if you’re worried… we could do it more than once. To make sure you’ve done it right.”
“-talk about this anymore,” Dean finishes weakly. Cas breathes deeply and smiles.
Dean will remember to be embarrassed by the way Castiel laughs as Dean scurries out from under him later.
' a great bit. The zipper is stuck. It will not move by being '
"I have '
Dean stops singing, mid-verse, and Sam reaches hurriedly over to switch off the car stereo.
It’s all the provocation he needs. He closes his eyes and slows his breathing. He feels his G.R.A.C.E. kick in - the generator and processor embedded in his chest which controls all of his biometric units. Its energy flows through him - a warmth inside his skin, a hum along his nerve endings. Cas opens his eyes and smiles.
Castiel chuckles. Dean can see him now, in the dim glow of firelight coming from the fireplace. If there was cheesy music playing in the background this would be a great opening for a porno.
"See!" Chuck squeaks, pointing. As if he actually thinks Dean or anyone else in this room would hurt him.
"Hell, yeah..." Dean groans. And proceeds to make Cas very, very happy to experience another series of firsts in his tenth - and he hopes final - life.
It seems farfetched, even for them. An angel? One of the questionably anatomically correct - needing to mate or die?
The demons rush at Cas. He barely moves. By the time the group reaches him, only two are left, and they only get close enough to leave a fine sheen of ash on his cloak when they disintegrate.
"Amen to that," says Dean.
"Uh, yeah?"
"SAT vocabulary practice," he says lamely. "She's GT.". He has no idea what that means, but Sam used the excuse once and it seemed to work.
With his hand safely covered, Cas gathers Winchester into his arms. Like most angels, his skeletal structure has been reinforced, so he can support Winchester’s weight easily but Winchester is no small man.
Castiel failed. As all things in Heaven have failed Dean Winchester. God turned away. Zachariah betrayed. Michael manipulated.
It is only six months later when it seems that Cas's miraculous second life on earth is about to come to an end.
From their kiss, Cas knows that Dean does not mind Cas's remaining in the body of a male. But it still touches him that Dean would choose for him a male vessel, when the female form was Dean's professed preference at the time that they met. Cas has grown used to being a man, and would not have preferred to adapt to becoming a female, although he can understand how Dean might have been tempted to make that change for him when the opportunity arose.
of his heroism…
The word ‘intent’ implies consciousness; it implies purpose. Cas is not his brother Gabriel. He sees no purpose in meddling with demons - the wanton criminals who are forced to live in Hell, away from the punitive reach of the angels. Demons are… an abomination. They are those who’ve decided that if they cannot afford the priveleges of angels - biometric enhancements, spacial teleportation, access to the spires and tower residences of Heaven - they will
"And the-"
Dean sighs inwardly. This isn't going to end well. It never does.
, funky biblical curse or not. Dean’s got a black book thicker than the one Cas lives by – how does that get him a roll in the hay with an honest-to-God celestial being?
And Castiel quickly covers it with his own.
Except Dean must have rubbed off on this angel more than Cas will admit, because Cas
“You won’t screw this up, Dean,” Cas tells him quietly. Dean swallows.
Dean doesn’t jump. He doesn’t run out of the room. It’s a very near thing, though.
"Dean?"
"I will not-"
To live... here on earth, with Dean, without sacrificing anyone else's free will to do it-
Cas isn't so great with human things. He's even worse, apparently, with little girl things. Which puts him at about Dean's level of ignorance, because Dean knows about as much about little girls as he does about high return investment portfolios.
"I am not alone, remember?" he says for Dean's ears only, trying to convey with his words - with his eyes - and the brush of his hand against Dean's that he would have it no other way.
Dean wants to call Cas selfish, but he can't make himself do it, no matter how frightened he becomes when Chuck finally agrees.
They seem to be in the clear, nearly out of the city, when they hear the first flutter of wings.
Kneeling at Winchester’s side, Cas forgets himself. He faced those demons calmly enough; it’s what he does, after all. But he has next to no experience with facing normals. He’s certainly never faced one leaking so much blood as Winchester is at this moment. Cas is so preoccupied with the blood that he reaches out to Winchester before his palm can cool or he can think to put his glove back on. Winchester is wearing a short-sleeved shirt, torn and blood-stained. Cas’s hand, when he grabs the normal’s shoulder to turn him onto his back, touches unprotected skin and - still too hot for mortal flesh after dispatching those demons - Winchester screams.
"Let me show you."
Cas’s hand has burned him. There’s a hissing sound beneath the sound of Winchester’s scream and Cas removes his hand quickly.
Sam let out a surprised inhale.
Dean envisioned a lot. Maybe Castiel would wake up as a lifeless puppet, maybe the spell would have no effect on Castiel at all, maybe Castiel would become even more rigid than the original Heaven Warrior - but at his command. What Dean didn't expect was that Castiel would call his name passionately while ripping Dean's pants off, squeezing his still-erect penis, and his hot, wet mouth would take it, sucking on it thirstily, as if sucking on manna.
It is the third day since I landed on this planet. In fact, all is not as bad as it seems - yes, it's an underdeveloped and marginal planet; yes, my craft has crashed and I don't know how long it will take to repair it; yes, I'm here for the big question of the survival of humanity in the universe, and right now I have no clue what I'm supposed to be looking for.
Castiel moved his leg, the bottom of the furry cat tail was deeper in his current sitting position, and the extra part of it was tucked into the right leg of his pants, the soft fluff poking his leg, and he tingled a little, but didn't dare move again. His movement coincided with the head of the rubber penis pressing against his prostate and, caught off guard, Castiel let out a soft, soothing sigh.
Dean walked out again, holding a pile of what looked like puffed food in his arms, still on the phone; Castiel listened to the beeping on the other end of the line waiting to be answered, his heart beating so fast he suspected he might pass out in the phone booth next minute from hyperventilating; something fell out of Dean's arms, and he knelt down to pick it up-
Dean tilted his head, he rubbed his face, the corners of his mouth hooked out a lazy smile, but no smile in his eyes, "You really should go."
"Dean, you can't just leave me behind and go." He waved his hand exaggeratedly, "That's not polite at all."
Castiel groaned out.
Castiel was still reeling from the afterglow. His brain deflated as he answered Dean's question, "I killed him. Just like you wanted."
"It's like a cat. Your hair is all messy and you're wagging your tail." The demon scratched Castiel's chin, "You're a very horny little pussy cat, aren't you?"
Castiel gently touched it with his teeth in displeasure. Dean burst out laughing, "Watch your teeth, kitty. Maybe I should have smoothed it out before I put my dick in it, now I'll just have to pray you won't bite it off."
The man immediately shut his mouth. Not completely, given that he was still moaning at each heavy poke of that dick into him, but he didn't complain anymore. Their bodies joined like a well-coordinated symphony orchestra, and after dozens of heavy strokes, the man on top finally came to an uncontrollable stop, he fell helplessly into the other man's arms as he became a spinless cat, the tip of his nose sniffing around at the other man's neck as he muttered something inaudible, probably something like "You smell so good " or "please let me cum" or whatever, but the one he was riding was unmoved, just lazily stroking the sizeable black cat on him, occasionally lifting his crotch to get his cock buried deeper inside the other.
"Yeah, and then I spent three whole days convincing him that building a long trunk for a whale wasn't a good idea."
"And the funny thing is, I didn't." Dean winked and offered Castiel a sly smile, "Good thing do happen, don't they?"
And but a night later, the rejuvenated angel once again called out Dean's name, making Dean's new day start with waking up because his dick was being licked and squeezed. Basically, as Crowley (annoyingly) pointed out, they did nothing but have sex this time.
"Say hello to Rowena for me." Castiel rolled his eyes at him, but finally smiled as he tapped a finger to Dean's lips, "Save it, you've taught me a lot more nasty things than that. Remember that time we travelled in Andromeda?"
"No time?" Crowley asked rhetorically in his irritatingly sarcastic tone, his index finger tapping rhythmically on the table, "Someone just got out of bed. You two - how many hotels have you fucked around in? Or is it your grand plan to hit every motel in town?"
It's true that I've never had one of these before, and I can't say that I like it very much or hate it. But the cup did a good job of keeping the other two out of sight, and I think that was enough for me to like it.
"Until forever?"
Dean ejaculated in the last sentence. His release decorated Castiel some more, as if it were a thin layer of snow on a winter pine tree, dripping and gathering in shallow pools of semen at the base of his clenched thighs, Dean dipped a finger in it and passed it to Castiel's mouth, watching as the angel contentedly curled the finger around his tongue.
Finally, he smiled.
The streets were empty at night, and he gently touched the hilt of the First Blade, the Mark of Cain etched on the lower arm of his right hand tingled happily, but Dean's hand also quickly withdrew. He pushed open the door of the fast-food restaurant, ordered a few items from the slim clerk, who looked no more than twenty years old and wore a hat with the logo of the restaurant, and then sat down opposite the demon who looked sparingly flipping through the menu.
He lifted the hem of his robe and brushed his fingers gently up the inside of Castiel's leg, finally stopping at the entrance where Castiel could feel Dean's thick, strong fingers swirling in a circle, occasionally poking in gently, but only shallowly, teasing and then pulling out. Castiel's thighs tensed and his breath caught. He clenched up a bit on the next tentative reach of Dean's finger, unwilling to let the demon's hand withdraw so quickly. Amused by his reaction, the demon patted Castiel's leg, "Easy, little one, you'll get what you want."
" Goodbye, Sam."
"You're doing great. Maybe next time don't be so eager to swallow, I can shoot you in the face." Dean said, lazily ruffling his hanging bangs to the side.
"It makes no difference to me what I eat, I just need to keep a certain amount of energy for this vessel." He took the sandwich from Dean's hand and stuffed the rest into his mouth, "Given my current physical condition, yes, I don't have that extra strength to cook either, and this room isn't equipped with a kitchen."
Castiel's pants were only down to his knees but kept the white lace thong, Dean caught his furry cat tail and teasingly pulled it out a little, Castiel's breath caught, he kissed the demon passionately on the face and neck, pecking down the other man's jaw impatiently, he loved the feel of his dry lips on Dean's skin, he loved kissing even more those freckles, they are like the last bit of childish proof left in this man's body, and also like the dotted stars in the Milky Way. Castiel thought they were beautiful. Then, in the demon's teasing-like attitude, he pushed the anal plug back into Castiel's body, causing the angel's body to shudder and fall into his arms, clinging to his neck.
"Daniel, why did you just leave on your own?" The face I knew too well to be more familiar came into view, her eyebrows raised high, mean and critical as ever. My dear sister met me with her sharp eyes, and despite her pursed lips, I assumed she was glad to see me alive.
The passcode is destielbee0503
"Castiel." He said. His voice was lower than I'd expected, revealing a hint of exhaustion as he stepped closer and handed me the glass - what was it filled with? Bending down again to kiss Dean on the corner of his lips, he handed the man another hot drink. Then he sat down against Dean, one hand resting habitually on his stomach and the other rubbing his eyes, the sleepy look explaining why he was wrapped in a robe.
He sat down to the bottom. Abruptly, he opened his mouth and asked, "You tell me, you were with... Crowley, all this time?"
"Cas, I really should have tried this six years ago." Dean withdrew from him without the obstruction and Castiel felt the semen flow out of him. A finger appeared out of nowhere again, happily pushing back the leaking semen. "Who would have thought we would have waited so long? It doesn't matter. I was stupid enough to not aware of this after all this time."
He started the car, and for some reason, the car that used to be so smooth and steady under Dean's control was suddenly a bit wobbly at the moment, and the slightly raised yellow barricade as he drove out of the parking lot made Castiel whimper and get a bit out of his head. He glanced at Dean, who looked rather innocent and didn't seem to realize what kind of torture this was for Castiel. Castiel was then sure that the other man had done it on purpose - it was downright Dean-esque behaviour. Be a bad-tempered cat, knocking off your water glass and wagging its tail complacently.
I have to preface this by saying that I don't understand a word of whatever they're saying, but that doesn't stop me from giving them both an odd stare. Soon a vial of clear blood was handed to me, and Castiel gently grabbed Dean's hand and kissed his dripping palm, which immediately healed.
Castiel nodded, " Yes, Dean."
Castiel deepened the kiss. At the same time, his holes surrendered tightly to Dean, almost hungrily milking the man for his cum. Dean couldn't hold on any longer. He pinched Castiel's crotch bone and pushed hard into the other man's body, listening to the crushing longing that emanated from between Castiel's throats as Dean finally came. Like a dying bird, his angel staggered backwards into the chest of the man behind him, his hand resting on the belly as he breathed heavily and nuzzled his nose against Dean's hair dependently.
"I want to."
"Cas."
The demon kissed the corner of Castiel's mouth, "I'm so glad you're always thinking of me, Cas. But you are mistaken about one thing, I don't need to be saved by anyone. It's my choice."
"I don't mind." Dean raised an eyebrow, "But I thought you had called it enough already."
Dean looked gorgeous now. The way his eye-tails were always upturned made his eyes look very amorous, and when those eyes were fixed on Castiel, he couldn't resist any request the man made. So when Dean pleaded with him "don't leave me", Castiel couldn't say anything other than "I won't leave you".
They stopped in the hotel lobby. In the dim light, the shadows made Dean's features look deeper and more shaded, his dark green eyes like a grey wolf. The King of Hell stood face to face with the demon, his body was considerably shorter than Dean's, and at the moment he could only look up at the other man, so he couldn't help but look underpowered, "So, what are you considering?"
"Won't want what? Won't want you?" Dean locked eyes with him for a moment, "I won't want to hold you down on the bed and fuck your ass until the only thing you can think about is me and my dick?"
"The Mother of Heaven ......" I had murmured his name without needing an introduction.
Dean thought Castiel looked cute like that.
He began to work his way upward, the demon was far more energetic than his now weak, humanoid body, all Castiel could do under his tug was raise his head and expose his vulnerable throat, like the way an animal displays submission. Dean intruded closely, Castiel thought driftingly, he had witnessed countless lives mating and reproducing, but just like his dreams, it was only when he actually experienced it that he knew that watching and practicing were so different. While he was still an immortal warrior of God, he could not understand the reproduction of life - even though the angels did not all reject the sexual act, he had never felt his need to participate in it. He found sexual things repetitive and uninteresting, and he observed them, but in the same way as he would observe a flower blooming or a buffalo wagging its tail in a field. Plants pollinated by the coming and going of bees, humans caress and explore each other's bodies, to him these two are but one and the same thing. From the point of view of a life form that has existed for billions of years, he cannot understand how not only the competition for reproduction, but simply sex can cause war for humans. When he first felt human sex under the deception of a reaper, he realized that this particular pleasure did have reason to be fascinating - when you are surrounded by so many strange and painful feelings, the sensual stimulation of exploring your body can make you temporarily forget those things for a few hours. But he was also a little disappointed: he was expecting more. Maybe there was something he wasn't getting.
He walked up to Dean naked, wrapped his arms around Dean's waist, rested his chin on the man's shoulder and quickly kissed Dean's cheek, "I missed you."
"I'm here, baby." The voice said so.
When the lips parted, Dean still held his face, the demon's look quite tender; in fact, Castiel couldn't remember if he'd ever seen such a look on the original Dean's face.
His address caused Castiel to frown in displeasure.
The demon chuckled lowly.
But he continued to make himself smile, "I did have fun. Is this what humans call happiness?"
"Realizing..." The demon paused, Castiel was fast asleep, exhaustion causing his eyelids to magnetically attract each other, Dean's outline blurred. Before he fell head over heels into the abyss of slumber, the demon laughed a little, his reply sounding soft and gentle as he said, "Realizing that you're actually a slut who can't live without me, Cas."
Then Dean came inside him, and Castiel groaned helplessly, amazed that he could barely get anything out. They exchanged another kiss, Castiel cupping the face of the man on top of him, and at the end of that kiss, he kissed the demon preciously on the forehead and again on his eyelids.
"How did he die?" Blood marks glowed on his right arm. The pleasure from the combination of sex and death was unmatched by ordinary sex. Death took life, sex birthed new life, and the collision of life and death turned into a flood of dopamine in his brain as his hand around Castiel's waist tightened, no doubt leaving his own imprint. "Tell me, Cas, what did you do?"
The bright, warm glow trickled into his mouth, and the last image Castiel remembered was something like the bright white of heaven.
It wasn't until he came under Dean's touch and was penetrated by Dean's cock that Castiel vaguely understood what more he was longing for. Human sex is different from bee pollination, and with every time Dean parted his body and incorporated himself into it, Castiel felt he was possessed. He let himself be owned by Dean, and at the same time, he seemed to own Dean. Sex is primal aggression, it is not violent, but possessive, and what he did not expect was that after so many years of misunderstanding and betrayal, suspicion and separation between them, he would be so happy to let himself be possessed by Dean, to submit to him, to be at his mercy.
Sometimes you miss those days of just hunting vampires, don't you?
"Dean. " Castiel cupped Dean's face, "You know I can totally hear Crowley and you talking in the bathroom."
Crowley choked on Dean's sudden interruption, and Dean stared hard at the demon, trying to suppress the hostility that had sprung up in him at the mention of Castiel, and reiterated in a tone that left no room for doubt, " Do not touch Cas. He belongs to me, no matter what you intend to make him do. Only I can command him. Only I am his master."
That night, he had a good, long dream. The night he and Dean spent in the back seat of Impala was not comfortable by any stretch of the imagination, but the dream was comforting, at least the next morning, Castiel woke up with a smile on his lips. From an angel's point of view, a dream is also a reality, so he was happy that everything in his dream had been real for a short time. On the drive back to the hotel, none of them mentioned the secret Castiel had told, and no one pointed out Dean's lack of response.
"Miss me or miss my dick?" Dean teased. Castiel instantly pressed closer, his breath blowing on the outline of Dean's ear, his hand around Dean's waist tentatively moving down to stroke over little Dean, "I miss both. Maybe I miss it more."
"I want to fuck you, angel. I thought I'd made that clear?" His hand moved down a few more inches and stroked along Castiel's tight thighs, a body that wasn't exactly robust, but every bit of muscle had grown just right, a combination of strength and beauty, so to speak. When the thin calloused hand of the demon's knuckled hand slid to the inner thigh, Castiel took a deep breath and caught Dean's hand in turn for the first time.
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's waist, and he buried his face in the demon's arms, "When you were lying here alone, did you ever think about running away? Away from your responsibilities? Away from it all?"
He hoped the next one wouldn't come too soon.
On the poor double bed, the dark-haired man rode unashamedly on top of another dark brown-haired man, his blue eyes looking unfocused, his face wearing that trance-like look that seemed to be in a dream. His hand stroked the face of the man beneath him, his fingertips brushing over his brow bone, along the bridge of his nose, and finally resting on his jaw, aggressively fucking himself on the other man's cock with a fractured moan.
"Good morning, my angel." He threw away the magazine and patted Castiel's stomach, "And I got you some presents. Do you like the one you're wearing now?"
"Dean, is that you?" He tried to turn back to seek the man's face, but a strong hand was easily pinched on his jaw, forcing him not to move. He didn't resist violently, but simply asked softly, "Dean?"
"Don't make that face, Cas, it suits you." Dean laughed out loud as he leaned over and gave Cas a kiss that smelled like meatball and ketchup, "Get up and eat something. I'll take you out for a ride later. It's time for you to go out, I swear, stay any longer and you'll definitely be the world's first angel to be covered in mushrooms."
"I want you to kiss me, Dean." He whispered in the demon's ear. The demon was delighted, and their lips met, Castiel forgetting everything, snatching up every wisp of air he could, but of course, he was the one who lost first, because the demon didn't need to breathe. When the lingering kiss ended and Dean seemed to have reached the end of his patience, he set Castiel's legs upon his shoulders, almost breaking the man beneath him in half, and made the final thrust with maximum force. Impala wailed under their movements, and Castiel quietly apologized for the lady before giving himself full attention to the grand finale of this sexual affair.
It was only when he heard this that Dean looked Crowley in the eye, "Gadgets?"
It was Sam.
He wasn't lying; as the finger danced delicately through Castiel's body, the latter felt like he was having trouble breathing. At first, the finger only circled the spot that brought hidden pleasure, occasionally grazing it hard and brutally leaving it behind for a brief moment of pleasure; at some point, Dean seemed to add a second finger, and he thrust up in a mock-fucking motion, and when he slammed into Castiel's sweet spot, the angel moaned in despair at such a touch. His knees began to weaken as he braced himself, which Dean Apparently noticing this, he stuffed a pillow under Castiel's stomach so that he could have more support and not collapse onto the bed. Once he was sure Castiel was lying down, the real test was revealed. As Dean added another finger to his body, moving his wrist with a heavy, rough motion unlike the teasing he had just done, the sound of thrusts played erotically along with the sound of water, and it was Castiel's own moans that accompanied the main theme.
"Baby, are you even going to share me with a stranger?" He pretended to be hurt.
Castiel rolled over, and he lazily exposed his naked chest and stomach to Dean, who swept over the pretty curves very quickly and withdrew his wandering eyes. He looked innocently sexy in a way, his eyes gazing adoringly at Dean, "Don't go too long."
" I will be going out later. Well, now get out of here and meet me at that fast food joint at the corner on the left." He said nonchalantly. Even though Crowley blocked half of his face with his hands, Dean could guess how the other man rolled his eyes in an exaggerated manner under those hands.
"Very well." Dean relaxed a little as he leaned back in his chair.
"I know, but that doesn't stop me from liking to calling you that. It's cute." Dean pulled his fingers out and skilfully rummaged through the drawer of his nightstand for a bottle of lube, squeezed some into his hand, and then once again stroked Castiel's rear end. With the help of the lube, he quickly sent his finger to its destination, and the hole, which shouldn't be invaded by a foreign object, made an exception for the devil - not only welcoming his entry, but also contracting enthusiastically, trying to let him in deeper. Castiel was a bit confused by his own body, he was surprised that a simple touch brought him a pleasure he had never experienced before, and he didn't even know his body could be so sensitive. It was like touching a naked, beautiful human soul - Castiel had never told Dean how amazing their contact was for him when he touched the other soul. He didn't know how much Dean remembered, but Castiel remembered every second of it, remembered how he had flanked him with his wings and dragged him out of that place of darkness and filth. He remembered how he had returned to heaven and tried to keep his tone calm to report to Zachariah, "Dean Winchester is saved."
"Well," he gave a stiff laugh and looked at Crowley with cold eyes, "I don't have the time."
Castiel didn't answer, and Dean didn't expect him to have an answer. He withdrew abruptly from Castiel's body, pushed the latter down on the bed, rolled over, and reburied himself in a beastly mating position. His rhythm was now more relentless and savage than the warmth he had felt a few moments before. He choked Castiel's waist, not caring if the man beneath him could handle the treatment, pushing deeper and deeper, his flesh touching with a clear, over-the-top slapping sound. At first, Castiel could barely withstand this; but his body was too weak, and as he had always been well aware, he was going to die. It was only a matter of time, and what Dean was doing now was no doubt shortening that time. The position was not comfortable, Castiel did not have the strength to kneel on the bed, he began to be unable to breathe, coughing violently, a sharp stabbing pain came from his lungs, and given the current situation, he was not sure he would make it through the night. He was so wretched that he buried his face in his arms, unwilling to behave like a dying whimpering dog, thinking that at least he retained this bit of dignity.
"That's the rule." Dean sat up slightly, holding the angel's body that couldn't sit still, and kissed Castiel on the chest, "But you did a good job just now, you deserve a reward."
"Shhh," Castiel's hand that reached for the bedside phone was pressed by Dean. The demon grabbed Castiel's phone and crushed it with a gentle push, "We don't need Sam poking his nose out to meddle, this is a time for just you and me."
"Then sleep, Cas." Dean responded gently, "Just bringing you out to see that even angels shouldn't be nestled in their rooms and get mouldy."
He returned his attention to the task of giving Dean a blowjob. He didn't enjoy the sensation, but perhaps that was the magic of sex, as Dean was pleasured by it, Castiel's belly felt warm, and he was hard and aching, but could only occasionally rub himself against Dean's leg for comfort. He didn't notice he was squirming around, and when Dean suddenly pointed that out, he gave the demon a somewhat surprised look.
Dean shrugged, "No one needs to be polite to demons."
"Don't say it like you didn't enjoy it." Castiel slowed down and he lowered his head again, clamping his lips to Dean's cock while he pressed his lips to the glans, rubbing his dry, rough lips against the sensitive little hole, and Dean exhaled heavily, his voice broken and hoarse, phrasing his words for a long moment before he returned, "And you're right. I guess the best thing about human technological advances is that from now on we can have sex in the space."
"Dean." Castiel said sullenly, "After I die, I only ask you to do one thing. You must find Sam, the two of you can't just be separated, he can help you, okay?"
Castiel paused as he frowned at Dean, "But I don't want to do that for someone else."
"Then, lasagna, too." Dean walked off the bed. He tripped over something and looked down to find a body that had already gone cold, and even the blood was no longer flowing from the stabbed chest. He bristled at the corpse, then turned his head to look at the other man, "Oh yeah, Cas, throw out the trash in the room later."
"I'm not so weak that I can't eat my own sandwich," Castiel said without a smile as the sandwich was lifted to his mouth by Dean. He tried to reach for it, but Dean just grabbed his hand.
Castiel was instantly calm beyond belief. He watched as Dean turned back behind the shelf again and spoke, "Sam, it's me."
The next day, Castiel woke up with Dean lying on his side next to him, holding one of his favourite porn magazines and a half-bitten slice of meatball cheese pizza.
Not to mention, hey, I got in touch with Sophia.
He wakes up, Castiel may be in his arms, may have bought him breakfast, or may have started his morning sex game. Nothing mattered beyond that; Dean loved the feeling.
"This thing is called coffee?" I looked down at the drink I had just set aside, "I appreciate your hospitality, Castiel, but I think it's time for me to go, there's no time like the present to save the world."
And indeed, even if he didn't have one in front of him, he wouldn't last long. At first, when they made love, Castiel was silent, almost always hiding sweet sobs under his pillow, but tens of thousands of years together had changed all that, and he was the perfect instrument during sex, making soul-stirring sounds as Dean strummed. Dean loved Castiel's pleading when he was on the verge of climax, where once his angel had only begged him to go faster and harder, now he just shuddered and tensed up and murmured: please break him. And Dean was always happy to oblige.
"All right, your call," the demon retorted reluctantly, " Remember to put on your pants, even Hulk knows the courtesy of not showing off his lower half anywhere."
His purpose is not complicated. Every time he was awake, Castiel looked at the cheap hotel room he had rented, and he would stare at a spider in the corner, watching how it devoured the flies that crashed into the web, and always felt inevitable that he and the flies had much the same fate. The flies left behind their own dried-up shells, while if you remove Castiel, all that remains is Jimmy. James Novak's carcass. He moved his body slightly to make himself more comfortable against the pillow. He pulled the covers around, barely over his waist, and at this moment, as always, he began to think of Dean, just as he had done every day since he had disappeared. He began to miss him. It was a strange feeling, he had long been accustomed to billions of years of no sorrow or joy, the angels since they were created were a species that could endure solitude. While he still belonged to heaven, his occasional glimpses of the world had passed quietly for hundreds of years, and he had never found the waiting to be so hard and painful. But since he rescued this broken soul from hell, everything seemed different. The idea of being separated from Dean became unbearable. Longing, what a strange word for an angel, but he longed for his human. He longed for the gentle power of Dean's touch, for the smell of Dean, for the eyes behind Dean's curled lashes that hid a world of light green magic. The life span of a human is so short compared to that of an angel, but every second with Dean is an eternity for him.
"See, this is why I can't get behind God." the Righteous Man says after he pauses and his brother gives him an expectant look. Robert Singer looks up as Samuel furrows his eyebrows.
"Read the Bible." he said, watching Dean Winchester's eyebrows twitch upwards. "Angels are warriors of god. I'm a soldier."
"If you say "mysterious ways" so help me, I will kick your ass." Dean Winchester growls.
"Some angel you are." he says as he looks back up, his features studiously blank despite the anger Castiel sees dancing behind his green eyes. "You burned out that poor woman's eyes."
Castiel finds the host chosen for it swiftly: one James Novak, known colloquially as Jimmy. James is a faithful and devout man, and Castiel is pleased with the strength of his body's fabric –of his makeup as a host.
Still, Castiel hovers, waiting patiently, as the Righteous Man awakes within his body with a jolt and gasp of breath. The soul flickers and blurs in its new cage, as the Righteous Man re-remembers how to operate his own flesh, but then it settles. Castiel continues to wait, and it is only when the Righteous Man frees himself from his coffin and claws his way up to the surface, comfortable and secure and safe beyond all doubts within his skin, that Castiel returns to Heaven to make the report that so many have been waiting for.
"Right." the Righteous Man says with a disbelieving click of his tongue after a few moments. "And why would an
"Who are you?" he asks, and Castiel sees confusion, fear,
is, rock salt would be no deterrent to a creature that could burn out a human's eyes from a great distance away. If he were intent on harming them, they would be dead already.
"Sorry Castiel, I don't scare that easily."
So Castiel is gentle, at first, lightly touching the soul by the shoulder, trying to pull him away from the rack that now stands as summation of the Righteous Man's entire world. The minions of Hell are close behind Castiel and the garrison, but Castiel can see, behind the crimson streaks of anger and the black swirls of pain, the murky amber glow of a soul sunk long in suffering, a shimmer of gold and blue and green –the Righteous Man at his core, loathing these actions, loathing this place, and pulsing with love; faint, bittersweet memories and the thought of
This is wrong in every possible way. Something like this- Something like this should be Cas’s choice, if he ever chooses it at all. It shouldn’t be
“You-”
Not that Cas gets to see it for long before Dean crushes their mouths together.
Dean’s not nervous about Castiel’s fancy suits or his pretty face. Or about the fact that Castiel chose a vessel so pretty, that even remembering that it’s just a vessel - that Castiel is the ugly thing inside of the pretty guy whose body is stepping way up in Dean’s personal space - isn’t enough to stop Dean’s heart from thumping whenever Castiel is close.
Sam sees Dean's hazel eyes and sags against Bobby's side.
On Chuck's examination table, Dean feels tears on his cheeks, and outside his body, Chuck can see Dean crying like a baby. Maybe some of those tears are Cas's, but they're Dean's too, and Dean couldn't care less who the hell sees.
Out loud, Cas says, to Dean and to Chuck both, "Even if I were welcome in Heaven, after how I have bonded with my human, I would be alone. An abomination among my kind."
Cas doesn’t know what to do with the thought, but he does think it. He activates his home teleporter with the transmitter in his G.R.A.C.E. and returns to Heaven plus one.
The body acquired for him is the body of a healer Cas glimpsed in the city when he and and Sam went to acquire medicines for Ben. It is a body he found himself thinking appreciative thoughts about and that even Dean admitted is not displeasing to the eye.
Dean wakes up, and immediately he looks to his left where he knows the holy relic Chuck wasn't supposed to use should be sitting.
Dean likes that or. Yeah, it was Cas's wish to bow out gracefully or some shit, but he can bitch at Dean about that after they've got him back. In a body Dean can actually hold in his arms, like he's been dreaming about since he realized how he feels about his angel.
Gabriel - the archangel to first greet their convoy - smirks and responds in a way that Cas will learn is quite indicative of the mischevious angel's personality.
,” he says firmly. Then he turns back to Cas. “I mean, how is this
"Damn it, Cas!" Dean hisses out the side of his mouth as Cas walks up next to him.
Dean makes a gesture that Cas cannot see, and Bobby's gruff laughter tells Cas that it is not one his angel brethren would likely approve of.
Dean doesn't think a "code 14" means 'Crazy Knife-Wielding Pervert With Little Girl'. But it's probably pretty close.
,' Dean thinks at the angel, as hard as he can. '
Bobby and Ellen actually laugh.
“Nervous” or not, Dean can’t just let that one go. He takes a seat on the couch. And just to show how not frightened he is, he sits close enough to Castiel that Castiel’s hand, resting on the back of the couch, and his shoulder touch.
"Thank you," he says sincerely.
Cas waits patiently for Dean to try to pull and pry and, yes,
And yet, he can't bask in this moment the way he might have before he
And that is in Heaven.
For a moment, Dean thinks even the flames in the fireplace have frozen.
“One thing you gotta do,” Dean says, using his free hand to point at Cas in emphasis. “Is cut out that dared not hope bullshit. You’re the Plucky Little Angel Who Could, remember? I’m the screw-up you had to pull out of Hell.”
Which- Okay, yeah, is probably the biggest reason not to do it. But catching hell from Sam would still suck pretty bad.
"Hey, you're not alone," Dean says, planting another kiss on Cas's lips. "Hear me? Never again."
There's no use answering, however. Seemingly out of nowhere, cars appear, surrounding Dean's Impala, Jake's pickup, and Meg's Mustang.
"That's right, we captured him," Sam says immediately, and Dean steps in front of Cas as if he can hide the shadow of Cas's own wings behind his mortal form.
a good thought to have right now.
That was different, though. There was a chance then, at least, that he could lead the fuckers away from his brother. It meant throwing his body off the top of a four story building, and damned if Dean knows how he even survived, but it was a
“You go get some coffee or something,” he says before he can chicken out. Sam kinds starts. “I’m-” Dean’s not gonna say ‘
Castiel’s teeth are bright in the near darkness. No matter how pretty, Dean will always find it unsettling to see a demon grin.
The mother isn't even trying to pretend anymore - she's outright staring. Dean represses the urge to stick his tongue out at her.
"Hey, you..." Dean says, seeing him finally awake and aware. The human's grin could light up a room.
Then, of course, there’s
The demon starts towards him and he calmly holds up one hand, palm outward. A wave of energy bursts from him in a flash of white light. Its forceful enough to rock Cas back on his heels, but he keeps his footing.
As always, he knows what Dean means, even when Dean’s not certain what point he’s making.
Cas joins his family. If the angel does not believe - as many of the garrison do, that the human resistance will simply die out if left alone - and try to take Dean and the others in... They will die rather than let themselves be taken. And Cas would rather die than to survive them.
"Oh my g- We thought we were the only ones left!" Andy exclaims.
"Help me remove this dress or I will remove it through means that will necessitate its purchase."
Cas smiles as Dean's hands acquaint themselves with Cas's new body - just as Cas adjusts to touching Dean's body from outside of it - and feels like making some inappropriate gestures of his own.
,' the angel thinks, sounding as anguished as Dean feels. '
Cas closes his eyes again and wants to wail.
me, Dean. Because you want your adopted daddy to live to find a way out of that wheelchair. Because you don’t want Lucifer to ride Sam like a ten dollar whore all the way to the end of the world. You need me… because you know you’ll fail without me, and I am helping you because
His skin feels clammy in the muggy Surface air; his eyes sting. He wonders what this exposure would do to his body - so used to the purified air and even climes of Heaven - if not for his biometrics and shudders. “Release him or die,” Cas says when the demons don’t relent.
Cas scowls. "Don't blaspheme," he scolds for the umpteenth time.
"Sammy." Saying his brother's name, the way he says it (nobody calls Sam 'Sammy' but Dean) is a privelege that Dean thought he might never experience again.
Dean Winchester has gained a lot of favor. His many successes in diffusing demon uprisings have become legend among the normals.
them. Nevermind that improperly installed biometrics almost always warp the mind and deform the body. Nevermind that a faulty teleporter can cause hideous physical mutations. Nevermind that intruders into Heaven are doomed to a fate worse than death. The Archangels, who govern angels like Cas, are almost religious in their fervor about the “sanctity” and exclusivity of Heaven. Old families with Old blood (and Old money) live above the smog and gloom of Terra - the great city that now stretches over the entirety of the Surface. The angels’ ancestors were the first to attain the biometrics that changed the world - that raised their chosen number above the rest of the dirty, hungry, sickly masses; above poverty and illness and violence.
"No. I am with them. They are my friends," Cas says, loudly and clearly.
But there are already footsteps crowding around each of the human's vehicles, the angel's companions searching for more resistance members and angel captives. Cas would have been no more safe in the car at this moment than at Dean's side.
Cas shudders for the second time today, thinking what would have happened to this man in the demons’ clutches. Roughshod biometrics are a horrific thought to an angel, but the thought of having used, out-of-date, filthy - maybe even nonfunctional - biometrics forced onto you… in some dank subterranean cavern…
Castiel manipulated too. He had known the price - the price of saving Dean… was losing Dean’s soul. “Why?” Dean asks, a broken sound. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
' a great bit. The zipper is stuck. It will not move by being '
Sam’s about shaking himself. His eyes are wide and he shifts on his feet like he’s nervous. Dean wonders if he looks as freaked out as his brother then figures that no one can blame them. Who wouldn’t freak out about this shit?
Dean’s mouth opens on a denial.
?” Dean’s voice decidedly does not squeak as he says this. It can’t, because Gabriel can’t hear Dean whine about not getting to see Cas for a little while.
--~--
"Have you tried-"
Dean sits up. "Cas," he says. "Where is he?"
“You got a better idea?” He means to sound forceful, but probably just manages desperate. Sam looks at him and Dean sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. “I didn’t think so. It’ll be alright, Sammy, just- Just give us some space.”
Also? A lot less problematic. A mother waiting outside the dressing stalls near Dean glances at him through the corner of her eye. Dean pretends he doesn't notice her pretending not to notice him.
He feels wetness gathering in his eyes as it had when Dean thought that Cas would die.
Cas is simultaneously touched and horrified by the gesture.
Dean chuckles. He can’t not. “Dude. Sam rags on me all the time about it.” In his subtle Sam way, when they know Cas is occupied elsewhere.
Cas smiles. It's almost not creepy now when he smiles that wide.
“Dean. I’d hoped that we might one day know one another the way humans may,” Cas said. “I don’t know if you feel the same-”
Cas lowers his hand. Then he runs to Winchester.
And starting off along that train of thought just isn’t pleasant. Dean feels like someone’s plopped something heavy and hot down in the base of his gut and it burns all the way up to the back of his eyes.
“That’s enough for now, Gabriel,” Cas says firmly.
Sam keeps staring and it starts to piss Dean off. It’s not like he wants to fornicate with an angel while he’s sick. It’s not like it was his idea. He’s not suggesting he molest the guy for kicks, for fuck’s sake-
Dean’s joke-making during times of stress sucks something awful.
"Holy shit," Sam cusses.
As he turns Dean's head so that Chuck can begin the extraction process, Cas thinks, '
"Cas-"
It’s kind of smarmy - and Dean’s still freaked out about the Cas is PREGNANT thing - but he kinda wants to kiss Cas, badly, at this moment.
“And - what?
He sees Dean's shoulders slump in front of him, and Jake restrain Jo from lifting her rifle out of the corner of his eye, as the angel confronting them grins, wide and happy.
“Cas-”
“Dean, when I met you, you were human. Flawed. Imperfect, even… tainted. I chose you over the Host, over Heaven, over my brethren.” Castiel couldn’t look at Dean when this discussion began. He can’t look away now. Dean’s eyes - brilliant, familiar green - entrance. Castiel wants to put his own view of Dean’s value in them, however he can. All he has for now are words. “I would choose you still. I choose you. Whatever the condition of your soul. I
Silently, he gets up, walking towards where Castiel is leaning back against the kitchen cabinet, hands placed casually against it as though bracing himself. Dean Winchester is unpredictable, hard to fathom, and Castiel does not want his presence to register as a threat. He is trying to look as human as he can, to appear as something the Righteous Man would understand and welcome. They are on the same side, and Dean Winchester needs to understand that.
, huh, if there is a God?"
"I'm not here to perch on your shoulder." Castiel says, shifting as a flicker of annoyance winds through him. "We had larger concerns."
But Dean Winchester just looks at Castiel, long and hard, and Castiel closes his vessel's mouth after a few seconds. Perhaps he expected too much. The Righteous Man has cynicism festering within him like a disease –Castiel knows, for he obediently put that soul back together piece by shredded piece, and healed it exactly into the human imperfection that it once was –neither more, nor less.
were his Father's favorite creations so stubbornly convinced that whatever they did was right, that the universe must stand aside for them and their whimsical human rules? They kept hurting themselves, touching fire and then becoming surprised when they were burnt. Castiel sometimes wished, amongst other things, that Father had given them –who were so very fragile, after all– better foresight and wisdom.
He is lashing out like a wounded animal, seeing nothing but enemies, cornered by his own fear. Castiel knows then that there will be much work to be done to restore the Righteous Man, and hears the cries of the other angels and the roars of the demons approaching. There is no more time to waste.
radiating off of the Righteous Man's soul as he begins to turn away from the body. Dean Winchester loves this man as Castiel loves his own Father, and will not stand for him to be harmed. He will never stand for anyone innocent to be harmed, and that is what softens Castiel's gaze and tone as he meets the human's eyes. "We need to talk, Dean." he says firmly but not harshly, and looks to the sleeping body of the Righteous Man's companion as the human follows his gaze. "Alone."
He is interested to find that Robert Singer has built a…panic room, as the Winchesters call it. Very well-prepared, very well thought out. Warded against ghosts, demons, anything and everything within Robert Singer's purview, and he is a hunter with many years of experience. Castiel recognizes the deft touch from the same ritual that had first called him to the Righteous Man's presence, and part of him nods approval. This man will be a valuable asset to the Righteous Man in the future, and Castiel hopes that Robert Singer will survive the Witnesses.
The televised box begins to flicker with static, and the Righteous Man stirs from sleep, quickly pushing aside the book that had fallen from his slackened hands. He grabs a gun, leaps from the bed, and is still completely unaware of the words as Castiel tries to whisper through the veil. The human takes a ready stance, aiming for the entrance doorway, and Castiel again, despite itself, speaks louder, trying once more to warn him against his needless actions.
