Cas' hands were clenched tightly into fists resting above his knees, but his shoulders had dropped and his breaths evened.
He fell to his knees, eyes darting around helplessly desperate for something to latch onto, some sign of hope. Something that would tear this reality to the ground. Something, anything that would make this not real. Something, some form of angelic power long lost.
They were falling because of him, all of them were falling because of him. He felt the wetness return to his eyes.
Dean glares over his shoulder. “This is why the food is for Cas and not for you, unappreciative health freak.”
Dean sagged. "I'm gonna try to get some sleep",  Raising his arm Dean gripped Cas' shoulder, incredibly grateful that it was sold and real. "It's good having you back, Cas. It's been tough without you." Dean hesitated hand on the doorknob before deciding he couldn't handle to see Cas' face choosing instead to enter his room hopeful for some sleep.
He's staring again he realises. Dean shakes his head redirecting his gaze to the floor. It's awkward. No one knows what to say, choosing instead to stare at each other in the dark bunker.
A Soft whimper, like that of an injured animal being bandaged, falls involuntarily from Dean's tight pressed lips.
“Throwing food is only going to attract more of them.” Cas gestured to the growing pile of birds bumping into each other even after the chip had been snatched, swallowed in a single heavy gulp.
"Let's make you an angel with a shotgun." Dean sang, causing Cas to look between the gun and Dean's smile.
Cas shuffled closer to the water's edge, let the icy crash lap across his toes and up around his ankles. He watched the soft pull of the tide, admired its consistency. Even as the waves changed size, splashing too close to where his jeans had been cuffed around his calf, threatening to soak the material to where it would seep inward sticking to his skin, the waves still drew back and returned to their home. No matter how far they went they always returned home. Always had a home to return to.
When Cas says nothing, Dean turns walking as fast as he can back to his room. Once the door is shut and safely looked he turns hitting his head against the wood breathing deeply. Ugh, that was so incredibly akward. Why did I have to be so weird? Why did I have to be such a creep and hang out in his room? I just wanted things to go back to the way they were before , well maybe not that but… He shook his head trying to clear away his thoughts. He needed sleep and a plan to try and tell Cas. He had missed his chance before and he wasn't going to lose it again. But first he needed sleep and he had a feeling that he might actually manage a few hours nightmare free tonight.
Hi, hope you guys are doing well. The scene with the stars is the whole reason this fic exists, it kept playing in my mind until I decide to just give in an write it. And somehow from there it spiraled into a 20,000+ worded fic.
Leaning over the edge of the bed, elbows on his knees, head resting on his hands Dean stared at Cas's bedroom walls. Cas should be here instead of me. He should be the one sitting here in his own damn bed instead of me. Taking a long swallow of the beer, he breathed deeply.
Although, Dean refused to give up hope that there wasn't something he could do to help. Even if he was using the possibility of a case to avoid the bunker's dusty old library. Forgive him if he thought books were best when they had pictures. Sam could have all the alone time in the library with his dreary old impossible to read books.
Dean shakes his head forcing himself to think of other thoughts, anything, anything other than the heavy slumped weight of Cas' body in his arms. The wing marks, his grace, his true self scorched in the ground forever. Instead he takes several deep breaths and thinks of Sam, he still has Sam and as long as he still has his little brother Sammy no matter how hard or unfulfilling life may seem he'll make it.
Dean nods his head, scruff dragging across Cas' palms. "That’s... that’s good, because I want you to know.”
Sighing long and slow, shoulders dropping lightly, Dean raised his hand hovering it awkwardly through the air, before resting it lightly on Cas' head and dragging it slowly through the thick strands of his hair.
He clutched his head, trying to stop it from spinning in motion with the dizziness swirling in his mind.
"Maybe that's why it scares me Sam," Dean dragged his eyes up to meet his brothers, "maybe it's because I seem to hurt everyone around me that matters and maybe I'm scared that I'll hurt Cas too. So what if he feels the same way about me? We both know he could do better."
Spotting an open bag of chips the seagull darted forward with a squawking war cry. Dean leaned to the side snatching the bag high up into the air. He glared down at the bird, but it only scuttled forward, wet feet plopping along the blanket. Slowly Dean reached inside the bag locking his fingers around a single chip he launched down towards the shore. The birds swarmed with a guttural cloud of noise and the plattering of wet feet on damp sand.
Tears fell from his eyes. At first he was confused by the sudden blur of his vision, scared he was going blind. But he felt wetness growing on his cheek. Reaching upward, he realised it was falling from his eyes. Lowering his hand to his lap he stared at the wetness in apprehension. He was crying.
"I've decided," Dean announced back to Cas, shrugging one arm through his jacket using the other to grab his keys and wallet from the counter, "that if I'm some perfect human role model then I should actually do my job."
Dean struggled to open his eyes against the brightness. Moving his head, he groaned at the strain in his neck.
Dean squeezed his way past the other visitors into the museum. The room was large, one side filled with the reconstructed bones of a T-rex, the other lined with glass panels containing crystals and other culturally historical artifacts that were probably stolen.
It's late well into the morning before Dean finds the energy to leave the bed and it's only because his lack of appetite is starting to cause his stomach to make interesting gurgle noises. Dean had only woken himself up shaking feeling like he was going to throw up three times in the night which he was counting as a success because it was the first night he'd managed to fall back asleep after waking up.
Castiel could see movement by the open door and Sam’s brown head looked in – what followed was a loud snarl from Dean and the alpha pushed Castiel even tighter behind him until he was pressed against the wall.
Dean didn’t join in the happy cheers either. “But can you really accuse Bela of anything? I mean, she can blame the mixed-up time-tables as a simple mistake and…”
a plan. And at least we found Cassie. And who knows? He is not stupid. Maybe when he wakes up, he will tell us all about that perfect route to escape, all three of us. He must have been looking for a way out before.”
lived, and until now he had been successful in keeping that information secret. But he could not think of a reason to turn the offer down without sounding like a crazy person – not to mention that his clothes would be soaked after two seconds outside – so he mumbled: “Thank you. But to the next subway station will be enough. I wouldn’t want to bother you.”
, but the man actually moved a few steps away from him to reach for some papers Naomi had already brought in. Castiel cleared his throat and tried to focus on the task ahead. Professionally.
“Yeah, we all know he can go a bit overboard. Just look at what happened to Ruby.” As ominous as that sounded, Alex just grinned at Claire. “Not that I blame him. And we have all been taught about over-protective alphas in school.”
“Well, it was your decision to make. I can’t tell you what to do. And of course, you can take care of yourself.”
Tessa snorted at Meg’s remark. A few moments later, the women packed up their stuff as their alphas came to take them home. Castiel stashed the empty plates in his basket and looked around, searching for Dean again.
Castiel sighed. “I know, Dean. But there is nothing we can do about it. And I agree with Jody. I don’t see Lucifer driving him to our place…”
“What? But there are so many of them.” Castiel would be the first to defend Dean’s skills, but the numbers were not in his favour.
The alpha drew in a deep breath and Castiel could see something in the man’s eyes change. They turned darker and there was a sudden hunger in them.
Dean packed up their things quickly while Castiel cleaned himself up as well as he could. He momentarily thought about taking a real bath in the lake – in his current state, it did not seem too cold at all – but decided he would only use a washcloth and the soap. No need to tempt fate by getting naked so close to his alpha. This promised to be the most embarrassing day in his life, Castiel thought as he tried to get rid of the stench of slick. He was amazed how composed Dean seemed to be. Even if he had not wanted Castiel before, the smell of an omega in heat should be enough to change that, at least for the moment. As they started walking by each other’s side, he sometimes thought he caught a whiff of alpha arousal, but it was overshadowed by the dominating smell of heat.
Sam just rolled his eyes with a soft smile. One of the things Castiel liked so much about the beta was that he seldom tried to push him. Whenever Castiel said or did something that might be considered weird – like his strong aversion to meeting Dean – Sam just accepted his answers without trying to change his mind. Even though he might sometimes try again after a while, but in the same unobtrusive way.
But no. He had worked so hard. He did not want to just be a mate and a father. He had fought for years now to end up in the position he held. He was a good king, and he had so many plans for his country. He could not just give them up.
Like before, the alpha started to lick and kiss his way down Castiel’s throat, pausing at his neck – where a claiming bite would go. He let his teeth scratch lightly over the spot. Castiel tensed abruptly, memories of Alastair’s vicious bites clouding his pleasure. The cruel alpha had always marked him violently. He had already been on strong suppressors back then, however, so Alastair was not able to truly claim him.
Castiel chuckled. Dean might never admit it in public, but he loved to snuggle. And they both knew it – so he wasn’t even trying to deny it anymore.
Sam blinked a few times, looking like there were a hundred things he wanted to say and did not know where to start, until he settled for: “The bottom of the hierarchy?”
At that, for the first time, since he had stepped into the café, Castiel truly looked at the alpha. His face was --- as close to perfect as a face could probably get. And the rest of him, as much as Castiel could see, wasn’t bad either. That man managed to look at the same time
But as much as Sam was interested in personal details of Castiel´s life, he was also open about his own past. He told Castiel how his mother had died in a horrific fire when he was still a toddler – some part of Castiel assumed it might be more than coincidence that Sam had lost his heart to a firefighter – and how his father had then buried himself in work. John Winchester had seldom been at home, and it became the responsibility of Sam´s older brother to care for them both. But before Castiel could find out more about that dependable sibling, Sam somehow started to talk about Dean again.
Settling back into his covers Cas placed the teddy bear next to his pillow, careful to prop it up so that it wouldn't fall to its side.
He stayed hunched over on the cold forest floor until his eyes had dried and his breaths were slowly and steady.
Cas’ voice teetered like a seesaw left too long in the air. His lips curled upward, eyes widened even as moisture pooled at their sides. "Thank you, Dean."
Dean learned forward until Cas' face was only a few inches from his. His breath hitched and he wondered if Cas could feel it on his lips. He breathed deeply, hoping he could gain courage from the air.
"He was the best." Dean turned, fleeing the room before Jack could ask him more questions. It was good to talk about Cas to remember, but it hurt the empty reminder that was all he was now, a memory.
Dean reached his hand out, before freezing in mid air, and dropping it back to his lap where it met with his other in an awkward repeated fumble. "Hey if you don't want to go back to your bed, you could stay here."
"Well maybe if you talked in a way that made sense like with effort instead of huffing whenever I do something wrong I could figure it out."
"I'm not going to get hurt, Dean.” Cas' voice was deafeningly loud, steeled with defiance. His gaze despite looking up held the clear impression of staring someone down, of proclaiming I have existed far longer than you, I know more than you could ever conceive and I can survive this and it would be best for you if you didn’t underestimate me. “I
Dean dragged his eyes upward. It wasn't the three magic words that he had been hoping to say but it was something. A confession of sorts. Cas was smiling and Dean found his heart beat began to slow, maybe he wasn't as bad at this as he thought. Maybe he hadn't made some cheesy love deceleration, but he'd gotten Cas to smile, to really smile and Dean was going to hold on to that image. To the knowledge that he in some form had the power to make Castiel happy.
Cas glared at Dean, who shrugged, lifting his hands off the wheel. "Hey you had fun so I'm taking it."
"I know our lives are one never ending shit show. Pick any one of them and it would give normal people nightmares for years."
Cas. Dean shook his head as the previous day filtered to mind. Cas was fine, he was in his room in the bunker. Cas was safe.
Dean clenches his eyes shut tight, but the heavy tears still manage to fall, a warm cascade down the planes of his cheeks. “Say it again.”
Dean's shoulders lowered, his face slipping. He spoke, voice soft in an unwinchesterly attempt to be comforting. "It's not
Hesitantly Cas copied Dean. Pulling off his borrowed tennis shoes and sitting on the edge of the blanket, feet sifting through the sand.
It scared Cas to have his core shaken as roughly as a building in an earthquake, foundation crumbling tearing everything down with it. To be left amongst the rumble with nothing but his own hands and a jar of cement to piece something new together.
"Please come back, please. I need you Cas. I can't live without you, I never got a chance to tell you but I will because you'll come back," Dean's body shook as he struggled to force the words out of his throat, "because you've done it before and you can do it again I know you can if not I'll find a way to bring you back just so that I can be the one to stab for being so stupid, nothing is worth sacrificing yourself over. Not even Lucifer you're too important because I love you. I never got the chance to tell you, but I love you castiel."
"You can turn on the radio or choose something from the cassette tapes." Dean leaned over, hand steady on the wheel, to pull down the glove compartment.
“Coffee?” Dean groaned, hands stretching above his face in a desperate attempt to shield himself from the light.
"It doesn't matter if you didn't mean to," Sam huffed a short irritated ‘Dean’, before he crossed his arms tightly over his chest, "if you ended up hurting him, just apologise."
Dropping his arms stiffly, like the un-oiled joints of a doll, Cas steps away from the wall. “I'm sorry. I shouldn't have. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. I should,” He turns, feet facing the door.
Which was why no matter how stupid and self scraficing his plan was, (maybe Sam was right and Castiel had picked up too much from him), it was going to work, because Cas was not going to leave him. Satan be damned Cas was not leaving him.
"So," Dean said, "why do you hold yourself to a higher standard? Sure you might not be good at being a human right now, but you've only been one for a week and I've had almost forty years of practice."
"Hey," Sam put his hand on Dean's shoulder. "I've never asked him about that stuff. You probably know more than me."
He commanded desperately for his wings to extend behind him, but he could feel them crumbling around him, could see the feathers scorched and decayed falling to ash in the air.
Another part of Dean was terrified of Cas learning how much he did mean to him. The poor guy had just become human for chuck’s sake. He already struggled with emotions, he didn’t need Dean’s stacked on top of his. And as greedy and ridiculous as it was Dean wanted Cas to stay, to open up to him, to be his friend. He didn’t think he'd be able to handle it if he lost Cas like he’d lost so many of his other friends.
Chuckling, Dean sat on the edge of the bed resting his elbows on his knees slumping his chest forward. "Yeah, being human isn't nearly as easy as it looks. I bet I had you fooled all those years making it look effortless."
Dean pulled off his shoes, laying on the arms crossed behind his head with a satisfied huff. Peaking one freshly mowed grass green eye open he squinted up at Cas. "Come on.
“Dean,” Cas said,voice calm and comforting, “you do not need to say anything to me that would render you uncomfortable. I know you are worried about me, that doesn’t make you weaker.”
Dean stared at the floor, watching his foot drag along the carpet. "It's not worth the risk. Just stay here, for me. You don't know enough about defending yourself. It's not a strong lead anyway. You can come on the next one. Okay?" Turning towards the door, shoulders slumping with exhaustion, Dean whispered, words barely carrying over his shoulder. "Besides, we could use you here for research."
"Just talk while I'm gone, please. I don't want to have to return back to," Sam rubbed his temples with the pads of his fingers with one hand as he used the other to gesture vaguely between them, "
Cas tilted his head, confusion evident on his features. Rolling his eyes Dean drags Cas closer to his side. “There” He whispered, running his fingers through Cas’ hair. Drifting off to sleep, all Dean can think about is that tomorrow he gets to wake up in Cas’ arms.
Sam grabbed a plate placing a piece of toast and some scrambled eggs onto it while rolling his eyes. “Thanks.” He muttered somewhere between frustrated and apprehensive.
He saw Sam in the hallway and he thankfully didn't say anything about finding him walking out of Cas's room, instead nodding to him and telling him that he made eggs that were still in the kitchen if he wanted some.
Staring down at Cas, Dean couldn’t help but wonder what was going to happen in the future. He wondered about what would change and found for once he wasn’t scared of the possibilities. His first thought wasn’t about doom or pain, but rather about how glad he was to have Cas back by his side. When he thought he’d lost Cas forever he'd been forced to face how much he needed him and now that he was back Dean was determined never to let him go again.
Standing too quickly Dean swayed side to side. He knew he was being too loud, that he would end up waking Sam or Jack, but he didn't care. He wasn't sure if he really cared about anything anymore
"Dean! You're being ridiculous. I know this is hard for you. And I know that this is probably harder for you than it is for me, but that doesn't mean I'm not also struggling. Cas was important to me too. But keeping all your feelings in and pretending there not there is stupid. When has that ever worked for you Dean? I'm just trying to help okay? I just want you to talk to me."
Dean stopped turning on his heels to face Cas again. Struggling to breath, he was thinking so many thoughts all at once that even he couldn't figure out how he felt. He was happy, so unbelievably happy that Cas was alive, and he was relieved that he wouldn't have to learn to live in a world without him. But he was also angry at himself for blaming Jack and Cas. He was angry and hurt and looking for someone to blame, something to hold onto to keep the guilt at bay, and he'd hurt the poor kid.
“Hey,” Dean removed his hand from Cas’ thigh, dropping it with a steady solid weight to his shoulder. Using his grip, he turned Cas towards forcing his gaze towards him. “Hey, you hungry?”
“Hey,” Dean rested his hands over his chest where his heart is, acting as if he were wounded, “don't give up hope yet. I'm young, I've still got my chance.”
"Then why are we here?" Cas extended his arm gesturing towards the empty field Dean had driven them to.
Cas shuffled forward awkwardly. "It was adequate. The process is odd and I'm still not quite used to it."
Watching Cas’ face, Dean waited for a sign, any sign that Cas had heard him. He’s surprised to see a soft smile slowly lift Cas’ face and the tension fall from his shoulders. “I love you too, Dean.”
Dean turned to see a woman staring at him with large eyes and a wrinkled brow, a mixture of fear and confusion tracing her features. Dean followed her gaze between him and Cas before her reaction clicked and he suddenly realised how weird this conversation must sound to an outsider. Grabbing Cas shoulder tightly, he laughed struggling to keep himself upright.
"Cas." He chocked on the word barring his face into Cas' neck. He knew he was crying, but he didn't care. All that mattered was that Cas was breathing and real and alive and in front of him. He wasn't sure how long he held desperately onto Cas or maybe it was Cas who was crushing him there, not that he thought he was trapped he wanted to be there, to stay like this.
"What, spend time in museums?" Cas tilted his head, words falling from his lips unusually slow. "I didn’t think you liked museums."
"Why would you do that?" Dean was desperate, he needed that case. He needed the distraction, anything to escape his thoughts, his mind, his memories of... Cas. The good ones, the weird things Cas used to say, the rare happy moments between cases and apocalypses all ruined by the thought of that night. He can't keep thinking about it, reliving it. He's already going out of his freakin mind.
I'm always scared to write Cas, especially from his point of view, because I have read so many out of character Castiel fics. But I think I'm starting to figure it out. Please tell me what you think.
Slowly, Cas stood. Smiling, Dean grabbed Cas’ wrist, locking his fingers over Cas’ stiff limbs. With a gentle tug, he pulled Cas out of his room and down the bunker hallways and into the kitchen, only loosening his grip when they stopped in the entryway.
Watching the calm waves of obsidian roll in and out, Cas’ realized that maybe he didn’t have to worry, he may not lead a life of peace, he may never know the feel of white chipped paint from picket fences as they ran along his palm, may never know what it felt like to leave and know when he would return, or what it would feel like to have someone safe and waiting for when he did, but he had forged his own kind of home amongst the Winchester’s. They had always taken him back no matter how big his betrayal, how much sand his feet had stomped and waves he sent spinning. They were always there with waiting arms for when he wandered back. Even when his hands were coated with ash from the burned reminiscence of his wings, when blue grace no longer burrowed through his borrowed veins, when he no longer served his purpose as warrior of heaven. They took him in with relieved smiles and fond words, even when he could only be Cas and nothing more.
Dean turned, smile growing on his face. Wrapping his fingers right around Cas' wrist, he pulled him towards the brightly decorated stalls. "Attempt number one, games. When we were little Sam learned about how carnival games are rigged and we managed to figure out a couple of tricks to actually win them. Come on, let me teach you."
Normally, Dean would have pushed Cas away with a “no chick flick moments.” But he doesn’t, he leans closer to Cas burrowing his head into his neck and lets himself cry. He wondered briefly what his dad would think of him now. How pathetic he’s being leaning on someone crying when nothing even happened. But then he thinks of Sam and knows that it doesn’t matter what his dad would think, because Sam would be proud that he was letting himself feel, that he was crying instead of turning his sadness into anger. He was accepting comfort from others rather than hiding behind violence.
Pulling himself upward, Dean scanned the area. Cas was on the other side of the room crouched over the decapitated body of the man he was struggling to fight. There was another vamp slowing inching her way towards him from behind, metal glinting in her hand.
Dean drew his eyes back to Cas frantically searching for any sign of life, soaking in the beautiful natural blue of his eyes, letting himself drown in their shallow waters desperate to let it wash away the other unnatural blue.
Attempting to take another step forward Dean stopped staring frozen eyes wide, hoping for probably the first time that he'd somehow hit his head and was beginning to suffer from a concussion induced hallucination, but he knew he wasn't that lucky. Lucifer was standing behind Cas, a manic gleam in his eyes and an unnaturally large smile making Dean, who has seen every horrible creature you can think of, shiver at the intent he was hiding behind it.
"No, not yet." Dean balled the shirt in his hands bringing it to his chest before remembering what he was doing, shaking and refolding it he shoved it into the dresser.
He was angry, that was for sure, and no matter how much he told himself not to be he was angry at Cas for making a decision that got him killed, for thinking that his life mattered less than Lucifer and though he knew he wasn't entitled to it he was furious that Cas left him. That he had put Lucifer above him.
Dean's not sure how long he's been kneeling in the cold wet grass, cas' body pulled to his chest. Leaning over resting his chin onto Cas' soft dark hair, he thought of the all of times he'd wondered what if felt like, if it was soft, what it would be like to drag his fingers leisurely through the strands, he'd wondered, he'd yearned, he'd hoped, but not like this, not like this.
Dean nods as if Cas' story means anything to him. "Right so if that's all, I'm going to head back to my room to get some sleep."
Dean leaned forward chastely pressing his lips against Cas’. Then again, and again. He already wondered how he was going to get anything done now that he knew kissing Cas was an option. Especially because, god kissing Cas, was amazing.
"Nah, I'm fine. I was hoping to get to spend some more time with you. You've been gone for a long time." Dean yawned a second time.
"No, but. He knows why you did it. He understands. What he wants you to apologise for is hurting his feelings. Tell him you're sorry and don't give an explanation."
“No, I'm a selfish asshole. I’m horrible about talking about how I feel. I only seem to cause people issues. I've never been able to hold down a real relationship, no matter how hard I’ve tried. I can’t be honest about how I feel. And the second I try people don’t want me anymore. I have no idea what I’m doing and I only seem to drag people down with me.”
"It's not just purgatory, it's everything. I'm weak with this body. I can't do anything." Cas' voice echoed distortedly loud amongst the silence as his hands waved around him in long broad swipes. "I don't know how to use it, how it works and I still try sometimes to use my power before…" Cas dropped his hands back to his lap, tugging at his lip with his teeth, voice suddenly quiet like the calm steady flow of a river after a flood, "I'm forced to remember"
But as he looked back over to Cas’ he realized he didn’t have to. Cas understood him in ways few others ever had.
After four hours and far too many articles involving food and Floridian deaths, standard crazy Florida shit, he hadn't found anything useful.
Sam breaths deeply as if holding himself back. "Okay. Maybe you don't want to but I think it would be good for you to talk about what's happening, about how you're feeling. Cas was my friend too."
Cas turned his gaze back to the forest he'd wandered through. "Well I am still technically an angel, but it appears that physically I have lost my grace and have become the closest approximation to human that is possible for an angel."
A series of loud footsteps startled Dean causing him to draw Cas inward wrapping his other arm around his side determined even now to defend him. But instead of a monster it's his brother kneeling down beside him a young golden haired boy is following and despite the appearance of his age Dean knows that it's the nephilim, that he's Lucifer's son.
Grip harsh like vines spiralled around old oak trees, Dean wrapped his hand around Cas’ shoulder, pulling him closer, encircling his crushing arms around his back, fingers spread brushing along the outward edges of Cas’ shoulder blades.
Pushing himself to his feet, he struggled, not used to the sudden weight of a body. His limbs felt heavy and stiff.
"Sam, Dean!" He yelled, voice oddly gratey and panicked. At first he didn’t recognize it as its own, not until he felt the cold harsh air that fell from his lips and heard the echo whip through the air.
"Is that really you?" He stared desperately searching Cas's face for a sign, any sign that this was Cas. He couldn't risk getting his hopes up. He didn't know what he would do if he had to lose Cas all over again.
Cas nodded, head thumping up and down in jarring movements. “I - ” he breathed deeply, “I…” he slumped shoulders dropping. “I had another one. I just last time you were so helpful.”
"Okay, Cas." Dean stood chair scraping against the tile as he turned, stepping towards his room. Even though Dean's limbs felt heavy and stift and he was still covered in scratch from the last hunt,  he wasn't sure if he could go to sleep, scared that letting go of Cas could lead him to disappearing again. If he couldn't see him, how could he be certain that he was still alive? He had to make sure some way that Cas was alive.
"Yeah. You just enjoy the view. I'll be sitting here with my eyes closed." Dean closed his eyes tightly as the seat rocked forward. Scooting forward, Dean opened his eyes "Nope that's worse, definitely worse."
Crossing his arms over his chest and lifting his hunting boots one over the other to rest on the table, Dean groaned for an unreasonably long time. "Fine I'll try, but only if Cas actually tries to listen to me and lets me finish what I'm saying."
Clearing his throat Dean redirected his attention back to the gun. "So the first thing you want to learn is how to hold the thing properly."
“Don't tell me about that, even the thought is making me want to hurl. You know we've been to actual hell, I think that's enough. You don't have to go through creating your own. We have enough problems to deal with as it is.”
"you're dead and you're not coming back, Dammit." Dean looked up screaming as if he could reach up to heaven and drag Cas back if only he was loud enough.
Dean's face slackened, lips tightened, hands clenched. "What about purgatory?" He asked, voice disturbingly calm, like a robot delivering a diagnostic report.
Yawning, Cas stares at Dean a small melodic sadness in the turn of his lips and the droop of his brows.
"I'll do it" Sam nodded and Dean pretended he couldn't see the concern in his brother's eyes. He couldn't let Cas go. He knew he could trust Sam that he wouldn't hurt or be disrespectful to Cas, but he couldn't let him go. He wouldn't not till he had to.
"You mostly. I don't like watching you get hurt. I never know what to do when others get hurt and I keep wondering what would have happened if I wasn't there, if I hadn't been able to push you through. I know I wouldn't be able to do that now. What if something happens and you get
Cas turned to look back at the sky streaked with his falling brethren. "Isn't it obvious? They're becoming human."
Five days. It's been five days since .... since. Dean violently pulled open the fridge uncapping a beer throwing the cap over his shoulder, shrugging when he heard it echo on the ground instead of the counter.
He was always in trouble when he was young for looking upwards, for flying higher than he needed, hoping to feel the rush of the air, to see the world below.
"Because we need to stay here.", Sam turned his chair, redirecting to face Dean, "we need to help Jack learn how to handle his powers. Jody can handle this."
Dean whispers a quiet almost inaudible prayer. The praying started ever since, god he still couldn't bring himself to think it let alone say it like Sam wanted him to.
Dean pulled a pan out from the bunker's cupboard. If he was unsure what to do, food was the best answer. Cas was new to eating, heck last week he didn’t even know what hunger was. Dean had to explain what his stomach growling meant if it wasn’t for him he probably would have starved to death by now.
Dean jumped nearly swerving the car. He clutched a hand to his chest as he laughed. "Cas, I learned to drive in way worse conditions. Besides", Dean rubbed the dashboard, "If this little baby was gonna be what killed me she would have done it by now."
Dean groaned. "Ugh, can we be done with this mushy shit. I feel like I have spent more time in the last week talking about my feelings than I have in the rest of my life."
Reaching blindly forward struggling to see through the tears he couldn't seem to stop, Dean wrapped his arms around Cas pulling him closer. Cas yelped in surprise, but when Dean buried his head on his shoulder failing to smother his sobs, Cas lifted his arms pulling him closer content with the warmth it provided. Dean wasn't sure how long he stood in that hallway, he couldn't let go of Cas. He couldn't return to the cold emptiness of his room. He wanted, needed to have Cas hold him. He only began to reluctantly pull away when he had to blink himself awake more than once, feeling guilty for leaning all his weight on Cas, for good damn crying on him. He was glad Sam wasn't there he was sure he would never live down the moment of vulnerability. But when Dean finally lifted his head from Cas shoulder he was surprised to see how red and puffy Cas eyes were. Dean attempted to step back but Cas' grip didn't loosen until Dean mumbled a sleepy confused "Cas?" Startled Cas withdrew his arms unnaturally fast causing Dean to lean forward struggling to regain his balance.
Dean could still hear his heartbeat thumping in his ears, drowning out his own voice calling for Cas. He was breathing again, not ragged weary breaths but breaths that were steady, slow and grounding. Stepping forward, a smile beginning to form. His eyes found Cas' that seemed to despite all the years of history between them still surprise him with how unbelievable blue they were.
Dean looked over at Cas letting himself take him in, because he can now. There's no need to hide behind darting glances and half hearted words. He doesn't have to hide, because Cas already knows and he feels the same.
"What?" Dean chirped, hand wrapped around his ear talking unreasonably loud, like an elderly grandma who refused to turn on her hearing aid. "What was that?"
"That's the thing Dean I don't think he can, even if he wanted to I think he cares about you too much. I get that it's scary, And I might not even get how this feels for you, but I think that it's worth the risk. I see how happy you make Cas. You're the only person that's ever made him laugh, even I can't do that.”
Castiel looked into Dean’s green eyes and whispered: “Don’t leave me again.” Dean did not reply, only buckled his hips up in a way that drew another moan out of Castiel. The omega’s moves quickened, still atop the alpha, he tipped his head to the side, baring his neck while he basically bounced up and down, hands on Dean’s shoulders. He could see in the alpha’s eyes that Dean was close and tightened his hole to finally push him over the edge. And sure enough, a second later, Dean came inside of him, and at the same time, the alpha sat up and bit into Castiel’s neck, having the omega cry out his own release with a loud
“They had some troubles, as it is to be expected with three traumatized women under one roof. But finally, they were all making it work – until the whole situation escalated when Claire presented as an alpha some weeks ago. Then, I received a middle-of-the-night-phone-call and just like today, I was on my way to Lakewood at an ungodly hour.
It took Dean a moment to form words while he looked like a heavily scolded schoolboy. Obviously, he didn’t react fast enough for the beta and she just turned back to Castiel, holding out her hand.
Castiel looked at the watch. Not even 7 a.m. His mate was already up and Castiel was by now convinced that Dean was not the sleep-in kind of guy.
Jack had been with the Winchester pack for over two weeks now, and things were still awkward between Castiel and Dean. The omega could not really say what was the problem, not specifically. Dean was always friendly towards him, but he also acted reserved. He still talked to him – especially about Jack and his progress – but it always felt like talking to his Alpha about pack business. Never anything personal. It was like their heated kiss in the hallway had never happened. Dean hardly ever touched Castiel anymore, and the few times he had scent marked him, it had obviously happened without intention. Once, he had even pulled his hand back like it had burnt on Castiel’s skin. The Alpha seemed to be still angry at Castiel for standing up for Jack when the boy had arrived. There was no other explanation for his weird behaviour.
“I’m glad, you like it so much, Dean-o. I thought only the best for the engagement party of my favourite nephew.”
“I can’t, Dean.”  Castiel closed his eyes, mouth almost too dry to talk. “I am already promised to someone else.”
Meg just raised an eyebrow, otherwise she remained surprisingly calm which unsettled Castiel a lot more than had she been enraged.
“So, that’s the preferred order? No marking without a mating ceremony beforehand?” Castiel’s tone was light, trying to coax Dean into a better mood, but the alpha only pressed his lips together into a thin line.
“I mean it. I promise.” Then he added, because he hoped this would convince the alpha: “It would only get
“This is nice,” Castiel murmured. For the first time that day, he felt safe, and he had no intention of ever going anywhere else again.
In the bathroom, Castiel decided to take a quick shower to get rid of all the slick and sweat and come that was all over his body, despite Dean’s attempts to keep both of them from getting too gross; then he brushed his teeth and changed into some slacks and a too-big shirt, feeling livelier already.
Dean opened his mouth to argue some more about how he had totally failed Castiel when Sam interrupted: “Can’t we just agree that we have all not been at our best tonight? Eileen and I even argued with Cain for three precious minutes because we weren’t sure he was just trying to deflect us so he could go murder someone himself.” Not even this comment seemed to faze the stoic widower. There were nervous chuckles all around. “But in the end, no one got fatally injured and we can lock up the killers, so I’d still call it a win.”
Castiel did not want to be too chicken to answer truthfully, bur neither was he ready to address his fears head-on, so he asked: “I… what are we, Dean?”
“And I won’t be able to protect you, Cas.” The words seemed to be ripped out of Dean. “There is a lunatic obsessed with you, and I can’t do anything about it. I can’t arrest anyone, because I have no badge; I couldn’t accompany you to talk with him, because I am not allowed out of town. And when they arrest me again…” Dean took a deep breath.
” Dean frowned, not remembering using a word like that, which sounded like it came straight out of a romance book from 200 years ago “to your mating. And I said yes. And he was very happy about it.”
“Oh no, I enjoyed today very much. It is better than brooding around in a dark room. I would be glad to join you tomorrow as well.” Castiel was surprised to notice how much he meant it.
By now, Castiel was 100 percent sure he was not pregnant – or rather, Dean was. According to his clever book, the alpha should smell a pregnancy on his mate within days after a heat. And Dean had not picked up on anything like that so far. Castiel would be eternally grateful that at least birth control had not failed during his last heat.
Castiel smiled at Dean’s words. He didn’t mind that they had to snuggle closely so that they would fit on the couch. Even though he had to admit he had imagined something more romantic as well when Dean would take him for the first time. When Dean would finally ---
“I hope my next heat comes around soon. I can’t wait until you finally claim me,” the omega mumbled out drowsily.
Uriel hesitated, then he almost bent over in bellowing laughter. “So, you have a secret admirer, Castiel? Really, that alpha of yours doesn’t seem to be worth a dime. Can’t even keep others off his property. Not to mention that he allowed you to meet with a former lover.”
“We could do this to Azazel Amber as well, considering Sam is consistently bugging me that he is the most likely killer.” She sighed. “And I agree. He certainly had opportunity and he is the only one we can at least tie to some of the crime scenes so far.”
“I am sorry I blocked the bathroom. You can get ready now. If you want.” Dean looked at some point above Castiel’s head, and a second later, the omega paled. He instantly ran his fingers through his hair, trying to get them under control, or at least to have them not stick out in all directions anymore.
“We wanted to get to Winchester. I… We have lost everything. My mill burned down, among two houses near it, and Lady Lilith blamed me for the fire. They wanted to execute me, but my kids… they do not have anyone else. So I ran.” He licked his lips, but he seemed to collect himself a little when neither Dean nor Castiel attacked him again. “But we got lost on the way. We have no food, no anything. And then I saw you walking right into our direction.”
. Those were just some things the alpha mate had to officially agree to – it would be noted on the license or ID. Without those kind of permissions, a mated omega would get fired or could even get arrested for simply handling money. This statute was especially hard on omegas who had been left after being claimed – living without your mate was hard enough, but this way they could not even provide for themselves.
“Morning, Clarence.” Meg smiled at him, and Castiel frowned, not sure whether she was calling him that on purpose – or had simply forgotten his name.
Castiel just moaned, overwhelmed with the heavy weight against his tongue and the strong scent of alpha arousal right in front of his nose. He started licking and sucking, bobbing his head up and down, still trying to get as much in as possible. Dean stroked his hair gently, moaning a litany of “Feels so good, Cas. Such a good omega.”
He knew he had no right to, but Castiel suddenly developed a strong resentment against his mate’s assistant. He let out a sound that could not be mistaken for anything but a growl. Dean looked at him in surprise and Castiel was even more shocked. In his whole life, he had never growled. Alphas growled, maybe some betas, but certainly not omegas!
“You… we should go back inside, Castiel. So we don’t get into trouble with our mates. I don’t trust that Lucifer. Sometimes he is gone for days, and other times he prowls around the streets every hour. Recently, he even talked to Alastair – you know that creepy omega who sat next to you in church. Got him into a whole load of trouble with his mate. She might look all sweet and nice, but if you ask me, she is as bad as Lucifer. I think they both got a kick out of the fact that the omega was to be punished for no reason.”
Castiel touched a hand to his neck and his frown just deepened. Maybe he should have worn a turtleneck to work today. Thinking back on the last weekend, he honestly could not tell whether he was feeling so down just because of Alastair’s mild sentence – or because of
“What made you think it was a good idea to just walk up a herd of wisent and their calves? I mean, they are not usually aggressive, but going after their offspring is just plain stupid.”
“And then I finally became pack.” Jack rubbed his hands over his face, then he looked back at Castiel. “I could never hurt anyone of my new family. You know that, right?”
At least he was seated in the fastest one they had – most of their luggage would probably arrive a few days after them.
The strange wolves were prowling forwards. His pack tried to keep them away with threatening growls, but they did not seem to be intimidated.
There was a long pause. Castiel laid his hand on top of Dean’s over his stomach, showing him wordlessly he was listening and feeling with him.
Castiel gulped. It did not necessarily sound like a bad thing, but he suddenly imagined everyone criticising him openly. He would have to move into a new home and needed to learn to interact in a different culture; he already felt like he could use some encouraging words instead of only the harsh truth.
Afterwards, Castiel still did not feel up for the task to teach kids anything, but he had enjoyed question time a lot more than he had anticipated.
They walked for hours, mostly in silence but for Castiel’s loud breathing whenever they had to move uphill. For him, it was without a doubt the most stressful part of the journey so far. Even Dean’s movements looked strained, so Castiel refused to feel too embarrassed for his red head and the tired feet.
“I wanted to, I really did. But then he… he said how surprised he was that Castiel was working with the police again – that he might have just chosen me to get him a good position. I knew he was just trying to get a rise out of me. But then he asked if he should bribe someone to get Cas fired. Again.” Dean looked down at his hands that were tied together so tight the knuckles had turned white. “Like he had done in Arlington.” Dean closed his eyes, and he almost smiled for a second. “And then I punched him. Right in his smug face.”
Dean pulled his hand back abruptly and frowned at Castiel. “You can call me Dean, like I said.” His voice was gentle, but he sounded almost --- offended.
It was a polite enough form of interrogation, and the two newcomers seemed to be surprised at how well Dean was informed. Anna quickly glanced at Castiel who could not stop himself anymore. He reached over the table and squeezed her hand for a second. Now, Anna’s glance wandered to Dean, who wore a blank expression on his face. Obviously, she was trying to make sense of their relationship, but Castiel decided he would let Dean get his answers first. He acknowledged it was his right as pack alpha. Obviously, even Anna agreed since she started explaining. But she addressed Castiel directly instead of talking only to Dean.
“Promise me, Cas? Promise me you will tell me what you have been thinking about those last few days. While you have pleasured yourself. I would like to know every single detail about what I have done to you.”
Castiel laughed. He loved how easily Dean could make him smile. “Maybe we should call Captain Mills first. We probably have to…”
“Plus, now that we have a lead, we are going to interview all those old clients. I’m pretty optimistic that some of them will talk to us. Especially the ones with the smaller fortunes.”
As he sat down and folded his hands piously, Castiel huffed out a displeased sigh at the strict allocation in this chapel. You could easily see every gender’s worth just from where they were seated. At the very front sat the male alphas – while the few male omegas formed the end.
The big man sitting across from Benny slowly turned around and rose from his chair. There was a bright smile on his face.
So when Uriel explained: “No, I don’t have a husband. You know, I am hard to satisfy. And I look for a very special omega before I will even mate.” Benny just continued without responding in any way – or acknowledging the look Uriel gave Castiel.
And like that, a new routine was born in the Dean-Castiel-household: They would go to bed, fall asleep, both on their own sides – but sometime during the night, their limbs entangled. Every time, Castiel would wake up with Dean wrapped around him, or his own head had somehow landed on Dean’s chest, arms hugging the alpha’s waist. He then would hurry to his own side, hoping that Dean had not noticed.
This story is set in a time frame of only two weeks and there will (probably) be 18 chapters. I plan to post new chapters on Mondays and Thursdays.
“Sam and Dean… are they mates?” Maybe that would explain their wordless conversations, even though Castiel had seen no mating mark on either man. And a part of him seemed to think the idea was laughable – his Other chuckled clearly inside his head. But Castiel did not pay it much attention –
Castiel pulled Dean’s face towards his and tried to convey as much emotion with a kiss as one possibly could.
“Well, kid? What made you leave? As far as I know the royal omega is not allowed outside the palace grounds. Much less on his own.”  Bobby still sounded impatient. And he had not yet indicated in any way that he remembered Castiel.
"Amazing." Dean shook his head "God I've been stupid. To think we could have been doing this the entire time."
Dean watched the pan in front of him, frown pulling at his lips, Cas was concerning him. He knew rationally that Cas had every reason to behave differently, that was to be expected, but Dean had never been good at being rational. Instead he let his mind stew in all his worries.
A small mischievous smile grew on Cas’ lips even as his tone stayed decipitavely even. “I am beginning to think I should take back what I said.”
"Movie taste tells a lot about a person. First we have got to start you off with some classics like Back to the future."
He stumbled out of the forest and into a large clearing. Hearing the rush of the wind louder in his ears than ever before, he covered them with his hands, struggling to block out the distressing sounds.
” Dean sat up, turning to look at Cas below. “No, you're not taking up too much of my time. I’m happy to help. Besides if I'm not going to teach you how to be human, who is? Remember when you got scared by stomach rumbling. If I wasn’t there to help you, you could end up dead.”
Normally when Dean found his eyes drifting towards Cas he would force himself to look away, but this time Dean let his eyes wander. Cas’ hair was somehow messier than normal and there was a small and almost indistinguishable smile on his face, but for Cas a smile was something and Dean was amazed that he was the one who had made it appear.  He didn’t think he should be trusted to have power over something as beautiful and complex as Cas’ feelings, but if he had the ability to make Cas happier well he was damn well going to try. Especially if it meant that he could see more of his smiles.
Dean snorted. "We'll not exactly. I guess it's different for everyone, but it's about finding what makes
Turning on his heels, Sam retreated as fast as he could hoping that maybe, just maybe for once they could sort things out like adults.
that you truly think that. I’m working on it.” Cas' voice faded, as he turned his head to the side as if gazing through a portal to some unknowable future. “It will take time, is all.”
Slowly, careful not to jostle Cas, Dean slid his left arm under Cas’ knees and used his other arm to wrap around his shoulders. Cas was a solid mass, but Dean managed to stand up drawing him closer to his chest.
Dean knows that tone, and simply grunts in reply. It's the tone of voice he uses when he wants to talk even when he knows Dean doesn’t want to.
Dean rolled his eyes, a chuckle a single breath long falling into the chilly breeze. "You're seriously bad at this."
Dean chocked struggling to breathe, every inhale hurt feeling like he was breathing acid into his lungs and every exhale brought with it a raspy painful sob and far more tears than he'd like to admit.
"I know what I'm doing Dean." Cas' voice rumbled, deep and echoey like an animal snarling in a cave. It reminded Dean of the first time they'd met. A barn in the middle of nowhere, Cas’ assuming strong presence, the flash of his winged silhouette filling the walls. It was weird to think that this was the same person standing in front of him so many years later. Dean knew that Cas still had that strength and righteous furry, the kind that could not be taken or broken, not with his body, not when it was buried deep into his veins. But Dean also knew that conviction led to nothing but death and disaster if it was driven without the power and control needed to keep it.
He spent several seconds staring down at Cas watching, suddenly understanding Cas' unnerving habit of watching him sleep.
Rubbing his hand up and down the length of Cas' spine, Dean hums understandably. “But I want breakfast.”
"Cas," Dean picked the box up with one hand, careful not to disturb the contents, "Can you return this to it's home?"
Tentatively he put his hand on Cas' shoulder, familiar territory. Dean has spent years calculating every touch determining what he was and was not allowed to do. Dean let himself cross the barrier, to touch in ways he'd always wanted.
"I can choose? What happened to driver picks the music shotgun shuts his," Cas lifted his hands creating air quotes "piehole."
He was confused as to how exactly Cas was brought back and he was scared that he might not get to stay. That he might not be real. That he could lose him again and now he knew for certain that he couldn't live without him.
When the portal opened violently expelling a beige blur Dean's eyes had trouble catching, he almost fell with the weight of his relief. In fact if it wasn't for Sam's arms still clutching him, lest another dumb self-sacrificing decision was made that day, he was certain that he would have landed in a pile on the grass like a collapsible folding chair.
Cas twisted off the cap and took a long swallow of the honey brown liquid, sweeter than the normal beers Dean drank with a hint of apple and cedar. "Thanks."
"It's not like that." Dean rested his elbow on the counter, waving his hand around as he talked. "It's just nice to get to spend some time with him."
"You know Dean, talking about how you feel isn't bad. It's actually extremely healthy and something you should try to do more often."
He knew why he had these nightmares. The images that kept returning, he recognised the origins of their twisted images, purgatory, falling. He dreamt of the world of monsters and the human stuck amongst them. He dreamt about the possibilities of what could have been, if Dean was injured, forgotten, dead. He re-lived his fall, the fall of his brothers and sisters, his family, his kind. Even though he knew it was not real, his eyes closed and his mind trapped, he swears the burning on his back and the wind whipping at his skin felt as real as they had that night.
Dean blinked “It's not that.” Upon seeing Cas confused frown, Dean clears his throat. “It's not that I’m not worried about you, because I am. It's just that’s not what I wanted to talk to you about.”
Dean stretched leaning on his elbows so he could look up at the stars. He had never had many chances to see the stars when he was young, always on the move with a brother he had to watch at all times.
"Okay, remember your position from before, you're going to hold the gun just like that." He held the gun to his side. "Carefully" he whispered once Cas had wrapped his hand around the wood.
Sam reached forward drawing the angel into a bone crushing hug, startling Cas and earning him several awkward pats on the back.
Cas tilted his head, eyes narrowed. "I have, but I will still be here in the morning. And you need sleep."
Dropping his head into his hands, Dean clenched his teeth tightly trying to remember all the reasons he loved his brother and why punching him would be a bad idea. "No, stop whatever thought you have in your head." Dean waved his hands. "Nothing like that okay. He was having nightmares and I felt bad with the whole you know," Dean shrugged his shoulders hoping to appear casual even as he whispered the next words awkwardly through the side of his mouth "turned
“But… But… I’m,” Dean gestured vaguely at his chest as if he could prove his entire existence was worthless.
Withdrawing his arm from Cas, Dean used it to wave nonchalantly through the air. "Necessary, pshhh I know. I want to, come on. Are you going to tell me this really doesn't beat being stuck in that stuffy bunker reaching the same set of archaic books over and over?"
Cas tried to lift the rifle but struggled under its surprisingly heavy weight. It swung sideways mere inches from Dean's side. "
Cas mumbled something indistinguishable under his breath, but pushed himself up and moved away from Dean.
“I - I” Dean Stares eyes wide, legs shaking, as the walls he built around himself tremble and shake, threatening to crush him in the rubble.
Cas smiles a small sad smile at the ground, before taking a steadying breath and forcing his gaze back up to Dean. "You're the one that taught me that. I used to believe that the words someone had written from my father were absolute, that my brothers and sisters were the only thing that mattered. That people only had value if they lived up to what we the beings with ultimate, access to knowledge they would never know, that had never faced the issues they live daily, determined had value."
"Fine," Dean huffed, dropping himself back into his chair and slumping his body over the desk. Glaring at his brother he dragged a book over the table and flipped it open.
Eventually he was trained to become the perfect soldier, a vessel who acted without thought. A way for others' actions and beliefs to be carried without the brute of the consequences. He had always secretly longed to fly without purpose again. To extend his wings and see how high he could shoot upwards.
Eyebrows furrowing, Cas glared at Dean as if hoping he could one day intimidate Dean into caring for himself. “That doesn't seem healthy.”
He turned to see Cas asleep side pressed heavily against his, head resting on his shoulder hair ticking his neck.
Dean knew he shouldn't be angry and he felt guilty for it, but he was at who he didn't know. Cas for being so god damn stupid, Lucifer, himself for letting this happen, for not keeping a better look out for Cas, for not being able to stop what happened or the world itself for being so unnecessarily cruel to him and everyone around him.
Dean raised his machete with one hand and signalled to Cas with the other. Together they slowly inched forward straining their ears for any noises. Dean could hear nothing but his own breath far too steady for someone in his situation. Inching his way to the front door, Dean waved Cas behind him.
"Well first of all purgatory is nothing to worry about. I still get nightmares about that place, but it can't hurt you. We escaped and the door got sealed off. We made it out thanks to you and see I'm as real as ever."
If it wasn't for Sam's freakishly large arms around his waist, Dean was certain that he would have jumped through the glowing portal. He didn't care if they no longer had the cage or any concrete way to overpower Lucifer he would be leaving with his angel.
” Dean whispers, soft and desperate. He was never one for begging. People weren't there to help, so nothing ever came from asking. Life was just something you had to figure out on your own. But as always in his life Cas was the exception. He was always there. When Dean prayed, calling desperate and needing, Cas followed without hesitation and Dean
Turning, Dean fixes Cas with a hard stare. "You want to rest your finger there gently, don't push it or it will fire."
“So, breakfast.” Dean liked the idea of staying in the warm bed holding Cas close to his chest, but he was hungry.
He needed something to cling to, some reason to hope, to remember something to distract him from the pain and the loss and the overall shittiness of life.
"Oh. Yeah. Thanks, Cas." Dean grabs the shirt fast enough that it unravels in his hands and he frantically shoves it into a ball cradling it to his chest. "I must have left that here when ... when - "
Cas raises his hand, between them leaving it hovering in the air, before dropping it lifelessly to his side.
Carefully he pulled out the box not wanting to harm anything Cas's found important. Inside he found the mixtape he'd given him, Dean's old AC/DC shirt he'd given him after he fell, a bee keychain that Sam bought him (Dean thought the idea of having a keychain without a key was ridiculous but Cas had of course loved the gift) and a collection of photos, several Dean weren't even aware existed. In one Cas, Sam and Dean were laughing in front of the impala. There was one Cas had clearly amaturely taken of Sam that was fuzzy on the edges. Another two he must have secretly taken of Dean, one was of his profile while he was driving and another of him standing in the kitchen laughing, he wasn't even aware that Cas owned a camera. At the very bottom of the box was another photo this one was framed. It was a photo that Sam insisted they took claiming that there wasn't enough of them, Dean was annoyed at the time though extremely grateful now, because even if he didn't put it on display Cas had a framed photo of Dean with his arm wrapped around Cas, Dean was laughing at whatever Cas had said he couldn't remember now and Cas normally tentative and shy was smiling, a rare and beautiful sight.
Cas’ hair tickled Dean’s neck and Dean wondered what it would feel like to drag his fingers through it. So he did, because he didn’t have to feel guilty about his thoughts anymore. His hair was surprisingly thick and soft.
He begged desperately. To who he isn’t sure. To Metatron? To the Winchesters? To himself? Something to stop the pain of his fall from grace.
Even in the dark Dean could tell Cas was squinting at him judgmentally. “That does not seem like healthy behaviour.”
"Casssssssss!?!" He screamed at least he thought he was screaming, he couldn't hear or maybe it was that he couldn't process any sound above the voice screaming in his head "Cas, Cas, Cas is died and it's all your fault you let him die. Cas,Cas,Cas" over and over again.
Dean suppressed a laugh at the sight of Cas' full force glare. He lifted his hands in surrender. "Okay, Okay. I get it that's not the point."
Dean forces himself to breathe, a raspy broken inhale. He stares at Cas. Dropping Cas arm it falls lifelessly to his sides. “
Cas smiled a small uptick of his lips. "Thanks for the offer Dean, but I believe you need all your appendages. I'm sorry for bothering you."
“I can’t say it. I should be able to, because you're you and you deserve to hear it and how am I supposed to - if I can’t even."
Cas’ pushed the blanket the rest of the way off his neck, rolling onto his side. He poked his head out from under the bundle.
Thumping on the door as fast as his heart beat, fist as tightly curled as his stomach and as heavy as his heart.
Cas. Cas. Cas. He isn't sure how he can be talking to him, how he's alive. And for probably the first time ever he doesn't care about the price. Whatever it is he can handle it if Cas is by his side again.
Carefully as if they were too delicate for human touch, as though he was afraid that they would crumble to ash and fall to nothing in the gaps between he fingers and he would be forced to confront that none of this was real, Cas reached for the items. The paper didn't crumble or tear, his fingers did nothing but graze their surface as he pulled them out one by one. Old newspaper clippings from some of his favourite cases, receipts to pit stop dinners that served greasy bacon burgers and apple pie and a keychain of a little cartoon bee Sam had bought him.
"YOU LEFT ME!!!!" Dean threw the now empty beer bottle at the wall that had been mocking him for days. It shattered sending glass raining to the floor.
Cas shoulders slump and his arm slackens dropping to his side, even as Dean's hand stays wrapped around it. “I
"Mom" Their mom. Dean knew that she was dead, because that's how everything in their life seemed to go. There can't be any attachments because every person he learned to care about seemed to get hurt and he was the one stuck there holding their bodies wondering why it always seemed to be them there instead of himself. He had lost so much lately the guilt of the disappearance of their mom was almost stronger than the loss of her. She could be anywhere. She was probably dead and all he could think about was Cas. God, when did his life become nothing but some freak show of never ending funerals. Although he supposed, that was all his life had and probably would ever be.
"Don't. If you want to stay here and mister Miyagi this kid knock yourself out", Dean breathed deeply, attempting to lower his rapidly rising voice, "I didn't sign up for that, so I'm going to go to work.”
anymore so." Dean pulled his arm to chest as if he was the one who needed protection from himself. He hadn’t meant to say that. At least not in those blunt biting words. He knew Cas was sensitive about it, who wouldn’t be, but it had slipped out and Dean was once again the reason someone got hurt. He hadn’t meant to. But that didn’t mean he could pretend he didn’t see the hurt in Cas’ eyes or the way his shoulders dropped and his arms wrapped around himself as if he was trying to shrink to draw himself away from his new human body.
"Hey!" Dean nudged his brother, narrowing his eyes. "I'm trying here. Are you sure there isn't some subtler way I can do this and avoid all the mushy lovey dovey chick-flick moments."
Dean pushed his mug across the counter, where it dragged squeaking along the surface. "Well I didn't mean to and if he left me finish-"
Dean smiled, a small tilt to his lips, glad that Cas' Casness hadn't changed. Not in the ways that mattered. "Dude, it's different if you're just standing there staring at me versus if you're asleep."
“Until then do you maybe want to watch a movie? There’s loads you still need to learn about human culture.”
"Well what should we do with Cas? He can't exactly come along. He doesn't know how to defend himself yet and I don't want him to accidentally hurt himself. I'm not sure if he's able to take care of himself yet?"
Perched on the edge of the bed, Dean rested a gentle hand on Cas' thigh. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Dean rolled his eyes. "Yes Cas was there with me. We went to the diner at the corner cause I hadn't had breakfast yet and then we went to the store."
Cas padded his way down the hall, stepping slow and careful, scared of disturbing the rare silence of the bunker.
Dean couldn't help but snort, even when Sam glared at him, water getting in his eyes. He pounded his chest twice, coughing one final time.
Dean had been hoping quietly, secretly from the shadows of his mind that there could be a chance of something, but the thought of shining a light on his feelings and forcing them into where they could be seen and heard, well it terrified him.
However, Sam knew that the scream was important that the literal spawn of Satan could just as likely lead to their doom. With one final glance at his brother, Sam turned running towards the house, knowing Dean would be incapable of anything at the moment.
Dean breathed deeply, shaking his head, hoping to start again. “Well when you were gone, I well … I realized I can’t live without you. I need you. And all I could think of was that I didn’t, before, I couldn’t, I wasn’t able to tell you I.. I…” Dean trailed off, struggling to think over the beating of his heart
Turning, Dean parked the impala up onto a wide clearing. “What are we doing here?” Cas asked, exiting the car.
Dean laughed surprised at how light he felt even with Cas’ weight laying on top of him. He would never understand how Cas could look both so grumpy and be so cute at the same time.
Cas was new to these emotions. He understood the basics and he had felt them before, but he’d always been able to push most of them away, leave them to be sorted another time. But now without his powers there was nowhere to escape to and he was forced to live through the horror of his own awareness and existence.
, fists tight and eyes sharp with righteous fury not soft satin touches and smooth velvet words. Why did it feel like he was the one teetering on the edge, when he was supposed to be the one making Cas feel better? "That doesn’t mean I should have overlooked how you feel. You wanted to go, I should have considered that. I just,” He forced his eyes up to Cas, hoping he could convey what he struggled so hard to find through words. “I don’t want you to get
Dean tried not to, to push everything down like he'd always done, like he could do with everyone else. It didn't work. Nothing ever seemed to with Cas. All he could think over and over again was you left me. Why did you leave me? I needed you and you left me. He was rocking back and forward knees tucked up to his chest head tucked in crying. He didn't try to stop the tears from flowing down his face and falling soaking the fabric of his shirt.
The door swung open to reveal Cas resting one hand on the frame and using the other to wrap around his sweater sleeve and rub at his eye. Adorable, Dean thought, before shaking his head dismissively. “Okay. When would we leave?”
Although Dean knew it was a dumb idea if Cas hadn't said anything in the last ten years he wasn't going to start questioning him now. If Cas even picked up on it at all, he was never the best at social queues. He was going to have to tell him eventually god damn it why did Cas have to go and get himself killed. If he hadn't just gone and thrown himself at Lucifer Dean wouldn't be forced to face how he couldn't live without him. He could keep living in his perfectly happy never ending aching denial and jealousy. When Dean looked back at Cas he realised he could never blame him, even if he did recklessly try and get himself killed all that mattered was that he was here now and he hoped he would never have to face the loneliness, the emptiness, the pain of a world without him again.
"Okay so you don't like that." Dean said as he awkwardly patted Cas' back, a mixture of apprehensive and comforting.
Dean reached into the seat behind pulling out a cooler of beer, and a couple of sparkles he’d found at a gas station.
that doesn't change whether you have wings or not. You're my best friend, my only friend lately that seems capable of staying alive. And being human doesn't make you weak. Do you think because I can't snap my fingers and reappear somewhere else or that because I can't make demons light up from the inside like an explodable glow stick that I'm weak?"
Shaking his head as if to realign his thoughts, Dean turned back to his pancakes. “I just,” he shrugged his shoulder hoping to appear casual, “thought that if we found a food he actually did like it might be easier to get him to eat.”
"Yeah." Dean whispered as he stared at the skeleton, a mixture of earthy fossil and bright white plaster suspended by string and plastic to a rough approximation. "But I bet you got to see lots of other things. There must be loads of examples of human's failures."
"I can still do things,” Cas' gaze was strong and heavy, his feet planted, but his voice shook wobbling ever slightly, “I'm not
Sighing, Sam grabbed the box in Dean's hand forcing him to still. "And I'm trying to ask if you've talked to him yet about you know."
Dean knows he doesn't deserve this. That he shouldn't be allowed to hold someone’s, certainly not someone as beautiful as Cas, affections. Not when he was so easy to influence and sway. All self-sabotaging worry. But he can't help but
Dean snorts. Was. Sam's already using the past tense and he thinks he can understand how Dean feels.
Cas grabbed the box, sliding it into the glove compartment. A heavy drum beat filled the air along with the scratchy voices of ACDC's back in black.
"Look Cas," Dean used his grip on the edge of baby's trunk to turn himself to face Cas. "Being human fucking sucks. I don't think you fully understand just how weak we humans are."
But his years of thinking, of wondering surged forward. Normally he pushed these thoughts down, hiding them in the darkest part of his mind, but he lets them stay, let's the force of his desire push him forward.
slowly Cas opened one eye to see Dean's chest beneath him. He was laying half on top of Dean, head nuzzled against his chest. He went to move knowing that Dean was not a fan of unnecessary physical contact, but when he tried to use his arm propped on the bed to scoot backwards, Dean groaned like a frustratedly neady cat and dragged the arm against Cas' back pushing him against his chest.
Dean shrugged, “not particularly. Now come on” Stepping away from the pan Dean turned towards Cas, brandishing his hand out in front of him. Cas stared at it, head tilted to his side.
As much as Dean doesn’t want to admit it, he wants trust, and soft gentle affections. The moments he has never allowed himself to have, all blunt words and harsh punch lines. He wants to be held, he wants those soft fond reassurances, the gentle affections. Even as he knows he doesn’t deserve them.
"Cas," Dean stepped forward, forcing himself into Cas' vision, "you're not useless. This isn't hopeless, we'll figure it out."
"You do know what happiness is right Cas? It's impossible to tell with the doom and gloom all over your face all the time."
He waited several seconds till he could breathe deeply, oxygen he shouldn't need filling his lungs; before, he blinked his eyes open straining against the light that stabbed into his brain.
” he repeats louder, bright, happy. Cas can't help but smile watching as Dean pulls away to stare at him, body completely lax and eyes fond. Cas could never have guessed that Dean would be like this someday, but now that Cas knows, the image of him relaxed and content in his arms is burned into his retinas, something no monster or creature could latch away.
“Sam wants me to talk about what happened about you and how ..., you know. It's been days and I still can't bring myself to say it it's stupid really I'm gonna have to say it eventually. I need to stop obsessing to move forward. I can't afford to let my guard down, to get distracted. So here I go, Cas is dead for real this time.”
Cas stares at Dean whose eyes are closed, glossed smile on his face, at the arm he's thrown over Cas' side and the steady rise and fall of his chest.
Dean stepped forward swinging, both hands on the knife as he cut through her head. He barely had time to wipe the blood off his forehead, before there was another vamp running at him screaming. Amateur. Never announce your attack if you're hoping for the element of surprise. The vampire grabbed his knife and Dean pulled the arm linking them forward using his strength to elbow him in the ribs successfully pulling his knife back. The vampire took a step back preparing for another strike, but Dean had managed to swing his blade through his neck before he could.
Sam stepped forward past Dean, voice unbearably soft and calming. "Time, research. We'll find something just like we always do."
, when he lashed out without thinking, when he kept everything so tightly that he exploded hurting those near him. Cas had stayed and despite all these things, Cas could still look him in the eye and say with startling clarity and conviction that he thought Dean was a
"She didn't ask for help, we were just catching up and she mentioned the case and I asked if I could come help her."
Cas nodded slowly, resting his spoon back into his bowl of grape nuts (bought by Sam of course cause you already have enough sugar in your diet Dean or whatever healthy mumbo jumbo).
"I just thought since you're new to food and it no longer is just 'moleculey' that we could try a little of everything to find out what you like. Make things a little easier in the future."
"Dean!" Sam glared at him, before turning voice softening slightly but still edged. "Cas." Stupid playing favourites even if he was right. "Stop. We don't have
"Dean, Dean" Dean's eyes jump from staring at the burn marks spread on either side of Cas, they were so large and beautiful he would love to have seen them before. Not the glimpses he'd caught of whispy shadows in old barns and battlefields, but what they would have looked like unconfined to a vessel. He couldn't help but wonder what the wings would look like spread wide, moving in action. What they would have felt like? Would they have felt hard and veiny, like a crow's, able to slice at the wrong angle. Or would they have been soft like the stuffing of his pillows? He wishes he could have seen them, felt them to experience some part of Castiel's true form.
The gray clouds shuffled over the once blue sky. Winds whipped the honey sand up in spinning circles, stray wrappers and old sea glass with long since softened edges followed their trail. Dark hair flapped across foreheads and pressed onto cool cheeks.
Dean groaned obnoxiously loud, while tilting his head down. "Come on okay watch me. Let your arms move to the beat of the music, bop your head. You don't have to do anything crazy."
." Cas whispered shakily as if the word itself held power. As if it were spoken loud enough it could be summoned into existence.
to." Dean sighed long and soft as he slowly laid back against the car, a small smile pulling at his lips. "Besides, it beats research anyway. I miss getting to go to places like this.”
" Dean waved his finger in front of Cas' face in a tsking motion the way a mother might show disappointment at a son for breaking her favourite vase. "You are not a bother. I want you to come talk to me if you're struggling or if you have any questions. As an expert in avoiding my problems until they tackle me and crush me to the floor, I would like to advocate against that, cause trust me when they do catch up it's gonna hurt like a bitch. So what you should work on and probably me too, is trying to fix them before they get big enough to squash you."
Dean's panting, struggling to breath as he finishes loading up the weapons into baby and lowering her trunk as gently as possible. The hunt only took three days and Dean dubbed it successful, even if that had more to do with the fact that it took his mind off of ... of, and beside he got to stab something, multiple something in fact.
Dean knew his brother was right. They should burn Cas' body. He would have liked that Dean thought going out as a hunter, as a Winchester. Reluctantly and unbelievably slowly Dean drew his arms away from Cas. Sam reached forward prepared to help lift his body, but when Sam got within a couple inches of him, Dean growled and wrapped his arm back around him.
"Yeah" Dean pumps his first in the air. "Are you ready to admit that I'm right and that they are different experiences?"
Clearing his thoughts, Dean slumped forward. "I realized that I don't want to live in a world that you're not in, because you're my best friend, Cas."
"I should. I'm just scared I'm not used to talking, expressing even acknowledging my feelings, but you're right I know what it's like to live with the regret of never telling him, of never taking that opportunity and it's a feeling I would like to never have to face again." Dean dragged his eyes away from the hideous motel carpet to meet his brother's eyes. "So, if I were to try and say take your advice and tell him about my feelings how should I go about that?"
Staring up at the odd texture of his ceiling, Cas couldn’t help but wonder if he understood sleeping as well as he thought he did. Humans described it as peaceful and calming, a bliss from the never ending draining expectations of reality, a place where the subconscious would bloom stories created from memories and imagination that could be bright and wonderful the filling of some secret desire that the viewer had never known, or they could be funny, an odd combination of elements that are inconceivable and impossible in the world of reality.
Dean chuckled, a self-deprecating sound not for its insincerity, but for its casualness. He leaned back, elbows burrowing into the sand and eyes slipping close. “I keep telling you I'm no role model, you're the one that doesn't listen.”
“Sit down, Dean. It’s about what we discussed last Friday.” Ms Mills cleared her throat and Castiel’s eyes widened. Oh god, how could he have not thought about this. Here comes the moment the Captain explained to Dean how he made Castiel feel all safe and gooey… Castiel felt his ears heat up und met the gaze of Jody Mills; a small smile tucked at her lips.
“Oh, nothing.” Ishim looked to the ground, seemingly embarrassed Castiel had heard him. He held up his hands. “I just wanted to congratulate you on your progress.”
Dean looked shocked. Clearly, he must have known this before, but he probably had never given it much thought. But Castiel’s reputation had been ruined the day Gordon had abducted him. Nothing could make it worse. Unless they found a way in the future to explain his absence from Michael’s court. Maybe a story about how Castiel had stayed with Gabriel the whole time – so he was still able to engage in a marriage to help Niebo. But Castiel did not want to think about that possibility. If anything, he wanted to believe that after the battle, after peace was restored and the country in capable hands, he and Dean would retire in some secluded village. Surrounded by three lively kids. Happy together. It sounded too good to ever come true.
Castiel smiled at his own plate, too shy to look at Dean after this grand compliment. “Thank you, Dean. I am glad you like it.”
“Very well, Dean. You have a wonderful pack. I cannot believe how organised everything is, and how well everyone seems to get on with each other.” His brows furrowed on their own accord as he thought about the rigid atmosphere in his old pack. Dean reached over the table and stroked two fingers softly over Castiel’s hands.
all afternoon. From that day on, he was even more anxious to not let anyone know where he was from. He also tried to keep out of Crowley’s way since the alpha seemed to be the only one to constantly examine him with this suspicious look.
Sometimes, Castiel might have tried to detect any indication that their relationship was not as great as it seemed – but unfortunately, Sam always made it sound like Dean, despite his flaws, was simply the best guy you could imagine.
As soon as Benny was out of hearing range, Uriel said: “So, you are still with the police. I admit I am surprised, Castiel.” He leaned forwards. “But you could have found someone better than that Winchester, I am sure.”
“Oh, I’d say we can think about something. Something that doesn’t even require us to leave this room.”
“Dean, I… I want to spend my life with you. I want to grow old with you. I want us to raise children together. That is why I want you as a mate.”
Castiel hesitated. Until now, they had always met in town, and Castiel had always refused Sam´s offer to pick him up or drive him back home. They didn’t even know where the other one lived – Castiel had made sure of that. He himself did not want to know where his Mate lived. There was no way he could keep away then. Castiel already had to pull himself together every other day so he would not fake an emergency at work and call the fire department. He would be jobless already if his superiors knew how often he had contemplated about forgetting a dishcloth on the stove in the office kitchen – and wait for the Fire Brigade to come and save them all. But he had always managed to talk himself out of it – how likely was it that Dean, of all the firefighters in Lemhar, would come to the rescue!
Castiel looked around and saw lots of other people putting crests and crowns of flowers on their heads. Some were braided of different flowers and all colourful, others, like Castiel’s more modest. Charlie’s looked like a bird’s nest, it was an adorable mess, while Dorothy had only one twig of checkerberry in her hair. Castiel could not make out a pattern – alphas as well as omegas were wearing them, most of them young, but not all young shifters did.
Charlie interrupted Dean: “I think I found a trail to the money. Before I rushed here to give you an update, I hit a banking trail that leads to the Virgin Islands. Give me a few more hours, and much more coffee, and I should be able to find it.”
Claire left, but not without another low growl in Castiel’s direction. Castiel stared at her retreating form with wide eyes.
Lilith herself did not let go of her weapon; instead, she left it at Dean’s neck, where a string of blood was still running down his shirt. The alpha bit his still bleeding lips to stop a hiss of pain.
Castiel nodded. But then he cocked his head to the side. “I won’t leave you. You’re my … you’re my friends. I will not run away while you’re faced with danger,” he replied, completely forgetting about his intention of
The town in which Jody lived wasn’t comparable with a big city like Sanddorn. Lakewood looked like something out of a children’s book: Little shops, small colourful houses and one could easily imagine that everyone knew everyone. Those places always seemed idyllic – but Castiel himself had grown up in a small town and he found the big city a lot more agreeable. Then again, it was always easier for omegas in major cities, since there were more jobs for them and the citizens tended to be more progressive – at least that was the stereotype. Maybe he had just grown up in the wrong small town.
“Believe it or not – she is of noble blood and grew up in the palace. Of course, she is five years older than me, but there were never many kids around, so… we sometimes played together. Meg, Hannah, Samandriel and I. Meg was the oldest and clearly liked to boss us around. She had always said she wanted to be a warrior when she grew up – of course that was not possible for her in Niebo. Her duty would have been to marry someone rich and powerful, like Hannah had done. But she had always been defiant. And one day, she just left. Of course, I had not much to do with her by then anymore, because I am an omega and needed to be sheltered and have no other people around me than other omegas or my cousin Hannah. Next time I saw Meg was years later during one of the rare and short visits of Gabriel. As the Captain of his guard. And she was so smug about it.” Castiel shook his head, smiling at the memory.
It took some seconds for the words to reach Castiel’s brain, but when he finally realised what his mate had said, the omega felt a wave of joy rolling over him.
They sat in comfortable silence for a couple of minutes, enjoying each other’s proximity. Castiel’s face was practically glued to Dean’s neck while the alpha’s fingers wandered over his back. Suddenly Dean’s hands stopped and he tensed.
“Then there is the Roman territory, but you know about them already. On this map, it is still marked as the Azazel pack. But we finally defeated them nearly ten years ago, and then Dick Roman took over. This is the part of the boarder we need to secure best. That small line to the west leads to the Hellhounds – named by Crowley when he was still the head alpha, but currently they are led by Abaddon. For decades now, the Hellhounds have been so invested in themselves and a regular change of leadership, they were not much of a threat to others. But I fear Crowley was easier handled than the current alpha. We’ll have to wait and see, I guess. In the very south lays Amara’s small pack.” Castiel shivered. He had heard of Amara before. The alpha had a reputation of being ruthless, and her warriors invincible. Castiel had even heard children’s tales about them drinking blood and thus, they allegedly became immortal. The omega did not believe in the supernatural, but still, he would not like to meet Amara or any of her pack. So he was more than a bit shocked when Sam added: “They are a friendly pack as well. Especially recently. Dean and Amara seem to have an odd form of friendship. I believe, for some time, Amara would have even liked to, you know,
Castiel cursed himself for blushing at the mild compliment. “Well, not as great as the cinnamon buns. When… why did you get them?”
All he got in response was a loud groan. It sounded very much like Dean had fallen asleep again. Castiel smirked. He might have worn out the manly alpha in his bedroom last night. But his smile turned into a grimace as he realised that he probably should not get overly cocky – his walk was a little too funny this morning for him to make fun of Dean. But despite the ache in his backside, he felt glowingly healthy. His doctor had probably been right. An alpha
For a couple of minutes, Castiel could hear Dean rummaging in the adjoined room. He was obviously taking a quick shower and when he came out (in only a pair of jeans, hair dripping slightly and all in all looking like a Greek god) Castiel was surprised that he could still hear water running. Without another word, Dean threw him over his shoulder, hand casually on his behind, and carried him to the bathroom – where the bathtub was already half filled with wonderful warm water.
After another deep breath, Dean opened the door and got a piece of luggage out of the trunk. Castiel did the same and followed the alpha inside the house.
never did. You moved here way too late for example.” True – and one of the reasons Castiel had never suspected the Crowleys, no matter how strange they had behaved at times. “But Crowley wanted me to watch you two closely. He thought there was something strange about you. You did not seem to be the type to fit in here. A little bit like Billy, but with even less reason.”
Jody’s eyes widened – and Castiel realised he had gone too far. He hadn’t meant to yell, but he was so angry, and exhausted. He opened his mouth to apologise, but then someone behind him cleared his throat. He turned around and saw Detective Rogers looming behind him. Oh hell.
“I am sure your mother would have loved to hear you say that.” It was Charlie, who had raised her chin defiantly. Jess also scowled at him.
Dean hopped off the bed, palmed Castiel’s cheek gently and brushed his lips over the omega’s before he said: “Our pack, Cas. I’m glad you think so.”
There were growls all around. And for a moment, Gabriel looked uneasy. Castiel noticed Anna and Balthazar were confused at the sudden hostility as well. But he had lived here long enough to know one thing: Wolves did not like being called
“But not as much as you’d like to meet Ms Baum again, I guess,” Castiel added with a smirk he borrowed from Dean.
Sam frowned at him, obviously not following Castiel’s line of reasoning. “It doesn’t really matter where you are from. We have lived with an unmated leader for too long now. Well over twenty years, to be precise – since our mother had died. And the pack would very much like to see Dean mated, sooner rather than later. For one, a mated alpha would be more content – and Dean had become more restless with every year now. And we will also be very happy for a countervailing force in leadership.”
Castiel took in a deep breath. “They wanted me to give him away after birth. They expected me to carry a baby, my son, in my womb for nine months, and then just give him away – to some loving happy family that could take better care of him than me, as they said. But I couldn’t do that. How could I ever do that? When I decided I would keep him, my parents and sisters cut all ties with me. My unfortunate mistake was obviously too much for them to bare. What would people of their community say? In the end, I decided to move into a different city, but I could not afford more than a rundown room that was hardly big enough for a rat to live in. But Gabriel helped me as best as he could. And, to my surprise, as soon as the rumour mill in my extended family started, Balthazar called me and said he had found me a flat his friend wanted to rent out. And so I ended up here.”
Then he realised that his direct route was blocked by another group of those animals, that had been halfway hidden by the tall grass, and he came to an abrupt halt. There were three calves. No way would he be allowed to walk past them – so Castiel was not surprised when he heard that the wheezing sound was getting louder. But they had not yet attacked. Would they let him turn around? Or would they suddenly decide he looked good enough to eat?
Concluding that his mate had been teased enough for one night, Castiel stated: “Okay, enough. Even if a whole army of alphas will come knocking at his door, he’s mine now. I’m not going to give him up.” Castiel determinedly swallowed down the bitter taste in his mouth at the thought that maybe Dean did not want to be
“How long do you think it will take until we arrive at Loki?” Castiel asked Dean, partly out of real interest, partly to keep Claire from poking more fun at him. Her language had turned noticeably lewd since his heat, but Castiel realised that she only made those remarks around Dean. Which did not help, of course. He might have been able to react far more laid-back without Dean around.
“Dean isn’t in the habit of bringing omegas in heat to his home. So I guess Bobby thought that meant something. And it does.” Before Castiel could object by admitting that he practically barged in unannounced, the beta went on. “He also said that Dean snarled at him. Something the boy obviously had not done since he was fifteen and Bobby ate the last pie.”
But maybe it would not be so bad if he decided to marry the guard instead of Sam. He was one of the Winchester people, wasn’t he? To be the personal guard of a prince, he probably even had some noble blood in him, maybe the third son of a duke or an earl. Maybe of an important enough House, so the wedding could still count as a peace offering between the two countries. While Castiel’s mind and heart tried to come up with a solution that would lead to a happy ending, all of his companions seemed to have realised that there was something strange going on.
He nearly screamed when he felt an arm tighten around his back, yanking his eyes open. It's Cas' arm.
Fist half formed, Dean swung lightly at Cas’ bicep. “Now quit thanking me. What kind of role model would I be if I
"Okay" Dean spoke in a low and calming tone as he moved to stand behind Cas. "Now you're going to lift the gun line up and look through here." Dean pointed over Cas’ shoulder to the eye piece.
"Have lost my grace?” Cas looked down at his hands, he could see dirt under his fingernails, and thin red scratches left from rocks and brambles. He stared, feeling everything the dull stinging ache, the air around him, the warmth hidden underneath his skin. “It would appear so."
Dean wrapped his hand around the handle, breathing deeply to gather all his courage. He pushed the door open. Cas was sitting at the foot of his bed, his trenchcoat now splattered with blood hung from his frame.
Turning on his side, Cas smiled and even if it felt like its brightness was burning Dean, he couldn’t look away. “You’re a great person too, Dean.”
He drew his gaze downward to where his fingers clenched and unclenched from their resting places on his raised knees. “I don't understand how you can begin to understand what you need, what is happening around you and how you feel. There’s so much happening, so much to process. I don’t get how you do it. Does it not scare you, the uncertainty of the future of your needs?”
Crossing his arms and turning to look away, Dean huffed, defensive pout pulling at his lips. "I know I just don't want him getting hurt."
Dean leaned over the counter and sighed staring at Cas as he talked to Jack. He was so happy, Dean could see how much Jack's view of him mattered.
Dean snorted, taking a long sip of his coffee, before smacking his lips together, looking directly at Sam. "Fuck you."
"Well Cas, I'm a tough guy. I can take care of myself." Dean watched the way Cas' shoulders hunched and his hands tightened, the rapid rise and fall of his chest as he struggled to gasp in air.
Dean turned to look over at Cas’ who’s smiling proudly at Jack. After seeing Cas’ smiling, Dean can’t help but smile himself. “Happiest I’ve been in a long time.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Fine,” His word comes out muddle around the chip shoved hastily into his mouth.
"You're in a good mood. Huh?" Sam eyed his brother scared of the potential term oil threatening to boil over in his mind.
When Cas hadn’t moved for several seconds, Dean cleared his throat, “Cas if you want coffee you're going to have to move, so I can move.”
Dean thunks his head back against the wall, using what little strength he can summon to pull Cas closer till there are only several inches between them. “
“All I want is for you two to be happy. And don’t forget that you can talk to me about anything okay.”
Once he was sure the door was shut and the Winchester's were asleep, Cas shuffled to the edge of his bed, reaching down to pull out a box. It was made of a dark stained Oak covered in ruins of protection spells and wards, something he had picked up on a hunt years ago. He flipped open the lid, staring at the contents within.
Cas hasn't even been back for a couple of days and Dean's happier than he's been since... well Sam can't remember the last time Dean acted like this. It had certainly been too long. Castiel was good for Dean and Sam knew that Dean was good for Cas too. It was obvious they needed each other, that they care for each other, that they love each other. He wondered how it took so long for either of them to notice and how even after all these years they both were too stubborn to do anything.
Slowly, wanting to savour every moment, he dragged his hand along Cas' shoulder and up his slender neck until he was cupping his cheek in his hand. Dean felt the rough scrape off stubble. He could freak out. He could so freak out right now. He is freaking out, not in the I can never take this back kind of way, but more like I can't believe this thing I've been working my whole life towards is finally gonna pay off kind of way. God he thought, I'm about kiss Cas. Cas.
Sam turned to face Dean from the entryway, rolling his eyes. “You know with the way you eat and act it's amazing you haven't died of a heart attack yet.”
"Well, I think you should tell him. You've already lost him once and I know how much not getting that chance hurt you." Sam breathed long and slow preparing himself from the inevitable backlash of denial and regression, "I think it would be good for both of you if you talked to him about it. You never know he could always feel the same way."
Cas pried his fingers apart watching as they clenched and unclenched the fabric of his pants. "Thank you, Dean" The words were quiet and barely there in the way truth always seemed to carry just under the world's radar.
“When I was an angel I felt things, but now that I’m human it's like everything is stronger, and more complicated." Cas clenched his hand around the edges of his sleeve, watching his fingers skim along the ratty tattered fabric. He took a moment to breathe deeply, struggling to find the right words to articulate his thoughts. "There seems to be too many things at once for me to determine what emotion I could be feeling.”
The silence settled amongst the rolling of sand, the crashing of waves, the whipping of the wind and screeching cry of seagulls circling in small circles around their heads. It wasn't completely comfortable, not yet, but they had been through this before, hurtful words and sorrys that couldn't quite patch the bleeding wounds. They would find their way through this with time, the same way the coral that once lined the beachside found themselves scattered amongst the sand in millions of pieces, with repetitive motions and learning to trust that the calming waves would come.
Dean laughed loudly banging his hand against the steering wheel, smile bright and wide. "You don't know the half of it."
The case had taught them nothing, as it turned out to be an angel that knew even less than they did, which left them nowhere nearer to discovering anything new about Cas' humanness. So now they were back were they started researching in the stupid library.
Memories from last night surfaced, floating through his brain in bits and pieces Dean was desperate to grab and cradle to his chest. He couldn’t stop the stupid dopey grin from taking over his face, even if he wanted to. But he didn’t want to. He wanted to remember this moment. He finally got to hold cas in his arms in the way he’d wanted to for so many years. In a way where he didn’t have to count the seconds, where he didn’t have to draw himself back and lie about the pain it caused.
Dean sighed "You know what I mean about the whole," He struggled to get the word out not because it disturbed him, but because he was scared of the face that Cas would pull and he didn’t want to have to think about the pain he's in, to think about what he's lost. He wondered what it would be like to lose such a large part of your identity, of how you function and think. He wondered what it would be like to lose the ability to do the things he loves. Although he was incapable of understanding Cas’ lost, his head and chest still throbbed with the thought of what Cas must feel.
Cas blinks his eyes open, scrunching his face up, disturbed by the harsh lights that filter through the curtains in large wide stripes of golden orange.
“Dean” Cas cups Dean’s cheek, forcing him to look into his eyes, small pout to his lips, wide sad eyes and furrowed brows. “I know that Dean. I know that you struggle with your emotions, I’m not stupid. I’ve been here for years and I’ve watched you. You're wrong Dean about so much.”
Sam pushed away from the impala, leaning forward, his eyes were wide with some mixture of apprehension and concern. "So you're human now?"
There's silence. Not uncomfortable, but apprehensive like waiting for the snap of thunder after a lightning strike.
Dean rolled his eyes, but his tone maintained seriousness. "There's always been something larger happening." He shrugged. A slow sad defeated slump to his shoulders and a small sigh of exhaustion. "We've never really got many opportunities to just talk outside of all," Lifting his hand, Dean gestured vaguely, "this. There was always something else happening, all that saving the world nonsense."
Jack, he may not know the nephilim boy well but the kid needs him and he has to help him. It's what Cas would have wanted. Cas had faith in Jack before they had the chance to meet and Dean needs to have faith in Jack, faith in what Cas believed. And he was starting to think he was right so far Jack had proven to be someone special in his innocence and desire to help everyone, to see the good in the world. A trait that Dean had never had the privilege to know, thrown too fast into the darkest twisted horrors the world of monsters and men had to offer.
“Dean?” Cas spook his voice quiet and concerned. Dean startled looking down staring in confusion, before releasing that Cas must have stood up. Drawing his eyes upward he saw Cas staring at him. Alive, Dean reminded himself. He’s alive. The images in his head were nothing but pictures. But Dean knew that wasn’t true, they weren’t pictures or baseless fears they were memories, because that was real and it had happened. Dean was certain. He’d never be able to forget the weight of Cas’ body in his arms of the dreary lifelessness in the days that followed.
Cas' eyes dart around the room taking in the stains on the musty brown carpet, the weird posters of bands he can't recognize, the bumpy texture of the tiles on the ceiling. He had to remind himself to breathe. It was supposed to be calming, but after several slow breaths in and out, he could still feel the fear crawling inside scratching at his organs, stealing his breath and making his body squirm in hopes to expel it.
'' Dean sighed, using the arm he had grabbed Cas shoulder with, to wrap around him leading him forward. "We should do this more often."
? Huh?" Dean breathed deeply, trying to keep the mental images flashing in his head tucked away with all the other thoughts he was too scared to sort through. He didn’t want to think of all the things that could go wrong. He didn’t want to think about what it would be like to watch Cas in pain, to get so close
“I know Dean," Cas tilts his head to the side, tone slow and earnest, "this is a lot for you and it’ll take time, but I’m here and I’m not going anywhere. I love you Dean and I’m going to keep saying that as long as it takes for
But when Cas closed his eyes, sleep didn’t come. He didn’t get blissful nothingness, or funny stories just black. He stared at the darkness. He wasn't sure how one could stare at the darkness locked behind their eyes, but he was somehow looking into its daunting abyss.
Sam gently placed his hand on Dean's shoulder. "Dean," his voice was soft and quiet like he's talking to an injured animal likely to dart away.
Cas nodded, wrapping his arms around Dean. "Thank you." Dean startled but wrapped his arm tightly around Cas' waist.
Dean turned to see Cas struggling to fight a tall muscular man that had wrapped an arm around Cas from behind. Dean stepped forward, but was stopped by a sudden weight on his back. One of the little fuckers had jumped on his back and was now trying to wrap his hands around his neck. Dean fell letting the added weight drop them both to the floor satisfied by the grunt the vamp below him made. Hopefully the creature had cushioned his fall enough he wouldn’t have to worry about his back tomorrow. He struggled to push himself up, giving the vamp time to grab his arm flipping him onto his back. He leered opening his mouth wide enough that Dean could see all of his teeth. Moving. He was moving forward, thankfully Dean still had his machete. He swung upward closing his eyes and lips tightly waiting for the sound of impact. A loud thud echoed along the wood floor followed by Dea’s  grunting as the body collapsed on top of him. Wiggling, he struggled to roll the full grown man off his chest.
He rasped struggling to breathe through fire and ice. He did not need to breathe, at least he never had before, but his hands reached upwards clinging to his neck clawing at his skin almost like he was trying to dig an alternate route for the air to enter.
“Cas!!” Dean screamed as he ran, pushing his limbs as fast as he could. Cas looked up. The girl’s eyes were paranoid darting between Dean and Cas as she stepped forward knowing she’d lost the element of surprise. She raised the blade, but before she could swipe downwards, Dean swung putting all his force into his arms, chopping off her head.
The case had ended less than an hour ago. Dean was currently bandaging his arm that had gotten a pretty bad scrape, it was his left arm just above where he used to have the red handprint tattoo. Not that he would ever admit it out loud but Dean missed it, the scar it was nice to have a reminder that no matter what there was still someone that cared about him, that thought he was worth saving. He wrapped the gauze tighter than he should have, needing a distraction from his thoughts. The hunt had just barely ended and he was already waiting for the next one.
Reaching over Dean placed his hand on top of Cas', stilling his fingers. “It’s okay to be afraid. What with everything that's happened to us."
There’s warmth in Dean’s chest. He wants to tell Cas. He should tell Cas. Now seems as good a time as any, but when he opens his mouth he realises Cas is already speaking.
"Aha" Dean announced, lifting the tape triumphantly into the air." Cas, may I present to you the perfect road trip playlist? Made it myself." Dean pushed the tape into the cassette player.
If his gaze drew to Cas’ to insure that the man really was beside him then no one needed to know. At least not at that moment. The time would come and Dean would tell Cas, but in this instant he was content to sit in the silence with nothing but stolen glances ensuring his friend was still by his side.
Dean struggles to keep the crack out of his voice, to stop a new set of tears from rolling down his face. "Too damn long"
A slow broken sigh leaves Cas. “You still don’t think you deserve to be loved. But you're wrong Dean," He slowly slides his hand up Dean's neck till he's cupping his cheek in his hand, "love isn’t something you have to earn.”
The ringing startled Dean mid sentence, ending his rant about Jack. Careful to steady the wheel in one hand, Dean used the other to grab his phone, bringing it to his ear.
Turning towards Dean, Cas titled his head, furrow in his brow. "I thought you didn't like when people were around when you were asleep."
Dean smiled, bright amongst the darkness. “Sometimes being human fucking sucks and you’ve got to take a step back and find a way to calm down before it takes over and I’ve found the best way to do that is the stars."
But, Dean knew that maybe he couldn't forget about this. He'd tried to numb himself, to lose himself to be anything other than this stupid mess of unrequited feelings, but it was one of those rare moments Dean knew were envietable, because no matter how hard he tried, even with Cas here it still hurt.
But there was always the possibility that maybe Cas felt the same way and maybe they could, well not have a normal relationship, not with the life they led, but they could be something more.
," Sam drew out the word till it rested heavily in the air. Dean groaned loudly, "Cas was leaving your room?"
"Okay." Cas relied quietly, voice bouncing off the walls in an odd distorted echo making it sound as if he was far away.
Dean shook his head fondly. "Because watching people as they sleep is weird man. Why do you think Twilight got so much hate? Cause nothing tips off the stoker alert faster than watching someone sleep."
Sam stopped, page halfway in the air, scowl already forming. “Dean.” He reprimanded. “There's not much written on angels, especially on them becoming human. It's going to be a while till we find anything.”
“Do you know what this needs?” Dean says speaking over his shoulder, waving his spatula at Cas in time with his words.
Cas knew that not everyone had nightmares, that they are not the natural state for humans, but they seemed to follow him everywhere. He knew that Dean had nightmares, whether he admitted it or not. He’d seen several of them when he was still the guardian angel protecting the Winchester’s, back when he was the one protecting them. Now it felt as if their roles had switched.
"He’s made some dumb decisions, but in the end he always tries to do what's right, to try whatever he thinks would help the most people. And I guess in the end that's all that really matters."
It was easier to see what was important from a distance, to see how little differences there truly are between everything. His superiors had never liked his curiosity, his fascination with their father’s favourite creations.
"Well, I guess that's another thing we gotta add to the list." Dean nudged Cas' shoulder "Hey, maybe you'll even find some music you yourself like."
Dean laughed. "I suppose you are, but the point is for you to use a shotgun. standing there being pretty isn't going to help defeat evil."
"And stop thanking me, there's no need. You've looked out for me and Sam for a long time. Maybe," Dean leaned over bopping Cas' on the nose. Cas' stares at his nose, lips scrunched in annoyance as he brings his sleeve up to wipe at the offending surface, "it's finally my time to look after
"You are both grown adults." He groaned, dropping his shoulders and pulling his arm back to his side. "I'm going on a beer run."
"I believe this is yours." Cas pulls out a plaid shirt from the closet, folding it in his hands and passing it over to Dean.
Shuffling the weapons in the back of the truck and counting the salt bottles Dean resisted the urge to groan knowing he'd only upset Cas further.
He sighed contently, before dropping his head backwards, settling. He lifted the arm resting on Cas' back to stretch both above his head in a slow growing groan. His movement shifted Cas who froze, scared of Dean's potential response.
Cas shook his head roughly, hair sticking up in all directions swaying around his crown. He struggled to breath lungs heavy as his body shook, sprouting from his spine and down out through waves in his hands.
"What?" Dean turned his head quickly from side to side. Lifting his hands, Cas used them to turn Dean's head to look at him. "That means we're going to start going back down. Okay. The worst is over."
“So, Dean, I hear you have information about Gordon Walker?” Victor asked after a while, when everyone had calmed down a bit. “You have worked with him in the past, Benny told me.”
He hardly noticed Michael and John Winchester saying their goodbyes to each other, and then a minute later, the king of Winchester was out of the door, accompanied by an amiably chatting Gabriel.
Michael had then seethed with anger. Reneging on their long-held promise could not be seen as anything but a deliberate provocation – and Pokol, with its dreaded head alpha Alastair, would constitute a strong ally for Lucifer.
He would have never guessed it – not just because of the picture. Whenever Dean had talked about him, Castiel might have noticed a protective undertone – but nothing that would have insinuated that Dean thought his brother to be weak or inferior. Quite the opposite: he had always emphasised how smart his little brother was. And just the fact that he had never mentioned Sam’s gender! Castiel had no doubt that his older brothers referred to him only as
It was true – Castiel was exhausted and he didn’t think he could walk far until he had a good long sleep. But he had no severe wounds. Or maybe, he was just too much in shock to notice.
“Yeah, yeah, don’t forget to mention how handsome your man is. And I don’t want to think about what his scent and voice do to your omega
As soon as Dean’s knot went down, the alpha reached behind himself – and handed Castiel a bottle of water. The omega laughed happily.
She indicated at one of the chairs in front of her desk and Castiel sat down, legs suddenly a bit wobbly.
“Your boyfriend, Henry – he was a dick.” Claire fidgeted her fingers around a glass. “I saw him flirting with someone else and I just… snapped.”
Castiel thought he was the only person in the room who stayed completely calm. He cleared his throat and felt Dean’s eyes shift to him, and his alpha let out a low whine. Benny walked to Castiel and held a gentle hand to his arm; it was obviously meant as a reassuring gesture, probably even more for Dean’s sake than Castiel’s. Like he wanted to show his best friend he would take care of his omega if they got separated. Therefore, everyone was surprised when Dean’s whine turned into a loud snarl. Rogers had to hold Dean back with force, and even Sam was at his brother’s side to calm him down. Benny on the other hand took a not-so-subtle sniff and with wide eyes he suddenly stepped away from Castiel, nodding at Dean who calmed down considerably. That scene did not exactly pass by in secrecy and most people were now glancing from Dean to his omega in understanding.
But Dean just tipped his head to the side and said: “Follow the river, eh? Smart.” Castiel blinked, not trusting his ears. “Just your bad luck that you started on this godforsaken place with no one to walk into for miles and miles. And I fear it led you a little off from the path to either Veenah or Winchester. But you would have arrived in one of Crowley’s villages in a day or two. Maybe he would have even helped you – for the right price.”
Castiel pulled himself up a little, trying to find a more dignified position where he didn’t look so much like he was ready to get mounted any second. The presence of the gentle beta helped him to catch his breath for a moment.
Castiel ate with fervour. In the last two days, he had eaten more than Michael had allowed him in the last month. When he complimented the food again, Dean grinned widely. The boyish joy looked strangely adorable on a grown man.
Unsurprisingly, less than half an hour later, there was a harsh knock at the door before Dean opened and walked up to Castiel with a grim expression.
Dean was instantly in Castiel’s personal space again, a hand quickly running down the omega’s neck. Castiel appreciated the affirmative gesture and led his mate back into the room. When they sat on their chairs, Dean let his hand rest gently on Castiel’s thigh.
“Yes! And I think I deserve a little bit of gratitude for it.” Dean stared at Crowley, both eyebrows raised at the sudden change of argument. “I basically introduced you to your mate. If not for me, you would have never met! I think I deserve a raise for that.”
Castiel stood stock still. For a moment, he was confused until he noticed he was standing next to an open window at the very bank he just had visited. He should leave. This could get extremely embarrassing if he got caught.
only a few seconds later. Dean’s knot locked them together, and Castiel let his head fall on Dean’s shoulder, being held up only by the alpha at this point. Dean licked at his throat, causing the wound to close instantly, leaving only a mark behind.
Dean studied him for a long moment, then shrugged and changed the subject abruptly: “So, who coaxed you into this corn-thing? Cesar or Cole?”
Castiel outright laughed at those words which sounded so much like Dean a moment ago, and Gabriel looked at him like he had just seen a ghost.
“What are you talking about? Of course, I am not going to work today. I am going to drive you home where you can pack a few things while I go grocery shopping. And then, I thought, we could head to a certain cabin near a certain lake.” The alpha blushed slightly and rubbed a hand over the back of his neck.
“They just brought in one of the victims. He wanted to buy some old painting and brought the money in cash. They wanted to do the exchange at the house of the collector – who is a customer of SecCo. There was even security personnel present. That’s so great!”
“Ok, that’s enough.” For the first time, Castiel heard Dean’s alpha clearly slip into his mate’s voice and it seemed to work. Claire looked taken aback and before she could respond, Dean had grabbed her arm and basically hauled her through the door.
Lord John had given over the crown to Dean two years ago, claiming he was too old for the throne. Sam assumed he just wanted to have his peace and quiet for a change. The old king had even left the castle and lived on a somewhat secluded farm where he trained horses, which was an old passion of his. One he could have never truly explored before, as king. Adam had stayed at the castle, now a fully trained healer, and often helped Rowena in her hospital.
“Good Shifter, no. Those who can still live in their units. Only when it gets too dangerous, they flee to one of the safe spaces somewhere deep in the forests. We have the surroundings scouted regularly -so we will hardly be attacked without warning. And fortunately, I believe not even Lucifer has an idea we are growing so strongly in numbers every day.”
Castiel felt a warm tingle in his stomach and sank back into the alpha, brushing a kiss over his neck, stroking his arms under his shirt. “I’d want that too, Dean. I just didn’t know it was so important to you. You know, most alphas will be happy to just put an irrevocable claim on an omega by marking them, without all the legal bindings and paperwork.”
those packs worked precisely, but Castiel had always imagined it would be very much like those of actual wild wolves. Everyone would look out for each other; the young ones would be cared for and the leaders of the pack would make sure everyone felt safe and no one suffered any hardship. Castiel had never had a big family himself; eventually even his religiously devout mother had turned against her gay son, so the idea of a big group of people looking out for each other had always seemed appealing to Castiel.
wanted the townspeople to be able to attend musical soirees and plays, so he would not complain about them enjoying some romantic comedy.
Dean eyed the young man up and down again and realised why he had been quite so irritated at the first note of his scent. That boy was strong. He could not say yet how dominant he was – not every strong wolf automatically wanted to lead; there was Gadreel, for example, or Ketch – but Dean’s wolf had definitely acknowledged him as a threat. But that also meant it was more probable that he had broken the bond without any help from Lucifer. And it definitely meant that it was dangerous for him to be on his own. A strong alpha with no experience would most likely snap within weeks.
“You know, it’s not going to go any faster if you just keep staring,” Castiel said without turning around. “But it
Naomi studied him as if she was trying to find out whether he was lying to her. “And what has your alpha to say to that?”
“I don’t think so, no. Of course, we can check the next time you are here; would be too early today anyway. I don’t know how this could have worked, though, pregnancy is strictly biology while a bond is on a whole other level. So don’t brood over it too much. But with a pair like you two – as soon as you are off your pills, there will be no drill before the little soldiers hit their target.”
“In short: Uriel never believed that Zachariah would be able to manage to escape us. After Ishim had told the Adlers about his plan, he had tried to convince Zachariah to turn around and just go back home. Find another omega. He tried to make him see reason, that an attack like this was too dangerous, that we might come after him. Even if they managed to return home – stealing the intended mate of a head alpha is basically a declaration of war. And Uriel assumed – and rightly so, if I might add – that the Adlers were too small to be a threat to us. But he only told Zachariah in private of his fears, knowing that the head alpha would never see reason in front of his pack – not when they might think him a coward.”
“Yeah, he’s an investment banker. And ever since he found out that I’m good with probability calculations and statistics, he cued me in. And I quite like it.” He paused. “But I plan to go back to college. I never got my degree when … well, after I Changed. But I think Sam and Dean want me to go back to school, eventually. We’ll see.”
He was surprised when he didn’t see Dean, just an empty chair before him. He had almost become used to this dream, and it was only when he realised he was alone that he got scared. Castiel felt cold sweat clinging to his body while there was still a hand over his chest. He took another deep breath and the scent of sulphur was suddenly gone. Instead, he could smell wood. Damp wood in a crackling fire. His heartbeat picked up and he knew what he would see before he even turned his head to the right.
Dean sighed, like Castiel had known he would. His Alpha did not seem to be the biggest fan of the Father of Wolves.
for Castiel), but the sort that made the other person smile and feel a little better about themselves. And Castiel knew that Dean was his, knew he never intentionally led anyone on.
“I thought you did not like the custom of putting dead leaves in your hair, old friend,” Dean teased Benny, and Castiel elbowed him with a stern look.
The next half hour, Castiel tried to keep a neutral face while Naomi lectured him about Little Heaven. It was not that different from what Rowena had told him last week, though the omega in front of him seemed to be a lot more passionate about it. For Naomi, this was not merely a case, but the way of life. Maybe he should introduce the two women and they could compare notes. Castiel enjoyed the thought of how Rowena would talk down to Naomi, sounding like she had lived here all her life instead of the omega. He was convinced she could pull that off with a perfectly condescending expression.
“What?” Alfie said when he noticed his friend’s gaping. “Please tell me I just look too good for words. It is not often I get to dress up.”
A moment later, Castiel’s phone rang without pause. After the second time Gabriel had tried to call him, Castiel simply set it on mute.
“Well, he had a good technique and showed enthusiasm.” Dean shrugged and the other men laughed. Castiel only raised an eyebrow, not impressed with this testosterone-fueled kind of humour.
“That was quite a way to wake up,” Dean said hoarsely – voice rough from sleep as well as his orgasm.
Dean and Crowley exchanged a few more words – where they had lived before, their jobs (Crowley worked as a Legal Counsel for an international firm, but Castiel noticed how he did not mention any specifics) as well as the horrible traffic to Kensington on a Monday morning. Neither of the omegas said one word, but Castiel did not mind. It gave him the opportunity to observe the man in front of him. Crowley seemed cocky even though he was not as dominant as Dean, never truly meeting his eyes, and once or twice Castiel was not so sure whether the alpha had only made a joke or subtly challenged Dean. But the detective seemed a lot more relaxed than he had been with Lucifer a few days ago. Maybe he just did not feel as threatened in his alphaness by the short man.
“I don’t know.” The alpha held his hands up like he wanted to show physically that he wasn’t hiding anything. “He wouldn’t tell me. But we arranged a meeting on Sunday. When he did not show up, I called the hotel, and they only said he was
since he liked the books so much and wondered how the stories would work in a contemporary setting. After the first episode (which Castiel enjoyed
Dean blinked a few times until his eyes were back to normal; then he turned around and walked up to meet Castiel halfway. He pulled him into his arms, breathed in at his throat and then pushed him back a little to look into the omega’s face.
As it got colder and colder, he remembered what Gabriel had said about the chilly nights in Winchester in this time of year. Castiel shuddered. He had also heard of dangerous beasts – in Veenah, there was hardly any kind of animal that would attack a human. But here, he had heard of some dangerous creatures, and he could not say how much of those stories were true.
“Very much like the mate of a very, very rich alpha. She seems to think every omega should bow down to her. But I did like Tessa.” Castiel frowned, waiting while Dean unlocked their front door. “But to think that she had to grow up here…”
“Why is this the first time I hear about this?” Castiel asked louder than he had intended. Usually, Alfie told Castiel every detail about all meetings with Benny, and at full length.
“Hey! Do I look that bad?” When Dean finally spoke, his voice sounded more humorous than Castiel had expected.
But the fact that Castiel did not know who had sent him the bouquet was not what had his heart race, it was the flower arrangement itself that creeped him out.
“You sure? I can change some things if you want something different.” Dean still seemed oddly sheepish and a thought hit Castiel.
Dean scoffed, and even Jody looked uncomfortable. Sam had not known Bobby before he had lost his Mate, had not been part of the pack until years later. No, Dean’s brother had only met Bobby when Lucifer had tried to take the pack from him, after he had killed Karen. It had been a good plan – Bobby weakened, and Dean confused by Lucifer’s scheme with Sam. But fortunately, they had been able to fight the hostile pack off in the end, and Sam had eventually seen the true face of Lucifer.
“Now, this had been a long day for you both and I will let you go in just a minute. Jody asked me to bring up one more thing though. Scent.”
Dean held his hand out to Castiel. “This is Castiel. Cas, meet Bobby who has been like a father for me and Sammy ever since I can remember.” At those words, for just a moment, the older man looked almost friendly.
Just weeks ago, Castiel had explained to Balthazar that he did not want to ever meet his True Mate – and now he was standing here in the middle of Castiel’s stables, looking all too much like the broad-shouldered alpha Castiel had tried to never imagine.
. For example, even if your mate is not normally allowed to carry money with him – you can write him an allowance for a certain amount of cash on a certain day. Same goes for all other activities. So you don’t even have to think about what you will grant him in the future – just decide on every occasion separately. This way, if an emergency appears, you can still easily handle it. Or maybe you want to use these cards as a reward system when he has pleased you.” Castiel could practically feel the hostility building up in Dean and if that official had not yet noticed, he was just
The first time Castiel had changed form, shyly hidden behind a tree, Jody had been shocked at his apparent struggle. When Castiel explained to her that he always had a hard – and painful – time, and how omegas had not been supposed to ever let their wolves out in Michael’s pack, she was even more appalled.
“Unsettle? I am not unsettled. I am… annoyed. And I never hired her … She more like just showed up one day and proclaimed I needed someone to take care of my place. And she was right – I have been looking for someone to clean the flat regularly. And then she just… started.” Dean shrugged. “Anyway, she
Sam laughed. “I should hope so. The last time he tried something, we took out a fair share of his alphas.” He sipped at his coffee again, then looked at Castiel who had a deep frown on his face. “I don’t think he is stupid enough to try something again, Cas. And even if he does, we will handle it. You’re safe here.”
And Jack was surprisingly disinterested as well. He had almost buried his nose in Castiel’s neck once he and Donna had returned to the campsite, making Castiel wary for a second, but then the boy had looked to the ground, clearly shamed.
Castiel and Uriel had been best friends growing up. They were cousins and about the same age; they had taken the same classes when they were still pups and, most importantly, they had trained together to become warriors of Veenah. Both had plans to become famous knights of the kingdom. Uriel had presented as an alpha when he had been fourteen, and ever since, his determination to exceed in battle had only grown. But Castiel had trained with the same iron determination. After two more years of joining the classes unpresented, he had accepted that he would turn into a beta. He was a bit disappointed to be honest, but since he was the king’s brother, he thought he might still be allowed to make a career in the army, even though he might never be as physically strong as some alphas. Strength was not the only thing that counted in combat, his teacher used to say.
Dean had not believed he would even be able to find Castiel in the first place, at least not alive. To be honest, he had been convinced Castiel would be dead already, if not by the attack, then by some other unfortunate event in the never-ending forest. And Dean’s mission was to find the body. Not that he had told Gabriel as much. But the place where they had been attacked was in the middle of No Man’s Land, a rough and unclaimed territory only criminals were drawn to. And Castiel had strayed for five days without meeting anyone – which was probably a good thing. Dean was still puzzled that he had managed to survive. And the idea with the brook had been smart; keeping water close and not getting lost were the two most important things in a situation like that. Dean had even liked that he had nearly attacked him with that knife in the beginning – and Castiel had wanted to, Dean could see that. He would have thought that Castiel would have been more relieved after he had told him who he was, but maybe Castiel was still too confused, although he – thank the goddess! – did not seem to be the kind of omega that was prone to hysteric fits.
He shuddered, until he felt a hand on his shoulders. The song stopped, and Castiel was pulled towards the crook of Dean’s neck where he could drink in the calming scent that had nothing to do with rotten eggs.
“I am sure that is true for you. Not that I have been following all the gossip around you, but how often have you been mated now? Twice? And all those girlfriends. You always seem so happy in those pictures.” It was partly a shot in the dark – Castiel knew that Lucifer had been mated at least once, but he never paid much attention to the stories around him. “Seems like all that is missing is a cute little Luce Morningstar Jr.”
I really try to get back into a more reliable schedule, but it’s just really difficult at the moment.
Dean paused, and Castiel could almost physically feel Dean’s pain, that radiated off him in strong waves in his scent. The omega braced himself for the next words.
Alex only blinked at her for a moment. Claire glanced at Dean who made a gesture that probably meant
During the short way to their home, Sam kept glaring at Dean’s back, and Castiel was not at all surprised when he and Eileen followed them inside the house instead of leaving right away. Castiel took a few bottles of soda from the fridge and handed them around. As Dean started to drink the non-alcoholic beverage, Sam’s frown just deepened.
“You have no idea, little omega. My life is already over. Every move I make hurts, thanks to you and your childish weapon. My battle days are clearly over. Even if I still had an army at my command.” She scoffed. “No one will come to my cause – they are all too afraid of the great Hunter. But now they will see him suffer at my hands. Will see that I win, no matter what happens to me.”
“Of course not! I would never steal from the head alpha. I asked him.” Castiel looked at Alfie with wide eyes. “I even told him he should run around a bit before he gave me the shirt.” Castiel just kept blinking. “Where are your manners, Cas? This is the time to thank me.”
“When we made the plan a few days ago – Dean did not even argue with you. It was obvious he thought it was a bad idea to come with me, but he just --- he did what you said.”
“Still wouldn’t hurt,” Dean mumbled. “If I have to share my bed with only one person for the rest of my life, I wouldn’t mind if I find him at least attractive.”
He made a dramatic pause and seemed disappointed that both Dean and Castiel only waited patiently for him to go on.
“Now for the omega: Unlike an alpha, the omega will be claimed permanently and the link cannot be removed, as long as you are alive. The omega will always crave a physical relationship with their mate. I am not talking about sex necessarily: little, seemingly mundane touches are equally important. The omega also feels a natural urge to please their alpha. This means, they will react strongly to any form of anger or displeasure coming off their mates. Those aspects apply especially to the first weeks, when two mates are not yet accustomed to each other.
“So… how about we try it out?” Dean pulled Castiel towards himself and the omega let him nibble at his neck for a moment.
“Anyway, if you had been working on your own before, then maybe you will be able to get new gigs here as well as other places.”
. It made no sense – even if she was glad that she had tricked them and would be able to finally get her revenge, she could not believe she would be able to get away with it. Dean and his men were just outside, only a few feet away. She could not kill him and then magically sneak out of the carriage unnoticed. Did she have some backup that would ambush the whole group, again? It seemed unlikely. They were already in Winchester and it was easier to hide one person than a whole group of fighters; especially because they were on the broad road to the palace, and not some deserted path in No Man’s Land, like last time. Maybe she planned to take him as a hostage. But then why come in the first place? To use him like a shield to get out – and then kill him somewhere safe? It seemed like a risky plan, at best. Castiel had no doubt Dean would pick up her trail easily.
the lead alpha. I might not like him that much – but I am loyal. What Abaddon did was mutiny, and she tore apart the whole hierarchy of our old pack. That is dangerous. There is a reason why everyone has a place in a pack – shifters get too restless otherwise; they fight with each other all the time, looking for a more dominant position. A pack needs a hierarchy, it needs rules, it needs a leader. And loyalty makes a pack work above anything else. So I followed my alpha – as petty as he might be at times. And we found a new place here – where loyalty still means something.” She shrugged. “And with hardly any omegas left… I would not be surprised if my old pack had mauled each other to pieces by spring.”
Delicately like a fallen petal graces the grass, Cas rested his hand on the outside of Dean’s arm, fingers splayed around the crook of his elbow. "Dean, I understand. I get why you did it."
There was cackling all around him echoing in the neverending darkness. He could feel nothing but a deep cold and crushing sense of doom. Blinking, he struggled against the sudden bright light glowing all around him somehow crushing in its weight, yet never ending in its expanse. It was blue, a bright unnatural blue crushing him from all sides. As fast as the light came it disappeared and was replaced by long black feathers falling, from where he could not see. He reached his hand out trying to grab one, but when it touched his skin, it crumbled to dust and fell through his fingers.
“A little tip: Don’t try to hit on Dean too hard. He might have thought it amusing before, but believe me, he will not appreciate it now.”
. “Mr Cain is the owner of twenty beehives. And when we arrived, he asked us all kinds of questions. And I knew the answers to almost all of them, so he said that we probably didn’t even need him as a guide – since I know as much about bees as he does! But you know how much dad likes bees, right? And how sometimes he talks about them for ages?” Dean nodded again, this time with a smirk. His omega was downright obsessed with bees. So much so that Dean thought he would have to plan for some extra space in their new home, for a small beehive. Not that he and Castiel had ever talked about moving somewhere else, but… Dean might have started to look at a few places in the past couple of weeks. This apartment here was nice, sure, but ever since Dean fully moved in six months ago, it was starting to feel a little crowded. Jack’s room was pretty small, and, well, if there would ever be more of their family then it might quickly feel cramped. And even if it would just be the three of them, a house would be nice – with a garden and enough space for a swing or something like that. Dean might have
“I will tell Sam that Thursday dinner will be at his place again. Without us.” Dean announced and Castiel’s frown just deepened. He didn’t like to trouble his brother-in-law – even though Sam would understand and there was hardly anything that could be done about it. Castiel was just imagining how uncomfortable he would feel to host the loud Winchester pack while in heat, when Dean added tentatively: “Maybe you should even postpone your meeting with Naomi. You will be there next week anyway. You can talk to her then.”
“Why don’t you sit down?” Castiel patted a spot next to him on the bed, and with a feeling of dread, Dean stepped forwards.
Castiel frowned at the paper in his hand, but he could see nothing of the kind in his text. Not to mention that he was far from looking forward to certain matrimonial duties himself, much less was he lusting after them – he got the impression that it was seldom pleasant for the omega and he would not share another man´s bed more often than necessary. But even if there was some hidden message he had not intended to send, he
I have currently written 9 chapters (in dire need of some more editing) and I made a crude draft for the rest of the story. Which means: I am confident I will be able to finish Feathers And Claws. I try to update once a week in the beginning, but please be warned that it might/will take longer for the later chapters! I guess the wordcount will end up somewhere between 50 and 70k.
“I am in no rush, Cas.” He took the omega’s hand, the one that had been cramped in his tunic. “I want to get to know you, too. You can introduce me to your family, and I’ll formally propose to you once we have their blessing.”
“Uh-huh.” Castiel said. It was not like Dean never did nice things – but breakfast was usually Castiel’s specialty. “And I suppose it has nothing to do with the bruise on your face?”
After the wolves had disappeared into the castle, Charlie reminded Castiel that they should go to the classrooms now. This had the smile wiped off his face rapidly.
He looked around the room, noticing that it was smaller than his own, and said: “Are you content with your accommodations?”
The alpha reacted nonetheless and covered Castiel’s body again, kissing him on the lips, the eyebrows and the tip of his nose.
“I didn’t know you had such a high opinion of him,” Castiel said, heavy on the sarcasm in his voice.
“A couple of months ago, my other uncle, Lucifer, dissolved the long-standing engagement between me and his son. But Michael soon found me another mate – from a pack that would help him defeat his brother in battle.”
Peaceful Haven – it was hard to miss, being probably the number one address for people with vast bank accounts in the whole area. Castiel waited a moment in front of the big windows that allowed pedestrians a look inside the lobby – surely to make any normal person turn green with envy.
“But now you have a mate. You should definitely bring home-made desserts.” Castiel’s movements turned a bit more rigid.
On this first day of this heat, he would take home a ridiculously handsome alpha that smelled better than anything Castiel had ever smelled before. It was like all good things combined – old books, pine and whiskey. For this one weekend – or night, whatever it would be – he would pretend to be an unattached, careless omega, who had the freedom to take someone to his bed without a second thought. And maybe the third time
Castiel grinded his teeth to keep himself from answering. Whatever he could say, she would just make fun of him anyway. But keeping quiet obviously did not help him either. Meg still laughed.
“It wasn’t a mistake, Dean. And Uriel is long in the past. It doesn’t matter. I should be over it by now; it’s been years.”
The omega was abruptly ripped out of the light mood when the door to Naomi’s office opened and his boss announced: “Ah, Castiel. You are late.”
Castiel forced himself to nod vehemently. He was glad his mind was clearer by the time someone had asked that question. Before the bath – or the tea, he did not know which had done the trick – his answer would have been a lot different.
He could not get the thought of the dead omegas out of his mind – looking at the photographs of the crime scenes, he was almost sure they had been tortured and killed just to humiliate their alphas. Used like a tool.
Castiel frowned. He knew all that – he had lived in a palace all his life and learned a lot about diplomatic ways to dazzle potential allies. He was just surprised by the way Gabriel told Dean about it. But the rebel just nodded solemnly, like Gabriel had just told him an important secret.
Castiel frowned; he did not like the final tone of the alpha. But the other man did not seem to mind. Quite the opposite, Castiel thought he detected a satisfied glint in his eyes as Ishim went on with a seemingly disappointed shrug.
He had been so caught up in his surprise about how easily he could leave the town grounds, it was only after about half a mile that he realised he had probably walked into the wrong direction. He was suddenly alone in the forest, and there was such an eerie silence surrounding him that it had his stomach churn. Since he was not sure where he needed to turn next to find the Old Tree, he decided it would be best to just take the same route back. Maybe ask the guards for directions, as embarrassing as this might be after his words from before.
“Okay.” Dean let out a long breath and he seemed relieved. Castiel pondered if the little outburst of Dean’s alpha this afternoon had not been provoked by Castiel’s words alone. Did Dean believe Castiel was trying to hide his claim? Just the thought was absurd.
There was a moment of silence, then Sam took a deep breath, not at all subtle, and asked: “Have you been in heat yet?”
While Castiel waited for the elevator – giving Dean the opportunity to cool off – he heard Benny walk up behind him. The two men stepped into the elevator and Castiel waited a moment for Benny to say something, as he obviously tried to do so. But when he was afraid they would be on the ground floor before Benny even managed to open his mouth, Castiel said conversationally: “So, Victor seems like a nice guy.”
Castiel could clearly feel the nervous energy radiating off his alpha, making the omega feel equally tense.
After some moments however, Castiel pulled Dean’s head back gently since the alpha had shown no indication to let go of him anytime soon, but unfortunately, Castiel started to get a cramp in his awkward position down on the floor.
“I have your scent now, my mate. You can leave and see after your responsibilities as I need to get back to mine. I would not want to cause you trouble with your king. He already seems to be enough of a dick. But I will find you again. We will talk about this.” His voice had been accompanied by a low growl. Dean closed his eyes for a second, and when he opened his mouth again, his voice was much gentler. “I will not force you into anything, Cas. But this has surprised us both. Maybe you just need time to think about it. And whatever it is that is holding you back, I believe I at least deserve an explanation. Not many people have the opportunity to mate someone the gods have destined for them – and even though I am not usually fond of some deity messing with my life, I will not simply throw away this treasure.”
Even before Castiel turned back around he noticed the sudden change of atmosphere. He felt shivers running down his spine and when he looked at his alpha again, he got even more nervous. He was not afraid, not really, but there was definitely something wrong.
Castiel hardly understood Anna’s words, he was too happy to finally see his sister again – even the stench around him did not register anymore. He leaned towards her again and breathed in at her neck. In return, the alpha scented him just as desperately.
Castiel looked up, puzzled. In front of him was Cesar, an alpha who had never talked to him before. The omega nodded hesitantly. He felt confident enough with the alphas in Dean’s inner circle – maybe aside from Benny – but with strangers, he still did not know how to act. He could see that omegas were a lot more outspoken here than they had been in Michael’s pack, and he was also not scared anymore that some random wolf would claim him, but he still did not want to accidentally provoke anyone. And alphas took things personal pretty quickly. Since Castiel had never felt the urge to show off any amounts of dominance, he felt like he could easily anger someone by accident.
Before Dean closed the door completely, Ishim looked at Castiel with pity, and the omega raised his chin.
Sorry, this chapter was a bit technical (and the overhearing part is like the cheesiest thing ever); – next one will have more happy/fun stuff (also not-so-happy-stuff).
The beta shot a glance at Benny, but he never had been able to resist a challenge, so he just pulled Alfie in his arms in a suave move. And Castiel knew well enough that Balthazar was an excellent dancer.
was not sure if Michael would pay them, or just use this excuse to pursue the rebels with more brutality than before. But now that they even had the wrong prince…
And that was something Castiel had never seen coming while growing up. He might have been taught to be the mate of a pack alpha – but in a world where he would have never been expected to take an active role in the pack. His job would have been to bear children, to make his mate happy, and, should the situation arise, he might have had to fulfil social functions like greeting guests or even oversee the servants – depending on the pack rules. All the while he would have had to bow down to his alpha, complying with all his wishes.
It might have been the wrong thing to say since now Dean’s rumbling turned into a real snarl and the alpha looked furiously first at Castiel, then back at the stranger.
Dean lay on the bed, a book in hand. One of Castiel’s books. One of the books he had read about 100 times – and that was exactly what it looked like.
!” Castiel frowned at his son; neither Balthazar nor Gabriel would have the best résumé as babysitters if they ever took a competition, but Castiel doubted they would ever let his kid go hungry. Going back to bed and leave him alone with Netflix after getting up before sunrise, however --- Castiel could see that much. Under his stern gaze, Jack blushed. “And I thought … I thought, you know, I could help you with your heat. I am old enough now. I can cook for you or change the sheets, like Uncle Gabriel always does. But then I saw that Dean was already here to help you. And when I told him about how hungry I was, he made me this.” He held out the meek rest of his sandwich with a wide grin that just had Castiel shake his head in wonder. Whatever he had expected this day to be like, he had never imagined that he would find Dean and Jack in the kitchen after waking up – chatting like they had known each other for years. Maybe this
“That was Sammy,” Dean said and from the tone, Castiel could not deter whether it had been a private conversation or about work. Unlike him, Dean had both his two best friends
Silence followed, then Gordon looked like he had forgotten something very important. He turned towards Jody Mills and announced with an almost pleading expression: “But I had not planned to kill him! It was a Full Moon – and I Raged! I just… I didn’t think straight.”
Jack nodded, then he shook his head, but Castiel wasn’t sure if he was confused about the question or just needed to clear his thoughts. “No, I did break it. What I said was all true, you know, the story with Maggie. And I ran away… but then… they caught me. Lucifer and Azazel. I didn’t have any chance against the two of them.”
Please note the trigger warning of past abuse/rape. This is not a dark fic (at least I don’t think so), but poor Castiel has a tragic past and lives in a society that doesn’t treat omegas too kindly. I will not describe Castiel’s experiences explicitly, but it is repeatedly mentioned. Everything between Cas and Dean will be consensual.
Castiel nodded, his eagerness returning at Dean’s question. “I want you in me. But I want to see your face.”
, Cas!” Castiel only looked at Dean in confusion. “The nurse at the hospital. He said that one of the men, probably Uriel, yelled something about how he hit him! Uriel knew who the thief was.” Castiel only blinked. “You and Benny said that during the robbery, while the lights were out, Uriel had hit the thief with his cane. He had bragged he probably got him in the knee.”
Castiel frowned. He was used to such nonsense from Claire, but he had thought that Jack was smart enough to back down when he wasn’t well. On the other hand, he always seemed anxious to disappoint Dean – and he was still so proud that he had been chosen for this mission in the first place.
“No, that must have slipped my mind. But he also told me that Lucifer liked to prowl around the whole village, like a dog marking his territory. Cain does not think he will ever
“Well, we used to be lone wolfs or worked in small groups. Angry and desperate. And stupid, mostly. But then Sam and Dean came along and gathered us all together. Said that we couldn’t do much on our own, but together, we are an army.”
Dean stepped back and finally granted Anna room to move, but he instantly reached for Castiel’s hand, not letting go of the omega, tugging him halfway behind his back in a protective manner. The female alpha exhaled loudly, and Castiel turned to Jody.
It was this abstruse thought that finally made Castiel open his eyes, albeit with a grumpy frown – he still did not want to wake up. And he regretted it when he finally did – because he knew where he was immediately, and he had a feeling he should change his position. As it was, both Castiel and Dean lied on their sides, facing each other. One of Dean’s arms rested around Castiel’s waist, while Castiel’s hands were both somehow holding onto the alpha’s tunic and his head was basically buried in the crook of Dean’s neck. The two men’s legs were entangled in a way that it was hard to tell which limb belonged to whom.
“Oh. That would be… nice.” Castiel tried to sound pleased rather than scared, and changed the subject with the first thing that came to mind. “What is Dean doing today?”
. From that, Castiel assumed he was expected to clean up a bit, but nothing specific. Just to be sure, he had asked Ellen as well since the beta was kind of an expert on topics of formality, but she seemed nearly as indifferent as Dean and Meg had been. Bright colours were common for such an occasion, she declared to Castiel’s surprise – in Heavesgate, unmated omegas were expected to dress in white
Castiel was involuntarily drawing parallels to his own claiming and not for the first time, he felt gratefulness wash over him. Dean had invited an absolute stranger to his home, not regarding for a second whether they knew each other well enough or not. Of course, Dean had also only marked him when Castiel had asked him to. Sam gave him a smile that indicated he could guess what the other omega was thinking about.
Dean chuckled, and Castiel felt ridiculous. A date with someone who has shared a house – not to mention a bed – with you for weeks sounded pretty absurd.
Still grumbling, she got some eggs out of the fridge and started making something of her own. When a couple more wolves came in and a beta named Pam yelled “oh, make more, I’m so hungry” Claire groaned, and everyone at the table laughed.
Castiel breathed out a chuckle and brushed Dean’s hand away. But he felt his body react in sudden interest. It must have shown on his face, or his scent, because Dean looked at him in sudden surprise. Castiel was just as astonished. But before either man could say anything, both their phones vibrated at the same time. They had received the same text message from Benny:
“Just once; he had called me after I got claimed. I said I needed more time. I lied; told him that Dean did not trust me yet. He said he would give me another couple of weeks, but then I would need to act. He offered that we could make a plan together. He seems to think that there is someone else here who will help me. That I should approach him, or her, when I am ready.”
“That next day, my mother died. She had been out on a hunt, alone, like dozens of times before. We thought a pack of wild animals had gotten to her. It was only years later we found out it had been Azazel, trying to tear the Winchester pack apart. And he almost succeeded.”
When they were back inside, Dean gently pulled Castiel towards him and breathed in deeply at his neck. He let out a pleased sigh, like he had wanted to do this the whole day. But when he looked down at the omega again, there was a slight frown on his face. Castiel suspected some of his thoughts had translated to his scent and Dean was picking up on it, unable to comprehend it.
On Monday morning, Castiel had just poured coffee into the mugs when Dean came into the kitchen – this time dressed in an expensive suit. The omega tried not to stare and rushed upstairs to change his clothes and brush his teeth to be at least moderately presentable during breakfast. As usual, Dean distributed the eggs with bacon on the plates while Castiel was upstairs.
While everyone was still praising Castiel´s pies – there might also have been some jokes on Dean´s account – the omega nearly fell off the chair when Charlie asked out of the blue if he, too, thought that the description of omegas in the media was unbearable.
The other wolves just watched with wide eyes. Jack had come to the doorframe, looking scared as hell, and Kevin had moved towards him, an arm around his waist like he was steadying a wounded man, which was exactly what Jack looked like at the moment. Drained and pale.
“Oh, yes, I had a mate. Poor thing died recently in childbed, took the little boy with her. Now I’ll just have to look for a new one. But you know, with work, I just did not have the time yet.”
Dean narrowed his eyes, but he must have noticed that Castiel had been teasing. He relaxed his posture a little, and only now did Castiel realise that Dean had been quite tense. Still was.
“You’re still…” Castiel stopped. He was usually very straightforward, but sometimes he simply lacked the words. And no one had ever told him how to converse with an alpha about intercourse. “You did not knot me.”
Suddenly there was a loud howling sound, coming from the direction of the nearest mountain. Dean did not have to turn around to know that Castiel had stopped in his tracks.
Dean’s face wandered up Castiel’s body and as soon as he was close enough, Castiel pulled him down so he could kiss his alpha. It was messy, all teeth and tongue and spit, but Dean groaned out and Castiel finally could feel something hard at his rim. A second later, Dean pushed in and Castiel sank his teeth into the alpha’s neck, more on instinct than anything else. This time it was deep enough for a mating bite. Dean kept pushing in and out of Castiel, in hard and deep moves. It didn’t take long – with Castiel in heat and after the excessive foreplay – until Castiel came between them at the same time as Dean bit into his neck. Dean kept thrusting into him for another few minutes before his knot finally tied them together and Castiel fell back into the mattress, full and happy and completely relaxed. Like all the tension had left his body, and he was just floating over the bed.
