Barnes pushed the knife deep into Tony’s body, then twisted it until the handle snapped off, leaving the blade stuck in Tony’s body. The pain both knocked the metaphoric wind out of Tony and rendered him momentarily dazed, and therefore defenseless against Barnes’ attempts to rip off more parts of the armor. He had to give the assassin kudos—he really fucking knew how to make it hurt. This was pain in a category all on its own; pain he hadn’t felt since Maya Hansen had injected his body with Extremis. Pain that rocketed through every corner of his body.
Tony sighed, brushing a hand over his face. The air in the ancient library was stale and dusty, and Tony glanced through the dimmed light to a vault door where he guessed the Eye was hanging in the middle of the adjacent room.
, after all. “Don’t try to sweet talk me. I may love you but that doesn’t mean you can just get away with insulting my board of directors.”
“I had wondered what had happened to you,” Steve admitted. “It’s been a while since I heard anything about you. Maria said you were recruited by the CIA?”
Tony was mesmerized by how right all of this felt, and he wanted to give Steve back just a sliver of the pleasure he’d already given him. Steve’s fingers were coaxing endless groans through Tony’s lips as his hips thrust forward over and over again.
The next minutes were a blur of motion. Phil’s team had trouble containing the last soldier, but with Fury’s help, they managed to restrain him.
Tony grinned. “No. Apart from charming the scientists I invited, I’ve been trying to talk to as many of my investors as possible.”
Steve shook his head and grinned, leaning in. They kissed deeply, and when he pulled back again, Tony’s cheeks were flushed, his chest rising and falling rapidly. One of his hands sneaked inside Steve’s sleeping shorts and was curved around his erection a moment later, idly stroking from base to tip. Then, Tony turned around, reaching for the nightstand, opening the lube as he turned himself sideways.
Without hesitation, Tony took the Eye in hand, and twisted it the way Strange had shown him. Nothing happened, and Tony frowned as the room around him turned suddenly bright green. “Was that supposed to happen?” he asked, but when he looked at Strange for an answer, he saw lights coming right at him.
Had he known of Jarvis? Tony had told him so many things about Stark Mansion, but for the life of him, he could barely recall his own name at the moment.
On the battlefield, regulations were crucial. They could mean the difference between life and death. There were some rules that had to be followed. Rules written in the blood of lost brothers in arms. Some rules could be bent, but never fully overlooked. Only
“Hmm,” Tony hummed, leaning in. “It’s a good one, too.” He slumped against the stretch of Steve’s body, still and almost entirely silent save for the sound of his ragged breathing.
“That was the exact moment when I realized I had fallen in love with you,” Steve explained softly. “Until that point I’d been telling myself that it was just a little crush, that I… that I just had some sort of weird fixation, but… at that moment, I realized that these feelings were the real deal. And I knew I’d do everything to get a chance with you.”
At that, Barnes turned back around and scowled at him. “Nat said it’s easier to give up than try to argue with you.”
no preparing for what would happen once Steve’s flashbacks were gone. Better to get his mind on a different track altogether. Tony whistled a long sigh. For now, Steve wanted him, so he would simply have to make the most of the time they had.
Of course, Steve had been strangely immune to Tony’s charm, never confessing his deepest desires, not succumbing to Tony’s many propositions in the slightest.
“Traitor!” Tony called after him and rolled onto his stomach. He eyed the alarm clock on Steve’s night stand, groaning when he realized it wasn’t even 7 o’clock yet. There should be
So Steve took a long and calming breath, and instead of yelling at Tony again, he simply said, “Help me make dinner, Tony. Please.”
“How long can you stay?” he asked. A glance down to his watch confirmed that they didn’t have a lot of time left before he needed to shut down the jammer or risk the alarms going off.
Tony hadn’t even opened his eyes, and the room was already spinning. One of those fast spins that made him claw for balance even before he was fully conscious.
Steve’s head snapped upward at that, and he stared at him. Instantly, the tension in his body seemed to dissipate. He sat up, throwing the card to the floor, and before Tony could say anything to that, he had him crushed against his firm chest. “
“What do you mean, ‘we’? That’s all on Wilson and Barnes. The two together are a certified disaster whenever they’re up here.”
Steve had only shrugged, and sat down in the reading chair. It was crazy and there was nothing he could say that’d make Tony feel better.
“I’m okay. I really am,” Tony countered, tapping on the wound as if to prove himself, and drew Steve back in. His fingers were tunneling through Steve’s hair with reverence that made him quiver. With a tender smile, Tony cupped his cheek and guided Steve’s mouth to his. The kiss that followed was soft leisured intimacy. Unhurried nibbles that promised a world for tomorrow. On a second note, Steve tugged Tony close and kissed him thoroughly, his defenses melting at the perfect feel of Tony’s lips against his.
“Any tips on what works for you?” Steve’s cheeks flamed as soon as the words left his mouth. He hadn’t meant for it to sound so suggestive, but somehow, it had. “I mean… I’m not here to…”
Despite being draped over him, it felt like Tony was miles away, and Steve felt a sour tightness in his belly. He took a short breath and closed his eyes. "I see," he said, ignoring the sharpness of his own tone.
“Was,” Tony agreed with a wide grin. “Got wasted in some weird pub down the street. Rhodey’s saaad… and ‘s with Car now.” He leaned closer, as if sharing a secret, and said, while he was simultaneously breaking into giggles, “they’re bangin’.”
Natasha grinned. “You know me too well.” And with a more serious look, she added, “And when you wake up… try and see past tomorrow for once.”
The denim of Steve’s jeans scraped against his ass and Tony pressed back against it. “There’s more where that came from. Come on, get the lube already.”
Maybe it was a destiny they’d both formed, at the end of the day, it didn’t matter. All that mattered was having Tony near now, his fingers entwined with Steve’s, and the little dream they’d dreamed had finally become reality.
Steve grinned and shook his head. “You took up the pamphlet. Your idea. Come on, don’t be scared, I’ll protect you.”
Natasha sighed. “He could’ve shown you the truth a Million times, Steve. And the fact that he didn’t only shows how scared he was.”
There was a loud thunder in the distance, making them both jump a bit. The rain was really only a soft drizzle, but far away, Steve could see dark clouds hanging in the sky.
Steve held out the other hand, waiting patiently until Tony passed him the still half-full tumbler. His eyes were calm and betrayed nothing. He was simply studying him. “More?” he asked after Tony had finished.
. You need sleep to function properly.” Watching the smaller man down the cup of dark caffeinated death he’d made, he heard him moan with appreciation. Shifting on his feet, he crossed his arms over his chest and tried to look stern even as his dick gave a twitch of interest at the sound.
The first thing he wondered about, of course, was who the hell had sent this to him. The second was how anyone would have known how down in the dumps he was. The only one who knew would have been Pepper and she would never have sent an anonymous package, even if a ‘feel better’ gift from directly from her would have just been cruel.
Since he’d gotten here he’d ignored all the calls and messages Steve had sent him. It wasn’t even that difficult with how few there had been. Even when Tony was doing official business around or outside the tower they had kept in contact by text. An awful lot of texts actually. Sometimes it was just random pictures of things sent to him that Steve found particularly cute or amusing. Yet there were a scarce amount delivered to him now.
“No, that face is the reason they make you wear makeup in interviews.” Clint cackled to himself and Steve looks like he wanted to say something but he kept quiet. Typical when he was around Tony. He was the only one who hadn't started up his conversation again after he entered the room. Natasha had gone back to talking to Bruce but Thor now lost his conversation partner. He looked a bit put out.
He zeroed in on that and stared until the tip of a pink tongue darted out to wet lips, then he moved his gaze to azure eyes. What Tony could only call a whine escaped the other man and before he knew it they were all over each other. They hadn’t slept together that day but they came close, only Bruce’s arrival stopping it. Though they did fall into bed just two days later.
While not actually prepared for Steve to bring up the date he heard him making, Tony didn’t let it trip him up this time. Turning his head, he called back to the solider as he bordered the elevator. “You don’t need to tell me every little thing you do, Capsicle. Our plans weren’t concrete.”
Bruce was apparently getting bored with the conversation too, interrupting before Clint could answer. “No, it's one of the gifts Steve likes to give out when we get hurt in the field. This is Clint's first time getting in hurt in a while thanks to you always saving him. He's like a kid displaying a sticker from the teacher.” Clint look like he was offended by the comparison but Tony couldn't even laugh at that. All his Focus was on the figurine. The exact same figurine his secret 3admirer had given him. The same one that Steve apparently liked to give out as trophies.
Steve who he already loved. He supposed he could admit that now in his own head where no one else could be privy to it. Tony had loved Captain America before Howard had twisted those feelings and he had fallen for Steve after he met him. He was the most sincere person Tony knew after all. That was probably all fake too. He’d never be able to tell anymore. He hated the man now more than he ever had before he met him. Humiliation ran through him at the thought that Steve had seen him carrying around that first gift attached to his belt. He would have even seen the neat row of the Avenger figurines on the shelf behind him.
After all was said and done Tony had made his way back to the penthouse, sterling clear of his petal covered bedroom. He went so far as to actually lock the door, not wanting to think about the disaster tonight had been ever again if possible. By the time he woke up after finally getting to sleep with much tossing and turning, he had gone twelve hours without an attack. It wasn’t much but compared to the day before it was something. From that point on he began to avoid Steve as much as possible while trying to maintain as if everything was fine. To do so he occasionally had to show his face in front of the other man and act like he was fine.
Before Steve that amount of time hadn’t been a problem for Tony but apparently his body had been conditioned to more frequent schedule of getting off. By day five he’d begun to pop a semi at the strangest of things. It was like he was a teenager again and he didn’t like it one bit, not when he was feeling so down about the end of their pseudo relationship. God, he felt so terribly needy. Maybe that’s why Steve had poked his nose back in Sharon’s direction.
Before he knew it he was being flipped over and their erections were ground together as Steve chased his lips, freeing a hand from his hips to steal the lube from him. Without the steel hand keeping his leg in place, he moved it to the side, letting Steve fall into the open space it created. Normally they were more patient than this during their first round but it had been a full week since the last time they did this.
Prepping might not be his favorite part might it very might have well been Steve’s. Watching Tony’s reactions while he wasn’t distracted by his own euphoria had to be one of the most exciting things in the world. It gave him a feeling of the most primal masculine pride that he’d ever felt, which he would never be able to tell the brunet about if he wanted to live. Tony always got a little touchy about his reactions in bed.
Nothing went boom. He might as well open it then. Grabbing the chopsticks from an old takeout box that was sitting on the coffee table, he started to use them to get the box open. He really should restart his clean up service. He’d been particularly bad about cleaning since he got here. He just couldn’t get the motivation to do it, to do anything really.
With a groan, he pressed into Tony harder, shuddering as his release overcame him. Even as his hips surged forward in little aftershocks of pure pleasure, a hand ran down his sweaty back to comfort him through it. Looking down through the haze of afterglow, Steve could see that Tony had finally gained full hardness. One sharp whine escaped him as he shuffled his hips into a more pleasurable position before he began to move again, his refractory period down to nothing with such a beautiful sight in front of him.
“Your infection appears to be particularly debilitating…I must also mention, Sir that without treatment the disease is deadly. At the rate you appear to be progressing this is a real concern. Should I call Dr. Banner?” Honestly, Tony did not want that at all. In fact he tried to wave JARVIS off that thought as he coughed, but instead of interpreting his gesture as anyone else would the traitor took it as a go ahead. “Okay, Sir. Alerting Dr. Banner now.” He didn’t even have the energy to glare angrily at the ceiling.
The only other thing was Tony pleading Bruce to cut the godforsaken plant out of his fucking body. Of course they had argued about it, but in the end they had settled on the fact that this was Tony’s decision no matter what Bruce thought about it. This came at the heels of the realization of just who his friend was actually in love with when he had been pleaded to ‘please god don’t tell Steve’ above anyone else. The boxers sort of helped with this theory even if Tony was known to own a lot of ridiculous Avenger’s merchandise. Doctor patient privilege had also been discussed which he thought was a low blow even if he technically didn’t really work under a legal practice where his medical license was a thing to be protected.
Shelf in his workshop and continued on with his mood brightened. Yet the letters kept coming. They weren't much and they didn't always have a gift but it happened often enough that his shelf now had each of the Avengers likeness on it. If it didn't have a figurine attached then it usually had a movie with it. His favorite was The Iron Giant.
He would have had time to collect all the little things of Steve’s that had migrated to his room over the past couple months. Like the second toothbrush sitting right by his own, the straight razor in his medicine cabinet, and a few articles of clothing that had filtered in. All the signs of a budding relationship, or, he supposed, a frequent booty call.
The AI responded as quickly as he ever did, and yes, no one could tell him that JARVIS was not a ‘he,’ thank you very much. “Sir has a full schedule today and a flight to Shanghai scheduled to take off at six tonight, as I have been trying to remind him of all night.”
Tony had been in his lab less than five minutes when his AI spoke to him. “I have your results, Boss.” Dismissing FRIDAY and avoiding the answer was tempting, far too tempting, but he couldn't. He wouldn't be able to face Steve without knowing and putting it off wouldn't help. If he was right he'd need time to process it. It wasn't like the figurines were truly unique. Both Steve and his secret admirer could have bought them. It didn't have to mean they were same person.
. He was not about that life. One day he had even pulled a Clint and shot himself down a laundry shoot during a coughing fit as Steve followed him so that he wouldn’t be discovered. It was a difficult secret to keep when every time he saw the super solider he began to think about Sharon too.
Wrapping his arms around the other man’s shoulders, he lifted his legs and pushed them against the counter to entice Steve into giving him more space to hop onto the surface. Instead of backing up or even leaving his neck, he was lifted up and set on top. Not being the first time he had been picked up so effortlessly by Steve, he just ignored it and spread his legs to give space for the soldier’s hips. “That’s good. Bedroom?”
“I’ll be going now. Goodnight, Tony.” The last was said quietly right before the door to his bedroom shut with painful closure. Steve stood outside the door for a second before he started to walk quickly towards the elevator, trying to hold his tears back behind his stone face. He didn’t know what had happened. They’d been doing well, at least he thought so. He’d been careful about not pressing for too much too soon. Apparently he hadn’t been careful enough. Had Tony realized how he felt when he saw him again when he got back from the business trip. Steve
Standing over him, Bruce could only look down at the wild imagery below him. The petals were a shade of blue that felt oddly familiar and their ends were red, soaked in blood. Curled up on top of the pile of petals was Tony, who wore only boxers with Steve’s shield printed on the ass. His lips were dusted in red from where the petals came out of his mouth. He looked truly exhausted. “Tony, what’s going on?”
He had just enough time to mask his expression before Steve turned from the view overlooking Manhattan and finally noticed him. The grin that lit up the blonde’s face made his sinking heart shrivel up the rest of the way. Couldn’t he at least look a little guilty at getting caught? Really, what had happened to sweet Mr. Apple Pie, monogamy and the American way?
Then expression eventually turned thunderous. He sat there for a while as Sharon tried to comfort him until he got up the courage, and angry, to go confront Tony. He stood quickly and marched towards the elevator. Since Tony had begun to avoid him he had noticed that JARVIS couldn’t tell him where Tony was if he asked in a general sense, but would answer if he asked about specific locations. Once he boarded the elevator he asked the AI, “Is Tony in the workshop, JARVIS?” There was a beat of silence where Tony informed the computerized butler to lie about his whereabouts when asked what to say.
“The only thing I was able to find that explains your symptoms was an illness called the Hanahaki Disease. An infected individual will cough of petals when they find themselves in an unrequited love situation. It is rare, only affecting highly sensitive people, and has not been diagnosed since right before the 1950s. The last known case was in Germany.”
“Boss, a package has arrived for you. It has been placed near your front door. It was delivered by a USPS worker. His identity was verified. A scan of the package has picked up no suspicious materials.”
Reading over the latest letter made him want to find out who it was even more. If he became entangled with his secret admirer then he would be able to get over his lust for Steve Rogers. At least he'd be able to suppress it like when he was with Pepper because it was only lust. Nothing else. Steve was far too aggravating for anything else. He didn't care at all that the man with a stick up his butt only didn't talk to him while spending time with the rest of the team. Didn't matter.
Honestly, he’d thought they had something good. Something lasting even. It was a little unexpected, that’s all. He wouldn’t have put up any fuss if he could just have had some time to prepare for the end. It was always a bit easier if he saw it coming. Then he could have been the one to tell Steve things weren’t working out. Clean break from his end, like normal.
Apparently he also wanted to make it difficult for Tony, dropping his complete body weight on him and rutting on top of him to create more friction against the brunet’s dick. The surprise was enough to have him loosening his grip and his balls took the opportunity to release their load all over sweaty super solider abs. “I didn’t say you could touch yourself.” Steve planted a kiss on his neck. “Or that you could cum.” It was breathy and said straight into Tony’s ear. “I’ll have to punish you. Color?”
Groaning and rolling over onto his side, Tony pulled a pillow over his head. “Was this really necessary, Fri? I was sleeping.”
“Yeah, Cap. Sure am.” The two were still smiling at one another when the elevator made its stop at Tony’s office floor. Pepper went back to looking at her papers as she disembarked and he followed after her, unsure why Steve was acting so friendly. He was still thinking about the run in with the super solider when they made it safely within his office walls.
Leaning back into the couch he lifted up the figurine into the light and admired it. It really was very cute. The gift was very simple but it really had made his day. It seemed to give birth to a new spark of energy in him. He wasn't over pepper just like that, he didn't think he ever would be, but it helped make him see that the relationship hadn't been everything. People still cared about him, he was still Iron Man, and he had a company to run an avenging to do.
He knew Tony probably not have let the elevator open for him on the workshop’s floor so he had taken the stairs there instead. Once he was on the floor he went right up to the blacked out doors to the shop and knocked. “JARVIS, please tell Tony that either he lets me in or I break the door down.” He had expected more of a protest, but the doors slid open easily the moment after that. He walked into the workshop and there was Tony, leaning over his workspace and looking him straight in the eyes. Looking at him closely, he noticed that his legs were sticking out a bit, something blocking them from being fully hidden underneath the desk. He could just see the edge of a trashcan. “Tony, do you I’m seeing Sharon?” That was all it took. Tony’s throat jerked weirdly but he refused to open his mouth. Rushing over to him he pulled out the trashcan from under the desk and pushed it to the other man’s chest. It was already half full of flower petals.
“Yeah, I’m coming up.” Tony watched him smile slowly as he went about closing the holograms open on his workstation. He really shouldn’t be doing this, not when it meant more to him than it did to Steve. He would just have to control it then if he wasn’t going to give it up. There were things he could do to prevent an unwanted attachment from lingering too much. With that in mind, he followed the super solider up to his room, what he had once considered their shared space for the most part.
Biting his lip until he felt pain, Tony turned his head to the side, trying to chase the thought away. Steve didn’t seem to notice, as invested as warming the lube between his fingers as he was while making hickey’s along Tony’s shoulder. He felt the tip of a wet finger tease his rim, but he grabbed the hand before it could go further. “Cage?” This had Steve pausing but not for very long, his blonde head shook before bringing his attention back to the hole in front of him.
Turning his face away and into the petals, he felt blood get wiped on his cheeks, as he heard JARVIS explain to Bruce what was going on. Fortunately, he left out exactly who Tony had found himself in love with. This, sadly, was what Bruce really wanted to know. He first solution was very non-medically in wanting Tony to tell whoever it was how he felt so that he could get an actually estimate of their feelings. He didn’t have the heart to tell his friend that his would be lover was actually currently dating someone else non-exclusively. That would put a dapper on all those ‘they probably love you too, Tony’s that were coming out of the other scientist.
That had been the first letter and it had gotten him out of his funk enough for him to go back to New York. He hadn't actually given it much thought after that. It was just a simple thing after all, even if it had helped him a lot. There was no way he could have thought it would become a recurring thing. Except it did, very much so.
After going upstairs once he put the letter down he found himself in such a predicament again. The team was making their individual sandwiches for lunch when he walked in. The ingredients for spread across the table and they were having a jolly old time but they stopped talking when they saw him. It really was only quiet for a minute though. Clint could never stay silent for long.
“…Yeah, I can do that.” Steve collected his clothes slowly after that, feeling like it had been a dismissal more and more as he wasn’t stopped. Tony never even opened his eyes even though he was obviously awake. “Is there anything else that is taking up too much room? I’m sorry if there is.” It was quiet for a bit and Steve hoped that at minute Tony would say ‘no’ and tell him to get back into bed. Instead, he nodded with his eyes closed.
Before Tony could reply he felt a wave of nausea hit him and he rolled back onto his side, only to have more petals spill from his lips. When it was over he turned glazed eyes up to the ceiling and barely got out, “Cure?” All he could really think about was the fact that motherfucking Steve Rogers had infected him with a forties era illness that must have been unearthed with him. This was the worst STD ever. He’d have to kill him for this that was certain. His next thought was that he could never let him find out.
Clint and Tony continued to rib each other over their meal while Steve looked on. Eventually Thor finished his meal and asked the super soldier to join him in a spar. It almost looked like he was going to tell the Asgardian no but he accepted. They left and Natasha join them soon after looking like she plan to watch them duke it out. Bruce was still enjoying his yogurt when Clint reach down and picked up something by his foot. “Look what I got!”
The second time he got a letter it seems like he was surrounded by a dark cloud for days. Nothing seemed to be going his way and he had sunk so far down into his head that he was thinking about Ty and then Sunset. It was like all he could think about was this film of horrible memories going through his head over and over again. He was just glad it decided to skip Afghanistan. That was for his nightmares.
It was said against his neck, the breath ghosting over his skin, before lips started to kiss a line down it. “Sh-Shanghai was fine.” His mind was going crazy with possibilities even as he moved his head to the side to give the other man better access to his neck. Did he hear the phone call wrong? Maybe Steve had tried it with Sharon again but it didn’t work out? All he really knew was that he was still wanted. Thank god.
Steve was also the one he saw the most concerned from. It was obvious in his face. He was probably worried it would affect Tony's work as Iron Man. He made sure it never did though. In the field Iron Man was perfect. If he wasn't Clint would probably hit the sidewalk one day. Missions were the one thing that always seem to go well even if they were sometimes messy.
Yeah, so maybe they had never talked exclusivity and it was really more of a friends with benefits arrangement, but…shouldn’t he have gotten some notice before it ended? All Steve would have had to tell him was that he was thinking about getting back together with Sharon. Tony would have been okay with that, would have ended it without any fuss. He was cool like that, good at hiding the hurt. It was just that this one hurt a little more.
When his fingers wrapped around the thick wrist, he looked down at it captured in his hand. It wasn’t like they hadn’t causally touched before. He was actually a very touchy feely guy after all. It just felt different, knowing what he did and all. Looking up at the taller man, he let go and ran his fingertips lightly down his arm. Steve’s lips parted slightly at the unexpected contact.
Steve didn’t drop him or fall down into the sheets with him, instead he lowered Tony into it, not yet willing to give up the kiss. When his ass finally touched down onto the duvet, he backed his head up with a gasp. Immediately the blonde was pulling off his own shirt and then pulling at his belt to tear it off. Getting the picture, he followed his example and started to rip off his own clothes, glad he’d been barefoot.
Usually, if members of the team stayed too long in the tower, Steve would take the chance to at least visit the penthouse for a few hours. The man had an outrageously strong sex drive and cutting corners on it didn’t seem to work for him. He’d only left Tony alone for, at max, three days in a row. By the fourth night he’d always gotten a visit from the super soldier. What if Sharon had been helping him with it and that’s why he hadn’t come?
Before he could say anything, Steve walked forward, right towards him, with a growing smile on his face. “How was Shanghai?” He didn’t even get a chance to answer. The only warning being Steve’s approach, he was suddenly pressed up against the counter. The edge of it hit into the small of his back as he was loomed over, their bodies pressed together. “I missed you, Tony.”
He was still standing over the broken figurines when the door to his lab swished open and Steve walked in. “Tony?” It took a second for the blonde man to see the mess on the floor. “Tony, are you okay?!” He rushed towards the other man, but the genius threw up his arm when Steve touched him to brush it off. He didn’t turn to look at him but he could hear the super soldier shuffle a few steps back. “Tony?”
His awkward exit didn't seem to surprise them all that much. They just continued on after a short glance his way. Bruce seemed the most concerned out of the two of them but he didn't seem to put much weight into his suspicions. Tony was rather impatient to get the information so once he made it onto the elevators with the door shut, he asked FRIDAY to hack SHIELD and compare Steve's paperwork to his secret admirers notes. “Do it quick, Fri.”
Sunset wanted him for his money, Ty wanted him for his fame, and Steve wanted to make him think he wanted him so Iron Man would keep his head in the game. Pepper hadn’t wanted him at all because of Iron Man. What irony. At of all of them what Steve had done hurt the worst because while Ty and Sunset had wanted him for things they could get from him they had at least still wanted him. In those relationships he at least got something out of it, even if the affection had been fake the sex wasn’t. Steve surely hadn’t been prepared to give him that to keep him happy, with all the anonymity after all.
From there they’d moved on to daytime acknowledgement of the other and eventually to eating their meals together when Tony slinked out of the workshop for sustenance. Now that he thought about it that was really the only place he never saw Steve. Any time he left it he always ended up in the blonde’s presence. Now he knew why he’d kept being drawn to him. This was bad.
The minute the door shut behind Steve, Tony had curled up into a ball. The pain in his chest was worse than it had ever been before. He held his hand against his sternum, realizing that it didn’t feel like heartbreak like he had thought or even like it was his heart malfunctioning. It felt closer to his lungs, as if something was trying to get out. At that thought, without any warning, he started to cough again and this time something did come out of his mouth.
The AI took his orders one step further since he had been told he could lie. “Yes, he is there, Captain Rogers.” Steve nodded, trying to come up with what he would say to the shorter man when he saw him. The elevator doors opened to the penthouse, not having had to tell JARVIS of his intentions. He walked into the living area and didn’t see Tony anywhere. Thinking he must be in his room he headed there where he found the door locked.
Steve wouldn’t cheat though so maybe he wasn’t exclusive with Sharon yet and Tony was as easy a lay as any. Truly, ridiculously, easy. Steve must have done it with her yesterday too, not just with him. That would explain why he hadn’t gone as long as he usually did. Sharon had kept him satisfied while he was gone. Another thought, treacherously, made its way into his mind. If they weren’t exclusive yet then maybe Tony had a chance to get Steve back or maybe he was even overreacting. They could just be hanging out like friends. “What are they doing, J?”
Those simple words were enough to have Tony exploding. “I know? Yeah, I fucking know, Steve! I know you have been sending me these fucking letters—packages!” He threw his hand out, gesturing to his desk that contained the letters that he had kept. His voice calmed a little as he went on. “I know you have been messing with me. You gave the others gift too, but you didn’t fuck with them. Why did you with me?! What’s with all this anonymity when everyone else knew who their gifts were from? Why me, Rogers?”
They had just gotten back from one of those messy ones, where Tony had to put the Iron Man suit through decontamination, when he found the second letter. Another Amazon box was laying on his workbench with his other priority mail. He didn't even get the chance to ask Friday why it was there. She answered the question before he could voice it. “You seemed to enjoy it so much last time Boss that I thought it could help now too. It appears to be from the same sender as of the first.”
“That’s right, Steve. Come on Stud, take what you need.” It always amazed him how willing Tony was to let him achieve his first orgasm as quickly as he always did. Not once had he ever come before Steve in all their times together. At first it had made him feel inadequate but Tony had explained to him that he could never just cum as quickly or as often as Steve did. After he came once the show was all but over for him and he wanted it to go longer than passed just one orgasm if his partner was capable of that and Steve was very capable.
During Tony’s rant Steve seemed to get paler and paler. He hadn’t thought that was possible with his Irish complexion. Before he could dodge the hold Steve had his hands gripping his shoulders. “Tony, you can’t believe I would—that I would lie about anything of the stuff in those letters? It was all true! You’re brilliant beyond belief and so gorgeous. Iron man is too of course!” The grip on his shoulders only tightened as Steve’s distress grew. There’d definitely be bruises. “It was easy to give gifts to the others because—because I didn’t love them like you, Tony. I know you don’t feel the same.” The grip finally loosened until it disappeared altogether.
It was over fairly quickly but to him it felt like forever. He sagged back into the bed, eyes fluttering like crazy as he tried to keep them open. He’d been unable to breathe for so long that he thought if it had gone on for any longer he would have passed out. “Wh-what happened, J?” His throat felt raw but he had to ask, he knew he had swallowed any of that.
It wasn’t long before the fingers in his ass were removed to make room for Steve’s cock and this is where things got interesting for Tony. While the super solider always did his best to make prepping him pleasurable, he had always preferred the real thing to fingers. Steve was just so large that he couldn’t help but hit his prostate on every thrust and the drawn out friction was the best. With this in mind he couldn’t help but spread his legs lustfully as he lifted his ass to urge Steve on. He didn’t have to wait long.
Steve had finally given up on slow and methodical, pressing forward eagerly to finally be encased in Tony’s wet, warm, velvety heat. He ignored his quiet whine of pain from the initial penetration as Tony had always insisted he do. “
At that the coffee pot sang its tune of bliss and Tony hastily poured himself a cup hoping caffeine might prove what he heard earlier to be a withdrawal induced delusion. “Trying implies that you didn’t succeed, J. You reminded me fine. I just didn’t care.”
Scrubbing himself clean, he considered his options instead of giving in to the urge to ask too soon. He avoided the water hitting his face, as he always did, and stepped out from his shower quicker than he had in years when he wasn’t in a hurry. A towel was pressed against his face when he decided to speech, almost hoping JARVIS wouldn’t hear him. “I asked where Steve is, J.” It was quiet for only a moment before the British voice came over the speakers.
There didn’t seem to be any time between his AI saying that and when his bedroom door burst open to show a sleep ruffled Bruce rushing into his room. That may have been because he had started coughing up petals soon after he’d laid back down again. “Tony!” Bruce appeared at his side to pat his back as if that would help with this mystical flower shit. This didn’t feel real. How on earth was this disease real? “Breath through your nose. Yes, like that. That’s good.”
Just as he thought, he found a note on the bed when he stretched out on it. It was simple and to the point. Starting the day, gone for a run. Unlike Tony, Steve couldn’t stand to spend the day lounging around and was incapable of waiting around for him to wake up before beginning his day. Looking over at the clock, he noticed that it now read ten, earlier than normal for him on a day nothing was scheduled but no way near early for Steve. “JARVIS, where’d he wander off to?”
“Pepper will eat you alive if she catches you. Which I’m sure she will.” Before he could escape all the way, Steve’s voice carried to his ears. “You forgot about Shanghai, didn’t you? It’s good you’re going though. I, uh, have some stuff I just promised to do with Sharon. I’d have needed to cancel our plan to test the prototypes like we talked about.”
It had been a full week of this avoidance while Tony waited on Bruce to gain the knowhow on the necessary surgery to fix him up. The needed equipment had arrived by the third day but Bruce was still studying, locking down the process. Tony felt like he was stalling, hoping that Steve would somehow out stubborn him into talking about
It was as he laid his eyes on the blonde, who was leaned forward, focused expression on, that the realization hit Tony hard. God, he loved the guy. He stumbled as the thought settled in his mind nice and deep. This was a surprise. Of course they’d been spending a fair amount of time with one another as they ran into each other wandering the halls at night. Neither was that great at sleeping throughout the night which resulted in a lot of companionable movie watching.
Once his pants were off, he turned over and crawled up the bed to dig into the nightstand where they kept the lube. He’d only just managed to grab it when he felt hands surround his hips, slowly dragging him back down the bed and up against Steve’s hard cock. It never ceased to surprise him how fast the blonde managed to get aroused. It…took more for Tony to get to that point even when he was really feeling it.
He wondered if he could even refer to his mysterious letter sender as his secret admirer anymore. It felt fake now that he had his suspicions of Steve. He hoped he was wrong. It would hurt too much if he wasn't. Tony had invested far too much of his feelings into those letters, that was now obvious. Hopefully it would take FRIDAY while before she came back with her answer. That is what he wished but he'd made his AI far too powerful for it not to be as quick as he requested.
Tony had been doing one of his ‘see Steve and then run away’ proof of life walks into the common room when he spotted the couple. Their heads were bent together as the talked, looking serious. Sharon turned her head when she heard him enter, not giving him a chance to run away, and then glared at him when she realized who it was. Her hands were on top of Steve’s over the table. He could feel the petals start to move up his throat. Turning swiftly, he went back into the elevator he had just exited. Behind him, Steve looked crushed.
Steve seemed bewildered by it all. Every time he tried to take Tony aside to talk to him, desperate to discuss what had become of ‘them,’ he’d been thawed. He couldn’t believe that it had ended so suddenly and that his friend of years was being so cold to him. He knew that his feelings might not be returned on the same level but they had been friends for goodness sake. This wasn’t how friends treated each other. His body would start to feel suspiciously ice cold when he thought about going back to how things had been before he’d made friends with Tony. Sure they’d argued a ton but that had cared about one another.
At Tony’s nod, a hand ran down his back and then pressed into it to push him flush against a hard body. In one move his hips were hoisted up to sit at the V of Steve’s waist and he was pulled off the counter, kept in place with one arm. A shudder went through his body and he attacked the lips that had left his neck, mashing their mouths together in a graceless dance. He was still sucking on his tongue, mimicking the blow job he ever much wanted to give him, when they hit the end of the bed.
The thing was that the letters always helped. When he was depressed they seemed to give him the energy he needed to get out and do something. The times he locked himself in his Workshop to design they reminded him to eat and that sleep was a necessary thing. He realize that maybe he was putting a lot more of his happiness’ stake in these letters than he should. It was just that this person seem to care about him in a way that he missed.
Brown eyes darting to the blonde and back to the coffee pot that was slowly filling up, he finally looked at the time spanned across it. Huh. It
Steve had caught sight of Tony as he came to an abrupt stop in the middle of the room. “Tony? Are you okay?” When he didn’t answer, lost in his worry, the other man stood and wandered over to him. “Hey, you in there?” A hand was waved in front of his face, breaking him out of his thoughts and his own hand flinched out to grab at it.
There was another gasp from the blonde as Tony’s prostate was hit dead-on by the pulsating cock before it dove into him further to be completely surrounded by his heat. The kiss that followed was wet and sloppy with how slack jawed Steve got during orgasm. It didn’t seem to matter to the other man though, always one to attempt a kiss while cumming into him. With the jack rabbiting hips and messy kiss, Tony was forced to grab the base of his cock tightly to prevent himself from orgasming. Steve apparently wasn’t too far gone not to notice this, smiling down at the blushing man he was inside of.
“I’ll sleep in the meetings. Pepper won’t mind.” With that Tony abandoned the empty cup on the counter and went to leave the kitchen to go get dressed for his boring meetings that he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on. He wouldn’t be getting any sleep even if he wanted to, not with this new information buzzing around his brain.
God, just imagining his reaction if Tony had gone through with it was painful. Surely even a guy from the forties would have realized what the ‘I Got You a Drawer’ phrase signified. The humiliation burned up through his throat and he hadn’t even said anything to him about it. He would never have been able to handle the ‘it’s not you it’s me’ talk. Worse, Steve probably really would have been
It had been half a year since the first letter but only a few months since he actually started to consciously care about who the sender was. They had to be close to him and that meant he could find them. Find them and...start a relationship? Was that his end goal here? He supposed it was in a way. He wanted to get to know them and hoped they would still want to be around him when they got to know him. With how the gift showed up at optimal timing they probably already knew him better than most people in the public did. They knew he was moody and subjectable to long binges in his workshop without coming up for air. Plus, unlike Pepper, they appear to be okay with him being Iron Man. That was a plus.
“A secret admirer is only flattering until you know who it is when you don’t want them.” Slowly, Steve’s eyes went down to the broken figurines at their feet, staring at them like they proved a point. Eventually, he turned his attention back to Tony’s gaping face. “I love you and I’m sorry I tricked you. Honesty would have been better.” With one more glance at his broken gifts, he turned to leave the workshop. This is what sprang Tony into action.
He had expected a kiss to accompany it but was sorely disappointed when Steve didn’t lunge down from his knees to get it. He also expected there to be at least two more orgasms before the other man was through with him, especially having gone through a week long dry spell. It didn’t come either though. Instead his hips were gently set down as Steve removed his length from him, cum spilling down his legs as he did. Everything was sore but he was expecting more and he felt the disappointment rage through him harder when he didn’t get it.
All he wanted was a cup of coffee. Okay, and maybe to see Steve, but the coffee had been priority one. Caffeine from the kitchen’s machine just tasted better, alright? Now…now it felt like he’d choke on anything he tried to force down his throat. He should have stayed in the workshop, then he’d never have heard it.
!” A hand came up sluggishly and petted at his hair, before pulling him down to eager lips. He felt legs wrap around his hips before they became to pistol into the man below him.
This was the same Steve who would have been able to notice when he broke up with Pepper and when he spent long days in the workshop. The same Steve who never really spoke to him. The leader of the Avengers who had to make sure all the team was in fighting shape mentally. Tony's heart felt like it plummeted to the depth of his stomach. Was it Steve who were sending him these things? Was he sending them to trick Tony into feeling better? If it was him it couldn't be because he really likes him. Steve had only ever argued with Tony, he didn't try to be friendly.
How would even be able to find out if it was Steve's though? The simple solution came to him then. He could ask FRIDAY to analyze Steve's handwriting. The notes were handwritten and he was sure SHIELD would have some written reports scanned onto their servers. He would ask her to do it as soon as he got down to his workshop. Interrupting Clint and Bruce's tit for tat he spoke up, “I'm going to go back down now. DUM-E needs a new strut.”
Tony thought it seemed like today wouldn’t be much better, having been awoken so rudely. He had received too many packages from his ‘fans’ before. They were almost always from the military trying to get him back into the weapons development business. His real fans tended to stick to letters.
Tony had a lot of time to think in Shanghai and he thought enough even when he didn’t have time. He just kept remembering that phone call. Steve had called the plans he set up with Sharon a ‘date’ before he hung up and had been speaking in a low intimate tone. Plus he’d sounded especially awkward while telling Tony about his plans with his ex-girlfriend. It all pointed to one thing, the first conclusion he had come to and hated. Now all he could think about was what would happen when he got back from his business trip.
“Of course that isn’t how it happens, Tony. It’s unexpected and it’s watching someone trying to be better every day. Trying to create a future they can be proud of. A safe one where heroes aren’t needed, even when it seems like it’s impossible. Why can’t you see how damn good you are, Tony? No matter what, you are always trying.” Pulling away from him slightly, he looked down into big brown eyes. “I fell in love with you because you were there for me every step of the way. Tony, you are my best friend. How couldn’t I love you?”
When it didn't have anything then it usually meant that he wasn't having a depressive moment but had instead buried himself in the workshop for days in a manic episode. The letters were usually about his well-being at that point. The person seemed very concerned with how much food he ate and how much sleep he got. Apparently they knew what he was like. He narrowed it down to being someone in the company that Pepper talk to.
Tony wiggled a little, giving off a rather choked breath when their middles met. “Yes. What about it?”
He kept looking at Steve for a few long moments, then moved to the side, offering him space. “You should sleep, too.”
The color was so faint at first Steve could barely see it, but it grew, expanding across the sky until it twisted and danced, shimmering like wisps of green smoke, the entire sky soon illuminated by its light, the stars beyond vanishing behind its beauty. The sight stole Steve’s breath away, his heart lodging in his throat as he looked on with wonder and more than a little awe.
There was nowhere to go. Not LUX and not even the high class night clubs that he and Natasha had frequented so often in the past years.
Undisturbed, Steve opened the package, pulling out some compresses and bottles with little hesitation. Tony knew he was fighting aggravation and a whole host of other emotions he was shielding from him. There was the sense of banked anger swirling under the surface just waiting for the match to set off the flaming inferno within him.
“Another no,” he said firmly. “That, you’re gonna have to take care of yourself. Just another step and… all right. You can open your eyes, now.”
Tony asked Natasha to politely inform Steve of their plan. He hadn’t seen him in person ever since their first meeting—he wasn’t strictly avoiding him, he just didn’t like the idea of spending too much time with this future version of Steve. A Steve Rogers who knew so much more about all of them—more about
As though sensing the thought, Tony’s mouth broke away just long enough for Steve to register the absence of his warmth. “It’s too late, isn’t it?” he asked. “Too late for us, too late for—”
Tony flinched in surprise, however, when Ant-Guy was suddenly right behind him. He shot a repulsor blast at him, but the guy ducked and it shot straight towards Clint instead. The beam pierced straight through the air, and hit Clint’s arm.
“No, Steve, I don’t care.” He shook his head and smiled gently. “It ruined me and I don’t care. Our dreams saved me.
“No, James is right,” Natasha said. “We can’t let them all leave. Better to focus on Steve, it’s important to find out what is going on. We’ll just have to see who we can get out with him.”
Tony completely froze, and Steve watched, admittedly a bit delighted, as he put two and two together. “MassArts,” he echoed, dazed. “As in… Massachusetts College of Art and Design?”
Finally, he felt himself reaching the edge and jumping off of it. Steve clenched around him once more, and maybe he even did it on purpose, Tony couldn’t really tell, but he was strangling him so goddamn good that Tony came hard just a second later. He held Steve to his body as he spilled inside of him, groaning into his shoulders with every tremor.
A wild fist flew toward Barnes’ face and the next second, Steve threw him off Tony. Barnes quickly tried to deflect and countered the move with a swipe at Steve’s legs, but Steve seized the opportunity to grip Barnes and haul him onto the next car.
On the next beat, the man jumped through the living room window and Steve’s shield crashed against a clawed hand. The man lunged and collided with him, and the force sent Steve flying back into a large bookshelf. He crashed through the glass front and landed rather painfully atop what looked like a bunch of dusty Golf Championship trophies. The cat man pressed down on him more, his claws already digging into Steve’s chest. Steve managed to kick him in the chest to stun him, grabbed one of the trophies, and rammed it onto his head.
Steve watched his closely controlled face, once more resisting the urge to put a hand on his shoulder.
Tony pointedly stared at the Null Time Sequencer, turning on the soldering iron in his hand. There was only one last adjustment he had to make, before everything was just as it was written in the Blueprint From The Future.
Barnes swallowed and brushed a hand through his brown hair. “Not sure I ever will. And I don’t want to pull him down with me.”
Steve walked right into the cockpit, sitting down in the co-pilot seat, looking right at home. He turned on the flight system and typed in Tony’s personal password as if he did it each and every time they flew together—which they’d never done before. Then, to top it all off, he started Tony’s music playlist and activated the shades, like Tony always did whenever he piloted the Quinjet.
Steve shivered, his reflection blurring once more. The number was steadily echoing in his mind. Not the seventy years—but the twenty. He had no idea how he’d be able to ever fall asleep again. What if he found himself back in that motel room?
He hadn’t dared to stay anywhere near Wakanda. Tony was too smart not to put two and two together. Well, if he hadn’t done so already, Steve mused. There was every chance that he had only decided to play the cat and mouse thing for the time being.
The harsh sound of Steve’s voice made Tony flinch slightly. He waited for him to go on, but when he didn’t, all Tony could do was close his eyes and give his next words a little more thought.
“It’ll be okay,” Tony ventured with a small snort, then leaned in to kiss Steve’s cheek once more. When he turned around he saw Bruce standing outside the room, raising a chart at him, face very serious.
The corners of Tony’s mouth drew into a smile. “That he will,” he said, turning to Steve. “Steve, this is Obadiah Stane. As I told you, he takes care of my business whenever I’m not around. I’m sure you two will make fast friends.”
He slapped a hand over his face, trying to turn around, but Rhodey had his arms around him before he could. He dragged him down on the ground and hugged him tight… and Tony found all strength leaving him, as he let himself be held by his best friend.
There was softness in her eyes that hadn’t been there before. “Нет,” she disagreed with a gentle tone. “Всё именно так, как и должно быть.”
“Take as long as you need, Steve,” Bruce was saying sympathetically. “Breathe. I know it’s a shock. I’ve been there. And I’ll wait. You just breathe.”
Tony chuckled and tugged Steve into his arms. “Breakfast it is,” he said, one of his hands slipping around Steve’s upper body and trailing downwards until he’d reached his lower back. He gave his ass a light squeeze, while simultaneously pressing a noisy kiss against his lips.
Steve groaned, half annoyance, half want. Tony leaned forward and the position made their kiss a little awkward and sloppy but fuck if he cared. His fingers resumed their movement, caressing the skin of Steve’s back, then his stomach, purposely ignoring Steve’s dick as he moved them back to his ass, fingering the stretched skin of Steve’s hole as he started to languidly slide in and out of him again. His pace was slow, now, but he gave each movement as much momentum as he could. He let his fingers trail up to Steve’s back and watched him curl into his touch like a cat.
Steve and Thor exchanged looks, then nodded. “Was a bit of a lark,” Thor admitted, his voice taking on that rare sarcastic undertone of his.
He opened the undersuit, then put his hand into the top, touching along Tony’s spine. Tony shivered slightly when Steve’s fingertips pressed against his skin.
He’d seen glimpses of Tony’s old self during their travels. Sometimes, when he’d woken up at night, he’d find Tony sitting at a desk, scribbling down formulas into his notebook or drawing patterns on his blueprints.
Hammer repeated, his brows arching to the sky. “Are you really asking me to explain myself? Good God, boy, it doesn’t matter
It would be all right, though. Well—it would probably hurt like a bitch, Thanos had proven as much when he’d stabbed him, but it would be all right in the end. He’d always known he would go down fighting at some point. His nature didn’t allow anything else.
“You’re a real asshole sometimes, you know that,” Barnes murmured, and dabbed at his nose again. Tony hissed and his hand closed down on his metal arm, capturing him in a tight hold that would have been painful were it anyone but Barnes.
“Okay?” Steve asked, staring down at him as he tried to get used to the tightness and the sheer heat around him.
God, he needed Tony to come home right now. He needed to talk to him about this—about those things Stane had said, which collided nicely with the ghosts already following Steve around. But more importantly: He wanted Tony to be
The room was completely dark. Tony’s head whipped around, his shoulders twisting so that he could see the room full-on. When he did, he froze. The HUD shifted to the windows, to the strip of the streetlights that sifted through the crack between the drapes. There was a man sitting on the chair at the end of the bedroom.
Tony exhaled a shaky breath himself. His hands rose, and after a moment of contemplation, he reached for Steve’s. “You can tell me anything,” he said, trying not to show how fast his heart was beating. “You just said it yourself. We trust each other.”
Steve gave a brief nod of the head as Tony spoke, letting go of the door to allow it to slide shut, and that was when it hit him. It felt like a punch to the chest. He staggered back against the wall of the elevator, but sensation was changing, and he soon couldn't tell where he was anymore.
“Make it two,” Maria said. “And look at your mails, for god’s sake. We’ll offer the Committee to make Barnes a member of the Avengers. If he’s under your roof, with your network of top lawyers at his back, he might actually have a shot.”
“I called Obi,” Tony said. “He helped me. That’s why I owe him everything—my life. While I sat in the boathouse, crying my eyes out, he put her body in the boat. It was a horrible night. Sea raging… the earth screamed around me. Then Obi cleaned up the mess in the boathouse and… I haven’t been back until the day I brought you down there.”
“Don’t.” Steve’s voice was so soft he could hardly hear him, and so hoarse he could barely understand. “Tony, you’re a lot of things, but—my
His eyes narrowed. “It looked as though you couldn’t decide whether to punch me, vomit on the carpet or laugh at me.”
” Tony cried, arching against the headboard with both hands pressed against its surface. One of Steve’s hands had somehow sneaked behind him, putting a bit of pressure against the already-stretched skin of Tony’s entrance.
Steve nodded. “Then start collecting and smoking food for winter. We shouldn’t start looking for civilization now. Might get caught without food or shelter. I’d camp out here until the weather gets warmer. Start looking then.”
So, this had the potential to end very bad, and he had no idea where to go from here if his worst suspicions really came true. He loved Steve like he never loved anyone in his life. It had taken him a while to even voice those words, but the feeling had been there from the start.
Tony drew in a breath and held it. The components of his brain that weren’t busy with scanning every bit of Steve’s skin he was laying bare at the moment were racing with Steve’s words. “Did you now,” he said with a husky tone. “Well, we definitely have to do something about that sometime…”
Waiting patiently by Tony's workstation, Steve stood, a little unsure what he could touch, so he went with 'nothing', for the time being. And when Tony exited the bathroom, he smiled at him.
was, obviously wasn’t some gangly nerd who liked to stare at screens, and mull over formulas and code lines on a daily basis.
They kept walking like nothing had happened, and as soon as they were around the next six or seven corners, the girl reached up, and stopped him. She traced the lines of his mouth with a gloved fingertip. The leather was rough, and her touch foreign.
Obi, just as Tony had predicted, already stood in the middle of the room, talking on his cellphone as he closely regarded the many blueprints lying around. DUM-E was slowly rolling back and forth on the floor next to him, his claw directed in the other direction, a clear picture of giving the cold shoulder—something he always did whenever Obi was around and it never stopped amusing Tony.
, Tony really had polluted his mind. A mind he could read all too well. The next thing Steve knew, Tony was grinning wildly and wagging his brows.
It was true, of course. Despite the fact that Steve had never truly acted on his feelings, he’d known for a while now. He loved Tony.
Steve wanted to answer, then pressed his mouth closed in a tight line. After a moment of contemplation, he said, “I’m not… sure I should tell you anything. As you said, I could mess up my timeline, couldn’t I? I know time travel is tricky business. I don’t want to alter my past in a way that could make our future vanish. I… I won’t risk that.”
“Steve…” Tony breathed, taking his face into his hands. “Steve… fuck, I love you, too, you hear me? I
He’d fallen asleep on the couch in his workshop, it seemed, feeling more exhausted than he’d felt in years.
His eyes flickered to the ring on his own hand. There weren’t many things in his life that held true value to him, but this was different. This was something Steve had given him, and something that meant they’d share their whole lives together.
“Let’s not find out, then,” he said determinately, brushing a kiss across Steve’s lips. He let one of his hands wander downwards, fingers tracing a path along Steve’s abdomen and eventually curling around his cock, relishing the harsh gasp that rode off Steve’s lips.
Steve glanced upward, tormented eyes glimmering with a few beads of hidden amusement. “Haven’t you ever heard of respecting your elders?”
It was well into the night, and Tony was sitting alone in his new workshop. Pepper had given him a short tour, but it was already way past working hours, so Tony had sent her home. A workshop was a workshop was a workshop, and though this one was distinctively fancier than Bruce’s lab at MIT, he could figure out the details by himself.
He bit his tongue. Saying any more would be detrimental to a situation that's already spinning out of control.
It was hard to tell. He’d never said the words and perhaps it was foolish to believe that Steve could ever replace the woman who had owned Tony’s heart.
He gave full force on his foot-thrusters, taking Rumlow with him as he flew out of the window. The detonation came not even a few dozen meters above ground, and its destruction reached at least a few of the top stories of the buildings nearby.
So no, Steve didn’t agree overnight, and not on the day after, but agree he did. And thus, Ian was, in fact, theirs. He was Steve’s, and he was Tony’s. And he was one of a kind.
“No, it’s not because you’re shorter,” Steve answered Tony’s unvoiced joke, his smile stretching into a smirk. “Just want to lead for once in our relationship.”
“Sam!” Steve yelled, needlessly, because Sam was already rushing through the air, firing at Ultron as he tried to stay out of his line of sight.
A complete silence settled within the kitchen, all eyes shifted onto Steve, which told him that they had all arrived at the same conclusion, long before Natasha uttered those next words that had Steve’s insides freeze in shock.
“Down in the cellar. Now that the Infinity Stones are destroyed, I’m sure they’ll just use it to hoard even more books.”
Could she sound any more pleased? Nah, not possible, but it was good news. At least, Tony hoped it was.
“Thanks,” Tony murmured, realizing it didn’t really make him feel any better. He wouldn’t worry so much if Steve talked to
Steve could breathe. He hadn't realized it might've been an issue until the air burst from his lungs and was replaced by a fresh breath. Why was it so difficult to talk about these things? Was it because he was already so invested, so ridiculously in it for how little time they'd actually spent together? He shook his head once, then pulled back to look down into Tony's eyes. There was nothing but genuine sincerity there, and Steve leaned down to kiss him, chaste and gentle.
—was better than the future he’d been shown. That they, a bunch of merely powerful humans, could never hope to keep this vulnerable planet safe, no matter how hard they tried.
Fury wasn’t any better. Truth, at times, was easy to overlook in the face of overwhelming obstacles. Rules were changed when circumstances changed.
“If you think,” he started, licking his dry lips. “If you think I’ll wait another three weeks after this, you’re wrong.” He finally brought himself to lower his body to the floor, sitting down on his own feet. He curled into Steve’s chest as he leaned sideways, molding into him perfectly as though it was meant to be this way. He dipped his head, nuzzling Steve’s neck with his nose.
Tony hurried after Obi as he told someone on the phone that they’d be at Stark Industries’ New York headquarter in under an hour. He just left the building, obviously expecting Tony to follow after him. Which he did, of course. He followed him across the front of the building, down a lane and to a black limousine.
Being with him was unexplainable. It always had been. He’d just been too busy with being Tony’s friend to realize how much more he wanted. And the sensation welling inside him was so deep, so painfully present, that it could only be love.
He took the glass of water Steve offered him and drank it all down in one go. He eyed Steve’s uniform with a small smile, putting the empty glass aside and stepping closer to him.
He fell silent, looking for the right words and Tony felt his heart hammering inside his chest. “And what?”
Tony didn’t say anything in return. In that moment, he didn’t need to. Steve felt his love everywhere. All around them. And in his heart.
Tony grinned, couldn’t help himself. “You know… Laura will be so very pissed that I shot your balls off,” he said, then shot a pointed repulsor at Clint’s crotch, but it was too predictable, and Clint had no problem jumping out of the way.
When neither moved and the silence stretched between them, Bucky shook his head. "So, how bad was it?" he asked, indicating the door. Steve only lowered his head, and said nothing.
Tony death-glared him, then determinately made to stand up. “Fine. If I land in jail, I expect you to bail me out before the eclipse starts.”
Natasha was throwing them glances from where she sat, and when she noticed Steve looking, she cast him a smile and nodded.
Catching up to Tony's meaning was a little difficult at first, but Steve got it well enough. He didn't want any more confrontations today, least of all when he had a lap-full of eager, horny Tony, promising things that made his erection strain ever harder against the confines of his clothes. "God…" he whispered and pulled Tony in for another kiss. He wanted it so much but… Would Tony really go through with it?
Tony would end up coming for him, after all. With a swallow, he shoved the chip over his shoulder and into the empty slot. Steve’s heart hammered. A tight, anxious feeling wound its way up his chest as he worried, like he did every time, that this wasn’t going to work, before—exhale, relief—there was the softest of clicks and the lock released.
Tony nodded, grateful. “I don’t wanna fight,” he said after a long moment of companionable silence, gauging his words carefully so he wouldn’t set Steve off again. “I just… can’t really apologize for wanting to keep you safe. Someone had to check the place, and FRIDAY did the math and my chances to get out in time were simply better than yours. I just… went with it. You mean so much to me, it was a no-brainer.”
Heat rushed to Tony’s cheeks at those words. He closed his eyes, leaning in even closer as his body spasmed under Steve’s touch. A groan left his lips at a particularly good stroke and he thrust into the movement, almost shaking with the need to come.
Steve leaned forward, smiling against Tony’s cheek. “I think I’m allowed, today. You can count yourself lucky that I’m not carrying you over the threshold.”
His gaze moved across Tony’s face, lingering. “No problem,” Steve said as he caught his breath. Then, he glanced at Tony and tried for a smile. “Got it out of your system?”
But Steve wasn’t listening. Without realizing it, his feet were leading him outside. “I’ll get him!” he called over his shoulder.
“Come, sit with us,” Natasha said as she tugged him forward. “Steve, this is Agent Clint Barton, and Agent Phil Coulson.”
It wasn’t just that one vision, that one moment in the barracks, it was a whole life creeping up on him as he lay on the floor gasping for air. The headache, while painful, was far in the background as it all came crashing down. He saw more than he wanted to know, and the things he saw playing out in front of his eyes were wrapped around experiences that had once been his.
They got to the dance-floor, Tony standing close and holding on, and Steve wrapped his own arms around his waist, fingers linking at the small of his back and holding them pressed close. He loved holding him like this, it was intimate but still tolerable in public.
The implication was staggering, making Steve swallow once to push back the thought. Tony didn't need his protective streak right now, it would serve no purpose. Instead, he made a shallow motion, pressing tighter against him.
“That’s the spirit,” he said, clasping Tony’s shoulder. Together, they made their way over to the group. The girl was actually really pretty and… in her late twenties, Tony figured, trying not to think too much about why it was so goddamn easy to hook up with people he didn’t want, while he couldn’t even kiss the one he
“It’s about your affiliation with the Avengers Initiative,” Tony explained. “Not sure if you know about our—”
Steve sighed. “I know. But they can’t put us on a leash, either. We can only do what we do because we don’t answer to a higher-up of any sorts.”
“She’ll pull through. We all will at some point. You should talk to her, when you have the chance, I bet she’ll forgive you in a heartbeat.”
“It’s a miniature America,” Tony explained with his typical whiny-voice that had Steve smiling a little every time. “It’s America of the 1950’s, in all of its quaint, starry-eyed, God-flag-mom-and-apple-pie glory.” He cast Steve a short look before instantly looking back out of the windshield. “Come to think of it, Rogers will probably like it.”
Blind? Tony frowned, not getting what Steve was talking about. In the last months, he’d thought of every possibility, every divergence of the Sokovia Act. How to work around it, which changes to make. And that Steve had the audacity to tell him he was blind was just—
“Excuse me,” Steve said, forgetting for a moment that he wasn’t exactly alone. “Mr. Let’s-Try-Something-I-Have-Never-Heard-About. We both knew—” He glanced sideways, stopping in mid-sentence when he took in Natasha’s devious grin.
—he wanted to have that kid with Tony now. He wanted it badly. Being around Clint’s kids might’ve been some kind of eye-opener, but Steve was sure the outcome would’ve been the same, no matter what.
Tony inhaled lowly, burying his head into his pillows and slowly rotating the shield that was now lying next to him on the bed. “Since when did you get so insightful?”
“No,” Tony said. He put the tablet he’d brought with him down on the table, twirling it back and forth a bit. “Just… there will be a visitor this afternoon.”
Barnes breathed mechanically and just when Tony pressed a wet cotton ball to the side of his wrist, he let out an almost girlish yelp that neither of them seemed to have expected.
Tony pursed his lips. It already stung pretty bad when Steve had done it, but he wasn’t about to tell Barnes that.
.” He rolled his eyes at Steve, while he was brushing a hand over his chin and cheeks. He sighed. “The things I would do for a razor.”
Steve hummed then sucked at the tender spot behind Tony’s ear as one of his hands roamed lower, reacquainting itself with his belly, and still lower, reaching down to rub his length.
But once Tony’d been back home, Stane had all but dug his claws into him, monopolizing his time for hours on end, not letting Tony out of sight once.
Steve pinched his nose, but intoned anyway, “Don’t step in front of Clint if he’s doing something stupid.”
known Tony had lived a wild life back in the day, but when Steve had met him the first time, he’d already been in a relationship with Pepper, and Steve figured that was that.
“It’s what we do,” Clint answered. “Laura made her peace with that long ago. And Tony will understand what you did once he finds out about Siberia. This is why we became a team in the first place, it’s our job to do what others can't. No matter the cost.”
Tony raised his soda glass, reveling in the wide smile manifesting itself on Steve’s face, as he leaned in over his shoulder. “To a little less complicated times,” he whispered into Tony’s ear, kissing his cheek before pulling back and sipping his beer. Tony glanced at the bottle’s label and smiled to himself. It was nonalcoholic.
So Steve did. He left Tony—left him standing in the huge cold basement in Siberia that, in only a few hours, had somehow robbed them of everything.
A few days later, Steve found Tony waiting for him, stretched out on their bed. It was already dark outside, and inside the room, the only source of light was Tony’s arc reactor, and the tablet in his hands. His expression seemed closed-off somehow, not the distracted absent kind of look he’d sported whenever he’d been involved in Extremis, but something much more frightening, something hollow.
“You’re admittedly a pretty face,” Hammer continued. “An innocent boy he’ll want to defile. Men like Stark enjoy dirtying up their conquests, but he’ll get tired of you soon, and where will that leave you? People will talk about you, they will know you like to spread your bony legs for other men. Trust me, boy, once Stark stops caring about you, you’ll be done for.”
“We will,” Tony replied. He swallowed. “I… I know I don’t deserve to have a kid,” he said, and Steve was about to protest, but Tony talked right over him, while smoothing out his hair: “I
“Wow,” Steve said next to him, and his eyes were slightly widened as they took it all in. “You didn’t exaggerate.”
Steve was entirely unable to hide his smile. “Me? I’m the one with the…” He cleared his throat, “punctuality issue?”
Here we go guys, this is the final chapter. There will be an epilogue coming up, soon, though (: Hope you enjoyed this so far!
By now, Steve’s heart pounded and his pulse raced. He took a step backwards, then another, and bumped right into a vase, which stood on a small table, nearly pushing both objects to the ground. He grabbed them just in time so they wouldn’t crash on the floor, then slowly turned around. The last thing he wanted was to be caught eavesdropping by Stane, thus he crept over the threshold of the nearest room. He took a quick look around the small guest room, before resolutely placing himself behind the door.
They had talked about Siberia once before. It had been before Bucky had met Natasha, somewhere during the fifties and nineties—dates and timespans in Bucky’s mind were still fuzzy at best—and Bucky had told him about his training, and him training others. The memories hadn’t been quite as clear, but the horror of it all hadn’t been lost on Steve.
“Not the time, guys,” he said, and with the way he said it, it was very clear that it meant: But there
Flat on his back against the paving stones, her slim body was straddling his waist and a knife pressed into his chest. All this time, he had thought that if—one day—he would reach this position, he would not fight it. He would look death square in the face; he would meet it without fear. And there was no fear. Yet the acceptance of death had left him. It was the thrill of the battle that did it. In the flush of the fight, he had found something to give meaning to his existence, and he didn’t want to surrender that meaning just yet.
“Good,” Clint murmured, waving a hand in the direction of the door. He’d only arrived at the facility half an hour ago, still wearing jeans and a lumberjack shirt. “Please let’s get this show over with so I can go back home.”
All of a sudden, Steve grabbed his wrist and dragged him back. He waited until the group had retreated either upstairs or to one of the outer rooms before flashing a pert smile right in front of the mirror. “Wanna pose?”
“You feel so good,” Tony said and leaned inward to taste Steve’s lips briefly. His thumb encircled the leaking head with every pass; caressing him so expertly Steve was afraid this would be over far too soon. And when he felt his sensitive hardness being pulled apart by Tony’s dry hand, he clutched at Tony’s shoulders and gasped.
, he’d never had any problems not to act on it. When he’d thought about his future, it had always been so clear that he’d eventually marry a nice dame, if she’d have him, and start a family.
Tony took that as the cue to shove past Steve, his eyes flickering all across the room, taking in the scene. “
With a deep breath, Steve eyed the workshop door, shifting his weight on his feet as he considered his options. He had a plate with sandwiches in one hand and two bottles of beer in the other. Well, he already made it this far, right?
Steve opened his mouth to give him his piece of mind on saying things like this so off-handedly, but Tony beat him to it. “It’s a precautionary measure,” he said. “Of course I don’t want to go to jail. I… I really can’t emphasize enough how much I don’t want to go to jail. But sooner or later I have to accept the fact that it’s a possibility. And if it happens, I want Banner to keep on working on the reactor. I need
“Look,” Tony prompted. “I’m sorry you have to see me like this. Aside from the freaky eyes, I got the headache of hell, but I can handle it.”
colorful words against his mouths, but his brain was too busy catching up with the rest of his body.
“I’m not gonna last,” he gasped and although he had no single idea what kind of behaviour was appropriate during a—a
“No, I’ve told you all that I’m going to. Do you think this is easy for me? Being here with you, having to work with you, knowing how much you secretly hated me the whole damn time? Wondering if you maybe still do.” He shook his head. “The only reason I’m even bothering with you is…”
Clenching and unclenching his hands, he tried to stop shaking. He could feel a thundering in his ears, harsh gasps filling in the space between. Eyes darted around trying to discover where he was. There was no light. No relief from the black surrounding him.
"You can tell me, you know," Steve said, trying to find the right way to coax Tony to tell him what was wrong. "We're on the same team…"
“I knew this would happen again,” Bucky told him quietly. “Everything HYDRA put inside me is still there. The last few times I lost control, at home or down in Bruce’s lab, it was just… short flashbacks. But this felt like my mind resetting to zero. All they had to do was say the goddamn words. I’m not safe. You should’ve never taken me home with you.”
That didn’t lessen the sorrow in Steve’s expression a bit. “Of course I’m your friend. Dammit, please don’t leave me now.”
Steve smiled. “Next time something like this happens, we’ll know how to deal with it, and we’ll find a compromise before things can go south.”
The elevator door slid open. There was a dim light at the foot of the stairs, and he could hear voices coming from Fury’s office. When he reached the foyer, he saw Natasha and Fury standing near the sofa. They were speaking in a hushed whisper. Fury’s lips were drawn together in a thin line, lines of fatigue and temper bracketing his mouth.
a grand gesture, okay? Grand gesture, grand fucking bunny. Not my fault you’re all not broad-minded enough to grasp the deeper meaning behind it. See if I get you anything more original than your standard fragrance for our anniversaries, now,
They also couldn’t risk going to one of Tony’s safehouses. It would be easier to stay somewhere here, in the suburbs, since neither of them would attract much attention, and if they kept moving around, the chances of discovery would be lessened.
Tony frowned, looking down at himself as if chiding himself for getting an erection now. He stepped a bit closer to Steve, either to hide or rub it more firmly against Steve, it was hard to decide. “It’s still early,” Tony said. “And it’s your big night.”
Steve licked his lips, not knowing what to say—not knowing if he should say anything at all. If it were his choice, they’d be doing this over and over again. In variations, sure, but this… God, he wanted this more than anything.
“He… tried to attack me. I shut it down before anything too serious could happen. I’ll reboot in offline mode later.”
Tony couldn’t help himself, staring at Steve bluntly. He looked so good like this, writhing beneath him, obviously unsure if he wanted to draw back or push down more firmly.
It all happened too fast. Rumlow didn’t wait to give Steve a last piece of mind. He activated the bomb and Steve watched with pure horror as it exploded, taking Rumlow with it. The man holding him all but evaporated and there was heat seeping into Steve’s uniform. It burned before it touched him, and he had a nanosecond to think of Ian and of Tony and then—
Tony’s fingers clenched into a fist, before he placed them, very carefully, on Steve’s shoulder. “Believe me, there’s nothing you have to apologize for. It’s a decision I made, alright? And you’re here, so it was all worth it.”
Steve had known he was in trouble the minute he opened his eyes in Tony's bed that morning, but he didn't care. Danger was never a deterrent for him.
“That’s because he’s his,” Phil explained, taking a seat as well. He raised an eyebrow at Steve. “Isn’t he? Your’s and Tony’s.”
“They have to,” Peter Quill said, looking into Gamora’s eyes. “Nebula wouldn’t want it to be for nothing.”
When Steve fell asleep that night, Tony already waited for him. The second he saw him standing in front of the door, he stood up from the bed. “Look, I’m sorry.”
Before the others left again, Pepper had taken Steve to the side, placing a hand on his shoulder as she led him out of Tony’s hearing range.
Tony emanated a purposeful sigh and slowly, he allowed himself to reach for the bottle that stood next to the chair. He had an inkling idea that he was gonna need it.
A quick thought beforehand: I know Civil War is about taking sides, but I want you to know that I didn't. Take sides. I'm seeing just as much reason in Tony's standpoint as in Steve's. That's kinda the beauty and tragedy of it. In the movie, it's basically just a very shitty situation and in my opinion, they didn't have the time or opportunity to settle this issue peacefully. And while there will be scenes and dialogues in this fic that blame certain people for certain things, I want to emphasize: This is NOT my opinion, I'm NOT trying to diss any characters, I LOVE THEM BOTH EQUALLY. These things are said because there will be strong emotions blinding the characters who say them. They might very well realize later that they were wrong to think and say such things. So this is not me blaming anyone for anything, or saying that 'Tony's right' or 'Steve's right'. It'd be wonderful if you'd just bear with me till the end :-)
The corners of Barnes’ mouth quirked up. “No, it’s fine… It’s just, Nat already warned me that you’re dying to look at it. I was sorta waiting for you to ask me.”
Eventually, Tony had linked Bucky to the Avenger’s comm-lines and cameras, and he was now monitoring their whereabouts and giving them advice from afar. It was better than going to jail. And by now, he and Steve could at least make jokes about it.
Tonight had been the picture of a perfect wedding. He knew Tony had wanted to make it as special for him as possible. Billie Holiday was humming out the lyrics to “I’m Yours”. It had been Steve’s only wish for the playlist, and it might be a bit cliché. However, the second he’d listened to the song back in the 40s, it had stuck a chord within him, and he remembered thinking: ‘If I ever get to have a wedding, this is what I’ll be dancing to’. And now that he swayed with Tony from side to side, he could live with being a bit of a cliché as long as it meant he got to have this moment.
Steve didn’t pull his hand away. “Since you got here,” he started, and he didn’t look half as nervous as Tony expected him to be when talking about… this elephant they’d been tiptoeing around ever since arriving here. “Didn’t you ever wonder what could’ve been if things hadn’t gotten in the way?”
“You can talk about it if you wanna, you know…” he said after a moment, reaching out to put his hand on Steve’s chest, feeling his heart beating beneath his fingers. Whatever Steve was dreaming of was likely not something Tony could relate to, but… talking helped. Or at least, it
Steve nodded. That much was true. He wasn’t sure when Tony would arrive, but they couldn’t wait forever. For all he knew, Zemo could’ve already woken up those five soldiers, and they had to take them out before they could leave.
“Eclipses!” Ms Jameson said as she scribbled an equation on the whiteboard. Even though this was Tony’s favorite subject, his physics teacher was way too energetic for 9 a.m. For a Monday. For practically any day after Tony’d been awake all night, which this year was basically always.
His son looked at him with his big azure blue eyes that were one hundred percent Steve’s, and smiled. A real smile, all big and happy.
“I’m sorry you had to find out like that,” Steve said, a shadow falling over his face. “I never wanted you to. It might change everything.”
“No, it doesn’t.” He reached for Tony’s hand and squeezed it. Another puzzle piece fell into place. Tony might not believe in fate, but it was harder to dismiss it by the second.
The first time Tony had laid eyes on the Regeneration Cradle, he’d already known it was likely the most important piece of technology he’d ever come across. More important than Iron Man, Steve’s shield or Thor’s hammer. More important even than Vision and his Infinity Stone. He’d known all that, but he couldn’t, not in a Million years, have envisioned how much it’d change his life.
There had never been fear like this. It was still clawing at his insides, parching his throat, and all Tony had known in that moment was suffering.
Steve smiled, and leaned in to brush a soft kiss on Tony’s nose. “I think you’re right.” When he looked back down, Tony could practically hear Steve’s breath hitch at the sight.
Clint was leaning against the arm of the other sofa, his feet propped on the edge of the coffee table. Beside him, Natasha just wrote something down into some magazine. Her eyes, however, were drawn to the television and staring raptly at what looked a lot like a Monty Python movie.
“We barely see each other twice a month. I figured we were going the same way so…” Steve shrugged, rubbing his forehead.
A lot of things were going through Tony’s mind, just then. He wished he could call Pepper once more, apologize for the clusterfuck that had been their relationship. He wished he could step out of the suit and hug Rhodey until the world ended. And he wished… God, he wished he had more time to… to…
He pecked Steve again, and Steve’s brain clearly had shut down at some point, because he could not even form a decent thought.
“Tony, I…” Steve trembled hard, his enhanced cells compounding closer and closer to the ambiguous edge of something he’d never felt before. Not like this. Shapes blurred around him before his eyes were blinded by white, his nerves quivering and ecstasy. “
Steve let out a deep breath before returning his attention to the tablet. “There wasn’t anything unusual, as far as I remember it. The bunker has one large main hall and a smaller raised room accessible by a loading ramp. There was a sublevel where they mostly stuffed—” He paused, frowning at the map.
Natasha had simply sauntered into his room about ten minutes ago, without prior notice, without any sign that she would arrive in Wakanda. She had met Bucky’s incredulous stare with one of her slightly crooked smiles, and then she’d pulled him down on the bed by a finger in his collar.
Ross clearly didn’t approve, but nodded anyway. “Fine,” he said and with a deep breath, he stood back up from his chair. One of his companions handed him a remote control, and Ross turned on the monitor behind him as he took stance in front of the team. “Gentlemen, the world owes the Avengers an unpayable debt,” he told them, and sounded honest enough. “You’ve fought for us. Protected us. Risked your lives. While a great many people see you as heroes. There are some… who would prefer the word ‘vigilantes’.”
The images of Tony had plagued him, afterwards. His perfect bronzed body. His soft curves. His strong thighs. His firm ass. And his cock—god, he’d thought about Tony’s cock so often. He’d just thought it had been the shock but, in hindsight, his mind had most definitely taken a different turn here and then.
“And it’s not for Tony?” Natasha asked, searching his face for… something. “I was a bit surprised that you didn’t even bring it up. Especially with the way he’s barely holding himself up right now.”
Tony licked his lips. “I’m so sorry. I thought you hated me… and… well, jerking off to your photo probably wasn’t my smoothest move, and…” He trailed off and his cheeks heated in a flash of heated remembrance.
Turned out Steve wasn’t too big on the concept in general. He simply didn’t want the whole family, kids, white picket fence and a Golden Retriever thing. He—how had he put it?—‘didn’t see himself that way’.
“Thanks,” Steve said, smiling a bit. He glanced back at the photograph. “And you said we got married six months ago?”
Tony brushed a hand over his face and groaned heavily. He shoved a hand into Steve’s side, and while he didn’t move so much as a millimeter, it got his attention, at least.
Dark brown eyes stared intently down into Steve’s. Tony remained silent for a moment longer. “You really want it, don’t you? It’s not just… you didn’t just settle for the idea because you want to make me happy?”
“Steve,” Bucky breathed inarticulately, as if the word had just wormed its way past Bucky’s lips without his consent. And they remained that way for a long moment, Bucky just staring down at him, trying to place his forgotten memories before confusion melted into despair. His brow furrowed. He looked so close, then—within reach of an objective he couldn’t identify…
“Steve told us you were an Air Force pilot?” Bruce prompted after a moment. He’d just finished wrapping a bandage around Tony’s shoulder and upper torso and now gave Sam a thankful smile as he cradled the cup of tea between both hands.
Steve’s heart leapt in his chest. “I’m so sorry you had to go through all that,” he said. On a second thought, he let himself sink down on the bed, taking Tony with him. They lay down next to each other, face to face.
“Try not to faint,” Strange said, and it took Tony a long moment to realize he had addressed him, not Steve.
“It’s certainly safer than any alternative you can come up with at the moment,” Tony snapped. “Descriptions aren’t a name.”
Steve’s gaze was instinctively drawn back to the ambulance where Tony was currently being examined. He was still unconscious and since he’d been underwater for almost four minutes, his skin was paler than usual. On the narrow bench next to him, Bruce was talking with one of the Sokovian doctors, alternatively nodding, shaking his head and pointing towards the arc reactor.
,” Tony gasped, and a robotic sound, as close to a sob as the modulators would allow it, resounded in the space between them.
“The Hulk can take a lot, and… it’s worth it.” He glanced to Natasha briefly. His expression didn’t allow any objections. “
Steve rolled his eyes. "Maybe if the co-leader had stuck around, things wouldn't have gotten so out of hand," he said, his tone low enough that only those interested in hearing would be able to.
When he drew back and opened his eyes again, the vivid brown of Tony’s eyes was dark with heat and intensity, his pupils a bit dilated.
. You were right about him. I just… I didn’t want to see it. Last week, on my business trip, I met a journalist. Annoying woman… but she… she had a few things to tell me about Obi and the people he sold weapons to, and… I ignored it. I didn’t want another thing to deal with. But you were right. I should have seen something like this coming. That he wouldn’t let go just like this…” Tony paused long enough to rub a hand over his mouth. “It doesn’t matter now,” he continued, turning his gaze to the window. “It’s over.”
Vision eventually drew back and nodded. “I’ll talk to him as soon as this is over. We both know that doing it right now would end up in an argument or a workshop lock-down. I don’t think I have the patience for either. Now that I have legs, I can simply walk away, and I must admit that prospect is very tempting.”
A bizarre mixture of exhilaration and shock raced through Steve’s veins. “It’s not real,” he whispered to himself, his voice trembling. He lifted his palm to Tony’s cheek, his insides heating when Tony reluctantly raised his head to meet his eyes. And what he saw there—the anger conflicted with specks of awe and wonder—was enough to make him weak in the knees. “I’m dreaming.”
This—very clearly—couldn’t be his future. There was no single way the two of them would ever get into a relationship with each other.
The sky was already a fairly light shade of blue, when they stepped outside the door. A light breeze blew across the campus grounds, and Tony closed his eyes and took a small breath. “Fuckin’ Obi,” he said quietly, feeling more sober immediately.
“Cap!” Natasha called, and Steve spotted her racing towards the truck on Steve’s motorcycle and throwing the shield right at him.
And yet, it was strange; the whole thing was just strange. Most of the time, Tony wanted to find a reason to get off the phone but at the same time, he’d almost come to depend on hearing Steve’s voice every day.
A part of him only wanted to walk back into his tiny room and lie on the bed until some of these things started to make sense.
Natasha glanced up at Tony. There was a cold pause as they stared each other down. “Some cards better stay hidden until the time is right.”
Sam handed Bruce a bottle of peroxide and a few strips of gauze from his first aid kit—before he wordlessly shoved an instant cold pack in Steve’s direction. Steve took it with a curt nod and a visible flush on his cheeks, but eventually pressed it to the back of his still-bruised hand.
Tony’s eyes widened and he neared Cooper with a grin that spoke of all kinds of mischief. “He will make an exception today because your airplane now has double charge time, can do about every stunt you can think of, and just increased its worth by a good five hundred dollars, right,
“Oh come on, Tony. From what I’ve heard, this is one of the better haunted joints on the east coast,” Carol said, and leaned over Tony’s seat to press a kiss against his temple. “It’ll be fun.”
“Is he alone?” Tony asked, rubbing a hand over his face. He knew the answer even before reception-lady confirmed that
Steve shook his head, slowly. “You know… when the WSC fired that nuke on New York, you did something they told you not to do, simply because it was the right thing, and I respect you for that.” He paused and drew in a deep breath. “I’d hoped it would also make you reconsider taking the line of least resistance.”
It took a moment, but eventually, a soft smile rose to Tony’s lips. “How do you always know what I need to hear when I don’t even know it myself?”
A wave of need shuddered through his body, and shock had him stand perfectly still as Steve pressed his lips against Tony’s. His hands shot out to grasp something solid, which happened to be Steve’s incredibly toned sides.
Tony hummed appreciatively, leaning back in even as Steve slowly pulled back. “Good,” he murmured against his lips, one arm wrapping around his neck. It didn’t matter. Whether or not they shared a bed, kiss in public, or just held hands. None of it mattered, at least not for now. Steve had agreed to try this, and if he needed time to actually turn this into a relationship, that was fine. Or…
“Did you get me a boy toy for the weekdays? Have someone fulfill my needs while you’re in DC? That’s so considerate.”
He wondered why he hadn't gotten any visions since that second one. It hadn't escaped his notice that it was something Tony had said that had triggered it the first two times. And if he were honest, that was part of the reason he was keeping his distance, but it was bothering him. He couldn't even concentrate on things he usually did on autopilot. Thoughts of Tony would creep up on him. How close he'd sat that evening, how he'd held Steve in his arms when he’d taken him back to the Tower…
She didn’t look impressed, shifting ever so slightly on her feet and looking at Steve with red eyes. Strucker, as Steve noted, was nowhere to be seen. Then, things changed again, and Steve was back in the previous corridor—completely alone.
And Stark Mansion… it was without question the greatest building he had ever seen. Immediately, his hand itched with the need to sketch it. There were two great wings that led to what he assumed was the main hall. And the steps that led to the entrance seemed enormous. The Mansion was built right at the edge of a steep cliff and all around were acres of green grass—and below, the wide blue ocean.
guy, usually, but Tony had managed to get under his skin, making himself home there, and now he was acting like nothing had ever happened.
Bucky opened his mouth to say something, clearly seeing through Natasha’s scheme, but she simply ignored him and made to stand up.
Phil’s team was putting shackles around the unconscious soldier’s hands and legs, bringing them outside. In the background, a man and a woman were busy working on the Cryostasis tanks, and Steve saw as the woman shook her head when she checked the remaining soldier’s vitals. Natasha had left to look for Zemo—Nick and Phil, on the other hand, were simply standing on the sidelines, watching Steve and Tony warily.
Tony had started calling him that again, as if to differentiate between him and his own Steve, to keep that distance between them. Steve didn’t know about Tony, but he certainly
“Go on,” Steve told them with a small wave of his hand. “Bring Clint to Cho, we’ll be right behind you.”
“I know,” Vision agreed, tapping his head. Sure, the lucky guy was still linked to all systems. Damn it, sometimes, he really missed Extremis. “And if you want my opinion, I think they’re sending four because they’re
“Been a while since I dreamed of a guy,” the man said, smirking at Steve as he let his eyes rake up and down over Steve’s body. “But hey, you’re quite the eye-candy.”
Everyone else probably didn’t see how Tony’s posture was hunched just that tiny bit, or the tensed line of his shoulders. They didn’t see the slight twitching in his jaw as he started walking, but Steve did. He knew he couldn’t do anything, but he stayed close at his side, as he and Bruce set to work on the cradle.
A grunt left Steve’s lips when Rumlow’s enhanced hydraulic-gauntlet collided with his chest. He was admittedly a bit shocked when he felt himself being propelled into the air next, his back connecting with a nearby car.
“He will. In his own time.” With that, Bruce clapped a hand on Tony’s shoulder, standing up. “I think it’s just… how he is. We all haven’t exactly been very open with each other since we moved in. Those things take time, it’s not unusual. Steve hasn’t talked to anyone, by the way. It’s not just you he’s avoiding. ”
“Good to have you back, man,” Sam said, clapping a hand on his shoulder, after Steve had dressed himself.
Tony looked up again, and blinked when he spotted Steve walking around the tent outside. He had a blanket in hand and spread it on the grass. He lay down on it, both arms crossed behind his head as he gazed up into the sky.
“Says you,” Tony echoed back at him, smiling softly, only broken by a chocked-up gasp after one particularly deep thrust of his fingers.
Steve blinked, realizing it wasn’t either of his friends, but Dr. Bruce Banner, Tony’s therapist. He knew the two had become close friends over the years—that Bruce had helped Tony dealing with lots of traumatic issues, most of them concerning Tony’s own family.
The gasp he released upon the first finger was a little exaggerated—they had been doing this not even twenty-four hours ago, and while he wasn’t loose anymore, one finger wasn’t much of a problem. He pressed his lips to Steve’s jawline, moving the digit around a bit before plunging a second inside. His need was definitely too great to keep it slow right now, and everything else quickly blanked out. He thrust the fingers into his body, grinding his cock against Steve’s, eyes soaking up his wide stare.
A gasp tore out of his throat when he realized he hadn’t been the only one following Steve. He had been too preoccupied to even consider the possibility that the marines would take it upon themselves to stop them from escaping.
A long sigh sailed through Tony’s lips. Then he turned around and snuggled into him, dropping a kiss on his chest, right over his heart.
There was a hand on his shoulder, and Tony could feel the cold metal all the way to his bones. “Then don’t.”
Steve was holding onto Tony's hips with an iron grip, before he saw how red the skin was getting and gentled his touch. He had to keep Tony anchored against his ruthless pace, and the reward came in the form of incoherent babble and an undulation that drove Steve on. He didn't speak, not knowing what to say and not having the breath to say it. Whatever he wanted to convey was communicated well enough with his rhythmic motion.
Tony stepped into the laboratory while instructing JARVIS to confirm his appointment with the Secretary of Defense in three days. He took a few minutes to skim through the new compounds Bruce had mixed into Barnes’ infusion-cocktail. There were drugs to remove fluids from the brain, and a few sedatives to reduce metabolism and decrease the pressure. There had been a lot of aspects to consider. New suggestions on what it was that would best ease him back into a life of free will. They had safely discarded three of five concoctions and the fourth finally seemed to do the trick.
happened, and I couldn’t concentrate, thanks very much. “...but I think I just have to accept the fact that he’s yet another failure and do what I’m su—”
After his horrible attempt at kissing Steve, Tony’s mood took a tumble into very bad territory. The day Tony had announced his project finished and allowed MIT’s graduation committee to take a look at DUM-E, a media frenzy had broken loose.
When he crossed the threshold towards the workshop, however, Steve knew immediately that the warmth between Tony and him—the warmth he’d wanted so hard to hold onto—was gone.
“Well, that was dramatic,” the robot went on, unfazed about what had just happened. As if he hadn’t just ripped out an essential part of Tony and stomped it to the ground. His red eyes stared at Tony so intensely, as if looking right into his head. “You can hide from me, but your little virus won’t protect you forever. I know you mean well… you just didn’t think it through. You want to protect the world, but you don’t want it to change. How is humanity saved if it’s not allowed to…
“Yeah, it was a great thing to see your best friend falling to his possible death.” Rhodey pinches the bridge of his nose.
Steve blinks. “What do you mean up close?” His eyes narrow at Natasha, who looks at him knowingly. Steve gasps. “Oh my god, how long have you known?!”
Steve blushes, and again Tony couldn't melt more even if he tried. The urge to gently rub his fingers on that tinge of pink over Steve's cheeks is very strong, but he stops himself, still unsure of what's happening.
“It's about us. You becoming the man I always thought you to be, and me coming to terms with how I feel about you.”
Bucky scratches his mop of hair, getting a few strands loose from where it's tied. “Okay. That makes sense, I guess. And I will take your word for it until I see how amazing those things you say are.” He rests his chin on his hand. “Why did you let us believe he's older? And why the heck have you been keeping all this from me?”
That's all it takes for Tony and Clint to get into a friendly argument, in which they then drag Bucky into it, and Sam is in the middle, trying to keep things calm. Steve watches the exchange with a fond smile in his face. His fear that his friends could had been too much for Tony completely trashed and destroyed as he sees his boyfriend go toe to toe with Clint.
“Confronted with the reality that we both are way too emotionally involved and probably screwed for life?” Tony jokes, but his voice is trembling as he says it and it falls flat.
Once again, as he watches Tony's retreating back, Steve is left feeling like the worst person in the world.
Bucky splutters, giving him an incredulous stare. Clint smirks, and wiggles his eyebrows at Bucky, as if he just won the argument. It only serves for Bucky to throw his apple right at Clint's head.
Tony splutters, and Steve would laugh at how he looks like a fish out of the water right now if he wasn't so nervous.
Steve pecks him on the forehead, and laughs when Tony's nose scrunches up for a minute, but then he's out like a light.
“And you must be the famous Tony.” Natasha answers, shaking his hand. “You look so much better up close. Steve, you got yourself a handsome one there.”
It takes him few more minutes to calm himself completely, but once he does, he feels lighter. He pulls away, aware that he probably looks like a mess, and surprised that Tony looks the same. Steve kisses him softly on the lips, takes another breath. “It wasn't your fault, so please don't blame yourself. It was an accident. I know that. I'm just—“
Steve's eyes turn soft. “Thank you.” He smiles at her, before going back to pay attention to the banter.
“So, we're all good with the plan? Tony stays with you until at least Pepper is back?” Rhodey affirms, after watching the exchange.
It's all Steve needs to break, he's moving before he can think about possibly causing more harm, and embracing Tony as if he will never let him go. Tony grunts painfully, and Steve almost lets him go immediately, but Tony won't let him.
They fake fight for a few minutes, falling from the bed. Once there, Bucky asks for a truce, and they lay on the carpet catching their breaths.
“Hi, Mr. Stark!” Peter answers entering the shop hurriedly. “I got something for you.” He continues as he reaches inside his pocket. From it, he takes a folded paper, "Here.”
. Not matter how crazy that sounds, how he's just eighteen and soon to graduate from high school. He can't fathom loving someone else as much as he loves Tony.
Steve feels his heart tighten painfully in his chest. All this time, he hasn't even thought about how much this actually affected Tony, beyond the physical signs. He feels guilty for dumping all of his trauma on Tony, but also part of him shamelessly feels content with another prove that Tony is in this as deep as Steve is.
“Seriously, why don't you just tell him again how you feel. What does it matter that you don't remember last night.”
Not the way he wanted for Bucky to meet Tony, but it will have to do. He turns to be able to face both. “Tony, this is Bucky. My best friend, basically my brother really. Bucky, this is Tony, my boyfriend who I'm going to mother-hen until he's better even if he doesn't want to.”
Tony nods, and doesn't say anything as Steve waits expectantly next to him for the questions that are brewing in Tony's head. “But why?” he asks, his need for understanding the world getting the better of him.
The rest of the day all Tony can think about is the note and the date. Tony goes, only because he's sure Steve is just fucking with him. Even though his brain reminds him that Steve is not that kind of person.
Bucky blinks, once, twice, by the third his mouth opens and then closes again. “How the fuck is that possible?”
“Very. Now I get to call Pepper. Excuse me.” He says, standing from the chair next to Tony's bed, and leaving the room, not before shaking Bucky's hand and exchanging a few words.
Tony decides to wake up right on that moment, blinks and looks at everybody around staring at each other. “Are we on a Mexican stand off?” He asks sleepy.
Steve kisses him. This time, the longer their mouths stay connected, the more heated the kiss becomes. So much so, that Steve forces himself to stop or they might get in trouble for indecency.
“Steven, I don't think it's appropriate for you to ask such a things in front of Bucky.” Tony jokes.
“Alright, so Bucky knows, now Sam has finally had the pleasure to meet me.” Tony says from the bed, as Steve moves around his room gathering stuff from the floor.
“I know. I'm so sorry.” Tony says pained, hugging Steve as strongly as he can manage. “I really didn't mean for this to happen.”
“So you were just texting him then.” Natasha, who had been staying out of the whole conversation, sidetracks him with a knowing look. “How's that going anyway?”
Tony points a finger at him. “We never kiss like that in public. Not that I didn't like it, I did, very much.” His eyes go dazed again, and Steve has to hold a chuckle. “But that's beside the point. What's gotten into you?”
There he said it! The only thing that has been bothering him since his convo with the group this morning is that not so little part.
“Only partially, really.” Natasha amends. “I mean, if this guy hurts you, I will cut his balls off with my knife.”
Steve stops him, pulling him back. Tony easily lets him do it, and Steve kisses him again. This time, it's a bit too heated for a public setting, but Steve could care less. He's just bursting with how lucky he feels to have met Tony. With how much he loves this sometimes complicated boy, and how he wouldn't have it any other way.
“It's not your fault” He tries to say, but his tongue is like lead in his mouth, and he's sure Tony can't understand a single word between Steve's tears. So he stops trying to talk, instead he holds Tony as strong as he can without aggravating his ribs, and just lets himself cry, until all the agony he felt those minutes in which he didn't know if Tony was even alive just spills out.
“Let's go.” Bucky commands, taking the helmet out of Steve's hands, and basically pushing him towards his car.
“What are you talking about?” Steve stupidly asks, as if he didn’t know that Tony has figured out everything.
“If I wake up and this is all in my head, I'll be so mad.” Tony jokes to calm the electricity running through his veins.
Tony spits some water out of his mouth muttering under his breath "We gotta stop doing this", then looks up at Steve. “What are you doing here?”
Yes, he's well aware he sounds like the most selfish person ever. But honestly, it doesn't bother him that much, because this is about Tony. Steve is pretty sure he fell for him the moment they said hello at the coffee-shop right on his way home and near Tony's school.
“Alright, everyone. Can we just, stop this?” Steve pleads. “Everything is fine. Stop making it seem like it's not.”
“And that's when the wind picked up too much, and sent one of the arms of the machine straight into Tony, who then toppled over the edge, three stories down.” Rhodey finishes.
Lying there in the dark, Steve promises himself to not let the accident shape their future together.
They find the room pretty quickly with the simple directions of the nurse. Steve's lungs lose all the air as soon he sees Tony. He takes it all in: the cast on his left leg, and the bruises on his face. But he's sitting up with the help of the bed, talking to Rhodey as if he wasn't currently laying in the hospital. That makes Steve able to breathe back again.
. I suggest you don't join him on his suicide mission.” Sam mutters, trying to make sure Bucky doesn't hear anything he just said.
Steve stares at her. “Are you guys frigging serious right now? Are you suggesting Tony is a bad person? He would never, ever, hurt anyone. He has the biggest heart, and even when he tries to act all tough, he's just a giant teddy bear. He freaking stopped in the middle of an experiment the other day to open a window, so the bug that was flying frantically in the lab could escape. C'mon you guys, that's—“
He then sees the arrow under Steve's name pointing towards the back of the paper and a muted squeak leaves his mouth.
“He wore the jacket, that you gave him last night. I'm pretty sure you haven't completely blown it yet.” Bucky murmurs as if reading Steve's thoughts.
Steve sighs. Bucky is right, he could just confess his feelings all over again. But he's afraid that now his chance has been blown.
“Oh crap!” Steve says, rushing to help Tony out of the fountain. “I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for that to happen.”
“You gotta stop doing that too, because I lose my train of thought.” Tony gasps when they come apart, but there's a smile on his face when he says it, so Steve doesn't take it seriously.
Steve answers readily, a soft chaste kiss to his lips that barely lasts seconds but always manages to warm his whole body. “Hey, yourself. You ready?” Steve asks, taking Tony's hand in his.
allows Steve to get other points of view, and Steve's straight forwardness helps Tony to get to the point and make decisions easier. That Steve loves him even when Tony is rambling so many things at the same time and Steve can barely keep up, but he loves him even more when Tony realizes he's doing that and then takes his time to explain things to Steve without making him feel like an idiot. They don’t see that he's never felt like he's the only one giving his all in this relationship, because Tony makes sure to make him feel important. He isn't afraid to tell anything to Steve. And Steve reciprocates.
Rhodey raises his hand, palm up to stop him from talking, his mouth into a thin line. “You're banned from roofs. Actually you're not allowed near anything that's high enough to kill you.”
Tony takes his hand again, and Steve gladly accepts it, keeping his grip strong as they walk into the diner.
Tony laughs, freely, head turned back. It's the most beautiful sight Steve has ever seen and will never stop loving seeing.
” It probably comes out harsher than he intends to, but he's a mess of nerves and his chest hurts just from how hard his heart has been beating all this time.
Now the city is safer than ever with Fisk gone; and if anyone tries to come and cause trouble, they will not only have a hot-headed sheriff to deal with, but also Tony wielding the armor. Of course, that begs the issue of Steve getting shot again. But Tony thinks he might have found a solution to that too; will Steve call him crazy for it? Maybe.
Steve follows Bucky's look, and a smile spreads on his face when Tony sniffles softly, before burying his face into Steve's neck. “Completely gone for him.”
“Nothing to talk about, bud. Don't worry about it.” Tony pats him on the chest and then turns around to leave.
“Good. Now if you don't mind I'm going back to the dorm and sleep until the ulcer you just caused me is gone, Tony.”
Steve takes her advise, and takes it on a stride. Makes sure Tony eats a meal three times a day. Moves around the house with his help when he needs too. Snuggles him in the sofa, as they're currently doing, while he takes an afternoon nap that possibly will extend to the evening—and Steve will probably have to wake Tony up for dinner.
Tony regards him pensive for a second. “Somehow the second time around was way better than the first.”
“Oh my god, you might be onto something here.” Natasha continues unhelpfully. She turns fully to face Steve, who at this point is just looking at them like they lost their minds. “Steve, this is a safe place. You can tell us anything, he might be older but he doesn't get to make you do what you don't want.”
