Inside a second voice spoke, and though it was muffled it was decidedly more feminine than the first one. Natacha had been right about the driver’s companion being a woman it seemed.
Ian’s brow furrowed in sympathy. Wordlessly he wiggled back into the seat, leaning so that his blond head rested in the crook of Tony’s shoulder. Tony stiffened in surprise - Ian was not usually as cuddly as his other siblings – but as minutes ticked passed and Ian seemed content there, he slowly relaxed.
Ian’s tone remained the very picture of earnest, but Tony caught the smug beginnings of a smile that he couldn’t quite hide quick enough and the rare glitter of mischief in his eyes. Surprised, Tony barked a laugh and the grin Ian had been fighting blossomed to full body. Fondness bubbled up brightly in Tony’s chest along with the sudden burst of mirth only to sharpen once more into a sudden stab of longing.
him for his pleasure. Not when Steve felt so right, when every thrust drove him deeper into the depths of hot warm wet perfection and filled their ears with the jangle of the coins around his neck. Not when Steve had called him home, after so much of their lives had been set to wandering in search.
The Basilica of Notre Dame made Tony’s skin itch. It was too quiet, in the worst way possible. The kind of quiet that made one aware of the concentrated effort of all those between the walls to be reserved, something Tony had never been very good at. A monk who can’t sit still or abide for very long in silence, earns a lot of reprimands (if you can imagine). So, though it was by far the least dangerous or taxing part of their journey, Tony couldn’t shake the feeling of unease that crawled over his skin sitting in the sanctuary.
NARRATOR: Tonight, hour after hour, by short-wave wireless through the ether and along the cables undersea, Europe looks to the Third Reich with awe and trepidation as Nationalists shake loose the grip of Jewish financiers. As the headlines record every flying fact and rumor, the citizens of a captive Europe watch and wait and try to understand, even as the brave among them begin to muster support for similar action within their own governments. In Berlin...
They ran around the city, delivering the important news that the Führer didn't want the people to know, and X-ing out Nazi propaganda in favor of messages calling for resistance. They went by code names even though many of them were friends with at least one other member in the group, because it was safer in case they were ever caught. That way no one boy or girl could bring the entire group down.
Ian and the other boys were outside now, repeating some experiment they’d performed with Tony. Something about testing for mercury in the water. Steve had already checked on them twice, stalking the grounds until he found them with their heads bent together by the garage. Tools and papers spread out over the same well-worn table they’d built racing boats on.
Steve dropped his head into his hands and cut off a groan that was entirely different from any of the sounds he’d made when he’d been desperate to come. He bit down on his lip but barely felt the sting over the fierce ache in his chest.
"But Tony," James dragged out Tony's name in a whine long enough to almost make Tony regret giving it to him.
“I like taking care of you,” he heard himself admit, dragging his hand down that inviting flesh. It was warm beneath his palm.
“I wish it was different Stefen I really do. If it were, I’d have let you go on thinking I was dumb as a rock. I’d have never said a word about you making eyes at your monk and let you fuck him and anyone else if that’s what brought you back to us. But there’s too much at stake. You’ve got to marry Charlotte and you’re going to mess that up if you aren’t careful.”
came to me, Tony,” Nik replied, drawing out the man’s name with a poignant look and Tony halted mid breath.
"I thought you kids wanted a Christmas tree?" he hollered, and the children enthusiastically replied that they did. " Let's get this wagon train moving then."
Tony hurried to the window aghast at the thought of one of the captain’s children dangling from his window in the middle of a thunderstorm. By the time he’d opened it and undone the twine around the shutters latch he was practically shaking, and his nerves were only further strained when opening the damn things nearly knocked the boy off his precarious perch.
“You’re a fraud Captain Rogers.” He teased through hitched breath. “If Austria had any idea how duplicitous you really are.”
He kept telling himself that… But his arms held Stefen in the quiet hours before sunrise like someone who knew time was an hourglass.
He nodded and Steve watched Péter bolt up the stairs, his ruck sack nearly spilling over, calling for Natacha before he even got the door open.
Peter shrugged, continuing his work as if his departure in the morning didn’t loom over them and it was inconsequential whether he was ready or not.
“I’m a Stark. If I can build a fully weaponized ship I can build a puppet Hammer.” Turning back to the children Tony said, “But I don’t think I can teach you if you’ll all be too sad.”
He left Tony and Ian then, his human scarf trailing behind. Ian had not seemed bothered by his departure, concentrating hard as he was on his tasked. Back and forth. Back and forth.
“The book of Ruth.” He answered. And then, because Péter was a warm body pressed up against his with such a sweetness in his eyes it put Tony’s earlier thoughts to shame, he heard himself say, “My mother would get awfully maudlin around this time of year. She’d put me to bed and tell me ‘no magazines tonight Tony; but do you want to hear about the greatest adventure of them all?’ Are you familiar with the story, Péter?”
She turned in a swirl of skirts, gone almost as quickly as she'd arrived and Tony could only blink at the closing door behind her.
Steve hummed in acknowledgment, looking back up him from where he was fishing idly in his pocket for their room key. Agreeing to a suicide mission or not Bucky wasn’t going to let Steve off the hook that easy.
"Save it." Bucky interrupted with a growl, turning away from him to shove the key in the ignition and start the truck with a rumble.  "I know you Stark. I'm not Stefen. I don't want any of your tricks on my watch."
A better man maybe wouldn’t have wanted it at all, but Steve only held back because behind that fire in Tony’s eyes he saw hurt and the words kept ringing in his ears.
She’d guided him to bed many nights and most of them he barely seemed to recognize where he was, let alone who she was.
James paused, debating for a moment more before he sighed and snatched up his sketchbook and grumpily replied, “so long as mine has cream. I suppose I could be trapped in my room for
"Where are the children?" he asked, standing by the time she'd reached his side, eyes raking over the cafe as it emptied with an increasing sense of unease.
“It'll be fine, Sir. I’m just a poor man, not a wanted one.” Sam laid a hand on his shoulder briefly, too aware of the houses numerous eyes. He was right. He wasn’t a wanted man. No not yet.
It was accepting. There was no fall because he'd been expecting this and nothing better, because he'd learned long ago not to put his faith in others or else face bitter disappointment.
Fifteen years later and Rogers would be sitting across from Dvořák suggesting they murder their Supreme Leader; and through his shock all Dvořák could think was, of course it would be you.
“There’s nothing more dangerous. The Germans know that. Now that Austria has become a part of the Reichland it is only a matter of time before they insist the Captain take up an active post. Only this time it will be under a Nazi flag.”
“But you met him, right?” Ian ventured after a long moment of silence. “And he was as smart as they all said he was?”
There was no way that Steve would allow any doctor selected by Striker or anyone else in the Nazi party anywhere within five feet of his children but he’d known then that Striker wasn’t going to give him a choice; he’d force the issue unless Steve gave him something.
Stefen drew in a short breath, and Tony’s eyes flew to the unconscious movement of his thumb brushing around the mark of teeth in his apple.
He should wait, he thought even as he slid onto the bench, fingers twitching with anticipation. He should wait until he had permission, or at the very least until after he was introduced to the family. Still, he found himself sliding his palm over the lid, found his fingers continually brushing the pale keys that begged to sing for him.
Khalmmer’s expression hardly changed before he was slapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder once more and dared to keep it there. Why did he keep touching him? Steve wondered, his back going stiff. Khalmmer glanced over his shoulder and into the crowd for a moment before he turned and fixed Steve with an unreadable expression.
Tony had no time to properly feel the rush of relief that swept through him, realizing that the police were not there for him but for Wanda and Pietro, because his thoughts too quickly moved on to what would happen if they were discovered. They’d go back to Dachau, back to being experimented on and whatever other horrors they’d witnessed there. Stefen would be arrested and the children… it didn’t bear thinking about. There was no time!
And so what if it had never occurred to him to tell Tony he intended to ask the baroness to marry him? It wasn't as if Tony could marry him, and it wasn't like Tony hadn't been aware he and Charlotte were seeing each other.  Appearances had to be kept, and Stefen had said quite staunchly that appearances had nothing to do with how they felt about one another. Stefen had promised not to abandon him and he was a man who kept his word.
How dinner had become a firing zone he wasn't sure, but let that be the end of it. He resumed eating. The quicker he finished the better, he wasn't sure how much more of Herr Stark's prattle he could-
Hours later, when he made it back upstairs he found the men curled into their bags on the floor asleep. Steve gave the apartment several sweeps but eventually settled on the fact that his sketch was missing. A strange feeling of panic swelled up inside him until a throat, softly cleared and he realized that not all the men were asleep. Bucky was awake and curled up on the spot beside the window that had somehow become theirs. He was watching Steve, the glow from his cigarette illuminating his face in the darkness and Steve held his gaze. For the first time, Steve thought that the look in Bucky’s eyes resembled one of pity.
Steve blinked slowly. His own name swam up from the cobwebs of his mind. He licked dry lips, a tiny burst of something strange and euphoric bubbling in his chest when it came to him.
Two days was not long enough to get to hold Stefen or have a chance to impart the depths of his feelings. There weren’t words for it, though love came terrifyingly close. But Tony couldn’t stand before Captain Rogers, or Major Rogers rather, of His Excellencies Army, and confess to be in love with him, though it was painfully obvious that he must be.
Tony leaned back and took a deep breath, filling his lungs with air, and then released it in a long practiced yodel. He felt a little silly at first but it had the desired effect as one by one the children sat up, their interest piqued, looking to one another for permission to join in. The captain had stated for a fact that yelling was not allowed in the household and he was banking on the children’s natural bent towards the mischievous to be on his side here.
He finished the last of the abbot’s letter with a flourish and shuffled his papers, beginning again on his letter to the captain. Three pages about the mouse Artur had found ought to please him. The captain would enjoy reading the mathematical weight and length of the mouse as well as the ratio at which the little boy had held the creature to the ground. Tony had even drawn a picture.
And that is why Natacha found him hours later stooped over a table in the day room transforming the curtain’s Hammer had instructed the maids to throw away after James’ fit into seven pairs of matching jumpers.
“On a dockside.” Tony threw up his hands in a gesture of surrender as Stefen’s glare intensified. “I’m not lying. Hamburg, red-light district. The girls there know how to show a sailor a good time.”
“And now, here to sing for you the songs of childhood, it’s with the greatest pride that I introduce to you the most precious treasure I have to offer. The Rogers Family Singers.”
*None of these images belong to me, they have been shared graciously with the public by numerous photo and touristy blogs.
His last clear memory of her there was from before the days of fever. He could recall her perfectly: back straight, fingers gliding over the keys. It had been raining, Natacha and Péter had whined all day about being cooped up indoors. Even Ian had kicked up a strop, only to eventually wander off to curl under a blanket and listen to his mother play.
Stefen blinked before slowly, nodding again, turning his head slightly to rest his cheek against the crown of Tony’s head.
The Baroness knew how to fight dirty, that was clear. But she would learn. Tony could fight dirty too.
A soft sound in the hall behind him made him go stiff once more and he turned only to find Natacha standing there, still in her pristine uniform, the Nazi insignia curled against her breast like a crouching spider.
Tony swallowed thickly but couldn’t immediately answer. He had wondered - especially after Yinsen - it was just that, he’d always assumed being sent away to a monastery was his father’s way of punishing him. For not being the kind of man at seventeen that Hughard had always thought he should be. For not being ready or willing to see Stark Industries through war time; but mostly as punishment for feeling more Italian than German and rejecting good German blood (for rejecting Hughard). Like many of the German people who had settled in Pola, Hughard had thought himself superior to everyone else. Tony’s father used to say the only thing worse than a lazy Croat was a lazy
“No, it’s Herr Boesch, who brings the milk. Well the order didn’t come this morning which I told Frau Hogan was terribly unprofessional.” Hammer began to explain in a rush of excitement. He paused only momentarily at the sound of Pepper’s rapid footsteps and the woman’s appearance in the kitchen door, Harold just behind her.
The clock chimed again in warning and Ian sighed and stepped away from the mirror. A tall young man in a smart uniform, hair perfectly slicked looked back at him. He looked right. He looked ready to march in the parade and see the soldiers off. He looked like a soldier himself, like he’d be ready to join them if they asked.
had always been synonymous in Hughard’s mind. So maybe Tony had always been doomed to disappoint him – to be the irritatingly consistent reminder that Hughard had climbed into bed with the enemy and that such actions bore dangerous consequences. For Hughard, Hamburg was home and their villa in Pola had been delegated as ‘the summer house’.
"Li' ha' eer!" Bucky's shout knocked through her thoughts like a slammed door - the door to her father's room bouncing on its hinges and coming to rest with a thud, almost not even registering - as she looked up from her knees and met his wild eyes with her own.
There were only three things on Steve's mind (circled around as if it was tied to a merry-go-round) and in no particular order.
Péter closed his eyes and swallowed down the lump in his throat, pushed the fear down with it with gritted teeth.
One shouldn’t be out done after all but it wasn't the order of things. Officers were meant to be separate for a reason. Outside of uniform was one thing but despite Major Rogers thoughts on the matter, the soldiers respected them because they were worlds apart. Like gods really, all knowing and ever present. They weren't meant to be shacking up with the troops over cards for God’s sake.
The admission didn’t surprise Tony, though he felt a similar twist of anguish in his gut as he’d felt when Farkas had said something along the same lines. All the birds truly were flying the coop.
"It was Johann again wasn't it?" Ian growled, laying a worried hand on his shoulder, eyes already searching the square for a glimpse of Johann. That was just what Péter needed. His younger brother defending his honor and making him look even more pathetic.
“It paid the best, when you could find someone willing to give you a shift or two,” Bakhuizen filled in, waving the cigarette he held precisely between two fingers. “Stefen’s right, it was miserable. I prefer not to think about it. Let’s change the subject.”
Bakhuizen pulled out his violin, plucking at it for a few moments before beginning a humming lilting tune, his eyes shut and fingers flying. He really was very good Tony thought distractedly. Able to paint words with his bow, it was no wonder he was in high demand as a musician and producer. The music curled around them easing Tony into a state of ease he'd not felt in months.
No. He was not all right! In a matter of minutes he would have to strangle his only brother in front of his babies. Stefen couldn’t have. But he had! Bucky
Stefen shouldn't promise things like that. Ian might believe him. Might think Stefen had a choice when he didn’t.
“Why not, because I’m a girl? You know Péter despite what they teach us in eugenics class girls can be interested in science too.” she drawled and Péter winced. Way to stick his foot in his mouth.
Maria's face crumpled as tears began to slide down her cheeks anew and Tony sighed. He caught Stefen looking at them, and the captain quickly jerked his eyes away. Tightening his lips Tony strode toward him.
“There’s going to be war. But we’re too close to the last one and the Führer worries the people may rebel, especially in Austria. He’s pushing hard now to cement their support.”
Natacha and Péter immediately perked up, squabble forgotten. The captain, Tony noticed, sat straighter in his chair, a tension appearing around the lines of his mouth that had not been there a moment before.
"Tu devi prenderti cura di noi," she whispered. It was easier to speak in Italian. Tony was teaching them all, but she was the best at it and that made him proud of her. It made her feel braver, just speaking words that the people around her couldn't understand unless she wanted them to.
"But you boys must be excited for the party!" he commented, expecting the whoop of good cheer he got from Artur but not the non-committal shrug he got from James.
“Herr Stark. I think something else would be more...appropriate.” Pepper caught his eye shaking her head slightly, a warning that looked far more like sadness in her eyes, and Tony couldn’t miss that he was back to being Herr Stark.
He sagged against the wall and rested his head, his breathing shaky as he righted himself, body thrumming with pins and needles. He’d thought release would make him feel better, but the aftermath just left him feeling torn and raw. He’d felt similar in Berlin, like someone had taken a knife and begun peeling his skin with every shock of pleasure that had shot through his body.
“Charlotte.” He leaned forwards, clasping her hand again. She clutched at it, fingers spasming against his palm, her grip strong.
- But she's not living in a perfect world (sadly). She lost her mother and in a lot of ways her father too, and she's living in a time where her very humanity is being stripped away and with all of those forces tugging at her it's no surprise she's lost a lot of herself. Hopefully, as Natasha's journey continues you'll begin to see her win more of herself back and become a woman of her own choosing. A woman that both she, that skinny boy who never stayed down, and the fearless woman who gave her life, can be proud of.
"I've purchased a house in Geneva." He continued softly, determined to stay his course. Her eyes widened in response, lips parting around the rim of her tea cup. Steve noticed that there were little lambs painted in blue ink dancing across the fine china. He felt like that he thought with dark amusement, like a fat lamb being led to slaughter.
A call rang out in the stillness and then a pair of boots thudded loudly as someone marched toward them on the empty street. Steve tensed, dropping the single bead and pocketing the pouch. He ordered the men to be ready with a raise of his hand, but the group of men huddled in the back of the covered truck with him barely needed it. Around him hands clutched rifles tighter to chests and fingers rested ready, the lot of them hardly daring to breathe.
It made some of the tension in him ease, a small smile of pride forming as he watched her ignore the wide-eyed gasps of her friends and stride toward Joshua, hand held out imperiously in demand of one of the ties.
“Love him still,” he finished softly, and Tony froze for a moment, eventually nodding his head slowly in agreement.
“How much?!” he barked, though he tried his hardest to wrangle his tone to something approaching calm, so he wouldn’t frighten her.
Humiliated, she dropped to her knees and began to frantically scoop up the spilled almond powder. Her heart was pounding painfully hard in her chest and she didn’t know why. Didn’t like it, or the fact that her hands were clumsy and wouldn’t stop shaking.
“He got better eventually but there was a war on and everybody’s still starving. So your father says ‘let’s go to and find my father.’ The uncles are mad. They say we don’t need help from a gaje but they’re wrong; so we go and I can see it in the eyes of our mother’s, how they’re wondering if they’ll ever see us again.
Tony departed with a wink, shutting the door to Péter’s bedroom behind him with a quiet click. He went to the kitchen first to fetch the necessary supplies, where Willamina was finishing the preparations for supper and grumbled at him for being in the way until he complimented the delicious smell of her cooking and the equally delightful shape of her figure that fine day. She seemed more cheerful then, even though she shooed him away.
“Is Father alright? Does he need me?” Tony heard her whisper and he watched as the housekeeper placed a hand on her back and the two seemed to share an entire conversation with furtive glances alone before Frau Hogan quietly murmured, “he’s attending some business in his study. He has his duties and we have ours. The best way to help him is to see to them, yes? Go on now.”
“It’s crazy. We know it. I’ve told them we need to scale back but it’s what the Führer wants.” The man shrugged helplessly as if to say, ‘what can you do’, and Hoch cleared his throat.
Clapping his hands together smartly Tony pushed himself up and climbed off the bed with renewed purpose.
“Jobs are needed, absolutely, which is why more support should be given to the sciences. Industry is how we employ the public.” Tony was saying to Stefen’s suggestion that the previous years of civil unrest and poverty that had plagued the country was rooted in a lack of support for the common man. “As many people as you pay to think it, you employ ten times that to build it Captain.”
Tony recalled Bucky’s odd behavior at dinner with sad realization. He was sure that was what he’d witnessed, Bucky had been leaving food out for the dead. Tony didn’t have overly warm memories of boyhood Christmases. Hughard had always been busy and Christmas was no exception, and his mother was always melancholy from missing her family. He’d resented them for that as a child. For not being able to put themselves aside and making Christmas as joyous as everyone else claimed it could be. He was ashamed of that now.
It was the return of that deep resigned sadness in Nik’s voice that frightened him the most. Tony turned to glare at him.
“Yes, a very good thing. Minding your brother is a virtue as old as Cain and Able. It's the brother who doesn't mind that you have to watch out for.” Stefen was looking at him as if Tony were some sort of miracle happening right before his eyes and Tony felt his mouth soften into a smile. He winked at him before going on.
Bucky whispered in his left. Steve shuddered, clenching his teeth tight around the protest that battered at his teeth. If Bucky were there, he’d say that it was her choice to make.
“On that we agree.” Coulson interjected as Stefen took a breath to argue. The three men turned and stared at him incredulous. “I came here because I honestly believe ferreting the book out of the country with an untrained operative is the best shot we have. The three of you for various reasons are already on their watch list, but I know you know others.”
“Let’s get moving.” Bucky growled as Tony opened his mouth to respond. He set off toward where a sleek Blitz truck was parked, leaving Tony and Clint to scramble behind him. Tony wondered how he’d explain Cardinal Rossi arriving in such a beast, but thought better of asking. Bucky wouldn’t answer, and Tony wasn't about to give him any more ammunition for grumbling. He’d think of something. Tony always thought of something.
“I was terrified,” Tony answered easily, simply, as if that was okay. Peter’s shoulders let go some of their tension.
The shouting out in the hall had picked up again. She distinctly heard Frau Hogan and Charlotte, and now Bucky's sleep heavy voice was leaking in through the door left ajar, making harsh demands. She wished she could block them all out, that they'd all just be silent for once. All they did was talk. Nobody ever did anything to make the things they shouted about
The children rushed from the kitchen, their voices climbing on top of each other as they bullied their way into the sitting room to find tree lit up in candles and gold and silver ornaments, a mountain of gifts at its feet. They attacked them with gusto, and Tony did his best to help Charlotte sort them out and make sure each child got the right set of gifts. While it was clear that Pepper had spared no expense when it came to sweet things and a gaggle of toys, Tony wasn’t surprised in the least that the bulk of the children’s gifts were practical items like new clothes and warm socks. She’d gotten Ian and Péter sturdy pen knives, and small fishing poles for Artur and James. Tony knew for a fact that she didn’t know the first thing about knitting but Natacha seemed very satisfied with her knitting needles and a variety of yarns.
Grig came bustling in at half past eight, his coat half buttoned, barely pausing to be sure the door was closed behind him. The chill his entrance brought over Steve’s skin was felt through the entire room, as conversations tapered off and sudden silence descended in the kitchen.
“Yes, she was one of my best clients and an even better friend.” She winked at Natacha before turning her attention to the other children who were eager to be introduced and bask in her attention.
"There's no room for it love," she said with the air of someone repeating herself and Artur clutched the thing tighter and turned desperate eyes to Tony.
The ring leaders first. Tony skittered to a stop in front of Natacha’s room, pausing to knock on the door. He waited for an answer and when none came twisted the knob and let the door swing open. The room was pristine except for the hair trinkets she'd left out and a few of her GMC magazines.
It was a barely missed step but still a missed one as Frau Hogan huffed a startled laugh but she quickly regained her footing as she began to lead him toward the stairs, leaving him no option but to follow.
“B-But Joshua is not!” Willamina insisted, clutching at the collar of her blouse. “He’s a catholic, same as anybody.”
"How awful." The Baroness murmured, and Deiter's stomach clenched tightly with anxiety as he recognized the threat of tears in her voice. "I'm sorry I don't mean to make a spectacle. It's just that the children have been through so much. And I've heard such horrible rumors. I hardly know who or what to trust anymore."
Steve had been as open as he dared in expressing his desires. And while he was certain that Stark returned them; desire was all well and good but the man's feelings were harder to discern. He was not such a fool to think that he could wander down this particular avenue with his children's tutor without achieving some balance between the two. The children needed Tony and Steve would never be so selfish as to jeopardize their well being over a thing like lust.
The chatter from the other men died down, the smiles sliding off of their faces in chagrin, reminded of what their captain faced if they failed in their task. Any plan they’d had to sneak into Dachau and extract Rogers, they’d had to give up on given how heavily the security had increased at the camp. The Reich wasn’t taking any chances with their most high-profile prisoner, and with so few numbers, their only real chance was to try and grab him during transit. But their enemy would be anticipating just such a move. The Gestapo was bound to stop and question anyone on the roads that day. The resistance needed cover, and that was where Vis came in handy.
“What I think is, I saw one war and I’m not keen on seeing another.” Willamina shot back, rising from her seat on a tired sigh and ambling towards the coffee on the counter near the stove.
“He took off when your Da was Ian’s age, thought he’d earn more money without the family in tow. The money came in at first, every few months your Baka would get a parcel with some coins hidden in it. Wasn’t much but it meant we ate that day.
“You’re right Buck.” Steve said with a blink and an air of finality that didn’t do much to comfort Bucky. “You were right all along. They take everything… but they can’t have this.”
Péter wasn't stupid. He knew what would happen if people found out, but that was now. Before, that had been his father's choice because he'd been ashamed. Well, Péter wasn't ashamed. He wanted to talk to Wanda and Pietro because he didn't know any other gypsies besides his family, and he might never get another chance.
Tony had retreated to his workshop after the meeting with Stefen and Bucky. The children had already been helped to their rooms and tucked away. Tony doubted sincerely that they would actually sleep for hours yet but that was hardly the point. They just needed to be somewhere safe and out of the way while the adults quietly broke down and reassembled themselves with a plan come morning.
“Honestly? I don’t know what to think. It’s unclean isn’t it? Can’t say I like thinking about it.” Bucky grunted and Steve flinched.
Tony ignored his grumbling and leaned over them to flip off the radio, plunging the cabin into silence. It felt wrong somehow, a shivery sort of panic crawling through him at the loss of voices from the outside, but he forced the feeling down.
“Stefen, I am as upset as you are that the children disobeyed us,” Tony began, his voice drawing Stefen forward, out of the dark tunnel he’d fallen into. Good.  He blinked, the light pricking at his eyes as the crisp fall morning and the streets of the Riviera came back into focus. A pale blue sky looked down upon the tree lined streets, encompassing them in rolling waves of red and gold. The influence of the Austro-Hungarian empire was so strongly visible here in the baroque buildings; it felt a bit like they’d stepped out of a dream and were back at home in Salzburg.
He finished playing one song, and while the audience applauded, he swiped the glass of wine perched atop the piano and downed about half of it to settle his nerves.
The captain's study was equally sparse, but it wasn't colder for it. The lack of heavy furnishings made the small room seem open and spacious and Tony could imagine that the light when daylight spilled in from the large windows reached every corner of the room. Late at night the view of the back gardens and the lake beyond under a starlit sky was a painter’s dream.
"You got any more tricks in that case of yours?" Bucky asked, a wild sort of roundness in his eye that made Tony think he was as close to panic as he ever got.  He could commiserate. In answer Tony turned around, praying he wasn't about to be shot and shimmied his way through the shattered back window.
“It’s the most efficient way, Herr Stark. The grounds are very extensive and I will not have everyone shouting for one another. Learn to use it.” He held out the whistle to Tony and when he didn’t immediately reach to take it Rogers nodded to his mini gestapo. “The children will help you".
He heard the crack of the bat, hitting frail bone. Herd one of the girls, Maria he thought, let out a horrified gasp but he couldn’t look at any of them.  Those dark spots were dancing in front of his eyes and Tony kept hearing those officers from his childhood cursing Yinsen as they beat him into the ground.
There would only be one or two local policemen. The evening patrol was light that night, prearranged by their man at the department of police. They’d not wanted to draw too much attention by leaving the area unassigned for too long in case someone came asking questions later.  Any brief laps in security could be explained away as poor planning or the result of a lack of men.
Tony shifts, and Steve snatches his arm, running his lips over the wrist and down Tony’s fingeres before wrapping Tony’s arm around himself. Steve was perfectly cinched between Tony and the sheets. He turned his head just enough to capture Tony’s mouth, slow but desperate all the same.
“They are having a lesson with Herr Stark.” Virginia confirmed slowly and before Steve could dwell too much on his confusion Justin opened his mouth and launched into a long winded tirade.
Steve allowed it to happen, because the music room had two exits (the main door and the serving door) and because Virginia didn’t give him much choice. He helped with the moving of mattresses and gathering of blankets as they got everyone settled into music room. Glad to have a plan of action again, finding each menial task soothing.
“You weren't able to hear them properly yesterday. We've been learning more complex melodies recently and I think you might enjoy them.”
“You hear that Bakhuizen! Duty calls!” another voice said, and then in the din, Bucky’s voice rising above the others. Full of laughter.
"We learned about germs and how to spot the signs of sickness.” He explained. “An astute diagnosis to be sure. You may have a future nurse on your hands Cap."
“She told me I sounded very English, and that I would fit right in at home.” Charlotte chuckled sadly. “In a way, I’m glad for all the upset. She’s so stubborn I don’t know that I could have held up against her much longer.”
“Tony,” he murmured, something intent about it, his gaze narrowing on Tony's face with intense scrutiny as he raised a hand to brush his fingers gently against the swell of Tony's cheek. The touch, so unexpected, felt like fire against his skin.
"I think we'll have an early night tonight. It's been a trying day." Stefen announced suddenly and Tony’s eyebrows shot up. It was only half past four.
Although as it turned out, it was looking less like that was going to be the case because the captain pinned him with the hardest look Tony had ever been given. It made him very much doubt that Rogers was finding any satisfaction with Tony’s presence. A suspicion confirmed when next he said, “I told the Father Abbot I was in need of the most educated monk he was in possession of, nothing le-”
Pepper took a sip from her glass and asked if Maria wouldn't like to learn something else, painting perhaps. Which Tony thought was rather presumptuous of her. He could draw well enough, at least when it came to designing boats and machine parts, but he wouldn’t exactly call himself an artist. She had not rejected any of the other children’s suggestions; even Péter’s potentially dangerous notion of learning chemistry so there was no reason to stifle Maria’s hope to learn something of music.
morning exercise. If you can imagine,” Tony drawled, grinning at the irritated huff of breath in his ear. “Really you’ve only you to blame for this Captain. If you didn’t insist on setting such unbearably high expectations for manhood the rest of us might feel more confident in our own skins.”
“Péter volunteered to take a patrol tonight,” Emil was quick to inform her and behind her back she heard his friends snickering. Natacha could have kicked Péter just then.
He wasn’t really there, no matter how much Steve wanted him to be. He knew that. Tony was gone - Oh god! Tony wasn’t there because he was at Dachau. In a ditch, body burnt beyond all recognition.
Weren’t they all, Tony thought with a dry twist of his mouth. Sieger eyed Tony distrustfully, resuming his pacing as he muttered, “The sooner all this calms down the better. You’ll see.”
"Let go, Tacha!" he demanded and her lips curled in a snarl of disgust, not at him, but at the sudden stinging of tears in her eyes. "I have to get to-"
"That's the second time they've come asking after the Captain." Herr Hammer's voice whispered through the crack beneath the window and Natacha pressed her ear closer, ignoring the scratch of the wood against her cheek and the cold seeping through her coat.
And, Tony thought, likely as unable to sleep as he was, but he stayed silent as Willamina tutted and brought down a glass despite Stefen's protests and poured him a cup from a pitcher on the counter.
Secondly, we just wanted to give you a brief overview of what you can expect going forward. Would you believe we have already passed the half way point? The narrative is split into three distinctive arcs and we're only a few chapters from dropping full tilt into the third wave. If I had to give this final push a title I'd call it "The War" which should tell you everything you need to know. This is also where the story deviates the most from Sound of Music and comes to resemble what we both love most about Avengers fic. In it, you're going to see Tony and Steve both emerge as heroes in their own ways, but it's going to cost them in ways they can't yet imagine. War is dark and given present times, we both felt strongly that it was important not to hide from what made this particular war dark and so important to fight. That said, it won't be all shadows. We promise moments of light and continued fluff, as well as visits (large and small) from some beloved characters we felt would enrich the world we've created. You may have spotted a few visitors already.
“I have prayed for forty-one years that god would bring you home to us, and that I would not always be making up for lost time. Perhaps God has finally answered my prayers.”
“Alright. Alright. I’m sorry.” Bucky glanced around, lowering his voice before he continued. “Dr. Leshner, big time geneticist over in Germany before Hitler came to power. Guy‘s a Jew so eventually he’s out a job. But the Nazi’s want something from him. They take him and his entire family into custody and nobody hears a peep out of them for months. But a few weeks ago there’s a jail break. The wife catches a bullet but the kids get out. Leshner’sgot a friend in London who is willing to give them shelter but we’ve got to get them there first and they can’t travel in the open. That enough for you?”
“You boom right back.” At the seven (minus two lumps under the covers) pairs of eyes that met him with disbelief he nodded, getting up on his knees. “It’s easy. We can be way louder than a little thunder. Happier about it too, watch.”
Tony sighs, staring out of the shelter he's put up for the night. The "shelter" is more of a patchwork tent, stitched together and worn thin from the abysmal weather, but he has had to make do.
"I know, Sir," JARVIS says, understanding immediately like he always does. Tony isn't sure if the AI really
"Certainly," JARVIS answers, and then the soft sound of Fabrizio Paterlini trickles out of the watch.
He realized how close the other man was from him.  Tony's eyes were bright as flares, even in the darkness.  Like the ocean at night, or something.  Like the universe, which you would at first describe as pitch black, before seeing all the stars sprinkled across it.
This was nothing like the first kiss when they had first come to the laser tag arena - the first kiss had been full of this fiery, melting passion.  This?  This was like Tony was trying to carefully tug the breath from Steve's mouth with each little movement, a warm calloused
Steve lowers his shield, and in turn his guard, wiping a gloved hand over his hair.  It's matted and sticks to his forehead. It's probably grimy, too. He frowns.
The breathing came closer, and Steve's pulse hammered in his throat as a warm arm slunk around his waist.  "Hey, soldier."  Suddenly, the darkness was all too thick and hot and his mind slowed to a crawl, like wading through mud.  He felt the rifle being taken from his grip but was too focused on the warm puffs of breath against his neck to protest.
and he coughs roughly, gagging on bile. He looks around blearily, not really registering anything before realizing with a start that he doesn't know where he is.
"I should tell Pepper about the shit you pulled today," Rhodey replied as he scooped pasta sauce onto the steaming bowls of spaghetti noodles on the counter.  "She'd give you a mouthful for being so ridiculous."
Tony mocks him, backing away.  He won't turn his back on Steve, and that hurts more than it should.  "Go away, Steve. I'm busy. Working."
Steve laughs a little; there is what he might miss, that dry humor that is so uniquely Tony.  Sharon is funny, but she lacks the charisma that Tony has - the way it draws laughter from Steve nearly without him realizing it.
Steve couldn't believe he was doing this again.  Plastic gun cold in his hands, heart pounding, ears and eyes alert in the darkness of LaserTech Arena.  His vest was snug against his chest, buckles tight.  And this time, there was no flag pressed against his shirt.  To be frank, he was disappointed that a cheery Clint had offered to take it, although he knew the archer couldn't have known how that would make him feel.
Tony glares at him, because Tony makes things about himself, that's what he does.  Forget Joe Rogers. Forget the drinking. Howard's off-limits, but so was alcohol, wasn't it?
His best friend gives him a look.  "For somethin' other than running or buyin' groceries.  When's the last time you talked to someone besides me or Sam?  And people from government agencies don't count."
Steve softens, just a bit.  But only a bit. "I'll have FRIDAY keep you out of the penthouse bar from now on, okay?"
Rhodey wasn't even going to try anymore.  If Fate wanted those two fools to be together, they'd be together.  And if not...he supposed forty excruciating years of Tony-pining couldn't be
"Yeah." Tony taps his chest lightly with a finger. "What'd you do, shoot me up with the good stuff?"
even wishes that Steve hadn't found him…. That he'd died like that, collapsed amongst the rubble, shirt blooming a deep red.
The gala comes around and Steve asks Sharon to come with him.  She agrees eagerly, and he meets her at her apartment door at five thirty on the dot, with a golden cumberbund tucked in his chest pocket and she in a slinky, sparkling golden dress.
did he put his knife, like, honestly – oh, there it is. Fingers are pulling at his hair and Tony twists around on the floor, blinking back black spots, and jams the knife all the way to the hilt into the zombie's chest.
He lands on his arms and knees and rolls onto his back just as the Rite Aid explodes in front of him. On instinct, he covers his face with his arms and curls himself into a ball just as he's pelted with a shower of glass.
She's beautiful - not quite his type, but beautiful.  Beautiful enough that he offers her his arm and compliments her and means every single word of it.
Steve's demeanor changes, the warmth slipping away to be replaced by something more analytical. A thinking face. "A lot of zombies were drawn to Stark's blast," he says. His words lack an accusatory tone, but Tony's face burns red in shame. "The city's crawling with zombies from the next county over. But, for now, we're safe. They're mostly coming from the west and staying there."
Tony winces. Steve had said earlier that zombies were crowding in from the west, most likely flocking to the site of the explosion. While there will probably be masses of zombies on the other side of the highway, he doesn't doubt that there will be zombies near the Blick as well.
Finally, Steve types in his code and enters the shop, smiling as Tony's head jerks up in surprise.  "Hey," he says. "I brought you something."
a kiss?  Steve, it's impossible to perfectly describe how you feel about Tony because I'm not you, but you can't really be stupid enough to think I'm blind, either."
"Breakfast is in two minutes," Natasha says from beside him. "The door will be open, but you'll have to settle for the scraps if you're late."
He's still thinking about this, chuckling quietly to himself, when there's the hiss of a door swinging open, and then a clatter from behind the counter.
In the end, they never officially break it off.  They just start visiting each other less and less, and less, and then it's like they were never together in the first place.  They talk to each other even less than they talk to the other Avengers, now, and when Steve goes down for uniform or shield repairs, they are friendly and cordial and exactly everything the world assumes them to be.
As promised, Steve returns to the penthouse promptly after his run and showers, toweling his hair off and changing into some comfy clothing before coming over to the bed.  It's almost nine am, and still early, so it doesn't surprise him to see that Tony's gone to sleep again.
"You don't owe me anything," Steve says slowly. "I didn't save your life so that you'd have to pay me back."
He wishes he could return to the mansion for a day, if only to visit his workshop. His weapons have proved effective against the zombies, but given more adequate resources, he could probably build himself a taser and longer-range artillery. Not that Howard would ever let him back into his old home, of course.
He'll regret it later, alongside all the other things he'll regret, but for now Steve just knows when he's not wanted.  "I'll come back later," he promises quietly.
Here's another thing about Steve: he remembers the times when he was a kid and his dad would pick him up and sit him on his shoulders.  Joe Rogers wasn't always a bad guy. So it was the drink, it must have been. And he looks at Tony and he sees his father in him and he can't lose Tony to it too.  He can't look at his boyfriend every day and wonder if sooner or later Tony will bring him down too.
fine.  He still sees Tony in the Tower and on the battlefield, and sometimes Tony takes a step toward him and opens his mouth like he'd like to say something - but then he always stops, and something Steve can't decipher passes through his gaze, and then he fades into the shadows again like a ghost.
Steve wonders, and admits privately that he could never see Tony raising a child.  Maybe it's just another misjudgment he tended to make when it came to Stark.  Like how he once thought Tony would never lay on the wire to let another man crawl over, and then - almost like the universe was playing some sick cosmic joke - Tony proved Steve wrong
- a man who can't even keep the one fucking promise he made to Steve, to not drink, to not become one of the countless Howard Starks or Joe Rogerses of the world.  Where is the man from this morning?
does not like him. He's not entirely sure why, though – maybe she's upset that she's had to waste valuable resources on him? Maybe this safehouse is near the Rite Aid he'd blown up, and she's angry that he's drawn zombies' attention? Or, maybe, she knows him from the Before – from before the apocalypse. A lot of people hated him before the apocalypse.
"Tony, that's not allowed," Steve couldn't help but reprimand.  "You know once you get shot that you aren't allowed to do anything until your vest lights back up.  Especially not...taking it off."  Immediately, he thought of Tony taking other things off and firmly told himself to be the virtuous Captain America the world expected him to be.  Not...Steve Rogers.  Not the Steve Rogers with wants and desires.
There's a lull in the conversation as everyone pauses to digest this information. Tony wonders what they're all thinking – are they pitying him, poor little rich boy, thrown out on his ass into a world he wasn't prepared for? Or do they despise him even more now, for somehow having managed to survive for so long when he's probably the last person who deserves so many second chances at life? Maybe they're even wondering how despicable he is, that even his own father didn't want him in the house during an apocalypse.
Tony smiles fondly. Believe it or not, but he hadn't actually programmed JARVIS with that response. It had somehow just become a thing –
"I altered the frequency of the sensor in order to slow ionisation," Bruce murmurs, "to create an inverse Synchrotron effect. But a majority of the mesons disintegrated. I couldn't transfer the relativistic energy to the photons or the electrons would die out."
Vaguely, he can feel his knees hitting the ground and something hot leaking down the side of his uniform.  It's sticky -
Tony nods, shrugs. "Yeah. The quiet's nice. I hate talking to myself, but...it's peaceful sometimes."
he thinks he says, or maybe he only thinks it.  He tries to reach for the brown in the sky above him.  His hand twitches upward.
What would their kid look and be like, if they could ever have one?  Maybe with Tony's nose and eyes and brain, and Steve's jaw and artist genes and perfect teeth.  And perhaps with a double dose of stubbornness, because they never backed down from a fight, not even when it was stupid not to.
The morning is lovely. The weather is brisk, the sky is a cool blue so pale that it almost appears white. Tony's breath mists out into the air as he exhales. In the distance, the highway disappears into a mass of rolling fog.
"Hey, Shellhead," Steve will reply fondly, wrapping his arm around the hard outer shell of Tony's suit.  Then they'll walk back to the SHIELD quinjet, even though Tony can easily fly back to the Compound by himself and they don't necessarily need to make contact.
"Can you play some music?" he says, lying back so that he's bisected at the neck, his head sticking out of the tent flaps so that he can stare up at the stars. "You know what I like. Your pick, JARV."
"So, Stark," Clint says, "you never answered Bruce's question. Why'd you decide to come all the way out here? I thought all the mega rich folks were cooped up in their mansions." He says
enjoyed his newfound independence in a morbid sort of way. There are downsides, of course, like the dangers of traveling (and alone at that) when he could be safe behind the towering gates and walls of Stark mansion. But there is a certain pleasure in having had only himself to rely on and no one around to judge his habits or mistakes.
He realizes he's just scraping at his dish, now, which has been thoroughly cleaned off since Rhodes and Thor started talking. He puts his fork down and folds his hands in his lap, waiting.
"Yeah," Steve replied, a little crestfallen.  It was obvious that Tony wasn't thrilled about it, and was probably here just because their teammate had wanted a repeat of the activity.
He eats another Cheeto – it tastes stale – and then takes out his watch, fingering it gently. It's a simple thing, a cheap silver wrist watch crafted from spare parts in the shop, but it's by far his most important possession. He would give up his guns before he gave up JARVIS.
Steve flings his shield up, but the yell distracts him and the blast from the bot hits him straight in the side.  His vision whites.
"You certainly appreciate its results though," Steve replies with a grin as Tony watches him strip off his sleep shirt, eyes never straying.
It's not a quick separation - like a, a breakup or anything, God forbid.  No, it's slow and easy to miss if you blink. Hazy, from one snapshot to the next.
He folds up the map again and slots it neatly into his backpack between a bag of Lays and his canteen.
He's out before he ever sees those eyes widen and hands touch his face and a hoarse voice break halfway through pleading his name.
Steve was embarrassed to realize that the "soldier" thing was turning him on a little bit.  The way Tony said it was just so...so…
The lights flickered on around him, but Steve couldn't care less.  Tony began to pull away, but Steve wrapped one arm around the shorter man's back and tugged him back to his chest, drawing a surprised "Mm!" from him.
Steve's eyebrows are knitted together, but he doesn't look like he wants to rip Tony a new one, so there's that. "We've decided to stay here for a week. Then we're heading east, to New York."
Even though his technological prowess is no secret, no one knows about JARVIS except for Tony himself, not even Howard. He'd been somewhat well-known before the apocalypse, both because he's a Stark and because he's a prodigy; and he's been on the news as many times for his engineering accomplishments as for his more raunchy endeavors. However, JARVIS had always been a personal project of his, not a weapons design for Stark Industries or a submission to an MIT robotics competition. He'd built JARVIS, not for his father or his professors or the media, but for himself.
For a second he searches for "Steve," or, at least, the guy he's come to imagine as Steve, but he gets distracted by all the unfamiliar people seated at the table in front of him.
However, when he reaches the workshop, there's no Tony in sight.  "J - FRIDAY," he says into the empty air, "where's Tony?"
Steve misses Tony more than he missed Peggy going into the ice, and that's because he knew flying the plane down that he was making the right decision - a decision he would never take back, regardless of its consequences.  But with Tony, all he can think about is how many things went wrong for them to end up this way, how many things he wishes he could've or should've done so that he wouldn't end up in a government-paid apartment in Upper Manhattan with no one but Bucky dropping by with pizza sometimes and Sam packing an extra sixteen years kissing Bucky on the cheek.  Could things have been different? he wonders, or was he destined to love unreachable people all along?  Maybe if he hadn't been so impulsive, if he just taken a single fucking
Steve's mouth quirks up the barest amount, but Tony counts that as a win. "What kind of person would I be if I'd left you there?"
Steve thinks.  He wasn't in such a great place, but there was nowhere to go but up.  Now, though, he's discovering there are always new lows.
Suddenly, someone nearby cleared his throat, and Steve cursed himself for not paying attention.  However, his sharp eyes picked up a slight movement near the wall to the right of him and he hefted the gun up immediately, firing a perfect shot at the neon red vest in the darkness.  To his confusion, however, the figure in the dark didn't groan in disappointment or even make any noises.  Instead, the man merely placed his gun down, unbuckled his vest and let it drop to the ground before striding forward, eyes drinking Steve in.
Piano music is still flowing faintly from the watch, so he places the watch next to his cheek and closes his eyes.
He settles back down on the table, but his mind churns with unease. If anything, he hopes the reason for Natasha's hatred isn't the latter.
"Oh, you're not thinking of letting him travel with us, are you?" Clint protests indignantly. "This isn't even about Stark anymore, think about our resources! We're going to have a whole extra person to feed and clothe and watch out for. Not to mention, he's injured, so he'll probably slow us down."
And then there's someone like Steve, who had known who Tony was when he spotted him and still refused to let him go.
"A smarter one," Tony says honestly. He has no qualms admitting that he shouldn't be alive, not unless it was for a reason. He'd been stupid, had marched into the Rite Aid like he was invincible, and suffered a high price for it. It'd only been by some ridiculous stroke of luck that someone like Steve had heard the explosion and decided to check for survivors.
The guy is only twenty four, but he's already working on his fourth PhD. He bites his lip in thought. "Did you try accelerating the radiation to send electrons through the Coulombian fields? I know, I know, it's a risky idea – but if you consider mass attenuation combined with Rayleigh scattering, you could potentially strengthen a gamma beam. Then you wouldn't need to control the way the incident photons reflect electrons at all."
They try to work on it, but he finds himself looking at Tony differently than he used to in the wake of Ultron.  Tony's eyes are still beautiful, his lashes still long and his mouth still gorgeous, but. But. There is this invisible barrier blocking Steve off.  When he reaches for Tony, sometimes, he has to snatch his hand back. It is like the carefully constructed image of his lover he had in his head will shatter if he makes contact.
Natasha peered at him more closely.  "What did Tony do, Steve?"  She paused.  "He didn't...did he?"  She mimed pulling down a zipper.
Tony stepped forward, and suddenly, all Steve could feel was a pair of lips pressed against his own, even warmer and softer than he had imagined, and his mouth was still slack with shock as his mind burst with white supernovas, stealing every fantasy he had ever had since he realized, four months after the Battle of New York and two after he moved into Stark Tower, that he was falling for -
Bruce frowns. "Why come out here?" he asks. The tone is light, but the question itself exudes wariness. "Why not stay home?"
"How did you survive for three months on your own?" Clint says incredulously. Tony can hear the underlying question –
Another twig snaps, and then a rabbit darts out of the darkness, its white body leaping nimbly into the clearing. Tony aims the gun for a moment – his mouth waters at the imagined smell of roasted meat – but then his hand wavers. That brief moment of hesitation is enough for the rabbit to spring free of his eyeline, scurrying back into the shadows.
And it's true; in all his life, he's only ever loved - crushed on, rather - Peggy Carter (and Jolie Bering from sixth grade, but that doesn't count).  Tony Stark has never been a lover, a crush, or even someone he's lusted after, although he can admit the older man is attractive.  But maybe Bucky's right about the way Steve looks at Tony and talks about him.  Maybe that "tone", that "look", is the reason why Steve feels a brick wedge into his gut every time the man appears onscreen.  People always talk about platonic love, romantic love, obsession.  But there is nothing in the dictionary or on the Internet to explain what Steve feels when he thinks of Tony Stark.  It feels otherworldly, ancient and profound, like maybe they could have ended up loving one another if Steve had made different decisions once upon a time.
He thinks maybe he sees a comforting brown gaze above him, watery and wide, but he can't quite discern what it is.
For the next month, Tony is on good behavior.  He works hard but remembers to get enough sleep, to eat food and drink water and come up for movie nights.  Clint and Natasha slowly wind their anger down and start to include him again, so for a while, everything seems okay.
"So, what are you working on?" Steve asks after they've sat around for a few moments in silence.  For the first time, the quiet feels - stilted. Almost awkward. It's startling, because he can't remember the last time he looked at Tony and just had no idea what to say.
"James Barnes," says the moody-looking brunet sitting next to Thor. "Friends call me Bucky." The implication that Tony does
Tony stiffens.  "I fucked up, I know," he says, voice stronger now.  "But Ultron's consciousness - that wasn't me. That was the scepter."
Sometimes he thinks the other Avengers suspect something, considering they all live in the Tower and all, but Tony's surprisingly nice about it when Steve expresses his anxiety over it.  "It's okay, Steve," he soothes, and rubs comforting circles on the blonde's back. He even offers to let Steve date other people in public, if only to throw everyone off their scent.
Steve had said, aghast, almost dropping his Subway all over his lap.  "Gosh, Buck, he's got Miss Potts.  They're engaged."
Tony cleans the rest of his plate while Rhodes and Thor get into a debate about the significance of the brass rat, and about whether it's appropriate to call it a necklace. As he scrapes the rim of his plate with his fork, his breastbone suddenly spasms with a sharp stinging sensation and he hunches over, trying to be discreet as he clutches at his chest. Trying to breathe back the pain, he almost misses the way Steve glances to his chest and then up at his face and back again, expression dark in what almost looks like misery.
Rhodes smiles for the first time, reaching for a simple thin chain around his neck. He pulls it out of his shirt, and there the ring dangles from it. "Yep. Carry it with me wherever I go."
"So," Tony started, his hand unconsciously straying to the back of his neck to rub it, "I'm going to kill Rhodey if he was wrong.  But.  I guess you can hate me later if you want.  No time like the present."
The building itself is still standing, but shattered glass still litters the floor near the entryway, hinting at signs of looting and violence. There are dried puddles of what is probably blood spotting the marble floor amongst heaps of rubble from cracked and battered columns.
"Don't move, Rogers," a voice purred from nearby, and Steve's fingers stuttered on the trigger of his gun even though he could've easily spun around and shot the other man within the blink of an eye.  He knew that voice, and it wasn't Clint's.
Tony clutches the watch to his chest. He'd wear it on his wrist, but he's deadly afraid of it somehow coming loose, or breaking, which would effectively cut off the only means of communication he has. JARVIS is what keeps him sane; JARVIS is what keeps him going. When he'd felt like giving up back in January, JARVIS was there, talking to him, pushing him, being there for him.
Sure enough, as soon as Steve's vest and rifle had finally rebooted a minute later, the arena lights flickered on and a voice in the overhead speakers announced the win of the blue team.  Rejoining Natasha in the room where all of the Team Red vests and rifles hung, he was immediately confronted by her suspicious gaze.  "What happened?" Natasha questioned him as she stripped her vest off her slim body.  "I was handling Clint; I knew he was the flag-holder.  And Tony couldn't have stolen the flag from you without doing
The faces that regard him are filled with wariness and distrust. He doesn't blame them, exactly, but he wonders how much of that dislike is because of his reputation and how much of it is because he's an intruder, invading on their space and taking up their time and resources. There's a reason why people travel in smaller groups – at some point, it just becomes easier to only have to take care of yourself and a few others.
Left in the kitchen, Tony glances around to make sure no one else is around before he pulls his left hand out of his pocket. "Hey JARVIS, you up?"
Tony takes a second to scan his surroundings. He hasn't given much thought to what he'd do when he arrived here, having only been focused on the actual getting-there part first. Now, though, he feels a little lost.
"It is two blocks away from U.S. Route 1," the AI answers. "Nearly directly across from the Rite Aid."
His favorite part about Tony, he thinks, is that there is no favorite part.  He loves everything; the way Tony pokes his tongue out of his mouth when he works, or the rapid-fire speed with which he can delve into the most confusing STEM subjects, or the way his hands are littered with small scars from working in the shop.  He loves how Tony runs his hands through his hair and it gets all crazy from engine grease, or how he always seems to have a black smudge on his cheekbone from suit repairs. He loves how Tony mumbles in his sleep and how he does this snap-clap thing when he's explaining something and how he has this thick, dark chunk of lower eyelash on his right eye, like a spot of eyeliner.  And of course there are less-than-great things about Tony too, like his alcoholism, or his stubbornness, or his recklessness, or his tendency to ignore people when he doesn't want to face them, but overall Steve's the happiest he's been since he got out of the ice.
Tony rears back like Steve's just hit him before shoving the blonde away.  There's no fire in the shove, though, only some strange flailing desperation, and for a moment Steve doesn't do anything but let himself rock back in surprise.  Tony's not getting mad. He was supposed to get mad (isn't that part of why he said it?).
He begins to wonder, secretly, if Tony is cheating on him.  He begins to wonder, secretly, how long Tony has been drinking under his nose.  He begins to wonder, secretly, if Tony even loves him.
"I'm not ridiculous!"  Tony gave his friend the best pout he could muster up.  "Steve is so...so...blonde and perfect.  And he has a crush on another man.  He told me in the arena.  He probably likes, I don't know, Thor or something.  Thor is all muscular and handsome and
“Our final performers hardly need introduction. I give you, for the last time, the Rogers Family Singers!” Bucky announced into one of the microphones set up at stage front, and the room filled with polite applause.
The flyer said it was playing that weekend at the City Theater. Tony took note and followed the captain’s insistent tug away.
“Péter and I developed his pictures. There were a few on the roll already before you gifted it to him. I thought you should have it.” Tony shifted somewhat nervously on his knees, feeling unusually bashful about the whole thing, but that didn’t stop him being honest and saying what he said next.
“If we can get to Genoa, they will send an operative to pick us up and take us into France, where we’ll rendezvous with the fleet at Dunkirk.” Steve said,  watching the letter blacken and curl, the flames consuming what was left of the last letter from the tailor. He looked up from the fireplace, to where Tony sat in his grandfather’s old armchair, meeting the monk’s steady gaze. “They want to know my strategy. The number of men, weapons, and the like.”
Steve swiveled his glass and watched the ice swirl within. He felt the dizziness returning and shivered.  Maybe… Slowly he raised the cup to his mouth once more and sipped until a melting chip pressed against his dry lips and he parted them until it slipped inside. Khalmmer watched him intently, gaze too knowing for comfort.
Next to him Sam took a breath, pausing for the first time in a while and Steve caught sight of a familiar cafe, the same one he had met Virginia in all those years ago. The Rembrandt was closed now, boarded up with a large yellow Star of David painted over its windows.
Still his heart was pounding as he considered the stone façade of the butcher’s shop, number thirteen, and the peeling paint on the back door.
"You'd have both starved Stefen." Tony reminded him staunchly. Perhaps he was biased, but Tony could have taken a swing at Bucky himself for nailing that particular burden of guilt to Steve’s shoulders. The damn war had not been kind to anyone. Tony’s family had been rich, his father’s estate paying the abbey handsomely for his upkeep and yet there had been many bleak days at the abbey even for him. How much more impossible must it have been for a traveling band of gypsies in the middle of war-torn Galicia? “I know what it cost you, but it is not a sin to survive. You did what you had to, and if Bucky isn’t grateful for that he’s a fool.”
It was only a few seconds before Dvorak held him at the edge of the truck bed, Steve’s torso suspended dangerously over open air, and then the solider had released his grip and sent Steve falling backward into the snow.
He pulled back with a sniff, shaking his head until the tears had been banished, but his voice was still rough when he spoke again.
Natacha stopped in front of him again, an aggravated scowl on her face that made Tony want to ground her to the house for the next decade for the sheer audacity.
Relief washed through Tony in a wave, leaving him feeling suddenly drained. Unbidden, he felt the sharp prick of tears in his eyes and had to batt them away.
From inside the loft it was easier to hear the goings on below. Their unidentified visitors were shuffling about, scraping the floors and occasionally banging a pot or a pan in the kitchen, bickering while they worked. It became clear to Tony after a few moments that the bickering couple had no idea that they were there. It sounded like they cleaned up and made repairs for the ageing owner. The husband was of the opinion that Philips had just forgotten to send word that they weren’t needed this season. The wife had found a stray toy and thought it odd that Philips would have a child with him. Odder still when the door to the loft stuck and refused to open, even when the husband took a hammer to it to knock it loose.
“But did they catch the men who did it?” Steve demanded to know, begging silently that the man would answer no.
“Or whatever you wanted to be. If you want to be anything... Your mother always wanted you to be a doctor." Steve babbled, the words were certainly coming easier now, almost too fast as he tried to back track. “You don't have to be a soldier either. I think she’d like the idea of you-”
The crisis averted relief bubbled up through Tony in the form of laughter, though his grip on the boy remained tight.
Once more Steve started in his chair, yanked from his troubled musings, this time by the gruff voice of James Bakhuizen, better known as Bucky to his kin, as the man dropped his coat on the back of the seat opposite Steve and sat down. His face still carried a few days stubble from his travel and he quickly accepted the cup Steve pushed his way with a tired grunt.
He looked over at the line of SS officers because he could feel Schmidt's eyes on him. Gleeful. Daring. How long till his heart gave out like the others? The sun was peeking over the horizon now, dawning for another day, but Steve’s body was still flush with heat. Sweat dripped into his eyes. His heart pound heavily in his ears.
So, even if it was not the way she had pictured things or how she would have preferred to start a marriage she would accept her duty with grace and do what it was he needed of her and of course much more besides. In time, Stefen would realize what it was he had in her and he would look at her the same way he was looking at his children now. As if he had been starved for the sight of them.
“Am I to understand that you nearly killed your sister over a frog!” Tony glared down at Artur, and he had to struggle not to shout or reach down and start shaking him. And Tony could only watch as the boy’s face twisted up once more, this time in anguish as he crumpled once more into heartbroken tears.
Too quickly the jarring ringing of the telephone broke through the fog of desire in Tony’s brain, the sudden loss of Stefen’s body heat against his like a physical ache as Stefen drew back, eyes full of heat as he murmured, “That should be clear enough for you.”
“What’s the truth here Stefen?” Tony asked, because it was obvious to him that Steve had already resolved himself to sole responsibility for Bucky’s losses, and that nothing Tony could say in the moment was going to dissuade him.
Steve had set a strict regime for himself to strengthen his muscles with morning and evening exercises. Tony insisted that he do them from the bed with the covers stripped back, because the ground was still too hard on his body, but Steve was going to press the issue… tomorrow. The burn was sliding towards excruciating now.
And they had to convince the Germans that they loved it. That they were loyal. Tony shuddered to think what would happen to them if they couldn’t. He’d seen what the Nazi’s were capable of doing. Even to children.
“Really?” Péter needled, munching on a corner of his sandwich. He barely finished swallowing before he finished with, “I bet if one of those fellows you read about in your magazines called you his stars you’d give him a second look.”
Every Rom knew that gold was nothing, land, horses, and even food in your bowl was nothing without family. A Rom knows it is better to die with other Rom in a ditch somewhere, than to live with plenty and be alone with gadje.
The twins scrambled off the bed and under the table, and Tony let the linins fall back into place, his heart pounding steadily against his ribcage. He yanked the sheet off the old bed for good measure, sending a plume of dust into the air, and threw it over the table. The radio looked too intriguing a lump under those linens, he thought quickly, surveying the rest of the room for something, anything, more to help. Spotting an open trunk of dusty books, Tony ran and grabbed a stack of them, running back to the table to begin piling them around and on top of the mound.  With any luck, anyone who happened to notice it would just assume it contained more books.
The trip cable had worked exactly the way they hoped it would. The first vehicle in the motorcade hit it at high speed, its wheels spinning and squealing on slick ice as it slammed into the wire and over ended like a child’s toy, the whole wood gone silent but for the screams of the men inside.
Tony forced the pain away and projected an imperturbable image as he waited for Stefen to say what he needed him to say.  What he’d
“It’s been my pleasure, Captain.” Was all Weiss said in reply, but to Tony it seemed that a wealth of words had passed between them. And then the gardener’s dark eyes fixed on him as he said, “you be sure and take care now, Herr Stark.”
"Tony can manage fine. He certainly handles them better than I ever have. I keep finding myself arguing with an eight year like its life or death," he said thinking of the little troll he called a son. He missed James with a familiar if sudden stab of longing. He’d pitch a fit at the idea of a new mother and moving to Switzerland but he’d get used to it.
One crisis averted Tony went back to their supply box to fetch the cooking pot. He sent Péter down to the lake to fill it with water while he resumed his work peeling and chopping vegetables (a rudimentary task made difficult by the lack of proper work space) listening with half an ear as Bakhuizen explained skinning rabbits to his eager audience.
“If you want me to put my crew at risk transporting wanted goods you’ll tell me what the hell this is about Bakhuizen.” Kirk demanded, white teeth flashing in the lamplight as he leaned forward in his chair.
He pinned Steve to the ground, sitting all his weight against him as Steve bucked wildly beneath him like a mad animal. Until finally, Schmidt drove a knee into his chest and pressed down hard, sending mind numbing pain splintering into Steve’s skull. Steve grunted, his body seizing and locking up as all the air left him in one pain filled rush.
There was movement at the dark end of the hall and Hammer jumped, letting out an undignified yelp as Bakhuizen slid out from the shadows like a ghoul.
“This, from the girl who a moment ago didn’t know the answer?” Tony considered her with a bored expression. “Or are we just feeling lazy, frauline?”
"Tony, Willamina went out of her way to make this just for you. I even made sure she used the fresh bread. She’ll be very upset if you don’t at least take one bite." The boy coaxed, gesturing to the chair Tony had abandoned to answer the door.
Out of the corner of his eye Artur shifted, his head turning slightly as wide blue eyes stared at him. Even he understood what General Striker meant.
Natacha & Ian had taken turns at whittling the handle and etching designs into it. Artur and Tony made molds, so that Péter and James could help them melt glass over the fire and press the softened sold into the gently curved molds with the iron poker. When the discs had reset, they hammered them loose from the molds, filling one with water and setting handle in designated notch at the bottom, before gluing the top disc in place with pine resin.
Peter stuck his head inside a moment later, peering almost owlishly inside as he looked for Ian and finally spotting him curled on the sofa.
“It wasn’t I who was appointed Chief Researcher of German Ancestry.” Tony had answered, making it clear just how little he thought of that appointment. “I’m not the expert you are Vonkov. Perhaps that’s why I’m confused.”
“What’s going on?” Tony asked, breaking the tense silence within the room and Bucky made huffing sound and crossed his arms.
Artur was quickly on to the next thing, but James pouted for as long as he could hold out before he was in danger of missing out on the fun of a Punch and Judy show.
"Such as?" She asked, and Deiter answered, annoyed with how flustered she made him. His brother had always been better with women. "Arming the men. The better armed they are they better off they'll be when it comes time to fight."
“It was so we could hear the stories,” Ian chimed in, sounding more vehement than Tony thought he’d ever heard him. “She told me that once she was gone, that I had to remember because they wouldn’t be in any books. Only I don’t remember them very well. I didn’t do what she said.”
It had been the son, Franz Hofeiter who had informed the authorities of his sister’s activities. He’d made some sort of deal with the SS. When Schmidt had come, they’d only arrested Herr Hofeiter and his wife and later the daughter when she’d turned up. The traitor and the failures who’d raised her. They’d left Franz and the youngest girl.
“I doubt everyone equally.” Stefen grunted in reply, resisting for a fraction of a moment before he recognized where they were headed. Tony rolled his eyes. But then, a splash of color on a lamp post caught his eye and he stopped suddenly, Stefen crashing into his back.
"We need to keep moving," Clinton called, and Tony looked over to find him standing in the bed of the truck, collecting fallen bullet casings and stuffing them into his pockets. "They’ll send more trucks when those guys don’t answer their radio.”
“Right now the resistance effort is an unorganized shambles. We have to unify and we need a way of getting messages out and sharing news Bucky,” Steve returned to the same argument they’d been having since Steve had come up with the idea.
Stefen was the only one fully dressed at the table and Bucky suspected it had very much to do with trying to appear healthy and whole and far from the invalid he’d been these weeks prior. Or perhaps he was cold. Bucky’s forehead creased in a worried frown. Well, he was bundled in a thick sweater and blanket and if the residual heat Sara always seemed to emanate, wiggling all over his lap, didn't help warm him any then it was a lost cause. Not to mention Stefen was practically bumping elbows with Ian they were sat so close.
“Oi, that’s amazing.” Clint breathed in awe, fiddling with the sides of the case to find the button Tony had pushed. He quickly lost interest when it didn’t immediately present itself and began digging through the contents of the compartment. Tony had packed a few thin blankets, a torch, a few copper wires, a line of string soaked in fat and two unassuming steel balls with the name Stark engraved upon their sides. But predictably Clint’s eyes immediately locked on the most dangerous thing within the case, which was a small metal canister similarly engraved.
“There are pictures in town.” She stuttered over her words, as if the faster she managed to get them out the less true they might become. “Franz told me that in the city they have pictures of you in the paper even. They call you Enemy Number One.” She swallowed and collected herself. When she spoke again it was slow, finally taking her time with her words. “You don’t look like you used to.”
“We’ve been in contact with foreign governments through the help of the church and other operatives.” Coulson explained. “The rest of the world is not interested in a costly war and many leaders within the German Army find themselves wary of a war they fear Germany can’t win.”
The sun had risen, and people were moving about on the street below, another day in the great city of Berlin beginning as it had to. People had to keep going, didn’t they? No matter what was happening around them. Steve turned from the window to look at Bucky who was sat back to back with Zimmerman. Both had their arms crossed over their chests and aside for Zimmerman's deeper breathing brought on by a light sleep, they were mirror images of each other.
Tony had gone still, his breath holding somewhere in his throat as the weight of the unspoken pressed down upon them all.
Now, more than he ever had, Tony wished he’d been allowed a proper Chanukah. Just one. Then he could have lit them, and then it might have meant something after everything the Reich had done. There would still have been lights.
“Children!” she interrupted, reaching across Artur to lay a consoling hand on James’ arm. “What your father and I have been meaning to tell you is, you won’t need a tutor much longer.”
“Fuck off,” the man grumbled catching up to sling an arm around Steve’s shoulders. He didn’t flinch this time, laughing instead as Bucky muttered, “we can’t all be built like gods.”
“Can we sing about our favorite things?” he asked hopefully and Tony smiled as Natacha nodded, reaching for his hand as they began to walk toward where Maria waited.
“I didn't know.” Tony replied, gathering a little enjoyment from the way Ian's eyes widened even further in confusion. “It’s called deductive reasoning. If you’re interested, maybe it’s something I can teach you.” He turned and then with a wink he tossed over his shoulder, “Carry on.”
Maybe then he should take his own advice and share his own secrets, some snide little voice in the back of his mind chided and Tony pushed that too away.
Coulson nodded slowly, the ghost of a smile in his voice as he agreed. “That may work.” He turned to Stefen then and asked, “Who do you have in mind?”
The streets were smeared with rubble. Merchandise, furniture, clothes, and everything in-between strewn about by the mob as they shattered windows to trash shops. Shattered windows to destroy homes and drag their occupants into the seething body of the mob. Glass was everywhere, falling like snow from above, glinting wickedly as it reflected the fire light.
Tony highly suspected that Stefen was asking out of politeness, because his tone definitely brooked no room for argument. Shooting was to be a regular part of their lives, because the captain would have it so.
“Nooo, I have to look in the lake. They live in the water! But Tony’s busy and he said not to bother Pepper." Artur admitted, pouting into Steve's leg. Steve swallowed down the pang of pain at the silly little pet name Artur had picked up from Tony and pushed his fingers through the child’s soft hair. The children adored Tony. They’d be devastated if he left. At least he hadn’t left already like Bucky had predicted. At least Steve didn’t think he had. He couldn’t imagine that Tony would leave without saying goodbye to the children.
“I figure it’s just as dangerous not to Tony,” the boy replied with an easy shrug. “I can take care of myself. I ain never been seen by nobody I didn’t want to see me. Cept that girl of yours. How is she?”
Tony waved his free hand trying to encompass the fantastic being that was himself, managing to splash James in the face while he was at it. “You’ll do wonderfully Ian. That is if someone could take this amoeba that’s found a home on me-”
Compromised? Retired? Now what did any of that mean? Steve supposed it had been too good to be true to think that he was going to get out of a conversation with the intelligence office without wading through some riddles.
“But what if he isn’t coming back?” Ian blurted out, and his cheeks heated as Natacha turned to glare at him as if he’d said something particularly stupid. But Ian stood his ground. He’d seen and overheard his father and uncle Bucky fighting loads of times, but this time had been different. They all knew it.
The quiet question from the thin mousey haired monk took Tony by surprise. He stilled, a bite of cheese halfway to his lips, before he had enough wits to shrug an answer.
His breathing evened out and Steve became confident of his surroundings. He slumped, awareness leaching the strength from his limbs; leaving behind the kind of bone-weary exhaustion one got after spending a day at work. The urge to sleep pulled at him. It was a familiar friend. He felt tired all the time, and it was harder each time to get up. If not for the mission, Steve wasn’t sure he would.
“I’m not going anywhere.” He turned to Tony, imploring with his eyes to tell him different as he said, “he looks really bad.”
Real medical supplies or access to them was essential, but essentially not a part of their secluded existence on the mountain.
.” Tony exclaimed and when he only received blank looks in response he back tracked with a roll of his eyes. “It’s a collection of gothic poems translated into German. The nightmare of every schoolboy I assure you. How do you even know him?”
Sam’s mouth twisted into a grimace and he continued in a whisper, “Have you thought this through? You stole from General Schmidt, a commanding officer!”
Something was wrong Steve thought even as part of him wanted to howl and laugh at the same time- because
“My apologies General, but surely a change in timing can only help us throw off rebel intervention.”
Steve didn’t even look at him. He nodded stiffly, eyes glued to Stark as if the man were a grenade about to go off.
“Because he needs someone to transport it, and if we’re caught, we’ll bring down whoever is close enough to the Führer to get their hands on this. Isn’t that right?” He looked hard at Agent Coulson, who looked strangely pleased by his candor and nodded his head slightly in agreement.
“I do! They're bugs with…” He trailed off, his face going red with frustration. Next to him James sniggered. Artur whined round standing up to holler across the table at his brother, “I know what they are, James!”
“Just a few drops in his coffee in the mornings. Just to make him throw up.” Natacha answered, voice gone low and hollow, but it was steady. No confusion. Positive of the details. That was all he needed.
All he could think of was the sound of skin on pavement, the look in Tony’s eyes, and that hard look in Natacha’s.
Germany is sick. This is a truth we all must accept and that our friends at the castle must hear. We implore you to act. We need you to act.
“We’ll have a staff to help. We’d hardly be marooned with them. Would one or two more for them to look after be such an inconvenience?”
“Don’t be a fool. I didn’t recognize you, but I am German and this -” she threw her hands up, indicating the barn around them. “-is my life. I’ve seen a picture of Austria’s lion twice in my entire life, if I am being generous. City folk? They’ll recognize you. You need my help. I’ll drive you tomorrow before the family wakes and hear no more of it.” She turned away without a word and left him.
“Can the Hogan’s visit us in Pola, Tony?” Maria asked, standing. The slushy snow squished beneath her wrapped shoes. “I don’t think they’ve ever been to the sea either.”
"Erskine? Does anyone know where he is?" Virgina asked, looking up from where she and Harlod were easing Steve back to lying down.
"I know it's not. " Tony immediately snapped in reply, furious that Stefen would dismiss him so easily, and in that particular way. "I didn’t think it was a game when it was you and Bucky against a camp full of SS!”
"Assassination?" he murmured after a few moments more of tense silence. Steve jerked and looked up from where he'd been fixated, presumably staring at the flaws in the brick work, to nod. He eyed Bucky's face thoughtfully as he crossed his arms over his chest and nodded again, slowly with that tell tale set to his jaw. Ah fuck.
“Stefen.” The baroness stepped toward the bed, soft tone implying this was an age-old argument between them. “Dr. Erskine is not a suitable physician. The army has sent someone here to help you. You must let them.” She turned to Dr. Fischer, opening her mouth to beckon him forward when Rogers cut her off.
“Are you mad? The alps? You need to get out of Germany. I don’t know ho-” she began, still clutching at him and Steve jerked his arm violently out of her grasp, shouting over her. “No!” She flinched, shushing him as her eyes darted around the empty road. The road was quiet and still but sound carried in the open air and there was no telling who might be passing just over the hill.
"I'm not suggesting we actually trust our plans to the cardinal. " Tony replied stiffly, choosing to ignore the jab against Italians. "He'd never agree to it anyway. His allegiance is to the church and her interests. Believe me if it means survival they’ll crawl in bed with Hitler. "
He'd have to speak to him about that. While he could admit he agreed with the sentiment it was a stupid thing to say to a child, especially in times like these.
That man had been painfully thin, just like this one, but there were other reasons to be thin...Magda prodded the body and stilled, catching a glimpse of his wrists chained and manacled together behind his back. There was no longer any doubt. She didn't need to see the identification bracelet cutting into the red skin of his forearm.
“Mind telling me what you need a shipment of steel for Stark?” the smug bastard smirked at him like he knew the effect he was having and the scowl won out.
Steve couldn't think on it long because he heard the slate in the window sliding open again, and this time when he turned it was Coulson's face filling the little window.
For a moment their collective despair seemed to suck the air from the room. If they radioed for help, they would be discovered. Arrested and promptly deported if not held for suspicion of being spies. Luzzato would incriminate the DELASEM and the whole delegation might be taken down.
"Tony taught us a song to sing whenever we're feeling bad" said the youngest boy. Archer? Deiter didn't know what to say to that so he just hummed, hoping it didn't sound too skeptical.
The children did not see Tony for the rest of the afternoon or even at dinner, though the maids heard all manner of banging and clanging coming from the garage. Pepper would not tell them where he had gone, but they heard her mumbling to one of the maids something about curtains and frogs.
“Why was the Major not informed?” she asked, her brow wrinkling with deep thought. “If you've truly arrested Dr. Erskine on suspicion of malpractice, why did you wait till now to tell him?”
“The dumb Polak can wait a moment.” Emil sneered in the direction where Bucky waited in the car and Natacha went very still, the joy she’d felt at his surprise appearance chased away by Emil’s pointed disdain.
Dvořák leaned back in his chair again and raised an eyebrow. The talk back was unusual. Becker usually kept his ideas to himself, aware of their unpopularity within the Reich. This was not the time to be getting sloppy.
Maria was asking him to sing to them when Ian slipped from the bed, mumbling that he had to use the latrine. Tony was worried about him going outside alone in the dark, but it was easy to persuade him that he’d be fine on his own. He’d been out with Tony loads of times now, and often took the role of lookout when Tony had to be gone. It would have been silly for Tony not to trust him to relieve himself on his own and come right back, and Ian felt a brief moment of guilt for taking advantage as he made his escape down the ladder.
Natacha stared, and somehow managed to give him the impression that she was rolling her eyes at him without moving them at all.
“When you’re stuck in uniform every day you take advantage of leave when you have it,” Stefen replied evenly, stepping toward Tony and reaching for the bag at his side without taking his eyes from him. When he was unbearably close Stefen lowered them slowly to take him in fully and when they raised again to meet Tony’s, there was an unbanked hunger in his eyes that sent arousal twisting deep within Tony’s gut.
no ill will, but she’d tried to warn Stark away for good reason. Even a blind man could have seen his feelings for Stefen writ all over his face, but for a man like Stefen to choose that life (that
“Tony?” Clint prompted nervously from the door, a second before Wolfe hissed again for him to hurry.
Steve was torn between wanting to ring the man’s neck sometimes and kissing him senseless. He was so brilliantly, vexingly much.
It was cold comfort. Though the chill inside may have had more to do with bumping along in the back of an open truck in the dead of winter than anything else.  Being a hero certainly wasn't glamorous, he thought to himself as he curled up closer to his knees.  The truck couldn't move all that fast on the snow-covered roads, but the wind still managed to slice through his coat and he was half convinced that his cheeks were about to fall off his face in frozen lumps any moment now. It was a few hours between the abbey and the train station where he and Bruce would part ways. There was less to worry about on the back roads, winding through forest and farm, but there was sure to be security at the station, so it was better all-around to deal with a numb face.
“It had nothing to do with you. Any of you. That’s first things first.” He scolded gently, willing the boy to look at him and then holding his stare when he did. “Sometimes we get so caught up in our own issues we forget how we are effecting others. It doesn’t mean we care for them less, it just means we were careless where we shouldn’t have been.”
"Can you get out of it?" Bucky immediately demanded, obviously not liking the thought of Stefen and the children making the journey any more than Tony did. Stefen gave him a dry look.
“Latin. And we have to go. Now!” He barked, and thankfully this time Bruce did not protest. But a man in a white doctor’s coat standing nearby did.
Sighing deeply Bucky let it sit, glumly staring out at the water, fully expecting Steve to get stubborn on him and for his words to fall on deaf ears. It was a long time before he heard Steve stir behind him. He didn’t turn around to watch him leave, so he was a bit startled when the man joined him at the railing. Stevie didn’t say anything, just heaved a sigh and leaned, knocking his shoulder against Bucky.
“Well he’s got your number,” he muttered under his breath and he could feel his sister’s answering glare even in the dark.
They carried on in silence again for long minutes, each staring out their own windows lost in their own thoughts, and Dvorak imagined that each of them dreaded reaching their destination for their own reasons.
Tony’s grip softened on his arm, his other hand coming to rest on Steve’s shoulder and rubbing gently. Steve’s breath was loud in the minimal space between them, ragged in his ears.
She'd paused only long enough to say her goodbyes to Natacha, the only child brave enough to approach her in her furious flight from the house. Tony didn't know what words they'd traded, but Charlotte had looked very small standing at the bottom of the stairs in her fur lined coat. He still saw in his mind’s eye how she’d looked up at the other children whose faces peeked out at her from between the rails in the banister, smiling bravely. Tony admired it. Even in exit the woman was like a polished metal. Impenetrable. The only tell, the shine in her eye and the way she'd cupped Natacha's cheek a little too long as they whispered at the bottom of the stairs.
Bucky stilled for just a slight moment, long enough for regret to bundle in Tony's chest. He knew how the Roma felt about gadje, and that their language was sacred; but it was that same sacredness that made it feel right. Bucky was walking away from the people he loved, not knowing if it would be for the last time.
It was like a dream, the music coaxed from the belly of the piano thrumming through his fingertips and traveling up his arms. He slowly eased into a few scales and then with the embarrassing hesitation of a bride groom he began to play. The music wrapping around him and drowning out the residue of dark thoughts and fear that seemed to hover about him of late. He knew the song by heart, could have played it in his sleep.
“It’s just the sky making noise Sara,” Ian explained though he looked uncertain and Artur was attempting to weasel under his legs to join Maria.
The Stark empire might be dust here in Pola, but another war machine had been born from its ashes. And when this one fell, another would come. Another and another, until something stong enough came along to break the cycle of changing powers.
Three, four, five. James, Sara and Artur a few feet away with the Fennhoff twins listening with rapt attention to some story Johann Fennhoff was recounting.
Tony jerked out of the fantasy, that night from long ago dissolving around him. He’s not at the Music Hall, bumping into Captain Stefen Rogers and his date by chance (chance they never got). He’s in Stefen’s bedroom, holding his hand and Stefen has turned his head on the pillow and is looking back at him with glassy blue eyes.
“We’re ready. You read Ssgt. Zimmerman’s reports. We’re as ready as we’re ever going to be. They’re not estimated to be arriving until late evening. Yah wanna just sit around and pick your ass’s until then?”
“A shame.” Tony hummed sympathetically as he followed behind Pepper’s swishing skirts, pretending to focus on his perusal of their opulent surroundings and not his line of questioning. “She was so young.”
Steve frowned deeply in thought as the memories slowly trickled through his mind. They'd only taken James a few times that he could remember. He’d still been so small that Virginia had spent most of her time with him and Ian on the shore. Maria had been the baby then, tucked safely in her crib at the house watched over by the nurse maid.
“When are you going to sleep with the baroness?” James repeated, heedless of the danger. “I heard the maids say that they didn’t think you’d slept with anyone since mama died. Julia said it’s a terrible waste.”
When she was clear, the others climbed aboard while Lucas volunteered to help Tony push her the rest of the way into the water.
Try as he might he’d not been able to eat much of the spread, choosing instead to down glasses of water and make a show of pulling apart some of the expensive bread being served. People remarked often on the deliciousness of the fare, as well as its simplicity. The Führer’s famous modesty was on display in every new course. It was only the abundance, the never-ending supply of his material modesty, that showed the rotting underbelly. The whole thing was a carnival, the man sat at the head of the long table its ringmaster.
It had been two days, but Steve could not shake the unease that gripped him, nor the feeling that they were playing with fire. Military operations took a great deal of time to organize and the strike wasn’t planned until early summer. A week more would hardly make much difference; but a week might as well be a year in war time. Anything could happen within seven days to drastically change their lives.
“It is.” Stefan agreed, taking the pistol from Tony and reloading it. “But ya gotta hit them first.”
Once he’d decided on his course, there was only to figure out how to do it and not get caught. Oh, Stefen would know eventually as Tony had no intention whatsoever of hiding it from him. On the contrary, he hoped that when Stefen realized how far he would go that the captain would finally understand that Tony had no intentions of sitting on the sidelines, and was not a bad choice of partner to have at ones side.
“These are curtains,” She decried haughtily. “You can’t dress us in curtains. Father would be furious.”
Tony kept a fixed eye trained on the camp, growing smaller and smaller behind them, expecting Gestapo to come pouring out at any moment. Only when Dachau disappeared from view around a sharp bend did he allow himself to marginally relax.
The union simply made sense. Stefen’s conditions were strange but not overly difficult to comply with. She had no issues with retreating to Switzerland for a time, and keeping the tutor employed only made sense if they were not going to send the children off to schools. Making sure the children were always cared for was nothing she wouldn’t have done in any event. They were Margrit’s children after all, and regardless of what the rest of the family thought of their father the children were blood.
Steve crashed to the ground and Bucky went down with him, banging elbows and shins as Steve rolled beneath him and grappled for leverage. Bucky avoided his grasping and clutching hands and rolled them again until he had Steve pinned beneath him. The howling in his head was just getting louder – the jangle of coins as they slammed together and voices screaming for him to stop – but he couldn't stop. He wouldn't, not until Steve took it back! Back to him and Stevie knowing each other inside and out. Back to their familla: his mother, his father, Rachol and the girls, the uncles, the aunts… all of them alive! None of them rotting in stinking holes in the ground like gadjo muck! Like they trash were trash.
Only then his anxiety would intrude in the form of memories that refused to be pushed to the back of his mind.
She didn't want to break her father or his heart. She'd learned that too late. She didn't need him to stop trying to protect her or underestimating her, as long as he forgave her for following her own heart. The way Bucky had always done.
“Jesus, Old Friendly? That Dittmar?” Bucky cursed. The old nickname had nothing to do with their old comrades’ personality (which was cocky and abrasive on the best of days) and everything to do with the likelihood that he’d just as soon shoot through a comrade to get to the enemy. Steve nodded. “I might have accepted just for that, but there’s not much choice anyhow. Rumor has it Schmidt protested but the orders for my placement come directly from Himmler himself. Refusing is not an option.”
“Oh go on Tacha, we beat you fair and square this time,” Péter immediately protested and Natacha looked like she was barely resisting wrestling him until he cried uncle the way she had when they were younger.
Hammer’s face barely changed but Steve could still sense the quiet irritation coming from his butler. Herr Hammer turned and jerked his head at Sam.
Father could see the pity in Charlotte's eyes just as well as she could. His face twitched, rage twisting his expression momentarily before it settled back into unflinching determination.
That was just fine with Steve. He nodded a greeting at the children and sat. It had been at least a two weeks since he had last ate with them. It wasn't purposeful, when he was away he was away and when he was home he was in and out at all manners of the hour.
When Steve opened the door to the main suite he was immediately met with the sound of voices, floating in from the sitting room. It sounded as if Bucky had managed to end his business early today and the children were in fine spirits, shuffling and thumping about chattering about all the things they wanted to do. He heard Tony laugh, knew it was Tony even though Bucky’s voice had gone quiet, and his gut clenched with anticipation of seeing them all again. He quickened his step down the hallway, driven by some innate sense that seemed to say that a second longer not seeing them was too much.
"Safety? That damn radio could save lives. He's a grown man Stefen, he can make his own choices same as you and me. He might have just as much reason to want to fight these bastards as you do. Are you going to wrap him up in blankets like he's one of your children?"
The captain didn’t say it, but he didn’t have to.  It was there in the eyes of both boys, that they understood such a journey would be a one-way trip, fraught with peril. What if the captain’s information was wrong and they ended up in an entirely different town than their parents? They’d be stuck in a foreign country with nothing to help them, without even being able to speak the language. It was a horrible fate to imagine, but Tony knew how it was worse in some ways, to be safe not knowing the fate of your loved ones.
“You ever talk to his wife or his kid?” Bucky pressed again, trying to derail the bend into hero-worship the conversation was taking.
“I’m looking at you and it’s like I can see your Ma standing there. You’re growing up too fast. I know you probably think you’re already there – ” Bucky cut himself off with a grunt and a curse, shoving a hand through his hair as he took a deep breath. Natacha stayed still, unsure what was happening, only that he did not seem to be angry with her. He wasn’t looking at her with the fear and disgust she kept imagining on her father’s face.
Stefen extended the small scrap of card he held which Tony could see held faint writing scribbled in pen. He took it from Stefen gingerly, feeling left footed but curious.
"How did none of you notice seven children leaving the premises without jackets?!" he demanded to know of the rest of them before turning back to Stevens with an expression that promised dire consequences should he not be answered swiftly. Down the street, the train pulled up outside the station house blew loudly, the last call for boarding passengers.
“Why are you a monk?” Stefen asked, tilting his head slightly as if viewing Tony from another angle would piece it all together for him.
Charlotte’s face had gone very still as she sat and watched him intently. It was a long moment while he waited for her reply. When she finally spoke it was slow, with a faint air of hurt.
“ I need you to trust that I'm doing my best so that we survive and I need you to be the man I know you are and to think of your siblings. They're the reason I'm teaching you to shoot. They're all the reason in the world to shoot."
responsibility to anticipate Péter’s every decision. Péter was Stefen’s child, not Tony’s, and maybe if Stefen wasn’t so god damn self-righteous and focused on being a hero, he’d have noticed far sooner that something wasn’t right. After all, what the hell had
“I’m not a little boy! I can help.” Ian yelled, kicking and pushing at Tony with surprising strength. The words stung, like acid thrown against the skin. Péter had said those very words. Péter who was gone. Who had been outside in that horror (because of Tony). Who could even now be crushed into the back of a cattle car on his way to anywhere, or lying in a bed of glass beneath some window.
Tony bent low to make it easier for him to slide it over his head. The buinokishti Stefen had made for him was long enough that Tony could have worn it over his hips like a belt. Around his neck it dipped low enough that Tony was sure he could wear it hidden under his shirt with nothing but a hint of the beads showing around his collar.
“What is it Ona? What’s wrong?” she called, and Ona looked back over her shoulder towards the field. Magda had the sudden frightening image of the gestapo in her mind marching down on their little farm bringing death in their wake. This was it, what they’d always feared had come, she thought, her heart beginning to pound. Franz had been arrested and they were going to be dragged in for questioning.
One time, he remembers - after the galaxy was saved and things were sorted out and everyone returned home - Bucky turned to Steve in the privacy of their new apartment and said, "Do you love Stark?"
He reaches Philadelphia around noon. The city, just like he suspected, is devoid of sound. The buildings stand tall and proud, old and wretched and beautiful at the edge of the city limits. Checking the map, he realizes he's right at the outskirts of West Philly, where U.S. Route 1 cuts right between two counties. An arch looms high above his head, with a sign mounted on it that reads:
"Oh, yeah." Tony winces. He doesn't actually know where he is, but… "Um, it's probably near the Rite Aid that was off of City Avenue. In one of those outdoor shopping mall plazas, on North Seventy Seventh I think. A county building? I'm in some kind of large building. It looks like one of those government buildings."
Natasha's hard look from yesterday returns. "I voted not to waste our painkillers on you, but my companion disagreed."
"Sir is on the penthouse level," the AI replies promptly.  "But I would recommend leaving his dinner for him in the workshop till he is fit to come downstairs."
"Steve," Tony says and it sounds like he's digging his hands into his chest to pull the words out.  "I'm sorry, oh God, I'm sorry."
of a brilliant child now ten years old named Peter Harley Stark.  Tony Stark turns sixty-two tomorrow and his hair is very grey and his laugh lines quite pronounced, and Steve has never seen anybody who's aged so well in his life.  Tony's beauty has always had a kind of timelessness, he thinks, with that deep dark gaze betraying none of the thoughts of a mind great and complicated.  Steve himself is nearing thirty, and it is strange and sad to watch his friends and people he has come to know pass him by.  It was awful, tragic to wake up in a new era, but he still doesn't think he was in any way prepared to look in the mirror one day and realize he looks like he did fifteen years ago.
Every inch seemed to last a mile. He extended his arm as far as he could, grappling for the dark handle just as another shot rang out and the truck lurched dangerously. Bucky's cry of pain rang loudly in his ears, drowned out by the thudding of Tony’s own heart.
Péter opened his mouth, trying to think of something witty or appropriate to say but all that came out was an abashed, "hello".
Home. And then what? Though Pola had belonged to Italy again since the Great War they would be no safer there. Not with Mussolini making deals with the Germans. In the long run, Pola wasn’t the answer and Tony couldn't bring himself to start down that path without first making sure the children were going to be alright. Their lives were in peril too, and they had far fewer choices in the matter than he did. He had to help them.
It ate at him like an acid that he couldn’t keep her safe because he couldn’t trust her to tell him the truth, or his own mind to recognize it even if it was right there in front of him. He couldn’t know unless he forced her to speak and he couldn’t do that without alienating her and likely Tony as well.
“s’ too Loud!” she berated before sticking her hand in her mouth to suck, fierce scowl still in place.
"They’re alone enough!" Tony shouted back, not retreating in the slightest at the show of temper. A distant part of Steve couldn’t help but admire that even now there was no retreat in Tony.
“He’s not on the Abwehr’s radar.” Coulson confirmed with a furrowed brow. “But why would an old man take this sort of risk?”
“You’re all set now” he said, shoving Ian's shoulder playfully.  Ian looked at the bottles set on top of the log ten paces out with a doubtful expression and then back at his father.
Another couple of hours had passed that way without event. The tension that had been winding him up most of the morning had relaxed by the time the singing had died off and most of the children had dozed off. It had been quiet again for about thirty minutes or so when Baroness Schrader, who had been staring pensively out her window quietly remarked, "Do you think they'll finish the federal road this year?"
Frauline Werner asked for a tour. Natacha took her around the villa and listened to all of her old stories about the house and Natacha’s mother. Frauline Werner liked that she listened, that Natacha was impressed by all the grand things that she’d done and the money she had.
“I'm leaving!” Tony interrupted what was shaping up to be yet another spat between James and his older brothers, swiveling his bicycle around, countering his weight so Sara wouldn't end up face first in the dirt. If Tony had to pick one and call them poorly behaved it was definitely James. He was moody, confrontational and stubborn as a goat with none of the control that his brothers seemed to have.
Foolish, idiot, utterly insane (wonderful) boy! Tony cursed as he grabbed ahold of the moving body in the water. It was hard to see even in relatively clear (for a lake anyway) waters what with the streams of bubbles they were rucking up, but he felt James slip his arms around his neck, his fingers grasping to find purchase. The combination of his struggles and the sudden addition of his weight dragging them both further under.
“No! No, we don’t, Stefen.” Tony yelled and Steve tried not to flinch at the sound, listening hard for more sounds in the kitchen beyond.
“We gotta go Stark. Give him here.” Bucky’s hand settled heavily on Tony’s back, jerking him back harshly to reality, and even though it was like having a limb slowly separated from his body Tony let Bucky stoop to take him. James let out a pitiful whimper as Bucky hauled him up into his arms. It looked easy as if the boy weighed nothing, or perhaps Bucky was just that determined. James twined his arms around Bucky’s neck and buried his face against Bucky’s chest, and Tony heard him murmuring something low and indistinguishable in the gypsy tongue as he began to trudge quickly toward the truck.
The prisoners starve and grow sick. I hear their screams and their cries at night, and a sinful rage builds within me. To think that these men now suffer for the very acts of mercy that define their faith is unspeakable.
Steve could still smell the blood and could still see the open intestine, the way it looked lying in the snow. Grotesquely pretty. He and another soldier had helped hold the ribbons of organs in while a field medic stitched him into one piece for travel.
“He's a historian, Tony. He gabs on and on about things that might as well be English for all I can understand them. He's probably not too concerned if I can follow him actually.”
"Yes! I'd do it again." he heard himself spit in reply. "I won't have those children frightened to death and starving themselves to spare Captain Rogers' good name!"
I think that’s why most would rather be dead. Exile… it’s like living with your heart cut out. I did that to us.”
“Get home safe.” he grunted, finally letting go of her hand. Relief flooded through him and he felt even worse. He straightened his aching spine and stepped away from her planting himself firmly on his own two feet. She nodded slightly, a few tears slipping down her cheeks that she blinked away and hurried to get back in her old truck and be on her way before she was seen.
He’d do a desperate count (one, three, …) and before he could finish he’d realize he couldn’t hear Tacha quietly murmuring to the youngest children anymore and the adrenaline would spike, panic creeping in until he found them (four, five, six). It played like a record track, going around and around again.
They’d all be free. Stefen could leave his post and come home. They could stay in the house in Salzburg or they could all go together to the house in Switzerland and leave these troubles behind them.
“Ah if it isn’t Stefen and one of his sparrows. The best team I’ve seen yet. Your vati has some long legs on him though, you sure you can keep up Sparrow?”
Steve was the one who suggested that they drink together. Bucky had been surly from the moment that Steve had returned to the house to find him, and the long hours of poring over notes, maps, and letters, strategizing, had only left them both in a constant state of edginess.
And the realization that he wasn’t alone in this, that Tony wasn’t going to try and make him ignore the fear, but that Tony would
Twelve years and she'd barely changed from the thin young woman whom Peggy had dragged into the cafe telling Steve in no uncertain terms that she would have a housekeeper and that was final. She couldn't keep up with her duties in the state, the house and a new baby. They had the money and they were damn well going to use it, she’d expressed vigorously as she had poured coffee for everyone. Steve had given in when Frau Hogan, then Fraulein Potts, had returned home with them and cradled a colicky Péter, miraculously (to Steve’s mind) calming him.
"If we go down this street up here," Péter instructed quietly, pointing to their left, "it shouldn't be patrolled for another fifteen minutes. But we need to be quick."
The walk had not done Steve any good. He kept Maria in his arms, and he made Charlotte promise not to let go of Sara, but it still took him out of sight of the other children. But Khalmmer didn’t leave him much choice, and even Steve knew that he’d created enough spectacle already and a strategic retreat was necessary to cool the gossip.
“Over here!” He called out, but the vehicle didn't even pause as it creeped by. Steve curled his lip and swore turning back to the injured child and the man fingers searching quickly over their bodies to catalog wounds.
Péter promised to do that, but first he had to find the twins. He might never get another chance like today.
As the moment dragged on becoming heavy, Tony wondered if he hadn’t made a colossal mistake. His mind had begun to race with ways to smooth over the awkwardness and assuage the hurt Péter was going to feel, but then Stefen slowly reached out and placed one hand upon Péter’s shoulder and squeezed. Then his other hand was picking the mandolin up by the neck and everybody was clapping with anticipation.
But those were the thoughts of someone who had nearly murdered her own father. Natacha wasn’t any better than the Nazis when it came down to it; but that was how she knew to fear what was coming, why she’d tried so hard to stop it.
“I see.” Tony nodded, and Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief but it was too soon. “Then we have to find a way of getting around Schmidt because Péter’s not safe here. He’s too much like you.”
At that moment the frog Tony had spent his entire evening trapping for a life of capture (poor bastard) chose that moment to croak and Artur shot up like a rocket.
“Sing it again!” Artur, giving up on waiting for Maria to throw the ball skidded into Tony's side on his knees and rolled over onto his back, grinning as he mirrored his tutors sprawl in the grass. “You promised to teach us to sing!”
The children hadn't seemed bothered by the reminder of it, thank God for that, but the way Stefen was staring at him now had Tony wanting to reach back. Some latent instinct for self preservation must have stopped him because he just stood there, breath caught in his chest as he waited for Stefen to speak.
The tube was removed. The scraping in his throat as it was drawn up seemed to go on for an eternity.
Stefen’s lips curled slightly upward, smile more in his eyes than not, as he leaned to kiss the crown of Tony’s head. Tony could have left things there, should have maybe, but since when was he any good at doing what he should do?
But Tony’s tongue was hot against his and his hands warm and familiar where they gripped Steve’s. That familiarity – the certainty that was the feel of Tony’s skin, the taste, and smell of him – sapped Steve’s strength, draining all his urgency and replacing it with dizzying exhaustion. He swayed, nearly tipping over, but Tony caught him and held him up.
“Yes, if we’re to sneak a nap in before the opera tonight then we’d better get on with it.” Tony answered, smirking as Stefen’s fingers clutched his parcel all the tighter. He knew as much as Tony did what would happen as soon as they were back in the privacy of their suite.
“Yes, yes, I will bring the girl back in one piece,” Tony waved away Pepper’s concern. She, Herr Hogan and one of the house maids had come down to the dock in order to assist Tony and the children in their final preparations and see them off on their excursion. The housekeeper had been a big help wrangling together their supplies, getting the boats packed, and organizing the children but now that there was nothing left to do but set sail, as it were, she was wringing her hands fretfully.
What was he to make of a man like Stefen Rogers? On the one hand he was everything Tony had expected from a vaunted military hero and on the other… the man who’d stood before Weiss did not fit the portrait of Captain Rogers, hardened office of the Reich.
It wasn’t a fancy place by any means, and the sailors and seamen who made up the bulk of their clientele could be a rough sort, but Etta and Henrick kept the place neat and didn’t put up with nonsense. The cellar was always warm, well lit, and the smell coming from Etta’s ovens inviting.
“They won’t let me in with you, so one of you better be armed. I already know Stark shoots like a little girl. How about you, can you shoot?” Bucky ignored Tony’s offended huff altogether to question Clint bluntly. The boy rolled his eyes and tapped a finger bluntly on the glass.
"Well, at the very least you'll see some beautiful countryside. While enjoying the best coffee," he gestured toward the window with one hand as he signaled for the host with the other. "Would you like something to eat Frauline...?" he led and the young woman quickly offered an introduction.
Natacha slid her arms around his back and held on for dear life, chest heaving as she dragged in deep breaths, willing herself to stop crying. And Bucky just held her and let her breathe, quiet falling over the room. Slowly her tears dried, and her heart slowed.
“I imagine that Ian is right, it would be very embarrassing for a boy to admit to his father that he is being picked on. He should not have lost his temper, but if Péter is having troubles then we shall all just have to forgive him I suppose and do our very best to help your father remind him that he can always rely on his family. Wouldn't you agree Captain?”
Ian couldn't believe his ears. No matter how many times he tried to refocus on what their father was saying, the words just slid past like water. Nothing seemed to stick.
Bucky was still as a stone, that unreadable expression still resting on his face. Steve sucked in a breath, his body tight with tension as their gazes held.
for them all in the morning before they left. The warm savory breadsticks, spiced and salted, were always delicious, especially when dipped in the yogurt sauce Rachel was envied for.
“Why are you laughing?” Stefen asked, brow furrowing all the deeper in consternation and that just made Tony laugh harder.
He swatted Artur's bottom gently and Artur scrambled out of the room, grinning from ear to ear in triumph.
One, two, three. One right after the other the cans exploded off of the logs and landed on the ground to the cheers of everyone watch. The almost constant trepidation that dogged Ian melted away as he found his stride. He was sure and he was steady. A natural.
He’d informed the authorities who’d arrived not an hour later to detain the ship and its crew. Even though nothing had come of it then, Ludy still watched. He knew that ship was trouble.
As Tony drew closer he recognized Harry Osborne and the Drake brothers. He wondered if Harry’s mother helped him wash the blood out of his uniform after that night or if he’d done it himself.
Things progressed quickly after that.  They carried Natacha down to the sitting room where the second officer was waiting right where Stefen had left him. Stefen, learning from Hammer about the incident had met them halfway, expression and intent as he scooped his daughter out of the young man’s arms and with an air of sharp command informed him that if his investigation was over he and his partner were to get out of his sight.
She wanted her Father, but Natacha and Tony said she couldn't ask for him. That it was dangerous. And if she couldn't have her vati, then she wanted Tony.
"A whole hour of leisure time. We're quite lucky today aren't we?" he tried to open up conversation but the girl just dropped her gaze to the water and hunched her shoulders. She wasn't going to talk to him, Péter realized. Unless...
Tony’s father probably would have approved. Fuck. What was wrong with him?! It didn’t matter whether James learned a damn thing Tony decided. This wasn’t the way. He should never have lost his temper.
Tony laughed, tossing his head back, because Stefen somehow managed to look as petulant as Artur when Tony refused to let him have any more sweets before bedtime.
Warning for sexism, racism, homophobia... you know what. Just mind the tags, and forgive them all for their problematic selves.
“It’s a last resort.” Stefen replied slowly, gaze moving from Bucky to Tony as he explained. “An old friend from the war has a cabin in the mountains. Off the beaten trail, hard to reach by car and nearly impossible once the snows get thick. If things came down to the worst, Bucky was to take you and the children there and wait till either transport out of the country could be arranged or enough supplies could be gathered to make the journey on foot, through the alps.”
A little thing like swimming should be easy and if it wasn’t… well Tony suspected Ian would rather be sliced open than have his father look at him and see a little boy scared in need of help.
“Don’t look back. Keep walking.” Natacha hissed out of the corner of her mouth. “You can’t act like anything is wrong.”
, ‘Maybe you’d enjoy the drive’, that was flirting. Because Tony obviously had no clue what was good for himself anymore.
Ian swallowed and trudged along behind them, that voice inside his head getting thinner and thinner with each frantic repetition.
Tony's mouth tasted like ash every time he thought about the dangerous possibilities. He didn't know how Stefen had lived under this debilitating weight of fear for so long.  He cringed now thinking back to what a judgmental prick he'd been about Stefen’s protective tendencies when he first arrived at the villa.
“We’re going to stay nice and dry in this boat for a while yet bambina, but perhaps later, it would be good for all of you to learn to swim.” Tony said, the memory of Artur striding into the water after his frog rising fresh to his memory. Yes… children could not be watched every minute. Living this close to the water it would be a wise thing to teach them.
The next morning Natacha and her siblings got on a train to return home to Salzburg with Charlotte just as their father had asked. The baroness did not act as if she and Father had argued. She was very good at smiling and pretending nothing was wrong. Maybe even better than her Natacha admitted with grudging respect.
“Herr Stanislov informed us that you were never much involved with the business,” Hoch began and Tony barely resisted the urge to look at Stanislov. It wasn’t exactly a lie but it wasn’t the truth either and Stanislov damn well knew it. Hughard hadn’t liked Tony interfering with the work down in the yards, but he’d been training Tony to take over since before he could walk and Tony had usually found a way to stick his nose in anyway.
The summer ends for Tony and the Rogers family. Winter is just around the corner and with it comes the ending of an era.
Tony didn’t doubt that the journey would be uncomfortable and dangerous, but it was about as perfect an option as they were going to get. They would simply need to write to SIS and inform them to send their agent to meet them in Nice.
Steve focused his breathing. Why was it so hard to breathe out here? It was like being a boy again, wheezing for every breath, only Bucky couldn’t lay with him and rub his back this time.
“We’re not going to be shot. Most of the Czech rebellion has been subdued.” He insisted, trying to remember to keep his voice low when he wanted nothing better to do than pull her hair the way he used to when they’d fought when they were younger. “But they’re not going to get far without travel papers regardless and they’ll never make it on foot. You know they won’t!”
“I should go.” He stated simply instead, and without waiting for dismissal he turned and did just that.
“You’re a bastard,” he hissed. Nik didn’t nod or anything, though he likely knew it was true. Only a bastard would use Yinsen like this-just to shut him up.
“Terrified!” They had Bucky’s full attention now. There was almost something savage in the way he snapped, “What the hell do you mean?!”
They are called that because they are musicians and dancers by trade. For hundreds of years they’ve traveled from place to place, beguiling people with their music and their dances in exchange for food or money. Nobody knows where they started, or where they are going. Because for the rom it’s not about the beginning or the destination. It’s about the journey they take together. They don’t believe land or the comforts it provides is something any one person can own… it’s something to be experienced and shared together.
Slight pressure on his stomach repeated an otherwise unspoken command and Steve huffed an exhausted breath of air and gave in, letting his lower body go limp. Tony kept his legs from crashing to the floor and slowly eased them down, keeping the protest of his muscles to a frustrated shout instead of the scream of agony that it could have been.
A stab of frustration went through him and he struggled not to outwardly snarl as the children slowly tumbled out of the car to sleepily greet their uncle and take their coats off at the door. Bucky took a moment for each one, and to greet Charlotte but it wasn’t long before he turned to Steve and said the dreaded words.
“I told her the truth. There is a training regiment here and my mother is a good German.” Then she added, with something of chagrin in her voice, “my sister is married to a soldier and I’m very patriotic myself.”
Perhaps he had noticed the way Stefen reacted to his name, because he added, “I believe you may have been communicating with my brother Sherrinford.”  When he received nothing but blank stares in return Holmes sighed, his mouth puckering as if he found the words distasteful as he said, “Or you might better know him as Will. He prefers to go by a derivative of his middle name. It makes him feel
"Captain..." Tony began, but he found once he had started he did not quite know how to finish. Stefen turned to him expectantly and Tony found himself distracted by the gold of his hair as it caught the sunrise. He caught a quick breath and shook his head at himself.
Came James sing song response. The children stilled. Or rather the older children did. The three younger seemed to remain oblivious.
What a day. He sighed tipping his head back to stare up at the expanse of stars in a velvet black sky.
“There are few things with more power than a myth.” Farkas leveled him with an intense look, holding him in place with his stare. “It’s not the name, Stark, but the legend behind it. Hughard understood that. He told me he believed you would change the world. Change the war.”
But why not? A cold voice sneered in the back of his mind. Wasn’t that what they were intending for his daughters? Wasn’t Tacha next on the damn auction block?
Steve spent his days with the children. It was too dangerous to go outside now that Tony’s godfather was in residence, and his men no doubt combing the city for sight or sign of Major Rogers. Tony had to stay away, his only contact with them through Antonia who could not risk unnecessary visits that would jeopardize the quick escape they had to make. And yet, even if circumstances had not housebound Steve and his children in these excruciating days of waiting, Steve would have made the effort to be with them.
Bucky blinked away the sting in his eyes, because shit. He’d be no use to anyone blubbering like a baby, but as a pang of longing twisted in his chest he found himself wishing that Peggy could have been there to hear them.
Tony felt his stomach jerk uneasily. The picture they made, Stefen calm and assured, large hand wrapped around James smaller one as he held the rifle that was nearly as long as he was. Himmler was missing out on prime propaganda material.
That was the whole conundrum, determining whether the only way forward (as Stefen insisted) was to join the Brits in the defense of Norway. Perhaps, considering anything else was truly wishful thinking that would only lead to the family’s demise. Tony didn’t think things were anywhere near so clear cut. He knew that even had Stefen been healthier of mind, the captain would not have stopped to consider any viable alternative that were to present itself.
And not that Tony didn’t appreciate the trickiness of the situation, but he couldn’t help but be anything but amused by the picture James and the captain made facing off with jaws clenched and arms crossed.
the place of his making. Of course, the Wehrmacht said it was in the hills and mountains where the ‘’Lion of Austria’ had been made but no, that was where he’d become this. This shell. Whatever they wanted him to be. Fabricated out of myth and unrecognizable. That had been the making of Major Rogers.
The cook beamed and Pepper bit back a smile. Tony hummed low in his throat, doing his best to do the same, but he doubted very much that he succeeded.
Bakhuizen was murmuring something, face pressed close to Stefen’s which was still turned toward Tony. A string of low urgent words left Bakhuizen’s lips: neither in German or Polish. Tony strained to understand it but he couldn't. Whatever language it was it wasn't one he was familiar with.
“Major Rogers. You need to leave Germany.” her hoarsely whispered plea reached him, cutting through the roaring in his ears.
“The first step is to get the twins to safety. They will be coming on a river boat at an unspecified date and time. I will send word through the magazine but for security’s sake there won’t be much warning.” Steve instructed reaching into the breast pocket of his jacket and withdrawing a pair of envelopes.
It didn't look good. By the time Péter and Tacha were done with the soup and it had cooled down enough for their father to drink, Tony and Bucky had given father a sponge bath with Herr Hogan's help and the baroness and Frau Hogan had retired to their rooms for the night.
The drive to St. Péter's took entirely too long for Tony's comfort. Hogan came out quickly, barely having shrugged a coat on over his nightshirt, and Pepper was just a step behind with a pair of coats for him and Péter, but with every second of time wasted lowering Stefen's chances of recovery it felt like a year of agony.
Steve’s heart began to sink into his stomach, a very bad feeling beginning to crawl over his skin.  Natacha was too still. Too scared. Something was wrong.
"That radio could be useful." Bucky retorted in a sly sort of way and Steve's shoulders tensed. Even though he'd thought the same thing, he didn't see a way to use it without raising Tony's suspicions. When he said as much Bucky rolled his eyes at him.
“Our country’s waters stand between Germany and the Atlantic.” Thor stated gravely, seemingly for the benefit of hearing the words said aloud.
“You sure you don’t want to come home with me?” Ned offered, and Péter blinked, focusing on him again. “My mum would be thrilled. I’ve never brought a friend home.”
“Tony.”  Tony blinked up at him and immediately got lost in the blue of Stefen’s eyes, because he’d stepped closer and was looking at him again as if Tony was the last real thing in the world. “I want you to come. Say you will.”
But he didn’t know otherwise either, and Tony did know Bucky wouldn’t leave Stefen in the hands of the Nazi’s a second longer than he had to. He wouldn’t leave it to chance or the last minute, yet here they were.
Steve shuddered. He blinked rapidly, but whether he closed his eyes or opened them he saw the same visions: the way she’d looked that night after she and her brothers had gone to the wood; only this time she never came home. In them she wrestled with a faceless brute who left her discarded on the forest floor like a ragdoll.
Wincing, Tony wrapped an arm around her waist and gave it a comforting squeeze, sighing. “Of course, you weren’t. None of us were, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t important. We shall have the finest party we can put together given our present circumstances. And we aren’t going to regret a single moment of it. Are we?”
Tony watched in silence as the lieutenant placed Stefen into the restraints and his comrade marched the captain down the stairs. Harold pulled Pepper back against the wall so that they could pass and when the unflappable housekeepers face began to crumple, he pulled his wife into his arms and held her.
It was a few more days before he was able to move more than at a crawl from the water trough to refill his cup and back to his nest. Another day after that for the goat Patroche to stop glaring at him like an intruder. Steve, tired and wary of the animal’s intense scrutiny, tore off a portion of his bread and tossed it toward the creature.
“I’m sure you’re fine. Fathers worry, Bambina. Daughters should stay close to home and be careful.” Natacha smiled briefly up at the old woman and rose from her chair.
. Prey limping away from the lion. Oh god.  Steve sucked in an excruciating breath, his chest heaving with breathless sobs. The children. The cabin. Bucky must have done it. They had escaped.
It was alright if he killed Stevie, his best friend, his prala, because they should have died a long time ago. There was nothing beyond that thought in Bucky’s head. Nothing at all.
“And often you don’t grow out of illness.” Tony replied and Péter looked stricken. “But it doesn’t matter because it’s just what you have, not who you are.”
Pepper had met them at the door to the terrace, handing him a small piece of fine paper with a long number scrawled upon it.
"Brother Banner, I really must insist we conclude our business. The place is in the middle of a revolt." Tony urged him quietly.
Thinking on the incident Tony couldn’t help but wonder how many friends Péter had. He certainly only wrote to a few that Tony had observed and even then most of the letters leaving the house were addressed to the Osborn boy.
“James is right you know,” she murmured lowly. “You teach above the little ones heads and below ours, and then you blame us for not thinking- throwing tantrums as if you were Sara’s age.”
What did it matter if he told? Da knew how to handle anything, he'd help make it better. Still his father was in a very talkative mood for once and Ian didn’t want to ruin it.
He saw Péter pause, tense as if waiting, and lean closer to the barrel until his ear was pressed against the wood. He must have heard something from inside, because a moment later he straightened again and continued the rhythmic tapping.
“I’m fine.” Bucky reassured her, delicately pulling himself away from her grasping hands. “Could do with a cup of your cider.”
"Nobody here is a rebel." Turning back to Tony he infused his words with confidence and command. "Nevertheless, it will stay up here and no one is to speak of it again. Make sure Péter understands."
"He didn't." Tony interjected. He didn't know why, when every instinct he had told him it was better to be quiet, but he was suddenly tired and fed up with this charade. Tony was not the enemy here.  The enemy was out there and Stefen was going to get hurt if Tony didn’t help him.
After explaining everything to him Anamarie, who was known in the group as Rogue, had asked him what skills he had that might be of use, and like a perfect idiot Péter had stuttered that he was the best climber he knew, and that he could climb the side of a house with a jar of spiders in his hand.
They made it to the river on foot, hoofing about two miles north to the place where the boat was stashed without running into further trouble. If they were lucky, whoever had been sent out after them had come across the two burning wrecks and assumed them all dead. The Avenger had been unloaded on the river bank, mostly hidden by a crop of thick trees, half in the water and the other half strategically beached and roped to a nail driven deeply into the ground to prevent her floating away.
“They’ll all get by without you, you know. You can always write letters when you miss us, and you’ll be home before you know it for fall break.” Tony murmured from the seat beside him, maybe reading Peter’s mind, or perhaps just familiar enough with the way he thought to guess.
Don’t talk. Don’t debate. A German woman stays grounded in discipline and never loses composure. She is fit for service and ready to sacrifice: For Führer. For nation. For home.
He shuddered as the liquor went down, though he couldn't be sure if it was from the heat of the brandy or from Stefen's eyes locked with his.
He knocked Switzerland down the list. No big gloomy houses and stiff faced adults demanding children that were seen and never heard. No child deserved that. Adapt. He thought of Pola, the only place from his childhood where he could remember consistent happiness. Sun and pebbly shores. His mother singing. Ana,Jarvis, and Rhodey teasing him, watching over him. His uncle Isiah and aunt Antonia. Nono and Nona teaching him to speak Hebrew and sneaking him sweets.
to take these risks. You chose not to believe him when he told you, showed you, that he wouldn’t change for you. The two of you made your bed and now you’ll have to lay in it, but the children are innocents." Virgina echoed her grim thoughts. “It's them I pity. If you turn your back on them because your pride is injured, so help me you don’t want to see what
“What is all this?” Tony asked again, this time directing his question at Hammer who was directing Cameron where to place the new arrivals.
“Damn.” Cate cursed under her breath, and Tony almost snapped at her for her language before he realized the absurdity of doing that when the two of them were standing there, made up like goodtime gals. His shock quickly bled away to anger.
“I’m a fair mechanic.” Tony said over the stunned silence, the Italian slipping easily over his tongue.  “I pride myself on being able to take things apart and put them back together. Don’t look so surprised.”
The children would...they’d be...he had to trust that Tony would take care of them. Had to. Steve pinched again, begging the pain to clear his mind. Focus him.
Tony wondered for a moment how Péter’s friends had found out he was home, until he remembered that with Christmas just a few days away Péter should have been home on break anyway, and his friends would know that.
Buckenhof tavern was like any other country pub. Clean but quaint, serving good beer and dinners that stuck to your gut and kept out the chill. He didn’t have much coin on him, but he spared some to buy a liter and ease the bartender into conversation enough to relax his suspicious gaze. They likely didn’t get many travelers through their town and now was not an opportune time to be making friendly with strange folks. But since Bucky’s wallet was good and business was business, if the barkeep had any suspicions, he kept them to himself.
Tony held his breath the entire time that the loft door rattled and shook under the man’s efforts to get in, but the latch held firm.
“For her. I want her to have it. Every little girl needs a friend to look out for her.” He explained, growing more confidant with each word as the little girl peeked out from behind her mother and looked up at him with awe.
Tony sang, squeezing Stefen’s shoulder gently and Stefen smiled, eyes swimming with unshed tears. Tony gestured to the children and they ran to circle them, joining in until their voices rang out as a group.
It was apparent to everyone in the department that the Wehrmacht had it out for the Major and there was increasing pressure from the top down to find, or even fabricate, whatever evidence would justify his death in the eyes of the people. It was them the German’s truly feared the lieutenant knew that for certain. And not without good reason. Rogers was a symbol to them, living or dead. And dead his legacy would spark a revolution. A dangerous thing legacy. It left the administration no choice but to try and snuff it out first.
“Why am I not absolutely shocked by that?” Steve retorted with a frustrated sigh at the revelation. Tony had cost the man his job which meant Vonkov was carrying a grudge that had carried better and braver men off to war. Exactly what they needed.
He licked lips gone dry and mustered up some semblance of a smile. He hoped it looked more convincing than it felt.
As soon as she was gone the boy Péter grabbed his sister’s elbow and backed away from the remaining adults, talking fast in a stream of foreign words. The sight was like a kick to the stomach, the children's obvious terror at being left with strangers discomforting.
“I’d like to sing for you. It’s a love song, my father taught me. One of the few things we shared.”  He said slowly but determinedly, his voice gaining power as he went. He raised his from the mandolin and looked out at all those gathered, who were looking up at him in somber silence. “I know you share this love with me too. And I know you’ll never let it die.”
She wasn’t. But when Frauline Werner clucked her tongue and simpered that she must miss her mother terribly she agreed.
“Now, now, there is no need for this. Vonkov. The Major is right. There are ladies present. You will apologize.” Göring scolded firmly, but he had the look of a satisfied bullfrog who had just slurped down the largest of flies.
some empty-headed creature he could distract with passionate kisses and meaningless trinkets, and when that failed he could simply bark into submission?
But sometimes it was razor sharp too. So sharp that he’d be out for his morning run and he swore he could hear the grass shifting, the flapping of birds like thunder in his ears, his mind alert for the tiniest sound or change. Sometimes that was all the warning you had before the enemy was at your back.
He’d tried to raise a good man hadn’t he? Would he take any of it back now? Even if it meant Péter would always be safe at home with never a thought of putting himself in danger, would he really want him to be less than what Steve himself had always tried to be?
He remembered the zeal of youth all too well, though he could hardly remember what Yensin had told him when he had begged his own father to let him enlist. Only that the words of wisdom had strengthened his desire to go. That was the folly of youth it seemed, and since Tony couldn’t, wouldn’t, repeat the words that Hughard had said to shoot his confidence full of holes he could only do this small thing: talk to a boy confused and try and help him see that being a man was about more than fighting battles.
"James." Stefen rebuked and the reprimand from his father was enough to have the boy snapping his mouth shut, allowing Ian to rub the towel over him. Tony hid a snigger at the dark glower he cast in Ian’s direction. After a moment he pushed his older brother away with a whine and Ian rolled his eyes.
“Some things I keep from you Tony for your own good.” Steve crossed his arms over his chest and turned stiffly away. “You don’t have to know everything.” The heat of fury pressed on his skin, in tandem with the flames within the fireplace.
He cupped a hand to his ear, leaning forward and asked her to repeat it (too many years of getting boxed around his ears) and she giggled, ducking her head as she repeated herself. Not that it was much louder, Tony was still at a loss.
“I see it every day.” He insisted with a soft smile. “Your father, he couldn’t be more a sentinel of justice if he sprang from a stone statue. Right?  Mind you, he’s just as inflexible.  It’s why you’re better with him than I am. He wisely married a very prudent woman, and fate was kind enough to gift him with a very prudent daughter. And you are a gift. Let’s face it, he’d be dead if not for you.”
She wouldn’t say the word. She knew better than most that anybody could be listening (usually it was her) but Father didn’t need her to. She watched as he slowly left his desk, crossing the short distance from his chair to hers to stand beside her. With the anger giving away to cold fear it was too hard to look at him now. She bit her trembling lip and stared at the floor.
On his return lap Ian squeaked, his head dipping under the water as his strokes faltered. Tony caught him under the arms and helped steady him.
Becker felt his smile slide off his face. Yes, there would be time later, now that he’d finally given Rogers an answer to his question. One hell of a big question.
Maria nodded solemnly and followed him over to the wood pile, sitting on the rug in her wrinkled shift not far from Natacha and Péter's sleeping heads. Thankfully the embers caught quick and it wasn't long before Tony managed to get a flame going again. Maria skootched closer to its warmth and smiled up at him briefly in thanks before she went back to staring into the flames.
Madness. Their life at the villa had been too public to ever accommodate such a risky gesture. But alone at the cabin, he thought he might have tried. A fire. A little help from Natacha and Péter to keep the younger children occupied elsewhere, and Steve would have danced with him. Two left feet or no.
“No.” The short almost brusque reply took Tony by surprise. "You've misunderstood me, Stark. They won't be here as long as that."
“Will likes to play games too. He’s horribly childish.” Holmes commiserated with a smug grin. But when Holmes turned back to him it was all business, adjusting his tie and folding his hands neatly upon the table once more.
“I won’t dock your pay, just ring with word next time.” He scolded, unwilling to just let it go. “We worried when you just disappeared.”
With the children lined up and Tony finding a spot for himself and Stefen that hopefully didn’t look as impromptu as it felt, he gave Bucky the nod.
Steve was twitchy, sure that at any moment he would hear the warning signal and that the gestapo would be breaking down the doors. He couldn’t stop wondering if these were his last moments of freedom and thinking that Tony had been horribly right about what he’d said. Steve’s war with the Nazis would cost him his life and he was going to leave his children alone and unprotected. He could have begged Margrit’s parents to take them all. He’d always said he couldn’t bear the thought of sending the children to live with cold hearted relatives to be looked down upon and treated like a burden, but really it was his pride that had stood in the way. After they’d snubbed all but Natacha the thought of getting on his knees for them had just been unbearable.
“Thank you, but I’ve actually come to make Tony some lunch.” Ian announced when he’d drained the last swallow from his mug, and felt the sweet hazy warmth of the brew settle in his belly. Willamina arched a questioning brow as she took the emptied mug from him and added it to the pile of dirtied dishes waiting for Hortense.
“Gone where?” he demanded to know. The deportations were finished for the time being and most of the looting contained, but it could still be dangerous this far out in the country, what with escapees on the run and patrols searching for them. They’d roped the local HJ chapters into helping them in their search for runaways. As soon as he thought it Steve realized where Péter must have gone. Where did he always go when he snuck out, thinking Steve wouldn’t notice?
The bed pulled up against the window cushioned his decent and kept the floors from creaking. Tony caught his breath as Péter quickly pulled the rope up behind him. Tony’s heart squeezed painfully in his chest when he didn’t see either Ian, Sara or James, but Péter grabbed his arm, nodding his head franticly toward the wall of crates when he had Tony’s attention. Good. The door was latched and the others were hiding. But Tony frowned, realizing that to hear his tapping so quickly Péter couldn’t have been hiding in one of the crates like he was supposed to be.
Tony was smart. He wouldn’t have stood still when the riots started. The Hall was large, lots of exits. Where would he go? What was behind the Behringer?? Steve searched his memory. There where shops just behind. A few Jewish businesses still remained. They’d have been targeted too. Tony would avoid them. There was some sort of public park… No, too open they’d be sitting ducks. Then where damn it!
He did not like Agent Neuman, and he was not afraid if the other man knew it. He was the type of man who engaged in cruelties, simply for the pleasure it brought him to be cruel. It was no wonder he worked so well with Herr Striker. The agent curled his lip contemptuously at the lieutenant who continued to cut away at the sausage that Frau Hogan had prepared the house for lunch. It had gone cold by the time Stevens had returned from the station but it was still better than anything he could have made himself. A godsend that woman.
“My fags, yah got ‘em?” For all his bravado, he couldn't keep some of that nervousness from seeping out into his voice. Reconciliation on Karachonya was part of the Roma code. They’d offered it to each other, but neither one of them were stupid. They knew it wouldn’t be that easy. Bucky had walked out, Roma don’t leave the familia. It was the ultimate sin for a Rom Baro, and Bucky had walked out on them to preserve himself. Like father like son. But even as he thought it, he knew he’d do it all over again. Follow Stevie to enlist. Beg his parents to stay where he could find them, send money to them. He’d give it all up, for them, for Stevie, again and again. He tried not to hear the voice of fear, the one that insisted Stevie wouldn’t give it all up for him in return.
“I’m not my father.” He tried to dissuade, but Agent Neuman's thin lips just curled in a knowing smile.
Well, Stefen was a rather straight forward sort. Tony suspected that whatever was left of the captain’s more secret business was either locked away in the small chest or had long ago joined the ash in the fireplace.
“Yes! Yes definitely. There’s a couch in the corner, see it? I kept it for just such bodily emergencies- ah” Tony yelped as Stefen cut him off mid-sentence by scooping his knees out from under him. Instinctively Tony clung to his neck in order to stave off the feeling of falling as the captain lifted him off his feet and began to stride toward the door with purpose. He hated himself for that instinct just a little bit as a jolt of anger quickly followed it.
“Well here’s what you get for getting more and more like him every day. Didn’t I tell you to stop that?”
“Relax, Cap.” Tony murmured with a wink, lips returning to the rim of his cup. “Gentlemen don't keep their wives heavy with babies, and monks certainly never touch the good stuff-”
The sound of clicking heels on the stone floor and the tension he could feel radiating off of the captain’s body drew Tony’s attention away from the boy. Perhaps with less subtly than was wise (it had been hours so sue him) Tony turned his head to glance behind them, observing the woman who had entered the sanctuary. He couldn’t help but feel a spark of amusement when he noted the blond hair, rolled on top in the style the film stars made look so glamorous. The effect was somewhat ruined by the disarray it was in, one side flatter than the other as if she’d crushed it with a helmet, and fly away strands breaking loose from the hold of her hairspray left her looking windswept.
Tony thought of Atlas, bracing himself to hold the weight of the world, as they stood in silence the both of them knowing the futility of his anger. It wasn't Tony who had used Stefen, only to turn all his hopes to dust.
Instead of answering Tony stepped backward into the room on silent feet and Stefen followed, steps measured and slow, closing the door behind himself with a quiet snick.
It was worrisome, but they were lucky he could speak at all. The damage the neurotoxin had inflicted was one thing, but Bruce’s notes had been clear on the fact that the binding agent caused much of its own and could be deadly without luck on their side. It was doing its job. He was flushing the toxic metal in his system, but he was far from out of the woods. His organs were still taking a beating, and if they couldn’t replenish the metals his body actually needed and reduce the stress on his system quickly, he could be irreparably damaged for life. He could still die.
Too soon, the hour approached when it was time for the infamous Rogers Family Singers to take to the stage and finish out the evening’s entertainment, and Tony went around the room, rounding them up. He’d found them all except Péter who had disappeared entirely from the ballroom. The hair on the back of Tony’s neck raised in alarm but he fought down the urge to panic. It was a large house and Péter could have slipped off to any number of places for a moment of privacy. Best not to sound the alarm until he’d searched the most likely options.
As he turned he felt a tug at the back of his jacket, but it was gone just as soon as he felt it like a phantom brush of fingers. Steve darted out into the street right in front of the automobile that was making its way towards them, swerving past looters.  The automobile screeched to a halt, it’s tires screaming on pavement. Steve barely managed to dodge the hood of the auto running into his stomach. He held up his hands empty, palms out.
“Father?” Péter’s questioning voice sliced through the edge of panic and Steve let out a long breath.
They were flying directly over English airspace, and Quill was in frequent communication with the traffic controllers, but there was always the possibility of running headlong into trouble.
Natacha was already dressed for the day, hair perfectly pleated, and Ian was noticeably in his clothes meant for exercise and play.
James was nodding slowly, looking equally chagrined and thoughtful as he lowered himself back into his sleeping bag. Some instinct drew Tony to the movement in the corner of his eye. He turned just in time to see Natacha sinking back down into her own sleeping bag, a flash of red hair and wounded eyes before she curled up and turned away from them.
The morning had started out beautifully; crisp mountain air, predawn light gradually bleeding into impossibly blue sky and the scent of fresh morning dew permuting the air. Antony Eduard Stark was familiar with slipping out of bed long before the sun rose and making his way through shadowed streets in search of one adventure or another. God knew, his poor governesses had tried to keep him under lock and key, but Antony’s mind had always been quicker than most children- most adults even- and even at his smallest he had never found a lock he couldn’t pick or a key he couldn’t fashion in lieu of picks.
"Best do as they say love," he heard Pepper mutter and then the stroppy retreat of footsteps as Péter left the room, slamming the door shut heavily behind him.
Every morning since the army had mobilized and the captain had been called away, the house staff would gather in the kitchen before the children’s breakfast to break bread and listen to the morning news report. Pepper and Harold had their little cabin on the grounds but with the Captain gone, Pepper had taken up permanent residence at the house. The morning meal was a chance for them to reacquaint and share a few precious moments together now that Harold was forced to spend his days playing groundskeeper since Sam and all the day workers Sefen had once employed were gone.
