“Thanks for the reiteration kiddo,” Tony said before his face plate lowered. “But I think we’ve got this.” Steve thought that, perhaps a few weeks ago, Kate would have given him a look of intense skepticism, but now all she did was nod curtly before slinging her own bow over her shoulders. She looked at Steve.
He did what he could not to think about her. On Tuesday he had gotten wise to his own emotions and started avoiding the woman. She was married.
, after all, smelling like old sweat and even less pleasant things—but he couldn’t be too picky. Steve had found an old place he used to work out at that had a back room that was out of use. They could have it for their own purposes if they paid a sum. Steve insisted he knew the guy who worked there—though the guy didn’t seem to know him, beyond knowing Captain America, or Commander America (did Steve’s double call himself Commander America? It sounded too ridiculous; he must not) or whatever—and that the room had been free for his use back in their own universe. He didn’t like to work out in the more public facilities anymore; there were too many people gawking at his all-too recognizable mug. Steve, Tony knew, wore a lot of hats. Tony could sympathize.
Days, weeks, months—even without the multiverse ripping itself to pieces, they would never be able to keep pace. They needed a solution, and
. It will not happen in any other world. Never again.” Steve couldn’t believe his ears. It was the most insane thing he had ever heard.
. All of you will. You’ll drive this whole world to ruin, the same as we did—unless we stop you first. I do hate having to harm the children, of course, but it’s necessary. He won’t be a little boy forever. He’ll grow up to be an Avenger. He’ll grow up to be a
“Well, that’s comforting,” Tony muttered. “Are you going to be fighting me all the way to Manhattan?”
? James wondered. They were getting closer and closer to that hatch. If James didn’t do anything, they’d find it.
“Clint, could you please pass the parmesan? Thank you,” 3490 Tony said lightly, as if she hadn’t heard. The table was unusually silent as they ate. Steve’s head was spinning. His double had just
“BLUE TEAM,” Kate half yelled and half gasped into the mic as she dodged yet another shot of blue light coming from the Hydra agents at their heels, “REQUESTING IMMEDIATE EVAC. SOUTH SIDE. GREAT HALL. WINDOWS…!”
“Why haven’t you told him, then? If he wants the baby, and you’re going to keep it…I don’t know, don’t parents always get excited about that sort of thing?” Tony asked. “New life and beginnings and whatever?” Antonella shot him a sardonic grin.
“I have time for coffee,” double Pepper agreed. “Nice meeting you all.” As soon as double Pepper and female Tony left the room, Pepper’s Tony piped up,
active combat,” Steve argued. He knew he was arguing. He actively ignored the infuriated warning looks of Tony, as she and the other passed champagne awkwardly to everyone in the room. The Alts were trying to make awkward conversation amongst themselves, Steve knew. He didn’t care. It wouldn’t be the first time they’d aired their family issues in front of them, and it likely wouldn’t be the last. That was the difficulty with sharing a house.
“Oh, that’s great,” 3490 Steve said, smiling. “It will be nice to have him for the holiday. He doesn’t want to fly home to see his mother?”
There was shooting. Lots of shooting. Duck, roll, run—where did James go? AIM. They looked like AIM. Aim. Clint told her aim was the most important thing. Well that hadn’t exactly been it, wasn’t a direct quote.
Steve responded in Russian, which was a bit mindboggling because Tony had for some reason, though he wasn’t sure why, been under the impression that Steve had no second languages.
,” Kate spat. She got up. There was nowhere to go in this tiny little place, not really, but she took off for one of the bedrooms anyway.
us?” Steve shot back. “They kept us in their home. They fed us, they clothed us, they let us help their team. They’re
Their classmates showed up one by one as Kate and Francis waited, sitting on the stoop to the school. Many arrived with crossed arms and contempt. Others had neutral expressions that did little to hide their more subtle signs of annoyance—clenched hands, stiff postures. Kate just stared them all down as they arrived, waiting for every last one to show up. Finally, the last group—Brandon, Madeline, Jeanne, Jennifer, Ken and a few others, all older students, some older even than Kate—ambled out onto the sidewalk. None of them looked happy either. Francis glanced at Kate, worried. He had no idea what she intended to do. She was going to ask for their help, he knew that. But how the hell she was going to
“I have no idea to whom you are referring,” Steve said honestly. He’d never seen Tony interact candidly with anyone but those two.
Kate still couldn’t contain a wince whenever she looked at the page. She was so used to seeing As straight down the page, and here she was, in her penultimate year, and she was getting the worst grades she had ever gotten. She considered, briefly, photoshopping a new report card (that would be easy) and sneaking into the office to stamp it with the seal (harder, but certainly not impossible). But no, there wasn’t time for that. Her parents
“Not just that. You should be older. You’re nearly my age, and I was born in 1970. I met the Captain in 1990, when he came off ice. A few years later, there were reports of a gamma radiation accident—the same that created the Hulk. And in ’96 I made the suit to escape capture in Iraq. That was the same year Thor showed up and we made the Avengers,” Tony said. She could still see that cave, still hear Yinsen’s voice.
if I haven’t said anything. Who asked me whether or not I wanted to go to NYMA when I was fourteen? Not Dad! Nope, never Dad. Not my
Several explosions went off, but they hadn’t gotten all of the guns. Kate kept moving. She could hear the Red Skull facing off with the other Steve but didn’t have time to stop and look. She nocked another arrow as she ran, aiming for one of the guns that was still left. She rolled out of the way as it shot at her; the arrow she’d loosed unfortunately got caught up in its blue light and disintegrated. She nocked another, loosed, another, loosed, all while running and rolling. She assumed, based on what she was hearing, that Clint was doing the same on the other side of the room. Finally, her fourth arrow made contact with the gun, exploding it and taking out the threat.
“Shit,” Peter swore. He gulped down one last bite of cocoa puffs and then took off like a shot through the house. Kate just sighed and rolled her eyes dramatically.
well his sixteen year old sister knew this guy, though—it might require him to hunt him down and bash his face in, as big brothers do. Of course, Kate was perfectly capable of bashing faces in on her own.
“I’m still not taking the picture,” Peter wheezed out. It was barely audible from where they stood, but Tony caught it. In a rage, Flash kicked him in the ribs. Peter hit the pavement again, and ended up rolling over and then onto his side.
“M—ma’am?” came the choked reply. For a moment, Tony was confused and did not abandon her position. But then the morning fog cleared, and she let go of the poor boy, laughing.
at risk of being blown up both from plasma and from cannon balls,” Kate replied. She peaked out over the top of the vehicle, bow at the ready. She took out a couple of soldiers headed their way, also running from the terrifying silver ball floating in the sky. She thought they were screaming “witchcraft” and “God save us” but that could have been Kate’s imagination’s penchant for the dramatic.
Battle was hectic. Battle was unpredictable. It was crazy. It was one hair away from a fatal wound, one instant away from total annihilation. Even though she’d trained her entire life for it, even though she knew her rhythm in it, Kate still never quite felt prepared for it. She and Alt Steve had come roaring into the battle-torn portion of the city that the Avengers and their younger counterparts struggled to defend, riding the same bike Kate had stolen with Francis. She ought to feel bad about that, she knew, but she wrote it off. It was SHIELD requisition now, needed for the immediate saving of the Earth and all that. She’d make an effort to find the owner if any of them lived through all this. Alt Steve drove, speeding them into the heart of the battle. It was only then that Kate turned on her comm.
“It’s Tuesday, isn’t it?” Tony asked Matthews. Matthews nodded. “Of course it is. Goddamn Tuesdays. All right.” Tony shifted her weight to take a more commanding stance as she addressed the strange Avengers (plus a couple).  “State your designation or we’ll assume that you’re skrulls or some other as yet unidentified shapeshifters and vaporize you where you stand.” The Other Avengers, as Tony decided to think of them temporarily, all looked quite puzzled. Perhaps, she figured, their aim was off. Perhaps they hadn’t
Jamie was messing with his bracer, testing out different settings and, as he had told Peter earlier, “trying not to blow anything up.” Mom had given Jamie the bracer with the semi-holographic nanite shield just before Christmas and hadn’t explained to him all the settings, Peter knew. He’d seen him playing with it between missions, trying to figure out everything that it did. Peter’s mother was a genius, which meant the thing probably did everything you could think of and about a thousand things you’d never guess. Unfortunately, Peter’s mother was a genius, and she tended to assume in her designs that everyone had her ability to intuit how to get a piece of tech to do all those things a reasonable person would think of and a thousand other things only an eccentric genius would. She wasn’t great at normal person friendly UI, beyond throwing an artificial intelligence at it and just letting you talk to it to get it to do what you wanted. She hadn’t gotten around to that yet with the bracer.
“What are you drawing?” Tony asked, not even looking away from the computer screen that held his attention. “You’re always drawing. When are you going to show me something?” Steve hoped that the blush he felt didn’t actually show on his face. It probably did.
“I’m kind of glad you didn’t,” he admitted. “I might’ve chickened out. Told Dad over the phone about Dwyer. Then he would’ve come storming onto the base and made a scene, so. Better this way.”
“Not drunk,” Tony clarified, pulling him down again. If Steve had dropped his towel to run both his hands through Tony’s hair, Tony would pretend not to notice for the moment. They would get to that shortly.
“Oh,” Bruce replied, too overcome with sudden emotion to say anything. He knew why his double was asking. “Oh it—I don’t—Betty and I got married before—before everything.” His double was still. Very still, very calm, very natural. Bruce felt his gut twisting for this far less fortunate version of himself. And yet at the same time he felt a perverse relief, a ‘better him than me’ feeling, and he hated himself for that.
“No, but I have a theory,” Tony said. “And if I’m right…” Tony ran back to the intercom and pressed it down. “Everyone, move
supposed to be, since last time I checked Tony didn’t mystically change genders. Start gabbing, shortstuff.”
armed anyway). Both Thors had already transformed using their hammers (though how that worked for MCU Thor considering the whole crossing universes thing, James had no idea), their Hulk was on the ground, teaming up with the Thing, though MCU Banner looked like he was doing his best to hold it together. Wolverine had taken out plenty of hostiles already. Everybody who flew—Storm, Thors, Noh-Varr, Vision, Johnny Storm, Sam Wilson, Janet Pym, Wanda Maximoff, and Carol Danvers—had already taken to the air, getting the potential AIM agents off of the rooftops and out of the buildings in which they’d taken cover.
“Sir, I wish to be where I can be most useful. Camp Dwyer is most in need,” James replied. Tony returned with the others, glasses and champagne bottles in hand. She, and the rest, took in the tone of the room instantly.
At first, Tony thought it was merely worry for his wife’s well being, which, it must have been in large part, but then, as Tony heard engines revving, his stomach sank and he realized that the Commander’s concern was not only for his wife.
that Friday when it was time to head out to Oscorp. Peter was, perhaps a little despite himself, very excited about the trip. He’d brought his camera, taking pictures for the school paper. The facilities were all state-of-the-art, and no matter what Mom had to say about them, Peter found most of the experiments their tour guide describing to be
Tony didn’t realize he was pacing until he felt Steve’s hand on his shoulder, halting his progress. They were in the Triskelion, waiting in a conference room that wasn’t too far from the medical wing. Tony had already been treated—he wore a sling for his broken wrist and a butterfly band-aid on the cut on his forehead. Frankly, he was surprised that he hadn’t come out with worse considering he hadn’t had his armor on. All those training sessions with Steve had apparently paid off, even if he’d grumbled and groaned and protested when Steve had insisted on training him. He’d managed to disarm one of the goons pretty quickly and get his hands on a weapon—but of course he’d still gotten a little beat up in the process. He wasn’t the only one—Clint had broken his nose and was still in the medical wing, with Natasha looking over him, because he had a concussion. It was just him and Steve in the conference room, waiting for the others to join them, waiting to figure out their next move.
“What decisions?” Tony asked. “What decisions can we possibly make? They’ve got us by the balls, Cap. We’re not going anywhere without them.”
“The—James’ old room in the tower, the one with the racecar bed—” he said, and Tony took off. Steve fumbled in his pocket for his comm. system, which he never went far without. He put it in his ear.
“I’m preparing to hibernate,” Peter said. He licked a dollop of peanut butter off his fingertip. Alt Tony watched him, an eyebrow raised.
“Is that why you smoke?” he asked while sketching in the basic outline of the birch tree. “To get as close to drunk as you can?” Steve could see Kate shrug out of the corner of his eye.
“Oh, please, like the army doesn’t pay you enough? You wouldn’t stop by for free food if you were down to your last ramen noodle,” Kate said. “And you didn’t bring your laundry, which, if you were here for free things, you would have done. Spill.”
“Love you, too, Mom,” he said. “Bye.” Then Peter turned to the alts and gave a short wave to them. “Bye to you too. Nice meeting you all.” There were a few muttered goodbyes in return to Peter’s, along with Pepper and Jane’s polite return of both of his sentiments, and Thor’s booming goodbye:
“Please eat something, Kate,” James pleaded. He was fairly certain she hadn’t eaten anything at all since they’d arrived.
. And it meant so much to me. He kept adding charms—I got one for winning the science fair at school which Dad hadn’t acknowledged, I got another when it was time to leave home and start life at MIT, and another when I earned my first doctorate. Jarvis gave me this one—“ Tony reached out and touched the bracelet, landing on a little charm of an angel with wings, “—when my parents died. But I realized yesterday that I’ve never given
They were silent for a while, silent except for the sound of Kate sniffling occasionally. She shifted around and put her head on his shoulder. Peter rested his head on hers.
“Actually if we’re getting technical, that would be you,” James remarked dryly. Peter felt his cheeks burn. In all his sixteen years, James had never pointed that out before, and it made his blood boil.
At that moment, a professionally dressed woman waltzed inside from the elevator, her arms filled with papers and documents, chattering on about Senator Stark’s responsibilities.
wouldn’t lie to us like that, no matter the circumstances. Slip us all trackers? Maybe, yeah. I mean, the first time you met Bruce you poked him with a little rod with an electrical shock to see what would happen—“
anything, so why would you want to stay in New York if you don’t have any friends here?” Tony asked. Steve put his hands in his pockets. It really
“Wh-what?” Steve asked, unable to stay composed. He could feel the heat rising to his face. Tony’s shirt was off. He began undoing the buckle to his pants.
“Nothing,” Steve replied. He took a bite out of his sandwich and started putting things back in the fridge—Tony was finished with his sandwich, too—he’d only put swiss cheese with the pastrami.
“And it didn’t really work here anyway, did it? I mean—things weren’t exactly going great for them, were they?” Tony continued, and Steve’s brain caught up with him. He was talking about Steve and Tony of 3490.
of sorts for inter dimensional travelers that would pull them to that spot first—Reed had designed it after the first two incidents had taken them by surprise—but that didn’t make it any less shocking when it happened.
“Then I’ll send in the big guns,” Tony said. At Bruce’s questioning look she clarified, “I’ll have Steve talk to him.”
“Aim, Kate,” he said. “Aim has nothing to do with your strength and everything to do with your strength of
alternate Steve and Tony stood; both men again. The alternate Steve waved a little. But there was also an alternate
“I guess it’s different for guys. I had to tell Mom to get on the pill,” she said. Peter wrinkled his nose.
James knew, in the moment following the uttering of that phrase, that his father would give no further interruption. He thought about running, but he knew 525 Steve would catch him even if he could slip out from his iron grip. He always caught him in their Nerf games. His air supply cut off completely. There were spots in front of his eyes. James screwed them shut.
“For listening. For not telling me you’re sure my mother’s proud when you don’t even know her. For not feeding me the same bullshit everybody else does. Because they’re not really
He wandered into the kitchen. He was hungry. He was almost always hungry. He ate an embarrassing amount, and no matter how rich 3490 Tony and Steve were he felt bad mooching. Still, he didn’t want to starve. So he got out some whole wheat bread, mayo, lettuce, tomato and some deli turkey. He was searching for swiss cheese in the fridge when he heard Tony behind him.
“I don’t know, but I’m guessing the FDA will want to,” Peter said dryly. “And probably at least a dozen other regulatory agencies. And SHIELD, once Mom and Dad come out of their stupor.”
It was a testament, Steve thought, to just how compromised he was, precisely, that he only nodded mutely. He put up no fight whatsoever. He didn’t yell or rage that he had to get AIM for what they did to Tony, he didn’t try to argue that he’d only made
“Oh,” 3490 Tony said, looking at the group. “So I did. I’ll just—” But whatever 3490 Tony was going to do, no one ever found out. At that moment, 3490 Steve Rogers walked into the kitchen. He had an easy, commanding air about him, more so than their Steve Rogers. He was noticeably older, probably by thirty years or so, making him as old as Tony. It was obvious he lived there, and Tony began to wonder if all the Avengers did before 3490 Steve grabbed 3490 Tony about the waist and kissed her passionately.
“Well, before you go just know that Norman Osborne is sleazy as hell, and frankly I have severe reservations about the ethics behind about ten percent of their projects. Also they suck,” female Tony added the last bit for good measure. She plopped her whole pile of paperwork down on an end table, to be tended to at a later point. “Are you sticking around for a bit, Pepper?” Double Pepper glanced down at her watch. Pepper was not surprised to find it identical to the one that she herself was wearing at that moment.
you’re heavy,” Peter complained as he took on his brother’s full weight, half-dragging him towards the hatch. “What did you have for breakfast? A neutron star?”
. It must not have dried quickly enough for it to harden and gain full strength. As James landed, a bullet, a bullet which would have hit Peter dead-on, maybe in the heart, went right through him. The pain, force and surprise was enough to knock James off balance—he slipped from the rafter. Peter yelled in shock and reached down with his web; he managed to slow his brother’s fall, but only just. James hit the cement floor with a sickening
“—you’re not exactly the paragon of ethical practices. But I think you have good intentions at heart, Tony. I don’t think your double’s any different,” Steve said. His smile was so genuine and earnest, and his eyes were focused entirely on Tony. It was a bit overwhelming.
them. The divide between legacies and normals was sharp and went back to the foundation of the Academy. It had been two years, and Francis, who was nothing more than your average level five SHIELD agent, still got dirty looks sometimes.
supposed to leave her hands. She took out as many Chitauri as she could but she knew her flight path was erratic. She couldn’t calm herself down. No matter how hard she tried, no matter how many times she screamed at herself
it was sending you here. It did the simplest thing it could—it ripped a hole from your universe and dumped you into ours. Unfortunately, when I say ripped, I mean literally ripped. There are tears in the fabric of both of our universes now, and widening the holes with another journey could be catastrophic. Now, it’s not
? Kate just gave him a sardonic look in response to his gob smacked expression. “Oh, come on, like everyone doesn’t see you staring after her with little lost puppy dog eyes. So you’re probably already in love with her or halfway there and my advice is worth shit, but seriously. Don’t fall in love with her. There’s no way that ends well for you. I mean, she’s probably one of the very few women who doesn’t actually exist in your universe. Well, she does, but she’s got a dick. And maybe a thing with Pepper? I can’t tell. Which I think is the weirdest part in all of this whole alternate universe thing because I can’t imagine how Pepper could possibly stand Mom both at work and at home. I mean Dad manages but that’s because he’s a saint and also because they speak in the language of bickering anyway, but I don’t know how poor sweet
“Permission to speak, sir?” James interrupted. His cheeks were tinged red. Steve gestured his acquiescence. “I requested the posting, sir.”
“What was it like? Everything?” Kate asked. It was a question she had never really had the courage to ask her actual father. Well, that wasn’t entirely true. As a curious and precocious child, the moment that her parents had explained about the strange life circumstances surrounding Steve Rogers, she had asked plenty of questions.
—” He followed them out the door and into the hall. The Other Avengers could still see and hear them fairly well, but they were out of the room.
in particular—and it’s of her holding me as a baby. And he makes her look beatific—there’s just like, this
James Rogers knew that whenever anybody sneered at him that he had ‘daddy issues’, they meant it as an insult, but honestly he was the first one to admit it. He and his father didn’t get along. James had issues with that. It affected him. He’d still sock anybody on the jaw who said he had ‘daddy issues’, but he didn’t mind admitting to
“That’s not what I mean, though I don’t really understand her reasons, either. I mean—how could we have let this happen? How could she be suffering so under our watch? How did we
“It was our best option,” Steve said. He still felt his gut clenching painfully with fear—he hadn’t liked leaving them alone, leaving them to go be
“Sure thing, gorgeous,” Tony said. She held up her hand, letting the Iron Man armor come up over the skin of her arm. She did so
“Tony—Tony’s gone. She’ll never see Peter or Kate graduate. She’ll never see any of them get married or have kids of their own. She’ll never finish that suit in the basement lab. All those vacations we said we’d take, all those places we wanted to go back to when they
“How did the explosion happen?” Kate asked, heading towards it. She was at a loss as to where to start. At least there didn’t seem to really be any Hydra agents in this area anymore.
“Oh, no, nothing so joyous, I’m afraid,” she said dryly. “Not pregnant, just alcoholic. Sober for nearly twenty years, but you know how it goes. One glass of wine with dinner and you’ll spend five years clawing your way back to sobriety. I’d rather forgo the dramatics all together.”
To anyone who has somehow (still) been waiting for this story to complete after all this time: you are the most patient saints in the world. Genuinely, my deepest apologies for the tardiness. Life gets in the way sometimes. But knowing that you all were out there somewhere, even if there's just two or three of you, made me all the more determined to finish.
as her Steve was. She hadn’t liked him. Neither had her own Steve. But they hadn’t caused any trouble, and it seemed like the most practical decision, allowing them to stay with the rest of the Avengers. Fury looked like he was considering. Eventually he nodded.
“If everyone’s going—I guess I am, too,” he said. Francis could hardly believe it. There was the whole Academy, minus the legacies and the little kids, ready to stand united, ready to forget old grudges, ready to save the multiverse. They were misfits, outcasts, and orphans—but they were already proving that they were heroes, too. The wind bit at Francis’ cheeks, and his hands were going numb. Kate and Jeanne worked out a few logistics as he waited and the others began to head inside. They would join them at the safe house later when they had gathered their belongings. It would simplify and streamline orders, even if it would make living spaces a bit cramped again. At the end of it, Kate and Jeanne nodded to one another curtly in respect, and Kate headed to the motorcycle. Francis climbed on behind her.
“I said puppies and kittens, not cats and dogs,” Steve clarified. He put his pint down on the bar. “But fine. I’ll pretend, for a moment, that you’re being completely honest. Even if you don’t like kids, they’re only around a few hours a day. They don’t interact with us when they can help it, unless we invite them to first. So this isn’t about dealing with them, is it?”
“They must still have some in reserve. My former partner—Obadiah Stane—he was double dealing under the table. I had no idea until he ordered the hit on me that got me kidnapped,” Tony said. Steve’s gut twisted.
“Awwww,” Teddy said, moving to join the ‘rejects’ for the session on the other side of the room; they would leave before things got started. Dad had invited a bunch of the most promising students at the academy (plus Peter) to help assess the alternate avengers in fighting technique, teamwork and communication, and ability levels. The team they had ended up with, however, was whittled even further from the invites—Dad had picked a single player per Avenger, trying to match them as best as he could. James was the head of the team, playing as Alt Cap’s equal. Kate had gotten booted off the team in favor of Francis to play Clint’s match—they had decided that Kate’s extra super genes were an unfair advantage. Peter was on the team to play Natasha’s equal, though David Alleyne, a mimetic mutant who had gotten rejected from the Xavier’s after a few questionable involvements, had been another considered option. Torrun was the obvious choice to fight Alt Thor, and Teddy
“I don’t want—I don’t want to talk about anything right now,” Peter replied. “I just—I can’t believe Mom—” Peter couldn’t keep going. Dad just hugged him again as Peter felt tears prickling behind his eyes.
Fury had said they had been built, once upon a time, for smugglers. The passageway was tight and small, so much so that Kate had initially been a little afraid the other Steve
know how to hot wire this thing. Get on and grab hold,” Kate said, fiddling with the controls. It probably said something of Francis’ trust in Kate that he did as she asked without argument, his arms sliding around her waist.
been going on. Who knew how long the kid had been bullied for? Was this not an isolated event, him coming home with a black eye and cracked ribs and no one even noticing? Tony could guess how isolating that must feel.
“He’ll do it,” Peter said. He inspected the ingredients his mother had laid out on the counter. “You forgot the eggs.”
“To James!” everyone repeated, and the sounds of clinking glass filled the room. When the noises died down, there was a bit of an awkward silence, but Tony, as ever, was the first to break it.
“So you took four unnecessary turns to get to the bathroom in the next hall over instead of taking two and going back to your room? Uh huh,” 3490 Steve said. “Sounds perfectly logical.”
“Right,” he said, and he was about to head back in the other direction when he realized something. His eyebrows knit together. “What are you doing here, anyway? Hanging out outside the lab for no discernible reason?” Steve let out a deep, throaty chuckle.
“I could recommend you some reading, if you’d like,” Peter offered. “Loan you a few books. I don’t understand it completely myself, but, we’ve got a better library here than anywhere else on the subject.”
Peter sighed in relief when he finally reached the door to the basement—he felt like he’d been walking forever. He opened it up, then headed straight up the stairs to the overhead hatch. He shoved it open and heard it hit the other side of the floor with a dramatic clatter as he stepped up. It took him less than a single second—
,” Steve said. He understood Tony’s desire not to alert the AI to the fact that they were discussing him. Steve wondered how much he could hear even if Natasha
“Your leg is—?” Kate began, finally turning her gaze fully to him, one brow raised. But she followed
Peter was fine. Tony checked on him too. He didn’t have much to say about his school day, but that wasn’t unusual. Peter’s knowledge had long since passed the academic capacity of his public high school, but he’d never wanted to graduate early. Tony could understand that. She guessed, by the lack of friends he possessed, that he didn’t have the best time of it in school, being so small and kind and smart. Sending him to college early would be a mistake—it would only ruin the social aspect for him. Tony had offered private schools and home schooling, but Peter preferred to be where he was, so Tony didn’t argue. Whatever made him happy was fine in her books.
“I’m not certain how good his control is,” she said, pointing him out on screen. Dr. Banner regarded himself for a moment.
“You have ten seconds to explain who the hell you people are and what you’re doing in here,” the young man said.
,” Kate replied with bite. She rolled her eyes and reached for her tablet, hoping to end the conversation.
“Oh, what the hell,” Tony replied. And that was how Pepper found them in the morning practically drunk on sugar and exhaustion and giggling about science and memories only Tonys could understand.
in the sky? I had the best chance of living through that blast, anyway—and I need to know that you’ll
“I made my family miserable this past week,” Steve said. “God I—I know I’m being selfish, but—what kind of man does that? I left my wife days before Christmas. I left my daughter, recovering from a
. So Kate showered, using her most potent, floral-and-fruit bodywash and strawberry scented shampoo. She smelled like a candle store when she exited, but it had washed away and masked the smell of weed. Hair still wet, she crafted it into a perfect bun on top of her head and dressed in a simple black leotard and pink tights. There were all sorts of fashionable things you could do with a leotard—you could wear one in a different color, or buy one with a design to it, or add a sheer skirt—but Kate preferred a simple, low-back black leotard and pink tights. Anything else detracted from the real beauty of ballet—the movement, the body, itself. She put on yoga pants and a comfortable t-shirt over it for travel, and then she was out the door, on the way to the studio with Happy.
eavesdropping. This was no longer stumbling-upon-the scene innocence, and he was beginning to feel a bit perverted. He walked away a bit until all he could hear was
His dad gave him a long look. Peter looked back, making his expression as blank and innocent as he possibly could. But his dad knew what Peter looked like when he was lying, and Peter knew he knew it. His dad’s arm moved from one shoulder to the other, wrapping fully around him as he pulled him in for a one armed hug, squashing him to his side.
“Think that’s the whole reason we’re here, Stark?” Natasha asked, joking. “It’s a great cosmic message against superhero marriage?”
“So pull your heads out of your asses before you get us all killed,” Nat finished, and then headed to the ladies’ locker room, the door clicking shut behind her. Tony felt stricken. Steve looked stricken. Clint and Thor just shrugged and headed into their own locker room, but Steve and Tony stayed outside the door. Tony felt the urge to scratch at the back of his head, but he hadn’t removed the armor yet, only the faceplate.
to tell him, but she knew she didn’t want him to find out from a myriad of positive tests in the trash.
“Basketball! Perfect!” Tony said. He dropped the welding tool on a workbench and threw off the mask entirely. “How about we play a bit? There’s a court on the eighth floor.” Steve blinked, caught off guard as Tony walked over and jabbed the button for the elevator.
“Not unless you’ve a direct line to the Great Beyond,” Steve said with a laugh, but Stark’s troubled expression only deepened. “I mean, there’s no one. Thanks for uh, checking in on me, I guess.”
“Everything ok?” Tony asked. 525 Tony turned to her, something in his eyes. At the time, at that moment, Tony assumed her double was homesick. With hindsight, she wondered if it was regret, regret for the things he knew they were going to do, reluctance to go through with their plan. She wondered if he was about to warn her. But after a brief second, 525 Tony turned on the charming smile again.
Steve left his room quite early in the morning, putting the coffee on and making up some toast and scrambled eggs. He was definitely not up early in order to avoid Tony. That had absolutely nothing to do with it. It didn’t matter that he  knew the man had no regular sleep schedule and would probably sleep until noon and thus not be in the kitchen at five-thirty in the morning. That didn’t factor into Steve’s thought process one tiny little bit. If Tony happened to wander into the kitchen at that very moment, Steve would be
“All right, all right, enough!” 3490 Steve commanded. Both to Tony and Steve’s surprise, they shut their mouths. 3490 Steve just rolled his eyes. “You’re worse than James and Peter, you know that? B team hit the showers and cool off. We’ll debrief when you’re not still incensed.”
, do you hear me? Because you keep saying stuff like that and—Tony, we’re all upset that Tony—the other Tony—is gone. But I—we’re so glad that
“I’m not gonna take a picture Flash, come on, put him down. Gordon, Gordon, don’t eat it. Don’t eat it,” said Peter. Oh yeah, Tony remembered with a start. At school, his name was Parker. Peter stood at the edge of the crowd, his oversized hipster camera slung around his neck. Tony had called it that the first time he saw the scrawny son of the Captain running off to school with it. Peter had replied that he might be a hipster, but at least he didn’t need a red and gold suit to compensate for anything. Tony had sputtered at his sass, not expecting it. 3490 Tony just laughed.
“We need answers, Nick,” Natasha said coolly as Steve struggled to get a grip on himself. “We need to know what they want so that we can prevent this collapse.” Fury snorted.
“Aw, come on, big guy, if you’ve got to get mushy with somebody it might as well be me, you don’t have a therapist in this world,” Tony needled.
“Mitochondrial DNA,” Tony replied. She slipped the needle expertly into a vein and drew back the plunger. The syringe filled with dark red blood. “The results will be specific to your universe. Also one particular enzyme in the blood—that should be specific to your space-time as well. We’ll pin point which universe you should be from in our classification system, and once we’ve done that we can start the process towards getting you home.”
Tony regarded him with a look that spelled suspicion. Caution. Perhaps, even, if he squinted, sympathy. But if there was any of that last there, it was gone quickly.
“I get that this is supposed to be a good thing,” Tony murmured to him as some of the Avengers kids cheered, “but why do I feel like now we’re about to face down Bowser?”
“I don’t think your argument was petty, Steve, and neither do you,” Natasha said, ever the voice of reason.
he liked her. He wouldn’t stick around if he didn’t. But some misplaced sense of honor kept him even from
than I do. If we have to drug her and stick her in a prison until the end of their stay, so be it. You tell me what needs to be done and we’ll do it.”
“Because I know why they redacted the file on 525,” Coulson said. Natasha knew him well enough to know that he was unnerved behind his impassive mask. Natasha felt dread building in her—it was the worst. She knew it. It was everything they’d feared.
“I was wondering how long it would take you to show up,” he said. Tony felt caught, like a deer in headlights.
over the age of thirteen to show up for an emergency meeting. They couldn’t get into the building—it had been closed ever since the attack on Stark Tower threw the Avengers and SHIELD into chaos, with the kids who boarded there unable to take even their normal day classes—so they’d waited out on the sidewalk, watching their breath turn to clouds as they waited for their classmates to show up. Kate didn’t even like a good number of them, and a large portion of the Academy
The Avengers weren’t long away on their emergency mission—Thor took care of the issue almost single-handedly before the others showed up. So around four, just before their children arrived, mature Steve and female Tony—although, really, Pepper could class female Tony as
“It’s weird for me too, you know,” Steve said. “I mean I think it’s weird for all of us—Clint’s got kids here too, after all, and so does Bruce. But—I
, though Natasha refused to use the nickname)—knowing as she did who he was to Steve, now, as well as to her, Natasha wondered if he had something to do with her double’s silence.
“TOO MANY TO BOTHER COUNTING,” Kate shouted back as she loosed another arrow. It was true, too. She was having difficulty keeping tack—which was unfortunate, because she knew the exact number of arrows in her quiver and she knew she had to be running low—but she had no idea what number she was at yet. She just hoped it would come down to a moment when she needed an arrow and couldn’t find one.
,” Kate demanded. Francis looked hesitant. He looked like he might actually go for a moment, but then something set in her face and she knew he wasn’t going anywhere. A knot tightened in her stomach.
yet; he needed at least three dates for that). “You know there are some things… there are some things
Bruce had seen a lot of grisly things in his days as a doctor. He could remember the man who’d had both eyes gouged out in a gang war with perfect clarity, could still smell the piss on the man’s body as his bowels emptied in terror and pain. He could still see kids ripped apart by bombs, could still hear the moans in makeshift hospitals for people undergoing medical treatments without anesthetic as much needed drugs were sorely lacking. He could remember a thousand last days—every sick person, often with a disease that could have been preventable with better health care or cleaner water or safely regulated food or just a roof that wasn’t so drafty. Bruce did not know how much death he had seen. So really, when he looked down at this beaten and bloodied twenty-two year old, Bruce had seen much worse a thousand times over. But that didn’t mean he didn’t realize how dire the situation was. He pushed his glasses further up on the bridge of his nose and rolled up his sleeves as he kneeled on the concrete next to the unconscious boy. Bruce knew with certainty that without the extra help of James’ special genetics, he would already be dead. They didn’t have much time.
. I can build the basics, but I don’t know how it goes from ‘blasting a hole in the universe’ to ‘blasting a very specific hole from this universe to the next one in a manner that does not rip them both in half’,” Tony said. His mouth turned down in a grimace. “The more I work on it, the more impossible it seems, to be honest. I almost wonder if they’re not just stringing us along with promises that will never come true.” Steve took a seat next to him at the table, drawing up a stool.
“Chuck them back into their universe as soon as we’re able. Tomorrow, if we can, or the next day,” she said.
But today he still found himself drawing Tony, almost absently, and despite the fact that Tony was not in sight. There was just something…magnetic about the man, Steve thought. Something intangible but compelling.
“They’re wildcards,” Francis argued. “Juston? Attacked his school with the Sentinel. Robbie? Pickpocket and burglar extraordinaire. Taki’s clean. And that’s pretty much the dynamic of this whole school, let’s be honest. Look, I’m not saying it’s right, pigeon-holing them. I’m just telling you how things go around here.”
“Sorry, honey, we’ve got take a shortcut,” she said. Her armor grew up out of her—a sight he would never truly get used to—and Steve grabbed on without question. She flew them down to the ground, where everyone had gathered. People were still flooding out, but as he saw the penthouse crew running outside, he relaxed. “Ok people, we need to back up. Get away from the building, as far as possible—”
“Emergency signal. Good,” Peter said with relief. If no one had been looking for them before, they would be now.
. A little Long Island winter won’t get them down. I’ve always liked Snowdrops for that reason too—we have a patch here in the garden of those, over there. Just when you expect the snow and the frost to kill everything here, you find those little snowdrops popping up, against all odds,” 3490 Tony said.
“He’s been here a while then,” her father replied, expression darkening. “The Hydra agents are homegrown. Your red skull has been here—for God knows how long—biding his time. Building up his agents. Planning to make his ‘new universe order’. Whatever that means.”
all prefer it if you headed home now. Your earth has been without you all for five months—it probably needs you.”
“It is pretty cool, huh?” Peter agreed. “There’s nothing more beautiful in all creation than science, is what Bruce is always saying.”
“Get me Billy. I need him to help me get James back to the bunker,” Bruce said quietly. Azari looked down at James dubiously, then back up at Bruce.
, is what James meant to say, but his brother cut him off. James should have, perhaps, noticed his brother’s slowly darkening expression as he spoke, but he didn’t. He really
“Shut up,” he snapped. He shoved the key card into the door and flung it open when the lock turned green. Steve joined him inside, shutting the door behind him.
For a minute they sat in silence, before Steve became hyper aware of his cold, bare chest. He grabbed his own shirt and started to put it back on. Tony was still lost in thought, so Steve grabbed Tony’s pants and held them out to him. Tony looked up at him, startled.
. At least, Francis wouldn’t feel right about it. But Kate felt strongly about him, and Francis felt strongly about her—more strongly than he wanted to admit—so Kate and Francis had decided to make a promise of sorts. They would be together when Kate became of age.
“Not Hammer Industries. Their tech is worthless,” Steve replied. He’d seen its very uselessness when Stark Industries had stopped contracting with the military. It hadn’t been pretty. There had been many times when he’d cursed Tony Stark, the unreliable genius playboy inventor who had stopped his company’s weapons production after suffering captivity in Afghanistan. The green movement might be a worthy cause, but Steve hated to see his boys get taken out because of inferior tech. The Senator just laughed.
should have tried to see things from her side sooner. I shouldn’t have shut her out the way that I did. Was I always so horrible to her?” Steve turned to Natasha, feeling his stomach clench painfully.
“He left. He’s going to spend a few days at the Triskelion,” 3490 Tony said evenly. Nothing about her tone relayed distress. She spoke like it was the most natural thing in the world for him to go. She made it sound so typical that for a moment, Steve thought perhaps it
“Then how did you end up married?” he asked. Ah, Tony realized, this was what he was hoping for all along, when he saw her sitting alone in the kitchen. He wanted the story. He wanted it in all its romantic glory, wanted to know how a version of himself had managed to fall in love again, had managed to obtain that one thing he craved above all—marriage, children, a loving home. Well, who was Tony to deny him?
“You’re going to kill us all!” Steve shouted to the Red Skull. He knew it was a futile effort. Insanity could not be reasoned with—but a part of him just had to try. “Yourself included! You’ll destroy the whole multiverse!”
,” Steve replied, looking Tony squarely in the eye despite his urge to stare at the ground. Tony blinked.
“An aversion to needles seems strange with you,” Tony settled on saying lightly to defuse the tension in the air. “Although it does make your backstory all the more impressive, all things considered. Do I have any volunteers, or will I just have to close my eyes and stab someone?”
“A bit,” Francis said as they walked through the halls. Peter didn’t know where they were going, but Francis and Kate obviously did. “It does factor in. I mean, look at me—I don’t even
An intern—was it Emma? Mary? Well, she was a skinny little redhead that reminded Tony of Pepper, anyway—set Tony’s coffee on the small table beside her. Mary or Emma or whomever she was learned well and quickly. Tony picked up the coffee and took a sip. She couldn’t remember when it was that she had last slept. It felt like a long time ago. Steve wouldn’t have let her go more than two days without any, but Steve had been away on a mission for three weeks, to return this evening. Tony took another gulp of the drink—this must be day three, then. Luckily, the day had been relatively quiet. If this quick sweep over the Atlantic didn’t yield any unusual data, then she’d be able to fly home for dinner. They had made reservations at one of Tony’s favorite places.
“When you’re off duty sometime then. We’ll all go for drinks,” he said. “You know, you don’t need to stand there, there are these nice leather seats here for a reason.” He took off his sunglasses and squinted. “Did you put your sunglasses on to come
Peter had never in his life been short on time with his father. It was a luxury, he knew, and as he got older he appreciated it more. He appreciated how, even though they were often gone saving the world, his parents worked to make time for himself and his sister—and even James too, when he was around. They had never had a nanny, nor had they been sent off to boarding school. They had, when they were too small for school, SHIELD agent babysitters whenever their parents weren’t working from home or were off on a mission. It had been often, sure, but Peter had far more memories of building Lego masterpieces with his mom and drawing with his dad than he had of being put to bed by rotating SHIELD agents. Even as he’d gotten older, the activities might have changed but his parents’ presence hadn’t. Now he worked on building robots with Mom and fixing up a vintage bike with Dad, but the essence was the same.
Peter pouted and kept arguing in a snark-off with male Tony. Bruce elected to join his double at a computer while he ran specs on some of Peter’s blood. So far the blood itself seemed normal—Bruce had his suspicions that the bite had somehow altered Peter’s genetics but left most of his essential human-ness alone. At least, he hoped that was the case.
“I’m not certain that we did,” Phil replied, a smile still on his face. Clint knew what that meant. They’d been tailed.
It was low in the ground, clearly meant as some kind of emergency ventilation for the basement. The glass shattered and Kate got on her stomach on the debris-covered sidewalk, peering inside. It was too dark to see anything.
“It doesn’t affect me. Doesn’t mean I don’t drink occasionally,” Steve said easily. The bar tender returned with a pint, and Steve took a long swig just to prove his point.
“Peter,” he said. Peter didn’t even bother speaking. He just hugged him. Based on how tightly he held him, Peter knew that he had needed that. “You know I love you, right?” Peter nodded. Dad held him tighter.
She wondered if the past was getting as inundated with strange visitors. She wondered what that would do to the timeline. What if George Washington got eaten by a dinosaur? What if Skrulls attacked the Shang dynasty in China? What if Nazis were given extraterrestrial technology?
universe, might still by cryogenically frozen somewhere, his mind wiped and his body used by evil people for horrible, evil things that Bucky would never do in his right mind. And Steve just—he didn’t know what to do with that information. It was his fault.
.” Steve could imagine that was true. He himself could run thirty miles an hour if he pushed himself, and James had appeared to have inherited the super genes. Kate was already storming towards the gym. Steve put out his hand.
I always wanted to finish this piece, and it has been on my mind for all seven of these years, a little niggle at the back of my brain. I have to say, whatever the quality of the end, it's a relief to have finally written it.
Torrun found herself tuning out again, zoning out over her soup. It wasn’t that she wasn’t interested in tactics. It was just that they had had this discussion a hundred other times. Kate was always the one to bring it up. She was a shrewd tactician and ruthless when it came to keeping all of them in line. But the problem came down to numbers. They needed more. But they just didn’t
“Since when don’t you like spaghetti and meatballs?” Tony demanded as Peter hoisted himself up on the counter near where his mother was working. She looked at him more closely. “What happened to your face, Peter? Are you ok?”
But nothing dealing with 525 would really ever be over. Tony knew that as she stared at her dead double with the smoking hole where his heart should be. This would never leave them.
“And… Well I just wanted to know more. About the circumstances. Because—well—we can all do the math. You said you’ve been married for ten years but your kids are sixteen. So it probably wasn’t ‘for the poor children’ that you decided to go with it. So I’m just—I’m trying to understand why you would marry him. I know you said it was because you love him, and I get that, but…I’m just looking for the turning point, I guess. Because you had kids with the guy, clearly you loved him long before you agreed to marry him. So why six years later?” Other Tony asked.
Breakfast the next morning was brighter than it had been. Everyone seemed to be happy to have James back, even if he didn’t appear to be feeling overly conversational. It brought back a certain degree of normalcy. The Commander still seemed overly quiet, but occasionally he smiled for his children, even chuckling gently at a wry joke of Kate’s. But it was clear he was still lost in his own mind, in his own grief. Tony watched him, without even realizing he was doing it. He was thinking about Antonella, and about the secret she had carried to her grave. His own Steve would want to know, so wouldn’t this one? They seemed pretty well alike in everything else. But then again, his own Steve hadn’t just experienced the pain of losing his spouse. How could he
scrimmage team,” Kate retorted. “What, you afraid of a little competition?” Brandon sat back in his desk, leveling a murderous glare at Peter’s sister. Kate stared back, unflinching, and eventually Brandon looked away. Dr. Pym coughed.
to me. Maybe not directly, but a lie of omission—and you fucking well know it’s the same goddamn thing, we’ve been through this enough already! You just think you can do anything you want without any accountability don’t you? Here I was, thinking you’d
,” into her hair over and over, but they both knew it didn’t matter. He was going to leave again anyway.
“No, if you did it would be less impressive,” Bruce said, arching an eyebrow. “Go home before you fall over. You can’t tell me you could actually operate the suit like this—you’re bordering on a liability right now.”
Of course, things never worked out that way for Tony Stark. Knowing her luck, the ship would be dragged into the ocean by a Kraken before they got enough altitude.
dad, didn’t they?” Kate regretted the words as soon as they had left her mouth. All the color and the fight drained from her mother’s face. Her arms uncrossed to rest helplessly at her sides, and suddenly Kate remembered that there were, indeed, chinks in her mother’s armor. Her mother moved and sat down next to her on her bed.
“I was taking care of something for Coulson before I came,” James said by way of explanation. He turned to the Alts, an apologetic smile on his face. “Sorry. I can’t say it’s never happened that I’ve shown up at the mansion to find skrulls masquerading as Dad and Tony. Or killer life model decoys. Or
“It’s not our gang, Bruce,” Tony told him as she walked over to meet him. She nodded in the direction of his own double. Bruce blinked. Other Bruce stared.
“Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes? I do know him, actually. Good man,” Steve said. And he was. He was a good man, easy going, always good for a laugh. Steve had met him twice: once with Bucky, once without. That seemed to be the way Steve measured things in life, now: with and without, before and after.
“Oh? What about? Is everything ok?” Tony asked. She didn’t know if she could handle it if the other ‘verse was having problems they expected her to solve, too.
“Problem is, we don’t have a way to track him,” 3490 Clint said. “We think our best bet will be to find your Fury and figure out where
“Friends!” Thor boomed. “I bring glad tidings. Our journey is almost at an end.” Steve couldn’t help but stare at what he held. The 3490 Avengers hadn’t shared much of what the Infinity gauntlet was capable of—but their own Thor had filled them in. It seemed impossible that a glove could fix the multiverse.
Tony highly valued her alone time with her husband. She never got even half of what she wanted, so this? This peace and tranquility? This uninterrupted period to just
—better.” They all hit the ground as the Mark 42 swooped over head, Steve shielding them all as it attacked with its repulsors. Tony recalled, in the back of his mind, developing those repulsors. He recalled Pepper coming in, asking him what he was doing, she thought he had stopped making weapons.
“—And James called earlier. He’s taking furlough for Christmas, he’ll be staying with us at home for a few weeks,” Antonella spoke to her husband as MCU entered the room.
to do that, of course, but, something unpleasant stirred in her stomach at the thought. It was one thing, lying to her parents about her grades. It was another thing entirely to actually change her grades to something she didn’t earn. There was a knock on her door and Kate felt her whole body tense.
. I had a dangerous job and insane business hours. I didn’t sleep for days, was practically on a caffeine drip, and still deeply craving a drink. I wasn’t fit to be a mother. I knew that. I told Steve I was pregnant—and I was a sobbing mess when I did it—and then told him I was making an appointment at the clinic and that would be the end of it.” Antonella looked at Tony. It always startled Tony, how her eyes were the same exact shade and shape of his own. If one could look at eyes alone, they would never be able to tell the two of them apart. Tony thought, erroneously, of the old saying, of eyes being “windows to the soul”. He shook the thought away as soon as it occurred.
James had been surprised when they didn’t just up and leave instantly; but as they’d debriefed at the old bunker, the MCU Avengers had all exchanged glances with one another when asked if they were headed home now. James didn’t think they’d spoken about it beforehand, but they seemed to be on the same page regardless.
at public speaking as well. He spoke too quickly, used too many pop culture references, and had no reservations about using swear words or being crass. Still, in some ways Steve admired him for it. There was an honesty in his communication that could not be denied.
“Yeah, whatever, just don’t slip into a coma and die on me,” Tony said. He left the room and shut the door behind him.
features more clearly outlined on another face. It had not passed out of Peter’s notice how much he resembled the man—likely because he resembled Howard, who Peter’s dad had always told him he resembled. His mother had never said as much, but Peter understood that was for other reasons. Peter had just always found it odd (well, not so much odd as disappointing) that he so resembled a man he had never met instead of his own father. When he looked at James there was no doubt as to where he had come from—but when Peter looked in the mirror, he didn’t see it at all. Except, weirdly, when he looked at his mother as a guy. He could easily pick out the features that were his own—and what he was left with, well, strangely enough, were the features of his father. This alternate version of his mother was a filter—but that made Peter wonder in what
“Guess you really are Captain America’s kid!” Francis shouted back. “You’ve got the ‘rousing speeches’ thing down, anyway.”
“Nothing that would cause permanent or serious injury,” Mom said. “Remember to shout ‘dead’ if you get somebody in a position where you could have killed them in real life.”
“Game Over,” an electronic voice declared. “Time: Twenty Minutes, Eight Seconds. Deaths: One Player, Blue Team, Four Deaths, Red Team. Winner: Blue Team.”
, I feel I should inform you that while Tony did not detail it in her list of forbidden places, the lab is definitely off-limits, hence the locks on the door.”
“It was my job to make sure she knew. I didn’t always—I didn’t always do that job as well as I should have.
“We won’t know until we have our people take a closer look at it,” Fury said. “Which we are doing. But for now—Agent 81, you are
, I haven’t seen a single one of these things pick up and start flying away,” Tony argued. Steve ripped into the guts of another doombot, pulling out wires and circuitry as the thing fizzled and sparked.
practicality. But he was wrong. I didn’t really like admitting it, even to myself, but I was happy to get married to him. I was happy to spend the rest of my life, even if it was supposed to be very short, with the best man on the planet, and my very best friend. So really, despite all this elaboration you asked me for, my original point still stands: I married him because I love him. So what brought this on, anyway?”
“Of course,” he said, smiling warmly at the both of them. He looked tired. He wrapped his arms around her waist from behind and kissed her head.”What is it, Steve?”
to understand. But now more than ever she felt it in her bones. Her family was out on that field. Peter and James and her father—the only bits of her family
“What the hell happened? I could have sworn there was only one of you guys this morning. Stark you haven’t been experimenting with one of your bright ideas again have you? I thought we told you we don’t want a repeat of the Ultron fiasco.” Clint grunted out as he struggled with Steve.  “ Dude! Chill the fuck out! We are on the same team.”
“ Ergo, first real sexual experience was with you. It was just hand jobs and the such with Peggy. They were kind of explicit in that argument.” Nat continued.
The man named Bucky went to one of the girls in the line. “ How about this one? She has some nice tits by the looks of it. Do you mind dropping the dress sweetheart? See like I said a nice set of tits.”  The girl had dropped her dress to reveal to naked body as she gave the blonde a sultry look. And Tony got to admit she had a nice rack. Maybe under different circumstances he would have tried to woo her into bed.
Harry smiled and shook his head. He just needed to get Peter tucked in and he will probably be out like a light. He reached down to take of peters shoe.
Winghead ignored him still and moved to the side and tried to lunge at Bruce who moved out of the way. Tony jumped on the merman’s back as he bucked wildly, angry at the sudden attempt to restrain him. He reared and flicked his tail, knocking Tony off and into the water.
“ We didn’t know that. Steve didn’t know that. He had been pining for Tony since he came out of the ice. He loved Tony. You could just tell. His eyes would always find him in the room no matter where they were or how crowded it was. In the field he would always watch his six. He always made sure Tony was safe even at the expense of his own safety. He couldn’t imagine a world without him.
Suddenly steve s fingers were ripped out of him and Tony winced from the rough exit but that was forgotten when he heard the menacing growl and the sound of someone going through a wall. He sat up and saw Bucky’s white wolf form in front from Steve Sable colored form. They were both almost as large as a horse, and Tony was able to visualize  the large sinewy muscles flexing under their skin. Tony noticed Bucky’s front metal leg whirling and saw sharp metal claws extract. Steve growled and flashed his teeth. Tony noticed that his shoulder was bleeding from a deep claw shaped gashes.
Tony felt himself bob on Steve’s dick as Steve began push up and into him fast and hard. Tony whined as he grabbed on to Steve’s chest to prevent himself from following forward.
Steve his Irons Man’s Shoulder, causing him to grunt. “ Enough! I don’t want them to hurt you! And guys stand down. I’m fine. He wasn’t hurting me.”
“ Well I think it would be more dignifying if we call him Steve. Dr. Strange did say that was his real name.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “ Tony, you don’t have to do anything. We’ve discussed this before. As the alpha of this relationship, it’s my responsibility to provide you pleasure, you don’t have to do anything in return. I honestly don’t mind.” He leaned down and placed a kiss on his temple before dislodging Tony’s hands and backing away to go retrieve Tony’s coat.
“ Don’t dad me.  He is probably having immoral thoughts. I don’t want him pressuring you into some S and M horror.”
“ Yeah i Remember that. You were definitely telling someone not to stop.” Clint said with a mischievous smile as everyone else laughed. Tony looked aliens confused what was going on?
“Did you not learn from the last incident? You were trying to have sex with a college student so that he could give you alcohol. Poppa literally kicked your ass.”
“ He does too! Ask Stevie for something. There must be something you want.” Bucky was looking at Tony now.
James sighed again. He wished their parents would fucking kill him right now while he still had a sliver of dignity left.
The two men, one a tall, muscular brunette and a other willowy blonde.  Tony wanted to scoff at the names of the two men. Even away from work he was followed by people named after Shield agents.
It didn’t take long for Tony to come after that and Steve followed shortly after. Steve barely kept himself from falling on top of Tony.  Tony thought maybe he had blackout a bit because the next thing he knew he was wiped clean and the not- Steve was nestled behind him, kissing him behind his ear.
They quickly scurried over to the bed and nestled themselves around Tony. Tony pulled the blanket up and was asleep in a matter of seconds.
I hope you like this fic and I am looking forward to your comments. Also I would appreciate if you could help me find these 2 fics. Steve gets into a fight withDr. Doom and turns out to have a mind of a toddler and wants to do nothing but hug Tony. The second fic .is Steve x Tony. But comes back into their lives. Bucky it jealous of Tony Tony thinks Steve is neglecting their relationship since he is Steve’s boyfriend. In the end, Bucky and Tony end up in bed together and Steve is happy. End game Stuckony. Can you please find me at ao3 Littlewildcat and comment on one of my stories if you find anything or need more info or can’t find anything.
“ I know, but I thought you would look really sexy in it. Like if you don’t want to wear it I understand but I really thought you would look sexy.”
Tony walked up to him until he could feel his breath and glared at him, “ Some prick who won’t let me see my friends.”
“You bastard! You said you wouldn’t hurt him,” he growled as he punched him. Grant yelled something incomprehensible back and began to swing as well.
Steve leaned down and kissed his forehead. Tony wanted to scream if he was given a chance to recover, Steve wouldn’t let him go anytime soon. Steve covered Tony and pulled on some pants before sitting at the edge of the bed to look at Bucky.
“ Dr. Banner, I want blood samples and whatever else you think is necessary from this man. Can you get me the results in an hour?”
The baby cooed and reached out to him. Tony smiled and nuzzled his head. The baby giggle and ran his hands over his beard.
She faded out of the screen to show Steve in his Hydra outfit minus the helmet. He looked to be he was dying the quinjet.
Tony back away from the couch. There was no way he could fight him. He was more a feral beast than that happy puppy a few minutes ago. Tony moved slowly and tried to get toward Steve but Bucky saw that and jumped, creating a barrier between Tony and Steve. He kept his eyes on Steve and growled.
But he won’t treat Tony like that. He was going to treat him like a king. He wasn’t going to mess this up. He was going to be his knight in shining armor.
“ Oh god, did you think it was because we would stop you? Do you really think that poorly of us? Of me? I just want you happy Bambino. Even if that means giving you up.”
Hi everyone! Thanks for reading so far. I’m going to be busy real soon and I don’t know when I’ll be able to update so I wanted to post this chapter before that happens. I am looking forward to reading your comments! Thanks!
Peter felt his face burn when he caught himself staring to long at the muscular chest and strong abdominal muscles.
“ I’m not. Steve, I really don’t.” Tony leaned forward and placed a chaste kiss on Steve’s lips. He pulled back to assess his reaction. He just stared back at Tony in awe and placed a hand on his lips. Tony smirked.
Tony didn’t know this Steve. It wasn’t like his Steve. The Steve who ironed all his clothes even his underwear. The Steve who never cursed. The Steve That was always polite. The Steve That was...
Peter squeaked in indignation and turned red as Tony sided with Rogers and asked about the same thing.
Tony noticed Bucky seemed to recognize him with the way he shifted his weight and stiffened. He put the sand wich in the couch rather the plate, Tony cringed. He really didn’t want to have to clean after the mutt.
James looks at his phone and sighs when he read the text message. He typed out a quick reply, telling them he would be there right away. God he had become such a fucking pushover. He couldn’t believe he was going to ditch his SHIELD training so he could get tampons and some ibuprofen.
Steve whimpered and braced himself. “ I’m close... so close...” he panted. He could feel the bed begin to move with iron man’s movements. He grasped Iron man’s head and brought him down for a kiss. He couldn’t kiss back, but at least Steve could show him how much he was enjoying it. Steve felt iron gauntlets under his knees push him upward and spread his legs wide as iron man took him in a new position. Steve screamed in pleasure.
“ He doesn’t really do the villain stuff anymore dad. He even helps me as Spiderman sometimes when he isn’t working.”
“ You son of a bitch! I’m going to fillet you for this,” Howard yelled as he brandished a butcher knife. Steve yelped and started to run.
‘ Yeah, That fucker.’ Tony thought. But he just smiled. “ No, I’m think I’m good.” Lately he has been bringing up His age more and it was starting to piss him off.
Wade was so good to him. He wanted to take care of him. How did he find someone as kind and understanding as him? He never pressured him and had spoiled him afterward, making him food and cuddling with him. Wade had even sent him texts regularly
Hi! Thanks for reading so far and Happy New Year! I look forward to reading your comments. Also please kudos if you can!
“ Yes, of course, because you need to show how impressive-ow! What the fuck Nat!” Clint yelped as he rubbed the back of his head.
Tony looked at Winghead who was currently snacking on the Goldfish Tony had bought for him earlier that day. “ You win this round.”
Tony glared at the two super soldiers, “ Aren’t you two going to explain yourself. You two are the reason why I’m covered in bruises.”
Tony leaned forward sand kissed him again. He wrapped his arms around his neck and pulled him close. Steve lowered his hands and felt up his ass through his jeans.
“ Do you remember the stories I used to tell you? About the Winter Solider and His friend, Captain America?”Howard has put his fork down and was now looking directly at Tony.
“ Well Im not bonding with them. I’ll be bonding with Tony.” Clint said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
Steve pulled out gently and rolled to his side, pulling Tony on top of him and bringing a tired Bucky closer to him.
Tony turned to watch steve pant softly as he held out a monster of a chair in front of him. It looked specially reinforced. As if it were made to hold up a large robot.  He lowered the chair slowly next to Maria and went back to his own seat, not once looking at Howard.
“ Thanks for tuning in for your weekday nightly news. As you can see we just received stunning footage from a man claiming to be Tony Stark. This same man also appeared at the high school where Steve Rogers’ children attended and had attacked a group of high school teens who were alleged bullying the Rogers twins. After a the break we will have an exclusive with our analyst Christine Everheart regarding this matter.”
“ Attention” Steve called. He was in his training uniform. Next to him was Grant, similarly dressed.
“ Oh god...” tony whispered. He heard Natashas panicked voice in the background. It was all white noise.
Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. This was his family and he wouldn’t change it for the world.
Tony nodded.  They made their way down to the courtyard were Bucky was waiting with a small band of guards. Apparently he was like the second in command and often organized the security detail for Steve.
“ But seriously though don’t tell our parents that I’m seeing Wade or texting Harry. They would flip.”
“ Steve you bring some guy home without telling anyone, I think that is something we need to talk about, especially since it’s him.”
Peter giggled when he saw how much longer the sleeves where than his arms. Harry shook his head. At   Least he would be dying for someone as cute and sweet as Peter when Stark finds out where is son is and whose clothes he is wearing.
“ You have Ultron send me a next to meet you at a park?” Strange asked with a raised eyebrow as he stared at Tony. So yeah, it may seem weird to be in a blue trench coat with thick sunglasses and a hat, but he was trying to conceal his identity and he really didn’t have a lot of options.
Also it turned out that they at one point were able to speak. Unfortunately they grew out of practice when they returned to the water, but Peggy was quite literate and spelled out whatever she needed it say in the sand. Tony made a mental note to give her a Starkpad later so that they could communicate better.
Stony fic where Tony is in love with Pepper but she grows tired of him so doesn’t allow him to court her anymore. So instead he marries Steve to make pepper jealous. Endgame stony. It’s a series. Last time I read it there were two stories. In the end of the first story Tony runs out from Steve to see Pepper and steve becomes sad  as he realizes the Tony may not love him. The second story, Tony realizes he loves Steve and becomes jealous when Bucky shows up after fighting in the military. Tony becomes upset the Steve spends so much time with him and starts a fight with steve regarding this. This is like a two part series. And at the end Steve and tony end up together.
Tony waited for Steve to wake up, he was sitting next to him in the medical bay. Even though Bruce said that he was unconscious for an hour, it felt like forever.  Steve opened his un swollen eye, his left one  completely shut and black. He was covered with bandages, which was already leaking a little red again. Bruce said that multiple bones were broken including six of his ribs.
With that Tony steered Peter away from a very startled looking Harry. Peter mouthed sorry at him before looking forward and getting into the car.
Tony had taken off his pants and spread his legs wide. He popped open the cap and liberally coated his fingers. First he circled his hole with a single finger, getting himself used to the simulation. Tony felt his respirations slightly increase. He pressed it in slowly, gasping once his finger breached his hole. He circled it around slowly. It’s been a while since he had to do this. It hasn’t exactly been on his top ten list of things to do.
He shasayed over to Steve and placed a hand on a bulging bicep. Steve ignored him. Oh he knew how to solve that. Tony  walked in front of him and lowered himself down to his knees as he reached the zipper. Steve jumped in surprise.
Sam, Bruce, Thor, Natasha, Tony and Clint were all in the gym.  They were haphazardly dressed and all look as if they were trying to still wake up.
He needed to get this bastard in bed naked. He didn’t want to go back to whatever disgraceful act that this man called sex. No sex was supposed to be fun and this man was far from it. It didn’t seem like he was going to dump him anytime soon so he might as well train the man properly.
“ I can’t fucking believe you! I knew you and Tony had some issues but I didn’t think you would Take your homophobic bullshit out on him. I have only been away from home two weeks and you broke his fucking wrist and then you hit him with a baseball!” Rhodey had been ranting at him for the past ten minutes. Steve was sure that he was less afraid when he was facing Nazis. He wanted to disappear into the chair he was in that was across from Tony. He had vehemently insisted he sit there until Rhodey gave in, which took about thirty seconds. He would have probably cower if he hadn’t been kind of peeved with a certain brunette.
“ Are you deaf? I said hands up?” Tony stared in shock at the man dressed up in his Full Winter Solider regala plus the bad eyeshadow job with a AK-47 pointed at him.
Rhodey laughed again. “ You will be bored within an hour and start trying to upgrade our planes. Not going to happen. I love you man but I also love my insanity and my job. And you on a base Wyler destroy them both beyond repair.”
Tony helped Bucky line himself up and allowed him to push himself in.  Steve lined himself behind Bucky and Tony saw his eyes roll back as he thrusted himself swiftly into Bucky. Huh, Tony thought, Bucky must not need any prep.
Tony just nodded and followed Steve as he dragged Clint toward the elevator by his ear like an angry mother from the 40’s.
“ Loki gets mad with me all the time, but he always allows me back into his bed when he has gotten over his anger.” Thor said
Tony nodded. Steve and Grant who sat on either side of him nodded as well. Whether it was their own opinion or they just wanted to please Tony and go along with whatever he decided Sam did not know. “ Well that’s fine. We   Can have you three have sessions together. “
Harry chuckled as he lowers his head and placed a kiss on the shaft of his penis. Peter would have jumped off the bed if Harry’s hands weren’t there. Harry chuckled again. “ Gotta stay put love.”
Grant had settled himself against the head of the bed and watched as Tony lubed his cock and and was already lining it up with his backside. He carefully lowered himself. He was a lot bigger that he could have imagined. He closed his eyes in concentration and kept slowly lowering himself until he was fully seated. Grant was panting heavily, eyes half way lidded.
Tony wanted to face palm himself. Leave it to Howard to Howard to think everything could be solved with Money.
Loki rolled his eyes.  “ He has, but i have a personal moral code against gold diggers. Especially those you try to take advantage of those who are downtrodden.”
“ Tony, are you sure you want to get into a relationship with the two of them? I mean look what Steve did to you.” Pepper asked.
“ I want you to stay the hell away from that boy Peter!” He growled the moment they stepped onto his floor.
Steve gave him a sad smile and his eyes to began to water, a lone tear trekking down his face. “ I don’t want to but I must. You’ll make it out of here. I believe in you.”
“ He sounds like he has been following Tony for a while and when Tony appeared out of the blue he probably thought that he was finally reciprocating his feelings even though that the man never met him before.” Sam said.
It had been a week since he had left the Tower and he was further up north. It was relatively peaceful and he didn’t pay any mind to the isolation to the place. It was small, probably under nine hundred square feet and the living room was basically his bedroom. The closest store was about two hours away and he was quite honestly fine with That. It allowed him to work discreetly without any disturbances. He hadn’t even thought to turn on the television until tonight. He just had been too busy on working on updating Friday to the grey headpiece that apparently turned into a suit.
Quentin smirked and grabbed Peters hair roughly and leaned to and began  to kiss him. Peter moaned into the kiss and that was all he needed to for Quentin to slip his tongue through his lips and into his mouth. Quentin pulled back and briefly marveled at the swollen red lips that he had been kissing seconds before.
There were a mass of bodies, pushing and grinding against one another. He moved with the music, raising his arms over his head before letting them travel down his body sensually. He was a good dancer. He knew he didn’t get that from his pops, who was still a terrible dancer even after all these years. He got it from his dad. He even thought him a few styles like the waltz and some other moves.
Grant began to thrust harder and Steve began to bite into Tony as he screamed in pleasure. Grant clenched his teeth and grunted at every thrust he delivered into Tony. He get Steve begin to hump his backside.
Steve smiled back. “ How do you like it here? I know you haven’t even been here for a day, but I would like to hear your opinion.”
Steve growled and nuzzled Tony’s leg. “ Can we just send him to Wakanda until we find something to make him remember? I don’t want him near you.”
Tony just sighed as he turned and opened the door. Hopefully he was going to have some sort of distraction in this place.
“ He doesn’t have a concussion right? I mean he seems with it.” Tony was hovering around him, his robe shut tight.
Tony moaned into his mouth. He deserved an Oscar for how well he has been faking enjoying this. Tony opened his mouth a bit and Steve slithered his tongue between his lips, and tracing the cavern of his mouth.
“ Please....please...” Tony did not know what he was begging for when Steve began to fondle with his balls, pulling a bit at his right way, causing him to curl in on himself in pleasure.
Howard sighed. He knew better than to go against Maria’s wishes.  He wanted to do nothing else but protect Tony but he had to know what dangers he had just expose himself to when he had sent in that tape. The whole world now knew there was another Tony Stark.  He wanted to hold Tony just as Maria was doing and tell him everything will be all right and that they love him so very much. Seeing him with the semi destroyed suit and burns scared him. He could have been killed. Not to mention that asshole Commander could have injured Tony as well.
“ Possibly so. I hear they do Pay well for those who Can give an adequate blow job.” Pietro sneered.
Steve turned back to the group and looked directly at Tony. “ Sorry for the mess, I didn’t know I would be having company. Do you want something to drink. I’m sure I have something around here... I got water? Is tap water fine? And I have snack too... I think. I’m pretty sure I bought some Cheetos and some point. I don’t think they’re expired yet.” He asked, a little nervous as he quickly moved around and tried to tidy the area up.
“ Either way, we should get Strange involved. He will be an expert on this subject.” Natasha supplied.
“ And he was against me in your little so called ‘Civil War.’ Of course I wouldn’t want to be alone with him. He will always take Steve’s side and will be bias. You need to be here to Monitor and stuff.”
“No need to be polite. Just say the bastard is good to go so we can send him to the police. They would love to hear that you raped the son of two beloved American heroes.”
Tony groaned as he got up from the bed. Why was someone knocking at, he looked at the clock on the nightstand, 4 o’clock in the morning? What the hell was their problem.
Tony wordlessly nodded as best he could with the side of his face pressed against the floor. Steve leaned down to kiss him but it was wet and sloppy and Tony couldn’t care less right now with something rubbing that nice spot inside of him.
“ Whatever you say, bird brain. But In all seriousness Tony, if Steve gives you any trouble just let me know. I can have Bucky deal with him. He is nice, but he can be an asshole and clueless. He sometimes needs to be guided in the right direction.”
“ I’m just curious Stark,” Nat began,” what the hell did you do in bed that cause him to throw his back. I know of your reputation but I didn’t know you were this wild in bed.”
“ Yeah just like that baby. Suck it. Show me how good you can suck.” He encouraged. Steve swirled his tongue and moan loudly. Iron man pulled out his fingers and gave Steve a loud spank on his right ass cheek. “ You like that? Huh? Like me spanking that ass? So tight....I can pound you all day..” he delivered another spank to his rear. Steve cried out at the impact.
Steve shook his head. “ No. I don’t want to rush anything. I know the others probably said some things... about you know... me sleeping around, but I don’t want this to be like that. I don’t want you to feel pressured into anything or feel like you have to do anything. I want us to take our time and really get to know each other.”
Tony smiled as he felt tears run down his face. “ It’s nice to see you too Fri, now let’s get out of here.”
“ You are mainly here to provide him emotional support. He has issues with depression, anxiety and PTSD. Bucky has been tiring to get him to do therapy but he refused and there is no way in hell he is taking medications even if they were somehow not affected by his fast metabolism. So the only other option was a support, and Bucky he Been trying to pair him up for awhile without Steve knowing. But you don’t have any training in that area, so I don’t know how much it’ll benefit him.” Clint elaborated.
Quentin smirked down at him. “ I’m a villain sweetheart, comes with the territory. But first let’s see what’s under that mask.”
That was total bullshit. They weren’t planning a date night this week and if they were they would hire a babysitter, aka Natasha. And said babysitter would be responsible for babysitting Peter as well. He had tried to convince them that he didn’t need one, but his pleas fell in deaf ears especially after they found him in his birthday half dressed with Wade.
He reached behind him and grabbed onto Iron Man’s buttocks encouraging him to push down and rub against him.
So when Steve said ‘walk’ he meant like ‘ walk’ as I’m waking a dog. Tony had a leash attached to his collar and he was walking next to Steve.  He had taken him to the estate’s private gardens and led him aliens the cobblestone trail.
Tony huffed and relaxed into Steve. He was quiet for a bit. “I’m still pissed with you. I want pizza.”
“ It’s just a joke Steve. We all know that you are the real pet and this human has you by the balls.”
Tony looked away and began to close his robe as best he could with one casted arm. “ Sorry. This was a stupid idea.” His eyes had begun to water as if he were about to cry.
“ Class,” The teacher called from up front. Peter looked up and saw the boy from earlier standing next to his teacher. “ This is Harry Osborn. He is a new student here and I would like you to give him a warm welcome.”
“ What is wrong with how I dress?” Wanda seethed at Steve, completely ignoring Tony. It’s not like he minded. Nope he didn’t mind it at all.
Quentin turned and saw Peters worried face. He looked around and saw that he appeared to be in a hospital room.
Steve groaned at the memory. This is why Tony won’t date him and Keeps on ignoring him. This is why is has to result to following him (not stalking, mind you). But hopefully that  is all about to change.
“ Just stick it in me and fuck me. And you shut up.” Tony snapped as Grant looked like he was about to say something. “ If something other how tight my ass is or how lucky you are to be fucking me come out of your mouth, you both will be sleeping else where tonight. I don’t care if you paid for this hotel, you will be sleeping right next to the resident stray cat outside. And Rogers you better not treat me like some piece of china. I want you to thrust in and ride me hard. Ride me like your life depends on it.”
“ I meant to clean earlier, but I got a little busy... do you mind moving?” He snapped at the brunette man in the couch. He woke up startled and looked up at him with a bleary look on his eye.
“You want to bring that up? Huh? How about HYDRA? I’m pretty sure you did some shitty things with them. Want to go down that path? At least I do what is right and protect the innocent unlike yourself”
It turned out Howard and Peggy, the female mermaid with the short brown hair,had been best friends during the war as both were ecstatic to see one another. Out of the original pod only Peggy, Steve and Bucky had survived.
Bucky smiled at him and walked over to embrace the man. “ Hey there ya crazy bastard. What are you doing here?”
“ I’m glad you’re here you know. I thought I’ll never get the chance to be with you. But here you are. I am so very thankful and blessed that you are in my life.”
Tony held on to Bucky’s head as he felt his hips move on instinct. Steve pulled Tony’s head away form his mouth and began to assault his throat with kisses and bites. There would probably be love marks in the Morning but at this point he did not care.
The man smirked. “ Well i don’t care what you call me, but Stevie over there just call me Tony because he will be yelling it later once you all leave and let us do the horizontal tango.”
“ Do you want me to finger you baby? Open you up with my tongue? I know you said you never done anything penetrative before and it will be too soon to mount you. But I can make you feel so good Peter... do you want that?”
“ We Aren’t planning anything. We just wanted to help with your suit. Ultron is not going to hurt you. He helps us.”
“ Huh, Thats interesting. Well he was a superhero. The Tony in our world used to dress up as him for Halloween when he was a child.” Rhodey said.
“ What was I supposed to say to the reporters. I really don’t Believe in gay marriage or this gay thing.”
“Oh! Oh god!” Grant muttered. He gripped Tony’s hips tighter, trying to move him along faster. Grant began to moan loudly.
Tony tilted his upward, waiting expectantly for a kiss. Steve smiled and leaned forward to press a kiss onto his lips. Tony sighed into and allowed his tongue to slip past his own lips to lick at Steve’s. Steve groaned and allowed Tony to enter his mouth. He felt Tony’s appendage explote his mouth, coaxing his own tongue to play with his.
Steve smiled. “ Yeah. And now their monsters who can’t even put their bowls in the sink.” He said as he motioned to  the bowl Pietro left on the table.
“ It’s because Hydra obviously wants him. We need to find out why and make sure it’s safe first to release him.” Nat explained.
The knocking had stopped, but Tony knew he was still there. He could feel his presence. Tony stopped in front of the door and took a deep breath. He straightened out his clothes and his hair the best he could. He might as well look presentable, make it seem like he was adapting well and was not suspecting him of anything sinister.
Tony eyes snapped open. He was still in his stomach and he looked up. The room was no longer white but looked a lot like his cabin. And there was Howard in the fore front of the Rag tag group of super heroes who seem to be waking up from some type of nap, glaring at him.
“ Damn, I wanted to be the one to kiss him first,” They separated quickly and looked at Grant leaning on the door frame.
Tony felt him grind against him. The cotton material of his sweatpants not doing anything to hide the hard on the this Steve was currently sporting. Tony put his arms around him and held onto him. This seemed to always make this Steve happy is his happy sigh was anything to go by.
“ Yeah, He is interested in me alright. He has a freaking kid. And aren’t they dangerous ? What happens if they sing?”
“ So yeah. I’m here to give you some lube and give you a far warning to prepare with as many fingers as possible because I’ve seen him naked and he’s huge. Makes me a little jealous.”
Natasha met him in the garage because Winghead was refusing to leave the car and they had to drag him out. They finally settled for Tony running to the conference room to where everyone was so Winghead could follow as he didn’t want to be separated from him.
Tony looked up at Winghead’s curious expression. Winghead dropped a tennis ball on his lap. It looked a lot like-
Steve eventually withdrew his hand and sat back in his heels. Tony heard the foil packet of the condom tearing as Steve rolled the condom on himself. Tony felt Steve grab his legs and spread them a bit. Tony just looked up at the ceiling and waited. He tried to think about other things as Steve breached him. Maybe he can get a cheeseburger after this.
Quentin looked down at his outfit. Peter has always liked it and told Quentin all the time how he looked nice in it. He just didn’t think he had liked it this much.
Tony turned to Coulson. “ I thought I met my quota of seeing you for the week? What are you doing here?”
“ Bucky I told you I was busy tonight.” Steve growled as he stopped and draped his body over Tony, shielding him from the stranger in the room. Steve didn’t like others looking upon Tony’s naked form.
“ He means that we are embarrassed babe. Not by you. By the fact that we got caught. And you know...”
Tony tried to clench around Steve to hold him in, but Steve just licked that sensitive spot on the make of his neck to let him let go. Tony squealed and softened up again.
Steve continued to swim a distance away from the man made beach and Howard sent him an occasional glare.
“ You’re so unfair! I hate you!” She shouted back as she snapped to the direction of what Tony thinks is her room.
Schmidt was like the parental figure of the group. He was the overburden mother who couldn’t keep up with a cluster fuck of children. That’s the only way Tony could classify him as. He even had bedtimes set for them, a curfew of 10:00 pm, which he strictly enforced to ensure they all got their rest. Even he persuaded Tony to go to bed early, which surprised him. He gave him some teas and limited his caffeine intake to help him sleep. It was quite interesting how persuasive he could be.
Quentin groaned as he came to. His head was pounding and he felt like he had been ran over by a truck.
He glared at the red head. “ Watch what you say next. He was no good for her. I love her. I don’t give a shit about her race.”
He never seen Steve shirtless before in his world. If he did, he was sure he would have turned bi. The man looked like an Adonis.
Tony was so happy to have coffee that he allowed Steve to tie a cloth napkin around his neck. He wasn’t going to question, he got his coffee after all and as long Steve didn’t try anything funny, then it would be fine.
“ Heard? They basically shouted it in the middle of the conference room,” Wanda drawled.   “ I don’t think there was anyone who did not hear it.”
Tony cried and panted as he gripped Steve’s hair and clutched his head with his legs. Steve would die a happy man if he suffocated like that. It didn’t take long before Tony came.
It was true once the guy had said he was ready Steve was very gentle and a completely different person. He seemed extremely surprised at the change in temperament and seemed to be genuinely enjoying himself. He then offered to come back tomorrow if Steve was interested. Steve just shrugged in response. It didn’t matter if it was just a copy. Anyone could be a copy, no one could be the real thing.
Peter wailed at that. “ He broke up with me! He cheated on me! We couldn’t hav sex because-because I was sc-cared.”
“ I knew it was fucking you, You bastard! Now get the hell of my son before I throw you off,” Howard snarled.
“ Ok this is painful, let me intervene. You two are such fucking idiots.” Nat said as she got in between Tony and Steve.
“ Fuck you too pal,” Tony sneered. Tony’s head swing sharply to the side as the palm of a hand connected with his cheek.
The man gasped and gripped the sheets he was on. Steve looked at it in wonder. Can Tony look like this? Would he like something like that?
“ Don’t worry there will be others. You are a good looking, smart and kind. You are the complete package. Anyone will be lucky to have you as a boyfriend.”
Tony panted as he grinded On the thing below him. He classified him as a thing as he wasn’t human, vampires were definitely not human mind you, and he was currently being a bigger pain in the ass as usually. Both figuratively and literally speaking.
Coulson just gave home one fo his friendly smiles. “ I was just leading Miss Potts to you because she told me you have some paperwork to sign.”
Most of his brothers were there too. Morgan was 16 and was a spitting image of Tony both personality wise and physically. He was one of the reasons his parents waited so long to have kids. The other reason was not at the table yet. His parents never stated those two were the reason why they waited to have more kids, but it was pretty obvious with the amount of trivial those two caused. The youngest member of the family was Jamie who His had had given birth to just last year. Steve had him in his arms as he started to eat his own food.
“ Yeah something like that. Supposedly Bucky was used the most according to the report. The others were being trained. Nat was saying there were more. But They didn’t make it. Who knows how many of them were killed.”
Tony felt something touch his hole . It was blunt and large and Tony didn’t need to be a genius to guess what it was. He grimaced slightly as he felt it widened. He bit his lip to hide is discomfort. He wanted Steve to have this. He was going to give him this. When he bottomed out, Steve gave a loud groan and held himself still above him.
Tony smirked and sauntered over to him. He could do this. He can seduce this man. “ Is that supposed to be code for anything?”
“ I fell in love with him the first time I saw him. I had ripped off his faceplate on the Iron man suit and I saw the most beautiful man underneath.” He then chuckled, “ I had paused long enough that he hit me with one of his repulsors. I had a bit of trouble fighting after that.” He was blushing heavily now.
“ But does that really allow him to behave as such? The man has been pulled over multiple times for DUI and has been shown to be in the possession of illegal drugs since the months following Mr. Starks death. I know everyone grieved a little differently but is it really alright for this man to get away with drug possession, drug use, assault and other crimes just because he is grieving, Director?”
Also I am looking for a Peter x Tony fanfic. Tony starts talking dirty to him in bed and insults him. It Hurts Peters feelings but he doesn’t say anything as he doesn’t want to upset tony. Please let me know if you know the name:)
Harry pulled it from the hanger and handed it to him. Peter slipped it on over his head. Harry really didn’t realize how much smaller he was compared to him despite the lean muscle covering his body.
Sam shrugged. “ I don’t know. Just keep your head down and try not to make him angry. They always say the Solider has a violent temper but they have never seen the Commander’s. We will come up with something. “
Tony disentangled from the blanket and stood up. He knew he was going to regret this. He began to push the furniture out of the way of the door. For some reason it felt a lot heavier this morning. Either he was getting old or it got heavier over night. It was definitely the latter. Most defiantly.
He thinks of the single tulip, of a long gone conversation with Bucky, of how the flowers had to have been Bucky’s choice and not Tony’s.
He opens a set of doors and finds Steve and Bucky. Seeing Steve so defensive at the sight of him stings something deep in him, but he won’t let it stop him. He cares too much for Steve, for his happiness, to let things get even worse than they already are.
“Oh,” Tony adds, “and cancel all override codes. Only Alpha level can stay. Make sure Nat and Rhodey can’t—can’t see me.”
Today is the celebration of his parents’ death. Brooklyn throws a feast for all to attend, remembering the fallen heroes that fought against the Stark’s tyrannical rule. The orphanages—slowly dwindling in numbers, thanks to the King’s generosity and incentive plans—are spruced up and filled with laughter, happy children dancing with each other without understanding what this day really means.
Anyway, when we came back and he asked me to date him, I told him that my fiancée had died 6 months prior and I was still grieving. So what does the bastard do? He shows up the next morning with a Medal of Honor for Reilly and flowers for me. Even after I told him about Rye, he wouldn’t leave me alone. He followed me everywhere and there were a few close calls. Some day I just wanted to show him that I was black but he probably would have killed me.
“ Exactly sixteen. You’re still a child. And you go to a private school, which I pay good money for. I am not going to deal with you getting detention again for not wear your uniform so get your ass back in your room and dress appropriately!” He snapped.
“ how about we just focus on you now? Huh? And wreak that little right asshole if yours?” Bucky said in a husky voice as a finger traced the puckered hole. Tony squealed and cuddles back into Steve who had now wrapped hisEld around Tony.
“ And I made the barbecued pulled pork, coleslaw, carrot soufflé and I have an apple pie in the oven.” Steve said.
There was a knock and one of the guards opens the Door. Tony looked up. He gulped when he saw the Slave-master.
Tony used his legs to grip Steve’s waist as he brought up his arms to wrap them around steve, pulling him in close. Steve grunted and clawed are the bedding like some wild animal. Tony knee steve had to be getting close as he got more feral as his organism neared.
“ How they get so friendly over night? Wasn’t Cap just threatening to throw Grant off the balcony the other day for eating his breakfast burrito?” Sam asked as he ignored the TV and saw the two interact amicably.
“ Fuck...fuck... fuck! S- so good Steve. Keep it going.” Tony cursed between kisses with Grant. Steve leaned forward and began to kiss his neck. Tony broke his kiss with Grant and turned his head to kiss Steve. It was all teeth and Tongue and Steve accidentally  bit Tony, but it was like a masterpiece to him.
Tony smiled as he slung the bag over his shoulder and began walking again. There was no point in standing still. He needed to keep moving.
“ Trust me I know. But for sirens they take it very seriously and killing ones ownmate or potential mate. He is pretty depressed. He hasn’t eaten since you were dragged out and for the first few hours he was  calling for you. Not that you would be able to have understood, they speak a different language than us.  He has also waited by the door for you hoping that you would come back. And now he is curled up on his little beach, not eating and crying.”
It really wasn’t that hard to get out of the Tower. It was made to keep people out not in. He had Ultron do a much needed reboot. No one had thought to update the poor thing but fortunately for Tony that meant he would be out of commission for a long while. He also grabbed some prototype gauntlets and repulsors from the land that could fit in his duffel bag. He had already packed some cash, food, a gun and other essentials in there.
“ Hey it was a hell of a vacation. I have no complaints even if the reason was kinda screwy,” Rhodey laughed.
Yeah, Tony took back everything he said about these people being his dream parents. That was a not too much. He could live parentless and be completely happy. Who needs two nosey geriatrics trying to set him up with his best friend.
Pepper took a deep breath and looked at Tony. “  Um... I just wanted to make sure you woke up in time for your meeting. But I think it would be better if you found him some more clothes. “
Tony tossed the box behind him and placed his hands on his hips. The area where the box had been was chaffed pretty badly, but the surface was still intact. “ There we go, no more-Omph!” Tony felt himself being pushed back and his body was caged by Steve’s torso while his fin was nestled between his legs.
Steve repositioned himself between Tony’s legs and rolled on a condom and slicked himself up. Tony held his breath as he felt Steve grab his right leg and held him open  and led his encouraged erection toward what Tony knew was his asshole.
Steve began to kiss all the way down his body, by passing his cock, to look at the pink hole staring back at him.
“ You know it’s not you fault right? Bucky even said so. I even proved it mathematically to you before. I can again if you want me to. It just happened. It was an accident.”
“ Ok, school is important whatever. I get it. Now are you going to help me with my homework? Please I’m begging. Like is there like some rule you have to help me since you’re like banging my dad?”
“ I love you two,” Tony said quietly as he felt them entangled their hands with his own and curl their bodies into him.
Tony greedily are his doughnut as he walked around the indoor track with Rhodey. Steve had forbade him from going outside due to possible safety concerns and the last time he had tried to leave Steve had barricaded the elevator door. He would have probably carried Tony to his room and nailed the door shut if Bucky hadn’t intervened.
Tony realized there were others in the room. He saw a dark skinned man in sitting across from him with the man named Bucky. On the floor were a red headed woman and the same blonde from this morning who were eating what looked to appear to be sandwiches.
“It’s alright Sammy, come here.” The woman look unsure as she stepped toward them demurely. The brunette held out his hand and she took it as she sat on the couch.
“ I guess every couple is into something. Like Pepper and I have our own things. Why? Did Tony do something?” Rhodey asked worriedly.
In the end, both Grant and Steve decided to take off everything but their boxers and sat down in the table with the blankets just wrapped around them.
“ What the hell is their problem. What the fuck did you do to them Stark?” Clint snapped. His foul mood wasn’t unjustified. He was black and blue and was sore as hell. The Commander has sparred with him and didn’t hold back his punches and when Clint decided to get testy, he got literally beaten into submission. So yeah, he was allowed to be a little ticked off.
The minute he walked through the elevator doors of the Tower, Maria had slapped him on the back of the head and dragged him to the couch by his ear.
“ You look a lot like the engineer. You know that Tony Stark guy” Sarah rambled. Tony moaned appreciatively  as she kneaded a particular knotted area in his left shoulder.
Tony glared at him. “ I don’t bitch. These are justifiable complaints. The man in overly controlling. I’m surprise he lets me take a shit without supervision.”
Steve leaned forward and kissed the tip of his nose. “ Now lets watch a movie, shall we?” With that Steve turned on the Tv and put something on.
Howard day down next to Tony On the living room sofa. “ Tony I’m not mad with you and I will never intentionally hurt you, but what you did was dangerous. You just outed yourself to the world. Before it was all conspiracy but you just proved that it is not. Do you understand?”
“ Yeah...yeah baby just like that.” Tony panted. Tony grabbed his nails up and down Winghead back, and was quite sure he was leaving welts in their wake.
“ We got some chicken wings!” Bucky shouted as he tossed the boxes onto the table. Clint and Thor were following close behind with cookies and Asgardian Meade respectively.
His phone went off again. He really didn’t want to look at it but he knew he better if he didn’t want to get his ass torn a new one again for not checking in. He understood their worry, he really did, but it was only one near death experience. He won’t have one of those everyday. Well hopefully he won’t.
“ Ummm.... he doesn’t do to well in public settings. He’s very shy. I think he will not handle it too well if we move our relationship along that quickly. I think it will be better to ease him in a bit. He just has a lot of anxiety.”
Tony looked at him bewildered. No, this was not right. His friends were still in that hell hole. He needed to save them! It wasn’t like they could just skip over them. These were living breathing things, ...people.
“ Wait... wait.. Has Stark asked you to film a sex tape yet? I know he’s had a couple leaked in the past. I could imagine him wanting to do one for when he leaves on a business trip and can’t bring you two along.”
Also I am looking for a Peter x Tony fanfic. Tony starts talking dirty to him in bed and insults him. It Hurts Peters feelings but he doesn’t say anything as he doesn’t want to upset tony. Please let me know if you know the name:)
“ I’m glad you like it. I hope that makes it easier for you as you try and acclimate here. We have other humans like you here as well. They are all pretty nice and you should be able to make some friends. We are going to meet some of them for breakfast. I’m sure they will like you.”
Steve sighed. “ It’s just that what happens if he doesn’t love me? I mean it feels like he used me to run away.”
“ Stark, if i thought I didn’t need your help, I wouldn’t have gone out of my way to ask you. To be quite frank I don’t like you. I can’t even stand to be in the same room as you. And I know you feel similarly. So why the hell would I come to your shitty tower unless I have a legitimate reason.” Fury ranted.
Steve just shrugged. “ Well now you do. So don’t be surprised if you are on a mission with them one day and they decide to do the horizontal tango.”
With that Tony ran into his room and closed the door behind him. He lanes into his closet and pushed the far wall which gave away to a passageway. He was going to need to talk to Steve for a bit.
Peter felt the words die on his lips when he saw who was on the couch.  That was defiantly Wade, naked, laying on the couch. But that was not Peter riding him. Peter remembered seeing her, the beautiful raven haired woman. He couldn’t forget Vanessa: Wade’s long time girlfriend. They both looked up in surprised.
Tony glared at him from behind the mask. He seemed truly panicked. Steve was also never a good liar or actor...well in his universe. Those films he did for the army were god awful. But his bullshit detector was not going off.
Grant adjuster his grip and grasped his thighs in a bruising hold, pulling Tony’s legs over his shoulders.
It was the other Tony’s birthday. He was in a grey suit with a red birthday hat on his head. His head was thrown back in a wild laugh with his hands clasped together in a clap. In from to him was a towering cake with Clint popping out of it in a tiny red thong doing a muscle man pose. Bucky was smiling from the side and throwing confetti at the archer. Steve had an arm wrapped around Tony and was glaring at the two. Of course Steve would be a party pooper. He would be in any universe.
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes, they had been fighting for the past fifteen minutes and it was going no where. He had gotten especially bad when Steve found out that he had met with Strange behind his back. He didn’t seem to like that fact that he sees other men other than Steve even though it is completely platonic.
“ So your dad is like a mermaid whisperer or something?” Bruce whispered to Tony. The rest of the Avengers has wandered down when they heard that Tony’s dad was talking to mermaids. Couldn’t he be any more embarrassing? Like seriously.
Tony huffed in agreement. He was a solid 10. He could get whoever he wanted. He didn’t need a pity fuck from Rhodey who was more like a brother than anything else.
“ Tony...” Steve said cautiously as he raised his hands slowly. “ It’s alright. No one is going to hurt you.”
“ Are you sure your grace? I can make it worth your while,” Tony said softly as he walked his fingers closer to the hem of Steve’s pants.
Tony wanted to gulp. He has heard of these type of people. People who buy other people to torture and kill for pleasure. Is this what he was for? Did this sick depraved bastard by him just to kill him? The leaned in again to kiss him when the door opened and heavy footsteps entered.
He smiled and walked to the other end of the bed.  he grabbed a elegant leg and kissed its ankle before pulling of the boot. He repeated the process to the other leg.
Tony shrugged off his hold. “ Cap, it’s my decision. “ With that he undid the Hulk-reinforced bindings and gave Grant enough space to stand.
Steve dropped the phone on his bed and hurried to his closet. He pulled out a blue plaid shirt and khakis and quickly dressed. He then went to the bathroom and combed his hair and brushed his teeth even though he had already done so earlier.
Steve smiled and wiggled to the other side of the bed.  He laid in his side and allowed Iron Man to spoon him from behind.
Steve pulled back and undid his belt and piped the button of his jeans. Tony quickly and gracelessly pulled his shirt of his head, excited from the chance to actually be able to touch his boyfriend again. Steve placed his hands on the waistband on Tony’s sweatpants and helped tony get his underwear and pants off in one go.
Tony could feel Steve practically seethe behind him. He sighed again. He hoped his team came back soon.
“ God youre so beautiful so fucking perfect.” Steve whispered As he kissed along the neck in front of him.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “ Safer? What the hell are we about to do? Jus to let you know I don’t have a death wish.”
Bucky and Steve were standing by his bed looking down sadly, the baby cradled in Steve’s arms. They must have been really remorseful about the incident and wanted to make it up to him as they were both were wearing boxers.
Tony looked up and saw Pepper with The agent at her side. The distraction gave Winghead enough time to buck Tony off and scurry back to the water. Tony sighed as he stood up.
“ I can answer that. I was apart of a war. There were things things called Infinity Stones and I used them and they brought me here.” Tony said.
The stones and the Superior Iron Man suit were destroyed. They could always rebuild the suit. The stones in the other hand were beyond repair. Tony was probably stuck in this universe and he hoped the maybe Tony would come to love this place as he realizes how much everyone loves him here. They didn’t love him because he was a replacement. No they love him because he was smart, sweet and a good person. He wanted him to know that.
Tony nestled himself between Steve’s legs and mouthed at the already obvious erection. Steve groaned. Tony reaches out a hand and began to rub Grants erection. He stiffened under the touch and began to relax.
Peter was amazed at how his poppa was able to prevent his dad from calling Norman Osborn. He swears at times his stubbornness and sheer will was his super power. It had been a sight to see his dad try and climb over Captain America as he tried to calm down the enraged omega who kept yelling, “ Let him try and get near my son! That fucking bastard!”
Winghead curled around Tony and cuddled into him, with an arm wrapped around his waist like someone who was trying to....
“ They used to be so sweet. I remember Wanda with pig tails and ribbons in her hair; she was so sweet. And so was Pietro. Now I want to strangle them.”
“ Well That would explain why you are so smart. You solved all those Chester equations like it was no problem.”
“ Shit... fuck... so good... don’t stop.” Tony screamed. Steve gripped tightly onto Tony’s thighs, no doubt leaving bruises behind as he continued to thrust.
“ You stubborn fish it isn’t that bad.” Tony snapped as he tried to manually pry open Winghead’s jaw as he had clamped down on a toothbrush and refused to let it go. According to Strange’s report, Winghead he the ability to regrow his teeth, but first any damages teeth had to be removed. While Steve was never actually caught by Hydra, he had been caught in one of their traps and Strange had said he probably escaped by chewing his way through. Due to this he felt that he probably broke a tooth or two. That would make sense if that was the reason Winghead didn’t want the close to his mouth especially if it was still sore.
The doors slowly opened and Tony peeled from behind Barnes to see what was so special about this floor. They moved forward into the central area with Bucky keeping Tony behind him.
“ Guys we really aren’t sleeping together, why would you think that? And you are making Tony uncomfortable.”
“ I thought you two were done with this fighting. What happened?” Nat asked as they waited outside medical.
“ Shit!” Tony yelled as Bucky was thrown into the bed’s side table and he jumped off of the bed and ran into the living room
Tony turned to him. “ He didn’t hurt you right Tony?” Steve was in front of him now, fingers flexing as if he wanted to reach out and touch him.
Tony look at him in mock offense, a hand over his heart, “ Why your majesty I’m your most loyal subject.”
“ Ok, that good. I would like to first discuss what goals you may have and what issues you would like to address.”
Peter sighed as he threw on a hoody. After being caught with Wade, he had basically been put under house arrest. Happy had been taking Peter to school and it has been down right embarrassing. He liked Happy and all but was it really necessary for him to walk him to the doors of the school, where everyone can see? And on top of that his papa was making him do all the chores! It’s already been two weeks and it didn’t look like his punishment wasn’t going to end anytime soon. But Peter still was able to text Wade with that burner phone he bought him, but he wanted to seem him in person. He had never been separated this long from him.
“ Yeah,” He said as if it were obvious,” My colors are much simpler and Ive been told the colors really bring out the color of my eyes.”
Tony could see Winghead already leaning against over the railing to get a look at him. When he saw him walk through the door his tail began to happily splash the surface of the water. Tony smiled.
“ Hydra is probably after him. He is not safe out there. And who knows what they will do with him if they find him. If you’re here, he will be more compliant and more comfortable with being here.”
When they entered Clint looked up with a raised eyebrow. “ Why is he naked? And when did he get legs?”
“ Tony didn’t gain 10 pounds. And he is a guest. Now eat you salad before I take away your breakfast.”
“In our universe. They were more than that. They were teammates, friends, and Steve wanted to be lovers.”
“ Yes, so unfortunate for you. Don’t worry, when I die I’ll make sure to send you an invitation for a front row seat.”
“ Hopefully it has more ups though. You’re finished all ready?! I didn’t even do a single problem. Damn I wish I could have helped.”
Well that morning when I woke up, I saw my superior, Maria,  in my room and she told me to get dressed quickly and had applied that makeup to my skin. She was kinda freaking out and that was kinda weird because she is not that type of person. I was just exhausted so I didn’t think to much of it at the time. But when I exited my room I saw that bastard again and understood why she had been freaking out so much.
The equipment they had wanted him to look at was of Hydra origin. However, it had been attached to a creature. Bruce has explained they found the creature unconscious and beached in Hawaii with a Hydra labeled box attached to its tail. The creature had a thick and long navy blue tail with a dorsal fin running a portion on the back of the tail. The arms were scaly with a fin on the outer side of it running from the wrist to the elbow. At the end of the hands weren’t fingers but curved black claws.  Were the ears were supposed to be were fanned our fins that twitched  and flattened in annoyance and  anger. It was a lighter blue, like the dorsal fins, than the tail. Other than that he looked human, an incredibly gorgeous human with blonde hair, piercing blue eyes and a body of a Greek deity.
“ Oh god...oh god...Tony.” Steve chanted in a raspy breath. And like Tony anticipated, Steve came quickly with a shout.
Peter groaned as he pinched the bridge of his nose. He had a fucking wet dream and it wasn’t of his boyfriend. What the fuck had that been about? Speaking of boyfriends, Wade had not contacted him. He was beginning to worry. Why didn’t he contact him? Was he hurt or being held captive?
“ Yeah. My father wanted me closer to home since he thinks I’m old enough to start leaning about the business. Before this I was in boarding school in France.”
It worked for that little girl on Game of Thrones. She kept repeating names right? And then she was able to kill them. Maybe it would work for him. It better work for him besucase he was about to go a while new level of ape shit on their asses.
Grant chuckled. “ You know, I can show you a good time Tony.” He walked over and deposited himself next to the couple on the floor.
“ You are a well known playboy with his sexual history carefully and explicitly documented on the Internet. One more bang is not going to hurt you.” Sam said.
“ His majesty’s former love interest and one of his current and long time advisors. They were together for years and then she dumped him. It had something to do with his lack of physical intimacy from what I heard.” Natasha supplied.
“ Where did it come from?” Harry asked gently. He didn’t want to upset Peter. Who knows how he would react. Harry didn’t know what he was dealing with here. He rather play it safe.
Sorry about the short update. Wanted to get something in before Christmas. Looking forward to your comments:)
Tony gave him a chaste kiss. “ You two go wit for me back on the bed. I want to you two to show me how much you want me.”
“ You better behave. If you so much as step a toe out of line I’ll will beat the shit of that red head you like so much.”
I know you don’t  trust us. Whether it is us that remind you about from own universe or maybe it’s just because we are basically strangers, but I can tell you now we won’t hurt you. You don’t have to tell me or anyone else here anything about your past, but we won’t hold it against you. We want you to know that you are safe and we are here for you.”
“ Do Really expect anything less from Clint?” Tony turned and saw Bruce standing there. Well... not his Bruce. He knew he wasn’t home. This was someplace else. This was somewhere were Nat was still alive and the Avengers took orders from the Red Skull. And apparently joked with him as if he were there friend.
Steve shrugged and smiled. “ Well a genius like you probably were never good with sports so I thought maybe computer like games would be better.”
He walked over and placed the sandwich in front of the bastard on the couch. He smiled at him and Tony swears his butt was wagging as if it still had a tail. “ You eat that and behave. Your boyfriend is coming up.”
“ Well based on how relax he looked today, it must be going pretty damn well. I’ve never seen him smile like that and act so relax.” Scott added.
Tony was smiling triumphantly, but panting hard. He was leaning over Steve, his face just inches away. His eyes became hooded as he bent down and pressed his lips to Steve.
“ See, even the god agrees. And the only reason Banner is agreeing with Nat is because he doesn’t want to sleep on the couch tonight.”
The two idiots were both red in the face.  Tony rolled his eyes and and positioned himself on the table.
“ No buts. When we get there you are going to talk to him and straighten this whole thing out but I’m telling you right now that he loves you.”
Tony huffed and threw himself on the couch, pouting. Steve went back to reading his emails. He should have expected the next question.
“ Tony where are your manners? You do not eat that way at the table. Now straighten up and do not roll your eyes at me young man.”
Peter get Wade begin to stroke his cock. He made shallow thrusts into his hand.  Wade licked his lips and kissed him again. Peter lost track of how long they kissed, feeling himself drifting into bliss.
“ So Tony is captures right? You Grant are like an evil Hydra prick but then Tony changes your mind and then Stevie here comes rescue him and then the both or you save him. Then he rewards you for your service,”
Steve leaned forward and kissed him again.  Tony opened his legs and he adjusted himself and made himself comfortable between his legs. Steve wound his hand into His hair and placed his other hand on his hip, caressing it lovingly as he continued to kiss him deeply.
Tony looked up to him hopefully. Steve just smiled down at him and embraced him. It really was fine.
Thanks for Reading so far. Been busy and I have been able to update as much as I like. I hope you enjoyed the chapter and I can’t wait to hear your comments:)
Tony blinked rapidly as his eyes tried to adjust to the bright light. He put a hand over his face with block it out as he sat up. He looked around and noticed the many people walking around; some with children,  some walking dogs or having picnics. He noticed the sky was blue with a few fluffy white clouds, with the occasional bird overhead.
He roughly flipped the man over and draped himself over his back. He tightly gripped the man’s wrist and pushed it over his head.
Howard looked back out into the water, “ Really?! You are going to guilt trip him with a kid? You bastard,” Howard snapped.
I didn’t have a place to stay and we were always real close so I had used her address and I thought it would
“ True. But if it makes you two uncomfortable. Just tell Tony. It’s important as a couple to establish boundaries. And Tony will understand. I’ve never heard him of forcing his sex partners into doing anything.”
She looked at him in awe. “Really?! Oh my god, I’m a big fan. You are the the reason why I went to engineering school.”
Steve closed his laptop and looked up with a blush at Tony. He looked at him curiously, waiting for an answer.
Tony jumped. He never heard Bruce curse before and just let himself get angry with that. He accidentally bumped into Bucky, who stumbled a bit in surprise.
“ Good body? Jesus Christ I can use it as a god damn washboard!” Tony exclaimed as he Tried to pull the shirt back up.
Tony opened his eyes and was momentarily blinded. He blinked a few times and then saw he was sitting on the floor. There was just a blinding white around him. Nothing else.
“ Slave-master! Please tell us about his friends? Tony here must have friends right?” Bucky blurted out.
Winghead blushed and hurriedly scurried  a distance away from Tony and offered him another fish, not looking at him in the face.
He stopped in front of him and smiled. He Chirped happily and presented the baby to Tony. “ He’s nice.” Tony said awkwardly.
“ Ok, so nothing to much... we’ve been having a relatively quite time. So first thing on our list is the fundraiser this Saturday. We need
He could have sworn his eyes bulged out from shock at the scene he never imagined he would have seen in a thousand years before him.  It was Steve. It definitely  was Steve. He liked so similar to his Steve physically, but the similarities ended there. This Steve was in black Calvin Klein boxers and was sitting on a couch with a mostly nude man and woman laying down on it, both looking high and groggy. In front of Steve was a glass table that he was currently snorting cocaine from.
Tony hissed softly at the intrusion. Steve whispered softly small words of encouragement that he couldn’t decipher and small kisses on his leg. When he was fully sheathed In him, Steve fathered Tony up and flipped them over, with Tony in top. Tony scrunched his eyes and planted heavily.
Steve’s eyes narrowed.  “ Tony, the pork is better. Here you go.” Steve places a healthy amount on his plate.
Tony was led to the bed shortly after he orgasmed and was unceremoniously tossed onto it. Steve had quickly handcuffed him onto the bed as Grant positioned himself between his legs.
“ Bruce, What is that thing? That is not just something you see everyday walking down the street or in this case swimming in the pool.”
Steve shook his head. “ How about this. I will order a side dish of the Alfredo with broccoli and you just have to eat a quarter of the plate.”
“ I’m not going to hurt you. It’s alright. My name is Tony. I don’t  want to hurt you.”  The creature in front of him had stopped hissing, but was still tense.  He would be too if he were locked up in a pen with this hard concrete floor. How did he ever find himself in these situations?
The man smiled. “ Well he is older than most of our slaves and his Reported behavior is rather alarming. It would be more cost effective to put him down. No one would want such an unruly pet.”
Steve heard his phone start to ring. It was Tony’s ring tone. He hurriedly jumped off his bed and pushed things around his night stand to try and find it. When he found it, He took a calming breath before answering.
Tony looked over a Steve who looked back at him sheepishly with a small smile. Tony smiled up at him. Earning a more relaxed and genuine smile.
“ I’m not answering a phone call from my dad when I’m about to get laid. Karen  can you say that I’m busy and will call back later.”
Tony inserted a second finger and moaned when he rubbed against his prostate. Bucky nuzzled his cheek and began to leave kisses on his face.
Rhodey cleared his throat. “ I think you better get going Commander. I’ll entertain Tony in the mean time.”
Tony turned to Steve, waiting for a response and saw that the man had gone completely red with a blush.
Harry pushed himself off of him and began to crawl down his body, leaving kisses along the way. He briefly stopped at his belly button and swirled his tongue around in it until Peter squirmed and whined.
“ And why do i need to learn this nonsense. I am going to be the leader of the magic community of Asgard. I am aiming to be head sorcerer.” Loki said.
Steve looked down at him. “ How can you say that? Of course I want you. It’s just that I don’t want to pressure you. Neither does Grant. We want to do this right.”
He was tempted to use his old Iron man suit to scare the bastards off. Did they not get the point that this was a family affair and they should keep their nose out of it?
“ Well I’m pretty you can get into any school based on merit alone. I’ve only known you a day and i can already see how much of a genius you are.”
After he had folded the last article of clothing he went over to Tony and placed a hand on his back to encourage him to stand. He lead him to the bedroom. Tony tried to stay calm as he swallowed the saliva that gathered in his throat and tried to calm his racing heart.
Coulson sighed in relief. “ Thank goodness he’s still fine. We are going to be there to pick him up.”
‘ And I would look equally good naked on the bed,’ Tony thought. He could just imagine how he could rock Steve’s world. He wouldn’t be looking at another piece of ass for the rest of his life.
Bucky purred and looked at his work as he finished placing the umpteeth flower in Tony hair ( where he got it, Tony was not entirely sure). After that little display of affection, Bucky had dragged Tony through the water and onto the island. Steve has followed close behind and when they were settled had done some strange introduction when included him wrapping his arm around him and pointing at him while his little group observed them.
“ I think it would be very beneficial if you could introduce SHIELD faculty to him and possibly help them bond so that an agent can be on hand at all times.”
Tony tried to get his feet under him but never got the chance as he was quickly dragged away and put into the common area with some of the other slaves. They were all freshly bathed and dressed in nearly translucent robes.  Tony noticed that they were all female.
‘Really?,’ Tony thought.  He did not have any fun and the only thing he was compatible with was coffee.
“ He’s in my fucking pent house!” He moved out of the way to show Winghead on the floor with Pepper wiping the blueberry residue off of his hands and mouth. He cooed under the attention, as if he hadn’t had attacked her previously. He had happily smiled at Pepper and held out a handful of pie. Tony guesses it was a peace offering of some sorts. Either way, Pepper has felt comfortable enough to help clean him up as Tony made a call to Coulson.
This was to unreal. It is final, he will quit coffee. He drank too much of the shit anyway. Maybe it was time to cut back. Yeah... that sounded good. That was a great idea.
“ I would never intentionally hurt Tony,” he snapped. “ As for the other asshole, I can’t promise as much.”
When he caught his breath he stood straight up and gave him a large smile. “ I just wanted to give you this,” He said as he handed him a slip of paper. He blushed and rubbed the back of his neck. “ I- uh- wanted to give you my number. To like call or something. You know... since we are classmates and all and... “
“ Well Sam really likes that place and I didn’t want to take her anywhere else but that fancy Italian restaurant and besides I knew you were probably cooking.”
“ Well I’m sorry if I’m a little surprised that my dad happens to know an entire pack of mermaids.” Tony snapped.
“ I’m fine Buck. I’m letting off some steam. I’ll be home soon.” Steve saw Iron Man look at him and if he could make facial expressions he was pretty sure he would see a disappointed face.
“ тебе нужно забрать меня. американец неверен. он любил старого меня. Вы видели, как он сдерживался во время миссий. он поцеловал меня за твоей спиной. он плохой человек.”
Steve and Grant looked uncomfortable in their clothes, shifting nervously from foot to foot.  One of the massage therapists had led them to a private room where three tables were set up with blankets on top of them.
“ Yes. Brucie bear is right. I am from a different universe. And the Richards in mine is a fucking nut job.”
“ You just need to sit back and look pretty, how hard Can that be?”   Clint asked. “ And does anyone know when he will get his ass down here? I only showed up to see some drama.”
Quentin cringed. He hated bringing it up but he needed his meds. He didn’t want Peter to see him off of it.
“ Yeah it is. These two are super soldiers. What happens if they can do a few more rounds than the average guy because of their stamina, do you know how sore my-“
He began to climb the steps, careful not to step in the weakened areas he recalled from the last time he visited. It probably would have been safer the scale the wall, but he didn’t want to risk running into any civilians without the mask. He hoped Wade was there and he just forgot to call. He missed him so much. He wouldn’t get mad if he stopped by right? He was just worried like any normal boyfriend would be.
“ So you everyone up in the middle of the night besucase you had trouble getting it on?” Sam asked. Him and the rest of the Avengers were in full gear and gathered in medical. Well all of the Avenger’s minus Thor who was getting ice for Steve’s back. Steve had a few pillows under his back and had to offset his body a bit to the side so that he wouldn’t put pressure on it.
“ Welp, we just wanted to introduce him to our last wayward member, so... I guess we better go now. We do have s meeting and all...” Bucky said as he ushered Tony back into the elevator.
Bucky huffed. “ Yes I know you don’t like to be disturbed when you’re in the middle of a fucking session with your little pet.”
Also I am looking for a Peter x Tony fanfic. Tony starts talking dirty to him in bed and insults him. It Hurts Peters feelings but he doesn’t say anything as he doesn’t want to upset tony. Please let me know if you know the name:)
“ I...I don’t understand. Is it something I did? Did you feel weird that you really weren’t my son? Because I don’t care where you came from. I really don’t. Because you’ll always be my little bambino.”
Somehow they made it to the kitchen where the two Steve’s, well a Steve and a Grant, were glaring at each other.  Tony has decided to make some lunch. A simple chicken piccata ( Yes, Steve. I can cook. I’m not totally helpless). That somehow lead to a screaming match between the Cap and the Commander with the Commander stating how Cap does nothing but demean and insult Tony. Tony had to eventually tell them to shut the fuck up or he was going to kick them both out. That somehow seemed to work and they just  kept quiet and glared at one another.
