Mycroft raised his brow minutely, surprised that his brother was able to keep up such a façade around her.
“Don’t listen to him baby, you know exactly how I feel about you.” Louise glanced over her shoulder. “I love you.”
“Dull.” Sherlock yawned again, smothering it against the back of his hand. He stepped towards Maeve and placed his head in her view, she looked up and smiled around her teething ring. “Yes, hello.”
“I, well, that’s to say,” Mycroft cut himself off and cleared his throat. “I don’t want there to be a misunderstanding. I’m perfectly aware of previous conversations regarding secrecy on my part.”
“You’re hardly going to die,” John told him as he stopped the movement and brought the infant to his chest.
Sally appeared from a group of officers and walked over with a small disconcerting smile. “Everybody has cleared out, everything has been catalogued but we’ve left everything as it was, as instructed.”
“Hardly anatomically correct.” Sherlock mumbled after a moment. He didn’t pull the doll away though, he allowed his daughter to explore using her hands as he took a seat in his armchair, keeping a firm grip on his daughter.
Sherlock manoeuvred the pram through the doors and into the hallway. Maeve was on the cusp of sleep again, wrapped back up nice and warm. He hated to disturb her but needs must. He reached into the pram and picked up his daughter, the same way as before, in one smooth and fast movement towards his chest. She moaned but didn’t wake up completely. He then shifted to hold her with just one long arm and hooked the baby bag over his arm. Then he grabbed the two bags from mothercare they had stored under the pram.
“Not in the grand scheme of things.” Greg argued. Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly but settled quickly. He continued, “They grow up so quickly.”
“I’m going to take her to bed,” Sherlock picked up his daughter, careful not to wake her. He stopped in the doorway and told John, “I love you.”
The blonde’s attention was on him immediately, brows set in worry but relaxed when he saw nothing wrong and understood what Sherlock wanted. “Need help?”
“And she won’t sleep because there’s so much new stuff for her to explore.” John told him. “She loves you and you love her, you’re not failing at this.”
“You promised that you would wait until I got home before you started crawling. I have to be there for all important milestones, that was the deal.”
He plucked the monitor from the pile of newspapers beside the sofa and turned it on. The image of his sleeping daughter appeared and he placed it on the table.
“Are you forgetting something?” Sally asked, she was met with Greg’s blank face so she gestured at the baby in his arms.
take care of you. His sister is questionable but that shouldn’t affect our opinion on him…much. He is going to take you swimming tomorrow and we’re going for a walk with a picnic. It sounds rather pedestrian to me but mummy is insisting.”
An agent came up the stairs behind her and smiled politely to the Holmes brothers. He stepped into the kitchen and placed the bags on the table, along with another agent. They both left the moment they were finished and Anthea watched, then stepped into the room and placed a leather bag on the floor beside the door. “I’ll put the shopping away.”
“She is not a toy” Sherlock spat, volume raising. The baby released a soft moan but remained asleep, a warning to them all that anymore would wake her. The curly haired man’s attentions then fixed on his daughter, her sleeping figure. The hat was long gone revealing her dark locks, short but curling at the ends already and tiny body covered with a thin blanket.
Maeve’s eyes flicked to him and then back to the pink teething ring that was resting at her lips. Her eyes crossed. John snorted. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Open your mouth for daddy, yes.”
“Sherlock is convinced that she is trying to smile.” John told them simply. Sherlock shot him a look.
Sherlock stepped into the living room and was greeted with the sight of his partner sat on the sofa, with Jade curled up in his lap, fast asleep, and his father in the blonde’s armchair nursing a cup of tea.
"Fine." Sherlock responded simply as he picked up Maeve, holding her for short moment and kissing the top of her head, before putting he into her pram. She protested but he ignored it, shushing her and putting the blanket on her, she kicked it in rebellion and he gave up, instead stroking the sides of her face in the hopes of soothing her.
“Nope,” John popped the p and picked up another bottle that Sherlock had left on the desk, “just trying to add some perspective.”
Siger opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by the doorbell ringing. “I’ll watch her, you enjoy your lunch.”
Small, one week old. His chest constricted slightly. He’d seen cases of abandonment before but never with a new-born, she was just out of hospital is the regulation baby grow and blanket were anything to go by. The mother had literally left the hospital and dumped her baby. She looked…well, she looked like him. Dark hair and blue eyes, sharp little cheekbones beneath plump cheeks. It was like looking at one of his baby photographs.
Sherlock’s eyes widened at his brother words, shocking but true. He wasn’t the fatherly type and his mother was a simple fuck in a dirty alleyway, but his daughter was not the result of that. He glanced at Greg who tried to hide it but was obviously thinking the same as Mycroft, then John who just smiled. A supportive friendly smile.
“She needs to do tummy time and then she can sit in her bouncy chair.” Sherlock told him. God, he hated the lexis used in kids activities, it was distasteful but needed apparently. Tummy time was a crucial part of her development, to strengthen her neck and back. The bouncy chair was a simple seat for her to enjoy, bright material with an arch and toys to sit above her body that moved with her own movements, she seemed to enjoy it somewhat and it meant that he could get on without holding her (not that he found that a hardship).
Sherlock returned. He was dressed in a black suit with a dark forest green shirt, buttons undone at the top in his usual fashion. His coat was hooked over his arm along with his scarf, ready to put on as he stepped into the lounge. Maeve was lain on John’s lap, her head between his knees. She was still as he played with finger puppets, allowing her to touch them and even taste one.
Sherlock gave a small nod in understanding and focused again on the sleeping baby, making sure his hand was resting lightly on the small of her back and bottom.
John continued, “Maeve adores you, any idiot can see that and I was wrong, she does miss you when you’re not there.”
Sherlock looked up. The consulting detective was crouched on the floor in nothing but a pair of black silk boxers, eye level with his daughter, she was lain on her stomach across the bed. He narrowed his eyes and then focused again on Maeve, she was looking at him from her position on the bed.
Mycroft took the initiative and stepped closer to his younger brother, collected façade slipping as he watched the paramedic apply pressure to the wound on his brother’s lower left side. Sherlock flinched and he reached up, shaking off John’s hand and dropping the oxygen mask. The auburn haired man bent down slightly and Sherlock found her hand, he held it gently in his own.
“Yeah, it’s because he doesn’t overthink it like you two.” Greg commented from beside the elder Holmes brother.
He started humming a tune, the vibrations rumbling in his chest and through Maeve. She gurgled and smiled at him, her eyes flicked up to his, he couldn’t contain his smile in response.
She was desperately fighting off the urge to sleep, skin pale and black hair covered by a cute purple hat with white polka dots and small ears at the top. It matched the trousers she was wearing over a baby grow with a cartoon doe drawn on it, the doe wore a purple bow the exact colour of the trousers and hat. She wore a small coat over the top almost the exact match of Sherlock’s in a miniature version and a blue knitted scarf similar to one that Sherlock had worn in the past.
Hey, I'm so sorry this chapter has taken so long. It's the usual excuses I'm afraid, I finished university which meant finishing and handing in my dissertation and then completing two more assignments on top of that, I was crazy busy and then, writer's block. I hate that excuse but it's true, I've been staring at this chapter for so long, trying to finish it. So, I'm sorry, this chapter was supposed to be longer.
Sherlock hurried from the building. His eyes fixed ahead and grip on his daughter secure, holding her bum and head to keep her close to his body. He could feel her breathing against him and the soft growl she released as their bodies jostled with each step. He passed two of Mycroft’s men, who nodded and held the door open for him. He stepped out and quickly blinked to adjust to the light.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed ever so slightly and he sat up a little straighter. Maeve jerked her head to look at him but seemed satisfied that there was nothing of importance happening and went back to playing with the soft butterfly. The wings crinkled in her fingers and she gurgled enthusiastically at her own ministrations. Her eyes flicked to Lestrade as he continued.
Also, if there's something that you'd like to see in this fic, please let me know. Either leave a comment or message me on here. Alternatively, if you want to talk about this fic or writing in general, I'd love to hear from you.
Jade jumped over the stairgate with a meow of disdain. Her green eyes flicked to the new occupant in the room and she strode towards him with purpose rubbing her body against the side of the chair and Mycroft’s suit covered legs. He sighed but decided against annoying the temperamental cat. She jumped onto his lap. Mycroft moved his hands out of her way and she meowed in his face.
Greg nodded in his direction and stretched out slightly, Mycroft managed a small smile that was faked but well meant. “Good evening.”
Sherlock woke to the sound of a grizzly baby. He was a light sleeper and the small sounds of discomfort that escaped his daughter’s mouth were enough to wake him. He blinked rapidly to clear his eyes and adjust to the darkness of the room before taking a moment to look at John, he was fast asleep on his side facing Sherlock. The soldier’s lips were parted slightly as he breathed evenly. Sherlock smiled into the darkness, pushing the covers back so that he could swing his legs out of the bed but not disturb John by uncovering him. He took a single step to the side of the Moses basket and looked down at his daughter.
“Yeah, like he’s pressed a button in his head and can no longer hear me.” The blonde explained. “He does it to Mrs Hudson on a semi-permanent basis and Greg almost all the time.”
“I was nine, the police took me into custody and assumed I was a runaway from one of the local homes.”
Sherlock reached into the Moses basket and gently placed the back of his hand onto her forehead. She felt warmer than normal, definitely a raised temperature. He nodded, “It’s not hot enough for concern.”
“But he’s raising another man’s child, they’ve only been together a couple of months.” Harry argued.
Sherlock nodded and left the room with John close behind, hand still resting on his partner’s lower back. He cautiously opened the door and moved towards the large cot, he glanced in at Maeve, sleeping soundly and reached in without a second thought. John turned off the monitor and retrieved the supplies he had left on the changing station; a spare outfit or two, nappies, wipes, muslins, a blanket and one or two soft toys.
Chapter Thirty-Eight: Sherlock is struggling and with the help of everyone he is still getting no where and running out of time. Help comes from an unlikely source, but is there a catch?
Sherlock found himself glancing at his daughter more than occasionally, eyes flicking to the infant to check that she was still asleep and not in any discomfort. He could tell by his hand resting on her torso that her breathing was even and unlaboured, and hear each tiny breath.
“Sherlock” He exhaled, surprised by the sudden appearance. Sherlock huffed a breath, not bothering to answer as his stormy eyes flicked over his father. His dark grey hair was neat, dressed in a pair of smart black trousers, white shirt and a fitted grey jumper. Siger folded his arms over his chest, already losing patience as he kept his silver eyes fixed on his son. He asked, sternly. “What are you doing here Sherlock?”
John looked down at the sleeping baby and sighed, he quickly stripped her of her clothes and dressed her into a sleepsuit, when he was finished he brushed his through her dark hair. It was already longer and curling at the ends, it was uncanny how much she looked like her father. John smiled. He tore his eyes away from her and quickly undressed, and redressed into a pair of loose bottoms and thin top. Sherlock appeared in the doorway, dressed in pyjamas with his phone in his hand. His fingers curled around the device.
John rolled his eyes and Sherlock turned back to Maeve, he unstrapped her and picked her up. Jade meowed and climbed to her feet, she rubbed her head against the infant’s feet. Sherlock frowned and pulled his daughter up higher to rest against his chest, the cat sat down and looked up at him and Maeve. She licked her paw for a moment and then meowed at the consulting detective.
“Princess.” He whispered to her. There were tears streaming down her reddened face and dribble pooling at the corners of her mouth. He gestured to the purple baby bag and John picked it up for him, he grabbed the muslin on top and wiped her face quickly and methodically.
“Almost.” Sherlock nodded and craned his neck to get a better view at her. She was already snoring softly against his chest and her grip slackening slightly but not letting go.
“Buy him some fancy chocolates and tell him you,” he glanced down at the almost sleeping infant and lowered his voice, “fucked up and you’re sorry.”
“Go right ahead.” Victor nodded and stepped towards the curtain. He pulled it back to allow Sherlock access and the dark haired man stepped inside. John nodded in thanks and followed.
Harry looked out of the window, then back at John. She smiled, and nodded towards the window. “That him?”
“I didn’t say anything.” John muttered turning his head slightly to look at Sherlock. The consulting detective had his eyes closed, dark lashes delicate against his pale skin and pink lips pulling into an annoyed smirk.
Harold clasped his hands behind his back. “Good, I can see how much he cares about you, both of you, I’ve never seen him look at anybody like that before.”
Sherlock nodded, careful not to disturb the sleeping infant and answered, deep voice low “For twenty minutes.”
“Good.” Turning gracefully, he lifted up Maeve as John offered her to him. He instinctively brought her close, inhaling against her hair like he had done earlier. The scent was reassuring.
“Your mother is making you something to eat and entertaining the gaggle of hens,” Siger interrupted, hating to disturb his son during such a tender moment but wanting to warn his younger son before his wife descended once again.
,” he said the word with quiet disgust, “you. And Jade will be happy you’re back, that cat loves you, the stupid thing. And you can sleep for as long as you like, and help Daddy with a new case, finding someone like when you were lost…” he cleared his throat and looked up.
Maeve sneezed and looked affronted. He turned her around so that she was facing him, straddling one of his legs while he held her with two hands on her stomach.
“That’s handy,” she chuckled and continued, “there is also a chance of diarrhoea and sickness, swollen glands and a bump at the site of the injection – this will be a small lump that can last a couple of days or weeks. These are all completely normal side effects of the injections that we are giving her.”
Mycroft looked up at his younger brother, it was the first time he’d spoken since their little discussion earlier and he seemed to have calmed down somewhat. He responded simply, “I know.”
“He brought her here voluntarily?” Siger asked surprised as he crossed the room to get a good look at his granddaughter as she slept.
There were footsteps and a soft tap on the bedroom door stirring Sherlock from his exertions, his eyes flicked from their rested position on Maeve and towards the door as it opened. Greg Lestrade poked his head through the gap he had created with a wary smile, brown eyes settling on the consulting detective and his sleeping daughter.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the shorter blonde, eyes flicking over him critically, “you didn’t want to drink too much on my account.”
They remained silent until they were outside, stood on the pavement in a small huddle close to Lestrade’s silver BMW with Sherlock looming over the pair of them with one hand on the sling supporting Maeve’s small body and the other on her head. Long fingers caressing her sensitive scalp and the feathery hair that grew there.
“She’s precious,” Siger said more to himself than anybody else as he watched his granddaughter sleep.
“He doesn’t do drugs anymore,” Sherlock looked up at the blonde for the first time with a small proud smile. “I’m a doctor, remember? I know when somebodies been using and he hasn’t. I have nothing to be worried about. One dinner, what’s the worst that could happen?”
“She’s very particular.” He offered, releasing his son’s hand. “She only likes to be touched on her head and her back, never on her sides or stomach and only when she wants. She will scratch and bite you if you annoy her. And can be very viscous.”
“When the doctors give us the all clear.” Mycroft sat back down and ran both hands down his legs. He was tired. Worn out from the day.
I can't apologise enough for the amount of time between chapters, I've been truly awful. Honestly, I've been uninspired and unmotivated recently and my mental health hasn't been at its best, so writing has taken a backseat, unfortunately. I feel so bad and I'll endeavour to do better, I promise. Also, the quality of this chapter is horrible, so sorry again.
Sherlock jumped the last stairs and turned the corner into the kitchen clad only in a pair of silk pyjama bottoms. His dark curls were in complete disarray and his eyes wild, fixed on his mother as his nostrils flared.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and stepped further into the room, taking the empty seat usually occupied by John.
He glanced down at Maeve, she was quiet but awake. He stroke a hand over the back of her head, “you’re ok.”
The ring of the doorbell cut through the quiet flat. Sherlock looked upstairs and waited for a reaction, when there was no sound of crying he sighed in relief and Mrs Hudson made her way downstairs to get the door.
“But we don’t” Sherlock frowned at him, he placed the items on the coffee table and then moved his chair back to its original positioned and dropped into it, facing his brother as he steepled his hands beneath his chin.
Sherlock huffed a breath and watched as the hairs on his daughter’s head stirred minutely, he craned his neck and placed his lips atop of her head, pouting against her scalp.
The kitchen was bathed in a soft golden light from the morning sun the next day when Sherlock stepped into the large kitchen, pausing in the threshold to button his shirt cuffs. He had forgone the jacket, without the need for it, and his hair was a mess from sleep. He looked well-rested, unlike his elder brother who didn’t acknowledge his presence. Instead, he continued to sip at the steaming mug of coffee in his hand and read the paper, it was something of a daily habit. He would check the news and his emails in a bid to be caught up for the day ahead. His laptop was closed, beneath the paper and his daughter, Evelyn, was in the Moses basket Anthea had purchased the previous day. It was close to Mycroft, almost touching his leg and his gaze, should he turn ever so slightly, would be on the sleeping infant.
The grey haired detective sighed and ran a hand through his hair, not bothering with a polite smile as the officer nodded and ducked away. He shared a look with John – that of pure dread and worry, for both Sherlock and Maeve – and then tilted his head towards the consulting detective.
“Fine.” Mycroft cleared his throat and Andrews placed the tea on the counter before nodding and disappearing. He looked at John. “He wants to stay here tonight.”
“What would you prefer?” Mycroft asked, bending to his brothers will. There was no arguing with him on this matter apparently.
“Yoo-hoo.” Mrs Hudson called as she entered the room. Her face lit up when she spotted Maeve on John’s legs smiling at the army doctor. She held a tray with a pot of tea, saucers and cups. It was her white set with butterflies on, a present from Sherlock a few Christmas’ ago and she only got it out when making the boys tea or for special guests.
Claire, an old flame of his from university was recently in London for work, still single, Mycroft decided to contact her after his experiences on Sherrinford. It was casual, no feelings involved, purely sex and now…
Sherlock lent down and hovered in front of John. The blonde smiled and kissed the taller man, careful not to put his hands in Sherlock’s masterfully placed hair, instead he snaked a hand onto the back of his neck and placed the other on the small of his back. Sherlock’s hands were on his hips, grasping hard but not too hard as to ruin the line of his suit. Sherlock pulled back after a moment, anchored by John’s hands on him and gifted the shorter man with a chaste kiss before beginning to pull away. John let him go.
He continued, “The concept of leaving her, of abandoning her, was worse than any scenario that I could imagine. I’ve seen worse people parent children, if they can do it, it stands to reason that I can.”
Louise jerked at the sound and Howard spun on the spot, head moving violently in search of the sound.
John picked up another blanket from the end of the bed and placed it over his partner’s shoulders, the house was old and the bedroom cold. Sherlock lent back into his partners arms like a cat seeking its owner’s attention. Maeve was sleeping in his arms.
“This is a bath bomb,” he informed her as though it were a science lesson. “I won’t bore you with the details but the water should turn green, shall we see?”
He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialled Mycroft. He already tried Sherlock three times, he’d ignored them all.
“Of course they are, they’re wealthy and would give the world to have their child returned to them safely.”
“Yes, you marked that here.” The blonde looked back into the living room. “So, a productive day, was it?”
“I didn’t know that Sherlock had a daughter.” Cecily started conversationally, still in disbelief. “Though she is very young.”
Sherlock spun around and collapsed into his chair, staying motionless for a moment before hoping up onto his feet. He crouched in the seat like a bird hovering from a tree and asked, “How do they do it? Normal parents.”
“She’s got your hair colour.” Sherlock observed, stepping closer and tracing the line of her scalp with his leather covered finger, a millimetre or two above her skin, as not to disturb her. It was fair, light brown with a reddish tinge, auburn. “Not quite red though.”
The signature black car pulled up to the curb in front of him. The door swung open and Mycroft looked out at him with a neutral expression. His eyebrow arched delicately.
It took Mycroft longer than he’d care to admit to reaching the front door. Sherlock smirked but said nothing, noticing his brother’s attentiveness in carrying the car seat that contained Evelyn. He could imagine the thoughts running through his brother’s head and thought it best to remain silent. He lifted his head as Mycroft stepped into the house and followed his older brother inside. His umbrella was propped against the wall and his briefcase lain flat on the top of his hallway table. He reminded himself to phone Anthea later and thank her, when he’s organised everything, or at least tried to.
After a few moments he nodded and backed away, the young officer peaked inside the car and took a step closer to the group of officers, informing them of the man and his enquiries. Said man, was completely unnoticed, as he moved to the opposite door with the charade of lighting a cigarette he opened the car door and reached inside. He came back with Maeve, who seemed to be in the cusps of sleep.
“You were both fully aware of the situation going into this relationship but now you’re both giving up. My brother will never be with anybody else after you.”
“Hmmm” Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement, turning his full attention back to his daughter. She released the bottles teat with a wet pop, milk collecting on her rosy lips. He tried the bottle again but she jerked her head and kept her lips shut. The detective put the bottle down and dabbed her lips clean with the muslin.
Sherlock sat, staring at his mother as she fussed around Maeve, showing her each present before opening it and allowing the seven-month-old to run her hands over it before moving onto the next.
“I know you’re not really one for small talk but did you have a good day?” John called from the living room.
“…he’s fine, we’re all fine. He just took a tumble, banged his head, and well, he’s a bit banged up, only bruising mind you.”
“Hmmm” John hummed and turned his body in Sherlock’s grasp so that he was laying on his back and looking up at the detective. “What could we possibly do for half an hour?”
“I do enjoy this part of her routine.” Sherlock admitted, shucking his wet shirt and placing it on top of the suitcase. “I just thought you would want to participate.”
Gregory Lestrade never thought he’d see the day; Mycroft Holmes was strolling through the park pushing a purple buggy, his umbrella hanging from the handle and looking much like his usual self. Mycroft was Mycroft. He was tall, standing with his back straight and haughty raised chin…appearances must be kept.
John placed his own steaming tea on the table and got to his feet, he stood in front of his partner and watched as Maeve reached out to him. He swooped her up, held her in both hands and then placed her in the exact position Sherlock had, sat up in his lap with one hand supporting her.
Sherlock sighed and held his daughter out, Mycroft swooped in and pulled her close to his body. She immediately began kicking again and wasted no time in latching her open mouth to Mycroft’s neck, he grimaced but allowed it. Violet looked on the verge of tears.
“Where have you been?” John demanded the moment Sherlock reached the top of the stairs. He was sat on the sofa in his pyjamas and jumper with one leg crossed over the other. He immediately uncrossed his legs and placed the tea in his hand on the coffee table beside the morning newspaper and a plate of half-eaten toast. There was tiredness all over the doctor’s body, in the dark circles beneath his eyes and the slight hunch of his shoulders. The late shift at the clinic did nothing for him. His expression now was somewhere between annoyance and worry.
“What makes you think that I found something?” Sherlock asked, curious. He stood up and turned to John, eyebrow raised.
“No problem.” John nodded. Maeve was undisturbed by the sound, far too close to falling back asleep and absorbed in John’s shirt.
Sherlock snapped off his gloves, something he only wore for the sake of Maeve and strode towards the pathologist and his daughter, he spoke with a serious tone, "you're broody."
“That I have to return to work,” Mycroft answered simply, brushing an invisible piece of fluff from the arm of his jacket.
Though Sherlock hated it admit it, Mycroft was right, he was involved and Maeve needed protecting, even from him but he would never give her up without fight. The fat git was just interfering again.
John smirked and opened the first present. It was a long rectangle box with a very expensive stethoscope inside with the engraving ‘my heart’. John stared at it for a few moments. It would have been painful to watch if Sherlock hadn’t known that he was completely delighted with it.
Maeve was in her bouncy chair in front of him. She kicked and waved her hands in excitement with each pluck of the string as Sherlock used one of his sock clad feet to rock the chair in small springy movements.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and pushed himself off the wall, quickly pocketing his phone and rounding on the desk, placing his elbows on it. “Yes.”
Maeve was sat on his lap, happily staring at her grandmother and the rest of the café, blue eyes flicking interestedly over the occupants. She gurgled enthusiastically when Sherlock jiggled her softly on his knee and looked up at him, craning her neck and then returned to her original position, staring at her grandmother and the stuff on the table between them.
“For me.” A deep baritone answered. Sherlock was approaching them, fast, looking slightly concerned but to the untrained eye he looked like his normal self, harsh expression in place. He pocketed his leather gloves and stepped towards the pram, into the gap as Lestrade stepped back, clearing room for him. Inside, Maeve remained asleep and undisturbed.
“That doesn’t mean anything.” John said in a child friendly voice, watching Maeve as she waved her arms in the air excitedly.
“What are you doing?” Greg asked the moment he stepped into the lounge. Sherlock had heard him coming up the steps.
“Like a baby.” John confirmed moving on the spot to rest on his side, mirroring Sherlock and watching the baby between them. She had kicked off the blankets during the night, looking slightly flushed in her pale yellow sleepsuit and the small amount of hair on her head sticking up atop of her head. Her blue eyes flicked to John for a moment before returning to Sherlock.
Violet swooped in with a muslin, Sherlock used it to clean Maeve’s hand and then rose, keeping Maeve close to him and throwing the muslin into the space that he once occupied. Sherlock did as instructed and sat by the window, one leg stretched out on the window seat, bent slightly and the other placed firmly on the floor. He looked out of the window for a moment, ignoring the snapping of the camera and turned back to look at Maeve.
“Right,” Sherlock looked down at the pacified child in his arms. “You must promise that you’ll be a good girl for Daddy.” He kissed the top of her head and sighed, “Show Daddy how good you can be.”
“Shhh” Violet hushed him, running her hand over his face and stopping on his chin. She gently pulled his head upwards to face her, “I know.”
“Well, it doesn’t sound too bad. Should we wait?” He gestured to the consulting detective's parents.
“Ahhh somebody is paying attention, at last.” A proud look passed over the consulting detective’s face as he looked at his partner. John blushed and looked down at the ground.
The notion of time moving faster now was ridiculous but it stuck in his head like a clock hitting midnight repeatedly, his daughter was growing up and there was nothing he could do to stop it. He put the thought aside, it was something he could deal with it when he wasn’t preoccupied.
“I just thought that with a baby in the house, there was no better time than the present to start eating a little healthier. Plus, you don’t want her to grow up eating Chinese food.”
Sherlock rolled his eye and shifted marginally, wincing as his stiches pulled uncomfortably. Violet looked up at the sound, eyes full of immediate concern and Siger had paused, book held open but practically forgotten in his lap.
Mycroft carefully set down his niece in her Moses basket, he watched her for any signs of waking and when he was content that she wouldn’t wake, he ran a hand through her hair and bent down to place a kiss on her forehead. He left the room, closing the door quietly and retrieved his umbrella.
“He was more worried about you tearing your stitches” his mother said knowingly as she returned with a bottle and handed it to her husband. He took off the cap and checked the temperature under Sherlock’s watchful gaze before putting the teat to her lips, she considered it for a moment before opening her mouth and drinking hungrily.
“They were disappointed and think I’m selfish, they want to take Maeve in and raise her because ‘Holmes’ stick together’.”
"I'll just take these out then" John told him, he pulled over a small leather stool and a table lain with the required instruments,
Once again, I'm very sorry it took so long. I hope you enjoy it. And, if you ever want to bug me to update please follow me on social media and send a polite nudge.
The pathologist turned around to face him surprised by his sudden arrival though she had been expecting him since the body came in on Sunday. The purple pram separated them, his hands firmly on the handle and soft snores emulating from inside. The hood was pulled over the top of the pram blocking her view of the sleeping baby but she could clearly see the blankets covering the bottom half of the pram but not her legs, she was still tiny.
“We should go.” Mycroft announced rising to his feet. Greg followed his lead, rising to his feet and stepping towards the door.
Sherlock nodded and stepped further into the room. His steel blue eyes wandered over his brother. He was still dressed in the clothes he wore yesterday, his jacket was not in the room and his shirt sleeves were rolled past his elbows. He put the cup of coffee on the table and without missing a line of the paper he was reading, took in his brother’s appearance and went back to reading. “Coffee in the pot.”
The suspect was still in the small diner nursing a cup of coffee that had long gone cold. He was dressed down but the angle of his back suggested that he was not only used to dressing better but also did not frequent diners such as this. His shoulders were slumped and the black hat he wore served to give him a discreet look or so he thought.  It only served to make him more obvious. But he was small fish and Sherlock was looking for a shark. A hired killer that used an encrypted to a website to offer out his services. He was hardly a professional but it would suit better to get a murderer off the streets before the holidays.
“I thought that it was fairly obvious” Sherlock said, regarding the still crying child. “I’m giving you a tour of the house.”
“You’ll be using the room adjoining to yours, correct?” Sherlock picked up the tea and passed it to his brother, Mycroft leaned forward and accepted the cup with his free hand, placing it on his knee.
“It is my concern” Mycroft said after a moment as he stepped closer, craning slightly to view the baby tucked in his brothers arms. “She is my niece after all.”
When Harold came back downstairs he went into the kitchen and found tea waiting on the table. The cat was on a counter, curled up in a ball, she opened one eye but quickly closed it again. The flat was empty. No sign of Sherlock, John or Maeve. He sat down at the table and took the cup, a plain white mug that was obviously meant for him, the other was delicate and flowery.
“Yes,” Mycroft looked at his brother, grey eyes soft but unyielding. He said, surprising everyone including himself. “Screw the consequences.”
“I should call my parents,” Mycroft sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sherlock’s expression shifted to a frown. “What?”
“You partner is the one insisting on my presence for paperwork, I could do without it.” Sherlock admitted, climbing up the steps to the building. The doorman recognised him, acknowledging him with a nod of the head and opened the door.
“They’ve been waiting for this” Sherlock shouted rising to his feet. “From the moment I told them, they wanted me to fail and guess what?” He gestured wildly. “They were right. I have failed. I am failing at this.”
“John’s been good as gold.” Molly spoke up. Sherlock set her a ‘how would you know’ look, she blushed and pulled her mobile from the lab coat pocket. “We text.”
“She is under the impression that I’ve somehow coerced John into a relationship.” Sherlock informed his elder brother, though he had no doubt that Mycroft was already aware. “She does not approve of our relationship or his parenting my child.”
Sally twisted on the spot, eyes widening at the sight of the detective and a soft smile settling on her thin lips. She was stood in front of a board in the conference room. There was a map in the middle with lines joining them to the pictures of the three girls, all in their mid-twenties and with varied shades of blonde hair, surrounded by various crime scene pictures. Sherlock wasted no time in moving directly in front of the board and flicking his eyes over all the relevant information.
Sherlock said simply, as though he was already bored, “I would hope you’d remember the name of your granddaughter’s godmother.”
Three pink tops, white and grey shorts, five different kind of ‘pretty’ dresses and some booties, and they were done. His mother had forgotten about the morning, only scolding him once and offering a short apology about ‘interfering’. Now, back at the villa, with Maeve in the bath and him knelt at the side, sleeves rolled up to his elbows, soap bubbles sticking to his skin and the silk of his shirt, he was relaxed.
“Well, I would have argued with her if I thought that I would win but it’s better to let her get on with it.”
The tower of London was crowded despite the early hour. They queued for the crown jewels and John sat out the other parts of the building, allowing his family to go alone while he sat on a bench with Maeve, her head was in his neck and her body stretched against his chest, held firmly. She was awake but content to sit, her eyes occasionally flicking over the grass and stone walls, the ravens.
“That makes two of us,” The consulting detective admitted with a lopsided smile in Maeve’s direction.
“Purple” Sherlock muttered simply. Emma nodded and ordered it on the tablet, it was best for her to order as they went to get everything ready for them. They would be leaving with the pram and the rest delivered throughout the day.
The door opened and Sherlock stepped inside. His coat was wet and the collar turned up to protect against the weather, his curls were drench and sticking to his face.
“About two hours, but it’s worth it, we’ll have a break before then make sure she’s fed and had a sleep.”
Sherlock managed a nod. He stared at the blonde and realisation dawned on his face, he cursed himself inwardly and deduced. “You were bothered that I didn’t ask you to come with me, when we arrived.”
Mycroft let himself into his parents’ house early, he’d managed to get away earlier than expected and thought he should collect Maeve. Though Sherlock trusted his parents with her, he’d want her back as soon as possible and a trip through London at night with a baby was not wise. He would take her back to the flat.
Sherlock finished for her, "you're biologically wired to think about babies and seeing a baby brings out that response in you. Many women are attracted to men with babies because it makes them seem more accessible, it has happened to me since the arrival of Maeve and is considered a natural response."
“She was.” Mycroft corrected him. “Everybody dies. It’s the one thing human beings can be relied upon to do. How can it still come as a surprise to people?”
Maeve’s blue eyes flicked to his face and she continued to suck eagerly on his finger. She held his hand steady with her small fist, grasping the finger that he had offered to her and had now been in her mouth for the better part of two minutes. There was saliva running down her chin and over his hands in copious amounts. His other hand was resting softly on her back, a firm but undemanding grip. He was reclined against the numerous pillows on the headboard with her resting on his chest, head on his pectoral and other hand, that wasn’t holding his, lax against his side. Her fingers clenched and unclenched unconsciously, brushing the fabric of his pyjama top.
He held her close like Sherlock had but on his side, she supported her own head and his eyes skimmed over her face and neck, fingers following his gaze. He looked up at Sherlock, “I need to lay her down.”
“I understand perfectly well. You’re a sexual sadist. You. Get. Off. On torturing and killing people. You’ve raised the stakes, taken my daughter to extort money from me, you know I’ll pay. I have no choice.”
“There’s no reason for my presence here other to exhibit Mycroft’s extraordinary gifts of transformation, the once addict brother now a diligent father.”
Sherlock was awoken by a long meow and a small body jumping onto his chest. He jerked awake and blinked, staring into the eyes of their new cat, Jade. Her pupils were thin black lines against pale green irises.
“It’s hardly about me” Sherlock dismissed. Yes, the newspapers had annoyed him, he was a consulting detective and hardly needed a public image but the fact it was about his daughter annoyed him more, she was hardly newsworthy and wanted privacy.
“Yes.” Mycroft answered with a curt nod. “I need you to remain calm and understand that the situation has been dealt with.”
Sherlock looked mysterious and elegant, like usual. It was strange; to see a tall, dark and mysterious man in his billowing dark coat pushing a pram like there was nothing he’d rather be doing. “We’re going to be early.” He said for the fifth time today.
“Perhaps you should stop trying.” Sherlock suggested with a raised eyebrow before he scowled at the woman. She looked away.
“I don’t care.” Sherlock spoke up, rising to his feet and buttoning up his suit jacket. “Maeve is safe.”
Mycroft gave a curt nod and moved towards the kitchen. He kept a weathered eye on the small almost mobile infant near his feet as her eyes followed him around the room. There were two clean mugs on the draining board which he picked up and placed beside the kettle that he clicked on.
“Yes, she is.” Mycroft agreed with a firm twitch of the lips. Sherlock rolled his eyes and Mycroft continued. “There are matters to be discussed.”
“Still?” Sherlock didn’t seem fazed by the news. He began walking again, one hand steering the pram and the other reaching in to check on Maeve. He repeated his earlier motion of checking her temperature, cooler than before but still warmer than average, and offered her his hand. She accepted it, grasping one long finger in her fist. Mycroft stayed in line, walking in step with his brother and watching his exchange with Maeve with a small tugging of lips.
He climbed out of bed with the stealth of a jungle cat and retrieved the presents he’d hidden under a loose floorboard. Satisfied that John was still asleep he crept into the living room and placed them beneath the tree beside the other gifts. Next, he went upstairs and picked Maeve up. He made sure that she didn’t wake and carried her back downstairs, he climbed back into bed with her.
He changed her and re-dressed her in a new baby-grow, this one grey with clouds printed on it. He then picked her back up, smoothing her soft black hair with light touches, it was short but the ends were already beginning to form curls.
John was smoothing down his jacket in the mirror, oblivious to his partners arrival and checking his own reflection out. The material was soft and dark with a navy and forest green checked pattern that was both subtle and show stopping. The lapels were pure black and a different material to the jacket and trousers and matched his new shiny black shoes and the black knitted tie. His eyes flicked over his reflection and settled on the consulting detective.
John rolled his eyes at the brothers as he took a seat between them, placing the pram between him and Sherlock so that he had an eye on his sleeping daughter. She shifted slightly but remained asleep.
“Well, I can just imagine.” John raised his eyebrows, “a nine year old showing up at a crime scene and demanding to be listened to, did they arrest you?”
The moment Sherlock stepped into the grand ballroom there was a round of applause that startled Maeve, she immediately started crying and Sherlock thought about walking back out, instead he shifted her to rest completely against his chest and bounced her gently until she calmed down. He did this beside Mycroft and Greg, who were already talking to Molly with champagne flutes resting in their hands.
This is just a short, fluffy chapter. I'm going to start doing more important milestones and events otherwise this fic will go on forever. Basically, I'll be doing the same thing but skipping the day-to-day stuff because it can be boring and repetitive. So the next chapter will cover the entirety of John's parents visits and the next the holiday to France, so yeah, the chapters will probably be longer and may take a little longer (sorry) but yeah, we'll get into some more substantial stuff.
Mrs Hudson called up before she entered the flat carrying a tray with her butterfly tea set upon it, she paused in the doorway to look at the consulting detective. Sherlock was sat in his chair, hands steepled beneath his chin and apparently deep in thought, though he blinked and his grey eyes flicked to Mrs Hudson immediately and softened slightly, before huffing an insincere annoyed breath.
“Your parents, Mycroft mentioned that you visited them yesterday, I take it things did not go well.”
“What are your takes on the situation, Mycroft?” George asked. The grey haired government official lent back in his chair and removed his glasses, carefully crossing one leg over the other.
Siger took the wiggling baby from his son and watched her face carefully. He looked torn, as though he were afraid that he was going to break her somehow and also, completely happy with her in his hands. She watched him as though she were interesting. If Mycroft were to describe it, he’d say that she looked as though she were watching a goldfish swim around a bowl.
“Don’t give me that crap.” John sighed, plopping down on the sofa but lent forward far enough to still keep an eye on Maeve as not to wake her up with this conversation, though she was probably due to wake up soon for a feed. She’d been asleep for well over an hour.
“I have far too many people to worry about already.” Mycroft sighed, closed the file and looked down at Maeve. She looked up at him, flashing him a half smile. He couldn’t help but smile in response.
“Perhaps,” his mother halting her husband before he could stand with a delicate but firm hand on his knee, “it would be better if Mycroft brought her to you.”
"I'll check her eyes, ears and her heart for any abnormalities." John instructed him on the next steps he'd be taking. Sherlock gave a silent nod and John continued with the examination.
Sherlock pouted and craned his neck to look at his daughter. “Did you hear that? Papa thinks I’m a baby now.” Maeve growled again. “Yes, he’s a very mean man.”
“I don’t want you to change – cleaner, yes; more polite, yes – but you can’t change your sleeping pattern. I know you have trouble sleeping. You crash when you need sleep, it’s how you work.” John informed him, sighing softly, “And normal, normal boring.”
John continued with an amused look. “And prefer not to show that they have any, they prefer reason and logic. They sit in the same room and glare at each other for hours instead of talking. Arch-enemy, I think was the term he used when I first met him.”
“Why?” John laid down on his side, mirroring Sherlock’s position. He brushed Maeve’s dark hair gently.
Carol Fowler nodded and her husband, David hooked his arm around her shoulders comfortingly. "The police said that her body was…displayed.”
“I brought a new dress,” the older woman practically beamed. Sherlock managed a small fake smile though he had absolutely no interest in her outfit. She continued, “I caught a glance of Maeve’s dress, it’s very pretty.”
“This is my usual hour,” Mycroft sniffed and stepped into the flat. He placed the bag on his brother’s chest.
Sherlock pushed his body closer to his mother’s in a silent gesture which the elder woman understood, she took her granddaughter from him and pulled her close. She twisted and smiled at John, then her eyes settled on the cat who had finished eating and was now licking her front paw.
“I am not bored. Well, not of her anyway or John. There is a distinct lack of cases, my brain needs to be occupied, so this” he gestured wildly to the table, “will have to do.”
John nodded and opened the door wide enough to reveal the doctor, the same brown haired doctor he’d seen in the hospital the night after Maeve had been abandoned on his doorstep. He was holding a black medical bag and wearing a light jacket over a jumper and dark jeans. He looked up and noticed Sherlock.
“Give the people what they want.” Sherlock twisted his body and stood up with Maeve in his arms in one swift, solid movement.
“It was an isolated incident,” Mycroft added, “the culprits gained access through the flat below but the issue has been dealt with and the property secured.”
Mycroft opened the door as quietly as possible and peeked into Sherlock’s childhood bedroom. His mother was wondering what Sherlock was getting up to and instead of coming up herself, Mycroft had volunteered.
“Yes but that’s not the bloody point.” John offered the bottle back to Maeve, she eagerly accepted. “You can’t just go off on your own, what if something had happened? You have her” he nodded to the infant “to think of now.”
The café was only a couple of streets away and luckily not too crowded as he approached. He could see Harry in the window, but she was focused on her hands.
“Does she still have a fever?” Greg asked as he shed his jacket, placing it on the back of a chair and rolling his sleeves up.
“Look,” he moved Maeve so that she was sitting up and able to face the room, supported by him, “I told you papa would be back, there he is.”
A huge thank you to Ashley1272 whose comments motivated me to finish this chapter and helped to remind me why I spend so much time writing this.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Wants…She is overcome with her want for children and compensates with her work, she’ll be rewarded soon enough.”
The notion of a family tradition at Halloween probably seemed ridiculous to most British families, yes it was celebrated but not to the same extent that the American’s seemed to celebrate. Sherlock had always thought Halloween was fascinating and his passion for dressing up as a kid, though long gone, was something he always remembered at this time of year. He had once gone trick or treating with his brother around the houses closest to theirs and now, that tradition was being repeated with his daughter thought they were not going to stranger’s houses. They were doing the rounds, so to speak, visiting the immediate family which in this case meant his mother and father. In the absence of sweets, they were gifting her with some toys.
“No.” Sherlock agreed. “But you did. You were hurt as much as I was and I shut you out, stupid, rookie mistake.”
“Yes, but you’ve only ever cared about yourself.” And with that John picked up the papoose from the chair and gestured for Sherlock to go first, the dark haired man stared at him for a second before following his lead and exiting the café. He drew his coat around his body and over his daughter, shielding her from the rain while he was drenched, his hair flattening and drips pouring from his lips.
“Shut up!” John told him simply, “Pick up your daughter, bring her downstairs and smile for the photos, so help me, if you don’t I will withhold sex.”
“She prefers to be close.” Sherlock shifted Maeve, holding her in an outstretched arm away from his body and settling her like he usually did, face looking at his neck with her body supported by his hands and pressed against his chest. “She likes this.”
His phone buzzed and he fished it effortlessly out of his pocket with only one hand, the phone blinked 'message from Molly Hooper'. He opened it and sighed, looking at Maeve sympathetically though she just continued to sleep.
John frowned, "it's normal to be proud of someone Sherlock, no matter if it's your child, sibling or partner."
“My brother likes his luxuries,” he told John though it was not new news. “He spends less time there since he began dating Lestrade.”
“I think it’s a ridiculous notion but I can’t deny the science behind it. You are well suited to one another. Who else could put up with the hours you keep? Your wife couldn’t. And who else could put up with him jetting off for unknown countries with a minutes notice? You work because your careers are what guide you both and the rest fit in between that, like a puzzle piece.”
The sincerity in his tone made Mycroft falter for half a second. He remained composed and nodded his head. He sniffed in feigned nonchalance. “Whatever suits you, brother mine.”
A soft whine stopped him. Sherlock furrowed his brows, reopening the partially shut door to look back outside. Another soft whine caught his attention, the consulting detective looked down at the source.
John read for a few hours, alternating between his book and checking his blog, and staring at his partner and daughter. Then, he went to bed leaving the consulting detective with his daughter. Maeve was sleeping soundly in her Moses basket, which was on the floor beside the sofa so that he could watch her.
Sophia smiled and picked up the crayon she’d been using previously. The drawing was rather messy but it was clearly Father Christmas and his reindeer delivering gifts.
They were in John's office, a small plain room like most doctor surgeries that had a sturdy desk in front of the window, his desk chair pushed back from where he'd got up to collect the detective and his baby from the waiting area. Sherlock was stood beside the uncomfortable looking examination table and Maeve's pram left in the centre of the room with Maeve's inside, kicking and gurgling noisily.
“Yes, tomorrow afternoon.” Sherlock said thoughtfully. “And make sure they send over anything relevant, police reports etcetera. Pictures.”
“Well, there’s been some comments about me not uploading anything though they seem more interested in her ladyship than the actual cases.” His tone went from pensive to mildly peeved.
“I never said that,” Sherlock looked down at his plate. “You are extremely competent as both an officer of the law and a father.”
Sherlock held out an arm and gestured for John to join him. The blonde stepped forward and the consulting detective placed his hand on his lower back and led him towards the door. He unlocked and pushed it open.
Mycroft said nothing. He was not used to seeing such displays of sentiment from his brother. He was a father now and that came with unfamiliar affections. It may have shocked Mycroft but it did not surprise him.
“I’ll be keeping Maeve asleep as long as possible if you want her to be awake tonight. However, I cannot promise that her disposition will be rosy.”
There was more emotion in his voice uttering that one short sentence than Greg had heard from the consulting detective over the course of an entire weekend – he was pleading, Sherlock Holmes was pleading – and Greg managed a stunted nod. “I understand but it would be-“
Greg nodded in agreement and Mycroft fixed the blonde with a serious look which quickly soften and he confessed, “He’s just upset, give him some time and he’ll resurface.”
“Come on then, let’s get you to bed before you tire yourself out.” He talked to her as though she were an adult and not a six-month-old baby.
“Well, thank you anyway.” John repeated. “I know you find these things dull but it meant a lot to me.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned to look in the large mirror hanging above the fireplace, he buttoned up his jacket and focused on his reflection, with a few quick stroke of his fingers his hair was sitting the way he preferred. He sighed in satisfaction and turned back to his parents. Mrs Hudson appeared in her new dress, a navy blue dress with ¾ sleeves and a large pattern of flowers in pale pink and blue.
“I will not dignify that with an answer,” Sherlock fought back a wince and wet his lip, careful as his tongue ran over the cut that ran down his plump bottom lip. There was some swelling too and a small bruise but it didn’t compare to the bruise on his cheek and cut stitched together on his forehead.
“Well, she’s like a headless chicken down there. She’s shouted at me at least three times, it’s best out stay out of her way until later, preferably after she’s had her first glass of champagne.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and moved his hands to grasp Maeve under the arms, lifting her up and following suit, he moved into a sitting position with grace but lacking his usual speed. He brought her to his chest and nestled her face into his neck, she greedily accepted the skin and suckled on it enthusiastically. “Did Daddy sleep too long? Not give you enough attention?” He kissed the top of her head and kept his lips there, lips moving against her soft scalp as he continued “my poor baby. What must you think of me?”
Mycroft nodded and Greg muttered a farewell. The pair of them exited without a word. Sherlock then went into his room, with only a brief glance in his friend’s direction. He rested Maeve on the bed and got into his own pyjamas before picking her back up. He sat up in bed, lent against pillows and the headboard. Maeve pressed to his chest as he read out a story, Alice in Wonderland.
“Then prove him wrong.” Mycroft told his father sternly. “Because if you get this wrong you will lose more than your son this time, you’ll lose the only chance you have of knowing your grandchild.”
The receptionist cleared her throat and stood up, eyes flicking over Sherlock and the pram critically. “Room 2.”
Sherlock glared at the offending item, holding Maeve tight to his chest as she snored softly against his neck, completely undisturbed. “Definitely not.”
The doctor’s surgery was, as predicted, full to the brim of people with kids with snotty noses and bloody knees. Sherlock sniffed. He was lent against the wall, one hand on the handle of the pram and the other on his phone, surfing through his emails. Maeve was almost asleep, her eyes drooping and lips parted, a thin line of drool running down her chin. His eyes flicked to her and then back to his phone.
“No.” Sherlock answered. John released the breath that he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. “I have never traded sexual favours for drugs, sometimes I would mix the two but I wouldn’t allow someone to have that kind of power over me.”
Maeve squealed and kicked wildly in response, splashing the water around as her head dropped towards the water, watching it intently.
“Maeve was at the flat but the intruder was not alerted to her presence” Siger began to explain, he hated that he had to justify his son to these women, though he didn’t mind Arabella, it was the gossip Beatrice he loathed.
Greg was in the middle of the bed on his side reading through a case file. He looked up at them with a tired smile and apologised, “I’ll put this away.”
Greg nodded and the officer spared one more glance at Maeve before walking away, leaving Lestrade standing by the car with the mini-Holmes. He shook his head and looked down at the baby with a fond smile, “already breaking hearts.”
“He may not be interested in rekindling our liaisons but he will no doubt want to talk about the past a great deal, a past you weren’t involved in and wouldn’t approve of. I didn’t want you getting….” He trailed off.
"I brought Chinese food" Sherlock informed him swiftly changing the subject and taking a seat on the sofa, leaving a reasonable gap between him and Molly. He then repositioned Maeve's chair to be by his feet, "and invited Molly."
He stopped when the water was to the middle of his torso and Maeve’s legs dangling in the water, he waited for her reaction before continuing, she remained silent, her eyes wide and curious. “Good?”
“I love you, John.” Sherlock told him, “and I have thought of every possible variation of this, I will not accept you leaving me, I will never leave you, and this is forever John.”
“We’re just going to check her temperature, we need to make sure her temperature remains the same and then we’ll give her a bath, for now though, we’re just going to give her a look over, check everything ok, and let her sleep. We can move her to a nursery if you need time to yourself or we can leave her in here with you, either is fine, it’s completely up to you. We’ll get a bottle prepared for you soon, a nurse can walk you through it, if you like, and feed her when she’s hungry, you’ll know when she’s hungry, she’ll let you know.” Doctor Greene explained. “After that, when we say so, you can go home, if you’re prepared?”
Two days later found Sherlock scrolling through online articles with one hand moving the page down and the other clutched by his sleeping daughter, she held onto two of his long fingers with small fists as she snored in her chair. Sherlock had positioned her bouncy chair on his armchair and turned it to face the desk, she was fast asleep with her rosy lips parted. Sherlock dressed in a pair of pyjamas and a dressing gown, the shirt inside out and his feet covered by a pair of socks. Maeve was similarly dressed in one of her sleepsuits, a pale grey with thin white stripes horizontal across her body, it covered her entire body, arms and legs, even her feet.
“She is dreadfully interesting.” Sherlock widened his eyes like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
Sherlock opened his eyes and craned his neck to look at John, looking down at the blonde. “She will sleep for half an hour.” Sherlock repeated.
In response Sherlock held Maeve out further in offering to the doctor, John secured his grasp on her under her arm pits and brought her close to his body, repositioning her with little difficulty to be lain flat on her back on both of his arms, looking up at him. He told Sherlock, "I'm just going to weight her and then check her over."
He placed it on the table and dipped his finger into the large dollop of cream. He popped it into his mouth.
“I’m assuming you brought me here for a reason.” He sighed and went about his task of taking off the infants shoes. She shot him an annoyed look but softened moments later as her eyes wandered over the shop.
“My mother is the lesser of two evils.” John raised an eyebrow and Sherlock continued. “She’ll only smother her to death.”
“Sherlock,” He called out, opening the door and stepping out into the hot hallway. He craned his neck to look into the kitchen. Sherlock’s jacket was thrown carelessly onto the table and there were carrier bags littering the surface. He sighed and walked towards the kitchen.
“I believe” Sherlock started, clearing his throat and cradling the baby to his chest a little tighter when she released a gentle whine of discomfort. “I believe that I may have done something….imprudent.”
Sherlock striped himself and Maeve. The shower was lukewarm, not an acceptable in his opinion but just right for Maeve, she was resting against his chest. She startled the moment the water hit her but quickly adjusted, blinking wildly and looking up at Sherlock for confirmation. He snorted.
Sherlock bit back a smile and handed his daughter to the pathologist. Molly cradled her like a natural, eyes roaming over the baby in fond fascination. God, she just enchanted everyone she met. Maeve, such a fitting name. She was rather intoxicating.
Sherlock managed a small chuckle of amusement, his eyes downcast as he rocked Maeve comfortingly. “I don’t sleep out of necessity.”
“Eloquent as always,” he frowned and took the seat opposite. It struck him how much he sounded like Sherlock but he shook the thought from his head. “And that, is my daughter.”
Sherlock turned to face their landlady. She levelled him with a look and put her hands on her hips. “You. Leaving John like that.”
“Time.” Anthea interrupted the staring contest between her boss and his partner, drawing theirs and the other occupants of the room attention to the screen. The red numbers had reached zero and Sherlock looked down at his phone expectantly.
“One problem at a time, keep her cool.” Sherlock responded, pulling her away from the fan and sitting himself down in his chair. “Then deal with the teething issue.” He gesture towards the bowl.
An employee had filled the car with the necessary items while Sherlock watched, hiding behind the netting.
Sherlock shrugged one shoulder and sat on the arm of John’s chair. Maeve shifted against him but remained calm. She sighed against him. “I’m sure you are eager to return to your air conditioned home.”
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, giving nothing away. John knew he would be thinking about this and anything to do with Maeve in great detail everyday.
Maeve calmed at the sound of his voice and comforting movements. Sherlock kept whispering comforting phrases to her, she wouldn’t yet understand but she needed to get used to the sound of his voice. Her picked up one of her tiny hands in his own and held it, loosely but reassuringly. He looked up at the camera in the corner, aware that John was watching him and smiled before looking back down at his daughter. “Let’s get you changed and fed, then Daddy will tell you a story.”
Maeve was asleep when Sherlock strapped her back into the car seat. Her face scrunched up but she didn’t wake up. Mycroft slid into his seat, his jacket hooked over his arm.
“Yes, it is rather hot. Have you thought about putting clothes on her?” He asked, gesturing towards his niece with a raised eyebrow.
“It would be an abuse of the government’s time and money to call in a team to clean this, wouldn’t it?”
“My father was livid, as you can imagine, my mother, well, they both questioned the conduct of the police force.”
“You are,” Sherlock shouted back. When he was sure John was out of earshot he turned to his daughter and whispered, “don’t tell Papa, it will be our little secret.”
Mycroft cradled his niece to his chest protectively. She was awake and looking up inquisitively, blue eyes wide and bright. Greg was sat beside him, peering at the tiny baby with gooey brown eyes. “It’s weird to think that something so small could completely disrupt the lives of others.” Greg asked. He had kids of his own, he knew but he’d never seen so much humanity emulating from the Holmes’ brothers.
“Because he has done it many times before John.” Sherlock told him. “He knows how to distance himself from emotions, far better than I ever could, and he uses that to aid him.”
Mycroft glanced over his shoulder, grey eyes scanning over his younger brother, reading the day’s events from each crease in his coat and suit. He sniffed softly and turned back to the infant, “she is not in the mood for crushed carrots, apparently.”
“Are you a couple?” Thompson asked. Still no tact, John made a mental note as he looked over the rim of his glass at the larger man with dark hair.
“Now? John and I take a cab home, probably on the longest and most expensive route until my daughter falls asleep when she does, I will go through the pile of cases Lestrade dropped off earlier this morning. John will, no doubt, update his blog and we’ll order takeaway. If we’re lucky, an interesting case may present itself but I am in high doubt, the criminal classes are really not what they used to be.”
“Her belly buttons fully healed then?” Greg asked, he knew small talk wasn’t Sherlock’s thing but it was worth a shot, he loved talking about his daughter.
“Yes, I like that one too.” He admitted, closing the notepad with one hand while reaching towards her with the other, running his fingers over her small hand and the toy in it. “It reminds me of your uncle,” he frowned, “foolish, I know.”
They landed in a pile with a hard thump, her knee jabbing him in the stomach as he landed on top of her with a pained groan.
Expect more regular updates from now on, like the good old days because this fic is just over half-way through and I would really love to finish it at some point.
“There is no doubt. But I do not wish to overwhelm Maeve at this stage and this will be a tedious enough conversation without them fawning all over her.”
“I’ll manage” The consulting detective shot back, pushing himself from the bed and onto his feet all the while, keeping a firm hold on his sleeping daughter, she jerked slightly at the movement but remained asleep.
“Here’s your daddy,” Greg told the still sleeping infant as he crossed the room; stopping on the sofa in front of him and lent over, peeling the baby from his body.
John frowned but nodded. He picked up the baby bag and followed the consulting detective upstairs, through the dark flat and into their bedroom. Sherlock placed Maeve on the bed, beside the sleeping cat that looked up as they entered but quickly settled back down to sleep. “I’ll get her ready for bed.
Maeve eyed it curiously before accepting it, taking it from her and putting it in her mouth. She chewed on it, eyes flicking up to Mycroft and Anthea as though to check that they were watching.
“It wasn’t the best of starts.” John concluded, managing a small smile. “But we are doing everything in our power to make sure that she is ok, more than ok, now. She needs us and we need her.”
“And an Uncle apparently.” Sherlock commented as he shifted around quickly so that he was sitting the correct way with his legs either side of Maeve. She looked up at him expectantly, mouth tugging into what looked like the start of a smile. Sherlock pursed his lips, he would get her to smile by the end of the day even if it killed him.
Violet nodded and Mycroft reached into the pram. He plucked out the sleeping infant, who jerked and immediately began rubbing at her still closed eyes. He pulled her close until her face was resting on his shoulder and body pressed against his chest. She whined.
Mycroft snorted. John didn’t bother hiding his amusement as he started laughing, Sherlock scowled at him but it only spurred the doctor on. His mother released him but kept her hand on his arm, beaming up at him. “She is a credit to you Sherlock.”
“Well, it seemed like an open and shut robbery. We have the suspect, he’s back at the station. 45-year-old Bradley Fisher, he lost his job and the wife denied him access to the kids, this was a last-ditch attempt to get so money not that it did him any good, the café hasn’t been running at a profit for a while now, it’s weeks from closing down. The owner, he gave him the money but also, he used a baseball bat to knock him out.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the pram. Maeve was fast sleep on her back with her mouth parted and breathing even. He dressed her in a white dress with a puffy blue skirt with white flowers sewn across the bottom in a pretty pattern, there were matching knickers that he’d put on her underneath a pair of white leggings and white cardigan. She had on little white booties, gloves and a hat to keep her warm, a white blanket with a bee pattern tucked around her small body.
Victor smiled and stepped into the room. Sherlock rose to his feet, careful of the baby and cat on the floor, and buttoned up his jacket as he did so, he flashed a smile and offered his hand.
John smiled as he came down at the stairs and allowed himself to embraced in a hug by Violet, he greeted, “Morning.”
“Later.” Sherlock muttered and pulled Maeve away from his chest, he twisted her around and held her in a seated position, one arm across her torso and the other underneath her bum, her back pressed against his stomach. He held her for a moment in front of the small desk fan. Maeve’s nose scrunched and she blinked, the breeze catching her eyelashes. She whined but he kept her there.
“Do I? Sherlock challenged, successful in unwrapping a large cushion with a harness on it. A beanbag for kids.
When Sherlock was finished his story and Maeve snoring softly, he kissed the top of her head and placed her in the cot, his hands lingering on her before he pulled back.
Molly was fingering the stem of her champagne flute and talking about a body when they approached, she stopped when she caught sight of them. Sherlock announced, “Would you like to hold your goddaughter?”
Sherlock nodded and walked into the kitchen, he picked up both plates on the table and brought them into the living room, placing one on the desk behind his brother and the other on the coffee table. He took a seat on the sofa. He took a moment to consider the macaroni and cheese, it was baked in a small ceramic pot with a breadcrumb topping and chips on the side. He picked up a piece of cucumber from the side salad and popped it into his mouth.
“Sherly, you are not making any sense.” His mother pitched in quickly. Sherlock glared at his mother for a moment and re-focused his attention on John.
Siger did not look convinced, he placed a comforting hand on his wife’s shoulder. “What is it?” Violet asked, changing the subject swiftly with a wary smile.
Sherlock closed the door behind him. Maeve was no longer crying but sniffling loudly in her carseat. Mrs Hudson bustled out of her flat with a sad expression, “Oh dear, is everything ok?”
“Aw, that was nice” Mrs Hudson broke the silence, she looked at Sherlock disapprovingly “You’re too thin, I’ll get you a slice of cake, it’s your favourite.”
Sherlock nodded. He pulled Maeve away from his chest and held her outstretched for a moment as she got used to the change before twisting slightly in the seat to get a better angle as he passed his daughter to his mother. The older woman cradled her in her arms, completely silent and holding her breath from fear. Her eyes were fixed to the tiny infant, blinking up at her with curiosity while Sherlock remained close, closer than she was used to with him. He quickly pulled the small hat and gloves from his daughter, allowing his fingers to caress the skin for a moment.
Sherlock spent a moment simply staring at the dress, it was on a hanger on the door of his open wardrobe. The Dolce and Gabbana christening dress was made of a pale lace, a shade of pink so light that it looked white, like his shirt, with a high-low skirt that stopped higher up at the front than the back, though it made it little difference as it would be far too long on Maeve, a traditional dress. The front was plain, lace covering the entirety and small sleeves, a ribbon tied into the perfect bow in the middle; and there were matching lace booties to cover her small feet.
“Hardly,” John scoffed, “Sherlock’s brilliant with her and honestly, I’m fairly redundant, he is so attentive and well, I help out when I can but he doesn’t really need it.”
“There is more to it than that.” Sherlock frowned as they turned onto another path, taking them past a large field scattered with people eating their lunch and chatting.
John stopped as he reached the door. “Sherlock” The army doctor exhaled at the sight of the consulting detective, still in his clothes with his wine red dressing gown over the top, a baby in a white blanket held in his long arms. She was asleep and wearing a small pink hat, a dark curl peeking out from beneath it. Red face scrunched up slightly.
Maeve wriggled for a moment before moving her hands into a sturdier position beneath her chest and pushing her upper body up and resting on her hands for a moment, flashing a gummy smile at Sherlock as she did so. Sherlock was beaming at her, a genuine smile of triumph, excitement and pride.
The consulting detective climbed the stairs with his usual fast pace, taking two at a time and pausing only for a moment in the entryway before coming into the room. He remained silent as he shed his coat and scarf, hanging them over the door.
It opened partially to reveal Anthea, a distressed smile on her face. “Sir, a situation has arisen that requires your immediate attention.”
John sighed. He pushed himself up, face hovering above Sherlock’s for a moment and placed a chaste kiss on his plump lips. “Fine but you eat at lunch.”
“Yes,” he called back, ducking into the kitchen for a moment before striding back into the lounge with a bottle and bottle warmer in hand, “why?”
“Let’s get daddy some clothes,” he suggested and plucked a dressing gown and pyjamas from the drawers.
Mycroft appeared in the kitchen doorway dressed in a grey three piece suit and looking fairly tired. The blonde took notice of the older coupler behind him, the man was tall with neat dark grey hair and an expensive outfit on. His wife was smaller and pale, her grey hair pulled into a neat arrangement at the back of her head.
“Right, this is as good a place as any to stop,” Siger said, gesturing to the service station. “Let’s get something to eat and drink, and we’ll be back on the road in…fifteen minutes.”
“You know exactly what.” The pale man accused. They were in the midst of setting up things, chairs and cushions, clothes on hangers and folded ready for cupboards. All the equipment needed was already in the kitchen set up ready to be used. “I am allowed to worry about her.”
“She ok?” Greg asked, stepping further into the room and perching himself on the edge of the bed beside Sherlock’s legs.
“I thought,” he lowered his voice and He peeled his sweaty palms apart, placing his hands on his knees, and tapping out Frédéric Chopin’s Nocturne in B-Flat Minor, a favourite of his when he was younger. He hunched forward on the table, licking his lips quickly, his throat suddenly dry. “I thought that we’d taken all necessary precautions.”
Sherlock rounded on Greg, the question of his parenting lingering in the air like a bad smell. The detective inspector looked at the ground, aware of his mistake. Sherlock responded, simply. “I would much rather be at home with my daughter but without the sufficient equipment to care for her, a trip out has become necessary. She is warm and sleeping at this moment. And I have no intention of submitting my daughter to your crime scene.”
“Foods ready,” Greg informed him as he picked up the bowl of chicken pasta soup in the microwave with a towel wrapped around it and placed it on the (surprisingly clean) table.
Moriarty twisted and allowed the consulting detective to pluck her from his grasp. He pulled her close.
“Bilbo went to sleep with that in his ears, and it gave him very uncomfortable dreams. It was long after the break of day when he woke up.” John closed the book and glanced at the infant asleep beside him in the bed. A smile broke on his face and he placed the book on the bedside table.
“If we are late I will be lectured.” Sherlock explained. “I’ve got enough to be lectured on already, thank you and if we are on time my father will accuse me of being pedantic, I have no wish to be compared to my brother or father in that respect.”
Mycroft recognised the imitation and smiled at him. He kissed the top of Maeve’s head, lips lingering on the spot. Sherlock pried the bracelet away from her, kissing her fingers as apology and fastened the bracelet around her wrist, Maeve looked at it, frowning before smiling up at him.
Obvious. She was having lunch with the usual suspects, the same women from his childhood, they gossiped and arranged various fund raising activities, and they were a committee. Socialites. Or as his father would say, a gaggle of hens led by his mother.
May, the day that Sherlock was stabbed. The main picture was that of the street, cordoned off with police tape and cop cars, ambulances parked all over the street. There was a photograph of him placed on the side, walking with baby Maeve in a papoose, cradled against his body and large hand over her head, making sure there were no pictures taken of her. The head line read ‘DISASTER STRIKES BAKER STREET, CAN MR HOLMES SOLVE IT’.
“I would love to” Mycroft admitted solemnly. “But I have some rather pressing matters to deal with.”
He left his umbrella by the door and walked through the house. There were voices from the drawing room, mother and her friends then. He stopped in the kitchen to wash his hands before he entered. His mother was sat with at the table with Beatrice, Cecily and Arabella while his father was on the floor with Maeve who was on a blanket with a few soft toys surrounding her.
The familiar faces of his army buddies littering the pub, all with pints in their hands and cheery grins on their faces. He sighed, bracing himself for the onslaught and was manhandled by two of the larger lads: Brian and Thompson, and pushed towards the bar.
“Nothing short of a death will get me out of here now.” Sherlock dropped into the closest armchair. He placed his hand over his eyes but was sure to watch Maeve as she shuffled around on the floor. He hands were wandering over her own red skirt, feeling the fabric between her fingers.
The consulting detective gave a nod of greeting and lent forward to kiss his aunt on the cheek, attempting unsuccessfully to avoid breathing in her ghastly perfume and a firm handshake to his uncle. He looked at John and introduced them, “this is my partner Doctor John Watson, John, my aunt and uncle, Edmund and Petunia.”
“Of course you’re abandoning me in my time of need,” he groaned, turning his face away from John and looking at Maeve.
“Yes.” The consulting detective answered, nodding and crossing the room in a flash. He crouched down and kissed his daughters forehead. She startled but didn’t cry, eyes focusing on her father’s eyebrows as he brushed a large hand over her hair, inhaling her scent. “I won’t be long.” His eyes flicked up to meet John’s for a moment before moving back to his daughter.
“Not this time,” Mycroft closed the door as he stepped outside. His black leather shows quashing the snow beneath his feet. He watched his feet sink slightly before looking out at the garden.
Anderson shook his head. “We’ve collected at least sixty different prints from the car, we’re running them through the system, and have fast tracked the results but it’ll be hours until we have anything solid, if at all.”
“Everything seems fine” The doctor assured them. He looked up from the baby in the cot, awake and kicking her arms and legs out slightly in exploration more than anything else. Sherlock watched the male doctor intently, his neat brown hair and smart casual jeans and shirt beneath a lab coat. “She seems quite content but will be getting hungry soon, I’ll have a nurse prepare a bottle for you.” He gestured to a blonde nurse who nodded and left the room.
“Most definitely.” Sherlock responded, picking up the journal and throwing it to the grey haired man. He caught it effortlessly. “Howard Lewis and Louise Fowler are a team, she’s the alpha in the relationship and has turned him into a murderer.”
“Goodnight Sherlock.” John muttered sleepily, settling back down underneath the covers as Sherlock stood up and rocked Maeve back to sleep. He put her in her Moses basket when she was dozing again and left, leaving the door open slightly.
“She’s a baby” John argued as he followed Sherlock, rolling down the sleeves of his jumper. “She has no power except existing, you can’t blame her that she’s turning you all soft.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I know a fantastic fish shop just off the Marylebone Road. The owner always gives me extra portions. I’ll go.”
He pulled the plug and climbed out of the bath, tying a towel over his hips before lifting Maeve from the bath and moving her directly into his bedroom and onto the changing table, a towel spread out waiting for her. He wrapped her in it before retrieving a pair of bottoms and a dressing gown for himself. It was his warmer beige one, he kept it loose enough to reveal a large section of his chest. He dried, changed and dressed his daughter in her matching dressing gown. They were gifts from Mycroft, things he had purchased from Harrods.
Sherlock is home alone and danger comes knocking, not really...well, there is danger but it doesn't knock unless you count the back of his head. The top of his list of concerns is keeping Maeve safe.
Sherlock looked up at John and nodded. He removed her wet nappy and wiped her clean, then placed a new nappy on. John at this time put the dirty clothes in a nappy bag and retrieved a set of clean clothes from the bag. It was a small blue dress with a smiley strawberry at the bottom and a matching pair of pants.
“When he wants to.” There was no trace of a smile on Mycroft Holmes’ face but there was only a sliver of worry behind that mask of indifference.
“What should we do for the rest of the day?” He asked her before musing. “We could review the cases that Lestrade brought over or see what Mycroft has for us, we won’t ask him, of course. Could we do some minor hacking or break into his house? That would be foolish though, he’ll be here soon enough. There may be something interesting on my website but it’s highly doubtful. John may have something on his blog but he gets mad when I figure out his password as if it’s my fault he’s predictable.”
Mr and Mrs Innes looked scandalised but Robert was quick to answer, as quickly as he could manage. “He said th-that I was boring, n-not like the others.”
“The police didn’t take me seriously, I understand why but I know I’m not crazy, somebody is trying to hurt me.” She sniffed.
“You’ve already given my daughter a nickname.” Mycroft shifted slightly so that he was holding Evelyn with one hand and used the other to push his hair back away from his face.
“She’s smiled in response to my smiling.” He argued, sounding much like a child on the last leg of his argument.
John steered Sherlock down the hallway into the bedroom with one hand on his shoulder and the other cradling Maeve as she slept. He commanded, “Bed.”
John peeled off his gloves and placed them in the small tray along with the discarded stitches, he pushed the table away and wheeled his stool closer to the pair so that he was slotted between the lanky detectives legs. His blue eyes looking up at his partner and the baby that was seemingly attached to him most of the time, he asked "Want me to check her over?"
Sherlock’s eyes flicked over the blonde and his daughter first, then over Harry and the corner of his mouth twitched like it always did when he was deducing a person for the first time, and something was vaguely interesting. He focused back on his partner and the baby.
Sherlock watched them as he folded his shirt over the handle of the pram and hopped elegantly onto the examination table. He frowned at the blonde, "Maeve is hardly capable of expressing her opinion on the matter."
Sherlock frowned and his eyebrows raised, he looked vaguely impressed. “True. Rather hard to stay mad at the son that’s given you your first grandchild.”
“It was a non-verbal agreement but an agreement none the less. How am I supposed to trust you if you can’t keep a simple promise?” He sighed, “you uncle will hold this over me until the end of time. I know there’s no way that we can be here until the end of time but I’m exaggerating for effect, obviously.”
I found a baby on the doorstep” He glanced down at the child in his arms, she was still awake but fighting off sleep.
“It would be a fifteen minute nap at best, not enough to sustain her, keeping her up would be even worse.”
Sherlock jerked expectantly, stepping back and putting some distance between him and the cot. “Don’t be absurd John” He snapped. His gaze flickered to the army doctor, whose blue eyes were fixed on him in a mixture of confusion and amusement. “Why would I want to do that?”
John laughed. Sherlock rounded on him, eyes blazing. John tried to control his laughter to little success. “He’ll bring her back.”
“This isn’t a question of your capability as a parent Mr Holmes, we are here to gather relevant information and come to a conclusion about what is best for Maeve.”
John hummed and dropped his head back onto the pillow with a soft thud. “Night Sherlock. Night Maeve.”
Maeve growled against his chest and he sighed in satisfaction, moving his free hand to cup the back of her head as he placed a kiss in her hairline. “This is all your fault, they’re never going to let this go. Ever.”
“Yes, the baby is fine, it was a long birth.” She assured him. Her voice was soft, too soft, eyes fixed on him and expression solemn. “It’s a girl, Mr Holmes, you have a beautiful daughter.”
Sherlock shook his head and looked down at his daughter. She was being uncharacteristically quiet against his chest, chewing on her own finger and gazing up at him occasionally. John cleared his throat gently and placed his hand on the taller man’s knee, he squeezed it encouragingly and gave a small nod. “Can I?”
“She can be anything she wants to be.” Sherlock told them, his daughters hands had dropped from the toy and was now looking around the room. “And until she is old enough to either like or dislike the colour pink, we will avoid it whenever possible.”
Her eyes shot up to him and then back to the table, avoiding the gaze of all the adults in the room.
John looked up from his book the moment Sherlock sat down beside him, frowned but said nothing. Sherlock looked as though he’d seen a ghost. He was paler than usual and looked uncomfortable. John closed the book and leaned towards the taller man, he cleared his throat quietly and asked, “You ok?”
The nurse showed Mycroft how to give his daughter a sponge bath and he helped with large and somewhat cautious hands, running the sponge over her pink skin, carefully avoiding the umbilical cord that was clipped, still attached to her belly button. When they were finished, he dried her off and dressed her in a white onesie with a small bee logo on the right side, it was one from the bag that Claire had prepared. It was full of spare clothes, a hat and coat included, nappies, wipes and clean, sterilised bottles, cream and everything that would get him through the night, at least. The rest could be brought tomorrow.
“We all love you. You’ve got your daddy and papa, uncle Mycroft and Greg. Me and granny,” he paused and added as an afterthought. “Please don’t tell her I called her that.”
“Yes, I know.” He kissed the top of her head and then craned his neck to watch her face. Her blue eyes flicked to John and then back to his shirt.
“There has to be something.” Sherlock cried out in frustration. He placed his hands on his hips and looked around the room, everyone though use to his antics had stopped and looked up at him.
“Yes, Sherlock was just testing something…he wanted to see if Maeve would be able to climb out of the window when she’s able to move around.” John explained, he sounded bored, like he was always explaining.
John followed the movement and then placed his hand between Maeve’s back and his stomach. He moved into a sitting position and then lifted Maeve to sit on his lap. She looked up but made no sound.
“Well” Greg interrupted, not wanting to watch much more of this strange exchange between the doctor and detective. They were like an old married couple. “Sorry to break it to you, but Maeve isn’t allowed on the crime scene. I’m surprised you even let her out of the house.”
“Yep” Sherlock replied, popping the ‘p’ loudly. The sound echoed off of the squeaky clean white hospital walls as they continued towards the lab.
“These things can often go unnoticed,” Sherlock said though he knew that Lestrade did not need reminding.
“Yes.” Sherlock answered simply, pulling Maeve away from his body and checking her in case she wanted to be sick again. He handed her over to John, who immediately pulled her onto the shoulder with the towel and used his free hand to dab the towel on her mouth, cleaning her of any remaining sick. “Little terror.”
“What do we do?” Sally asked, she knew the procedure but this was different, the stakes were far greater.
John perched on the arm of his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. He wasn’t at all convinced. “You’re annoyed because you thought we were having a family night in?”
“Sadists rarely are,” Sherlock sighed. “They’re desires grow and the severity of the sadistic act increases over time.”
John realised that he probably just wanted to hold her and he placed the almost asleep infant in his arms, the consulting detective brought her close and craned his neck to rest his head against hers. He placed a kiss on her nose and watched as her eyes fluttered open, looked up and recognised him. She yawned and closed her eyes, relaxing in his arms.
Carol nodded. “She was here when the police came, she had a hard time with the news and left. We haven’t seen her since.”
Maeve whined as she settled against his chest, not at all happy with being woken up as per usual. He jiggled her up and down slightly while whispering to her in his usual voice, just a quieter tone than usual. “Are you going to help Daddy solve a crime? Yes, of course you are, you’re a conductor of light, just like John, but better. You are far more intricate.”
Maeve released his hand and focused instead on his blazer. She grasped the fabric in her small fingers and lowered her face to the collar of his shirt. Mycroft didn’t react, this was her usual behaviour after all. It reminded him of Sherlock as a baby, always wanting to touch and put things in his mouth.
“Yeah, I thought that too but I have been paying attention to you these last few years and there are no signs of physical abuse.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “She’s showing absolutely no remorse.”
“Not at all,” the nurse assured him with a reassuring smile, “is there anything else that I can get you before we start?”
There was merit to her speech. It was scientifically proven that music helped with the development of babies and young children. It opened a pathway to future skills that were imperative. He’d spent some time researching the local classes before he decided on this one. Megan, the leader of the group, had positive reviews all over her social media and no links to crimes of any sorts except a warning for marijuana. Her love from music stemmed from her learning as a child and the arrival of her own baby five years previous. She was young but passionate. Sherlock had noted that her fingers were covered in callouses from years of playing instruments. Both the piano and guitar.
Sherlock as the master of his domain, he knew the moment a client walked towards the door or Mrs Hudson had moved something on her cleaning rampage. So, when his brother strolled into the flat as though he owned the place Sherlock was fully aware of his presence but he was preoccupied. His attention was fixed on his daughter; Maeve was dressed in a simple grey tracksuit ensemble sans jumper, her soft cheeks were a deep red like a plum tomato and salvia was practically pouring from her mouth. His hand was resting on her chin and two long fingers were in her mouth, keeping it slightly open as he shone his phone’s torch through the gap, searching for the teeth that were threatening to break through. Mycroft said nothing as he placed his umbrella against the red armchair and took off his jacket foreseeing the spilling of milk, mashed vegetables of salvia on the deep grey material. He placed it on the back of the chair and stepped further into the room as Sherlock pulled the torch and his fingers from her mouth. Maeve pulled a face somewhere between annoyance and pain, Sherlock used his thumb to smooth over her hot cheek and whispered, “shhhhh.”
There was more to consider than the bedroom. There was baby-proofing, his manor house was hardly the ideal home for a baby. There was a suit of armour in the dining room that would need to be moved or made safe, somehow. There were companies that did that kind of thing. He’d have to do this house too. Two houses, double responsibility. There was work to think about. He couldn’t continue how he was, working day and night, not with a child dependant on him.
Then, Mycroft did something that nobody quite expected. He placed one hand on his brother’s shoulder and grabbed his chin with the other, forcing his younger brother to look up and into his eyes, grip hand. He hissed, “we all want her back, moping won’t make this better, you need to focus.”
Sherlock placed the book on the desk and stood up, lifting Maeve with him. Her eyes opened at the movement but she didn’t protest as he placed her in the basket, covering her body with a blanket. She stared up at him with sleepy eyes and growled, the sound a low rumbling in her small chest. Sherlock smiled at her and offered her his hand once more, placing it softly on her chest. She jerked slightly and grabbed the hand with both fist, keen to have him close.
Maeve released a high-pitched wail the moment the first needle pierced her skin and began crying hysterically as Sherlock watched on unable to help her. His heart panged at the sound and sight of his daughter, her skin flushed a warm red and tears beginning to stream from her eyes, she looked up at him, hurt and confused. The nurse had already wiped and placed a plaster on the injection site, pausing only to check the next vaccine before placing the needle into the baby’s thigh again, above the plaster. Maeve screamed louder and continued to during the next two injections.
“Yes” Sherlock said firmly, “she’ll be no trouble. You just have to keep your eyes on her while I look at the scene.”
Sherlock glanced down at his daughter, now fully awake and blinking at him. Her eyes adjusting to the small amount of light and recognising her father but still refusing to settle down. “Hungry?”
“You plan to keep it,” he said, a deduction. There was no way in hell that she’d get rid of it, the urge to be a mother was written all over her. Claire nodded. “And you have a plan, I assume.”
John interrupted firmly, “He’s not, no, he’s not swanning around. The last week has been hard on him, it’s his first case since…well it’s been hard.”
Sally nodded, before she left the room she told Sherlock with a comforting smile. “It was really nice to see you and Maeve, if you ever need anything.”
“She’s close” He told him smugly, “the corners of her mouth twitch like they do before she smiles but she isn’t quite there yet, not in response to others but it’s only a matter of time.”
“Thank you Mrs Hudson” Sherlock said quickly, voice clipped and eyes still on Mycroft, he told his brother “she needs to be fed.”
John shed his jacket and peeled the infant out of her car seat. She frowned in her sleep. John ran his hand down her back and nodded towards the stairs. Sherlock gave a brisk nod in confirmation and the ex-army doctor took the baby to her bedroom. He sat in his chair and clicked on the monitor beside him, he was greeted with the image of John placing Maeve in her bed. She was already sound asleep. He stared at the screen, monitoring her for any signs of waking but there were none. The cat, which was waiting in her room, jumped into the cot beside her and curled up at her feet.
“We need to find some presents for your grandparents and uncle.” He told her. “I know daddy said not to bother but we’re going to anyway, aren’t we?”
Violet looked confused for a moment then realisation dawned on her, her eyes twinkled. “You want me to take care of her?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. John looked at him for a moment before returning his gaze to the doctor. “No, not yet.”
“Should I shut up?” John asked with a raised eyebrow, glancing at Sherlock for a second before looking back at the road.
Sherlock nodded, his eyes firmly fixed on Maeve. The ‘we’ll talk about it later’ passed silently between them.
Sherlock observed the blonde, the worry and concern were practically pouring off him. He deduced, “this is about the newspapers.”
Thirty-Six:  Sherlock returns and take a case; a string of kidnapped rich kids and if the ransom isn't paid quick enough, they die.
Mycroft stopped his parents from venturing further into the house by meeting them at the front door. He stood stoic as his parents stepped into his house, looking worried beyond belief and confused. His mother removed her shawl and placed it on the coat rack, his father stopped in front of him, trying and failing to read his eldest son’s expression.
“A case, you’re a detective of sorts, yes?” Harold asked, his interest piqued. “John has told me but my memory isn’t as good as it used to be.”
The room was silent for a moment, John looked down at the floor and everyone else was avoiding looking at Sherlock. The consulting detective raised an eyebrow and responded in his best ‘are you an idiot’ voice, “Yes, of course I would.”
“She’s fine” John reassured him, grabbing his hand and attempting to guide the mask back onto his mouth.
Sherlock shook his head, embarrassed and look at the ground. "I thought that I loved someone before but now I know that that wasn't love."
“Thrilling.” Sherlock declared flatly as he picked up the first bowl and spooned at the off-white mush. He made sure only a small amount was on the spoon before offering it to her. Maeve looked at the spoon cautiously before cracking her mouth open slightly. Sherlock moved the spoon forward and then placed it at her lips. She opened wider and accepted the spoonful. After a few seconds, her expression changed.
I wanted to get Molly involved and didn't quite know how to go about it, this seemed like the best way. There is no Sherlolly in this story, i just wanted the friendship to come across.
“She hardly meant to be sick on you.” John reminded him as he plopped down in his seat and positioned Maeve on his lap into a sitting position, his hand on her head and arm supporting her spine. She smiled which John returned apparently liking this position.
His own suit was a simple and elegant black with a glossy finish that was stylish and fitting for the event considering he wore only a burgundy shirt beneath it, open at the collar, no tie. He was sure his mother would have something to say about that but he’d fight that battle when it came. John’s suit was different. What brought the outfit together, Sherlock thought, was the charcoal baby bag that was hooked over his shoulder.
Violet look up at her husband pleadingly. Siger sighed but did as instructed, he attempted to talk to his son. “I was wrong to accuse you of what I did.”
“Stop it,” John turned in his seat to fix his partner with a firm look, “she smiled at Mycroft first but, she smiled at you not an hour later.”
he practically spat the word. “But she chose Stratford-upon-Avon. She chose a one hour and fifty-two-minute journey.”
They were stood at the door of the small room that Sherlock had been ushered in upon arrival, now alone and waiting for John to collect them for the baptism. The elder was watching his brother as he bounced his body in regular and fluid motions to keep Maeve occupied, the latter was sat in her father’s arms, her bum using one as a seat and the other, with one large hand on her torso to keep her from falling forward. She was now clad in her christening dress. A long dress, far too long in Sherlock’s opinion, that tumbled in waves over his arms and drowned her tiny body. The shade was the exact colour of her father’s shirt, a pale pink that looked white and the entire thing was made from lace, except the ribbon at her waist which was silk.
Sally smiled and placed the bag on the desk between the consulting detective and ex-army doctor. “It’s just a little something from us here.”
“There’s no way that she’s going to sit quietly through the meal, is there?” John asked in a hushed tone.
The tension in the flat sat heavy in the air as Mycroft sat with Maeve looking up at his brother and Sherlock breathed deeply, fighting the urge to rip his daughter from his brother’s hands.
“Go away.” Sherlock mumbled and quickly turned onto his side, towards the back of the sofa, brining Maeve with him. She jerked and glanced around the room, but remained calm. A few seconds later she continued to run her hands over his face.
Maeve stirred at the sound of his voice and Sherlock cursed under his breath, he manoeuvred his chair closer to the armchair that he’d set Maeve up on, she tightened her grip on his fingers and her eyes opened into little slits.
“I wasn’t aware of her existence until yesterday evening, her mother kept things rather quiet and now she is in my care.” Sherlock explained, voice coming across softer than normal but John could hear the bite in his tone.
The cottage was idyllic. A beautiful building of yellow tinted stone with ivy climbing up the front wall around the wooden door in the centre, white shutters around all the windows and a table and chair on a small patio.
It meant that he was dodging people the entire time he drifting, seemingly without purpose, around the room. His daughter’s eyes flicked from one sparkling Christmas decoration to the other though she seemed to favour the large crystal chandelier above their heads.
“No, don’t change the subject, your life is far more interesting. Have you thought of any names yet?”
“You have her?” Sherlock asked, well, demanded. Moriarty tutted and the sound of him moving around echoed. The consulting detective took a deep breath and snapped, “Jim!”
“I reckon that you are wasting my time” Sherlock announced. He took a step away from the body and ran his hand over his daughter’s delicate head, fingers lingering against the soft hairs dusting her scalp. The hair was thickening, almost unnoticeably but he could feel the hair growing and ends curling against his fingertips.
“Surprised she’s being so quiet.” John chipped in, stepping around the two taller men and sitting in his chair.
Mrs Hudson bustled in, looked around the room and then settled her gaze on Sherlock and frowned, “really, Sherlock, the mess you’ve made.”
“I wouldn’t call him that, not in his presence. He prefers partners.” Harry raised an eyebrow and he explained. “Boyfriend sounds like adolescent boys, apparently.”
“When did she wake up?” Sherlock called in after him, still observing his daughter for every single detail. He then pulled her back to his chest, cradling her and listening to her gurgles.
He skipped one and dunked her under the water, the same way he’d read about before coming to the pool. He followed her under, sure to keep his eyes open to watch her completely submerged for the first time despite the irritation of chlorine.
John nodded and Sherlock left the room with Maeve, walking down the hallway and towards the bedroom. He closed the door behind him and went about getting her ready for bed, changing her nappy and putting her in a sleepsuit. They laid down on the bed together, her on her back and him on his side facing her. He read her a page of Alice and Wonderland and stopped, remembering the page when she was snoring gently. He placed the book on his bedside table and left her on the bed, with pillows surrounding her like the sides of a cot instead of using the Moses basket. He could place her in that later when she was sound asleep. He turned the monitor on and checked the volume before leaving the room.
When he was done he picked up Maeve and his coat, sending a slightly apologetic look to the cat, and pulled it on, shifting Maeve from one arm to the other. He left his scarf untied around his neck and plucked up the baby bag from the table as he left the room, walking down the stairs.
Sherlock hovered in the doorway while John placed her in the Moses basket. Jade meowed and stood up, she jumped off the bed and sauntered off in the direction of the kitchen.
“They were out, at parties and Hope, was returning from studying late at a friend’s house, she left at eleven.” Sally told him, pausing only to look at files and clarify the information.
Sherlock scoffed loudly and sat down in his armchair, keeping Maeve close to him as he moved. He didn’t answer John, instead he focused on Maeve and talked to her. “Did John get up with you this morning?”
Sherlock scowled at that. “Harold, I realise I have been rather remiss, would you care to hold her?”
“It is mutual.” Mycroft informed them as he scooped her up, she went into his arms eagerly, and mouth open displaying her gums as she all but dived into his neck. He held her with one hand on her back and offered her his other hand. She took it and shoved the offered digits into her mouth, she chewed on them excitedly.
“Robert,” Greg spoke with a loud authoritative yet, soft and caring tone. His brown eyes flicking over the boy in the hospital bed, he swallowed audibly, throat constricting. “We understand that this must be difficult for you but we need to ask you a few questions. We’ll need your help to find the man who did this to you.”
Her blue eyes flicked over his face and she gurgled as he placed her in the same position that Jim had had her, the way he liked to hold her one hand on her bum holding her close as her face pressed into her neck. She inhaled and her breath tickled his skin.
This update took longer than I expected. I would have updated last night if my friend hadn't dragged me to the gym mid-chapter, so you can blame her if you like. Also, I have tons of work to catch up on. But we're getting to some good stuff, so you should have the next update within a fortnight (but most likely before because I just love writing this!).
Maeve babbled on his knee. Her eyes were torn between all the twinkling lights and sparkling Christmas decorations that littered the living room.
“Yes, shhhh now,” he hushed gently, eyes carefully avoiding the two other men. “Daddy has work to do, so be a good girl, be a good girl for daddy.”
John chuckled. He was sure not to be too loud and wake the sleeping baby, she would not be amused if she was woken from her slumber. He pressed back against the consulting detective. “Can’t you deduce it?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to respond but the line cut out. He inhaled a sharp breath, nostrils flaring and broke the unbearable silence by hitting the table with his fist. He turned quickly and hands jerked in the air for a moment, before he steepled them in front of his nose.
Greg had also registered the slip, his eyes widening in shock and mouth parting questioningly. His eyes flicked to Sherlock who merely shrugged his shoulders slightly in response to the silent question and focused more intently on his daughter.
The flat was a mess, or to be specific, the kitchen was a mess. The consulting detective had spent the last two hours cooking and blending different fruit and vegetables and placing them in ice cube trays which were stacked up on the table, ready to be put into the fridge. There were also bowls, small bowls covered with cling film. The kind you buy for kids and use for a few months before getting bored. Sherlock had both blue and pink bowls lined up and in each, a different puree for Maeve to try. Maeve was perched in her high-chair watching as her daddy rushed around the room, placing, even more, pots in the sink and surfaces surrounding it. In her hands was a set of soft plastic toys which she alternated between chewing on and bashing against the clear bit of table within her reach. Her eyes were mostly fixed on her father, seeking his approval for the loudness of her actions.
John snorted and Greg turned his head as they walked, offended by the question. “Believe it or not, we are friends and I like you, I do not like the extra paperwork you put me through.”
Sherlock plucked her up, his hands under her arms, and pulled her towards his chest. “Maybe Papa will get a coffee with us, yes? Would you like that?”
Sherlock either didn’t hear or ignored him. John favoured it was the latter but wandered back downstairs to collect the last bag and the pram while his partner settled on the sofa. He placed Maeve firmly upon his lap in a seated position and retrieved his phone from his pocket, he started tapping away while his daughter looked out at the flat with bright interested eyes.
“She was probably hungry.” Violet scolded them and held her free hand out of the cat. Jade sniffed it and then rubbed against it.
“Why would John call you?” Sherlock’s head tilted thoughtfully. “It’s no secret that he disapproves of you –“
Sherlock glanced back at the baby in his arms, his chest constricting again like it did when he thought about her being abandoned. She was tiny, only two days old and had been left on his doorstep. The thought of her suffering through a difficult birth didn’t help. She was settled now, in his arms.
“Mummy” Sherlock returned. His cloudy eyes scanned the room quickly before settling on his mothers. She was dressed in a simple dress and cardigan, her hair in an elegant twist and eyes bright. Then he noticed some boxes and bags beside the sofa, just out of sight but still visible. “You didn’t have to.”
“That’s better.” Sherlock hummed in agreement and kissed the top of her head. His eyes flicked to John. “Your leg hurts.”
"Hello sweetheart" John greeted her, voice soft and full of affection. He reached out and took her from the consulting detective, lifting her high above his head, she reached for him with small hands.
Sherlock slid out of the car and turned back just as John passed him the car seat that occupied their sleeping daughter. He grabbed the car seat and held it steadily at his side.
He ignored the shocked looks from his parents. They were looking at him like he’d grown another head instead of simply comforting his distressed daughter. Idiots.
Sherlock woke to a tiny fist hitting his chest and soft grunt against his collarbone, he grimaced as Maeve shifted her body against his; foot ghosting over the stitches beneath his clothes. He opened his eyes and found himself alone with his father and Maeve; Siger was sat in the exact place he had been earlier, book resting on his knee and eyes on his son.
“I want nothing more, but, duty calls,” Mycroft sighed and rose to his feet. He looked at Maeve and lowered his voice, “a little bad weather and the country ceases to run smoothly.”
“You’re daddy is crazy, absolutely bonkers.” He told her as he settled her in the correct position on his shoulder, with a muslin protecting his clothes as he rubbed her back to encourage any trapped wind to leave her. Sherlock glared at him in the mirror but he ignored it.
Maeve was in the process of waking, her sleep not deep enough to satisfy her tiny body and her hunger growing. He reached into the basket and scooped her up in a slow fluid movement as not to upset her too much. She fussed in his arms, a small cry escaping her lips as she started to wake up completely.
Claire shrugged. “I don’t know, the surprise would be nice but you’ll probably be able to deduce it from the screen and well, it’s easier if you know.”
When he was finished he let go of the sponge and picked Maeve up out of her seat, careful with the extra wetness to support her body completely. He positioned her in his favourite way, with her pressed against him, head facing his neck and hands sprawled against his wet chest. He picked up the sponge and ran it down her back.
Sherlock himself was encouraging his ever-growing daughter to run the stick down the back of the wooden frog. It produced a croaky sound that didn’t exactly fit the rendition of ‘I’m a little teapot’ that the mothers of the group were putting on alongside the clanging of instruments from babies and excited sounds. Maeve was babbling along, her eyes darting around the room and back to Sherlock, checking that he was there and could see her. When the song ended, the instruments continued to play and those mothers with their hands-free began clapping.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, “I took my daughter out. I was unaware that I required your permission.”
The previously inactive police cars were now alive; sirens blazing a light flashing and more had flocked to the scene. The police officers were no longer standing in a group chatting but scattered across the street which had been cordoned off, questioning witness and combing the area for clues.
It was rhetorical. John didn’t say anything, instead he smiled at Maeve and ran his free hand over her hat covered head. She tried to follow the movement but failed and fell back against his tummy. Her blue eyes flicked to John and his smile widened, seemingly happy Maeve continued to rest completely against him, smiling up and pulling her soft toy with her.
"That's normal?" Sherlock sounded a little unsure, a question instead of his usual confident statements.
Sherlock’s head snapped to him. John was addressing Maeve directly, her blue eyes opening slowly, long dark eyelashes fluttering against her cheeks. She yawned loudly.
Violet was dabbing at Mycroft’s chest, spreading the mess more than anything while the auburn haired man looked to be on his last nerve, face red. “Stop moving.” His mother commanded.
“I never thought children were something you had considered.” Violet poured the tea and placed the cup and saucer on the coffee table that was diagonal across the lounge to accommodate the colourful play mat that was on the right side of the sofa.
“Good.” Sherlock stepped away from the car, leaving the door wide open and allowing the officer to get a good look at the sleeping baby in the carseat.
Sherlock nodded and handed her over, wary of the vomit on her clothes. John took her from the younger man and placed her with her back to his chest and watched as Sherlock retrieves a pack of disinfectant wipes from the bag and wiped down the changing table. When he was finished he placed a clean muslin on it and allowed John to lay her down. She gave an impatient gurgle and Sherlock stripped her methodically, careful not to spread any of the sick onto her skin and when he did – on her leg and around her neck – he wiped it away with smooth quick movements.
“How do we find him?” Dimmock asked, not bothering to reign in his surprise at how the man had figured it all out with a single look at the scene.
He carried the small baby down the stairs and stopped at the bottom. Mrs Hudson opened the door and startled at the sight of him but quickly broke into a smile at the sight of uncle and niece.
Violet nodded and took both items from Siger. He continued. “He’d take her in a heartbeat if he could.”
Maeve was busy playing with a small wooden hammer that she whacked against a small building set. As one block went down another came up and so forth, keeping her attention.
John gave him a look that said 'you're older you should know better' as he wiped his finger clean and threw the dirtied wipe into the nearby bin, then he offered one to Sherlock. He accepted it and dabbed gently at Maeve's face until she was clean, leaving her mouth to last and taking his time to wipe at the small lips until he was satisfied.
The young officer pointed to the right and Sherlock took off running in that direction. John cursed and followed, with Donovan at his side, both were unable to keep up with Sherlock’s long strides. He ran until he reached the end of the road, which split off in four ways; the direction he had come from, straight on and to the left and right. He looked frantically, eyes wild and jumping from person to person. He stopped and clamped his eyes shut, both hands coming to rest on either side of his head. His expression was tight like that of physical pain and his breathing ragged.
“For who?” Greg pursed his lips and didn’t answer. He ignored the pointedly looks he received from the pair of them. Anderson repeated. “For who?”
“Louise Fowler.” Sherlock announced as he rose to his feet and crossed the room to the former mirror, now pin board of his notes and photographs. “The twin of Amanda Fowler, our victim, I found her journal at the boyfriends flat. They’ve been involved for some time.”
Sherlock found himself exceedingly annoyed. The flight was delayed and the airport full with people eager to return home, all seats were being used as beds for children and their families, the shops were closed, all except a few places which sold food and drink. His mother and father were sat on a set of four seats, the two between them empty except for the nappy bag and a blanket, and opposite them were Greg, Mycroft and John, all of which were looking bored.
“Not good enough,” Sherlock growled into the phone, keeping his voice low as not to disturb his sleeping daughter and draw to much attention to himself from the people dotted in the entryway.
"Stop, John" Sherlock spoke a little louder than necessary to get the blonde to stop taking " I believe the saying is...you're digging yourself a hole."
The lift stopped on the correct floor and the receptionist gestured to Sherlock to depart, he did so, striding down the hallway towards his brothers office. “Mycroft, it is crucial that you spend time with her.”
The ring felt heavy on his finger. Yes, he was used to the solid gold band he usually wore on that finger on his right hand but now, the shiny new ring seemed alien. The gold ring had been something of a promise. It belonged to his grandfather and he had passed it down to his father on his eighteenth birthday and so on. An engagement ring sat on his left hand now. The thought alone was exhilarating.
John pulled his legs out from underneath the other man. “You’re such a baby.” He sat up and located his dressing gown on the back of the door. He sighed, his pants were on the other side of the room. “Can you get my pants?”
Sherlock nodded once before leaving in the direction of the living room, John smiled at Siger before following.  Mycroft stepped closer to his father and warned. “Tread carefully.”
They set up on the beach, sat in a small semi-circle with paper wrapped chips. Sherlock was sat with Maeve on his lap, sat up with her back against his chest looking out at the beach, sea, and people littering it. Her blue eyes flew over all the new sight with wild excitement. Sherlock kept her grounded with a large hand on over her stomach and chest, the other he used to pick up single chips and pop them into his mouth.
“Don’t worry.” Sherlock said loudly. “The male prostitutes weren’t anything personal, they were the only way he could sustain an erection without using Viagra. I’m sure she’ll forgive you for the second mortgage. But she won’t for the not having children, it’s made her bitter.”
Her eyes shot open and she released a single high pitched whine in warning. Sherlock hushed her gently and cradled her small skull in his hand, brushing the soft strands of hair until she relaxed. Her eyes flicked up to his face, she sighed, and then looked back down at the pale column of his neck. She yawned.
Violet’s eyes widened but his father just looked vaguely amused. “How dreadfully ironic.” Mycroft commented, he then turned to John. “I do believe my brother has been rude, he’d love to give you a tour.”
“I’m going to get a drink, do you need anything?” John asked, leaning forward to get a better view at the sleeping baby.
Greg was watching his plate as though it were the most interesting thing in the world. He’d barely touched the chicken and vegetables, his foot tapped against the hardwood floor.
“Mycroft said she had a good time with your parents.” John informed him as he pulled on his pyjama bottoms.
“Go away.” Sherlock shouted and Maeve gurgled loudly at the sound, aware that she was not only being ignored but her daddy was close and refusing to pick her up.
Sherlock walked around the side of the bed, discarding the pillow that she was laying on previously and sitting up on the bed beside John, legs crossed as he took Maeve from John. She grumbled during the transfer and continued to cry as Sherlock began rocking her slightly, cradling her to his body. “Shhh, it was only a cat. No need to get upset.”
“Tired.” Sherlock answered. He craned his neck to get a better look at her face, her eyes were drifting shut and mouth slowly parting with her soft breath.
After a few more minutes of splashing and enjoying the cold water. John stepped out of the bath and placed Maeve on the waiting towel, he wrapped her loosely so that she would get too hot and slipped off his wet boxers, replacing them with a towel. Then, he picked up Maeve in her towel and placed her against his chest.
The blonde paused in his action, tea cup hovering near his mouth and blue eyes staring suspiciously at dark haired man. He placed the cup back in the saucer, “you want to leave?”
All eyes were on him the moment he stepped into the lounge, his parents wide with shock from the sofa, Mycroft twisted in John’s chair to see him and his niece enter. Sherlock read the dread and reassurance there, John just beamed the moment he saw them, resting on the edge of Sherlock’s arm chair.
“Shhhh.” Sherlock hushed his daughter, holding her tiny hand in his own. He was lain on his side, arm bent and supporting his head. John frowned in his sleep as he began to wake up.
Sherlock nodded and John mouthed a quick ‘thank you’ at him. The grey haired detective climbed into the car and closed the door, leaving the pair outside with the child.
“Hmm” Sherlock agreed nonchalantly, cradling his daughter to his chest as she started to snooze against him. They walked fast but cautiously, avoiding large groups of people and weaving carefully to avoid bumping into anyone.
John glared at him. Sherlock didn’t notice, or, if he did, he showed no indication. The consulting detective was on the large four-poster bed, lain on his side angled towards his daughter, who he was attempting to get back to sleep. His hand was resting just above her head, finger occasionally stroking the soft skin of her face as her eyelids dropped, eyelashes fluttering in a desperate attempt to stay awake. He lowered his voice.
“The proper term is taken in custody” Sherlock informed him, “They briefly considered that I was involved but thought better of it when they looked at the stab wounds, there was no plausible way I could have done it.”
The scowl told him everything he needed to know. “Nothing,” he took a breath and hissed. “Isn’t it hateful?”
“He was running around after somebody when we last spoke, he didn’t mention a time but he was pretty sure that he had the whole thing wrapped up. You know what he’s like when he has a lead, he’s like a bloodhound.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and stopped in front of him, placing the carseat and bag on the floor. “You are aware that I’d reproduced, yet you seem surprised to me with the result.”
“She doesn’t understand the concept of love,” John snorted and picked up the empty bottle and muslin from the small table beside the chair.
“You’ve been thinking of taking Maeve to the country manor,” Mycroft answered, removing an imaginary piece of lint from his suit.
“Why am I doing this?” The blonde asked, unwrapping Maeve from the towel cocoon she was in and beginning the process of rubbing the lotion onto her pale skin. She made the job more difficult by kicking and flinching the moment he touched her skin. “Sorry, is it cold?”
“Don’t blame your brother, you didn’t tell us,” Violet raised an eyebrow at him. “I take it things went well.”
Mrs Hudson nodded and looked up at the ceiling. Her voice was low as though she was afraid of being heard. “Is he ok??”
“It is not something that I have forced upon him.” The consulting detective snapped, wary of his daughter on the verge of sleep against his shoulder.
Greg nodded. “They’ll be good for her. Sherlock will do experiments with her and John will tell them both of.”
“Well, she’s eighty-eight days old, twelve weeks.” Sherlock told her softly. “We had her christened at the beginning of the month due to my mother’s insistence, her full name is Maeve Alexis Christine Holmes, and she is a very curious being.”
“Do I have a say in this?” A voice asked. John recognised the deep baritone and swivelled in his seat to see Sherlock standing behind him with a mobile phone held out in his hand and baby Maeve attached to his front in a papoose. She was awake but leaning on his chest her eyes open and flicking from his shirt to his face every couple of seconds, like she wanted to make sure he was their despite being attached to him.
"Shouldn't you be saying that to her?" Sherlock asked curiously, gesturing to Maeve as the blonde backed away.
“Say hello to Daddy.” John told her softly, lifting her hand and waving to the consulting detective.
John frowned and listened, there was a quiet knock followed by the front door opening and Mrs Hudson beaming at the elder Holmes and detective inspector. John smirked and walked into the kitchen, pleased that he could still be surprised by the small deductions that Sherlock made in everyday life.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, he felt John come round beside him and smile at Maeve. “Yes, time. For me and my daughter. We need to bond, it’s a crucial part of her development and I’ve already missed precious time. I and John need to adjust and get everything ready for her.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and Greg rolled his eyes. John smiled but argued, “Thanks, but I’ll do it.”
Maeve was in Mycroft’s lap, sitting with her back to his chest and her eyes now firmly on her father.
The sleeping infant was dressed in a pale pink dress with a pink and grey skirt, matching pants over her nappy and a thin hat.
Sherlock stopped, pausing on the path and rounded on his brother. He narrowed his eyes critically, “You’re testing me, why? I’ve already proved myself to be a capable candidate for Maeve’s care and am developing as a father.”
“He’s going to miss his little girl.” Greg voiced, pushing himself to his feet and coming to stand in front of his partner. Mycroft hummed and looked down at the baby in his arms, she did look like her father. He was struck with the image of Sherlock as a child, the moment his parents had first brought him home wearing a white sleepsuit, small strands of black hair sticking up. She was the same, cream coat over the top of a purple outfit.
“I have included additional security to the property to make sure no other incidents like this occur,” he explained.
Sherlock stopped short in the doorway at the sight of his brother. The auburn haired man was stood next to the window, looking out at the rain and swaying softly from side to side as Maeve drifted to sleep in his arms. He frowned at the sight and crossed his arms over his chest. “I thought that you had a meeting.”
“Yes.” Mycroft answered with no doubt in his voice. His brother wanted Maeve from the onset, he could see it and Sherlock knew that.
“Two women strangled within the last five months.” Greg spoke in a hushed tone. “The third was just found and we thought you might like to take a look at the scene now we’re officially investigating a serial killer.”
It was a ridiculous notion that he would mind if John decided to share his bed. John snorted, he shouldn’t have expected anything different, and if Sherlock had a problem with something he wasn’t subtle about it. “She ok?”
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed in confusion. “I am quite aware, she was checked out at the hospital after Sherlock found her.”
“Be serious Sherlock.” Siger snapped, losing his patience with his younger son. Not that he had much tolerance for him anyway. John looked wary. “You just stormed in to inform us we had a grandchild and left.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, exchanging a glance with Greg who seemed fazed but used to the action by now. “Really Sherlock?” He taunted his younger brother knowing Sherlock would have seen him notice the unconscious movement of his arms around the baby.
The priest concluded the ceremony, “Maeve, from this day onward, no matter how dark the world may seem nor how alone and lost you may feel, you shall never be alone again, never without hope of assurance of final victory. You are a citizen of the Kingdom of God and body of believers of Christendom, in this world and in heaven. Our true Lord God shall always be with you; the love of Our Lord Jesus Christ shall always be your salvation through grace in faith, the Holy Spirit shall always minister to your heart and mind; and the multitude of God’s angels encompass you.” at that both Sherlock and Mycroft choked our a quiet laugh and exchanged an amused glance, the priest either ignored them or just didn’t heart them, “The light of God’s Truth surrounds you, the love of God encompasses you, the power of God protects you, the presence of God watched over you and wherever you are God is always with you. So it is and so it shall always be. Amen. Maeve, we bless you and you fill us with joy. God loves you and so do we.”
“John,” the older man greeted with a small smile. He stepped further into the room and place his niece on the matt in the centre on her belly, she immediately looked up and began to access her surroundings. He quickly turned on his heels and shut the baby gate fixed in the doorway. There were now gates in both of the doors leading into the flat and upstairs effectively putting the flat on lockdown for the soon to be moving infant.
“I’ll take my leave” Mycroft pushed himself elegantly to his feet. “Gregory and I will be back later, I’ll bring dinner.”
Sherlock stood up and left the room, looking back at his daughter and the ex-army doctor before leaving.
The doctor’s eyes scanned over his injuries, from the split lip and bruised cheek to the less obvious one beneath his close. His eyes flicked back to his face. “Are you in any pain?”
Sherlock reached out, accepting her small body and brought her close to him. He held her in his large palm, her side pressing against his torso and looked down at her, affectionately.
Sherlock sighed but did as he was told, better to avoid the headache of an argument. She reappeared with her camera and thrust her phone at Siger with the unspoken request, ‘take pictures’.
Sherlock hummed and retrieved a container of crispy shredded spicy beef, he opened it, grabbed a piece using his chopsticks with practised ease and popped it into his mouth. His eyes were back on Maeve, expression soft as he watched her intently.
“Fine.” He called back, pulling his knees back slightly to allow himself more room as he dragged the soft sponge over her delicate skin.
John picked up the clean muslin from the arm of his chair and held it out to the taller man. Sherlock took it from him and wiped her face methodically, removing all traces of tears, snot and drool. When he was satisfied he sat down, leaving the muslin on his leg which he bounced impatiently as he settled Maeve into a slightly more comfortable position so that he could hold her with one arm. He placed the other on the arm of his chair and looked at Victor expectantly, “and?”
His mother was still doting on the baby watching as her eyelids fluttered closed against her wish to stay awake. Maeve’s hand jerked against his chest as her breath evened out and she drooled on his chest. “Do you have everything you need?” His father asked.
John returned from the kitchen a few minutes later with two cups of tea and a bottle of milk with a muslin around it. He placed all three on the coffee table.
Except Mycroft but Sherlock didn’t stop until he was at the back door. He unlocked it and stepped outside. The cool air hit him like a brick wall. The first inhale was painful, the cold air filling his lungs as it caressed his body. It could have been colder though, he supposed. The snow was settled now. His parent’s garden was completely white. It would have been magical if not for the noise in his head.
He raised his hand and brought it towards her, Maeve raised her own hand and he took it within his palm shaking it as one might with a businessman on closing a deal. He stepped back and shed his coat. Mycroft raised a spoon to her mouth, this time she accepted the food and chewed on the mushed food as though it were a whole carrot. The hard lines that seemed to stain Mycroft’s face nowadays softened slightly leaving slight wrinkles on the skin, like those in books when pages were folded for too long.
“You have a point,” John conceded, turning onto his back. Sherlock followed and wrapped his limbs around the shorter man like an octopus. “Tomorrow: back to London.”
"No," the blonde managed a weak smile, "you're right, seeing her makes me wonder when I'll have children and I know that it's perfectly natural."
The curly haired man was bored out of his mind despite finishing a case not two hours previous. It was long enough to keep him occupied for the majority of the day but not long enough that he would binge on Chinese takeaway and crash afterwards.
Mycroft stepped into the warm flat. John was sat at his desk wearing a grey cardigan over his blue shirt, he looked up and smiled with a mouth full of homemade biscuits.
Violet nodded. Maeve squirmed against his chest, still in the midst of waking up and fighting against it. She released a high distressed whine to which John chuckled, Mycroft raised an eyebrow and his parents looked surprised. Sherlock angled his head to get a better view at his daughter. Her blue eyes opened and then closed, the natural light too bright for her. Sherlock jiggled her slightly. She blinked herself awake, wary of the light and confused by the strange settings.
Maeve opened her mouth as though she was going to speak but closed it again, and John scooped her up.
He was on the floor with Maeve that evening, the smaller Holmes lain on her front on her tummy time mat, arms stretched out ahead of her and her father mirroring the position, with his head resting on his hands. He watched her in awe, not caring that he was in the middle of the floor while John was busy tidying up around him.
“Yes, you tend to choose romance over fact through your prose is admirable and the attention to detail is there in some moments of clarity. Give them the facts, nothing more or less. They’ll stop asking and you can write about whatever mystery you chose with your eponymous hero.”
“Do you think Uncle Greg will let us work the case?” Sherlock asked Maeve, tone instantly softening.
They were saved by the arrival of Mrs Hudson with a tea tray, she bustled in with a smile, “just this once mind you.”
The doctor frowned, offended, feeling like he didn’t matter. Sherlock realised his mistake and put his tea cup down, he stood up and darted to John’s side. Hand brushing over Maeve’s hair instinctively. “I…Th-That didn’t come out right.” He cleared his throat quickly. “You don’t count but you do.”
Jim held up the memory stick to the sniper. He hesitated but took it, tucking it into his jeans pocket.
“Stop fussing or I swear, I will re-admit myself back into hospital,” Sherlock warned, eyes following his Mother as she cleaned the already pristine room of (what she considered to be) clutter, in this case consisting of: a changing mat and changing bag, clothes, bottles, muslins, soft toys, blankets, a bouncy chair, a maternity pillow and a pile of books. She ignored her son in favour of tidying the room around him; he was laid across the plum chesterfield sofa in the lounge room with his head propped against the arm on a pillow and his feet hanging off the opposite end.
Howard could still be reasoned with and he needed to get the upper hand quick before Maeve was put in more danger than she was already in.
He stepped aside and lent against a wall to avoid the throng of moving bodies. They passed with tired smiles.
Sherlock picked her up and placed her with her back against his chest, leaning back slightly and cupped water in his hands. He used the other hand to shield her eyes and poured the water over her hair. She jerked slightly and looked up at Mycroft pleadingly.
“Yes, really. Now let’s get on with this. The longer we’re here the longer Mycroft will taunt me with it.”
“That’s not necessarily a bad thing.” John reminded him, taking a moment to pry the toy away from her mouth only to release it and for her to throw it aside.
There was no thank you. There was no need this time. Mycroft just put on his jacket, picked up his umbrella and left, with a small smile to his brother, a farewell to John and kiss to his niece’s forehead.
“You look lovely,” Sherlock told her and lent down to place a kiss on his cheek before ducking past and heading upstairs in a fluid movement. He took the steps two at a time and paused in front of the door of John’s old bedroom, where the blonde was currently changing but no longer slept in, it was merely occupied by all of his stuff (not that there was a lot of it). He pushed the ajar door and peaked in.
Sherlock huffed a breath as he pulled Maeve from his shoulder, taking the muslin from beneath her head before replacing her. He changed the subject, Greg noticed but didn’t comment. “He used one of his girlfriend’s scarves, traces were found beneath his finger nails and there will be burns on his palms from the material.”
“So, you’ve sent her to me.” Sherlock crinkled the butterfly toys wings with his hand. Maeve squealed with excitement and pulled the toy close to her chest and she fidgeted in excitement.
“Oh, making jokes now, are we?” Greg couldn’t hold back a smile. It quickly dropped into a frown. “Wait, why are we here then?”
"Maeve doesn't think so" John told him as he picked up the squirming baby from her pram and brought her close to his chest.
John retreated to bed not long after, leaving Sherlock alone with his daughter for the first time since he discovered her on the steps of 221B. He’d placed her on the sofa with pillows boxing her in on either side, her small steady breaths the only sound apart from the turning of pages, he raced through a parenting book intended for expectant mothers and began extensive research into the topic, newborn babies.
Violet nodded. Sherlock mirrored with a single nod, bent down to look at his sleeping daughter and press a single kiss to her forehead, he lingered for a brief moment inhaling her scent before turning and walking down the steps. Violet looked down at the sleeping baby and released a happy breath, she manoeuvred the pram inside and wheeled it towards the drawing room where the table was already set for afternoon tea.
Sherlock pushed the pram along the seafront with ease. John and Silvia were two steps behind him, immersed in conversation about the neighbours or something just as trivial. Harold walked beside him, eyes flicking from the pavement to the pram every few seconds.
After feeding, burping and changing his niece, Mycroft Holmes found himself lain on his front beside Maeve. She was on her stomach on a colourful mat with a cushioned head rest, she was holding her head up but Mycroft could see the strain in her neck as her fingers caressed the bright material. Mycroft caught the delicate face of his niece before it landed on the cushion, overly protective.
Sherlock Holmes absentmindedly rubbed his daughter’s back in a figure of eight pattern, the other hand was on her bum, supporting her against his chest as she snored softly, breath caressing his collar bone through the gap in his shirt. There was a blanket over her body, small and light, and she wore a white dress and knickers with a small bird print.
He changed her and re-dressed her before pulling her back against his chest. The crying faded out and her lip quivered against the skin of his neck, tears wetting her cheeks. “A beautiful girl like you shouldn’t cry.” He told her. “Because I will always be here, Daddy will always be here. I’m here.” He jiggled and didn’t stop until she’d settled down. Feeding time.
They followed a crowd of people into a line that ran past his mother and father, and other members of the board that organised these events. Sherlock bit back his annoyance at the situation and allowed his eyes to wander over the ballroom, he could see his mother’s hand in the decoration. It was elegant, tasteful and completely understated, much like the woman herself. The entire room, bar the floor and painting on the stage were shrouded in cream fabric with pale shimmering grey accents and slivers of silver. The only colours were from the flowers in the centre of the tables at the side of the room and stood on pillars at the corners of the dance floor. They were white and purple with dull green leaves. His mother was currently in the centre of the room wearing a pale silver dress made from silk and lace. Her hair, which matched the dress’s colour perfectly, was pulled into an elegant twist fastened with a crescent-shaped silver clip with an amethyst pendant that dangled just below her hair. There were two strands of hair on either side of her face which were curled tightly. His father wore a suit two shades darker than her dress with a tie that matched his wives outfit perfectly. The tie clip, which was wonky, had a stone the same colour as her hair clip.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and explained as concisely as possible. “Everything you need is in the bag. She’s fussy today, she woke up at five and refused to go back to sleep. She’s only been down an hour but will be hungry soon, don’t be surprised if she doesn’t want to wake up to eat but she’s due a feed in about half an hour. If she’s fussing too much then offer her your hand or let her explore you, she likes that. She’ll need to have tummy time soon. There are spare clothes in the bag, she likes the bee toy and hold her close, and she likes to feel secure. I’m not sure when I’ll be back, Mycroft is going to pick her up and bring her home later.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes, “she is too much like Sherlock to sleep when there is something important happening.”
She heard them before she saw them. Sherlock striding from the building with John and Greg behind him, still talking about the crime scene.
“He was meticulous and fast,” Sherlock rose to his full height and turned to face the grey haired man. “He brought the body in and left him, Robert didn’t move, obvious from the blood on the floor. The person that found him…”
John stopped beside the tall Christmas tree. It was large and decorated with large red and gold ball balls, the lights flickered despite the hour. It was light out and in true London fashion, the streets were heaving. Christmas was the busiest time of year in the capital. The masses of people were in a rush to do their Christmas shopping, it was quite last minute with only seven days left to the big day.
“You’ll break your bloody neck.” John said from his position on the bed. He was sat with his back against the headboard, arms resting behind his head and Maeve using him as a support cushion to sit up. Her eyes on Sherlock.
“Aren’t you going to go with him?” Greg asked. A few hours ago the detective was unable to let the infant out of his sight.
"I just wanted to say that I'm proud of you," John informed him, nervously, like he wasn't sure of what he was saying anymore.
There was something unnerving about the sheer amount of Holmes’ in such a small space. Though, the space was hardly small in John’s experience, the house was larger than he was used to. Violet and Siger went all out with the decorations most of which were white and silver. There was something in each room and John counted at least three trees already: one in the study, the living room and the dining room. There was probably more. He’d have to count before he left or ask somebody at least. Sherlock would know.
Sherlock kissed the top of her head and placed his hand, along with the small green bath bomb, in the water. It hissed the moment it touched the water and he withdrew his palm so that they could watch it fizz and turn in the water, the green colour oozing into the once clear water. This lasted for about a minute. The fizzing stopped and Maeve splashed around in the water. He smiled, “yes, it’s very pretty.”
Mycroft snorted. Siger came to stand beside his wife, looking down at the baby with wonder and curiosity. Sherlock visibly stiffened and John smiled at him reassuringly. A bang from the kitchen broke the moment, Violet looked towards the kitchen as did everyone else. Maeve jumped in his mother’s arms and instantly began screaming.
“Don’t tell Mycroft, he’ll get jealous.” Sherlock muttered and placed the sleeping baby in her seat.
“No, I didn’t expect you would. She’s a baby after all. I just wanted you to know that your mother appreciates you coming.”
The reception startled and almost dropped the phone, jaw dropping. She cleared her throat and looked at the desk as she dialled trying and failing to look professional as her cheeks went red, after a moment she spoke, her voice far less confident than before. “Doctor Watson, there’s a mister Holmes here to see you…yes, I’ll send him right through.”
Chloe sighed but walked back to her seat. Greg placed a plate with a slice of chocolate cake in front of her.
“My mother is caring and compassionate, she sees past all my faults. She is kind, trusting and loving. This is everything that I grew to hate as I grew up, my mind worked too fast, it was too much from an early age and my attention span…well, I like things to be fast and explored. My father strict, firm and short-tempered, we have never seen eye to eye. They care deeply about reputation. This made our relationship worsen when I began on my…downward spiral.”
“Do you remember the make or model, colour?” Sally asked, she was already noting down everything that he said.
"I don't mind at all," John assured her, shedding his cardigan so that he was left in only his jeans and a light checked shirt. He glanced around the quiet flat, and asked her "where is Sherlock?"
There was a woman. Blonde, tall with tanned skinned and a French accent. She was visiting her parents in London and he met her at a bar, after a fight with John. It had only happened the once but apparently that was enough, going by the baby bundled in his arms.
“John” a voice called out from the kitchen. Well, that answered that question. The consulting detective poked his head around the corner to look at him, black curls sleep mussed and missing his pyjama top.
Twenty-three minutes later found the consulting detective and blogger sat on the floor of the living room with their backs against their chairs and Maeve between them, sat down with her legs slightly crossed. They were all still in their pyjamas. Sherlock was wearing the deep red silk bottoms and dressing gown he tended to favour at this time of the year with a charcoal grey top, inside out as per usual. John’s pyjamas were a red tartan which he wore with a thin jumper of the same colour and Maeve wore a set that John had bought her, it consisted of white and grey striped bottom with a white long sleeve top decorated with snowflakes.
“It’s an important milestone.” Sherlock sniffed and placed the spoon back into the small pale yellow, plastic bowl. The spoon was small, soft and made of a similar colour yellow plastic.
Sherlock glanced up at her, moving his face as much as he could allow with his daughter continuously rubbing at the skin. “Thinking.”
Jim Moriarty was stood in the centre of the room with his back towards them. The midnight blue material of his suit shimmering in the light that filtered through the dirty, cracked glass above them. His black hair was immaculate and he was humming softly the tune to London bridge is falling down, as though to himself.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at that. It was true. “I suppose that is correct but the fact remains, it is my child.”
“Fine.” Sherlock lifted her up into a sitting position, a hand behind her head to support her. Her black hair was no longer or thicker than it had been when she was born, but it was now starting to curl at the ends. Her eyes were still blue, beginning to settle but Sherlock had noticed a slight change behind them. There was a hint of green appearing quite like his own and he could have sworn that he saw a golden fleck. He couldn’t be sure though, her eyes would still be changing over the next week or so. “I believe we are just about ready.”
“Wrong. Your top priority has always been us, your family. You may hide it but anybody that knows you the least bit knows that.” Sherlock shut the book.
“I didn’t expect to see you.” Greg admitted, glancing over the other cops as they went back to their duties.
John pulled the consulting detective into an embrace. He stood rigid for a moment before relaxing into the touch. “It’s ok. We’ll work the case and be back for her before you know it.”
“And you’re sure that’s everything?” Greg asked, placing the written statement on the desk and fixing Sherlock with a stern look.
Idiot. Detective Inspector Dimmock had called him in for a few cases since ‘aiding’ him with The Blind Banker case, as John had titled it on his blog, and he seemed adept at calling Sherlock for relatively interesting cases.
John plucked one of three gels from the table and extended his hand to Sherlock. The consulting detective eyed him pointedly. John cleared his throat, “well…”
Sherlock nodded and slipped the dressing gown from his shoulder, letting the silk material pool at his feet. He glanced at Maeve one more before slipping into bed, the side closest to his daughter, beside the army doctor. He was on his back, looking up at the ceiling. “My mother wants to have lunch.”
Mycroft inhaled deeply, looking up again, his eyes finding Anthea almost instantly. She was stood to the side of the room, where a large hallway lead into the heart of the hospital, leading off in all directions and different departments. She looked out of place in the hospital, her black skirt suit and deep blue shirt standing out against the bright, light colours of the hospital walls and floors. She was on her phone but looked up at her boss, sensing his presence, and was immediately at attention, pushing herself off of the wall and meeting him in the middle of the hallway.
When John woke he knew it wasn’t yet morning. His body ached and his mind protested as he opened his eyes. It was still dark. He reached out gently (in case Maeve was still in bed with them) but was met with cold bed sheet, he reached further and there was still no reassuring warmth. He blinked rapidly and allowed his eyes to adjust to the darkness in the room. After a moment he made out a Sherlock sized shape at the window and sat up. It was definitely Sherlock.
There was an untouched glass of champagne in Mycroft’s hand and the simple but beautiful ring on his finger shone against the glass.
“If I agree, will you guarantee that I will not have to attend a single church service?” Sherlock spoke up, turning to face his mother and narrowing his eyes at her critically.
Maeve grunted in what he assumed was confirmation and he continued with a roll of his eyes, looking down at the infant with fondness despite himself, “How does your Daddy do it?”
John stepped aside to allow Sherlock access to the flat and followed the taller man into the living room, he stopped for a moment to place the baby bag beside the sofa and took a seat on the sofa, Greg and Mycroft in the armchairs watched him intently.
He stood up and walked towards his bedroom. The door was slightly ajar and the room dark except for the small nightlight that he’d purchased for Maeve, it projected the stairs onto the walls and ceilings in a light blue light. John was asleep, lain on his back with one arm over his chest and the other around the long pillow he’d purchased much like someone would hug a partner. The pillow was in an arrow shape and inside was his daughter sleeping soundly, her breath coming out evenly with tiny snores escaping her. She was now in a simple white baby grow with a blanket covering her, the pillow making sure she did not move in her sleep or hurt herself.
“Are you ready to order?” Angelo asked as he returned, eyes immediately falling to Maeve and expression softening. “Sherlock, this little lady is the spitting image of you.”
Sherlock picked at his meal, occasionally forking a piece of meat or a carrot but his attention was focused on the ex-army doctor and his daughter.
“Sherlock” his mother scolded, swatting at his arm as she reached to pick up a round soft bee toy that had somehow found its way under the coffee table. Sherlock caught sight of the toy in his mother’s hand and reached towards her with his free arm, missing the toy but the intention clear. She sighed and handed it to him, “you’re such a child.”
Sherlock allowed his eyes to flick over the many tired travellers, set up on the seats for the night, waiting for their flights. He was on his second lap when a flight to the coast of Greece was announced. A flood of people leapt to their feet, grabbed their bags and moved towards the gate. Sherlock moved his hand up to Maeve’s head and held her close, his large hand covering her ear. She frowned but didn’t wake.
Siger remained behind the sofa, he cleared his throat and suggested. “Why don’t you take her upstairs?”
Sherlock watched John climb out of the car. The ex-army doctor moved to the back of the car, opened the door and lent across the seat to unstrap Maeve’s carseat. She stirred but did not wake. Sherlock climbed out of the car and retrieved the keys from his pocket as John scooped up Maeve and placed her against his chest, face tilted towards his neck. Her nose scrunched up and she squirmed against him.
Sherlock winced and informed her, “the christening is a disruption in her usual routine, by sleeping now, there is hope that she will be awake and happy for the ceremony.” He spat the last word in disgust.
"With some conditions bruising is a tell-tale symptom" he informed him, looking up at the taller man for a brief second before continuing to look over Maeve, "I wasn't checking for signs of abuse."
Sherlock grunted in answer and allowed John to unhook the sling as he supported the baby, pulling the fabric away and placing it in the buggy. Sherlock shifted Maeve into a more comfortable position resting against his neck with his large hand supporting her fragile body as she huffed, attempting to fall back to sleep. He looked up, both his parents were watching him intently and a waitress had appeared. “Tea.” Sherlock ordered, ignoring them all.
“You could come over sometime.” Sherlock suggested, feeling out of his depth. Molly nodded. “To see Maeve, visit.”
The blood streaks behind her hands and feet suggested she was struggling and the drips that she was alive when they nailed her to the wall with thick iron pegs. There was no possible way that one man could have lifted this woman and nail her to the wall while she was still alive. It wasn’t possible, even if he had drugged her it would have taken some time. “John, your medical opinion.”
They stumbled through the door, both getting caught in the frame before squeezing through and stepping into the flat. Sherlock sighed rather dramatically and lifted the car seat onto the coffee table – which had been cleaned in his absence along with the rest of the flat, excluding his bedroom, the door was closed – and John dropped the bags onto the floor. He rubbed a hand over his forehead and through his hair.
Jim stopped humming and turned to face them. Maeve was pressed lengthways against his chest. Her face was tucked into his neck and he held her with one hand on her bum, the other resting beside her body, she clutched it, holding two of his fingers in her small fists. She was breathing softly. Jim looked up from her and towards the Holmes brothers, his dark eyes soft but not yielding, never yielding.
She whined, the sound high and quite loud for her. Sherlock’s eyes widened in surprise. She didn’t like being woken up much, they had that in common. New-born babies were only awake 10% of the time. He kept up with the movement of his finger on his face.
John angled himself so he could see Maeve’s face, she was defiantly awake and her mouth open, threatening to smile like she had been doing the past few days. “I took a picture.”
