It hadn’t been updated for a long time and hadn’t had many hits, but its author claimed to be able to identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb. It also contained a detailed analysis of 243 types of tobacco ash, but John skipped it and went straight to the author’s name.
Aziraphale burst out laughing, “That was amazing!”
“Excellent!” John could tell the inspector was impressed.
“Sugared tea, please, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock addressed his landlady who had followed his visitor into the room, “and biscuits if you may. And quickly!” She ran for it, hip forgotten.
“That was brilliant, amazing…”
“It does seem rather ironic,” Aziraphale observed, “especially as it was your lot that invented them.”
Lestrade ignored the insult to his team, and turned to the uniformed officer who walking towards them, still on a call.
Lestrade hurriedly put his phone away as John returned from the bar, in order to give him his full attention, and waited for John to speak first.
Above the newspaper, the man smiled and seemed to catch John’s eye despite the sunglasses. John turned away quickly, blushing, embarrassed at being caught staring, but then he couldn’t help checking again, which left John certain that the man was deliberately staring at him.
So by the time Sherlock pulled the Aston out of the mews at the back of Baker Street heading for the A 501 the clock of St Cyprian’s was striking midnight.
“But how did they get me into the cave, at night, in the dark?” John asked eventually.
Nearly there...
“What does it say?” John said impatiently.
“Don’t get in a snit with me. Think about it. His husband had just died in front of him!”
John emerged from the en suite towelling his hair, “pity you can’t rustle up a suitcase, I wouldn’t mind a bathrobe like this.”
“It’s an investment John… I can’t spend all of Frank’s money on flash cars.”
However, both his flatmates seemed determined not to let him relax. Sherlock for some reason had been oscillating between his chair and the couch for the best part of an hour and frankly it was making John giddy. He was just about to say something sharp to Sherlock about making his mind up when the mild chuntering that had been emanating from the baby monitor turned into full blown wailing.
Murray starts to protest but John silences him.
“Yes, but you must agree we do not have a lot in common.”
The demon smirked and opened his mouth to speak again but Aziraphale didn’t give him the chance.
"Do you open the boys' letters?"
Mr Fell arrived promptly at half past eight, and had a cab waiting. Sherlock slid into the back seat next to his client and the car took off, like a rocket. The taxi was certainly nothing like any cab he had ever been driven in, a low-slung vintage model.
“Yes, that has puzzled me, plenty of letters will fit L, P and W for starters but none of them make sense.”
In a former bookshop in Soho
On John’s return he went about finishing making the tea that Sherlock had forgotten which made Sherlock want to scream. But finally no more prevarication was possible; the two men went into John’s lounge and sat down.
John did so without question. In the darkness he could still make out the shadow of his friend. Ethereal and insubstantial. Just as John was about to say to Sherlock again that it was all fine, his friend started speaking.
John examined the two typing on the two pieces of paper, as Sherlock continued.
John wasn’t particularly keen on bats, but he seemed to remember something about bats in caves, not to drink water where bats lived, but there was something else. That bats left their caves at night. He rubbed his chin again; he was pretty certain that it was night, but not entirely sure.
The two men followed Mrs Hudson back into her kitchen.
The soldier ventured further into the cabin, acknowledging Sherlock with a nod. He gave the man a quick appraising look, then glanced back at Sherlock before turning to address the client.
“A joke you say, perhaps you would care to confess to it when Mary returns… I thought not. It isn’t so funny when your dupe has someone to stand up for her.”
Sherlock has but doesn’t say so “Make yourself at home, stay the night if you like. There’s food and a bottle of white in the fridge, take what you need and I’ll be there as soon as possible. Miss you”.
******
“End of September,” Danny answered, “same as my mum.”
The silence that followed was disturbed by the entrance of one of the SOCOs. “What is it Jenkins?” the inspector asked.
“Might he have a phone unbeknown to you or his housemaster?”
“Caves?” Sherlock was aware that he had heard caves mentioned before but for the moment the context eluded him.
The next morning Sherlock’s mood had not improved and he was glad when John and Rosie left for the day. He had to admit the whole situation with John had unsettled him; he had no wish to see his friend so troubled. Before he could explore them further, his thoughts were interrupted by something more tangible; Molly called from the morgue to say the body from the house in Camberwell was ready for inspection.
Today, being a Friday, was non-working day but John was already up, washed and dressed and sat at the table with Rosie as he cut her toast into soldiers when Mrs Hudson gave her customary call. There was no sign of Sherlock, the couch was empty, but his coat was still hanging in the hall.
“We could steal the keys; they’re in a pot on the mantelpiece.”
Sherlock looked at the inspector suspiciously, “You seem very certain, what makes you so sure?”
Mr King looked at the Inspector for permission, who granted it with a nod, “If it helps to discover what happened to Master Richard I would take it to the ends of the earth.”
Sherlock had persuaded DI Somersby to allow him to visit the scene of the crime, and to talk to Matthew Crowder, the gamekeeper and also to his son and daughter who had given evidence at the inquest, and who were conveniently off school due to the snow. John went with them, glad to get out of the icy rooms of the hotel, the warmth of the police land rover was very welcome indeed.
“Serbia?”
“Isn’t it rather late in the day, with the soldier being engaged and all that?” Crowley asked, trying to sound interested for his friend’s sake.
“A promise is a promise.”
But that would mean the message started with a two letter word beginning with P. “Pa, Pe, Pi, Po,” Sherlock muttered to himself, sounding even to his own ears faintly ridiculous. The three letter word couldn’t be Pat; he went back to his original conclusion that the figure must represent an E.
“Well, she’s in a taxi.  Do you honestly think you will see her and your money again?”
“Arthur?” John asked.
“Ferdie, Ferdinand Gautier, he was the technical assistant, but he knew the act well and had gone on for me in the past.”
“Is it a case?”
“To call you my own, Sherlock Holmes, my darling, my beloved”
“Who?” John replied, half speech, half yawn.
Sherlock starts to argue, the circular argument that he and the policeman have been caught in all week. Lestrade’s immutable.
“Sherlock, say something”
“Not exactly.” Sherlock was cagey, but seeing that John’s interest was now piqued, realised he wasn’t going to away with stalling, “I merely advised the receptionist that the management were presently unaware that he spent his night shifts watching porn on the internet and that if he could see his way possible to furnishing me with a key card for the best double room available I would ensure that they remained that way. The fact that the only double room available was the ‘honeymoon suite’ was incidental.”
“I thought I might engage Mycroft to make the essential arrangements regarding licences and the like.”
“Git!”
Sherlock set the alarm on phone for 3.15pm to remind him to collect Rosie (not that he would ever forget) and booted up his laptop. Lestrade had promised to send him over the photographs of the Camberwell corpse and he was anxious to see if he could identify the similarities himself. The day passed in earnest research interspersed with lengthy texts to Scotland Yard. Around one thirty Lestrade popped by with Donavan and Sherlock reeled off his deductions so far, then the two police officers departed for the house in Camberwell. Sherlock watched them go with a touch of regret, but it was ten to three and he had a promise to keep.
“Yes?”
Sherlock was relieved to find his deductions were back to the basis of observational data with no random reference to foreign war zones.
Sherlock thought the mother’s conclusion was undoubtedly the correct one, but the daughter was in no mind to accept it. “If this all happened in London,” he asked, “what brought you to Wilvercombe? Surely it would make more sense to seek your fiancé at his home, or place of work in the city?”
“I’ll stop now because all this soul searching stuff is exhausting, but one final thing, if you delete everything else, just remember this. There would never have been a John and Mary if you hadn’t jumped, Sherlock, it would always have been the two of us”
“Miss Sutherland’s employer, Hermione Etherege, the romantic novelist,” John replied, the scheme becoming clearer in his head.
“I thought it might have put you off.”
Some people would call this growing up the hard way or a sign of gettng old. Some people call this wisdom, but Sherlock only knows he curses the day he ever took the case of the Black Pearl of the Borgias.
Mr King was certain that he had smelt nitro-glycerine in the hall, as well as the study. The window had been shut and fastened both Mr and Mrs King were positive about that. Mr King had dialled 999 while Mrs King had tried to help Patrick. They were both stunned by the night’s events, so far as they knew there had never been any quarrel between the couple. They had considered Richard and Patrick to be very much in love.
“In Brussels,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock Holmes sat back in the cab as it swung round the corner into Baker Street, a satisfied smile on his lips and the air of a consulting detective with a case well solved. The murder enquiry that Hopkins had brought him in on had really been quite intriguing with the deceased (minus his head, several ribs and various other appendages most notably the right forearm) left at the scene of the crime while the remainder was scattered to the four corners of the city. Like an anatomical jigsaw puzzle, Sherlock had pieced together the corpse, ultimately identifying the perpetrator when a big toe turned up at a bootmaker’s in Chigwell.
At Baker Street, Mrs Hudson is delighted to see them and tests the waters.
John took over “To Greg and Dinah! Long life and happiness.”
(It might be supposed that angels, particularly fallen ones do not sleep – this was not true in the case of Crowley who enjoyed sleep immensely. He had in fact passed almost the entire nineteenth century asleep, apart for a brief time in 1832 when he got up to use the lavatory.)
Sherlock looked away, when he had been out to impress John with his insight, he had managed to keep the uneasy feeling about Afghanistan at bay, but now it was back. “I can’t tell you, not that I don’t want to, I just…”
“A change of heart. Angel, you have been running this bookshop since the 1790s, it’s your life.”
A big shout out once again to MissDavis for another grand set of prompts. I admit when I first looked at them a month ago I thought I couldn't get anything from them... 25,000 words later...
“They are for later, John.”
“You shouldn’t have come here” he had wanted to shout, meaning you should have come alone. Perhaps it was for the best, no recriminations, no histrionics, no home truths, your wife wanted me dead and in a roundabout fashion she’s got her way.
Sherlock wants to dig up a hundred and twenty year old grave, and at the moment it looks like Sherlock is winning.
"I fear not."
Mycroft sighed, although he was glad to see his brother home, and relatively unscathed after his adventures it did not take long for the fraternal affection to wear thin. “You know, it is just possible that you won’t be welcome.”
Sherlock joined him and together they mulled over the symbols, “No, I am sure the H is correct but it could be Garvey.”
“It won’t settle.” John said optimistically, watching the flakes dissolve as they landed on the wet road.
“I am afraid that won’t be possible, Mrs Hudson, John is require to accompany me to Scotland Yard on urgent business.”
“And singing, and that periodically the actors will do both at the same time. I know you, within ten minutes your ears will start to bleed, and you’ll be begging it to stop.”
“You had your reasons, you were after all, engaged to another.”
Sherlock gave a full resumé of his plan of action, finishing with, “and I’ll need access to finances, one of those MI5 credit cards will do.”
Exhausted by events both planned and unplanned, John and Sherlock make an early night of it. There in the half-light they consummate their marriage, it is everything they had hoped it would be… and more.
Sherlock considered various occasions in their past, before Mary, before The Fall when he and John had shared a billet in some hotel or other with only one bed. It had never been an issue, inevitably it had been a case that had taken them away from home, and as Sherlock never slept during an investigation the matter of sharing the bed never arose. But Sherlock was older now, and his transport required more attention. He did sleep even during complex cases. The thought of curling up next to a recumbent John, listening to him breathe in the night, having his solid warmth beside him was very appealing, but there was more to sharing a marriage bed than just sleeping.
Chris recovered enough to say “I spoke to your father once, in the shop. He was very kind to me; I can’t believe I’m having a drink with his daughter.”
Central London at night - a few weeks after the death of Mary Watson
Sherlock was at home, dressed in soft pyjamas, and his second-best dressing gown, he was toying with his violin, working on the outline of a waltz for John and Mary’s first dance. Assuming he was still invited after what Sherlock had stored in his mind palace as ‘the incident’ that had occurred the previous Saturday.
“Breaking and entering, John? Not a good example”
, he laughed to himself as he walked out onto the street, w
Why everyone he meets regards him as a freak.
“If it is any consolation to the Duke,” Sherlock said, mainly to Steve, “I am certain his nephew was spurred on by Reuben Hayes.”
At that moment Mrs Hudson swept by with a plate of vol au vents “He’s running late, he’s text to say they’re on their way”
“Does anyone want to share a chapati with me?”
Dr Watson served out his notice at The Priory School and left at the February half term. He returned to live with Sherlock Holmes at 221b Baker Street. They would not be needing the other bedroom.
She quickly cut him off,  “I know who you are, it’s all round the school, but I’m afraid I must ask you to leave. No visitors are allowed in the kitchens.”
Mike glances at his watch, it’s ten to ten, “You’ll have to be patient then won’t you.”
“Our engagement, seal with a kiss.” John replied before promptly taking Sherlock into his arms to demonstrate what he meant.
******
John spotted that Sherlock was about torpedo his good record with the Inspector and hastily intervened. “Perhaps our local station can take care of it, we’ll arrange to pop in there and they can send them on to you. It’s been a long night and we have responsibilities at home.”
“Don’t you have a say in things?”
There were very few photographs of the Holderness children, their parents were fiercely protective of their privacy but, four years ago, Arthur had been a page boy at the wedding of a minor royal and this had been reported widely. Sherlock looked at the small pale face and mop of dark curls and, despite the fact the child was dressed as Little Lord Fauntleroy, Sherlock was certain he would know him if he saw him now.
“Not exactly indigenous names for reindeer, Tanssija, perhaps or Ragata would be more authentic”
Mary didn’t push it, it was one of the things he liked most about her, she knew when not to question his actions.
Finished, Mycroft pauses to draw breath.
“Then, you’re going to get changed into something much more suitable, and we are going to see the ponies, followed by a trip to the Shetland Distillery Experience, then back here for dinner and the hot tub. What do you think?”
“I suspect he told me a version of the truth, to be honest I was relieved. You see, I thought she had found out, when I saw the ring, before I read the note, I thought she suspected, and I felt guilty, that I had let her, and myself down, let you down too. It was going to be a bloody mess, and then…
“Yes?”
Mr Windibank was immutable, Sherlock more so. Just as it looked as if the discussion was going to deteriorate into one of those tedious debates where neither party will concede anything, a voice from within the house called out.
They were silent then in the enormity of what John had just said.
John’s sick and tired of being left in the dark, Sherlock, Mary, Mycroft even Molly know more than he does.
“If you and your wife had not produced a son, who would have been next in line to inherit the title, and Holderness Hall?”
“Tell me, do you get many strangers in the neighbourhood?”
Murray, his most recent tour of duty over and back in Blighty, schleps all the way to Headley Court to call on his injured pal.
John slammed his hand down on the table, Sherlock stopped talking in surprise and Rosie whimpered.
“Its great for the craic but I’ll warn you I’m meeting my friend Mary and it’ll be wedding talk, Mary’s getting married in August and I’m her maid of honour.”
The line breaks before they say goodbye.
“Me?” John repeated, rather taken aback.
I feel like I ought to offer a prize to whoever is first to identify who Mycroft is quoting at the end of this chapter.
When Crowley had suggested that Aziraphale play the part of an interested client (suitor) to Sherlock Holmes, it had been on a whim; he had fully expected that the scheme would fall apart in a day or two at most. All Aziraphale needed to do was pay the detective a little bit of attention and bring Dr Watson’s possessive streak into play. Then the angel could gently bow out and leave the two humans to get on with it.
John got to work and before long he looked up from the screen and said, “Well I have one but I think he is unlikely to be our man.”
Harry carries on, her awful job, Clara, public transport, the weather, bottomless trivia.
At Baker Street station John tapped his oyster card and made his way to the Bakerloo line and his train. He had moved in with Mary, into her flat in Kensal Green only a couple of months before Sherlock’s return, it was a vast improvement on the soulless bedsit he had lived in after leaving Baker Street, but they were intending to look for something more permanent once the wedding was out of the way.
An interlude
“Whatever for, he wasn’t responsible for Garvey’s actions.”
“John…” he whispered softly, and then sat up suddenly, “What is it? What time is it?”
John recognising that an ‘if you can’t beat them, join them’ strategy was best at this point started speculating just how much Bill had lost at the tables the previous night and became so intensely involved in the banter that he didn’t even notice that Sherlock had slipped away.
The third figure jumped into the truck before heading along the track and overtaking them both.
“John, Listen to me, I have a sister I speak to once a month on the phone, you have a sister you meet to argue with twice a year and as for Sherlock…”
However, there were all manner of hazards in a cave in the dark, ledges and sudden drops, water, and the biggest danger of all, that he would inadvertently travel in the wrong direction, away from the entrance and deeper into the cave.
Steve and Sherlock descended from the truck and walked back to join Danny at the spot. Steve made to fetch the bike, but Sherlock held him back as he quickly examined the scene, the flattened grass,  the mishmash of footprints, something that might be blood, all the signs of a scuffle.
“Shower’s fantastic though, you ought to try it.”
It was obvious that Miss Sutherland was unable to distinguish fact from fiction, an ideal candidate for the kind of hoax that had been played on her.
“The penniless schoolmaster,” Sherlock’s voice only thinly disguised his contempt.
John realised then that Greg wasn’t just depressed, he was plastered.
“So, how’s it going?”
The Peak District was riddled with caves and caverns, a number were open to the public, John had even visited a couple of them during his excursions in the summer. But there were dozens on private land or too inhospitable for anyone but the most experienced cavers to navigate. John suspected this cave was probably in the first category rather than the second.
“The eighth duke was married to Lady Anne, lovely woman, always made a fuss of the estate children, remembered your name and your birthday and whatnot. They had two daughters, Lady Isobel and Lady Amanda, they are just a bit older than me and I remember the excitement of having some of their hand-me-downs, the more practical ones, not the ballgowns. But the eighth duke had no boys and I think that’s what caused the trouble, because Lord Arthur, the brother I mentioned, had two. They were Master Arthur, the present duke, the one whose son is here, and his brother, Master Alex.”
An interlude.
“Your former colleague, our science master… Dr Watson.”
A footman opened the door to him and indicated that Mycroft was within.
Once Rosie had been tucked into bed, cosy in her new pyjamas, John slipped down to 221c and brought up the presents for her stocking. He hoped that he hadn’t gone overboard, but according to the other mums at stay and play, quantity appeared to be more important than quality. So, there were crayons and picture books, cards, stamps and stickers, DVDs and dressing up clothes. John poured them all onto the sitting room floor with the wrapping paper and got down to work. Sherlock supervised, picking up items and examining them as if he’d never seen a such wonders before.
“Why not?” Danny persisted.
The answer comes easily to Mary “People like you have no imagination”
“I’m not sure… ok, ok I’ll send someone to find out.” Lestrade beckoned one of the uniformed officers that was stationed at the end of the corridor and instructed her to make some phone calls.
Greg, who also was not quite ready for the evening to end, took the suggestion for what it was and accepted happily.
, Greg thought,
“Sherlock asked, I could hardly refuse the best man, could I? After all, Mrs Hudson is bringing Mr Chatterjee, and Molly, her chap. He’s Sherlock’s plus one.”
“Yes, although His Grace did not disclose the details.”
“Count… one two three, one two three… keep counting, one two three, until you don’t know you’re doing it.  Left hand up, higher, that’s right, keep it there. You’re leading remember, one two three… Step – point, Step – point and solo three turn.”
John had no compunction in leaving Rosie with Sherlock, in the eighteen months since they had returned to live at Baker Street, his flatmate had never once failed to collect her because he was on a case or left her crying because he was lost in his Mind Palace. “Thanks.”
“That there will be dancing.”
“Yes"
There was another squeal from the direction of Mrs Hudson.
John grabbed the handle, turning it to and fro, but it didn’t open.
John nods in agreement, yet deep down he thinks ‘that’s bollocks!’
Sherlock blinked, opened his mouth, blinked again, closed it and repeated the sequence twice more.
The clock can never be turned back.
Things that DCI Lestrade did not know this morning that he knows now:
“It was on a different panel of the door.”
Appledore - Christmas Evening
“Yes,” John agreed, “a little.”
“Mycroft and Glenys are getting married.” He said in disbelief.
“Yes, John,”
Back in his bedsit in Bloomsbury Sherlock enjoys a hot shower and shaves. He tames his birds nest hair and dresses in his sharpest suit. Today he thinks, today anything is possible.
“Phone him back and stop him, don't give up so easily.”
“This led me to a coroner’s report for Klaus Mühlbach, from Hamburg, who had died on his wedding night, accidentally electrocuted in his bath. The name of his new wife was Dina. I obtained a copy of the record from the Standesamt which gave her occupation as model and her marital status as widow.”
But John cut him off, “No…no serious talk without tea, here give madam her banana”
They were silent again, then Sherlock suddenly announced “Moving on. You see what you can find out about the employer, Mrs Etherege, and I’ll look into the Windibanks.”
“Did you just suggest we got married, John?”
He could do with something to work out his ideas on, Sherlock decided. He briefly contemplated the wall, it used to make an excellent notice board, but he wasn’t quite brave enough to risk damaging its new plaster and pristine wallpaper. He’d never hear the last of it of John ever found out.
As they headed back into central London, Sherlock began to sift through the events of the day, ever since Mr Fell had appeared at 221b that morning.
“I know you do.”
The first thing he sees, along with the periodic table, and the picture of Edgar Allen Poe is Sherlock’s bed. Hence the question.
Saying they would be there, they made their way through the crowds to Baker Street station.
“Don’t play games with me.” Crowley snapped.
“Seriously, John?” Molly said. “You brought a gun to Sherlock’s wedding?”
“But wouldn’t Mary wonder what her mother was doing at her typewriter?”
The moment he was gone Sally was surrounded by her protesting colleagues.
“Where are you going?” Aziraphale called after the departing demon.
“Four common colds demanding antibiotics, one serious kidney infection resisting antibiotics, one interesting growth in the inner ear, one antenatal referral, two STDs and one potential breast cancer case although you sincerely hope it isn’t as she’s only in her early thirties and has two children under five.”
“Thank you, Antonia, perhaps you could give me their number.”
Sherlock handed over his phone and she tapped the number in, then they made their way back to the kitchens. The desert course had been served in their absence and the maids had taken out coffee. There was a substantial bowl of Eton Mess left on the side and Sherlock’s expression at the sight of it was less than subtle.
Nine o’clock on Christmas Eve and all at flat B was not quiet. It had been a good day, John, Rosie and even Sherlock had slept late after the excitement of Mrs Hudson’s party. John had made breakfast and fed Rosie while Sherlock had tidied away the evidence of the previous night’s revelries, it was all good.
Crowley could see the angel’s point and apologised.
By Monday morning John was seriously fed up. He gave Rosie her breakfast and slammed around the kitchen and bathroom not caring how much noise he made or if he woke up sleeping beauty. In fact, deep down in some unacknowledged place in his mind, he wanted to wake Sherlock up, at least it would mean that he would see the git.
“So, she has no idea her mother and stepfather attempted to deprive her of a million pounds.”
“What does it look like?” John replied, “I’m making a list.”
Sherlock thought as he heard the voices of Bill and Chris outside calling their companion.
Carefully Sherlock carried the paper back into the sitting room, placed it flat on the table and switched on the lamp. Using his magnifying glass he examine each word minutely until he was fairly certain that he could make out what it said.
“The Duke and his assistant, James Wilder are here. They waiting in my study. Come along, Mr Holmes, and I will introduce you.”
“Well, come in do,” Mrs Hudson moved away from her front door to let the couple pass.
“I hope that they will be happy, it’s odd to think of Sherlock in love, but he can’t take his eyes off her, can he?”
Aveling pointed to another part of the map, “this is the problem. It’s a rocky outcrop, all cliffs and caves, known locally as the 'Ragged Shaw’, no idea why but it makes the whole area pretty inhospitable, just a few sheep.”
“Interestingly, Jack Baker was called to give evidence at the inquest, but he was excused on medical grounds.
“I’ll bring the letter round to you as soon as it arrives, if it arrives” John added, he was still sceptical on this point.
“Never knew what she saw in me," Greg went on, "'m just an ordinary copper…”
“Sounds like one of your better disguises”
John had done as much as he could, he still hadn’t spoken to Dinah, but her p.a. had called and said everything was in hand. Mrs Hudson had washed and pressed Rosie’s lavender velvet dress, and Mrs Turner had agreed to come round in the morning to do something with her hair. The whole thing was very disorganised, John didn’t even know if Dinah wanted Rosie there, but he wasn’t about to leave her out. Molly and Mrs H had both offered to keep an eye on her during his minimal best man duties.
They both looked over to where Sherlock was standing with Mrs Hudson and Rosie, he was clearly watching Dinah who was talking to her p.a. He undoubtedly looked oblivious to anyone else in the room.
Damn that was two
“Since you asked so nicely, I’ll give you a little clue, Mary Morstan is no saint. That’s all I can tell you.”
“Only that there would be a need for more grouse shooting in future.” Sherlock replied smugly, before going on. “The Duchess invested heavily in the Holderness estate and now it is in a much better place financially than when he inherited but that doesn’t mean that the Duke’s money worries are over. He has another issue, and I use that word deliberately, that needs to be provided for.
“You were going to marry a man you had never met!” John exclaimed.
“I have an occupation” Sherlock announces proudly, “I am a consulting detective, the only one in the world. I invented the job.”
“You’re the second person to say that to me today”
Garvey raised his face once more, stumbling as best he could to his feet, then spoke with the cold composure of despair. “I have nothing to hide from you, officers,” he said. “If I shot the man then it was in self-defence and you won’t pin a first degree charge on me for that. But if you think I could have hurt Eddie then you don’t know either me or him. I tell you there was never a man in this world loved another more than I loved him. We were as David and Jonathan.”
Sherlock reflected that it was a good thing that this instruction had been issued before the meeting with the Duke and his assistant.
“Anything to do with Edna Flugrath, death, obituary, will, probate.  Miss Sutherland said her father died five years ago at which point her Aunt was still alive so try 2002 onwards. You can search probate by name and year and view a copy online. We should commend Miss Sutherland on the unusual surname of her Aunt, it makes things considerably easier for us.”
“Alternatively, it could be considered in the government’s best interests to expediate your extradition to whichever sovereign state can establish a higher claim on your person and get their papers in order soonest. You must be aware that in many of those states the death penalty is still legal.”
The soldier listened to this sorry story very carefully and when the stranger had finished, he stood up, put his shoulders back and looked squarely at the man and said.
“Will be there in twenty minutes, text me the address”
“As are you” John counters “to your work”
“Glenys? I didn’t know Mycroft had a girlfriend, let alone one called Glenys. Have you met her?”
Mentally John started to run through the alphabet stopping almost immediately at B, “ABE! It’s a short form of Abraham, as in Lincoln. You know, American…”
Sherlock looked down again and said nothing.
“You’re brother’s here, and frankly he looks like he could do with a drink.” John replied, taking the bottle of Lagavulin from the cupboard.
Sherlock filed the fact that Miss Sutherland had circumvented his question, she was firmly in denial.
“There was nothing wrong with the Turkish Delight, she ate the piece I gave her plus two more, although she was very insistent that I ate some too. The poison was in the syringe, she planned to inject me quickly after I had eaten enough to show in my stomach contents. Once I was dead or at least dying she would spread the poison, in powder form possibly mixed with icing sugar on the remaining Turkish delight. It would be so obvious that a puncture mark would easily be overlooked or considered insignificant.
Molly thought,
“Old Norse” Mycroft corrected.
“I spoke to her assistant, he’s cancelling everything, it’s a bust, John, gone to hell in a handcart.”
“What?”
“That was amazing.”
“Last night I was determined to find out who was doing this so I decided to lie in wait. I got out my revolver and I sat up in my study, it looks out on the lawn and garden. About two this morning I was seated by the window, it was pitch dark apart from the moon, when I heard steps behind me, and there was Patrick. He implored me to come to bed. I told him frankly that I wished to see who was behind these messages.
“Not when it is why we’re here”
Angelo's - Twelve Months after the end of The Lying Detective
Mary was quite for a few minutes, as she appeared to process Sherlock’s words, then she looked up and spoke defiantly.
You may be able to deduce the message of the dancing men if you have been following this fic closely, if not the key is available on a number of websites
“Six goes to get your CPL” Sherlock immediately noticed the client start to speak but then change his mind.  “Of course, it was in fact seven. Really? And you’re still certain you’re cut out to be a pilot?”
“Take a closer look at the woman,” Sherlock suggested bringing the conversation back to the occupants of the opposite table.
******
Sherlock unceremoniously plonked three mugs of tea down on the table. “There’s no milk.”
Mycroft didn’t bother to deny his involvement, “Heavy snow was forecast.”
“But we did see an elephant”
“Forgotten, forgotten what?”
Sherlock was ramping up the ‘mine host’ act, introducing Dinah to everyone, making sure they all had a drink. Stella, Paul, Sally and Simon were hitting the mulled wine, while Mrs Hudson and Molly were in the kitchen making snowballs. Sherlock had had at least three and had been persuaded to play some Christmas favourites on his violin (but not to wear the antlers).
John tried to control his breathing, using the exercises Ella had shown him all those years ago. He reminded himself that it had only been two days, that blow to the head apart he was uninjured, he was a soldier and a doctor, and he would survive this. He wondered what the record was for surviving lost in a cave.
“I’m telling you it gives the appearance of rust. It is iron oxide mixed with some form of methyl or ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate, that’s super glue to you, and smeared extensively in and around the keyhole. Most maintenance operatives would have access to some old piece of kit they could garner sufficient flakes of rust from.”
“Miss Sutherland, my name is Sherlock Holmes, and this is my colleague…”
Mary stood up and grabbed her handbag before lifting her face to John’s and puckering her lips. He moved closer intending to give her a quick peck, but she parted her lips and the kiss turned deeper than he intended. Mary cupped his arse and then gave his left cheek a light slap and a pinch. They broke apart laughing, and then she was gone.
“No significant other?”
The former Natasha Petrovitch was the daughter of the Russian Oligarch Pieter Petrovitch who had become wealthy under Gorbachev selling Levi’s on the black market before making serious money from the fossil fuel industry after the collapse of the Soviet Union. From the report in the Financial Times, his property portfolio had grown to extend into every major city in Europe, plus New York, the house in London alone was said to be worth over one hundred million. There were investments in every sphere of British life and Petrovitch’s assimilation had reached its zenith, when, like the railroad kings of the nineteenth century, his daughter had married into the British aristocracy.
He catches the bus back to his bedsit, where he packs his meagre possessions into boxes before taking a taxi (the extravagance!) to the British Museum. This is one rendezvous where he cannot afford to take chances.
“He wanted to die.”
As the taxi drove along the famous yew avenue of Holderness Hall. Sherlock noted a new Range Rover parked haphazardly in the driveway. Sherlock and John were ushered through the magnificent Elizabethan doorway and into his Grace's study. There they found the Duke sat behind his desk while he was berated by a petit, peroxide blonde woman, incongruously dressed in jeans, a cashmere jumper and four inch heels, while diamonds that belonged in a bank vault sparkled from her ears and fingers. Neither looked as if they had slept.
“Dinah,” John shouted, banging on the door, “Sherlock! Are you in there? Can you hear me?
The superstore was another Christmas nightmare, with every piece of seasonal tat that you could imagine. The store’s address system announced that Santa and his reindeer were in the store today and John thought Rosie might enjoy a look.
“Go on”
Ready to leave, Mary checked her handbag one more time… purse, phone, a scrap of the material for the bridesmaids’ dresses, keys, oyster card, gun.
“Delivery for Mr Sherlock Holmes, from Mr Holmes.” The man announced. John took the proffered cool box warily, generally things that arrived for Sherlock in a cool box did not stand much investigation, but he hardly expected that Mycroft would be sending his brother body parts. Even so, he was relieved when Sherlock opened the box to find a half a dozen bottles of vintage Veuve Clicquot.
This poem appeared to be different still, blank verse, heart searching, poignant… It seemed that John was wrestling with his consciousness, whether to declare himself…
While Sherlock spent the day thinking, getting on Mrs Hudson’s nerves, playing the violin, and losing his temper with the English language and the blackboard, John was busy at home.
The problem was, John reflected as he walked home in the dark, was that he didn’t want to make a home out of his flat. To do that would be to admit defeat that he had settled for a life in the suburbs. Once home, he fed Rosie and played with her for a while before bath time and bed. He cleaned up the detritus of the day, more washing, where did it all come from?
******
Sherlock and Dinah led the way into a small lobby where champagne was being served. Dinah was waylaid by Mrs Hudson and Rosie who was presenting her with a silver horseshoe.  Sherlock took a glass and handed it to John, as he did so the gold ring on the third finger of Sherlock’s left hand caught the light and this more than anything else in the whole ceremony brought home to John the reality of what had just occurred.
He groped for the light switch and turned on the lamp, the integrated radio sprang into life.
Sherlock has to agree, he concentrates on supporting his friend, this isn’t the time to examine his memories and all that has happened to him because as a six year old he’d chosen to play pirates with another little boy from the village instead of his sister.
As they drove over the moors towards the Priory School, the police surveillance helicopter came into view overhead lighting up the night sky.
“Would he?”
“You’re next” the married ones egged on Greg, who drew a protesting Mycroft to his feet. “No… certainly not… I ref…” The remainder of the word was lost as Lestrade demonstrated a most effective way to silence the bureaucrat, both Sherlock and John couldn’t help being impressed.
Dear Mr Holmes,
“Ok, right. How about a boyfriend?”
“No Mycroft?” John whispered.
John had determined that as the soiree was Sherlock’s idea then he should be responsible for making it happen. He had made his usual contribution by cleaning the kitchen and tidying their sitting room but at eleven o’clock he and Rosie had set off to the annual festivities of the Church Christmas Bazaar, where Mrs Hudson was on duty on the cake stall.
“Scotland Yard then?” John addressed his curiosity as a question, “Mycroft brought you a case?”
“Paul, you know next door, Mrs Turner’s Paul, he did the plans and Mark did the interior decorating. Sherlock wanted a pirate theme but we overruled him. We compromised on Noah’s Ark as not too girly. You can imagine what himself had to say about that”
******
He glared at his mind palace image of the stick men, there just wasn’t enough data.
Sherlock took another drink.
John looked surprised but let Sherlock go.
“No, nothing like that.” Sherlock sighed, “If you must monitor all my movements, the fact is I am having dinner with Dinah.”
“Don’t worry,” Crowley replied, “I won’t forget.”
It seemed a long minute until the footsteps approached the front door and rang the bell. They waited scarcely daring to breathe until the door slowly opened and a man stepped in. In an instant the PCO had him in an arm lock and DI Martin slipped the handcuffs round his wrists, while John flicked on the lights. It was all done so swiftly and deftly that Garvey was helpless before he knew what was happening. He glared and protested, “What is the meaning of this, I am here on legitimate business, in response to a letter from Eddie Hilton.”
“It was self-administered in the jelly,” Sherlock deflates, disappointed it’s not a murder.
Greg shifted again, “Who were you thinking of inviting?”
“They’re the same, the tracks here were made by our truck!” He exclaimed.
They talk; God knows they can talk, the psychopath and the sociopath. They bounce off one another, at once congratulatory and conciliatory and all the while John plays gooseberry. They should have married each other; he says but doesn’t mean it.
“You little rascal!” John exclaimed out loud, it was well past midnight, and no child should be up and about even within the school building and certainly not risking life and limb leaving by means of nothing more substantial than a creeper, however old and well established. “Whatever it is you’re up to, young man, I’m going to put a stop to it!”
Mary paused and then crossed this through, John had told her it was in hand, and she should trust him with something.
The words of
Another attraction of the seaside location was the number of excellent chip shops along the front that allowed Sherlock to partake of his favourite meal with ease. He had already been able to perform a small service to the owner of the best of them and as a result was soon in possession of a large portion of cod and chips with the compliments of the chef. He retired to a convenient bench and sat down in the evening sunshine to enjoy his meal while indulging in another favourite pastime, people watching.
“Not at all, Watson is perfectly safe in my hands.”
Then came the death of Charles Augustus Magnussen, and that weird business with Moriarty all over the TV screens, the bizarre murder of Mary Watson at the London Aquarium of all places and then some rumour about a break out at maximum security place that no one was supposed to know about; all of which, Sally was convinced, Sherlock Holmes played a much greater part in than she was permitted to know. That was what really got to her, that she, as a long serving police officer was excluded from this little club that were in on everything, while Sherlock Holmes, an amateur liability got a free pass to it all.
“Mary’s taking me home”
“I persuaded The Powers That Be that no prison could secure you. You are to stay here until your departure.”
“Certainly.” Sherlock announced, helping himself to a piece of John’s toast.
“Is the most well-known yes, but they were a feature of Chinese medicine for centuries before Fleming’s discovery. You will also I am sure be aware of the drastic decline in the world’s bee populations.”
“I agree, but couldn’t you just enjoy being engaged for a while longer?”
John continued, “Why do you ask?”
“Which might make the older man her son, and the boy her grandson.”
Aziraphale was an angel at home in his own skin, or rather the corporal entity that he had chosen to adopt six thousand years ago when he was sent to begin his duties on earth. He considered that it suited him very well, and while he had made one or two minor adaptations over the centuries, he had never seen any need to change the basic outline.
The Duchess sank back in her chair, “Thank God!” she whispered in her native tongue. The Duke also sat down; his face drained of all colour.
“Mrs Etheredge suggested I put an advertisement in the personals of The Evening Standard, she was most insistent, I think she thought it would be good research if she ever had one of her heroines do the same. So, after a while I gave in and did, and that is how I found Ian, my soulmate.
“Where is Joanna now?”
John sighed and picked up his own and Lestrade’s empty glasses. “I’ll get another round in… there was something else I wanted to talk to you about, though I think you may have just helped me make a decision.”
Then just as quickly he pulled himself together. There was no new person in John’s life, he was sure of it. Sherlock ran through his list of John’s usual tells, he had not changed his cologne, or bought new underclothes, his favourite shirt, the one that brought out the blue of his eyes had not made an appearance recently. There were no new staff at the surgery (Sherlock had Mycroft vet all appointments, a wise precaution after the last time), and no new Mums at the play scheme. There had been no calls on Mrs H or Molly or even Sherlock to sit Rosie while John went out for the evening. No, Sherlock was certain there was no candidate for romantic interest in John Watson’s life; still it wouldn’t hurt to be vigilant.
“Yes, I really do, two o’clock tomorrow, Dinah will be my bride… You will do the honours…?”
, Music
“Of course, go and sort him out, he’s in a terrible mood today. Now, young man, how about a nice cup of tea and one of my mince pies, or would you prefer something stronger? Then you can tell me all about Christmas in your home country.”
When John came back downstairs, Mycroft was taking his leave, whisky untouched on the mantelpiece. Sherlock had migrated from the dining chair to the couch and was now supine, eyes closed, hands in prayer position.
Nearly there.
Aziraphale didn’t reply, he merely filled another glass and handed it to the demon before he topped up his own.
Crowley was not a happy demon.
He replied when he could speak again, “Anyone can see what I see but I have trained myself join up the dots.”
“No.”
Then there is your former flatmate, the only one you would truly call a friend. The reason you had to go away, the reason you stayed away for two years, and the reason you fought so hard to live long enough to come back.  He is the one who has changed most of all. Once he headbutted a policeman in your defence, now he bloodies your nose instead. He sits on your sofa, holding hands with his fiancée (petite blonde -
“Tonight, I have tickets for the Barbican, Beethoven, Shostakovich and Paganini, such an interesting programme,” he sighed “I suppose I will just have to go back to doing things on my own.”
“We’ll leave little Rosie till last,” she said, producing bacon and eggs from their fridge, “less chance of her getting untidy again. Now you go and take your shower and wake the groom on the way. I’ll do us all a good breakfast, that’s the problem with weddings, all that standing about and no knowing when you’ll next eat.”
by something? Sherlock turned and looked out of the kitchen’s tiny window, the blind was up and even in the dark he could clearly see the building opposite. He was joined by Aveling who exclaimed.
John had the idea it hadn’t been Yasmin on stage with her husband that night, that she had been unwell, and her understudy had been there when the accident happened, and that this had been taken as a contributing factor.  He remembered all the newspaper articles that appeared at the time; Yasmin was quoted as blaming herself.
His sudden anger confirms that she was right; he’s cute but far too much emotional baggage.
Sherlock ran a mental inventory of his available disguises while John was in the bathroom. There was a spectacularly noxious tramp who could accidentally jostle Dr Watson, covering him in something which would result in his need to return home to change. Alternatively, the elderly gentleman, who would collapse in front of John with all the indications of a suspected heart attack might do the trick. The diligent doctor would undoubtedly choose to wait with his patient for the ambulance to arrive rather than abandon him, which during the London morning rush hour would ensure a delay that would easily be sufficient to cause John to miss his train, Sherlock was willing to risk a broken rib or two to ensure success.
Penultimate Episode - I debated between the British Medical Association House and the Royal College of Physicians for the venue wedding but the RCP physick garden tipped the balance
Mycroft slapped his head. “Of course. The text, I set the due date for twelve, oh five, seventeen.”
“Good.”
Leaving the landing light on, it was already getting dark, John went back downstairs to see what Sherlock had been up to while they were out.
Sherlock then turned his attention to the Duchess; she was a much more interesting character. The news of the impending divorce had exercised the press and several of the articles carried photographs of the woman taken on different occasions over the course of her marriage and before. She was a striking woman, some fifteen years the Duke’s junior, Sherlock surmised, something of the look of Irene Adler about her, perhaps more so if she had stayed with her natural colouring rather than the bottle blonde she adopted. There were four children, a daughter born within a year of the marriage, twin girls some eighteen months later and then the longed-for heir five years after that.
“Well, perhaps that is the problem, the world has changed, and I haven’t kept up. People don’t buy books anymore, or if they do, they want something I cannot bring myself to sell them. They used to come in here after a first edition of Middlemarch, or a complete Oscar Wilde and I would send them away quite happily with a paperback Jeffrey Archer or a Jilly Cooper. Only last week a person came in and asked for a publication entitled 'Fifty Shades of Grey', I sent them to the hardware store.
“Work tomorrow, I had better say goodnight.”
“I imagine that he is going to persuade Mary Morstan to turn Queen’s evidence in return for a place on a witness protection scheme somewhere, America or Australia perhaps. Effectively killing a number of birds with one stone.”
******
John waited a few moments, but the sound got louder, there was no way he could leave her to cry herself to sleep in a strange cot.
On the exhale Mycroft waits, undecided, and then he replies, “You might see if you can ascertain why Lady Smallwood is visiting my brother”.
Sherlock opened the rear door and gave John a gentle push before climbing in beside him. It left Steve rather in the position of a chauffeur, but Sherlock had reached the conclusion that John was about to crash, and he wanted to be near to him in the event.
John turned his head away and said in the most matter of fact way, “I don’t come back from Afghanistan, do I?”
He reached for his mobile and saw he had twenty-six missed calls, all from Mrs Hudson. Vaguely alarmed, Sherlock walked to the top of the stairs and called his landlady.
It is nearly a week before John has the opportunity to speak to Harry on the phone again.
Honeymoon –
And so it is done. Another #fictober ends with my OTP together at last.
“And what did Paul make of this?”
“That’s my line.” John gave a small laugh, then turning to look at the truck, “Oh good, you’ve got my bicycle,” he exclaimed, before fainting clean away.
He went on, inch by painful inch, mostly crawling though occasionally he dropped to his belly to give his knees a break. John had little sense of time passing, sometimes when he stopped to look at his watch it was ten minutes, other times an hour, it didn’t seem to be getting any lighter, so he was still nowhere near an entrance. That thought panicked him a little,
, was making genial conversation, outlining their plan for this evening. Ralph would play a social call on his great-aunt. He would keep her occupied, while Sherlock forced his way in through the part of the house that would have been the tradesman’s entrance in former times. The cab would be asked to wait, parked in the alleyway at the side of the house, ready to make a quick getaway.
“I’ll need you on hand,” Aziraphale insisted, when Crowley suggested he would make himself scarce, “I’m not sure how Dr Watson might react to a rival… things might turn ugly.”
There was no time for more explanations, as Molly and Simon chose that moment to arrive, they were to go ahead in the first taxi with Mrs Hudson and Rosie. John wondered if Sherlock had informed Molly of the change in arrangements, despite the comforting presence of Simon, it was still likely to be a shock. However, Molly seemed fairly composed, she picked up Rosie’s travel bag, while Simon took Mrs Hudson’s arm.
Sherlock looked doubtful, “Should I have done, I had already deduced their meaning.”
“The present duke inherited from his uncle?”
Greg smiled, who would have thought that Mycroft Holmes was fallible after all. “You did rather have other things on your mind that morning, my love. And it got there in the end, that’s all that matters.”
Sherlock, John, the Inspector and the other officers returned to the kitchen.
“Johnny, are you there? Did you hear what I said?”
“Let me think…” Crowley stood and began to walk up and down; they were meeting in St James’s Park this morning as Aziraphale’s shop was still infested with flowers.
After Culverton Smith’s confession and before Mycroft’s, John Watson has a confession of his own.
“I didn’t think to, like you said, I didn’t see any significance.”
“You’re welcome. Now, I expect you will be wanting to eat so we will try the restaurant here, and where I imagine we will find Inspector Somersby.”
“When?”
The expression on his face had been so fleeting she couldn’t even be sure she’d seen anything remarkable. But she knew she hadn’t hurt his feelings; by definition he didn’t have any. Sherlock Holmes was very last person you’d call a snowflake.
The headteacher was quick to correct him. “You misunderstand me, Mr Holmes, much as I would wish it, I cannot directly ask you to investigate the boy’s abduction without the permission of his parents.”
“No, people who choose to see only what they want to see”
“I got married in 1990, the eighth duke was still alive then, they gave us a dinner service, I’ve still got it. But by the time I came back to live on the estate, that was at the end of ’95, it was the new duke, the tenth one.”
John shook his head;
“Yes, Sherlock Holmes. You know him?”
By ten o’clock, when Sherlock appeared in the kitchen, John was making great strides with his list, as demonstrated by the number of items that were crossed through. Rosie was supervising John’s activity from a seat at the kitchen table where she was busy with her stickers making a card for Uncle Geg and Aunty Dinna.
Sherlock wanted to groan, the last thing he needed was a lover of legal dramas.
“It was more complex than that, but that’s not my story to tell. It wasn't until I started to court  Dinah that the extent of the danger Lestrade was in became clear. I had planned to come between them, to cause her to split with him, and then finish with her. Except when I investigated her past, I realised just how dangerous she was.
Sherlock emerged from another of these reveries to the awareness that a woman had for some minutes been walking up to the door of the cabin and away from it again. Sherlock sighed, oscillation upon the pavement always meant an affaire de coeur. The woman was obviously after a reading but was torn between desperation and scepticism.  Finally, after another round of walking to and fro, the door swung open and the woman entered.
John had returned home from work to find her engagement ring on the kitchen table, alongside a note. It said she was very sorry, that she never meant to hurt him, but she couldn’t marry him. She was still in love with her ex, David, and had gone off to South Africa with him; by the time he read this, she would already be on the plane.
John pushed Rosie in her buggy, she could walk and often wanted to but at the end of the day and in the busy London streets she was better off being strapped in. The rain was coming down in its old fashion, the biting wind made the icy drops sting as they caught his face. At least Rosie was wrapped up warm and seemed happy enough despite the weather, that was one less thing to worry about. John had learnt to live with an almost constant low level of worry about his daughter ever since she was born, but this evening she wasn’t even in the top three.
Sherlock expressed his relief, “I will fetch my things from the guest room.”
Mycroft doesn’t finish.
“I’m doing this for you because I owe you; I'm giving you first refusal on flat B.”
Danny didn’t agree. “Wouldn’t they just leave him here? Make it look like he’d come off his bike in the dark.”
“Dr Watson, I don’t have the gift as you call it. What I do have is extraordinary powers of observation and memory which enables me to deduce facts about individuals from the information that is presented to me, even when the person involved doesn’t realise they are giving anything away.
Crowley objected, “Sid’s an old friend, he wouldn’t have hurt him!”
Mr Fell began to outline his tale of a missing emerald brooch borrowed from its owner for an exhibition which had been mysteriously disappeared, and how he faced ruin if it was not returned. He had a suspect, a kleptomaniac great aunt who was notoriously light fingered but was unable to prove anything or to recover the jewel.
“Someone close?”
“Excellent! That is settled then, and Rosie can wear her lilac velvet. It’s only a small do, just you and few close friends, and we’ve solved one problem for you, we’re not expecting gifts.”
The Boss always did have a soft spot for the Freak, but it seemed to be stronger, even paternal, since Sherlock’s return, she was certain it wasn’t just a case of absence making the heart grow fonder, the dynamic had changed. Rather than hovering between harassed and embarrassed the Boss seemed to be grateful for Sherlock’s random interventions. Sally didn’t like it, but on the whole it made her temper her own opinions when she was around them both.
As soon as the words left his mouth Lestrade remembered with a start, the text message! The text message he and Mycroft had sent all those months ago that Sherlock had ignored. He coughed. “No forget I said that, forget all of it. I'm wrong. I shouldn't assume that what worked with one brother would work with the other. Sherlock’s a very different kettle of fish.”
Sherlock hovers between reality and illusion, slipping with ease between the twenty-first century and 1895. Outside his consciousness the nation is in uproar; oblivious, deep within his mind palace Sherlock is looking for clues.
“Seriously? Sherlock?” Lestrade asked, keen to learn more but also to steer the conversation away from his relationship with Mycroft.
” but was met with nothing with blank looks.
The same could not be said for the demon Crowley, who changed his appearance at will to suit the occasion and was equally at home in the male or female human form, but then his raw material was generally believed to be less desirable than Aziraphale’s, humans being disappointingly unappreciative of snakes. When with his angel Crowley usually adopted the likeness of a lithe twenty five year old man, albeit one with distinctly ophidian characteristics.
Date or Not a Date?
Left to their own devises they wandered out into the majestic hallway to wait for their lift. They had expected to find it empty instead they found the Duchess, striding up and down the length of it, her stiletto heels beating a tattoo on the ancient flagstones as she unleashing a torrent of angry Russian to whoever was on the other end of her mobile phone.
******
Sherlock went immediately into deduction mode “It’s not anyone we know and it's not the ex-wife although the shine has gone off the PE teacher since the divorce came through and she started living with him, she’s about due to start thinking that the grass is greener on the other side. My money’s on the uniformed officer who was in attendance at the Bluebird Hotel, they seemed very chummy and she was bending over backwards to make an impression although that might be career motivated. Failing that there’s the woman who works on the cigarette counter at the Tesco’s at Portcullis House, they’ve been on flirtation terms for years. Very well ladies and gentlemen, place your bets”
Greg followed Mycroft to his private rooms on the first floor of the Diogenes Club. Mycroft was extremely discombobulated to be seen at such a disadvantage and made his excuses as soon as he could and went to change. Greg who had come to know the set up very well over the past couple of years thought about helping himself from the drinks’ cabinet, but then thought better of it and rang down for tea.
He turns to take his wife by the arm. She protests “You’re what?”
John woke on Saturday morning with a deep sense of foreboding, it was not a feeling that he was unused to when it came to Sherlock Holmes, it had been there in the early years when Mycroft had warned of ‘danger nights’, and in abundance during those dark days when the press had had their knives out for the detective; it had reached its peak on the tarmac as he had bid farewell to Sherlock not knowing if he would ever see him again.
“What happened?”
The Angel dutifully spun on his heels, “What do you think? Do I pass?”
“That’s not entirely fair, he’s a lot better now.”
Apologies for those who like Mary Watson, but I have always thought in the ACD stories she was nothing more than Dr Watson's beard.
He must have said that last bit out loud, because he suddenly became aware that Mary was talking.
Sherlock is resolved. Never again will anyone think John is his boyfriend.
“The fact Miss Sutherland deflected my question about Mr Moody’s home and workplace indicated to me that she was ignorant of both and I began to suspect that her fiancé did not exist, a fact that was confirmed when I read the letter that purported to be from him. Here take a look at it yourself.”
They climb into bed quite separately and despite their nakedness seem uncertain what comes next.
Sherlock was saved further embarrassment by the waiter arriving with their coffee, the moment passed and after the coffee had been poured, John’s questioning took a different route.
“Rosie’s fine…” he tells the panic-stricken Sherlock “you did exactly the right thing… it wasn’t as bad as it looked, probably just shock, and the speed you had her bundled up and into the back of a taxi”
King George V has a number of reputed final words - officially it is something like How's the Empire? but unofficially is was thought to be Bugger Bognor (a seaside resort that had been suggested for convalescence)
“I thought you might have been at a wedding.”
“But Sherlock, you have a certificate, you and Dinah signed the register.”
John shuddered violently. As Sherlock suspected, the reaction was setting in. He moved as close to him as the seat belt would allow so that their shoulders were touching.
Sherlock had assumed that the boy had suffered a bad bout of stage fright, and the reason he had never spoken to Sherlock again was his embarrassment. Looking back now though, Sherlock wondered if it might have been something to do with his comment about the man’s relationship with his daughter’s nanny.
“There’s a key cupboard in the estate office.”
“Marriage changes you; you would know that John having been married yourself.”
Sherlock blinks; it’s true he has selective hearing. “You… Rosie…” he falters “living here… 221B… lot to take in… all a bit new”
This mindset got him as far as the door of the suite, which, when he knocked, was answered by a smart young man in a butler’s uniform, who asked him to wait as the tailor was just finishing with the other gentleman.
“Jo was lovely, don’t get the impression that as a family we were in anyway Victorian about the affair, it was of no concern to us that she was a girl from the village, she was a good match for Alex, as brave and headstrong as he was. Then Alex got Jo in trouble as we used to say, he came to me for advice, he said he wanted to do the right thing by her but neither of them felt cut out to be parents, Jo was only just eighteen at the time. Well I thought he was talking about…” The Duke hesitated, but Sherlock nodded.
“And when he told you the truth?”
“You didn’t pay for this room, did you?”
The sky had been growing darker the whole time Sherlock had been talking and as Steve put the truck into gear the heavens opened, and the rain began in earnest. John shivered in the back seat of the truck and smiled gratefully when Sherlock slipped off his own coat and placed it over him.
Mycroft turned to Crowley and said, “I thought he was one of your lot.”
Sherlock was suddenly afraid, worse than when he faced Magnussen, Culverton Smith or even Moriarty. What if this was not an abstract exercise devised by John’s therapist to help him cope with his grief? What if these were John’s poor efforts to express to a new love the depth of his feelings? Sherlock experienced what he had previously described as nonsense – his blood ran cold.
Sherlock turned to the Inspector, “Once it is light we will see what evidence the garden has to offer but I am sure with the amount of rain we have had there will be ample signs that someone was outside the study window when the incident occurred.”
“It’s like” John muses “nothing exists outside this flat”
“Exactly, no wonder you considered her a fit mate for me. She was also a lesbian and a dominatrix neither of which added to her availability. Dinah has all Irene’s best qualities, intelligence, courage, vitality and beauty with, thank goodness, none of her flaws. You were married once, so marriage was acceptable for you but not for me. ‘Do something while there’s still a chance’  do you remember, you said that to me too. Well, that’s what I am doing, A true friend would be happy for me.”
He was angry with Mycroft, but he had enough self-knowledge to admit that he was merely diverting the anger from himself.  He was angry that the mission had taken so long, angry that he had wasted time in Tibet, angry that he had misjudged the situation in Serbia and got caught, angry that his brother had witnessed his humiliation and taken the credit for getting him out.
Bundling Rosie into her pushchair, it was a truly miserable day; he spent a pleasant hour and a half over breakfast and the newspaper while Rosie made a satisfactory mess of her porridge and apple sauce.
Sherlock arrived at the
John remembers Mike Stamford once prompted, but has no wish to revisit his carefree student days. Mike however does not take the hint and fires off a series of questions that John would find intrusive from anyone else.
The door of the cabin had cracked open and Sherlock had caught a glimpse of the angry soldier from two days before. Sherlock hoped he had not come to start a fight.
“That I did”
“Er… I got your text.”
promptly at nine o’clock to find John, now shaved and changed sitting alone in the dining room finishing his breakfast. Sherlock sat in the empty seat opposite and stared at John.
Murray cannot know for John the war is over… the battle just begun.
“Oh, but I couldn’t.” Aziraphale protested, “I wouldn’t know where to begin.”
******
"My name is Mary Sutherland, and you are correct I have come from London today.”
“Jack Baker decided he must tell André the truth while there was still time. He arranged to meet him at the mere, away from prying eyes at the farmhouse. He confessed, André went for him, Baker is covered in bruises by the way, although they were put down to when the stroke floored him. Baker defended himself, he was a strong man once, and Cloete split his skull open on a rock at the edge of the mere.
John smiled a little sadly at his friend “I’m fine Sherlock, or at least I will be one way or another. Don’t worry about me”
, John thinks
“I was thinking that she is of an age to take an interest in decorating the tree.”
It was no small thing for Sherlock Holmes to voluntarily enter the portals of the Diogenes Club in search of his brother, but this he did on Tuesday morning, five days after Mycroft’s visit to Baker Street. Sherlock knew full well that Mycroft had been nowhere near Brussels at the weekend, that was the long-established code for ‘gone to ground’. But Anthea had contacted Sherlock on Monday concerned that Mr Holmes was still ‘not at his desk’ and asked Sherlock to intervene.
The day wore on bringing a steady stream of holiday makers ready to consult the Great Nostradamo – Should I leave my husband? (
It was almost lunchtime when a chastened John came back.
“My association?” Sherlock questioned.
Crowley dropped the man like a hot potato; Moriarty, coolly stood up and dusted himself down.
“No.”
“The Twelfth of May, I know. But it never arrived, or Sherlock never read it, we never found out.”
The Duke answered immediately. “Goes to a third cousin, Charles Beverley, great, great grandson of the fifth duke… or to his eldest son.”
“I do,” Sherlock replied at once, “but not one that will be achieved with you skulking around here. I need you back in the corridors of power.”
“According to both the solicitor and her GP she was as bright as a button right up to the day she died, of a massive stoke, at the age of 94.”
******
“I’m going abroad, but I’ll be back; let’s meet again, same day next year.”
It always struck John as bizarre to knock on the door of 221, as it often was, the front door was on the latch but it never felt quite right to enter uninvited so he waited on the step until the door opened and he was greeted by Mrs Hudson’s excited squeal.
******
The next time John woke, the pain in his head had subsided and while not completely faded he felt much more awake.
He completes his daily round up of the world’s worst, darting between Iraq, Ukraine, Somalia, Syria and Yemen, Zimbabwe, the Central African Republic effortlessly operating in eight languages and six time zones at once until he lands on Serbia. Ahh! Serbia… plenty of unfinished business there.
“That’s where our criminal made their first mistake. This lock is high quality brass, which while it will corrode if exposed over time to water or some other corrosive substance… won’t rust.”
Sherlock supposed that for Mycroft, the utter failure to contain their sister while keeping Sherlock, his parents, the government and the rest of the country in the dark, it was as if his legs had been kicked from underneath him leaving him sprawling in an undignified heap on the ground.
Mycroft, dutiful to the last, visits fortnightly, though he can hardly spare the time. Someone has to ensure that Sherlock hasn’t absconded and that treatment is maintained.
“I’m making my Christmas puddings, I’m late this year, Stir-Up Sunday was last week, but with everything that has been going on I completely forgot about it, and then Tesco’s had sold out of candied peel and I had to go to the big Waitrose instead.”
Mrs Hudson and Rosie were still out, so he made a pot of tea and took his own mug and one for Sherlock outside, he could get some wood and coal in for a fire while he was about it.
“I couldn’t let it rest, I couldn’t settle, I had to come over here and save him from himself. I might have threatened him, God forgive me, but I would never have touched a hair of his head. Take it back—you! Say that he is not hurt!”
John slid out of bed and came to sit next to his friend. “I should have tried again! I always thought I should have tried harder, that first evening, but instead I should have waited and tried again.”
When John arrived at the cabin, promptly at eight o’clock he found the clairvoyant waiting for him. That Sherlock was as tightly wound as a coiled spring he didn’t seem to notice, instead the doctor said rather self-consciously, “You look nice. I knew I wouldn’t need to say dress up.”
“That’s what you saw, wasn’t it, when I walked into your booth and you told me not to go to Afghanistan.  You knew if I went, I wouldn’t come back.”
Sherlock threw himself into an intricate and elaborate calculation for the next two hours. John came and went; Mrs Hudson made him a sandwich while Rosie played with a rather grey piece of pastry. He showed Mrs Hudson how to use the monitor as Rosie went for a nap for the first time in the cot in the little bedroom on the second floor. As he passed the open door of 221b John heard Sherlock muttering to himself, it sounded as if progress was being made but twenty minutes later when John took him a cup of tea, Sherlock was lying motionless on the couch with a puzzled look, a furrowed brow and a vacant eye.
“Well” Mycroft whispers to his own intended “At least Dr Watson will never be bored”
“I was jealous. Just because you were acting a role didn’t mean that I wasn’t jealous of the time you spent with Dinah. Particularly when you compared Dinah to
His thoughts must have been apparent, as Sherlock suddenly said, “you wouldn’t care to come with me? There is a train from Paddington at 14.49.”
“We can also talk to her in her bedroom.”
"You see John, it is a curious thing that a typewriter has really quite as much individuality as a person’s handwriting. Unless they are brand new, which is unlikely as so few are made these days, no two of them write exactly alike. Over the years some letters become more worn than others, and some wear only on one side. In the letter you received from Mary Sutherland today, we see there are four examples of the lower case ‘e’ in the text and a further five in the address and on each one the loop is shaded in. There is also a slight defect in the tail of the 'r', you can see it in the words ‘brown’, ‘over’ and ‘Wilvercombe’.  There are fourteen other characteristics, but those are the more obvious"
John relaxed, feeling remarkably light, as if a great weight had been released from his shoulders.
“The methodology is flawed, it has failed.”
“Really, Crowley, you wound me.”
It never ceased to amaze John the sheer volume of baggage a small child required to spend a day away from home. In the end he packed three of everything plus a dozen nappies and her toiletries. As well as Bubble he also put in her toy telephone, the music box and a couple of picture books that she enjoyed sucking on even though she couldn’t read. Then he added some jars of food, her dish and cutlery, sippy cups, formula and juice. Finally he slipped in a change of clothes for himself, just in case Rosie or Sherlock had an accident and his own wash things and popped the baby monitor and his phone charger in on top and he was ready.
They were overpowering…
“Succinctly put, Doctor.”
“Ignore him Inspector; he’s desperate for something to do. Come in and have a cup of tea, you look like you could do with one.”
“And you know that like you knew everything else about her, but you don’t have the gift.”
“Not a crime though is it.”
“Shame, spending the day in bed with you is out of the question,” John said, pulling a rueful face and making them both laugh. “You don’t have an equivalent hold over the daytime receptionist, do you?”
In John’s opinion Greg looked rather shell-shocked but he kept quiet and instead joined with Sherlock in congratulating the Inspector, slapping the man on the back. Lestrade appeared relieved at the absence of snark from Sherlock and began to relax.  John however was bursting with curiosity and knowing that his flatmate had no use for small talk, took it upon himself to give Lestrade a mild version of the third degree.
“Yes, I was wondering, well, if you would be my best man?”
“Yes, according to the report there were a number of factors that taken together caused the judge to rule again the mother. Namely that the previous will had referred to Mary Sutherland senior as Mrs Thomas Sutherland and described her as Edna’s cousin’s widow was pretty damning, but I imagine this was the final irrefutable piece of evidence”
Dinah suddenly became very business-like; she rang the bell and the butler immediately appeared with their coats.
“I don’t know why but I think Patrick did it. I’d like if possible to speak to Mr and Mrs King again.”
John is a good doctor, an experienced trauma surgeon with a steady hand and a clear eye. He’d had stints in two major accident and emergency departments before enlisting, but nothing he saw there, even the worst of RTAs, has prepared him for war.
It seemed that tragedy rather followed Dinah about, her second husband, the empresario Sir Wilfred Veneering had been murdered on their wedding day. Another of Dinah’ suitors had stood trial for the crime but had been found not guilty. Dinah had married the man within days, but there was speculation that he had been guilty after all as the afternoon of the wedding the man, had shot himself.
Sherlock had seen very little of John since the momentous visit to Baker Street, when he had been asked to be the doctor’s best man, and when he had it had been in the company of his fiancée. The wedding was still some months off, the initial suggestion of May had been deferred by the newly engaged couple finding it impossible to secure a venue for the reception. The wedding was now due to take place in August.
John considered this for a moment, he was always ready for a cup of tea.
“No minder.” Sherlock answered moodily, for all like a five-year-old who’s favourite blankie was in the wash.
“You seem very trusting of a man you have not known long. What makes you so certain he has not simply,” Sherlock thought for a moment, “chickened out?”
“The letter,” Sherlock huffed. “Don’t tell me you haven’t asked.”
“Do you have a torch?” Sherlock asked the geography master, “or even better a flashlight?”
“It’s Frieda’s birthday…”
The paper, when Sherlock finally got his hands on it, was nothing out of the ordinary, easily recognised as a page torn from one of the reporter style notebooks John favoured. There were fifteen words written in John’s barely legible doctor’s scrawl, though for some reason the last three had been struck through.
Domesticity at the Watsons
The caller took the argument up a level.
“Not the suburbs.”
P?/?T?T/PAT/?P??T?
Three weeks into writing ficlets for the fictober 2018 I wondered - what about the other flats at 221 Baker Street, do they ever have ficlets of their own? So I had a bit of time that weekend and this happened.
Whitehall - three or four weeks earlier
“The last train to Wilvercombe is at eight, and I must be on it.”
“You know my methods John. When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth”
Within Sherlock’s own degree of difficulty the case is barely a three. It’s why the Met make such hard work of it that leaves Sherlock baffled.
“Nothing, it’s the access road to the Priory Farm but otherwise a dead end.”
Lestrade had shopped in his lunch break for some new togs, and as a result he was dressed, if not to kill, at least to disarm, when he set off to meet Mycroft for their ‘first date’.
Sherlock did as he was told, and lifted Rosie into his arms before gently sitting in his chair with her on his lap.
“When Miss Sutherland came to see me yesterday, I garnered some information from her physical appearance. She had the imprints of glasses either side of the bridge of her nose but seem to manage well enough without them while walking so short sighted. She had black and red smudges on the tips of her fingers, the kind caused by changing an old fashioned typewriter ribbon, I’m sure she would usually to do this swiftly and cleanly but in her agitation yesterday she had been clumsy. And then there was her shoes…”
John tried again “You have talked to her, Greg, given her a clue what its like being a copper’s wife.”
John did not spare much sympathy for Greg, privately he thought the inspector had dodged a bullet. For all his reservations about Sherlock’s marriage he had to admit that he and Dinah were far better suited than she had ever been to Greg. At some point, when the dust had settled, he would make his peace with the man.
They were shown into a stuffy little parlour which Sherlock judged as being unchanged since the Aunt’s time while Mrs Windibank fetched her daughter. John noted they were offered neither a seat nor tea. Miss Sutherland arrived, having obviously run down the stairs, and greeted them both enthusiastically.
“You’ve got me all wrong,” Crowley protested, “I have very eclectic tastes.”
“Can’t help you. Not a name I am familiar with.”
John didn’t know if he was annoyed or relieved at the disruption, but Sherlock had no such qualms. “Show them in please, Mrs Hudson,” he said, kicking the rug back into place and replacing the client’s chair.
He found his phone and put it onto charge, when it came back to life, he saw he had twelve missed calls all from Mycroft. Sherlock rarely voluntarily contacted his brother, but he made an exception in this case. Mycroft answered the phone out of breath.
“No, but Dinah has. He and Donovan were on a flight from Edinburgh this morning.”
It certainly appeared that 221b had gained a cat overnight, John could feel the weight of it lying across his chest, its fur gently tickling his nose, and its soft purring in his ear. John’s brain eventually caught up with his senses,
John pulled a slightly swaying Sherlock into his arms, as they stood beneath the mistletoe for their turn. It felt so right.
“Who? What?” Sherlock replied.
“Where are we going?”
Sherlock cannot deduce whether it was Mycroft or Mummy who set up the clues but won't admit this so cannot ask (it was in fact Mummy and Mycroft working together).
John looked at the three men in the truck with him and let out a sigh, “Have you forgotten that he left me in a cave to die!”
“Not much time to get the thing together,” John observed, “Less than a fortnight. What you going for? Quick trip to the register office?”
It wasn’t quite how he’d seen the night pan out, but if that’s all that’s on offer, he won’t say no to a hand job in the bogs.
John was happy at the Priory School; he had joined the school at Easter, just as the clocks had changed and the days had lengthened. The children were not particularly academic, and John was more than competent to teach them natural sciences at their level. He taught them about the natural world, human physiology, some botany and basic chemistry. If he felt a certain poignancy when he showed his eight-year olds the workings of a microscope or used the idea of the Earth’s rotation to explain day and night and the apparent movement of the sun across the sky, he tamped it down. Time, like an ever-rolling stream really did bear all its sons away.
The front door banged, quick footsteps pounded up the seventeen stairs and John launched into the sitting room. Sherlock took one swift appraising glance and asked.
Sherlock pulled away and made to get out of bed, “I still have it; it is in my jacket pocket.”
Sherlock was aware that the soldier’s temper was rising again but the tension was broken by the door opening. Sherlock turned ready to tell who ever it was to go away and was only briefly stopped in his tracks when he recognised the intruder.
he thought,
“It is simply this. ‘Mary Morstan is no saint.’”
John has followed Mike into one of the research labs where their younger selves learned their trade. It is already occupied by...
“Go on then, spill…”
“Oh you remember me. I hope you don’t mind, I asked Inspector Martin for your number”
Crowley sneezed again. Aziraphale produced a perfectly laundered cotton lawn handkerchief and handed it to the demon. Crowley murmured his thanks and removed his glasses to dry his eyes. For some reason both they and his nose were streaming.
“Brilliant!” John didn’t contain his praise. “But that leaves the third word.”
Sherlock smiled, “Of course I called the police, or rather I called Graham and got him to contact the local force, thought they would take more notice of him than me.”
Sherlock stood his ground, “I am investigating the disappearance of Dr Watson, I was hoping that there might be someone who works here who lives locally I could talk to. Preferably as close to the Holderness estate as possible.”
He had admitted to enabling some of the encounters between the ‘girls’ and in some cases ‘boys’ and their clients, while running a lucrative side line in recreational drugs and flavoured condoms. He had also confessed that he occasionally switched off the automatic corridor lights to facilitate these activities but he had no idea how the body of one of them had come to be in his store cupboard and after two hours neither Lestrade nor Sherlock could break his story.
“I thought you’d be pleased.” Crowley interrupted.
“I’m glad you called in, you have saved me a trip upstairs, these were delivered this morning, I had to sign for them.” Mrs Hudson pointed to two rather smart suit carriers that were hanging on the back of the door, embossed with the logo of
“What am I looking for?”
The Adventure of the Dancing Men - the consultation.
The legal part was next as the celebrant asked firstly Sherlock and then Dinah.
“Can I help you?”
Sherlock squinted at the inspector again, “You’ve been practising!”
“Come on,” Somersby, tapped Sherlock lightly on the arm with his fist, “Let us into your secret, what put you on to him.”
“He has been through a great deal recently. He was dead for two years which really takes it out of you. Now he is back, here in London, injured, he was tortured in Serbia amongst other things, and suffering from PTSD and a little bit of withdrawal although we will draw a veil over that. He is lonely and alone in a flat which he used to share with his best friend. The same best friend that he died to save and whom he is quite in love with if he could ever bring himself to admit it. To top everything, this friend has become engaged to a totally unsuitable young woman, although he has not realised it yet… the unsuitability aspect,” Aziraphale added quickly, “the friend is aware that he is engaged. I honestly believe without an intervention then something quite terrible will occur.”
“No?”
After the three soldiers had finally gone through the barrier, Ruth linked her arm through Sherlock’s as Mary and Bill’s girlfriend Laura went on ahead towards the underground.
Sherlock looked at his landlady as if she had asked him to appear at the Royal Ballet in the role of the Sugar Plum Fairy.
He reached in his jacket pocket and produced the little notebook he always carried around for interesting cases, and a pen.
It would help if he knew the number of letters, or could fill in some of the blanks from other clues. Mildly annoyed with himself for getting sucked in by such a banal conundrum, Sherlock started to look for yesterday’s newspaper where he assumed he would find the crossword the clue belonged to. He located the paper in the recycling bin but the crossword was untouched. Curious, he ferreted through the papers from the previous week but the crosswords were all the same unattempted state. Not from the Evening Standard then or at least not a recent one but nevertheless nothing to do with John’s distracted state after all.
“I wrote that note,” Sherlock replied, “I wrote it in the one way you would be unable to resist responding to, in the secret code you and Eddie invented when you were children. Am I not right?”
After the Aquarium
“I need you to stir it, and make a wish of course.”
John turned on the TV and flicked through the channels.
Following Mary’s death, Dr John Watson took three months’ compassionate leave during which time he drank heavily, conversed repeatedly with the spectre of his dead wife, palmed off his daughter to people who were practically strangers providing they were prepared to look after her and assaulted his best friend so severely it resulted in internal bleeding and near kidney failure. He also assisted in the conviction of possibly Britain’s most prolific serial killer, the head count wasn’t complete, and spent an appalling thirty-six hours on a security island that no-one had ever heard of with a Holmes that no-one admitted existed.
He consulted his watch, yesterday he had reached a place where the cave had become too narrow to squeeze through. He had experienced a  moment of sheer panic before pulling himself together and steadily backtracking his way in the dark to a point where he discovered a new tunnel slightly to the left of the route he had taken. The only good thing about this was that he passed another place where cleanish water poured down the cave walls, but it had set him back five hours.
“Good!” Crowley replied, changing into his snake form, and slithering through the bars of the nearest cell.
“So when I ‘died’ your feelings for me were as strong as Patrick’s for Richard”
Mary waved an envelope at Sherlock, and he took it. “Hates you,” he said at once, “can’t even bear to think about you, second class post, cheap card...”
“Tall dark and handsome,” Sam announces, “Posh sounding, curly hair.”
The first time John’s phone rang he ignored it, that is, he pretended to sleep through it. He had a sneaky feeling it might be work saying one of the other partners had called in sick. The next time he glanced at the number, didn’t recognise it and decided against answering, he hadn’t been in an accident in the last three years unless you counted kidnapping. The third time it rang, John thought perhaps the number was vaguely familiar and did answer. It was Greg.
It was a grey December afternoon and although it was only just gone two it seemed it would be dark before long. Sherlock was pottering around with various pieces of damp wood he had collected on his walks in the park with Rosie and secreted away under some hessian sacking in a store of his own devising. He was so engrossed in extracting one, examining it closely before returning it to its place that he didn’t notice John’s arrival. John stood for a moment and observed his friend, Sherlock’s nose and the tips of his ears were pink with the cold and he looked frozen but totally enthralled.
He stood for a moment and surveyed the barren moor with its smattering of rocky outcrops breaking through the grey-green grass; he had never been so glad to see anything in his whole life. The combination of exhaustion and relief threatened to overwhelm him, but his innate stubbornness and determination made him press on, as in the cave, one step at a time.
“Well I suppose you would know.”
******
“You have the letters on you, perhaps I may see one?”
The voice bellows in John’s ear above the noise of the disco. Without waiting for an answer the stranger begins to push his way to the bar, the crowds parting like the red sea, John following in his wake. They drink their drinks at the bar, the man checks his watch.
John pulled him back down. “No, you don’t. You’re not to wear anyone’s ring on that finger but mine.”
“Now if we consider the letter from Miss Sutherland’s mystery lover… What do you see?”
Sherlock didn’t need to be asked twice. “It is obvious from your nasal hair, your manicure and the way you were shaved this morning that you have lived a significant part of your life overseas, in fact I would go as far as to say you were born abroad, and that English is not your mother tongue, you have the overly precise diction of a non-native speaker. Every item of clothing you are wearing is brand new, including your shoes and is deliberately casual compared with your usual attire, you are constantly surprised to see your watch on your wrist instead of in your waistcoat pocket. You have military experience but not in the battlefield, I would suggest one of the secret services, either Her Majesty’s or another, friendly, power, my brother would know. I think that is enough to be going on with. So, Mr Fell, perhaps you would care to enlighten me, why did you choose to come here this morning in disguise?”
They were celebrating the successful conclusion of the Cloete murder case, succinctly tied up by Sherlock, who had identified the perpetrator and extracted the confession; even at this moment, the entirely innocent Paul Cloete was on his way home from prison.
“Out of my kitchen, and give me a break. I’m trying to make brandy sauce and I’m afraid you’ll curdle the cream!”
Behind her and unseen, Sherlock observes John’s wife, the deductions swirl around her head again, the liberal voting, lying, cat loving, only child, except now the list includes the word ASSASSIN!
“No.”
John’s sense of uneasiness grew, and he turned to thinking about the gift Dinah and Sherlock had received, the Turkish Delight. An odd thing to send as a wedding present, particularly to a woman like Dinah. John had known a lot of women, as he was loath to confess, he had had girlfriends on three continents.  He also knew quite a bit about body types; there were some people who were naturally very slender and there were those who really had to work at it. He was pretty certain that Dinah fell into the latter category; she probably hadn’t eaten a superfluous carb in over a decade whereas Sherlock… Sherlock’s sweet tooth was legendary.
“Not at all, Inspector, the more the merrier.”
Sherlock shuddered at the thought and again marvelled at the ease at which they spoke of John as a corpse.
“Of course; it is newly decorated and much bigger than mine”
“It was a compliment”
“Good, you’re back, do you remember which of these you used for the mould experiment?”
“What I mean is this, maybe Rosie doesn’t have much in the way of relatives, but that doesn’t mean you are alone, that you have to do this alone. Because you have me and Sherlock, and Molly and that nice Inspector, and loath as I am to say it even Mycroft. You have family."
“Yes,” Simon replied.
(I had hoped to get ahead of myself but this chapter rather ran away with itself, I was enjoying myself with the boys at home. Very brief mention of a suicide that happened in the past and off stage if it helps to know that)
“Frank Hudson is an evil man; if he goes free my life is over. I have the evidence to prove his guilt, he deserves the needle”
“Yes, a very nice man, he was my friend.”
“Not mine.” Mycroft replied. “Although as a precaution, I took DI Donovan into my confidence and you may have realised by now that Amy Smith is my employee. Had the weather improved before it did, they would have intervened.”
“You could tell that just from the cat hair on her skirt… thirteen! No wonder the daughter in law has the heebie-jeebies.”
“They haven’t committed a crime… but if you insist, I will go to London this afternoon and see Miss Sutherland and try to persuade her that she has been tricked, without revealing the perpetrators. I have promised to return her letter to her, I can use that as a reason for calling.”
“You’re lying,” Garvey spat out, “If Eddie is hurt so bad, how come he managed to send me a note?”
Sherlock followed Steve and Danny out the truck, while they were heading towards a gap in the rock that formed the mouth of the cave, the detective was cataloguing the sights and smells around him.
There were no signs of life, no discernible sounds, no traffic, no birds, just the wild openness. The sun was obscured by clouds, there was no way of telling east from west. He reckoned he had about six hours before nightfall, he needed to find civilisation by then, he was in no state physically for a night in the open.
There was only one thing for it, the sooner Sherlock Holmes was safe in the arms of John Watson the better.
There was only one thing for it, Mycroft, the master strategist stalled. “Might I suggest that we take this up at a later date?”
“Scared, me? Never.”
He changes the linen on his bed, not making plans, just keeping busy.
“I haven’t seen you for over two years, and you were really going to head straight back to London?”
“At least twice, before joining Herr Leibovitz in his act.”
“Dr Watson, how wonderful to see you. Please sit down. You will stay for tea. Let me refresh this.” Dinah did not give John the opportunity to refuse, she merely reached over and pressed the service bell.
Sherlock wondered if there was some sense in what Mycroft was saying but was not about to concede any points to his brother.
John mused,
He finds John in better shape than he expected and encouraged by the doctor’s stoic demeanour Murray does not immediately observe the tell-tale tremor or the aluminium crutch that leans against his chair.
“Not like that, East to West, same as the Wise Men… that’s better. Now make a wish.”
There was a small cough from behind him, Sherlock dropped the garment as if it had burned him and quickly looked underneath the rest of the jumpers.
before too long.
“Really?” Mycroft drew out the word and widened his eyes. “Very well. It is likely that Ms Morstan will have information that would be of use to us, by us I mean Her Majesty’s government. I may be able to broker a deal, make her an offer she can’t refuse.
Sherlock inclined his head again, “It might.”
Had the soviets really crashed a sub here back in 1973 during some kind of NATO/Warsaw Pact busting incident that had resulted in a number of deaths? It seemed impossible that such a thing could have been kept under wraps for over forty years without one of the natives spilling the beans. But there was the problem in a nutshell, Lestrade had never come across a community as tight lipped as the Islanders, despite a three-year stint working in the East End. The Unst folk had been fine when Greg and his team had been taken for tourists but the minute they’d been exposed as police the shutters had come down.
Sherlock listened to John as he ranted and raved, it seemed there was plenty more where that came from. He found the good scotch from the back of the cupboard and watched while John drank himself into oblivion, and then helped his friend up to his old room, where he promptly fell asleep. Sherlock draped the quilt over John and went back downstairs,
“We can assume then, that his parents were legally married at the time of his birth which makes him a legitimate child.”
After the champagne, the wedding party made their way to Dinah’s suite where a hot buffet was to be served. John couldn’t help comparing Sherlock’s nuptials to his own wedding and wondered if he would have gone for so much fuss if he had truly known who he was marrying. Something must have shown on his face as Molly came up to him and slip her arm in his.
“Oh, Crowley, please tell me the request was denied?”
The evening went on, but of the newly engaged couple there was no sign.
In the bed, Sherlock stirred, and his eyes fluttered beneath their lids, and then opened.
Nevertheless, Sherlock was still convinced his theory was the right one.
Sherlock led the way back to the now deserted kitchen, and the five men sat round the large farmhouse table. In the brighter light, John could see that Abe Garvey was a handsome, clean cut kind of man in his early thirties who reminded him of the Mormon missionaries that had always seemed to wake him by knocking his door when he was on night rotation as a junior doctor. John tried not to let that influence his opinion of the man.
“That would give air traffic control at Heathrow something to worry about apart from drones”
For non UK readers - Question Time is a weekly roundtable political audience Q&A. Songs of Praise is a weekly religious programme with hymns and Sport Relief is a bi-annual charity spectacular which involves celebrities doing sports to raise money for good causes. Somehow I can imagine Culverton Smith being a guest on all three.
“It’s a matter of life and death.” He pleaded.
“Or Greek” Sherlock continued “and to kiss beneath it was to bring peace, good luck and fertility”
“Then last year I had a bad winter, pleurisy and one chest infection after another. I got checked out, nothing sinister but the quack put it down to too much work and not enough play; he signed me off for a month and suggested a holiday somewhere warm if I could manage it. So I left the estate in the hands of my agent and went off to the south of France. It was there I met the man who is now my husband. I liked him the moment I met him, and before the month was up I was as much in love as a man could be. Of course, I thought he was way out of my league, but it turned out he felt the same about me. He came back to Norfolk with me and we were married as soon as it could be arranged.
Sherlock jumps, “Er…relocating…making upstairs safer for Watson”
“Thank you dear, I have so much to get done, I don’t know where to begin”
Just then the door opened, and his friend from the night before appeared and said, “What will you give me if I help you again?”
“James Bond… 007… we watched the films together… when I lived here,” John enlarged but the blankness continued. “Never mind you probably deleted them once they were finished.”
And behind the protective wall of cynicism and arrogance Sherlock has fortified himself with, smothered but not extinguished, a tiny flame of hope burns brightly.
“Just follow me, I know the area.”
“Really? That sounds rather sad.”
Sherlock skimmed through the rest of the judgement, it had been an interesting case and he had discovered a write-up in a peer journal. Having absorbed the information, Sherlock turned again to John to fill him in.
******
“Thing is, the key to this particular cupboard went missing years ago, no one bothered to do anything about liberating a couple of mops and a few toilet rolls. The cleaner, Juanita’s her name, been there years, just used to take her supplies from the cupboard on the next floor and over time everyone forgot about it.”
Lestrade helps him out “Son, father, brother, husband, that sort of thing”
Harry tries again “I need you, moral support, keep me on the wagon. And who knows when you’ll get another chance to hook up with some cute guy, you’re in the army now.”
“It is curious, though I am more curious as to why you would think to send it to me; it appears to be nothing of more significance than a child’s drawing of stick figures.”
John was not generally an indecisive man, but a glance at his watch revealed that he had spent far longer than he intended trying to absorb the movements in the air and from that determining the direction that the bats were moving in. He was a certain as he could be that he should set out to his left, but the complete darkness made taking that the first step an enormous deal.
had become the highlights of Sherlock’s week. Today was the exception; Sherlock had declined the afternoon’s pleasure claiming that the experiment presently occupying his thoughts (and the kitchen of 221C) was at a critical stage and would need constant supervision. It was a sacrifice, but there would be other ducks to feed.
“Thank you Ruth.” Sherlock acknowledged her intervention, “I see your careers in nursing, and subsequently in ordained ministry have given you a high level of people skills, and your success in what is still ostensibly a man’s world has enhanced your natural authority… damn!”
Money changed hands and the consultation commenced. Sherlock began by deducing the pilot’s obsession with flying and the quaint probability that he had once wanted to be an aeroplane, (Sherlock refrained from mockery, after all at the same age he had wanted to be a pirate). Sherlock held the man’s hand palm upward and continued, claiming to find the long hours of study, the financial hardship, the lack of support from his parents, the ridicule of his siblings all written there, whereas in reality he had merely taken the opportunity to examine more closely the wear and tear on the pilot’s cuffs.
******
“You are right, as ever…”
They had been climbing steadily, driving straight towards the scarps of the Ragged Shaw, Sherlock felt his ears pop. Suddenly the land flattened out and they were upon them, a hundred metres of sheer granite cliff looming out of the barren countryside.
Sherlock had always been slender but now he was positively gaunt, his cheekbones that had been the source of much envy were far too prominent and his eyes sunk into his face with the grey shadows beneath them. He was holding himself stiffly, but John wondered if there was a more sinister reason than just his displeasure at being beholden to his brother. For the first time since Sherlock’s return, John began to wonder just what had happened during that Boy’s Own Adventure Sherlock had been on.
“Nana!” Rosie called in reply, giving her adopted grandmother her most winning smile, “I have han heg!”
“This won’t wait for tomorrow. We need to get to the Hilton-Cubitts as quickly as possible. Is there a train to North Walsham to-night?”
Mycroft blamed the Americans, he acknowledged his own part in the incident, but mostly he blamed the Americans.
“You have news of Arthur?”
Aziraphale thought
“Daaa-deee!”
Sherlock took the offered hand; it was cool and dry and felt very right. Despite being in a public place and not hidden behind his cabin and his Great Nostradamo persona he felt no embarrassment.
John looked at Sherlock, Sherlock looked at John, Mycroft looked at his fingernails. The wail was gathering momentum, John knew the drill, there would be full-blown crying that only a cuddle, a tuck and a story from daddy would settle.
“I have no idea.” The Headmaster conceded.
“Ok, well I have to pick up Rosie in ten minutes so you can tell me about it while we walk.”
“He’s bringing someone?”
“So, you didn’t know anything about it?” John asked, an eyebrow arched in surprise.
Mycroft and Lestrade
Please find attached a photograph of a further incident of the ‘dancing men’ which as you can see was again drawn in chalk on the barn door. I am concerned that whoever is responsible for this continues to have free rein to trespass on my property. I hope that your investigation is progressing and trust that this further sample will be of assistance to you.
Sounding every bit like the moody teenager he looked, Sherlock said, “I promise you I’ll take more care in future.”
“How did you know to bring your gun to the wedding?”
Greg looked round at their eager faces, they were a good team, he might as well make the best of things.
“I don’t take it out that often, I use the quad bike closer to the house.”
Mary was however rather put out by the distraction, ever since the weekend, when John had arrived  home from Baker Street early and caught her unawares, she had had other things on her mind. Fortunately, he had been in a foul mood, one of the sullen fits of temper John was occasionally prone to, and that had blinded him to the fact she was as disconcerted as she was by him finding her taking a shower at two o’clock on a Saturday afternoon. Thank heavens she had changed at her safe house before going back to the flat.
“She’s an escapologist, of course she is; she takes after you. Nurture over nature”
“A what?”
“The matter can be easily remedied” said the Headmaster, immediately grovelling in the presence of nobility; “Mr. Sherlock Holmes can return to London by the morning train.”
He dressed carefully in his best suit.
******
“It’s my fault,” Crowley said gloomily, “I should never have let him have that fifth Black Velvet.”
It was clear that Miss Mary Sutherland’s bravado had deserted in the hours since her first visit to The Great Nostradamo.  Having neither coat or umbrella she had been unable to avoid the effects of the rain, her hair hung limply around her face which was red and blotchy with cold, she was clutching her handbag to her chest and as she ventured further into the cabin, it was apparent she was limping.
“I am unfortunately very busy at present. I am retained in the case of the Ferrers Documents, and I am likely to called as an expert witness in the Abergavenny murder trial. Only a very important issue could induce me to leave London at present."
“Well as my mother used to say, what can’t be cured must be endured.”
Sherlock feigns outrage “the Loci method of recall is not ‘the palace thing’! Solipsism argues we cannot be certain what we see exists”
John and Sherlock both pay calls.
More protests, his caller was obviously not in a conciliatory mood. Mycroft was forced to state his position again. “Governments have fallen for less.”
“We need to go to the police,” John said urgently, “we need to find Arthur.”
******
(Well, Sherlock’s was, but then he wasn’t really dead)
Finally, just as Sherlock was about to go back to shutting up, the shouting stopped and the third man entered, or rather was shoved into the cabin, accompanied by cat calls from his friends. His face was mutinous.
Sherlock's investigation continues
“And is it just you and your husband in the house?”
“Edmund. No still too long."
Sherlock looked that his drawings on the blackboard. They weren’t going anywhere and a change of scene might give him a fresh perspective when he got back.
John wasn’t entirely surprised; it had taken him a week to get the hotel number.
Barred from Scotland Yard for bad behaviour and living under the ever more watchful eye of Big Brother, Sherlock is terminally bored. He is therefore surprisingly responsive when contacted by an elderly lady who wishes to engage his services.
The school was waking up, lights shone through the windows of the wings around the central courtyard. Sherlock wanted to avoid an encounter with anyone who might wish to impede his investigations but acknowledged he was hungry, so he slipped into the kitchen the way he left the night before. It was a different set of staff preparing breakfast, but he managed to commandeer a mug of tea and some toast and honey, before making his escape and setting off down the driveway to meet Steve just as the sun was rising.
However this does not deter our hero, John did not acquire his legendary ‘three continents’ sobriquet without learning to use his initiative, where there’s a will there’s a way. John’s had his eye on the slim dark nursing officer since Ben arrived in Kandahar in the summer, and after tentative expressions of interest (neither man is out) they are ready to take their friendship to the next level.
The thaw in the relations between Sally Donovan and Sherlock Holmes (brought about largely by Sally’s uneasy acknowledgement that her readiness to believe him capable of the most heinous of crimes had contributed to detective’s decision to take his own life) did not last long after his resurrection.
“Well… Never mind, life’s too short. Apparently the guy is claiming he doesn’t speak English.”
The journey was a little under two hours, the car warm and comfortable, and Sherlock closed his eyes, and gave the impression of dozing while his mind raced to assimilate to his new circumstances. After around an hour he detected a change in the sights and sounds outside and he opened his eyes again in time to catch a glimpse of the Polish War Memorial from Western Avenue, nearly home.
“Who is it James?” and Mary’s mother appeared behind her husband.
“Invented what?” Crowley enquired.
. The buttonholes would be delivered on Saturday, the rings were Greg’s department, the licence, the venue and the reception afterwards were all being taken care of by Dinah’s assistant. The only thing he hadn’t got was a groom.
“Then what has brought you here so urgently?”
“Seriously?”
“It wasn’t a dream. I was there on the ward when you briefly came round”
“I would prefer to go out via the bicycle sheds, the way John would have left, if that is possible.”
The next day started well in Sherlock’s opinion but went steadily downhill from then on. The good start came in the form of an email from Richard Hilton-Cubitt with an attachment of a photograph of another set of stick men. The email contained a description of the exact circumstances of the discovery, something to do with chalk on a black barn door; Sherlock skimmed the details before dismissing them as irrelevant. Despite its initial promise the new photograph was rather a let-down but Sherlock printed it out anyway to compare with its predecessor.
John is not big on trust but it would be churlish to refuse and he's determined not to hang around the park until six o’clock, despite the date.
“Doesn’t sound very interesting so far, Gavin, you’ll have to try harder than that.”
Janine was delighted to find a new girl from the old country in her Zumba class, and from County Louth too, just down the road from where she grew up. Antonia confessed she had only been in London for three weeks and Janine, naturally friendly and feeling sorry for her shy compatriot, immediately invited her to joined her for a drink at the pub round the corner.
Molly cut him off, “We’ve been through this before, I know, I understand”
Somersby and the two other police officers were now off duty, it was time to celebrate. Lilith, aka AJ Crowley, was on duty behind the bar.
Greg ignored the hint, he wasn’t finished, not by a long shot. “You know you could have just asked me.”
“Very well, Miss Baker, we will return to the Boscombe Valley Hotel and await your call.”
“Two years, Mycroft. Two years of surviving on the crumbs of affection you could spare me from your work and your country. You’re the one who dictated the terms of our relationship, kept me in my place. I know why my security service code name is Justin, Anthea let it slip… it stands for ‘Mr Just in for the weekend’. That’s why we split Mycroft, I never expected to be your top priority, but I had hoped to make it into the top ten.”
Mary self-consciously covered her ringless left hand with the right. “My fiancé, Ian Moody, we were due to be married a week ago, by special licence. He made all the arrangements but when I arrived at the registrar’s office he wasn’t there. I waited and waited for hours, long after we had missed our appointment, mother got quite cross and said he had jilted me, but I cannot believe her. I know something has happened to him.”
Rosie was beginning to get quite a vocabulary and as John pottered around, changing out of his work clothes, and getting Rosie’s supper ready he heard little snippets,
Lestrade was down the other end of the room, and Sally at last had the opportunity she had been waiting for.
Mr Cheekbones pauses, turns and looks at John directly.
Molly was startled, “Whatever for?”
Sherlock quickly played a few bars from Wagner's Lohengrin and everyone laughed. He then gave a breath-taking performance of
“What do you mean?”
John agreed they should wait until Rosie woke up and got on with putting away their shopping. He was startled when he opened the fridge to find several plates of canapés and cocktail blinis.
The next couple of days passed quietly at 221b. Both John and Sherlock were a little subdued the day after the party, although John put that down to the detrimental effect of the combination of mulled wine, advocaat, and champagne on the human constitution. They did perk up a little after they took their afternoon walk in Regent’s Park which had blown the cobwebs away and Sherlock had been delighted to find another log for his collection.
“Sherlock,” John began, tentatively, “we’ve known each other a few years now, we’ve been through a lot. May I speak plainly to you.”
"Do you not find," Sherlock enquired, "that being so short sighted it is a struggle to do so much typing?"
Sherlock thought as he got out of the car outside the Diogenes Club, clutching Mrs Hudson’s Christmas card,
Providentially, at that moment, the woman in question put down her napkin and stood up, the younger of the two men instantly go to his feet, while the older one took his time but then also stood. The path woman took to the cloakrooms caused her to walk past John and Sherlock’s table and gave John the opportunity to see her more clearly.
“Something for Mycroft then, you know, after his visit the other day.”
But he agrees to meet her.
Faced with imperiousness from both sides, Dr Huxtable’s face was a picture of indecision. Sherlock added to his dilemma by saying nonchalantly.
John’s mind still boggled at the thought of a relationship, an engagement no less, between Mycroft and Greg but then he had to admit it was no more unusual than the turn of events in his own love life.
“Is it Father?” Sherlock asked softly.
“I deduced at least three punters were undercover police, not hard to spot the signs if you know what you’re looking for. Of course there was nothing on the premises more noteworthy than a few tabs of MDMA and some poppers, the Met were in completely the wrong place. But I had no intention of hanging around for hours while they worked that one out.”
, John thought as he passed a shop window which displayed a ludicrously extensive range of seasonally themed items including a tiny elf costume labelled ‘Baby’s First Christmas’. He shuddered and walked on, perhaps not.
More domestic scenes from Baker Street, and the night of the party
“Fantastic! Thank you Sherlock… relationship advice from a Freak who’s never had girlfriend… or boyfriend… or even a pet for that matter, you’re wasted as a detective you should take up counselling. I’m sure your sidekick would appreciate it. Though I’ve not seem him about recently. Don’t tell me there’s trouble in paradise? I guess it took a bit of doing, but it seems like getting his wife killed and leaving his daughter motherless has finally frightened him off.”
Sherlock was so stunned by this revelation that he lapsed into complete silence for some time while he trawled the corridors of his mind palace. John had walked with a limp when they had first met, but Sherlock had soon cured him of that, it was largely psychosomatic anyway. Sherlock did not understand what might have caused the limp to return in his absence, but that conundrum would have to wait until he had located John, so he returned to mentally considering the doctor’s part in the case.
(See the end of the chapter for
They laughed and headed back to Baker Street in time to find Sherlock complaining that his tea was cold.
“That’s… unexpected… on so many levels.” John said after a while, trying to get his head round the idea.
“Then you could have said ‘Gregory, don't get married, that is all it would have taken.”
“Nonsense! You knew with absolute certainty that would not be the case. That pantomime up in Scotland had your sticky fingerprints all over it. Though quite how you controlled the weather beats me.”
Nothing new under the sun.
“What did you mean?”
Big thanks to ADC for housing his heroes at 221B and not 221X or Z or something equally impossible to end a sentence on.
Lestrade drained the rest of his coffee, and wrapped his scarf tighter round his neck; he pulled on his gloves, still unpleasantly damp from his earlier trip to the crime scene and made his way outside. It was still sleeting, although the flakes seemed to be getting whiter and more substantial, the sky looked worryingly full of it.
The boys scarper; they think she doesn’t suspect they’ll be out the front sneaking a crafty fag but she’s their mother, there’s not a lot she misses. She knows deep down they love each other despite their ceaseless bickering.
Sam placed the Rudolph on the windowsill behind John, “there looks better already”. John thought it easier just to agree.
“Most of all I missed you, missed being with you, because I thought we had reached that place in our lives where things were good and were about to become better. That we were together, living together, raising a child, together and that we were a couple in all ways except one, and that you might be amenable to taking things to the next level. Instead, you went and made your vows to someone else.”
Husband!
“Ah, a rose for a Rose, how fitting.”
John wasn’t completely sure why Lestrade’s suit had been delivered to Baker Street, although with the inspector in Scotland he supposed it made sense. Which reminded John, he had things to do this evening.
The most common letter in English usage was E, followed by T and then A. Then roughly in succession I O N S R H, there was some debate he recalled about the order between I and O, and D and L should be in the list somewhere, but E was the best place to start. The difficulty was the message only comprised of fifteen stick men; it was too small a sample to reach any definite solutions. The most common word in the English language was
Just as John thought Sherlock was going to begin to interrogate Dinah on the deaths of her second and third husbands, he changed the subject and began to talk of her forthcoming European tour. Dinah responded by becoming quite animated, talking about the breath-taking illusions and spectacles she had planned although giving no secrets away. John thought that at last they were getting a glimpse of the real woman behind the poised façade. However, it seemed Sherlock was unable to stay on his best behaviour for long.
Sherlock had an answer for that “Write a list check it twice”
What was a date anyway? Something where two people who liked each other went out and fun.
Sherlock waited impatiently for the kettle to boil, the tea to brew and for John to fix his toast. He busied himself handing portions of banana to Rosie until finally John, seated and with a mug of tea in his hand looked up at him expectantly.
“So Inspector, I suggest you start by questioning whoever was in the building two days ago and had access to the control panel for the lights.”
Around eleven there was a knock on the door, Tony Aveling checking that he had everything he needed. Sherlock immediately said yes but then remembered that the man was a geography teacher and asked if he had a large-scale ordinance survey map of the area. Aveling did and after he had fetched it, spent a couple of hours describing the lay of the land, the roads and bridlepaths, the geographical features and what he knew of the Holderness estate.
“That’s where the supposed kidnapping comes in, it is nothing more than a scheme to extort a large sum of money from the Duchess, who frankly has more than she knows what to do with, that will address the Duke’s cash flow problems and provide for his other dependent. They arrange to remove Arthur from school at night and in secret. Lure him away with a letter, probably in the letter that supposedly came from his father the day he disappeared. This letter contains the information that his mother is in the neighbourhood and wishes to see him. Arthur despite his young age knows that his parents have separated, doesn’t want to upset his father but at the same time longs to see his mummy. No doubt creeping out in the middle of the night makes perfect sense to him. He’s not afraid, he knows the person who will take him to her very well.”
“But what will mother and Mr Windibank say?”
It wasn’t a Tuesday as far as he was aware, nor a Wednesday, and it certainly wasn’t as Sunday. (Crowley tended to take a professional interest in the whereabouts of Sundays). It was well past ten o’clock but nowhere near three in the afternoon, it wasn’t a bank holiday either. There was nothing on, no small miracle required in Rome or Istanbul, no signs or wonders to be performed in Lourdes or Guadeloupe, nothing to prevent Aziraphale from being safely accessible in his shop.
“If this is about having somewhere to stay the night, I’m sure Chris’s mum would put you up, she has the most enormous house that’s always full of waifs and strays,” John said, then added quietly, “and we still need to talk.”
There was something about being a housemaster at a boy’s boarding school that echoed John’s life in the army. Although he had classes of boys to teach rather than a company of medics to supervise there were many similarities, and he enjoyed the responsibility of caring and nurturing his charges. His rooms in the school were pleasant and a great improvement on his hostel bedsit. The meals in the school dining room were well cooked and nourishing. The jocularity of the staff room was not unlike the camaraderie of the officers’ mess. The daily discipline of mental exercise and outdoor pursuits established a welcome routine. John took to it like a duck to water.
“Extraordinary, quite extraordinary.”
“I felt it. You know what I mean.”
John thought as Sherlock continued. “Just a few drinks and nibbles, so she can meet your friends. How about tomorrow evening as neither of you are working.”
’ the heroine is forced by her wicked uncle to marry the Marquis of Doncaster when she is in love with the penniless schoolteacher in the next village and that had a very happy ending” She faltered “Though perhaps that is not such a good example as the Marquis is killed in duel the night before the wedding and his heir turns out to be his cousin…”
, as Crowley like to call it, when together they had taken on the forces of both heaven and hell and triumphed. He was not one for sentiment but at the same time, it saddened him to see Aziraphale fretting about the detective.
“You were right, I shouldn’t dismay,” Greg exuberance was causing him to shout, John held the phone away from his ear. “We’re on the move, the ferry is on its way and we’re going to get on it. I’ll let you know our plans once we’re on the mainland. Thanks, John you’re a mate, can you get hold of Dinah and let her know?”
Mycroft has hugely underestimated the depths of his sister’s madness. He could never have envisaged a crisis such as this.
John turned to face the man, who seemed vaguely familiar to him, ready to put up as much of as fight as he was able but before he had a chance, someone (
She’d bang their heads together if she thought it would do any good; that went for the Watsons too, did they not realise how precious family is? Mrs Holmes turns her mind to deal with her ever squabbling brood. She could wring their necks, the authors of those parenting books that had told her the best way to prevent sibling rivalry was to encourage her seven year old to help her look after the baby. The problem was he had taken her far too seriously and for far too long.
He pushed the door open and his warm feeling vanished like the morning dew. There in middle of the sitting room, dressed in skin-tight leggings and an oversized t-shirt was Sherlock, face flushed, hair held back with a sweat band and arm in arm with the odious Mr Fell, also red in the face and laughing, and they were engaged in some kind of tap-dance.
“And are you Dinah Elisabeth Shepherd free, lawfully, to marry William Sherlock Scott Holmes?
The conversation paused for a moment as John appeared to have an altercation, there was beeping in the background and a muffled apology.
But John is not Mummy, he does not snap ‘oh for heaven’s sake Sherlock’ or tell him to ‘stop that this instant’, instead he waits patiently for the blinking to stop. Which it does, when Sherlock begins to worry that he will permanently overstrain his orbicularis oculi and levator palpebrae superioris muscles.
“For sure ya are, didn’t Mrs H tell me so when I arrived, said you’d flown out of the house looking like the Wreck of the Hesperus. Still, I’m lacking a better offer I thought I might as well stay and wait for you,” She cajoles “You’ve no objections have you?”
All lives end. All hearts are broken.
“Come in Doctor, and advise this man to seek professional help.”
They head off together, John falling into step while his companion explains his method for rating restaurants. John loses the thread after door handles but doesn’t mind, he is just fascinating to listen to.
“No quite” The distant figure rises, straightening its collar and its hair “It would seem that I am not the only one who’s blind”
The Wedding - The Aftermath
Crowley shrugged; he had quite a high opinion of what human beings were capable of.
Sherlock also stood up. “Thank you for your assistance.”
“Just a friend.”
John kept early hours these days, the consequences of having a small child and a steady job, even if it was only part time.
Your landlady is still feisty, but you can tell she’s a little older and a little frailer than she was before.  Your tolerable Inspector is greyer and finally divorced, while your tame pathologist is surprisingly happier and has a boyfriend. True, your brother is as pompous as ever but even he can’t escape the ravages of time on his hairline.
She squeezed his arm, “You’ll see your John again, you’ll be together, I know it.”
University College Hospital - Accident and Emergency Department
"Happy Christmas everyone"
Aziraphale, who had temporarily gained the upper hand during Crowley’s fit of sneezing instantly became flustered again.
“We have known each other since we were little children, and I know his faults as no one else does; but he is too kind-hearted to even hurt a fly. Such a charge is absurd to anyone who really knows him.”
At Bart’s he toys with an experiment, crackling with kinetic energy and bouncing on the balls of his feet in a manner that even causes the usually unobservant Mike Stamford to wonder what’s up with the visiting chemist.
John smiled too, remembering the precise nature of that augmentation from Dinah’s glamour modelling days.
“Of course, I didn’t.”
The Duke shook his head, there was a glimmer of tears in his eyes.
As the wintry sun rose on a day that Richard Hilton-Cubitt would never see, John turned the car out of the drive to head for Baker Street, they had been away for less than nine hours.
Discovering with alarm his brother’s escalating dependence on his seven per cent solution.
Lestrade pointed to the lock in question “well, you’re not telling me that that’s not rust.”
Greg smiled and said, “Yes please.”
Edna Flugrath was a real person, an actress in the Silent Movies she played Mary Sutherland in the 1921 short film of A Case of Identity. I needed an unusual name and hers seemed a good choice.
The officer apparently recognised the names as he visibly relaxed and became quite confidential. “It’s a terrible business, murder suicide, it appears that the American husband shot Mr Cubitt and then turned the gun on himself, at least that’s what the Kings say. Richard Cubitt’s dead and the husband’s life is despaired of. They took him to Norwich a few minutes ago in the air ambulance.”
The lift was already occupied so John was forced to wait until they were in the taxi on their way back to Baker Street to ask Sherlock what he was playing at. Sherlock didn’t answer, instead, to John surprise he went into raptures about Dinah.
The damage is extensive, followed by a fever, which compounds the injury that finishes his career.
“’appy Bir’dy”
“You still think that she’ll write to you.”
Stir up, we beseech thee, O Lord, the wills of thy faithful people; that they, plenteously bringing forth the fruit of good works, may of thee be plenteously rewarded; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.
Mike, oblivious to the drama going on around him, introduces John. A phone is borrowed; inspired guesses at the soldier’s past are made, after which John is abruptly invited to view a flat share that evening.
Aziraphale demurred at Crowley’s advice on clothing  and refused all his suggestions.
“I think that was the problem,” Crowley replied, “I’m a demon, I am not supposed to mean well.”
Lestrade who had come to the conclusion this was burglary gone wrong is sceptical. “You mean this was a hit.”
“That sounds great, Mrs Hudson. What do you think, Sherlock?”
although what he said was, “I never guess.”
Sherlock sighed heavily, stood up and walked over to the door where he changed the sign to closed. He went back to the kitchenette and rummaged in the drawer until he found a notebook and a pencil which he handed to his companion.
At an Italian where the owner owes Sherlock a favour, the detective outlines a case while John conducts light, in the pattern that will last a lifetime.
“I won’t be back”
“You’ll burn yourself on the filling.”
“How could I not see that?” he asks out loud.
“The poisoned Turkish delight. She knew you would eat it.”
Dinah took the box, “Turkish delight, how bizarre.” She handed the card to Sherlock who read out loud, “To Mr and Mrs Holmes. No hard feelings, just soft centres, ‘G’.”
John turned and looked back at the Hotel Resplendent “Not the kind of place where two men might turn up without luggage at half past ten at night and book a room, even if I could afford one.”
“Your Grace, may I ask you a question that might appear in poor taste under the present circumstances?” Sherlock sounded positively obsequious.
If Aziraphale thought he had placated the demon with this comment, he was mistaken. Crowley’s mouth set in a grim, thin lipped smile, “I thought you had me to go about with?”
John began to get his breath back, but still he didn’t move, he inhaled deeply, taking the familiar smell of his friend, that he remembered so well from happier times.
“Why?”
Harry nodded, eyes furtively scanning the room for her intended prey.
“I’m tempted to hire a couple of lads from the village to hide in the shrubbery, and when this fellow comes again to give him such a hiding that he will leave us in peace for the future, although I wouldn’t want to get anyone in trouble.”
******
“Found this Sir, tucked inside a book on the bedside table, on what we think was Patrick’s side. Not sure what to make of it thought you might want to take a look.”
“Perhaps you might be able to join me. Shall we say six o’clock, 31 Lyon Place?”
Rosamund knew what was coming next.  She looked at the florist, Mr Fell, then at Antonia and finally at her nemesis, Mycroft Holmes and realised that Mary Morstan had reached the end of the road. She had enjoyed being Mary Morstan, she would have loved being Mary Watson, but no doubt she would come to like whoever she was to be next.
Mary seemed to recall.
“So what do you think? Is it ok for me and Rosie to stay at Baker Street?”
“And then I made the biggest mistake ever, I told Eddie that I wanted to get married, it must have been the way I said it, because he was made up, hugging me and kissing and saying he was so happy and then I had to tell him, tell him I meant to a girl but that it needn’t change anything that we could still be together and maybe he would find a nice obliging girl and we would be ok.
Antonia was waiting for her on the pavement outside, dressed for the office in a two-piece suit and four-inch heels, Mary wondered if she worked in the area, and then realised how little she knew about the woman, she didn’t even know her surname. She was slipping, domesticity was making her careless.
******
“Did…did you kiss me?”
Clara, feminist, intellectual and civil rights lawyer, has been Harry’s significant other for almost a year. Like all new lovers Harry has spent the last twelve months on her best behaviour and with a split personality. Clara has only met the charming funny Harry Two and has never been exposed to the chaotic hardened drinker that’s Harry One.
There was a heavy silence then until Sherlock took the opportunity to change the subject “You might be interested to know, Chris, that Mary is the daughter of Thomas Sutherland, of Sutherland & Co, on the Tottenham Court Road.”
Ignoring his royal stoutness he quickly climbs to the attic where he retrieves an ivory inlaid mahogany box (Italian, seventeenth century), before descending to the cellar.
“You heard my conversation with Mycroft?”
John didn’t need to study the letter for long, it began ‘Dearest Mary’ and both the ‘e’ and the ‘r’ clearly displayed the same defect as the letters on the page typed by Mary. As he continued reading, he spotted another similarity in the blurring of the letter ‘o’ and the ‘v’ was thicker on one side than on the other.
“We had an almighty row, he said he was sick of living a lie, and he went straight up and came right out to his folks.
Aziraphale could tell from the faintly scorched air about him, that the demon had been up to, or rather down to, no good in the hours since he had flown out of the florist shop in Soho. This did not surprise the angel, what did surprise him, was that Crowley and Mycroft Holmes obviously knew each already, and very well indeed.
“It appears he made a run for it, but he won’t get far.” Sherlock turned to look out of the window, at the blackening sky and driving rain. “Let’s hope he comes to his senses and turns himself in, I don’t fancy his chances out on the moors in this. Ah! This looks like the police now!”
Over the past six millennia Crowley had become rather fond of his angel. They had worked together on more projects than he could remember, though nothing could compare to
"Any emails or texts?"
“Got your key?”
“I will, however, require a full report on your return.”
It was a bad move on Sherlock’s part as seeing that he was distracted, Dinah slipped from under him and grabbed a hypodermic syringe from where it lay abandoned on the bedside table.
“Physiologically impossible for a mammal such as a Rangifer tarandus to aviate”
The line is dreadful, in these days of modern technology, John thinks, they could do something about the static.
Steve was quick to answer, “Roy, the gamekeeper, Pete, his assistant, Rogers, the agent, His Grace, although… if he goes out in it, it tends to be Mr Wilder who drives.”
It turned out it was his luck that ran out. After several miles but before they reached Mackleton, the pickup made a sharp left turn, suddenly and without warning causing the front of John’s bicycle to clip the side of the truck, and for John to let go, needing both hands to steady himself, the wheel completely buckled. Ahead of him the vehicle stopped abruptly, and the young man John had seen earlier jumped down and walked towards him.
May 2002, at Old Marylebone Town Hall, London, between Mr James Windibank of Westminster, London and Mrs Mary Sutherland (nee Temple) of Camden, London.
“Dinah loves you; it's you she's marrying. The snow won’t last for ever, it’s due to start thawing tomorrow, if you could just get to Aberdeen on time you could make it.
“Which is why he headed off onto the moor.” Steve said.
“I’ll pop into Baker Street. Who knows… jump out of a cake?”
“Must dash.” Crowley announced draining his glass and standing up quickly.
The soldier ignored him and urged Miss Sutherland to continue.
“Mr and Dr Nicoll?”
John did not have a mind palace, but, despite what Sherlock had like to infer, neither was he a complete idiot. As his mind grew clearer, he began to list what he thought he could know.
The problem was that Sam was Mother Christmas. She’s started on about it the moment she came back to work from her holidays and her enthusiasm for the season was unabated. She’d had her tree up at home since the First of November and had bought and wrapped all her presents weeks ago. The difficulty with having peaked so soon, she had nothing left to look forward to besides pestering the other staff, the patients and anyone who stepped into her line of fire about their Christmas arrangements.
Harry’s on a roll, employing the same wheedling voice she’s used to get her own way ever since she was six. John will do anything to make her stop.
And soft centres… was just wrong. You might say that about a box of chocolates, but not rose and lemon Turkish Delight. In fact, the entire message bothered John…
“There is a certain taste to it,” Stamford is used to Sherlock’s random interrogations by now, “Unlike many poisons, sweet not bitter.”
“Doesn’t give me much time,” Sherlock said, thinking again that the mystery of Ralph Fell, was much more interesting than the case.
After they had eaten, Sherlock made them tea and brought it through to John’s sitting room.
“Ten to five. Early still.”
“The possibility occurred to me; I knew that Sutherland & Co on the Tottenham Court Road was a literary landmark. What I deduced about Chris was that he is quite a simple old-fashioned boy, mad about books, who, as he grew up around London, would be bound to know the establishment. Whereas Mary is an old-fashioned girl who just wants to settle down with a nice boy she can relate to. They’ll write to each other while he’s way and if anything comes of it, then all well and good, and if the Windibanks try to interfere, then Ruth Taylor will be more than a match for them.”
“Ailurophobia, fear of cats.”
Somehow, they got through the morning, Sherlock hogged their bathroom for one of his epic showers, so Rosie used Mrs Hudson’s downstairs. Mrs Turner came over and coaxed Rosie’s fine curls into a little top knot and added two pretty slides. Finally, they were ready, Mrs Hudson in a magnificent hat not unlike the one she had worn to his wedding, John seemed to remember and Rosie in her best dress which thankfully still fitted her.
John looked at the younger man, “he seems rather inappropriate for a fiancé.”
Sherlock nodded and accepted a large helping and a mug of coffee gratefully. He had a long night ahead.
There was a long pause as John appeared to struggled for words. Finally, he appeared to have decided on what to say next.
They were silent again then, as they contemplated just how treacherous the moors could be on a winter night, even to those who knew them well.
From what he could tell she’d managed a fair amount of the rice and the carrot, her juice cup was empty too, quite an achievement for one not very happy little girl. Though he’d need to put a load on to wash before the night was out, and write a note for the child minder about the teething, once she’d gone down for the night, but firstly to get madam into a warm bath.
“When I was still a boy, I made a vow to devote myself to science, to reason, and I put away all matters that did not conform to the cold hard logic I had dedicated my life and my mind to.  You see I had a gift, a very special gift, not merely to see but to observe. So, when I looked at someone, I could tell everything about them. I could tell by a woman’s wedding ring that she was a serial adulterer, or by the state of her knees that she had spent the night with a married man. People took against me, but I cared nothing for it, for as my brother had told me, caring was not an advantage.
After John had gone upstairs, Sherlock relocated to the couch, stretching full out in the warm space recently vacated by John. The fabric retained the comforting smell of his friend, wool, antiseptic, shampoo, and Sherlock wondered for how long these traces would remain after John moved out again, then Sherlock told himself off for being maudlin. It was Birmingham, ninety minutes away by train, it only seemed like the other side of the world.
Later that evening, as the two men sat in the peaceable comfort of the flat, after the Chinese had been consumed to John’s satisfaction and Rosie had gone down for the night Sherlock once again saw the uneasy expression on his flatmate’s face. Whatever had been bothering him at the weekend appeared to still be on his mind. There had been a brief moment, when they were both at their most broken, where John had reached out to him and Sherlock had been able to offer some sort of comfort, may he could do that again.
Crowley took the compliments in his stride. “That’s the problem, Sherlock and I, we’re too alike, we know the type he goes for, opposites attract, you’ll have to do it.”
“It was, it was.” Aziraphale protested but there was something wistful in his tone that was evident to someone who had known him for over six thousand years. Crowley stayed quiet, knowing that the angel would eventually speak.
“What time is it?”
The thought makes him anxious; he burrows into John’s arms. John sensing agitation whispers into the shell of Sherlock’s ear
“It begins with my brother Alexander, he was ten years younger than me, and born after considerable heartache on behalf of my parents, as a result he was indulged in every way, by them and by me. He was completely fearless and totally irresponsible, but he was funny and charming, and everyone loved him.” The Duke swallowed audibly and then went on.
“You never have forgiven me for that, have you?”
“Only I know you know how, Mrs H let it slip once, that you did it a lot when you were younger…”
John rises to the challenge and does his bit.
Steve laughed, “Just when I was starting to think you knew everything.”
Coming up for air, John whispered. "I do love you, you know Sherlock Holmes”
(See the end of the chapter for
John had made a couple of rough sketches and thought his ideas could work. Pleased with himself, he went to talk to the builders.
“What advantage did your moral code grant you? Is it not, in the end, selfish to keep one’s hands clean at the expense of another’s life?”
“I think that it is very probable.”
Sherlock wrapped the throw tighter around his shoulders and stuck his cold feet under the blankets where John indicated.
Bumble is a women-led dating app and a gift to the 221B ficlet writer!
“But have you? Ever given him the slightest bit of encouragement even?”
"I think you should go upstairs… Go on, I’ll watch Rosie, go up and take a look at the second floor.”
“What are you up to? And why didn’t you tell me who you were visiting?”
It should be easy to add another bedroom with an en suite, and eventually, if things turned out the way he planned, his room could be turned into a sitting room for Rosie when she was older, and needed her own territory.
“Well how was I to know that he does without sleep when he is on a case?” Aziraphale protested.
The sound of their chatter, or possibly the sound of the kettle had drawn Sherlock from his lair. He appeared in the kitchen, just as the tea was poured.
Even the bookshop was off limits as it was still full of blasted flowers that refused to die although Crowley did his utmost to intimidate them.
During Dr Huxtable’s speech, Sherlock had been busy on his phone, and he now read aloud from the Wikipedia entry.
“She’d never let us.”
“Fell in,” Sherlock concluded after Lestrade related the details of the man picked out of the river by the Thames Barrier the night before, “where’s the mystery in that? Stop wasting my time.”
They spent a pleasant hour decorating the tree, or rather Sherlock did. Rosie was more hindrance than help and John’s bauble placement was not up to Sherlock’s exacting standards, but he did manage to get the lights working. Looking on to marvel at Sherlock’s infinite patience with Rosie he remembered the baubles he had bought at the fair, a silver S for Sherlock, a red R for Rosie and a gold J for himself. He gave these to Sherlock to add to the tree and then put out the holly and rather as an afterthought split the mistletoe into bunches and hung them from the doorways and the light fittings.
“It will be my privilege.”
On their entrance Sherlock had briefly looked up, he smiled at John and said, “What kept you?”
Miss Sutherland wiped her eyes again and brightened up considerably, “if you think it will help. Well you were correct in saying I am a typist, and home educated. My father is dead, he died five years ago, he was rather older than my mother, and quite set in his ways. He had a business on the Tottenham Court Road, and we lived over the shop, Mother was his secretary before she married and it was she who taught me to type. Daddy never got on with the new computers and although the staff in his office used them, he liked me to type his letters for him on my machine.
“Apparently?”
“My father never got over Alex’s death and within six months he had the stroke that killed him. I have always regretted not telling him about Alex’s son. Once I was living on the estate I decided to do what I could for the boy, Hayes had made a poor show of running the Fighting Cock, and couldn’t make it pay, so I let them move into the Lodge, that was when the rumours concerning James were confirmed.
“After a fashion.” Sherlock replied not moving his eyes from the screen in front of him.
“Yes. Sorry, hang on”
Six-thirty on a Thursday night, time to Zumba!
“What is it then?”
??/?E?E/??E/????E?
NEVER
Sherlock was plying this unusual trade from a cabin on the sea front at Wilvercombe, one of those anonymous resorts dotted along the south coast of England that had once enjoyed a high level of popularity amongst the British middle classes but had sunk into irreversible decline with coming of the package holiday. The cabin’s regular clairvoyant, the original
“Thanks, Mrs H,” he said, vacating the chair next to Sherlock’s bed, so that Mrs Hudson could sit down.
“I would imagine so.”
“Well, that’s the theory”
Aziraphale’s lips pursed into a tight line before he spoke again. “Who was treated to a timely reminder as to just what an awful patient Sherlock is once he is on the mend, and who made his excuses and went scuttling back to his fiancée as soon as he could.”
Lestrade stopped walking abruptly and spun on his heel, eyes scanning the sky.
“The two children grew up as brother and sister, which in fact they were, but no one suspected. Then old Cloete got it into his head that they should marry. Motivated by money, no doubt; Baker had done so well with his big house and landed estate while he was still a tenant farmer. Jack knew he was unwell, and was afraid that if he died, Alice would turn to Paul for comfort and the relationship would become romantic, particularly with his father so keen on the idea, they might find it convenient if nothing else.
“How can you possibly know all that?”
******
“Eight o’clock then, 221b.”
Harry makes an early start with a couple of pints at the Village before moving on to the Jester and the vodka. At the Queen’s Arms she bumps into Jules and Helen and some of their mates who take an easily persuaded Harry to a new place up west.
“Hay fever.”  Antonia sniffed her reply, “Blasted flowers.”
At last Monsieur Henri appeared to be finished and told John he could stand down, just as he heard Dinah clearly say. “Now Sherlock Holmes, I like you, but it wouldn’t do to tell you all my secrets would it?”
“I never knew it could be this way.”
It was fair to say that since that appalling episode during Sherlock’s ordeal in Sherringford the detective had treated Molly with a mixture of respect and wariness. They had had a managed a rather stilted conversation regarding the exact circumstances of the telephone call, Molly had behaved with great dignity and had empathised with Sherlock’s dilemma. She had been hurt, that was true, but both Greg Lestrade and surprisingly Mycroft had helped her to put the situation into perspective. The arrival on the scene of Stefan shortly afterwards had also contributed to the healing process.
“I have nothing against him, but seeing that you seem to know already I admit I wasn't best pleased, when mother married again so soon after father's death, and a man who was nearly fifteen years younger than herself. We all lived together in a house on the Tottenham Court Road, but when Aunty died two years ago we moved to her house in Lyon Place, as mother and Mr Windibank said it was a far superior address and it was more convenient for me for my work.
Mycroft looked at John, took a sip of his whisky, pulled a face and said, “Exceptionally mild for the time of year.”
“You Holmes! You know how to take the fun out of everything. Its tradition, when I was a girl all us children would gather round the pudding bowl and take a turn, before Ma put the charms in.
Ralph Fell spotted John first and had the nerve to beckon him in. Sherlock killed the music and the temperature in the room dropped by about thirty degrees. John started to make his excuses and back out of the room but again Sherlock allowed his visitor to do the talking.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then I will start my investigation immediately, perhaps Dr Huxtable you might ask a member of your staff to direct me to the missing master’s room.”
John doesn’t have the energy to laugh. Instead he stares at the sky, watching it change from grey, to mauve, to pink and remembers a pair of silvery green eyes, a purple shirt and a rosebud mouth. John knows that he’s a romantic, and will almost certainly be disappointed but keeping the dream alive, somehow keeps him going.
Crowley changed back into his human form but kept the scales; they were handy if he needed to make a point more forcefully.
From:
“However, unlike her previous husbands I was on my guard, and she did not allow for the wall mirror in which I was watching her, so I was able to anticipate her move… Ah here are the police now. Let’s leave them to it.”
John hadn’t forgotten the bloke on the tube but now he couldn’t understand how he had ever mistaken him for Sherlock, they weren’t in the same league. His musings were interrupted by the return of Sherlock, more conventionally attired in his suit trousers and a white shirt. John sloughed off his jacket and jumper and went to join Sherlock on the ‘dance floor’.
“Yep, you’re right, that narrows it down abit, and if there’s a body out in the open up on the moors the carrion birds will find it even if we don’t.”
“Ok, let’s take a break.” He walked over to the table and poured a glass of water for himself and another one for John.
“I’ll tell you but you’re not going to like it…
Eventually, John stifled a yawn, he’d not had much sleep the night before, and Mary said she really thought she must be going.
He was also considerably more aware of his surroundings, he still was encompassed in complete darkness, but he knew instinctively that he was not blind, but rather in a place so deep that no light penetrated it. A cellar? Or more likely a cave.
The uneasy truce between the brothers that had enabled them to work together during the events leading up to and during the Sherringford ordeal had not last long after its conclusion. It had vanished the instant Mycroft had recovered his equilibrium.
“Look!” Danny shouted, pointing a few yards behind them, to the hedge that ran alongside the road, where on the other side, caught and mostly obscured by the branches, was a mountain bike.
or even a name such as
“No worries” Sherlock answers “we still have time”
“I am aware, he has just left Scotland Yard. I anticipate his arrival within the next seven minutes, allowing for the road works on the Charing Cross Road.”
Aziraphale ignored his fiend and carried on, “thirdly, an impromptu dip in the icy Thames, he was lucky not to drown or get hyperthermia… and fourthly, what he did get, which was pneumonia.”
On the tube journey into Soho, Mary, ever watchful, allowed her mind to wander just a little. It seemed incongruous that she of all people should be engaged in something so utterly domestic as picking flowers for a wedding. She had never imagined that she could grow old, settle down, come to terms with the past and stop running.
“South African.” Sherlock replied and turned his eyes back to his screen.
“Please Johnny, you know you’ll enjoy it when you get there, shake your tail feather a bit, show the boys what they’ll be missing.”
The thought wouldn’t go away. He had to do something, make a change, break the mould before he went stark staring mad. Then an idea came to him, tomorrow, he would pack a bag for Rosie, enough to keep her clean and fed and occupied and they would spend the day at Baker Street. Mrs Hudson had said he was always welcome, he would take her up on that and if Sherlock was there that would be a bonus. Mrs Hudson had said he had a case on, perhaps he could help.
when she fell asleep.
“No Sir” the jobsworth replied.
“It may come to nothing,” Molly replied, moving close enough to him to link her arm in his, “But I might just have given Sherlock something more than a six fingered hand as a Christmas present.”
The subject of his anger, a thirty something world’s only consulting detective and drug addict. The cause, the folded slip of paper containing the list of the concoction said detective had consumed before leaving terra firma. Strong enough to kill an ox.
“John, I can think of at least twenty-five boys names in the English language that begin with G, which means I will get it right on average four percent of the time”
“You’re lying, I think you know who she is, even if you don’t know the name, she’s using now… do you recognise this description… late thirties, romantic, tattoo, appendix scar, not a natural blonde…?”
Slightly overcome yet again, John stumbled out his thanks.
Sherlock instinctively took a step back, unable to speak except to repeat, “Don’t go to Afghanistan.”
Prompt to the second, Sherlock appears and greets John warmly but without any display of affection. John is not disappointed.
It was another sleepless night made worse by a full moon, a harvest moon his mother would have called it, although its appearance was a little incongruous for November, full and low and round, bright in the night sky and creeping round the edges of the curtains where they didn’t quite meet in the middle. John gave up trying to get comfortable and got out of bed to make himself a drink and to try to draw the curtains a little tighter.  He stood for a moment and looked out across the quad, admiring the old grey stone walls of the original priory made iridescent in the moonlight when his eyes informed his brain that a small boy was climbing down the ivy on the opposite wall.
Sherlock paused; no-one had ever asked him what it was like to be constantly bombarded with information. How it overwhelmed his senses at times to the extent he had to close down for hours just to catalogue and file everything away. How he had to delete great swathes of facts just to cope with the load. He looked at John again in a new light.
“Quiet”
Freddie greeted Sherlock warmly, this being the first time that their paths had crossed since The Fall. They spent a pleasant afternoon together reminiscing over old times while Sherlock outlined the details of his present investigation and Freddie gave his opinion on the most likely way the theft had been carried out.
“That you never run away from danger you always run towards it… You didn’t hesitate for one second to put your own life on the line to ensure the safety of Arthur.”
“Mostly the bicycles belong to either a boy or a member of staff, but there are a few here that have been left behind when their owners moved on and anyone uses them. Dr Watson had his own, a rather smart mountain bike, I was rather jealous.”
“If you say so dear” She turned back to her mixing bowl and sighed “If I get everything I need to do today done, it will be a miracle”
John made himself another cup of tea, there was no signs of life from Sherlock’s room and he had parked Rosie in front of ‘Peppa Pig’ on the television just so he could get on with his Tesco order unmolested. As he went through his list, he could hardly believe that it was only a week since he had been ordering vol-au-vents for their impromptu party, so much had happened in the last seven days.
“So we have been married now just coming up to a year, and I can honestly say I have never been happier. But about a month ago Patrick received a letter from America. I saw the American stamp, we get so few actual letters these days, everything is electronic. Well, he turned deadly white, read the letter, and threw it into the ﬁre. He hasn’t mentioned it since and neither have I, I’m a man of my word and a promise is a promise; but he hasn’t known a moment’s peace since then. It’s like a cloud has entered his sky, and he’s waiting for the storm to burst. I so wish he would trust me, he would find me his best friend, but until he speaks I can do nothing.”
The Bentley braked suddenly causing both Sherlock and Aziraphale to lurch forward; when he had recovered, Sherlock continued.
“But you’re not gay!”
Saturday morning once again found the sitting room rug rolled up and the chairs pushed back, and Mrs Hudson’s iPod brought into play as Ralph Fell attempted to teach Sherlock his favourite (only) dance.
“I was stood up” was Aziraphale’s sad confession
As for Sherlock, he hardly knew where he was or what he was doing. He managed to reach his flat before he collapsed, falling full length on the couch again; John’s words echoing round and round his head. Did he say what he meant? Did he mean what he said? Did he mean to say what he said? Did even know what he’d said?
“I thought you didn’t believe in fortune telling.”
“You can hardly call yourself a consultant if nobody consults you” Mycroft caves “Very well, I’ll see if Detective Inspector Lestrade will condescend, but you must leave off the Blow”
John turned the laptop so Sherlock could see the picture of grey haired man in his early sixties captioned as Rev. Abraham Garvey. “There’s a link to his church website,”
“Good you’re up.” John said, stating the obvious and plonking a cup of tea in front of Sherlock, “I need your help.”
More silence.
“I really don’t John, that’s why I am asking.”
John answered him, “If I fill this room with gold then the Queen will make me her husband which frankly, I would rather not be. But if I leave the room full of straw, then she will have me killed. So, you see, I am damned if I do and I am damned if I don’t!”
“You never go to the cinema… oh but Mary, you’d love it. My friend Penny and I go almost every Thursday you must come with us. Let me give you my card.” She rummaged in her purse, “I had these printed when I moved here, and hardly ever give them out.”
