A short while later, she arrives with a tray and invites them to sit at the dining room table. The tea is loose leaf Darjeeling, the milk organic, and there are three different kinds of biscuits, all artisan things from a farmer’s market or the high-price shelf of the supermarket. They look tempting, though.
“Yes, we are. And I’m fucking glad about it. Perhaps if things had been different, if our aspirations or whatnot had been different, we’d still be together. There was a phase when we didn’t have much contact, but somehow, we grew closer again, and instead of trying a relationship once again, we tried the friendship thing, and it worked.”
Sherlock frowns. “Because your wife and you asked us to come. Reluctantly in your case, I am sure. Why? Is there anything you’d like to tell me about your daughter’s disappearance? You know, in a good percentage of cases of disappearing children, a family member is behind it.”
As Sherlock utters this, a thought strikes him. Carefully, he picks up the message and holds it up against the light of the spartan ceiling lamp. The outlines of the letters obscured by the runny ink can very faintly be seen. They appear to have been forming a longer word, as well as a few others behind it, one apparently containing a dot. Sherlock frowns, tilting the message this way and that, watching the light play over the rugged surface of the paper. Very faintly, he thinks he can see the imprints and scratches of the nib of Jennifer’s pen which seems to have been damaged slightly.
“What? Who else?”
“You did it on purpose, didn’t you, to prove you’re still able to keep up with the more daring cyclists, not taking into account that most of them ride the pass daily and know each bend and dangerous curve by heart.”
Sherlock hesitates. His lips narrow as he considers his reply. “Because I needed to think. It was preferable to other options that would inevitably show up in drug tests and lead to my disqualification in this race.”
John leaned further over the edge of the bed and withdrew what he hoped was the garment in question and not some nasty animal part. It looked rather worse for wear. Dust mice had settled on it, and the cuff of one sleeve was frayed as if someone – a certain someone, John was sure – had cut or pulled fibres out of it. The loose ends looked like they had been singed. There were yellow stains likely caused by nitric acid, too.
Sherlock inclines his head, blushes a little. “More than okay, in fact.” He laughs softly. “I never thought I’d say this. Until recently, I never wanted a romantic or sexual partner of any kind. What happened with Victor seemed to confirm my opinion that I was better off without a significant other. There are moments when I still can’t believe my luck, when I feel totally out of my depth with all this.” He indicates the two of them. “But then you’re so patient and accommodating – not to mention utterly delicious at times. I feel ready now to explore this relationship thing further with you, and I’m surprisingly excited about it.”
“I wouldn’t bet on that,” returns Sherlock. “I’m not the only one who’ll put up a fight tomorrow. There are several others to be reckoned with, as you said. Wilkes and Moriarty himself foremost. He’s a good time trialist, and he’ll try to hold onto yellow at all costs. Since he’s going to start last with all our times as guidance, he’s going to have a big advantage.”
Sherlock smirked. “There’s hope for your avid readership, then. I’m sure the literary quality of your blog will greatly improve after this experience.”
“That’s true,” admitted Sherlock, squeezing his hand gently. “But back at university, I really didn’t know. Before Victor, nobody had ever shown any romantic interest in me at all. His signals were all confused, and therefore confusing. And then we fell out, and all my attempts at restoring our friendship were repelled. I got the impression he hated me. So to reiterate my question, why, after all this time, would he be upset?”
Sherlock usually enjoys these nightly rides, particularly when like tonight the moon is already strong enough to illuminate the road. The countryside takes on an eerie silence one never finds in London, and the darkened houses scattered along the roads add to the atmosphere of being caught in a strange, quiet world devoid of people. It’s difficult to imagine that only fifty miles away bustling London is recovering from yet another air raid, the flames and explosions of which one can see even from Bletchley, a remote display of deadly fireworks, or that all over the world war is raging with fierce brutality.
“Yes, do you know him?”
Soon after, John has joined Sherlock in bed. Both have brushed their teeth and changed into their sleepwear, which consists of t-shirts and pants because it’s a warm night. Sherlock is still doing something on his laptop, and so John entertains himself with snuggling up to him, scrolling through his social media feed on his phone, his head on his shoulder with one of Sherlock’s hands idly stroking his back. It’s soothing and very comfortable, in a non-sexual way. Drowsiness descends on John. Sherlock appears to be watching some video, but John is too tired to pay attention to it.
“Well, good for you,” had been John’s curt reply. Sherlock had begun to smile ever so slightly, which in turn had only annoyed John more.
John couldn’t hide a grin. “Sherlock, there is no ‘right’ or ‘wrong’ here. And the ... er ... tongue application was fine. We can definitely try some more of that next time, if you’re willing. Your technique has definitely improved from our first attempt.”
With a frustrated sigh, Sherlock sinks into his chair, feeling the notebook containing Jennifer Wilson’s cypher in his pocket like a heavy stone. He should be looking into that matter, instead of going over a message the settings of which have hopefully already been decrypted. So much for working efficiently in this place.
John clicked through the site to the ‘about’ section where he found a photograph of a smiling couple amidst a group of tea pickers, with the rolling green hills of a tea plantation in the background. The man he was looking for was handsome indeed in a boyish, jovial sort of way. He was tall and rather slender for someone who’d been rowing at college, with curly, dark-blond hair that was already receding slightly from his forehead. Despite that, he looked younger than late thirties, but John reckoned that he was the kind of type that would retain their youthful looks up into their fifties or sixties. He could very well imagine how Victor would have been popular at uni, both with his rowing mates and the ladies. Even in the picture he exuded the kind of easy charm and camaraderie that people felt drawn to. He looked a bit public school, too, his clothes casual and appropriate for the warm, humid clime, but well-tailored and fashioned of expensive fabrics nonetheless. He had his arm round a rather fierce and intense looking brown-skinned woman with a buzz-cut, who, unlike the tea pickers, wasn’t wearing a sari but a brightly coloured tunic and wide trousers. Her fingernails were glowing turquoise. She reminded John of Nikhita Vathijanathar, the Met’s recently acquired forensic expert who he’d liked instantly for her non-nonsense attitude, her professionalism and most of all her wild and unashamed fangirling over both Star Trek and football.
Sherlock lets his hand slide down to the slender wrist. He encounters a small bracelet there with a few pendants dangling from it. No pulse, though. No rigor mortis anymore, either, he notices when he checks the finger joints. So whoever she is, she must have been dead for more than thirty-six hours.
Sherlock takes a sip from his bottle and smiles grimly. “Well, isn’t it said that the yellow jersey gives you wings?”
John whistles. “Impressive. Do you know the entire road map of England by heart?”
“Has anybody else been hurt?” Sherlock hears John enquire. The women shake their heads.
Slowly, he shook them out onto his lap. There was a plain letter-sized sheet of cream-coloured, heavy writing paper, watermarked, once folded. Inside it lay two photographs. John reached for the papers while Sherlock picked up the envelope again for another look.
Sherlock caught his drift. Colour crept up his cheeks. “Oh, never mind that. Just ignore it. It’s fine.”
John stared at him as he sat in his ridiculous coat with his naked legs and feet poking out from under it, his expression serious on his flushed face under a mop of unruly curls, and burst out laughing. Immediately, Sherlock glared at him.
“Do you know who these blokes are, Greg, and who they are working for?” he asks, forestalling Sherlock enquiring the same.
John smiled as well. “Well, one seems to have a certain appeal.”
“Kensington ‘igh Street. Turned right there and ‘eaded west. Out of town, I’d say.”
While reverently stroking the soft skin and the little curls of hair, Sherlock’s fingers still suddenly. There is something else here, something that doesn’t belong. A small rise, like a pimple or an insect sting. Sherlock’s mind barely registers it, half-addled by emotion as it is – who would have known that kissing was that distracting? But something is there. He runs his fingers over it again, curiosity and a faint stab of worry winning over sensual indulgence.
“I’m John. I’m with the organisers and we’re trying to look after the artists a bit, see if they need anything, and prevent people from accosting them during breaks. We’re only a small town here, but we’d like to make you feel as comfortable as you would at a more exclusive venue, you see. It’s a real honour having stars like yourself and Mr. Moriarty and his Fix-Its perform here tonight.”
With that, Sherlock had turned away from the microphones and cameras and escaped into the shelter of the team cars to fetch his bike.
shoots through John’s mind.
Mycroft gazes at him with a strange expression. “Interesting,” he says thoughtfully. “I’ll look into the matter. But don’t tell anybody else yet, okay?”
“I see. So I guess my nice winter socks ended up in one of your experiments because you needed woollen fibres or what?”
Churchill’s speech outside the mansion is witnessed by a large crowd. He is brief and to the point, thanking everybody for their hard and vital work, and promises improvements in the form of more staff and resources. Laughter echoes through the Park when he calls the people at Bletchley Park his geese who lay golden eggs. “Make no mistake,” he addresses them around his cigar, glaring beadily at the assembly from under the brim of his bowler hat, “you are serving at the forefront of battle. You may not get shot at, but what you are doing here is as important as the work of any soldier or sailor or airman – if not more. You brave people here can win us the war, and I am sure you will, if you continue with your good work, and if you maintain the secrecy of this remarkable place. This is the most important bit: tell no one, lest the information reaches the enemy. Spies are everywhere, even in our very midst, as recent developments in London show. But heroes can be found in the unlikeliest places, too. Not a week ago, a brave member of this community defended Bletchley’s secrets with her life while leading others onto the trail of a damned traitor. Her name was Jennifer Wilson. Due to the nature of her work, her true contribution to national security can’t ever be acknowledged publicly. But you people here, know that she did you proud. That she did England proud. Let her be an example to each and every one of you, man and woman alike, of what sacrifice your service to your King and Country may require, and may you be as brave and resourceful as Miss Wilson when your time comes. You are the foremost line of defence of our proud nation, even if you work in the shadows. If you fail, England will fall. The Free World will fall and the darkness of Fascism will overtake us and sweep us away. Never forget that. And never allow it to happen.”
“Harrow.”
John shrugged. “They’re proposals for the new sculpture out on Trafalgar Square. Not sure which one I prefer. They’re all a bit … well … modern. I’ve rather gotten used to the blue cock out there by now.”
“How so? Had she heard of him?”
John halted, standing close to the wall. He couldn’t look inside the kitchen, but he was able to hear the creak of a door, likely the back door shrouded in mosquito netting which led out into the garden. Faintly, he felt a draught of cold air, and smelled rain, wet earth and grass.
Sherlock observes him as Hope picks up the remaining bottle and unscrews it, letting the pill slide into his hand while getting to his feet.
Sherlock lets out a shaky breath, nods. As with the solution of a difficult case, he feels the heady rush of the last pieces falling into place. His head is spinning and his stomach roiling, his legs are threatening to give out.
Sherlock grinned. “Ask me another time. Hello, Susan.”
“One of Miss Hooper’s friends,” he informs Lestrade. “Speaking of her, why don’t you go and ask her for a dance,” suggests Sherlock. “She has been standing by herself nursing her drink for a while now, and could do with the attention. Moreover, that way you can talk to her quietly and inconspicuously. They are playing rather slow pieces at the moment, meaning you won’t get out of breath too easily.”
“Fuck this,” he tells Sherlock’s unmade bed as he leaves the room. In the lift, another thought strikes him and makes his stomach knot once again. What if tonight they won’t be roommates again? What if this was just for London. Tonight they’re going to be staying in Dunkirk, over in France. What if Sherlock complained and got himself a single room? Greg suggested it could be arranged.
John snorts. “You’re teasing me, aren’t you?”
John only grunted, patted Sherlock's hand once, and soon after, thankfully, sleep took him.
It took some effort to tear his eyes away from John’s. Sherlock leaned back in his seat and took a deep breath. “The hidden compartments full of contraband from the continent, obviously. Mr. Northam was running a successful smuggling operation in his little shop, no doubt fuelling the black market hereabouts with goods from France and elsewhere. Mostly luxury items hard to come by after years of wartime shortages and rationing. It’s highly probable that by doing so, he ran foul of some of the local gangs, operating under their radar for a while until they got wind of his enterprise. Somebody waited for him at his place, knowing that he would return soon after the bombing to fetch what had survived of his goods – somebody fond of American chocolate. Several Hershey’s wrappers had accumulated in a dark corner behind the entryway to what remained of the back-room. Seriously, how can you not have seen them? They reflected the light of your torch, Lestrade. Someone had been standing there for a while, eating chocolate from the stock.”
Stepping closer to the tanks, he peered through the glass. Some contained corals and an assortment of reef-dwelling sea-creatures of the mollusk persuasion, while others housed what looked like tropical water plants. In a corner, several empty tanks were stacked inside one another, together with filters and heating equipment, fertiliser and fish food, small nets and containers for transporting and mailing specimens.
“So you just … stopped getting aroused,” John wondered.
– my apologies to all whom I've kept waiting for an update while writing
Sherlock shrugs as he draws the towel around him again like a cloak. “Another peace offering, it would appear. I wouldn’t be surprised if I received an invitation to the party his team is undoubtedly going to throw this evening.”
“But if I offended you, or ...,” Sherlock swallows, “or took advantage of you, I’m sorry for that. It wasn’t my intention.”
His hand, he realises, has found its way into John’s and is grasping it tightly. John’s grip is equally tight. He is taut as a bowstring. Neither of them seems able to move, frozen in fright. They have, however, moved close enough so that their sides are touching. It’s a small comfort. Not even when he stood on the roof of Barts Hospital ready to leap has Sherlock ever been so scared. It’s a different kind of fear, though. It’s deeper, more ... basic. John’s earlier words described it well. It’s not as defined as the terror he felt at Barts, fearing for John’s life and that of his friends and knowing that once he’d leapt, nothing would ever be the same again. It’s more like a child’s fear of the dark or imagined creatures under the bed, the fear of something lurking, ever present, an unknown, undefined dread. The fear of fear itself. He’s not scared that whatever is standing behind the door might harm John or him. Somehow, he gets the impression it’s quite ... benign, really. What kind of evil creature exchanges black socks for
“We’ll see,” says Sherlock smugly, holding out his bare arms for John to apply the sun protection. John does so deftly, delighting in being allowed to touch Sherlock. He coats the other’s arms and nape liberally, then daps sun-cream on his nose and cheekbones which makes Sherlock laugh.
“Apparently yes.” Sherlock smiles as well, his features soft in the gloom.
“Right. The man Mrs. Matthews knocked out in self-defence is a wanted criminal. It’s unfortunate that he was killed, because we were hoping to hear his statement in another case. Excuse me.” With that, Sherlock begins to force his way through the broken hedge and climb down the bank, silently cursing his leg. The policemen spot him and come over, waving at him to not approach further. Behind them, the Shires have begun to drag the car out of the field.
“I did apologise, didn’t I? I didn’t mean to upset him.”
Everybody expects the GC riders to show their mettle today and attack on the last climb. Most of them were reluctant to reveal their strategy during the press barrage at the start. Reporters concentrated on Wilkes, Ricoletti, Moriarty, Magnussen and Baskerville, although Sherlock and particularly Kit were also approached. The young Australian has become something of a media favourite, both because he’s been doing so well during his first Tour de France, and because of his affable, cheerful personality. Given his minimal lead in the young rider qualification, Kit will have to attack or at least counter attacks from his competitors today or risk losing it. His closest rival, a French rider from Team Carrefour, initiated the breakaway. Winning the stage holds a time bonus of ten seconds, a crucial amount in this classification as things stand.
“Even if we could, I doubt I’d manage much dancing tonight,” says Sherlock. “Despite yearning to dance with you as well.”
“Well, not know, precisely. I met her at company parties. And yes, all right, sometimes I stalk her on Facebook.”
“I should like to see the crime-scene ...– I mean the stables the foal disappeared from – right away,” announced Sherlock. “If you don’t mind,” he added with an afterthought and John smiled slightly to himself. Sherlock had switched into full case mode and yet hadn’t entirely forgotten his manners. How he had changed.
When, much to his dismay, puberty strikes, messing with his hormones and threatening to upset the tight control he has established on his emotions with unwanted urges, he tells himself firmly he doesn’t need all that, either. The desire for relationships, sex, love ... he sees what it does to the other boys – some lusting after absent girls, others engaging in what they believe are clandestine activities with one another in the showers or dormitories. After some initial confusion and a few soiled sheets at night, Sherlock finds that it isn’t difficult for him to disregard his hormonal urges. He can look after his own needs when they get too pressing and can otherwise ignore his libido quite well as long as his mind is occupied. He isn’t interested in girls in the slightest, and those few boys who pique his brief and passing interest do so because they’re smart or kind or both. He doesn’t want to engage in anything physical with them, though, and is actively relieved that nobody attempts the same with him. He concludes that he might be gay or something along those lines – in theory rather than in practice – and that he doesn’t really care about finding a label for himself. Nor is he eager to upset the equilibrium by allowing messy physicality or worse, sentiment and the whims and desires of others into his life.
Sherlock gave him a frown over his shoulder. “I mean precisely what I said.”
But there are sounds, dull, somewhere close. Footsteps, voices. And he can’t breathe. Something is lying on him, suffocating him. And his hands, his hands are behind his back, and one of them hurts. Is he restrained again? Is he still imprisoned somewhere, and his recue by John and everything that happened afterwards was a dream or a drug-induced vision?
, he thought.
Hoping that an excursion to the bathroom will take care of the unfortunate, uncomfortable situation in his nether regions, reluctantly, he begins to untangle himself from John who snorts softly and turns his head onto this other side. Sherlock slips out of bed. He hisses softly when his feet meet the wooden parquet and his leg decides to play up after all, causing him to lurch and sway until he manages to steady himself against the bedpost. So as not to wake John, he slowly makes his way through the room in the dark.
“What? It’s true.” Sherlock’s playful smile changes to something more serious. John detects a hint of insecurity, quickly hidden by an expression of carefully studied disinterest. “So ... have you considered the offer?”
Sherlock swallows round the sudden lump in his throat. These doubts keep assailing him from time to time. For almost three years, John has given no indication that his love for Sherlock has waned. Those few times they actually managed to talk on the telephone, fleeting moments of sharing a crackling, unsteady connection, John had been as moved and sentimental as Sherlock, speaking in a choked, shaky voice, whispering endearments when he was sure nobody was close by to overhear them. He had definitely not sounded like a man about to terminate their involvement.
At this, John’s face takes on a strange expression. Sherlock watches him cast down his eyes and licking his lips. “How fitting,” says John quietly, as if speaking to himself.
“Because of you.”
Sherlock’s smile turns warm. He preens a little. “Yes, I do. Oh, excellent. I was dreading tighter security measures at the back door.” He points towards a simple number-coded panel.
A huff echoes through the ensuite, loud enough for John to hear. “Have you ruptured your ear-drum in your crash? I said would you bring me a towel, please? I forgot to take any to the bathroom with me, and the ones here are wet and stained with blood.”
“Yes, this is all very nice, Molly, but would you please pull yourself together and tell us right from the beginning what you found? That would be massively helpful and preferable to your babbling.”
Sherlock grins at him. “What a selfless offer, Doctor.”
John laughed softly. “Fascinating. Still doesn’t explain why you didn’t delete it. Can you whistle on your fingers?”
“The shot didn’t ‘go wild’,” growled Sherlock disdainfully. “It was incredibly precise, and very skilfully executed. We’re dealing with a true professional here.” He frowned for a moment, before his expression changed. “Oh,” he whispered.
“What the fuck are you doing, Sherlock? Your bike is perfectly all right. What—?” The connection crackles into static again. Whatever is going on in the favourites’ group seems to have caught the attention of the
He sighs, lowering himself to the edge of his bed. “I thought it’d be easier, though,” he admits, running a hand through his hair.
“Yes, it is. Unless you burn something nasty in it.”
Anderson nods grimly. “Yes indeed. The nerve, eh? Not coming to the team meeting and taking his time showing up here. Either, it’s somebody really good, or he’s a complete and utter wanker. It must be someone from outside the team. I’ve asked all our boys, and none of them has been invited. Small said he was briefly considered as a back-up should the new bloke turn down the offer. Hope Lestrade knows what he’s doing. But as for your question, no idea who he might be. I wouldn’t even know who was still available. Those top riders without teams have already been snatched up by others, even Trevor is back, have you seen? Riding for that Italian/British Team, CS, apparently. But apart from that, most of the teams that were in the Tour last year have changed their rosters very little. I’m really curious about the wildcards, though. There’s this brand new team called Brook Consulting. Over there, the chaps in black with the white spider on the front. You may recognise some of their riders. Oh, they’re called on stage now.”
“Yes,” admits Sherlock thoughtfully. He really needs to look into this Harry Potter thing. “I can’t do magic, though.”
Sherlock feels blood rush into his cheeks at his brother’s blunt words. Next to him, John seems to have inhaled a good deal of his tea and is coughing and sneezing rather pitifully. His face, too, is flushed, and he avoids looking at both Sherlock and Mycroft.
John stills his hand and looks up from his chest. “This okay?”
The policemen nod in surprise. Sherlock supresses a smile. “I wish to talk to her. Inform D.I. Lestrade at Scotland Yard. He must come over as he is leading the investigation, both in Bletchley and London. There is much more to this case than the attempted abduction of Miss Connolly, but I am not at liberty to reveal all details. That is for Mr. Lestrade to decide, or those even higher up. For now, it would be helpful if you let my colleague Dr. Watson who is standing over there and myself talk to Miss Connolly. Dr. Watson is a Naval surgeon who can assess and treat her injuries and make sure she is comfortable until the local doctor arrives, and he can also assess the body and determine the time of death.” He points towards John who is talking to the dog owner, his son, and the other bystander.
“Insect bite?”
“Bossy git. And for the record, I don’t think it’s out of character. It’s just a trait you don’t show very often. Lending me your beloved coat, even … Never thought I’d see the day.”
The gate has a locking mechanism to let walkers through but keep the sheep inside. Sherlock decides to climb the gate regardless, as he wants to get an even better view of the surrounding countryside. Sitting astride the gate, he turns towards the north-east from whence he has come. He can see the village behind the woods, and thinks he can even spot his aunt and uncle’s house. North of Washington lies what looks like a large sand- or chalk-pit. He recalls overhearing Daniel and the others mentioning it, and that their parents had forbidden them to go there. Sherlock knows they went regardless, and that’s when Daniel’s bike had a flat. Sherlock saw the bike. The tyres were full of sand and chalk.
Well, it seems he’s got his very private tour now, which sadly is confined to one small, locked off part of what could indeed be an old Tube tunnel. The tiles feel genuine, as does the floor. And didn’t he travel down to Kensington following a lead? An image of red tiled arches flashes before his inner eye. A building ... the façade of a building, squeezed in between office buildings that looked somewhat out of place in posh Kensington ... a church ... one of those stands for (former) Boris bikes ... the cabby driving him complaining about the evening rush hour traffic that was once more clogging ... Knightsbridge. Yes, he went to Knightsbridge Station, stupidly taking a taxi and not the Tube. He remembers going down to the tracks, hopping onto a westbound train to South Kensington. He remembers gazing out of the windows the entire ride, looking for ... what? There was nothing to be seen, anyway, with the Tube carriage lit from the inside and the tunnel dark. But he recalls that he was hoping for signs of ... a ghost station. That’s it. Research had shown that there used to be a station between Knightsbridge and South Kensington, fallen into disuse long ago. But no trace of it could be seen from the train. He remembers emerging from the Tube at South Kensington Station again, feeling somewhat disappointed, and walking back the way he’d just travelled. Something caught his eye then. Red tiles ... arched windows ... a building that seemed so out of place in this expensive neighbourhood, tucked away in a side street as part of some newer edifice, it’s main elevation long demolished ... Brompton Road Station.
“Yes, I did. Because it’s true. At first I thought that you were a bit of an arrogant sod who treats the rest of humanity as far below him because you’re so brilliant and clever. But you’re not always like that. You can be surprisingly funny, even silly. Human, you know. And kind, too, when you remember your manners. Those boys at your school, they must have been utter idiots not to see that.”
Denniston takes a draught of his tea, then nods briefly at Turing who squares his shoulders. “Enigma is not the only encryption device the Germans use. It is the most widely used one, true, and the one we have found ways to cope with. But there are others, and one is still a great mystery to us.”
“I doubt there’s a road all the way up that mountain,” he mused.
Sherlock nods thoughtfully. “I suspect Moriarty plans an attack on Col de la Colombière, although honestly, today’s stage is not the right one to distance the GC contenders. The climb is too short and too even, and the stage, on the whole, too easy.”
At the start in the centre of Pau, the press and media are merciless. Luckily for Team Speedy’s, they mostly descend on Henry Baskerville and his teammates, and on Moriarty and the other bearers of the special jerseys. Because the entire Team CAM has left the Tour, the green jersey of the best sprinter, formerly worn by Mark Morstan, has moved to Stephen Bainbridge. He, Søren Fantoft of Team Arla, Leslie Stapleton of Team Baskerville and Jefferson Hope of Brook Consulting remain the hottest contenders to win this classification, with sprinters from teams Ferrero and Netflix having slight chances, too, if they win today’s and tomorrow’s stages and the final one in Paris.
Sherlock’s eyes opened and John was stricken by the intensity of the gaze. Sherlock’s pupils were still dilated, but now they narrowed as they took in John. “No,” came the curt reply.
“Yes,” he lies. “Now, Mrs. Suffield, Miss Hooper and my colleague Dr. Watson will be arriving shortly. If possible, I should like to speak to your other lodger, Miss Donovan, and to your husband. And I would also like to take a look at Miss Wilson’s room. Nothing has been touched or changed there, I hope?”
Through his t-shirt, he felt the corners of Sherlock’s mouth quirk upwards. “About twice the size of St. Paul’s including its crypt and parts of its surroundings. But there are bits and pieces of you spread all over the entire structure. I told you, you’ve become integral to the building. Taking you away would make it unstable, threatening collapse.”
“No need to explain, Eddie,” Sherlock assures him. “I take it you ... saved some films, or indeed snippets of film material you were asked to cut by your employer so certain films could be shown or distributed more widely, and now you earn a little on the side by copying them and selling them on. Well, we all must make a living, I guess.”
Sherlock made a sound between a snort and a growl, exchanged the bow for the poker again and dealt his incinerated cigarettes a violent stab. John could tell he was angry at himself but too proud to admit it. John frowned, glancing round the kitchen with light dread in the knowledge that the remains of the table were likely still drenched in a corrosive solution of caustic potash despite their dosing with vinegar. Given this knowledge, it was reassuring to know that apparently Sherlock had remained unscathed if somewhat rumpled.
“Found that under Mary’s body. It’s what freed you, that charm, Rosie identified it as the killer’s,” Lestrade says. “I was just about to send that to the DA’s office.”
Sherlock sank to the floor, his legs numb. “John...”
“I’m not sure. It’s quite recent though,” Molly says. “Within the last year or two.”
She raises her eyebrow. “Isn’t that what you did with Sherlock?”
As she turns the corner, she skids to a stop as she sees the scene in front of her.
“It’s nice to see you out and about,” Sally says, ignoring Sherlock’s demand.
“Tell me. Tell me. Tell me,” Sherlock demanded, knowing that if he didn’t know now, his mind would tear everything apart and now that Rosie was in Baker Street, he would never consider resorting to shooting the walls or drugs. He needed to know
“That’s me,” the old professor says warily.
“In what way?”
Molly studies his face. “What are you thinking?”
“Oh, wow a warm thank you, can you believe?” Lestrade says to Mycroft with a grin.
“Why did you?”
Her eyes widened slightly, but then she nods quickly. “I... saw the killer,” Rosie says quietly. “She... she was wearing a blue jacket and... and a baseball cap... and she had a beautiful necklace.”
“A ring!”
This time, Sherlock’s racing thoughts were cut off by John’s lips pressing against his and suddenly his mind is calm, allowing Sherlock to reach up and respond to John’s kiss.
It’s the same plead as the one that he had heard from a man with his daughter, boarding a plane to start a new life. “Take care of him and tell Sherlock I love him,” said the man who used to be known as John Watson. Now his name is William Grace and with his daughter Amy he is starting a new life in New Zealand.
With that, he turns and flees from the flat without even his phone or coat.
“Please John,” Sherlock says quietly. “She makes you happy.”
“She’s our best chance of getting Sherlock out of jail,” Lestrade growls as he pulls out his phone. “We need to find her body.”
Life continues for 221B Baker Street for the next couple of years. Sherlock solves crimes. John blogs about it. Rosie makes life better. Mrs. Hudson insists that she isn’t their house keeper. Lestrade comes with crime and beer. Molly has grown into her own. Mycroft keeps an eye on life by surveillance cameras and minions. In other words, life is perfect.
“Do you think John could tell us more about the Sherman’s?”
John froze for a moment before he slowly said, “Are you...”
It takes John a moment to find an answer and his answer comes out slow and steady when he replies, “I want you to be happy and I think the antidepressants will help.”
It is indeed Mary Watson who’s standing there, wearing a blue jacket and a baseball cap. Rosie runs to give her a hug while John and Sherlock stare in shock.
He shrugs and glances over the file again. “Locked room... same tattoo... suspicious text... undetermined cause of death...”
“Holmes?" Sally asks asks.
“Why do you bring this up now?” Sherlock demanded. “I have always done these things, but you only bring it up now. Why?”
“And that he threatened to kill Mary before he left your house?”
Sally feels sorry for her as Molly cowers under Dimmock’s harsh gaze. “He said... he said something about he would get John back no matter what,” she mumbles, unable to look anywhere except for the bottom of her coffee.
“Sort of, it’s complicated.”
The chase leads them along the Thames, Janice pushing through the crowds to get ahead of Greg and Sally. “Police! Stop!”
“I’m sure,” she says. “The only thing different is this.”
“You saw the killer, right? You walked in on the murder, that’s why you ran, isn’t it?”
“It’s okay, John.” Greg is quick to reassure. “So you thought that Sherlock did it and Sherlock thought that you did it and in reality, neither of you pulled the trigger. Now we have both of your stories, we can finally get Sherlock out of jail.”
Greg grins and says, “Time to bring Sherlock home.”
“Do you have any ideas who did this?” Lestrade asks. “Any inkling or hint?”
Rosie eyes them suspiciously and mumbles something.
His lips twitch up but not quite into a smile. “So... the treasure.”
“John!”
But Rosie! It couldn’t be Rosie. He needs to get back to Baker Street to see John and Rosie waiting there for him, but in his heart of hearts, he knows that isn’t the case because neither of them were there at the jail when he was released or at Scotland Yard with Mycroft. The moment that he saw Rosie’s necklace and learned that Mary had it on the night she died, everything had suddenly fallen in to place. Rosie and Mary must have been reuniting, but Rosie has inherited her father’s temper. Mary had a gun and Rosie grabbed it, shooting Mary five times. Mary had tried to grab for Rosie, but she only grasped Rosie’s necklace, yanking it off her neck. Dropping the gun, Rosie ran out of Baker Street via the back door. Mary must have also left the same way in a way to cover up it was Rosie who killed her. Damn sentiment.
Hours later, Sally is watching the interrogation through the one way window. Sherlock is sitting up straight in the chair, his hands folded in front of him on the table and not saying a word as Lestrade lays out the case in front of him. They had found a bloodied shirt and a gun in the duffle bag that Sherlock had on him at the time of the arrest. The fragile case they had before they had left the police station first has grown up into a nearly solid case if only Sherlock would say something. Anything. For hours, this goes on without even a peep from Sherlock.
“Thank you, Rosie, you did so well,” Sally praises, giving her arm a gently squeeze.
“Those were my thoughts exactly,” Sherlock declares. “While I was in solitary, I spent my time in my mind palace and I made a whole different life with an imaginary you. We had Rosie in our arms, and Mr. Hudson downstairs, Lestrade came with cases, Mycroft watched us with public surveillance cameras.”
Sherlock stares at the top of John’s head peaking over the top of the newspaper, his dark blue eyes flicking back and forth as he reads about mundane events happening in the cesspool that is London.
They both fell into a fit of giggles. Sherlock’s eyes dropped to John’s lips before flickering back up to his eyes. “I never... I always said that love is found on the loosing side, but I find if I’m loosing with you, I don’t mind.”
“First you’re going to have to find the real killer,” John says bitterly. “And how are you going to do that? Sherlock wiped the gun of prints before I left and it’s been months since the murder.”
This time, it’s truly a frown that spreads across Sherlock’s face and his mouth moves silently. When he speaks, it’s so rough from disuse that it’s barely recognizable. “For Rosie?”
Sherlock stiffened slightly. “John, all doctors are idiots and I do not wan-- need an idiot to try to tell me that I am... that I am a malfunction... that I am a freak.”
“Bring him in on suspicion of murder,” he says, “Get ready in 10. “
“Of course, Mr. Holmes,” Sally says.
Sherlock scowls, but there is a glimmer of laughter in his eyes. Looking down, the smile disappears. “Where did you get this?” Sherlock asks, picking up the necklace that Rosie identified as Janice Small’s.
“What do you want?”
“I want my daddy,” she says quietly, “and Père... and Uncle Mycroft.”
“Around three in the morning.”
“Yeah, on the USB was notes about a treasure somewhere in India. They must have been after the treasure and found it. Mary must have been betrayed for a larger share of the treasure.”
His thoughts jerked to a stop when John spoke up. Sherlock raised his eyes again and takes a couple of deep breaths. “Sorry, John,” he said. “What was it you were going to say?”
“Hey! Sherlock!” Lestrade yells after him, but one look at Mycroft stops him. Mycroft has a funny look as he steadfast ignores Lestrade’s glare. “You know something.”
In the next couple hours, he rushed to clean the blood in a sloppy way that would look like an amateur had tried to cover up the murder, enough for a conviction. He does notice where the blood goes, but he doesn’t have time to follow it. Instead Sherlock finds Wiggins and gives him instructions to find Rosie. He returns to Molly’s place and closes the door with enough force that he knows Molly would be able to hear. Sherlock hates that he’s putting Molly in this position, but he needed to protect John.
“Data.”
Sally shrugs as she swings her flashlight down another alley. “I guess that Sherlock thought that she ran because she saw John killing Mary and vice versa for John. In reality, she probably just got spooked by the shooting. Decided to run. When she heard the news, she thought that what she was actually Sherlock. Couldn't come home to face John.”
“The logic follows,” John says.
Molly is very tired as she walks into her office, a coffee in her hand as she tries to wake herself up. Just as she was about to turn in fro an early night, there was a quiet knock on the door. It was Sherlock on the front step, his eyes blood shot as he quietly says, “Mary returned.”
“Sherlock,” Greg says with a sigh. “You didn’t do this murder! Save your own skin!”
“You said yourself that Holmes left your flat and didn’t come back for hours,” Dimmock presses. “You heard him return at three in the morning after the murder.”
She can’t look at the utter heartbreak on Molly’s face as she turns to follow Dimmock out of the office.
She pulls out a picture and shows a tattoo that is on Mary’s ankle. Sally leans over and frowns. It’s a strange symbol that Sally has never seen before.
Shaking his head, Sherlock says, “I will say nothing further.”
John has to giggle at that and he nods. “I wonder where it is.”
“Mary’s. Didn’t mention him very often. Just once or twice. I may have... found their relation when I was planning the wedding.”
“Greg, I need you go come down to the mortuary now.”
“Hey, how are we doing?” Lestrade asks.
Not wanting to waste time on correcting her, Lestrade just nods and leaves. Every time there are visitations, Lestrade goes to visit Sherlock. Each time, Sherlock is escorted into the room, but who ever comes through the door isn’t Sherlock Holmes that Lestrade knows. Sherlock is gaunt and his eyes are empty, he doesn’t react to anything that Lestrade says. Yet still, Lestrade brings in cold cases to discuss with him and pleads with him to speak up on the case. Every time, Sherlock says nothing and after thirty minutes, Sherlock is escorted back to his cell. This week he isn’t expecting anything different when he gets to the prison. He sits at the metal table and shuffles some papers around while he waits. When Sherlock walks in, Lestrade winces at the sight of him in his blue prison uniform and the dark shadows under his eyes.
“It’s okay, John,” Molly says, patting his arm. “When we get back to London, we’ll go see Sherlock and Lestrade and Sally can go contact Sherlock’s homeless network to find Rosie.”
“Didn’t your doctor tell you everything?” he asks.
Molly Hooper is there, sitting in a chair and clutching her third coffee since she had arrived at the station with Dimmock less than a hour ago. Her hands are shaking so badly that Sally isn’t sure if it’s because of the shock or the caffeine.
She wrinkles her nose. “I’m like Pinocchio!” she says, wiggling in her seat. “Okay. Next time I lie, I’ll do it better.”
“So suppose that Rosie saw the killer, why did she run?” Lestrade asks as they start walking through the dark alley ways.
“Professor Annie Phelps?” Lestrade asks.
“Mary Watson? She’s alive?”
Sally and Greg look over to see a woman working on a boat. “Oi! You there.”
“You’re telling a lie,” he says, picking up his cup of tea and settling across the kitchen table from her.
John gently stroked Sherlock’s high cheekbones. “Don’t panic or assume until I finish talking, okay?” he said gently. “These dark moods of yours when you don’t have a case, the highs you have when you’re on a case, feeling lethargic and then having too much energy, being a mad berk and then being suicidal—no, you were,” he said as Sherlock tried to interject. “I know you aren’t now or at St Bart’s, but you were suicidal at points in your life. I know you, Sherlock Holmes. Because I love you, I want you to answer this question honestly: Have you ever been evaluated for depression?”
So he opens his eyes and pops the lid off of the bottle. Carefully he shakes out a pill and places it in his mouth. He swallows it dry and takes a moment to breathe.
Molly is waiting impatiently at one of the benches. She’s looking at something under a microscope but as soon as she hears the doors open, she jumps up and grabs Greg’s arm, dragging him over to the next room where the bodies are kept. “I got this corpse this afternoon and I was going through the regular routine when I saw this.” She pulls back the sheet at the corpse’s feet to reveal a tattoo.
She shakes her head and rubs her nose. “No, I didn’t. I think Daddy did. I also saw Chloe at school had the same kind of biscuit, I think they’re the best kind of biscuit and of course Daddy thinks so too.”
“It’s been two months Sherlock,” he muses aloud. “If you don’t say anything soon, your court day will come up and surely the jury will find you guilty. After Mary’s death, we haven’t been able to find John or Rosie.”
John smiles. “I love you too.”
Sherlock and John freeze and immediately try to rectify their mistake.
Lestrade drops into his chair in stunned silence and Sally sputters in disbelief, “Why didn’t Sherlock see through this? He always seems twenty steps in front of us.”
“Sherlock told us,” Molly supplies.
After a brief hesitation, Prof. Phelps nods slowly and steps aside to let them in. the moment the door closes behind them, there is a cold muzzle of a gun pressed against Lestrade’s head and he hears Molly squeak as there’s another gun pointed at her by Prof. Phelps.
“A tell?”
“And what if by proving my innocence, you’re commending John?” Sherlock fires back.
She nods, her eyes flicking between the adults in the room. “I-I guess so?”
“Mary,” Sherlock says slowly. “What are you doing here?”
“Seems like it,” Lestrade agrees. “But if Thaddeus killed Mary for the treasure, who killed Thaddeus?”
His heart is breaking in his chest as Sherlock kneels down in front of Rosie. His voice is soft when he explains, “I loved your daddy so much that I died for him. I would do everything I could possibly do to protect you and your daddy.”
“Of course your father does. He’s appalling at lying,” Sherlock says, waving his hand in dismissal. “Next time he tells a lie, pay attention. You’ll be able to see it.”
“Is it okay if we return home now?” John asks. “I think Rosie would like to have a lie down in a real bed, right sweetheart?”
“I said depression, Sherlock, not malfunction, not a freak,” John said gently. “I’ve been thinking about it and I think that you have bipolar disorder. You have periods of intense energy followed by depression and lethargy. You go without eating and sleeping and it worries me, Sherlock.”
I tagged this canon divergence after s3, in this universe, A.G.R.A doesn't exist, except Mary's real name is Rosamund, John read Mary's USB, Mary didn't die and instead disappeared, and John and Sherlock finally got their shit together and started a romantic relationship.
“Arrest you? Of course not! We’re here to take you home to your daddy.”
The prison guard shakes his head. “Hasn’t moved or spoke since the moment he came here,” he says. “Shame really.”
Lestrade wants to jump up and down in celebration, but he manages to keep it down as he says, “Yes, for Rosie. You’re Sherlock Holmes, so solve this case.”
“I am home!” John yells, jerking his arm away from Mary as she tries to rest her hand on his bicep. “Sherlock is my home. Rosie is my home. Not you. Not anymore.”
John whips around to face Sherlock. “What?”
Sherlock doesn’t move as Lestrade motions to an officer to bring Sherlock to the holding cell. Sherlock doesn’t protest or say anything as he’s cuffed and lead to a solitary holding cell. Lestrade watches sadly as Sherlock doesn’t react as he is released from the handcuffs, standing stock still, facing the back of the cell.
“Père died?”
“Molly, I’m off for the next couple of days, ask Sally or—“
“Of course you will,” Sherlock says, haughtily but he breaks into a smile soon after as John rolls his eyes.
Lestrade wants to scream and dance when Sherlock rolls his eyes at him. “There are such things untraceable poisons. I for one know at least forty different poisons that are completely untraceable in autopsies. I’m sure Molly has tested for a couple once she knew that this was connected to Mary’s case and she isn’t a complete idiot. I can compile a list of poisons for her to check for but it would be more efficient if I was allowed to see the body.”
Sherlock sits in his chair, rolling the bottle back and forth thoughtfully in his palms. The sound of the pills rattles like thunder as he thinks... and thinks...
His mind races back through the past half year to the night that Mary was killed. He had returned back to Baker Street prepared to do everything to keep John, but when he arrived, Mary was no where to be seen. Instead there was blood and John standing there with a gun in his hands. Immediately, Sherlock took the gun from John and ordered him to go to his old professor’s house who he had run into at the market the other day and she had mentioned that she was looking for a part time caregiver. John would be able to hide out in Woking. He bustled John out and promised that he would get the Homeless Network to send Rosie to join him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You rub your nose when you tell a lie,” he says lightly. “Quite obvious.”
“Miss. Hooper? What’s wrong?”
“Where’s John and Rosie?” he demands.
For the first time in months, Lestrade sees a change in Sherlock’s expression. Slowly Sherlock’s brow is furrowing and he blinks slowly a couple of times.
That makes both of them giggle and when they calm down, Sherlock tries to speak, having to swallow a couple of times before he was able to answer. “If... if you think that I... what should I do?”
For a hour after, Sherlock and Molly are sitting on her couch as Sherlock tells Molly what happened. He’s shaking as he voiced doubts that John would leave him for Mary. Even though Molly tried her best to reassure Sherlock that John loves him now and wouldn’t leave him for Mary, he still shook his head.
“Sherlock, there’s been a murder and we think it’s connected to Mary.”
Sherlock raises his eyebrow. “Rosamund.”
“I’m sorry?” Molly says.
Mycroft raises his eyebrow. “Whenever the Watsons are involved, Sherlock thinks with his heart, not his head. Perhaps if he had the perfect logical mind, he would’ve seen through this at the very beginning, but he loves Rosie more than anything in the world and he would never think of Rosie as fallible.”
“I was,” she says weakly.
John snorts and shakes his head. “He’s Sherlock Bloody Holmes, he always swans off without telling me what his plans are. I thought that this was one of those cases at first but now...”
Finally John notices Sherlock staring at him. He raises his eyebrow. “It’s getting creepy. The staring I mean.”
His face crumples and he reaches out to Sherlock who takes a step away. “Sherlock... we’ve discussed this. Please, I love you. Only you.”
“Whoa! Whoa! Rosie! It’s me! Uncle Greg!”
“Yeah,” John nods. “It seems like Mary dug herself into a nice little hole.”
“We think you have information about your mother’s murder,” Sally adds.
His phone starts ringing and he glances at the screen. “It’s Molly,” he announces to Sherlock as he picks up. “Hey Molly.”
A new death sheds light on Mary's murder.
Sherlock chuckles and picks up a crayon to draw on a piece of paper for himself. Rosie’s brow furrows as he draws the cross section of a plant cell. “So... you’re not mad?” Rosie asks.
Sherlock waves his hand in dismissal. “Doctors are boring. Except for you.”
Rosie comes running down the stairs from her bedroom when she hears John’s voice. “Daddy!”
“Marry me. John. You. Hamish Watson. Please. Marry me.”
Sherlock spins around in a circle, looking for a way out, but finds nothing. He looks towards Greg. “Please...”
“This lady was declared dead two years ago!” John yells. “She is no longer my wife!”
“I’m sure you will,” Sherlock praises, standing up and dropping a kiss on her head as he passes.
John gave him a reassuring smile in understanding. “Your doctor started you on Carbamazepine. It’s a very common and effective prescription for bipolar disorder. The antidepressants will help stabilize your mood,” he explains. Sherlock nods, but still doesn’t move to open the bottle. John slips off his chair and kneels in front of Sherlock, covering his hands with his own. “The Carbamazepine will help, but the medicine won’t help everything so you will have to work at it. Eating, sleeping, breathing... maybe a bit of sex will help.” John’s lips twitch at his joke hopefully but Sherlock doesn’t reply so John keeps on going. “But this is your choice. I want to make that very clear. If you don’t want to take the medicine, it’s fine... You are your own person and nothing is flawed, malfunctioned or wrong with you.”
“Yeah, okay.” John nods. “Back to London.”
“Fun!” Rosie explains about her day as Sherlock starts dinner. A little while later, they are sitting at the table for supper, Rosie chattering about random things.
At this, Lestrade rolls his eyes. “It isn’t like I could bust you out of jail, Sherlock, you’ve only protested your innocence in the past three minutes!”
Suddenly there are footsteps on the stair. Sherlock frowns and stands up. “That’s not Mrs. Hudson or a client.”
“No! It was merely a lie.”
“A neck... he... that means...”
“You lied before, how do I know I’m not lying now?”
The air is charged as the Watsons are left alone. John staring after Sherlock, Mary glaring at John, Rosie quietly shaking.
She shrugs. “I don’t know who you’re talking about. Have a good day,” she says and moves to close the door, but Lestrade puts his foot in the door to stop it from closing all the way.
“Considered me flattered,” John says. He sets down the newspaper and leans forward in his chair. “What do you want to know?”
“She was with Mary the night of the murder, but when I got back to the flat, she was gone. Sherlock sent me here and promised that he would send Wiggins to find her. A day later, one of Sherlock’s homeless network comes by with a note from Rosie that just said that she was safe. I know I’m such a terrible father for letting her wander around the streets for so long but I’ve been sending her money—“
“Sorry, Père,” Rosie says, lifting her gaze from the table. “I was hungry and you were taking a long time with Granny Hudson, so I ate the last biscuit.”
But it’s too late, Janice Small throws herself off the bridge into the Thames.
Lestrade snaps the file close. “Time to call in the big guns.”
He pauses at the sound of her voice and nods. “Okay, I’ll be there in 15.”
“Mycroft...”
Sherlock raises his eyebrow, “Now, if I tell you, will you be going around and telling lies constantly?”
Sherlock smiles and preens happily as John gives him a kiss. “Happy anniversary, John.”
Mary moves forward as if to give John a hug, but John takes half a step back that stops Mary in her tracks. She gives him a small smile and looks towards Sherlock. “Hello Sherlock.”
Sherlock lets out a long sigh and closes his eyes. “Briarbrae.”
Shakily, Sherlock reaches out and immediately John responds, extending his own hand. They bridge the gap between their chairs and hold onto each other. Sherlock finally gives John a sincere smile and nods. “I love you too, John.”
She nods slowly, but there isn’t anything she could do. “I’m sorry,” she says. “I’m a police officer, there’s nothing I can do.”
“Did you see the woman’s face?” Sally asks gently. “Would you be able to identify her?”
“Professor Phelps is Sherlock’s teacher from university,” John explains. “Sherlock sent Rosie and I here the night of the murder. Safe from prosecution...”
Sherlock avoids his gaze. “She’s right. You forgave me when I came back. You need to give her the same chance.’
It’s a rare sunny afternoon and Sherlock had picked up 8 year old Rosie from her school. John still was at work, but due to return any moment. Sherlock searches through the cupboards for the biscuits he knows that John keeps squirreled away from Sherlock and Rosie. Rosie is sitting at the table, not looking at Sherlock as she carefully colours in the sky on a drawing she’s been working on.
She frowns as Lestrade hurries towards the exit. “Big guns? Who?”
“As the one on Mary’s body. Exactly!” Molly says, wringing her hands together. “Does this have anything to do with her murder?”
“No. Must have been Mrs. Hudson.” John crosses his arms across his chest. “Why?”
Hours later, the coast guard finds the body in the river. Greg kneels down beside the body and searches through her pockets. He draws out a leather bag and from it, out comes a collection of beautiful pearls. Grinning, Lestrade looks up at Sally and says, “Even without her testimony, we have enough evidence to exonerate Sherlock.”
Mary frowns. “John, dear, you’re upset. Why don’t you come home with me so you can calm down.”
Mycroft doesn’t tell Sherlock this last part and with an almost imperceptible nod, Mycroft says, “Goodbye, brother mine.”
“Love?” she asks, but John shakes his head, breathing hard.
“We’ll think of something and we think we got a new lead on the case,” Greg says. “There was a murder and it seems to be connected to Mary.”
Months later, Sherlock who still hadn’t broken his silence plead no contest to the murder of Mary Watson and was subsequently incarcerated. What’s more worrying is that John and Rosie have seemingly disappeared off the face of the earth. Also vexing is the lack of Sherlock’s brother poking his nose into everyone’s business. Lestrade is nearly certain that Sherlock couldn't have done the murder. If he had done the murder, there wouldn't be a trace, but 221B was covered with a blood splatter from Mary's wounds. From crime scene evidence, Sherlock and Mary were seated at the table together, a gun sitting on the table between them, Mary stood up and Sherlock shot her five times. The crime scene evidence, lack of other suspects to question, and without a solid alibi, it was hard to prove his innocence.
"We know about what you two did today and we just want to let you know that we are outrage-" Sherlock and John braced themselves for it, the rant that would out them to the entire camp and ruin not only what should have been a perfect day but also two very good friendships. "-Eously happy for you guys! If you'd told us sooner Greg would have switched bunks with you ages ago! We figured that you should get to spend your last night here together so we gathered up all of your stuff for you Sherlock and you guys can have cabin two all to yourselves, Irene already agreed to him swapping in for you in her cabin, and Greg has plans with Molly anyway and I have them with Abbey so two'll be empty and we pushed the beds together so that it's bigger for you guys too. We'll go now, leave you to it and all that." Mike spat quickly, attempting to keep from drawing too much attention by moving away very fast. "Congratulations, seriously.We didn't see it before but you guys kind of just fit, as weird as it is to think about, you make a good couple." Greg added at a whisper as he walked away, leaving John and Sherlock astounded with a suitcase and a blessing as a gift they couldn't hope to return.
Settling back onto the reclining bed, Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin, deciding to wait out his release from the hospital by running through the details of the ongoing case once again. He had been working the case for a week. It had appeared to be your average double murder; a five, at most, Sherlock had commented that first time Lestrade approached him -- hardly worth Sherlock’s time -- until one thing led to another, and Sherlock found himself struggling to track the movements of a smuggling ring responsible for a string of other crimes including kidnappings, extortion, money laundering and, if Sherlock was correct, several counts of human trafficking and prostitution. This all on top of their more mundane smuggling efforts and the murder of two of their trafficked workers had Sherlock with his hands quite full trying to anticipate both the movements of the ring and the bungling of his instructions by the Yard.
"Sherlock Holmes?" A shocked voice called to him from the left and he turned to find a circle had already formed on that side, most of those present being colleagues of his mother or various relations that he'd met many times before. Three cheaters, two gold diggers, a secret foot fetish and an acrobat in training. Wonderful.
John's time with Mrs Hudson and Orabelle had been a bit odd in his opinion. Orabelle had basically suggested they tie him up so he couldn't escape; not that he wanted to leave at all but the fact that she suspected he did grated, and in the next breath was repeating how she thought he was a great man and how good he was to Sherlock and how lucky they all were to know him and the like, getting a bit misty eyed. Mrs Hudson just kept interrupting at intervals to let everyone know that they were her boys and that she'd have married ones of her own now so take that Mrs Turner. Greg slyly informed him that both women were a bit over the limit and assured that both would be sober by the ceremony. He bloody hoped so. Then the door had swung open dramatically and a short man in glasses announced that the flowers had arrived, if Mrs Holmes would like to oversee their distribution? That sobered her right up and she was off like a light, Mrs Hudson in tow, both blowing past Mycroft's PA who was standing in the door sheepishly. Molly was blushing and trying not to smile and John, not quite as dense as he once was, beckoned the woman in.
Holly appeared next to him, looking busier than ever and typing furiously on her blackberry. "I thought you didn't have to work?" Greg asked with a slight frown. At the rate she was going this girl would work herself to an early grave. She snorted and looked up from her phone for just a second before turning back to it. "It's not work per se, Sherlock occasionally used to send me any relevant information about the family in the past answer it seems that he's doing it again so I have to catalogue it all and sort it into relevance to the situation at hand at any given time so that if any of the family could be useful or similarly if they would be a hindrance to future plans we will just have to click a button to find out." Greg recoiled "Ouch. Sounds like work to me." Holly grinned and pocketed the device with a flourish. "Not too much if you can set up a program to do it all for you."
Clara and John raced to Harry's room as soon as the doctor told them she was awake. Sherlock hung back however, because he now knew something he shouldn't, the eldest Watson was dying, and she did not plan on telling anyone. Yet he knew. If he told John, he'd be devastated, and if he neglected to tell him he'd be both devastated and furious at being lied to. "Damn it Harriet!" he groaned in frustration, leaning back against the wall. Trust her to manage this, how on earth was he supposed to proceed? Tell or don't tell? He needed a second opinion. "Mrs Hudson?" he muttered down the phone, it was still early and the old lady didn't take too kindly to her sleep being interrupted when she just returned from some time away. "Sherlock dear what is it?" she asked readily, Sherlock wondered how he'd ever managed without her guidance. "I have stumbled across some rather... unpleasant news while deducing. The person the news is about does not want John to know about it, and now that I know... I am not quite sure what the protocol in this situation would be. Either way John
"I get the feeling this isn't exactly what you had in mind, come here, I have an idea, you just tell me if you're uncomfortable ok?" John prompted gently and Sherlock rolled closer, facing him with a look of wary caution in his eyes. As gracefully as he could manage John scooted just a bit higher on the pillows, until his chin was level with Sherlock's head, and then he closed the gap between them fully, nestling one arm under his head and the other around Sherlock's torso and insinuating his leg between Sherlock's, they were connected from head to toe on his part.
He cleared his throat "So Callum how old are you?" Callum held up four fingers, eyes trained to the floor. "Wow, are you sure you're only four? You seem so much bigger than a four year old. Do you have any brothers or sisters?" John inquired lightly and was relieved at the slight shake of his head, even if it dislodged the thermometer somewhat. "That's cool, I bet your parents spoil you rotten" There it was again, fear. Over whelming terror. Now he was worried, the first one he could write of as a fear of doctors or injections but that was blatant. He was afraid of his parents. There was a loud beep and he looked at the numbers, reading the high fever in an instant. It looked like Callum had the flu, but he wanted to do a full check up just in case. Better safe than sorry. "Callum can you take off your shirt for me, I want to listen to your heart and lungs properly." The boy stiffened beside him and looked up with tear filled eyes, bright brown orbs that made John feel horrible. "I... I'm not supposed to. Daddy says it's against the rules." John braced himself for what he was about to see. "It's okay Callum, you can show me. I won't hurt you, I promise." The slip of a boy bit his lip, clearly torn as to what to do. "Just do what he asks Cal, you'll be in trouble if you don't" finally the girl at the door chimed in and clearly Callum didn't want to be in trouble because he unzipped his jacket carefully and held his arms in the air. Gently John tugged his t-shirt up and over his head, holding back the grimace at the sight that revealed itself. His entire left side was covered in bruises at various stages of healing and his arms were no better, the outline of two hands molded into the soft skin. What he really payed attention to were the protruding ribs and flat stomach. "Callum" he began, so softly that the only person who would hear was the boy "when did you last eat?" He looked confused, like John was some sort of alien to ask. "Last week. If I'm good and follow the rules Daddy might give me more in a few days." John felt sick, so much so that he had to close his eyes and compose himself for a minute. "You can put your
“John?” He breathed disbelievingly, his gulp audible in the silence of the flat. “What…you’re here.”
“What happened between us the last time I was here John?” Sherlock asked without preamble, staring intently up at John, who shuffled awkwardly for a moment before sighing.
"Calm down Sherlock honestly you'd think you had feelings" Mycroft drawled in that infuriating manner of his, the one that made Sherlock want to simultaneously kick him in the balls and punch him in the face. Calm down. How on earth was he supposed to calm down?! He was going to die! "Funny enough Mycroft I didn't know that there was a cake around that would make you so irritable. How is that diet going?" Sherlock asked sarcastically, spinning his phone absent mindedly through his fingers. Mycroft gritted his teeth. "As unfortunate as this is for the both of us Sherlock it seems as if we will be needing each other for the foreseeable future, and I do not intend to waste my time bickering with you." Sherlock had to admit that Mycroft had a point. This was going to be the hardest thing he'd ever done, not just physically but emotionally. Loathe to admit the fact that he did have emotions, Sherlock was not so dull as to think he'd be able to walk away from this unscathed. In fact he knew he wouldn't.
"I had planned on sleeping but it's not going very well. John... if you want to back out I would understand. In fact you marrying me would be so far beyond my understanding, I already cannot fathom why you agreed to this relationship, and the Mary situation... I am a man, John. I will never not be that, I will never not be myself in all my rude, insulting, arrogant, carelessness. You could have anyone. Are you sure this, I, am what you want?" John clutched him tighter to his body, feeling the race of his pulse through his chest. "Oh Sherlock. You are exactly what I want. I had thought maybe you mightn't want me but... this whole separation thing doesn't seem to be going well for either of us." Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief and stroked his hand up and down John's back. "No it doesn't. Usually I would love to be alone with my thoughts but tonight they aren't quite as pleasant as I would have hoped. I think I prefer it when we are alone together."
. He was then poked and prodded until he broke into a grin and contributed to the staff’s not-so-harmonious rendition of
"Oh." Sherlock said quietly into the soft fabric of John's tshirt, enraptured by the steady thrum of his heartbeat and the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest.
"It's not much. In the summers when Mummy and Father wanted rid of me, this was where first Mycroft and I and then I alone would be sent. I spent some of the best and the worst summers of my life here, I thought you might enjoy it, of course there's a contingency plan if you don't I can make the call right now and-"
"But I thought you weren't due for another week or two? Oh my God!"
The road was deserted when they arrived, and John's car was the only one in the lot. With more tenderness than anyone had shown him, John gently settled him into the passenger seat of the car and was in the driver seat moments later. "Did you enjoy your run, Mr Watson?" a disembodied voice chimed as John turned the keys in the ignition. Sherlock whipped round before hissing in pain and moving much more slowly back into the correct sitting position. "What is this voice that knows your name?" he asked curiously, examining the interior of the car for anything he didn't recognise. Chuckling, John soothed a hand across his battered ribs "That would be Jarvis. He's an AI Tony built ages back, the whole tower and all of our cars and phones are Jarvis wired. It was lovely thanks Jarvis, This is Sherlock Holmes by the way, I'm bringing him back to the tower so I can fix him up." This time when the voice sounded Sherlock strained his ears instead of his body."A pleasure to meet you Mr. Holmes. Traffic is minimal, ETA twenty minutes. Shall I inform the team of your impending arrival?" A small crease appeared on Sherlock's face and if John did that kind of thing without getting to know a person first he'd have kissed that line away. "The team?" he ventured,waiting for John's reply. "Yeah" he chuckled again "The Avengers they're called when they're working, really it's just Tony Stark aka owner and builder of Stark tower. Billionaire, Genius, Philanthropist… also known as Iron man. Bruce Banner, aka The Hulk, Natasha Romanoff aka The Spider, Clint Barton aka Hawkeye and finally Steve Rogers aka Captain America. Oh! and Director Fury but the chances of him being there are pretty slim." Sherlock wrinkled his nose up. Just what he needed, an abundance of stupidity in one building that he would have to remain in for the time being, at least until he could find a better offer. "… but that's Happy for you, and then there's Mrs. H, she's the housekeeper but really she's more like a mum to everyone." John finished with a nostalgic smile as they sailed through the mid morning traffic. Sherlock remained silent, he could feel the low throb of pain all over his body and quite frankly it seemed better to grit his teeth than lash out at the one potential ally he had on this planet.
"You're worse than I am, and I'm the one about to birth a child. Babies don't really like to follow the schedules we set out for them, even when they are planned down to the minute" (Mycroft had become just a bit of an insane person when he'd been told by Sherlock that he was going to be an uncle, Greg was pretty sure he had this baby's life scheduled out from labour to the first three years. It was his way of showing his support, and Lestrade was pretty sure that John and Sherlock appreciated it.)
"Piss off." He burst into laughter and Sherlock joined him, a fact that seemed to surprise him.
By the time Mycroft had reappeared Sherlock was dressed and waiting, mask of indifference firmly back in place. If Mycroft noticed anything different about him (the carefully concealed raw edges of emotion that had Sherlock in a state of complete confusion on top of the sense of loss he was feeling), he said nothing, compelled for once by filial affection to hold his tongue. That being said, he did take particular note of the reaction, wondering if something deeper than the surface connection he had witnessed was in play. Their walk through the twisting corridors of St Bart's was done in silence, which made Sherlock's searching eyes all the more noticeable. “
“That he's never come across someone like you before. Nothing for ye to worry about. Alrighty then. The drug should be mostly out of your system by no-”
“Fine. Right as rain. Now if you'd kindly sign off my release papers, I'd be out of your hair before you know it.” Sherlock huffed.
“I’ll have you know I have an extensive vocabulary, but I cannot argue the matter with you at present, my woolens are soaking - did you know that the front door is frozen quite shut? I had to jimmy poor Mrs Hudson’s window”
"I for one am not planning on spending this week red as a Manchester united fan on match day, I'll meet you inside." Mycroft had a small laugh himself at the shock on their faces as he strolled inside and away from the sun's harsh rays. Sir Alex had been a very useful contact in the past, something that had not changed even after his ill advised retirement, although they didn't need to know that. He'd barely made it past the threshold when he began hearing sounds of movement as the boot was opened and bags removed, Sherlock's feigned voice of boredom drifting inside in bursts. It was good to be back.
"Where are we headed exactly Sherlock?" Sherlock gave John the how-on-earth-have-you-not-figured-it-out-yet stare before launching into a brief overview of why they were going to the West London Christian brothers church. John peppered the conversation with various brilliant and amazings. Sherlock made the executive decision to keep one small inkling to himself. He needed to see the man for himself to know for certain, and he wanted to be positive. The taxi pulled to a halt outside the modest stone building and John quickly payed, jogging to catch Sherlock as he made his way to the park bench across the way. A stake out would be perfect, plus it was almost sunny and would be warm for another few hours at least.
"Morning love. Do we have time for tea before we go?" Sherlock thrust a travel mug into his hands before dragging him quietly outside and into the drive where one of Mycroft's classic black cars awaited them with luggage already in tow. There was movement on the lawn and Sherlock chivvied John into the car and knocked on the partition to signal the driver that they could go. The last thing anyone needed was to deal with a hung over, almost totally nude Lestrade rising from the grass first thing in the morning.
“Do you know” John began softly, slipping onto his knees as he leaned into Sherlock’s ear, “what it was?” He felt him swallow against his hand as the moment lengthened and Sherlock, slower than treacle, turned to face him. With barely a hand span between them, Sherlock’s wide eyed look and soft headshake were cinematic, and his shaky breathing raised goosebumps on John’s neck. He let a delicate smile cross his face.
“Piss off, Mycroft,” came the standard reply. What else was there to say to a meddlesome elder brother?
But Sherlock simply held up a hand. “No. Something happened, that much is obvious, and I’m certain that it was important. You’ve been avoiding me, and yet checking in at every opportunity. You almost ran out of here the last time we spoke, but you called Lestrade to keep my mind busy, something you would only have known to do if we had talked about it before. Even now,” he ran his eyes over John, noting the nervous tugging down of his sleeve, the way his eyes were drifting from Sherlock’s own to his lips, his arm, and back again. “You’re practically screaming it at me. So, sit there, and tell me. Everything, John. I’ll know if you don’t.”
“May I?” he asked softly, hands whispering down Sherlock’s quivering flanks, toying with his shirt-tails.
?” That knocked John out of his reverie as surely as ice water. “Whatever about me?”
"Noticing Sebastian in the corps was simple: he had people drooling over him all damn day. Objectively he was good looking, in a war scarred sort of way. I think it was his eyes that got people though, one brown and one blue crossed with a jagged scar from a knife attack. There was that and his talent. He was, still is, the sharpest shooter I've ever seen. He put instructors to shame, like a one man army. I was second best, and we kind of had it out for each other, trying to... Almost impress the other. I was a doctor, sure, but a soldier first. Helping people took a backseat during that first month, up until my first death." He shuddered, as if he disgusted himself. "Still, Moran and I were competing. He got his own battalion, and I got mine. They disappeared off base for a mission and that was fine with me, ten less men to worry about treating. It was around that time that skirmishes began to become more frequent, land mines, carbombs, enemy fire. I worked hard, fought hard, and people respected me for it. I was a damn good soldier. Sebastian came back with his squadron, minus a couple, and I kept my distance. That wasn't going to last." Sherlock's ears pricked up. Anger, bitterness, disgust, all cataloged away for later inspection.
Sherlock pondered a while longer, ultimately coming to the conclusion that the data set he was clinging on to was still irritably
“What? God, no! She's lovely, she is, but-” John cut off, eyes darting to Sherlock's and back, cheeks reddening. “I.. There’s someone else, erm-”
Dream a little dream of me."
Holmes swallowed. “It’s about you.”
“My, my. Getting ahead of ourselves, are we? Already on first name basis with the doctor -- whom you may have just remembered -- is not actually
Sherlock held John against him,  chest to chest as they danced in the throng,  elated still at the novel sensation of  a wedding ring against his skin,  his husband against his chest, smiling wickedly as he moved against him in ways that called into question the level of public decency that was required. Then again, He could spot two couples who'd had sex under a bridge in the past three to six hours and another five that had seen them, and  that was just the ones that had lingered.  There were of course 'Policia' hanging about but they were incredibly lax, waiting, Sherlock suspected with some degree of respect, for a real crime to be committed.  Which left them in the blissful position of being able to do pretty much anything they liked. This, this was freedom.
Sherlock didn't notice that he had walked down the steps and was now among the crowd that surrounded John. The beat changed and so too did John's movements. His hips gyrating more, coloured beams bouncing off his buttons to the distinctive sound of Rihanna's Birthday Cake. God Sherlock wanted him, wanted to touch his blogger, do everything he ever thought about doing. John would be his. He'd set his mind to it now. One of the women seemed to have beaten off the rest because she had her back pressed against John's chest, arm wrapped around his neck softly. Her lips touched his jaw and Sherlock was furious. They were leaving right now.
Last night. That was really the place to start seeing as he'd been thinking about it ever since. He'd actually considered stepping into Sherlock's space and kissing the arrogant sod speechless, and while he'd been pretty sure about his sexuality until now, his mind, contrary to what he'd have expected, was totally on board with that plan. Still was in truth. He didn't have a problem with being gay or anything, but he really wasn't sure if that was what this was. It could have been the culmination of a stressful situation, an explosion of tension between the only two people there? He looked back over the past three years he'd known Sherlock, and the two he'd spent mourning him (he'd grown a mourn-stache for Let's sake) and quickly came to the realisation that perhaps his feelings for Sherlock had been growing all the time, he'd just kind of ignored them, and then of course there was the whole dead thing, so really, it wasn't exactly his fault that he'd not discovered them before.
Paula winced. “Are you sure?”
"Bienvenue à la France monsieurs, venez, il y a une voiture pour vous au parking, si vous voulez il y a un chauffeur mais le Holmes aîne a pensé que vous preférè faire ça?"
Fair point. Tomorrow then. -SH
"If you are amenable I would... I cannot think of a way to inquire without sounding pornographic, but I would taste you, if you are amenable, and after, when we have both found our release, I would take you to bed with me simply for the pleasure of being at your side." Sherlock could barely breathe, the thought of John's competent tongue coaxing him to climax and perhaps even seeing John's own release, added on to John's desire to lay with him in the most innocent sense of the word simply took his breath from him. John's eyes bored into his own, blue as the sky and sparkling as he nodded his consent.
"I'm going, I'm going, time is of the essence and all that, I just don't see why he would put them in--"
"What about you John, I hear that you were in the army" "Yes, Afghanistan. Beautiful country really, lovely people until they start shooting at you" She smirked at that, smirking must run in the family, John thought to himself. "Mycroft tells me you were quite the ladies man" Testing him. "I was, very stupid of me I think now, considering the fact that I could have had Sherlock all along otherwise but, what can you do?" She nodded very slightly and the conversation continued onto lighter topics for a while. "Sherlock, Mycroft, go and fetch dessert. Now, both of you, go on." Sherlock stared at John, the flicker of worry returning to his otherwise seamless facade. His eyes stayed on John's until Mycroft shut the door behind them.
Soon only four were left. Molly, Lily, Anthea and Sally herself, all in various states of sobriety ranging from vaguely to very much not. The group had moved to the bedroom, Lily and Molly draped across the bed while Sally was on Anthea's lap in the armchair, deeming it "A damn sight warmer than either of you sticks." Anthea had smirked at that. "We should do something!" Lily cried, vaulting her body into a sitting position, still crackling with energy. Sally raised an eyebrow "like what? I don't know about you but I'm not getting up for anything except maybe food, Annie here doesn't really have the option if I'm not and Molly should stay off her feet because come the wedding she'll not want to walk ever again." Lily stuck out her tongue "So as long as no one has to move we're all good? Brilliant! How about we play 'Who's The?' God remember in school when Jack said you were the prettiest Mols ,and then when they asked him for his explanation he said it was because you never made scrunched up kissy faces?!" Lily clutched her sides laughing and even Molly had to admit that it was quite funny.
Irene = Susie
"John!" Sherlock's unique baritone floated towards him and John knew he was being petty and ridiculous when he sped up because Sherlock would a) not even have to change his pace and b) had no idea why he would be so upset but he wanted to do something at least, put on a show of evasion even if he never could avoid the man even if he wanted to."John."
"Yes, I was an army surgeon and I did get shot in the left shoulder meaning I had to come home, and Harry and I don't get along, Harry and Clara separated three months ago, and Harry is a drinker." Sherlock's smug grin was something even the cheshire cat would have been envious of. "And Harry is short for Harriet." Sherlock cursed "There's always something! Sister of course!" and the man chuckled lowly again. "Are you going to lay on the ground all day or would you be up to coming back to my place so I can patch you up a bit? Oh, and I'm John by the way. John Watson." Sherlock rolled the name about in his mouth. John Watson. Huh. "Sherlock Holmes-" He cut himself off from saying Holmeson, because he was going to have enough trouble remembering the backstory he'd invented for Mrs Hudson that he'd labelled unimportant after the event (foolish, Sherlock a voice in his head that sounded irritatingly similar to Mycroft admonished) without adding a last name that had only been in use back when Earth had been over run with barbarians they called vikings.
This. This was what he had always wanted to do for
"Yes quite a loss to the community, I suspect we shall have to ask the guild to procure another coffin maker for us" Sherlock listened in silence, gossiping housewives in the aftermath of a funeral were a veritable font of information.
The buzzing began anew and Sherlock, realising it was his phone grabbed it, answered the call yelled an angry "BUSY!" down the line and hung up, turning it off as he did. John laughed, the vibrations humming through Sherlock and he was off again, feeling the knot of fire in his stomach grow and his muscles tighten. He exploded into John's mouth, eyes rolling back in his head and it took a few minutes before he could open his eyes. When he did he lifted John from the floor and placed him on the desk, kneeling on the ground between his legs and grinned wickedly, grabbing the scarf and pulling him in for a deep kiss before taking John to the hilt in one fell swoop. John let out a strangled cry of what might have been his name and Sherlock began to suck, knowing John would not last long after his display minutes earlier. The wonderful sounds of John's moans were cut off by his phone ringing obnoxiously in his trousers and Sherlock decided that it would be fun to mess with John a bit, make him stew. He picked up the phone and answered it, then held it to John's ear. "John Sherlock won't answer his phone and we have a case that we need him for can you-" John put his fist in his mouth to hold back the sounds that were threatening to break free. "He's busy right now- Sherlock! Tomorrow." Sherlock could hear snippets of what Lestrade was saying and he decided to take matters into his own hands. He moved faster, sucking and licking until John was tense with the effort of holding back. With a sly wink Sherlock covered the mic of the phone and John came hard with a bellow of his name. Sherlock removed himself with a satisfying pop and licked his lips before bringing the phone back to his own ear. "Like I said we are very very busy and I'd appreciate you dealing with what is most certainly an uninteresting case with the hoard of baboons you employ. Have a lovely evening Detective, John and I assuredly will" The smile Sherlock gave was more akin to that of the cheshire cat than anything else. He flipped the phone off and swept around the room, still stark naked, picking up their discarded clothes and dropping them into John's lap. "As much as I hate asking you to get dressed" he eyed John's debauched body like an predator staking claim "I would prefer that we continue at home, wouldn't want any evidence of our presence to very left behind." John struggled into his trousers and coat, the shirt was a lost cause "Your wish is my command Mr Watson Holmes" John grinned as he slipped on his shoes and Sherlock did the same, both savoring the sound of what would be their new name. They were engaged, and life had never seemed so worthwhile until this moment, for either of them.
The next five days passed with little incident, although John had to be calmed many times to avoid him murdering a gossiping relative in his defense of Sherlock (a fact that Sherlock found endlessly lovely), and Greg would have to abort many affectionate gestures (the realisation of just how many made Mycroft blush at how sappy they were), the final night of the relatives stay had arrived, as had about five hundred other people dressed in glamorous ball gowns and tuxes.
With all this in mind, Sherlock propositioned John over tea. "From Christmas eve to New years day." John peered at him over the top of the paper "Are you going to elaborate or is this one of those times I'm supposed to be able to deduce what you mean because if it is I don't think you'll be very pleased…" Sherlock rolled his eyes, smirking slightly. "Those are the dates during which we have been invited, or rather ordered, to stay with Mummy. The Holmes Christmas calendar is rather full and utterly dull for the most part, however I've never had a John there with me before so I cannot say with any certainty that it would be the same this time around. We're looking at Christmas dinner with the family, As in Mummy, Mycroft, myself, and hopefully you and Lestrade. Boxing day is for relaxation after the affairs of the day before, and up until New years eve we should mostly be left to our own devices. New years eve is the night of Mummy's annual party and it's a tedious affair filled almost exclusively with vacuous people that I detest and that reciprocate the sentiment. The only people in attendance worth meeting would be my cousins Sherrinford and Aurora and their families." John snickered into his paper. "I can't believe how mad your names are! I have never heard of anyone outside of a Disney movie called Aurora and Sherrinford well that's just… But you like them?" Sherlock glowered and played with the handle of his cup. "Like is not a term I would generally apply, but I suppose in this case it's applicable. They're part of the French quarter of the family so we didn't meet very often, but being of similar age and sharing a dislike of the events we were forced to attend… Yes I suppose I like them." John smiled. It had taken a long enough time to get Sherlock to admit that he considered some people to be his friends, and to know that he had family members, albeit foreign ones that he barely saw, that he liked was comforting. The idea of a young Sherlock being tormented and lonely tore at John's heart even now and if these two cousins offered a brief respite from that he was sure he would love to meet them. "Alright, it's been a while since you spent Christmas with your family anyway" he grinned "plus this will give me the chance to see any baby pictures!" Sherlock groaned and John laughed happily, forgetting at least for the time being his melancholy.
Greg walked in at that moment and took in the intimate sight of his agents. While he was against meddling, he couldn't abide by cheating because he had been on the receiving end of a cheater and it was not something he would wish on anyone. He remembered that as he sat awkwardly next to Donovan who pulled away from Anderson sharpish, turning a bright shade of pink and casually depositing something in her pocket. "How soon can you have the paperwork from the case of the blue - I mean the Kent murders ?" Lestrade looked between them, waiting for an adequate response. "I'm just finishing up my report actually, should be finished by this evening." Donovan responded, avoiding the judgmental gaze of her boss. "Good, on my desk as soon as you're done. Anderson?" Jim reached into his bag and drew a manila folder from within. "Have to wait for the official autopsy report still but apart from that everything is in there." Cheek of him, Sally thought. The only reason her report wasn't finished while his was came down to an empty office last night. He worked on his report, she worked on him. Life could be so unfair. "Thanks. Lunch is almost over, we should probably go." He gave them both a look and waited until they scurried off to leave himself. Later, while he sat idly in his car, he wondered what it was that Sally had shoved in her pocket so hastily.
, I'm so sorry I was silent, surely you must have known how I loved you from the moment I was introduced?" Sherlock shook his head.
In the end Sherlock didn't have to text Mycroft because the man appeared on John's armchair miraculously when Sherlock returned from his room. "I'd say I was surprised but you always appear when John gets the shopping. Is it on the off chance that he brings home cake?" Sherlock asked dryly, plopping himself down onto the couch. Mycroft gave him a look "I hear John has fully recovered from last week. I came to see for myself but apparently he's not here." Sherlock glowered at his self satisfied smirk. "I'm thinking of proposing" he said casually, though his stomach had tied itself into a very irritating knot. Even still he craved the approval of his brother. "Proposing what?" Mycroft asked, and Sherlock was dumbfounded once more by the strangeness of them both just as he had been when The woman had supposedly died. "Marriage Mycroft. Proposing marriage to John." The carefully constructed mask Mycroft wore shattered and his eyebrows flew up in surprise. "Really?" Sherlock nodded. "Congratulations brother." Mycroft shuffled in his seat and Sherlock restarted the flow of information he would usually get from people. Dark circles under eyes: late nights, Slight movement of neck: Slept on uncomfortable surface- couch, Mused hair: worry. Problem with Lestrade, caused by Mycroft. Most likely due to being closed off and resorting to insults or indifference to protect own feelings. "We deserve good things too Mycroft, there's nothing wrong with wanting them." Mycroft smiled wryly at him and fiddled with the top of his umbrella. "Thank you Sherlock. Now tell me your plan of action." And he did. By the end Mycroft was smirking and had made arrangements for the first part of his plan. "I'll have an assistant bring them round to you when John is otherwise occupied.I'll bid you adieu then Sherlock. Be in touch." and he slunk off, the door just about closed when Tony, Edgar's grandson arrived. With Sherlock's assistance they maneuvered the table upstairs and settled it into the familiar spot. He was gone almost as soon as he had arrived, and Sherlock sat back, content that his plan was in motion, and texted Molly, telling her he'd be in the morgue tomorrow. He was going to get that advice one way or another.
I know there is something rather significant that I have not written, but you know, don't you? How could you possibly not know how much I love you? Love is a chemical defect found in the losing side, and I would happily be part of the losing side forever if it meant that you loved me too. I love you so much that my heart clenched just thinking of you, it's rather disconcerting actually and highly illogical but I think I like it, a reminder that you are the only heart I'm likely to have. I am here John, in your position exactly on the other side of the world and taking comfort in the idea that perhaps the air that I'm breathing has passed through your lungs before being carried to me. I will never stop telling you how much you have come to mean to me when I come home. Wait for me, my dearest John. I will come home for you.
an impressive shot" Sherlock smirked across at him from his microscope. John barked out a laugh "At this stage Sherlock we could set up a psychic office on the side with the amount of times you just know what I'm thinking." Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned back to the slide before him, shaking his head ever so slightly "Wrong." and that was all he would say on the subject. "John?" John looked up from the medical journal he'd been feigning interest in "Sherlock?" "I need some. Get me some!" John snickered a bit at that and Sherlock looked baffled by his reaction. "Sorry Lock, bit of a double meaning in that. You know as well as I do that something will come up, whether it's private or with Lestrade is luck of the draw really, well, misfortune of the victim actually..." Sherlock sighed and stared blankly at the blood sample that seemed to stare back at him.
After some preliminary mother henning on both their parts and assurances that everything would go perfectly, they'd not have to worry about a thing, John was chivvied outside by Mrs Hudson who wanted to do... something with Sherlock that John hadn't quite managed to catch in between the stream of inane chatter she used to hide her motives without lying. She was quite good at it too, and soon he was surrounded by the entire Ledger clan.
Sherlock winced, the knuckles of his hand protesting, but he barely had time to contemplate his next move before Ricoletti was snarling, and there was a blur of movement all around, and he could feel something wrench into his side before being withdrawn, but it's all just transport, and so in the ensuing struggle, Ricoletti’s skull made contact with the railing in a satisfying crunch. He staggered backwards, clutching his head and swaying. For a brief moment Sherlock wondered if he was actually going to keep attacking but all at once Ricoletti was tilting over the railing in a daze, but not before he grabbed hold of the nearest possible support, promptly dragging Sherlock Holmes into the Thames along with him.
"You ready for this? I mean, I know it's not technically official or anything and I know it seems like rushing but I want to do this with you, here, you know?" Sherlock grinned back at him and nodded, knowing exactly what he meant.
The plan had been to meet Greg and Mycroft at the other end of their trip, so John was suitably surprised to see the two men strolling towards them. Sherlock just rolled his eyes and stood up, reaching back down to take John's hand in his and walked them both over to meet the other pair in the middle.
The present from the Yard actually left him a bit choked up when he saw it, the twinned magnifying glasses engraved with Consulting detective and Blogger accompanied by a very full letter, with little snippets from each officer they'd worked with giving congratulations and one even thanking them for helping him win the pool they'd had going. It was clear the gift had been Donovan's idea, the handwriting on the box alone made that much obvious. He would have to thank her, maybe a nice solved case with her name on it, she wasn't entirely incompetent after all. The sound of pages being turned made him look up to find John staring in awe at a book bound in leathery material and likely hand designed to hold the various artistic works of the extended Ledger clan.
Just before he sinks down, John looks up at Sherlock’s face and is floored. The man looks wrecked, head thrown back in ecstasy, chest heaving while he clutches desperately at the sheets. “If it is too much I can continue with my hand.”
"Where... what am I supposed to...?" In this, John had the knowledge, the art of it, and Sherlock, stiffening as he was under the hungry gaze John was giving him, did not know what was expected of him.
Later on, when they finally arrived home John immediately made his way to the shower. "John?" Sherlock was confused by that, usually tea came first. He had been watching John intently the whole way home and his expressive face showed something not unlike discomfort for the majority of the journey home. He heard John stifle a laugh. "I have to wash away my sins" and John exploded with laughter. Sherlock waited paitently for him to finish, holding back a smile. "Is that why you looked so uncomfortable? You've been waiting to make that joke all evening?" John could only nod as he wiped tears out of his eyes. "Sorry! Oh God that was just... It was too ironic!" John had sobered significantly when he spoke next. "Going to hell, if there is one, wouldn't be too bad would it?"Sherlock pressed him back against the wall "At least there's criminals, genii and an abundance of sex available in hell. After all we'd be there forever!" He whispered, his voice low, directly into John's ear. That tone alone was almost too much, but putting it with Sherlock talking about sex? John was dragging him to the bedroom in seconds. Sinfully good.
John was drifting through his days, running through the motions like a well programmed machine, but always he wondered if maybe Sherlock would have been open to starting something between them, maybe even to the point where he would be willing to look at John's soul mark, just so they could know once and for all. It was stupid now, having all these ‘What if’s?’ when he'd been in a position to actually find out and had been too cowardly to take the chance.
They don't call me the best for nothing. We're leaving now, get My to send a car for you? -GL
Slowly but surely Sherlock inched closer. “Why kill her in the first place, that's what I don't understand. It was clear from her home that Emilia still cared deeply for you, if you had have asked it seems highly likely that she would have helped you financially. Oh!” He was close enough now to see the truth rush across Ricoletti’s face. “Oh I see. The money wasn't ever really the issue, was it. This was about Emilia, personally. Was it the budding romance with her old horse riding instructor? No? Perhaps it was the way that she cut you completely out of her life.”
Sherlock had his head turned towards him, eyes wide open and boring into John's. That gaze then jumped to their entwined hands and back again, prompting John to hesitantly relinquish his hold, his face burning with mortification at being caught. The fact that Sherlock's tubing had all been removed already suggested that this wasn't the first time he'd been caught today either. He owed whomever had left him sleep instead of mortifying him further big time.
He'd met them as soon as they stepped onto the platform and had babbled nonstop in rapid french since, and kept at it as he walked them to the doors of the tiny station.
Snarling, Sebastian wheeled around and curled his hand into a fist. John could only wait as he saw the appendage hurtling towards his face. It struck just above his cheekbone, and he was thankful that this wouldn't lead to a shattered cheek. Facial reconstructive surgery would cost a fortune. His head was throbbing and by the time Sebastian tired of hitting his face John could barely see, let alone speak. He'd been incredibly careful to keep his tongue out from between his teeth, but it wasn't worth risking accidentally biting it off just to make a remark. It was around then that John realised he really couldn't hear Sebastian all that well, his voice just faded into the background. Come to think of it the groggy feeling had gotten worse, the whole world was muffled and John was tired. His eyes drooped and he fought to keep them open, he had to stay awake. Sherlock needed him awake.
Deep in thought, Sherlock did not notice when Doctor Stamford came in, clipboard in hand. “How are we doing today, Mr Holmes?” he asked, drifting over to the monitors on Sherlock's left to make notes.
John said gently as he led him towards the grand oak for
Greg was mercifully available, and if he didn't believe before now John was certain that there was a God out there who was perpetually looking down on him. The pub was relatively busy for a Thursday night, being the halfway point between 221 and the Yard made it a frequent stop when John and Greg went out together. The low hum of voices rumbled softly and unobtrusively in the background as he sat at the bar and ordered two pints, waiting for Lestrade who was frequently late for these get togethers. Not that John had an issue with that, on the contrary. Usually this alone time was spent trying to think of things to talk about that didn't involve either of their partners. Not an easy task at all he was slightly embarrassed to admit. Greg trundled in with a weary grin on his face a little while later and John realised with a jolt that they hadn't had a proper non case related chat since... God since before the Moran situation. "Sorry mate, you know how it is" Greg smiled as he sat down and picked up his glass "Ta for this by the way, been so swamped lately I haven't been able to breathe let alone go for a pint. We'd an inspection there last week and I swear to whatever's out there if I have to redo one more bit of shoddy paperwork I'll arrest myself when I murder the rest of them." John laughed heartily and realised how much he had missed this, talking to someone who wasn't five steps ahead all the time, who liked pints and footie and a chat about something other than corpses and other typical case related issues. Still in the back of his mind he was wondering what Sherlock was up to, missing him even though they'd been at each other all day everyday for weeks. God he was getting needy... He shoved those thoughts deep into the recesses of his mind and settled into his stool. "I wouldn't blame you, plus Sherlock would get a real kick out of that. He might even send you flowers for it" John laughed and Greg smiled brightly.
John huffed. “Right, okay,
“Yes.” Sherlock shows him the insect clasped between the tweezers. “It’s quite small, and doesn’t look as though it has sucked any blood yet.”
“Then you’ll have to be quick to get your stuff before I’ve slipped in and locked the door.”
“Do you seriously believe I read that rubbish?”
Sherlock beams at John. “He didn’t change the key settings, John. He was lazy, or perhaps he was a in a hurry or there was some other factor that prevented him from changing the settings – standard procedure after every transmission, and for good reason. He should have altered them, but he didn’t. He didn’t. Oh, this is gold, John. Have copies made immediately, and then we need to find Kenworthy again and hopefully a telephone. Tiltman must learn of this. From the amount of text – and variables – he’s getting from these two messages he might be able to construct a crib.”
“I hope you didn’t just steal them, Kimmy,” her mother said sternly.
John laughs. Sherlock studies his face. Some awkwardness from their encounter in the kitchen remains written on his features. John’s eyes and nose still bear traces of crying, and he looks exhausted. He’s had a bit of a think, too, and is still frowning slightly. But he looks much better. If any crippling self-doubt is lingering, he has locked it away again.
Mrs. Hudson leans back in her chair, taking a bite of a biscuit and smiling to herself. “I may be old, but I’m not daft, young man. Nor am I blind. The way you were looking at each other even before you left for London was enough to make me suspicious. Moreover, I had noted you down as a queer one right from the start. Don’t know why. You just seemed the type.” She holds up a hand when Sherlock is about to enquire what this ‘queer type’ is characterised by, although he thinks he can imagine, having been called poofter and fairy at school before the epitaph ‘Freak’ became established, which seemed to incorporate everything his peers found annoying and alarming about him without the need for further specification.
“Well, there appears to be a film about a man returning from the American Civil War and assuming the identity of a farmer, successfully fooling the man’s wife and the local community with his astounding knowledge about their personal lives.”
BRENDA CONNOLLY MISSED MEETING STOP FRIEND SAID SHE HAD DATE WITH MAN IN SILVER CONVERTIBLE POSSIBLY FROM BUCKINGHAM STOP. BRENDA NOT HAPPY WITH HIM. RING ME AT LANDLADIES AS MORE TO FOLLOW STOP MOLLY”
By the time the road winds out of dark fir woods and reaches the shores of Barrage de Roselend, an artificial lake a few kilometres below the mountain pass, Wiggins has joined the breakaway group after what must have been a hellish ride up the sharp bends of the pass-road. John wonders whether he’ll manage to keep up with the five others whose lead hasn’t decreased dramatically, meaning that Magnussen is still the bearer of the
“Hail?” asks John. The man nods. “Road bad.
“I don’t need a scarf to remember you, John,” says Sherlock warmly, trying to hide how touched he is by the gift. It’s beautiful, and will come in handy in winter indeed. “Thank you. It’s perfect.”
“Suicide?” asks Sherlock. Suddenly, Virginia Woolf has become a lot more interesting. Now he remembers why her name sounded vaguely familiar. He must have read about her demise in the papers. “How did she die?”
“Yeah. Maybe. I don’t know. I mean, our job is dangerous. We both know that, and that in part is why we love it. Doesn’t stop me from worrying about you, though.”
“Did you see his face?” John wants to know.
John chuckled and stretched to be able to reach under the bed. “The things I do for you.”
“Yes, that’s what we found odd and suspicious as well. But as I said, he and the other two were of the opinion that most men riding this Tour use doping some way or the other, but that only idiots get caught. And those that don’t cheat aren’t successful.”
Ivan looked at him in alarm.
“Yes. And what we know about her seems to confirm that. After all, why keep The Woman’s perfumed and lipstick-stained handkerchief otherwise? No, evidence suggests that their love was genuine, and mutual.”
“Okay. Can you make it into the bathroom? Good. Guess you’ll need help with undressing. I’ll be with you in a moment. Let me just briefly use the loo.”
Sherlock is familiar with shared facilities as well from his days at Harrow, although he doesn’t recall them fondly, particularly having to shower with the other boys and endure their jibes and bullying because of his slight, somewhat disproportionate frame and his late entering into puberty, as if he had any say in the matter. But it’s not like he will be required to strip for John Watson, who, being a doctor, has seen all kinds of strange bodyshapes anyway.
“Ultimately, it was your idea,” his friend answered. “Or rather, your father’s.”
Moving over to the bed closer to the door, he picks up John’s briefcase. Although Mrs. Cook said she’d provide toiletries, Sherlock is convinced John has at least packed a comb, judging from his tidiness and seemingly endless supply of handkerchiefs. And there it is, together with more hankies. Sherlock takes the comb and stands in front of the mirror, where he tries to tame his hair a little. A chuckle from the doorway makes him turn.
“I very much hope so.”
“Good day, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson,” he greets them, donning his hat and reaching for his mac which he throws over one arm. Then he picks up a large envelope. “I’m actually glad you could make it. I have news for you. We can discuss everything in the car.”
It doesn’t take long for either. Just when John is considering a gentle application of teeth to the nipple, Sherlock tenses even more. The grip of his hands becomes almost painful. He cries out, wetness erupts over John’s hand in several hot pulses, and Sherlock becomes limp and boneless under him, melting into the mattress, his hands sliding from John’s body, the only signs of life the hammering pulse in his throat and his rapidly moving chest.
“Bloody hypocrite,” comments John, looking adequately disgusted. “Do you know what his son’s political views are like?”
“You making a come-back after all these years and being as successful as you are.”
Sherlock shrugged, looking both exasperated, impatient and angry at himself for having to ask for support at all. He also looked like he wished to simply let himself fall and not worry about anything for a while. He huffed out a breath, then raised his chin again as if in challenge.
Sherlock turns his head to be able to look at him, drawing in a sharp breath as he does so. “Why are you so angry?” he enquires. “This is not the first time a rider has manufactured an accident. It even happened to you during an earlier stage.”
“Can’t have been easy, with all those rich, snotty brats one would expect to attend a school like this, picking on all those who are ... different.”
Mrs. Cook insists on showing them the room, which is situated on the first floor. One window is overlooking the main road and the village green. The other, framed by trees, shows a bit of garden to the side of the building. What used to be a lawn and flower beds have been turned into a potato field framed by rows of leeks and onions. The room is small and plainly furnished with two beds and bedside tables, a chest of drawers with a mirror, a pitcher with water and a large washing bowl set on top of it. There is a chair standing in front of it, and an old oak wardrobe occupying most of the left-hand wall. A flowery border covers the upper part of the walls which otherwise bear a plain, slightly faded wallpaper with a geometric pattern. The wooden floorboards creak at every step. The ceiling is low with exposed wooden beams running through it. Sherlock almost hits his head on the low-hanging porcelain lampshade. Heavy blackout curtains have been added to the thin white cotton ones, but are now drawn back to allow some sunlight into the room.
“Indeed I do,” comes the baritone from the other end of the jetty. Sherlock is walking towards them. “And I just fitted another puzzle-piece into place. I knew I’d come across her name before. Before she embarked on a somewhat questionable career as a journalist, Kitty Riley worked as an assistant to the elusive Richard Brook, owner of Brook Consulting.”
John snorted in exasperation. “That’s exactly what I mean. Why this suggestive remark? Why all this teasing, hell,
John rolls his eyes at the remark but grins. “With pleasure. What are you going to do? Search some more?”
John shakes his head, running a hand over his eyes. “I think I’ll go to bed.”
“Basically, yes. And believe me, it’s been for the best.”
“John,” he calls out as a warning, his head jerking up as his eyes fly open. John manages to lift his head just in time to avoid catching Sherlock’s discharge in his face. He strokes Sherlock through his orgasm, scooting up to be able to kiss him. Sherlock can taste some bitterness on his tongue as he shakes through his climax, panting for breath between kisses. This has been unlike those orgasms he’s had before, far more intense. What was left of the original construction of his mind palace has been utterly shattered now. But interestingly, he doesn’t mind as he relaxes into the sheets, his heart still hammering in his chest, his limbs feeling strangely heavy and yet light, as if he’s made of lead and floating at the same time.
“Later. Answer me first.”
“Why indeed.”
“No surprise there, eh? It’s fascinating you kept your leopard, though. Tut, tut, sentiment, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s heart begins to race once more, dark panic clawing at its confinement. Again he reaches into his pocket, closes his fingers round his flint.
Sherlock returns the phone to his pocket, rubs his hands to warm his fingers, and tries to whistle again. He calls out for John, too, but again receives no answer. Worry gnaws at him. Is John okay? The sound of the rolling stone ... he hasn’t fallen down on the crags, has he? He’d be looking for Sherlock by now, wouldn’t he? Unless ...
He is right. Sherlock can feel the numbness spreading, along with dizziness as his heart begins to race. He spits out what remains of the capsule, while the glass bottle slips from his hand and bounces on the floor without shattering. The damage has already been done. His hands begin to tremble, his legs refuse to bear his weight. He sways, tries to take a steadying step, stumbles and falls. Breathing is becoming difficult. With great effort, he manages to shift his increasingly unresponsive body into a stable side position. His trachea seems to swell up, but it’s probably paralysis of his muscles that are responsible for his distress.
“I’m fine.”
He watches Daniel and Vanessa exchange a doubtful glance as they ponder his professional credentials if he relies on witnesses like Ellie.
Noticing he had left his clothes on the bed, he wrapped the towel round his waist and stepped out of the bathroom. Sherlock was standing at the window, apparently checking his emails on his phone.
“I’m sure we can arrange that, should he be at home,” Lestrade assures him, and then curses under his breath when a taxi in front of him breaks suddenly. Luckily, they are not travelling at great speed. Due to several partial road blocks along Knightsbridge caused by building and repairing works, traffic is jammed and only proceeding at walking speed.
“You can, actually. It’s over there,” says Sherlock round a mouthful of dessert. He points at the blue line of hills in the distance. “But I was surveilling something closer at hand. Train the camera over there, on the new part of the town beyond the old city wall. The building with the many gables, and particularly the car park next to it.”
John was about to enquire whether the ‘friend’ Sherlock had mentioned was Victor, which seemed likely, but he refrained. Sherlock gave him a quick sideways look, indicating to John that he, in his uncanny way, had again deduced what he had been thinking. He gave a brief, brisk nod, then turned to Katie again.
Mike gives John a meaningful glance, waves to him encouragingly and leaves the room. John deposits his bag, helmet, jacket and sunglasses on the bed not occupied by Sherlock’s bag and violin case. He casts a thoughtful glance at his roommate who hasn’t stirred, but hasn’t relaxed, either. John walks over to the open window and draws a deep breath. It faces westwards, overlooking dark firs climbing the slope the hotel is built into. Behind the trees are meadows dotted with grazing cattle and some scattered houses, mountains towering over them. A squirrel is busy harvesting fir cones. John watches it for a moment, breathing in the scent of fir resin and Sherlock, offset by his own smell of sweat and the deer tallow creme he uses to prepare his cycling shorts against chafing.
. “You can get food all day round here, even in the middle of the night. And decent grub, too. Do you remember the sludge they served at the hospital on Fridays and what looked (and tasted) like the leftovers from the entire week thrown together? You won’t find that rubbish here. But of course it’s no officers’ mess, either,” he adds with a wink and a good-natured clap to the other’s shoulder
Vanessa takes a long look around. “I can’t think of anything right now. She had a small bag with her containing her pyjamas, a jumper, her toothbrush and other toiletries, a towel, likely her little pencil case and her notebook, her phone ... and at least one book, likely more. And sweets for Pippa, Benjamin and herself. Oh, and dog treats. We got some the last time we went to the supermarket.”
Luckily, John clarifies. “Is it true what you said about Janine?”
thinks Sherlock as he sits back, one hand resting on the dead woman’s shoulder as if to reassure her that at least now, her case will be solved. Now that he has found her body.
Sherlock lowered the book and glanced at John, giving him his ‘don’t be an idiot’ look. “Peacocks aren’t vain. Their display of plumage is simply part of their courtship behaviour.”
“Could you show me on the map whereabouts you saw them?” asked Sherlock. “And then we should be off.”
Sherlock blinks again. “I don’t understand.”
John moves over to his vacated spot in bed – still warm from his body – and gazes down at his dark form wrapped in the towel. Sherlock has turned his back to John. It can’t be comfortable, lying on his side on the hardwood floor. Sherlock shifts, raises his head a little as though aware of John watching him.
“Didn’t quite look like that just now, mate. Listen, I know you’re a pro like the rest, but you’ve not been in a race for a long time. I do trust you, otherwise I wouldn’t have let you join the team. But you have to trust me and the rest of us, too. Congrats on your brilliant ride today. I really mean that. But Sherlock, I need you to look after yourself and stay healthy. You can win more than this prologue in this Tour, and I want all of my riders to reach Paris, not just a select few. From now on, you’ll adhere to the agreements like everybody else. First of all, you’ll check in with Sarah regularly. You’ll wear the bloody heart rate monitor so we can keep an eye on your vitals during the race. When I tell you to slow down, you’ll slow down. You’ll eat and drink enough before each stage, during it, and afterwards. If you don’t get along with John in your shared rooms – which, honestly, I can’t imagine, because only complete arseholes don’t get along with Johnny here – we’ll find a solution. No more soloing. I mean it. You’re part of a team now, and you’re going to honour that. If that means playing water carrier, you’ll do that, too. Otherwise, I’ll kick you off as quickly as I signed you on. Understood?”
“Perhaps you should repeat the experiment,” suggests Mycroft. Sherlock loves him in that moment, truly and deeply, almost as much as he loves experimenting. Experimenting is science, and science is safe and rational and true.
John giggles happily, turning Sherlock’s heart to utter mush. How he has missed this particular giggle. “Good to know you haven’t changed. Still every bit the posh, arrogant git. God, how I missed you.”
John extends a hand towards the envelope, hesitates, withdraws it. He bites his lip. “What’s inside?” he asks, the caution and anxiety in his voice almost painful to hear. Sherlock is convinced he has a suspicion as to the contents, and decides to put John out of his misery.
killed us, it seems, by accident. Sorry about that, by the way. But we didn’t notice, you see. We just woke up with those skull-splitting headaches and you administered painkillers and lots of water and we slept it off and then stayed in the flat for a good while because we were feeling somewhat weird and out of sorts. We didn’t have contact with anybody because nobody can see us, and of course we had died, so why should anybody come and visit? And—”
“It isn’t a copy, John,” says Sherlock, talking quickly and waving the document in John’s face. “Although I hazard it’s the same or at least a very similar message. Look at the time it was intercepted. That’s only a short while after the other. And it also went from Athens to Vienna, from the very same source. And look at this: a brief intercept from the same source noted down by a radio operator here at Ivy Farm, this time in Morse, so it seems to have been urgent and the original source didn’t want to be bothered with using a complicated cypher and encoding technique. The time indicates it was transmitted in between the two messages.”
“Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind his new-found fame as a romantic lead in his very own soap opera.” Lestrade’s voice pulled John out of his contemplations. He grinned.
The two officers exchange another glance. “Well, Mr. Holmes ... actually, your name sounds familiar. You been in the papers lately?”
and a fashionable hat. Her crimson lipstick is visible even over the distance. Something is sparkling round her neck, some kind of necklace, apparently. Probably a gift from one of her many suitors.
“I don’t want to lose you again, either, John,” replied Sherlock gravely. “It’s a strange ... feeling for me, and I don’t really know what to do with it. Nobody has ever wanted me before, in any way, and I haven’t wanted anybody either. What we have, our friendship, isn’t that good? Doesn’t it work? Why should we alter it to anything uncertain?”
John hasn’t been sleeping well, either, Sherlock can tell by the pallor of his face and the large bags and dark shadows under his eyes. He wonders whether John’s nightmares have returned. Sherlock has been suffering from strange, disquieting dreams lately, too. They’re not exactly nightmares – he rarely has those –, no, the dreams are just ... weirder than his usual ones. More vivid, and yet when he wakes, he can rarely, if ever, recall them.
Sherlock’s shoulders sag, he casts down his eyes again because he feels exposed and vulnerable under John’s intense stare. Is this how people usually feel when he deduces them? “You’re my best friend,” he mutters evasively.
“They seldom are,” said Sherlock, causing the women to nod sagely.
Sherlock shrugs, letting out a long breath. “At first I was furious, disappointed in myself because I didn’t manage to cycle fast enough to reduce my loss and minimise his lead yesterday. But now ... wearing the jersey comes at a high price, for oneself and particularly the team. They worked so hard these past few days ...”
“But why include them in the medication he brings to this Tour?” enquires John. “It’d be highly risky, wouldn’t it? There have been spot checks of doctors and physiotherapists in recent years. And we got into his room easily enough without an official search warrant. Any cleaning stuff with a room key can enter his rooms any time.”
“I’m not counting ‘the thing at Barts’ – what a wholly inadequate term for what you pulled there is that, anyway? I count those two times you went into cardiac arrest in an ambulance and they had to restart your heart – once on your way from Magnussen’s building to the hospital, and once after you’d collapsed at Baker Street. And I count – doubly – when you flatlined in the operating theatre and they declared you dead.”
“Don’t worry about your friend,” John began when the silence became uncomfortable and the other made no attempt at starting a conversation. “They’ll just keep him for observation. A broken collarbone is inconvenient, but not life-threatening.”
Just when John considers where Sherlock might have spent the night – he doesn’t believe he stayed with Victor; something about Sherlock’s claims of not being interested in his ex that way feels very genuine, now that John has slept on his words and is reviewing them with a clearer head – he spots movement from the direction of the lake. Soon after, Molly, Soo Lin, Irene and Kate saunter into view, their feet naked, towels over the shoulders, their hair wet. They spot John and wave to him.
John laughs brightly. “Yeah, I’ve heard this before,” he says with no little measure of smugness. “But the same goes for you. I think I fell for you the moment you went all smartarse on me shortly after we met, and I realised how brilliant and unique you were.”
She holds out her arm for John, but Seb steps forward. “Not so fast, Irene. We’re not done here yet.”
A low growl sounds from the man. Sherlock can’t see either of them because he doesn’t want to draw any closer to the open door to prevent being spotted, but from the sound alone he can tell that hat-man, Seb, is anything but pleased. “Oh, you think this is so easy, do you, Irene?” he returns, his voice icy (he sounds the way he looks: upper-class, his accent clipped and posh, definitely public school, likely Eton, faint trace of somewhere abroad, perhaps mainland Europe).
John nods, avoiding his keen gaze, feeling embarrassed. “Some, yeah. I didn’t want to eavesdrop, though. Sorry.”
“You talked last night,” begins Sherlock eventually. Better cut straight to the core instead of waffling around.
“I ... bloody hell, that’s Sherlock Holmes, isn’t it?” breathes John in astonishment.
They move over to the door, but when Sherlock extends a hand to open it, he feels John’s fingers touch his. “Just so you know,” he says, coming to stand in front of Sherlock. “They’re mutual. The feelings.”
John slowed his steps when she added, “I won’t tell John if you come inside now. Otherwise I’ll have to fetch him because you’re being silly.”
“And certain ... activities the two of you got up to last night?”
“Well, the colour was optional ...”
John, too, seems to be noticing the change in Sherlock’s bearing. He looks at him again, openly this time, and then the corner of his mouth twitches up in a soft but warm smile. And then he’s on his feet and walking around until he is standing in front of Sherlock. He holds out his hand in invitation. Sherlock blinks and stares at the hand, and blinks again.
By the time the
John nods, before looking up at Sherlock with a faint frown. “Is this what you discussed with Trevor?”
Sherlock scowled at his brother as Mycroft picked up the coat he had deposited over John’s armchair. “Do give my regards to Mrs. Hudson for her hospitality. I shan’t keep you any longer tonight. Do keep in touch, though. You have my number.” With a nod at John and at his brother, he sauntered out of the room.
“If all goes well, you’ll be having a whole pride of lions by the end of next week,” remarks John. Sherlock shrugs, running his hand over the lion’s furry mane absently.
“I was speaking figuratively, Sherlock. So he did something else you didn’t want. And you told him to stop. And he pretended to be hurt and insulted, just because you initiated a kiss but didn’t want more than that. Kissing doesn’t automatically mean sex. You didn’t consent to him groping you – or whatever else he tried – and had he really cared about you, he’d have accepted this. You know, I think what happened between you was an attempt on his side to lord one over you when his prowess at cycling couldn’t match yours anymore. And if that’s true, it was a shitty thing to do. Hell, it was a shitty thing whatever his intention.”
“He hasn’t changed much, has he, Daniel?”
“You knew her?” enquires John.
Jeannine giggles. “Well, that’s true. Commander Denniston cuts a lovely figure in dark blue, as do some of the other naval officers. The soldiers aren’t too bad, either. And do you remember that one RAF fellow, with the jaunty head, Mary? Anyway, one never tires of a handsome sailor, eh? How about we try and get some tea or coffee in the canteen and you tell us a bit about your seafaring adventures while we leave the boffins here to chat among themselves,” she adds with a meaningful yet benevolent glance at Molly and Sherlock.
ahead.”
“They can be rather … fetching,” Sherlock admitted after clearing his throat.
“Yes, go and brush your teeth – brilliant idea, genius – and then get your perfect arse over to the sofa and see what’s on the telly. I’ll join you in a moment.”
John laughs. “Did you well, though. You look really—” he interrupts himself. Sherlock catches a glimpse of him licking his lips while avoiding looking at Sherlock. “Healthy,” John says at length.
Mycroft lets out a loud sigh and leans against his umbrella. “Yes.”
“Of course they are,” John chuckled and kissed Sherlock’s hand. His smile drops slightly and he said in a serious tone, “Sherlock there’s something I need to ask you.” The black feelings hit him again and it must have also shown on his face because John hurried to say, “No, Sherlock. Everything’s fine. It’s a danger night, maybe I should’ve waited for this conversation...”
John nods slowly, his eyes not leaving the picture of Mary’s autopsy. “He was Mary’s friend. He died of a heart attack um... two years after we were married. Then... I read her USB and figured out where they met. Thaddeus and Bart were twins, Thaddeus was one of Mary’s assassin contacts.”John suddenly trails off and groans. “They went after the treasure!”
John shoots Sherlock a glance, but Sherlock is already nodding. “Go to our daughter,” he says. “I’ll be here... putting in an application for a conjugal visit.”
He stands up and straightens his suit. “Now you know, Inspector, Sargent, do what you must with that information.” He leaves the office with a swish of his umbrella, leaving the two officers stunned behind him.
Sherlock waves his hand in dismissal and flips through the file again. “Thaddeus Sherman. Mary and John had a...
Laughing, John swoops down and kisses Sherlock on the lips once more. “I’ll be back for you, Sherlock. I promise.”
“Hello, my loves,” John sings as he comes into the kitchen.
While John and Sherlock are reuniting, Lestrade and Sally are walking through the back alleys of London after a tip from Wiggins on Rosie’s whereabouts.
thanks for reading! this is a pretty self indulgent fic. i wrote this because i wanted to read it and so i hope that you have enjoyed it as well
Still nothing.
The pain is drifting off of Lestrade in waves as he lifts the gun to level with Sherlock. “On your knees.” His voice is quiet, but louder than any gunshot.
before he drowned and suddenly it felt like he’s choking and he must be panicking but nothing made sense and—
“Yeah, she’s over there.”
“Hello there,” Greg says, flashing his police badge to the scrawny boy who according to Mycroft’s file is the son of the owner. “Does Janice Small work here?”
Sherlock’s lips twitched into a smile and he nods in acknowledgment. “I guess I would have to say your adequate police work did do wonders for my stint in prison.”
Hence the coffee.
John giggles and takes his hands. “I’m hoping that we can do more than lose together.”
Out of the envelope falls a simple silver engagement ring and Sherlock breaks down into tears.
Greg is standing at the far end, a gun visible in his hand, but down by the side. Sherlock is halfway down the alley and was just about to run back the way he came when Sally came to the scene blocking his exit and Dimmock catches up, panting slightly.
Sherlock preens from the praise. As nice the moment was, it was cut short as the door opens again and the guard and Molly come in. “Sherlock, it’s wonderful to see you again!” she says giving him a hug that surprisingly he doesn’t protest to. “John, Lestrade texted. Mycroft finally managed to get out of meetings and Sally and Greg found Rosie and want us to meet them at Scotland Yard.”
“Sherlock? Look at me.”
“We didn’t find anything in the autopsy.”
“Thanks.” Lestrade takes it and after a bit of maneuvering, they manage to unlock the phone.
Dropping his gaze, John says, “She ran away. I think she saw the killer.”
“It’s alright, Sherlock,” John says gently. “It’s all fine. I’m sorry too.”
Even though Sherlock always had a nagging sense of guilt, any time he looks over at John and Rosie, he can quiet that harsh voice in the back of his head and enjoy his little family.
“Mary,” Molly gasps out. “Mary Watson.”
While Mary and Rosie talk, John’s hand shoots out and grips Sherlock’s wrist as if trying to make sure that at least Sherlock is there. After Rosie fills her with a brief summary of the past six years, Mary finally turns to John and Sherlock.
“You have finally come to the correct conclusion, Detective Inspector,” Mycroft says softly.
“Make sure they’re safe. Please.”
“Boss, it might take a little while—“
“Sherlock? Love?”
“That I’ll never tell,” Sherlock says into his cup as he takes another sip of tea.
A hour later, Lestrade and Molly are at the step of a old country cottage. An old woman opens the door for them. “Yes?” she says with a heavy Welsh accent.
She stops her thrashing and looks up at the familiar face. “Uncle Greg?” she asks nearly in wonder. As he nods, she looks down. “Are you here to arrest me?”
Finally at long last, Sherlock speaks. “I applaud you for your excellent police work, take your case to court, Lestrade, but I will not say anything.”
Molly blinks confused. “I mean... he was upset because he thought that John would go back to Mary. He even said—“
“So you don’t know from the USB?”
Lestrade nods and looks through Thaddeus’ things which were being kept in an evidence box on a table near by. “Phone,” Moly offers.
“Do you love Mummy?”
“Sherlock says that you know a Bart Sherman?”
John stands up too, but they can’t say anything else as a figure appears at the top of the stairs. The small family freezes as they recognize their visitor.
“Yeah, it was pretty and I wanted it,” Rosie says, looking over at her father with something unreadable in her eyes.
“He returned to your place? What time?”
As Greg closes the door, he nearly thinks that he hears Sherlock say, “Thank you, Greg,” and he hopes it isn’t actually a farewell.
(See the end of the chapter for
“May we come in? We’re with Scotland Yard from London.”
“After him, Donovan!” Dimmock orders as he turns down a different alley, “I’ll cut him off.”
This time, Mycroft doesn’t bother to beat around the bush. “Yes.”
Still nothing.
He grabs his jacket and phone. “I’m going to go find my partner,” he snarls. “When I come back, you better be gone or else you’re going to be more than declared dead in absentia.”
“Nothing!” Rosie says immediately, rubbing her nose. After a pause, she sighs and looks at Sherlock. “I did it again!”
It’s the quickest Lestrade had ever seen the judicial system work as a couple of days later, Sherlock strides into Lestrade’s office at Scotland Yard, fresh out of prison. He narrows his eyes as he scans the room, finding Lestrade, Sally and Mycroft, but not the people who matter to him.
Rosie’s eyes light up and turns to whisper in Sherlock’s ear, “He crosses his arms when he lies!”
“There was a murder and the body was sent here, I was hoping that you could put a rush on the autopsy.”
“No, please, Sherlock isn’t like that,” Molly begs, but Dimmock is set turning to Sally to issue orders.
“On December 5
“You let your brother sit in jail as you knew the answer?” It infuriates Greg as Mycroft doesn’t reply. “Why?”
“How did he react to that?”
John comes downstairs from putting Rosie down for her afternoon nap. He gives Sherlock a nod as he settles down in his chair across from Sherlock, flicking out today’s newspaper.
Lestrade runs through the details, pushing the pictures into Sherlock’s field of view, but still, Sherlock doesn’t react, just staring blankly at the pictures without seeing them.
Sherlock hesitates long enough for Lestrade to sigh and hit the table. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock. We’re trying to prove your innocence!”
Sherlock nods quickly. “John, I need to apologize. I jumped to conclusions and it has cost us so much time.”
“Text on Sunday night, 10:43,” Molly reads over his shoulder. “’Confirm location. I have key from R.’ R... as in Rosamund? As in Mary’s real name?”
“Well, give the Freak my regards.”
Lestrade nods and when the guard leaves, he turns he attention to Sherlock. “Hey, Sherlock,” he says softly but firmly. “How have you been?”
“Sherlock! You need to speak now!” Lestrade demands. “Snap out of it! Please! For John’s sake! For me, or for Mycroft. Please. Speak!”
Rosie frowns. “Why?”
“Dead in the mortuary, but estimated time of death is only 2a.m. this morning, so yeah, I guess she was alive.”
“Can you describe the necklace?” Lestrade prods when nobody says anything for a moment.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asks, studying John from head to toe. “Are you alright?”
His face softens and breaks into a grin. “Of course I will,” he says tenderly, leaning forward to kiss Sherlock, but Sherlock breaks it off with a gaps.
“Grave is more like it,” Sherlock says in a light tone.
Ignoring the cars honking at him, Sherlock sprints across the street to reach 221B. He fumbles with his key a couple of times. He bursts into his flat, thankful that Mrs. Hudson wasn’t home, and sprints up the 17 stairs to the upstairs. The flat is empty and nothing seems out of place. Mrs. Hudson seems to have kept the flat as usual and even did some cleaning. The only new thing was a envelope addressed to Sherlock stabbed into the wall with the jack knife next to the smiley face on the wall. With wobbling legs, he staggers to the wall and wrenches the knife out to grab the note. In messy doctor’s scrawl, the letter read thus:
“Sign of four.”
John broke it off first and smiled down at Sherlock. “There you are,” he said fondly, brushing Sherlock’s curls back. “Getting lost in that great big mind of yours? Solving all the unsolved mysteries in the United Kingdom?”
“No, rather... disappointed in your inability to tell a lie,” Sherlock muses, taking a sip of his tea.
“Treasure?” Molly asks.
She nods and stands up with John. Mycroft, a silent figure in the room until this moment, also stands and announces, “I’ll escort them home, Detective Inspector,” he says with a tone of indifference. “Shall we?” He holds the door open for the Watsons and looks back at Greg and Sally. “I will have my PA send details on Janice Small. I trust that you will see that she is brought in.”
“What’s your tell?” Rosie demands.
When Sherlock realized the truth, he had immediately run back to Baker Street and he would be greeted by nobody. Mycroft waits for a hour before requesting his driver to take him to Baker Street. There are no sounds from the upper floor as Mycroft climbs the stairs. Sherlock speaks as soon as Mycroft walks into the flat. “You knew...”
After finishing, Lestrade closes the file with a sigh. He sits back and studies Sherlock for a moment, wondering when the last time Sherlock slept or ate more than a mouthful of food.
“Daddy!” Rosie leaps up from the table and hugs him tightly around the waist.
“Sherlock, it’s okay—“
“Dr. Hooper, How did you know that Mary was alive?” Dimmock asks.
“Right, going to go see Holmes later?” Sally asks.
As soon as Janice spots them, she drops her tools and runs out of the door. Prepared for this, Greg and Sally take off after her.
John chuckles. “What?”
“That’s what we do in Baker Street already, sweetheart,” John says tenderly.
“I love you,” Sherlock says.
Now, Sherlock groans as he realizes that in that chaos, he had never asked John if he had actually committed the murder. As always, it was a mistake to draw conclusions without having all the data first. If he had just seen Mary’s body, he would’ve known that John hadn’t killed her.
“Greg? Molly?”
“Yes, but—“
Molly turns to Sally, her eyes full of tears. “Please. Sally, do something! You know that Sherlock would not kill anybody, let alone Mary!”
When the murder had happened, Mycroft was away on diplomatic negotiations and by the time that he returned, Sherlock had already accepted a plea bargain and was refusing to speak to anyone. The pictures of the crime scene were so messy that they were no better than not even seeing the crime scene at all. To Mycroft’s deepest shame, there were times that Mycroft thought that yes, maybe Sherlock had shot Mary five times to keep John. As soon as John returned to London and they had that fateful reunion at Scotland Yard, Mycroft understood the whole story. Rosie had shot her mother and John and Sherlock assumed the other did it. Sherlock took the fall protecting John. Rosie had run away thinking that her fathers would hate her if they knew what she did. When she and John reunited, she saw how much her daddy missed and loved her and that he could see through her lies right away. When John announces that he’s taking Rosie back home, Mycroft knows what John is actually planning to do.
As predicted, he receives no reply. Lestrade leaves the prison and arrives at the morgue as promised.
His lips twitch slightly. “Only lies have details. Ordinary people don’t have perfect memory so the more details you have, the more obvious the lie. Altering memories makes for better lies. For instant, instead of saying you had spaghetti for supper, you say that you had last night’s dinner, Chinese takeout. Also, you have a tell.”
Ducking her head, she says quietly, “Yes, Père?”
“Rosamund?” Sherlock asks as he completes his search for the biscuits with no avail. “Did you take the last biscuit?”
Sherlock doesn’t move for a very long time and when he finally does, he sinks down to his knees, his hands raised up above his head.
That conversation lead to Sherlock going to a specialist (much to Sherlock’s displeasure, John refused to evaluate him and forced him to go to a different doctor) and receiving a prescription of antidepressants which Sherlock is rolling in his hands, unable to decide if he wants to take the antidepressants. If he takes this, it’s admitting something dark and unnamed until this moment.
“Hello there, dear.”
But Molly is still looking around. “Where’s Rosie?” she asks.
“Mary? She doesn’t have tattoos.”
“I want to know! Please!”
If that was the feeling of happiness, Sherlock thinks that he could try to do it for John.
“John. Since we met, you have seen me in both the manic and depressive periods and accepted everything that I am. But what if the depression and the bipolar disorder is what the me that you know is, then without the depression, I could be a different person. If I wasn’t everything I... If I am not everything you think I am... would... would you still love me?”
“I don’t know,” Greg says honestly. “Do you have the file?”
Sherlock hesitates, but nods. “If Bart is from Mary’s past, John would know. He read her USB.”
“Bye Sherlock,” Molly says as the guard starts to usher them out of the room, but they stop as Sherlock calls out John’s name once more.
“Mummy?” Rosie stands up and runs around the table.
Rosie is skinnier than the last time he saw her and covered with grime, but she has surprising strength as she fights Greg’s tight grip. “Get your fucking hands off of me!”
“I’ll leave and never come back,” Sherlock says. “Let me go.”
She cuts herself off but Dimmock jumps at the unfinished sentence. “What did Holmes say?”
She nods and hands him a file and she outlines the details as he looks at crime scene photos.
He jumps at the familiar voice and the gun disappears. Turning around, he breaks into a grin when he sees the familiar face of John Watson, though like Sherlock, it looks like John hasn’t been sleeping or eating very well. John guiltily tucks his gun back into his waistband. “How did you find me?”
They are gaining ground on Janice by the time they get onto the bridge. She glances over her shoulder at them before she turns to the side of the bridge.
“That tattoo. It’s called the sign of four according to Mary’s USB. Mary, Thaddeus, Bart and Janice Small.”
“Thaddeus Sherman, 56, local manager of the McDonalds, found dead by concerned employees when he failed to show up for a week. Estimated time of death is sometime on Sunday,” Molly summarizes. “Would nearly be called natural charges except how the body, way past rigor mortis, is as stiff as a board.”
“Yeah,” Lestrade muses as he looks over the pictures. “Still...”
“Hello, love,” Mary says, kissing the top of her head. “You’ve grown so much. You’re going to be taller than me in no time.”
The prison is surprised to see Lestrade again, and after a little bit of haggling, he is let in to see Sherlock in a conference room, different than the visitation room that they usually meet in. Sherlock is lead in and sat down, not reacting to the change in routine.
“Wonderful,” John says, grinning at his daughter. “Brilliant. More than brilliant.”
She hesitates and John runs his fingers through her curls. “It’s alright, sweetheart, just tell Uncle Greg what you know.”
It takes a long moment for Lestrade to find an answer. “Think, Sherlock, don’t you believe that John is innocent? Who ever killed Mary and Sherman might be looking for something. You said yourself that John has read Mary’s USB so he must know everything. We’ll get in contact with Mycroft to protect John and Rosie. So please, where’s John?”
“Why?”
Greg smiles gently at her and gives her a gentle squeeze on the arm. “Of course. Let’s go find your daddy and Uncle Mycroft.”
“Rosie and John love each other,” Greg argues. “I highly doubt that she would willingly stay away from John for that long.”
“I’ve come home. I know it’s been years, but I’m back now. Thank you for taking care of my family, Sherlock, but I can take care of them now.”
“I... Mary just came home out of the blue and everything was so wrong. Sherlock ran off and I went after him but I couldn’t find him. I returned to Baker Street, but when I got there.... there was blood everywhere. There was a gun on the table and I picked it up. It was still warm. Then Sherlock walked in too. He saw me with the gun and he demanded I leave right then and there. He gave me Professor Phelps’ address and took the gun. Sher... Sherlock told me that I should not contact him or protest in any sort of way.”
“How did you know? That I was telling a lie?” Rosie asks, curious.
Holding his breath, Lestrade spreads the pictures out in front of Sherlock again. “Look. We found him dead, see? Thaddeus Sherman. He has a tattoo on his ankle and it was the same one that Mary had tattooed on hers. He had just texted someone asking about a location before his death. Then he dies unexpectedly. Here’s the crime scene photos, look at them Sherlock! Please! Save yourself! For John and Rosie.”
Sherlock takes her hands. “Look at John, Rosamund. He’s not lying.”
As soon as the door opens, John is greeted by an armful of consulting detective. John chuckles and pats Sherlock’s hair that’s cut shorter than usual. John tucks his nose against Sherlock’s neck, breathing him in, but he smells different now he doesn’t have his poncy shampoos and aftershave. Still John clings onto Sherlock for a bit longer, because now he has Sherlock in his arms.
Still, Rosie is frowning and looks up at John. “Do you love Père?”
Molly shakes her head vigorously. “That isn’t possible,” she says firmly. “It can’t. It can’t!”
“Well, I’m off for today,” Lestrade says as he passes Sally’s desk on the way out.
Lestrade smiles. “Janice Small, we got her.”
Epilogue left!
“I guess so,” Sally says as they turn the corner. As they shine their light into corner, suddenly a small form bursts out of the shadows and tries to make its way past Sally and Greg. Thankfully, Greg has quick reflexes and he manages to grab Rosie by the arm as she nearly makes it past him.
Sherlock’s feet pound on the London pavement as he rushes through the streets desperately trying to get to Baker Street before... he’s not sure.
John’s eyes didn’t leave Sherlock who isn’t looking at him. “I did. Which is why Sherlock and I have you, but I don’t love her any more.”
named Bart Sherman.”
Sherlock pours over the pictures for a full 54 seconds before he looks up and says, “Poison.”
“I ran tests for poisons, including ones that Sherlock has developed detection methods for, they’ve all came up clean.”
“Should have read the manual,” Moriarty mumbles.
is more important than my best friend” - John points angrily at, well, himself - “trying to trick me into thinking he’s dying.”
Sherlock shifts, to position himself better, and his Belstaff falls open over John’s legs, like a blanket. Sherlock spreads John’s cheeks further apart, then delves back in. He licks the back of John’s balls, effectively touching John’s hole with the tip of his nose. John is worried. He did have a thorough shower earlier today. And there was a bidet at the club. He thinks there should be no problem. But, still. No one has ever been quite so intimate with him…
swap bodies?” Sherlock asks. “You and I, Moriarty, we were on the roof together after all,” he says, looking at Mary. This is complicated. He, too, prefers Moriarty without boobs.
in a row.
“See if you can!” Sherlock taunts.
-Villain-tina: Valentina's nickname during All Stars 4 (she's dramatique and I love it)
it, obsessively. OCD, Sherlock called it.
Sherlock stares at John, lip twitching.
“If you… don’t mind.”
Mycroft glares and points his iPhone at the speakers. ‘Time to Say Goodbye’ by Sarah Brightman and Andrea Bocelli.
“Where is he right now?”
“You wouldn’t have to undress. Just ask Wilson to lie down and do the rubbing yourself.”
A long pause.
John isn’t about to nod for him.
Must explain his beautiful skin.
John turns to Bobby, tears blinking in his eyes.
“Oh,” Jinkx says, sadly.
“That was
could probably devise a more efficient method of checking out myself. In fact, I have, and it would save us 34,6 seconds on each visit, which amounts to 3,598.4 seconds each year, or approximately one hour. Each year, John, can you imagine what one could accomplish with that kind of time saving? But no, you choose the fourth slowest of all cashiers in this Tesco, that is, assuming the large freckled redhead has been fired since we haven't seen her for three weeks, and why? It's clear. You fancy this one. You smile at her. You once lied that you forgot your Clubcard so she'd have to talk to you longer. You don't have to explain to me about your method of seduction. I'll just use my method of deduction.”
. He shivers.
“Don’t you need more… information about Sherlock?” John asks.
“Welcome to Hyde Park, dear suitors,” Mary says. She’s standing next to Jonathan, and in her hand, she’s holding a whip.
Well, they’re not
John watches from the bushes as the five men dressed as giant Alices stuff an unconscious Moran and an equally limp Sherlock into large burlap sacks, lift the sacks onto a cart and pull it to the Labyrinth’s exit.
John tries to understand why Sherlock is asking for this. Perhaps he’s still afraid to take that last step, to open up to Jonathan. Maybe he thinks he can diminish the emotionally overwhelming importance of allowing someone to take him this way, by doing it outside of the confines of a relationship, first.
A tad annoyed with himself for lowering his guard, he turns to his side and reaches for the telephone next to their bed.
She pauses, Jonathan opens his mouth. “Sherlock,” he says quickly, before she can continue beating a dead horse. “Will you please join me for a ride?”
There was no denying anymore.
The queen perks up. She and her drag cousin, Philip ‘Pho Pho’ Anderson, are both wearing complicated comic con-esque outfits. They’re also… blue. John frowns. They look like fanart of the Smurfs.
Sholto moves behind John, never once touching him, but whispering suggestively in his ear.
Unstirred, Magnussen licks his yoghurt spoon. “This is why people don’t usually make bachelor shows where the suitors can run off with each other.”
“John, he’s a gorgeously ageing twink.”
There’s only so much John is willing to do in the name of friendship.
“You bitch,” Sharon says, with a clear smile in her voice. “You totally do.”
“What?” The man is slightly taken aback.
It’s all the encouragement he needs. John positions himself behind Sherlock. The sight is straight from the book of gods. Sherlock’s marble skin shines in the moonlight as he bends for John, shakily.
He’s getting the hang of this body.
“The water and the sounds are so calming,” Jonathan smiles.
“Sherlock was basically touching John’s dick in the clothing store with me, so I’m pretty confident,” Tan says.
Quickly, John covers his half hard cock with the tiny hair towel. Angrily, he turns to Sherlock.
leotard,” She-lock says. “Now, let’s move on to Latrice. The Roxxxy of All Stars 4. Why are you here? To make it clear? I thought your wedding was paid for.”
There’s no stopping now. John nudges Sherlock a little further. He eagerly slides his mouth down over John’s penis, taking in more than before, almost touching the back of his throat. Surely, this must be too advanced for Sherlock? Unless he’s been practising? John imagines Sherlock taking a banana inside his mouth, all the way down his throat.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft says. He sounds a bit odd. “There might be a slight inconvenience.”
“Who robbed you?” Lestrade suddenly asks. He’s been hiding behind Alaska, since he’s wearing only boxers and a pink crop top, but now he’s stepped forward. John smiles. Lestrade will always be a copper at heart, even if he looks more like the fashion police.
John lies completely still. He doesn’t mind. Class is over, but it only seems fair to let the student come, too.
“I noticed you had company,” Phi Phi says.
“Well, it is easily deduced, is it not? You never gave this lowly, vastly overrated and overcharging medium your name. John Hamish Watson.”
“Did you have to be such a dick?” John asks.
Moriarty keeps the gun on John’s temple while he trails his two fingers down John’s chest, and puts his hand in his pocket.
That he was, well. The first.
After the longest song in history, Sherlock returns to the pulpit and mechanically goes through the motions of a funeral service. He recites hymns. He covers the casket with a pall. He reads some Bible verses, makes the crowd say “Amen”. And then he reaches a part of the vicar’s outline that really catches his interest.
But before Sherlock can recover, John - inside Sherlock’s body - interrupts. “He doesn’t. Now let’s go, S… John, I mean. Let’s go home,
John frowns. That also feels off. A fairytale ending makes for grim newspaper sales.
“Jonathan. You really like him.”
“Correct,” she smiles
Sherlock looks her up and down. Cat lover. Size 12. Lib Dem. Secret tattoo. Clever. Bakes own bread.
God, he hopes not. Like Pavlov’s fucking boner, each time they go for a walk outside.
Walking back, She-lock can’t help but replay the conversation in her mind. Is John… interested in her?
In the distance, muffled voices, like he is underwater in a swimming pool.
Panic seeps into John’s eyes.
“Gotta go keep an eye on him,” John says apologetically to Tan as he exits the room, to go make sure Sherlock doesn’t actually start throwing eyeballs at the Fab Five.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he says, facing his own casket. He should wrap this up. “You were a…”
He’s looking at John like a schoolboy who’s not sure if he’ll get laughter or a flogging.
Plastered over the steamy photos are screaming headlines: FORBIDDEN HARD-ONS ON ‘WILSON NEEDS A HEART’. EXCLUSIVE: SET SEX SCANDAL.
He laughs and, leaning over, puts his hand on Sherlock’s knee to steady himself. However, his arm suddenly trembles too much, and to stop him from falling Sherlock catches him by the shoulder.
There’s a small pause.
John traces the scar up to the curve of Sherlock’s neck, where he doesn’t dare to go further. He moves a little closer. There’s darkness around him, inside him, a longing - he dare not speak its name.
“I was in,
“Right. Finally figured things out, eh, you two?” Lestrade says. “Anderson owes me fifty pounds.”
John blinks profusely. That’s not what happened…. Well. He was just tired from working long shifts, that is all. They’re fine! What’s it to her, anyhow?
He can’t. He can’t.
“Me too. Besides, we thought there weren’t enough white people yet” Katya says, her Russian accent now completely gone.
. All so very touching.”
“Piss off, mate. It’s my day off.”
“Safer! You almost died!
Without further ado, she fires.
Not that John is too short or anything.
“Yes”, Sherlock breathes. “Hurry. Please. Do it.”
“Of course,” Sherlock comments. “The dominatrix doesn’t like to be humiliated.”
Jinkx winks. “I know.”
At the end of the hallway, a small crowd has gathered, all shivering in very little clothes: Phi Phi, Alaska, Jinkx, Vanjie and RuPaul. Sharon doesn’t seem to have bothered to get out of bed.
“Sherlock?” Sherlock’s voice hisses through the door.
“Indeed.” Sherlock says, dropping the French accent at once. “Hello, John.”
“Oh honey, I liked you better when you were doing a capella,” Brooke says, drawing gasps from the other judges.
been touched, right?”
I don’t want you there. But Jonathan might need more protection than I can provide.”
The detective disappears into his room. In the distance, a door slams, hard.
John takes a step closer, and hesitantly lifts an arm. Sherlock sees how his own two hands reach out and touch John Watson’s side - something he has fantasised about, many times indeed. And now he’s not even there to feel it.
“You’re a major disappointment.”
John’s smile falls. Something is wrong.
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... John learned all about tucking. Though he almost came untucked when he kissed She-lock, because, you know, she needed lipstick.
“It’s Moriarty, Sherlock. He’s behind all this!” he pants.
“I got over it”, Penelope says, while John stares at the content of his champagne glass. The bubbles rise to the top, where they dramatically die. Each and every one. “I'm with this lovely guy now”, she smiles, while squeezing Sebastian's hand.
John looks over his shoulder. Sherlock is crouching over John’s body, reaching for the bedside cabinet. He opens the drawer, and takes out a half empty bottle of lube.
“You just look a bit like a… blue Frostula,” RuPaul says.
body after all, reacting to touch. Predictably, even -
“I always shave,” John lies.
“Thanks for the Bond prop,” John hisses at Sherlock. “That Walther P99 is really useful.”
When the train slows down further, Sherlock pulls both of them up and points to an emergency exit hatch in the ceiling, that’s placed there in case the train derails. He holds out both hands for John to step on. John hoists their bags up and out, and then himself.
Sherlock finishes his tea. Because these oddly dressed children hate the taste of tea, they’ve agreed that ‘Monsieur Cherverrou’ should be the one to do the drinking.
“Alright boys, we’re still waiting for Mary to arrive. I know you’ve been practising your lines since this morning, but when Mary explains why you’re here, try to act surprised, okay,” Janine says.
looks. Near his collar, leading up to the back of his neck, there is a small red stain on his white blazer. Sherlock starts to straighten but John stops him.
“I can handle it,” Sherlock smiles.
“So Victor”, John says. He fully and knowingly puts his hand on Sherlock's other leg now, not too high up, but just so Sherlock knows he's got his back, you know? Just so he knows he's safe, that's all. “How did you two know each other in college?”
Sherlock can’t help himself. He really can’t.
It’s just a wee, after all.
But at that moment, a bullet hits a piece of bulkhead right next to Sherlock’s head. A frightened look crosses his face, and he pushes John out of the way. Just in time to dodge a second bullet - it flies right through the glass door. Sherlock stares at it for a few seconds, blinking. Then, he gets up quickly and pulls the emergency stop.
Sherlock Holmes has, in a way, always been a brilliant palm reader. After all, he can identify an airline pilot by his left thumb. So it shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone, really, that he has found himself disguised as a psychic offering his services in a small, dark booth in the far back of Southend-on-Sea.
?” John shoots back. “What made you want to dress up in women’s clothing?”
Sherlock’s contempt is venomous. “For god’s sake, we’re dressed as doped up Elphabas and Glindas, how surprised are we supposed to be?”
different, Doctor Watson. He
It’s just too early in the morning to deal with this kind of nonsense right now. Surely not before his first cup of tea. So John takes Sherlock by the arm, pushes him to the balcony and closes the glass doors.
“Kidding, it’s an Aston Martin DB10,” the secretary smiles as the luxury vehicle is revealed.
. Just follow the script!”
“What?”
Sherlock looks terrified - even more than when he thought there was a dead body in his closet. “What do we do?” he asks.
“No, because I had to convince him to take you, my straight friend, on as a suitor!”
for something stronger right now,” Katya says. Then, side-eyeing She-lock. “Oh, sorry. Too soon?”
Lestrade turns to the rest of the queens. “Of course, after the show, we’ll need to bring all of you in at the police station for questioning.”
John sits up in a flash.
“And by the way, John Watson, you keep those hands off
“Shut the fuck up with your no drag knowledge mouth,” She-lock adds with Alyssa Edwardian flair.“This is ridiculous.”
“No,” Brooke Lynn says, making sure the cameras catch her winking playfully at Vanjie, who’s sitting miserably at the side of the stage with the rest while She-lock and John get their time onstage to practise. “She has to dance, she’s your family.”
That seems to change Q’s mind. “Please… How can I help you, sir? I mean, 009.”
“John. The newspaper articles have concerned me gravely. Even though I was assured by a close friend of yours, whom I trust, that you have the best of intentions.”
“What?” Wilkes says, stunned.
“Hold bloody still or I swear to God-”
“I still prefer a case of makeup,” She-lock says.
John turns the phone off hastily.
“The name’s Jonathan,” He winks.
“John, I may have overstepped.”
John pulls back and scrapes his throat. They both have obvious erections poking against the fabric of their trousers.
“What?” Sherlock blinks rapidly.
Sherlock takes out his phone. “Let’s punch these in…”
”, John reads aloud, “
“Mmmmhnggggg,” John grunts.
“We thought it would be safer…” Sherlock manages.
After they wrap up Mary’s explanation, Jonathan leaves with Magnussen to do an activity called ‘go ape’, an adventure course with a zip line finale. John giggles at the thought. Definitely a short straw kind of situation.
“Anyway, now that I have retrieved that piece of evidence, you might be interested in
“It was harmless. We thought you’d be safer if you slept through the tough part.”
Right. Because Sherlock’s been distractedly chasing his own cock flopping in the jacuzzi water.
To anyone who might be concerned about that ending, I kindly invite you to reread the tags, you're safe with me boo ;)
“Go for it?” John repeats, after a while.
“Yes, Molly’s lovely. She has helped out a lot.”
John sucks in a breath, and exchanges a stunned look with Sherlock.
“Before we eat, I’d like to pray over and bless this food,” he says.
Suddenly, Sherlock presses his mouth against John’s, taking the words right out of him and turning them around. John is startled, and freezes, but then allows Sherlock to press his soft lips harder into him, he allows Sherlock’s hand to wander to his cheek and his thumb to rub across his jaw. A small whimper comes from the back of John’s throat, from his core, as Sherlock licks his way inside his mouth, scratching with his nails against the back of John’s neck. It’s better than John could have ever imagined. Never mind the new furniture, the new clothes. They’re a perfect fit.
“Damn it,” John says. “I told you to download the Google Maps app.”
“Well, there isn’t exactly much room inside an Aston Martin,
“... right,” Brooke says, flatly. “I’m Canadian, we don’t get much crime beyond expired fishing permits.”
“If you’re expecting me to be… Happy…”
Sarah Sawyer looks stunning when John picks her up to leave for the party. Well, picking up: he has taken the tube to her flat, to save some money for the cab later. How else do you accompany a lady around London?
“Hi, everybody, it’s me, Michelle Visage!” she says cheerfully.
“I hope we can still be friends,” Sherlock twists the knife.
hobby then, after all, Sherlock deduces. As Wiggins slaps two shades of foundation on him and starts sculpting a new man out of him, he closes his eyes.
“Well, I’m almost out so you’ll have to get your own dealer.”
Then, Sherlock improvises. “As I’ve told you before, you don’t have to worry about him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shhhh,” PA Miley Cyrus says.
John blinks twice. Christ. Dry mouth, anyone? He really should have had a drink in there.
My beta 88thparallel should probably get my firstborn child by now. <3
John groans.
“Because I no longer have a reason to work with Lestrade, you see,” John continues.
“Did you bring anything of his, by any chance?” Sherlock asks. It is a reach. Probably not, but who knows.
Sherlock thinks it a fit time to loudly slurp his soup.
“She doesn’t need more company,” Ru says determinedly.
John walks up to the bedroom wall, holds his ear closely to it and then hits a fist through it.
Lestrade drags John out of the work room, into an empty, shaded part of the television studio.
“S-word?”
“Yes, she’s basically my drag mother,” Jinkx adds. “Open this goddamn door!”
John doesn’t move.
“You know, the usual, boring reasons. I wanted to help people.”
“You didn’t tell me about the threatening note.”
“Victor...”, he hears Sherlock's softest voice he's ever heard. Like velvet. Like a knife cutting through velvet. Is he
Once he gets moving, Sherlock becomes an animal. As Sherlock pulls back, and then back into him, harder, sighing with want and need, he touches John’s face and neck, puts a hand over his mouth, over his eyes. Sherlock picks up a desperate pace, grunting with need. He’s like a teenager, barely able to contain himself, wanting all of it, grabbing and feeling blindly. And all the while, Sherlock keeps his face safely hidden in John’s shoulder.
After a quick shower - with his eyes closed, to avoid further embarrassment - Sherlock dresses John’s body in work-appropriate clothes. Perhaps a bit fancier than John would have done, tie and everything. But he’s the boss of this body now, he figures. And if he dresses John decently, perhaps it will make him see how handsome he could look with a few simple adjustments?
Sherlock slightly falters. Dear Lord. This man is so oblivious there could have been rose petals on the bed and he’d still have thought a strong gust of wind carried them in.
“We have time to go to Disneyland, then.”
“You know,
Sherlock hands him a cup. John refuses his. “The problem was theorising without all the data. At first, we assumed the threatening note was directed at you. But as the show progressed, it became clear someone was trying to destroy
