Sam and Eileen laugh, but Jack goes back to scarfing down his meal, undisturbed.
Don’t Dean me, I’m pissed at you! You wanna go out with a speech like that and just- expect me to be fine? “Dean, you’re not a killer, oh but by the way, I’m going to die because of you!”
CASTIEL
Cas’ eyes widen. He lets the sliver of hope through, lets himself believe for just a second-
If you’re referring to the deal I made with the Empty, might I remind you it was fulfilled in saving your life?
Cas- uh-
There’s an instant change in John’s demeanor. He begins glaring at Cas while Mary, Sam, and Eileen brace for impact.
I don’t know. I-I think so.
SAM (CONT’D)
Sam breaks out into hysterical laughter again.
No swearing.
“Yeah, yeah, you big sap.”
So everything’s back in order, huh?
GLENN
Dean’s in the middle of a drink when we cut to the scene. He’s out of his fed suit and into his usual flannel with the addition of the Bloody Handprint jacket. The bar’s moderately filled. From the side, we can see a blonde woman - RUDY - eying Dean. She walks over and sits next to him
“You have no respect for your father anymore? No-”
“That’s not a dealbreaker, Cas. I might miss it-
That’s not troubling at all.
“Sorry, sorry, I- I will. Ma’am.” Dean hops out of his seat and flees the Roadhouse. With the sad little click from the door shutting, he grimaces and walks over to Baby and leans his forehead against the passenger seat’s glass.
CASTIEL
LUCIFER
(gritting teeth)
You’re really more afraid of some bitch than me? Me? I’m the father of sins, embodiment of evil! Who does she think she is?
Sam’s eyes are bulging out of their sockets. And look, Dean wasn’t cursed before, but that image will now haunt his dreams. “Who- y’know what, I’m gonna call Cas. I’m sure he knows what’s wrong with you.”
Weird. It feels, y’know, good. But for him, I mean, no time passed. He’s acting... y’know, because of Cas, and now his fatherly instincts are taking over... He didn’t live without me like I did with him, it's just... I don’t know, weird.
Dean? Dean hey, where’d you go? You weren’t in your room.
GLENN
"Did you really bring back a girl the day Cas got back? I mean, yeah celebrate world saving yada yada, but. Come on, Dean." Sam knew that Dean would call Sam's current expression a bitch face, but you know what? He deserved it.
Alliance or not, you’re bound to me. You owe me this, and if you do not give it, I’ll take his life. Choose.
Sam stares at Dean, confused, while Dean’s face is grim and hopeless. With that, we-
The Empty starts catching up. The black goo curls around Cas’ foot, tripping him. Dean hauls him back up and rips Castiel away from the goo, so he’s freed again, temporarily.
Young Dean dug down to the coffin. He chucks the lid aside.
I’m feeling it again.
Hey kid, wanna go watch Star Wars? I’ll make you popcorn.
We need to get you a swear jar, but for “get this.” You know you say that practically ten times a day.
I was talking about motive.
Lock the doors and close the blinds
(sobbing)
Dean smirks.
THE IMPALA rolls into the parking lot, Dean driving and Jack sleeping in the back holding a Marvelous Marvin, the Talking Teddy.
You do you, kid.
Seventeen and strung out on confusion
DEAN (CONT’D)
The big showdown?
SAM (V.O.)
(sympathy)
“Dean. I- um.” Cas shifts on his feet again, nervously avoiding eye contact.
You think I haven’t seen how bad you’ve gotten?
Woah, guys, where are you going?
So that was real.
"Good morning Dean," Cas grumbled, pressing a kiss to Dean's cheek and settling down on a kitchen chair.
YOU’RE. TOO. LOUD.
Before anyone can say anything, she snaps her fingers again. ANGLE ON JACK as we see the world flash to-
INT. SAM AND DEAN’S MOTEL ROOM - MOTEL - MOUNTAIN GROVE - EVENING
TO BE CONTINUED...
Sam throws his hands up.
, but you don’t- just say that!”
Dean stares at Amara, the possibility of getting Cas back rendering him pretty much speechless.
Dean turns his face out of the pillow.
Your other Djinn buddy is named jerry?
Dean chuckles, bitter.
I hope so.
(genuine confusion)
What?
or maybe
Cas shakes his head, disappointed. “Jack has to meet with Rowena to deal with some demonic rebellions, but I’m sure there will be other ones for him to join us with.”
Castiel closes his eyes and winces as his hand, puppeted, is forced to stab into Fake Dean’s throat. Castiel’s hand retracts, still holding the blade, mechanically. Another glimpse at Real Dean’s face, confused.
CASSANDRA
He decides his final act will be to love Dean Winchester. When Death is knocking down their door, and Dean looks at him, hopeless, beautiful, he decides. I will love you, I will love you with everything I have and I will save you. He says the unsaid. He says everything. "You are the most caring, selfless, loving human being I will ever know. Knowing you has changed me."
Dean pauses at the threshold of the War Room and the Library. CLOSE ON Dean’s face as he starts to tear up. He rubs his eyes, then continues out. ON Sam, sighing.
Please, stop.
INT. ABANDONED CHURCH - RIVERTON - DAY
"Mm," was Dean's response as he nearly spilled his coffee trying to pour it.
!” Dean runs his hands through his hair and looks up to see their reaction. He finds the expected wide eyes and dropped jaws of surprise. From Jo. Ellen just nods and smiles bittersweetly.
So get this-
Castiel looks down and around at his position, then back at Dean and Sam. Sam notices, and smiles.
Sam and Jack are still sitting on the library table, just quietly, but then - Jack’s eyes shoot open and start glowing orange.
GLENN
It feels wonderful to say it again.
I still can’t believe you’re okay. I-I- Chuck made me forget about you, Eileen! Made me marry some blurry woman, gave me a house and 2.5 kids I-
Dean grimaces. “Him,” he mutters, so quiet he can barely hear himself.
You really expect me to believe that? Riddle me this, Val, how did a Djinn get into the Empty?
So are you gonna fill me in on the plan?
INT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - BEAVER CITY - EVENING
I thought I told you to stay quiet Jenny.
Okay, this is going to be really funny if it works.
Fake Dean walks away.
He’s not unprotected, Dean! The bunker is the safest, most harshly warded thing in the universe, okay? And Eileen’s staying with him. Hell, it’d be more dangerous if he did come along!
They get their drinks and clink their glasses together.
And you’re not?
Miracle! Hey, hey, who’s a good boy?
(sighs)
Lucifer slugs the demon on their cheek and almost goes for another punch, but Queen Valeria steps in and drags Lucifer aside. She’s infuriatingly calm, collected, and disturbingly pleased.
Oh, great. Ghost conversion therapy.
You wouldn’t believe what just happened to me.
I know.
Beats of silence as Dean, Sam, and Eileen look at Jack in amusement. He’s out like a light.
I’ve met her. Well, technically, I’ve married her.
We turn around and see MEG, the real Meg (well, the Demon at least) standing and doing her very own broadway show. She’s got her arms out dramatically, grinning.
Yeah, what a trooper.
I know buddy, it’s a tragedy.
Jack grabs a wooden train from off the floor and swipes a blue transformer action figure, handing the train to Castiel. He smiles indulgently.
CASSANDRA
You’re waiting for someone to perform with.
“Okay?” Deans still really confused, but then he nods with a silent little “o.” “You’re asexual? Sorry, for being full-on gay for you I’m not very. Y’know, versed in this shit.”
What happened to your arms?
(chuckles)
Can I still call you daddy?
Forgive me, Sam, but I’m having a hard time believing that.
Dean still hasn’t talked to Jack. And he really, really wants to, so one day, he leaves a note in his and Cas’ house saying he’s going out. And he goes to the same field to pray.
(groggy)
Dean nods, and sighs, the tears having dried out. He feels exhausted, his body trying to fall apart and cave in on itself at the same time. Heaving out another deep breath, he pulls away just enough to look at Cas. “Do you think he hates me?” he asks, practically void of emotion. It’d all been drained out.
SUBTITLES: “Ready?”
(surprised)
Let’s pretend you are the real Dean. Why and how could you be here?
Castiel struggles with how to put this. He’s shaking.
Well, I was thinking, hit up the witnesses to double check, then settle in a motel to check out where they could be hiding.
That’s the Winchester family for you, you’re gonna have to get used to it.
Alright, slow down, Casanova. You sound like a highschooler with a crush.
Sam nods sadly while Cece trails off. She sighs and shakes her head.
Looking at Cas, Dean sees barely hidden righteous rage. He knows he’s- or probably John’s- in for it. “Dean.” Cas grabs both sides of his face. “You didn’t deserve to hear that at such a young age. No child should hear that their love is sinful. Chuck didn’t care about sexuality and we are the
Hey nerd, what’s the studying for?
Dean shakes his head, looking away.
There was a full ass screaming match about who gets to give who away, and who is going to be given away. Naturally, Sam and Cas were the ones fighting over it. Sam wanted to give Dean away because
Sam pecks Eileen’s lips and it takes a moment of continuing before Sam realizes what he said. He freezes, then sputters, flustered.
(resolute)
Hey, Cassandra. I’m agent Irons and this is my partner, agent Krussen. Do you mind if we ask you a few questions?
MRS HELLER
Dean, I could never move on.
Fuck. You.
DJINN TWO
There’s a saltwater film in the jar of your ashes:
It’s hardly a kiss, really, not what you’d see with Dean making out in closets with the girls at high school. Just a cute little peck that makes them both pull back blushing.
You and Sam stay the hell away from me. Next time, I won’t miss.
(chuckle)
(snapping)
Dean ran toward Cas and kneeled down. Cas' eyes were closed, but he was stirring slowly.
INT. HARRIS’ HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - RIVERTON - DAY
Well, Chuck and Amara came to grab us in Heaven, something about love interests-
Sam, Eileen, and Jack turn to greet Dean. Jack jumps out of his seat and hugs him. Dean grumbles and hesitantly hugs back.
You don’t think you deserve to be saved?
Because you’re fleeing your problems, and I’m better at research.
(amused)
Jack shakes his head.
Uh, Sheriff Hanson. And the pleasure is all mine.
CUT TO:
Yeah, and he’s still three.
Dean looks down to Jack with a broken and regretful expression.
GLENN
(singsong)
What the fuck does that have to do w-
EXT. LEBANON, KS - GAS STATION - DAY
GLENN
CASSANDRA
Quit whining and get over here. We’re gonna raid the place sundown, hopefully, and save like, 12 people.
CASTIEL
I, uh... I was gonna tell him how I felt, too. But there wasn’t time, and I didn’t think he could even feel for me.
Move on. You always have.
Uh, well. We beat Chuck, kind of. Uh. We- um.
Sam sighs.
Sam’s still laughing when Dean and Castiel lean over the computer to check out an image of the limo, then they press a few keys and flip a picture of a crappy- SHITTY warehouse.
(relief)
INT. EILEEN’S CAR - KANSAS HIGHWAY - MOVING - MORNING
A long time ago, they say two nuns fell in love then killed themselves. It’s said that they lingered, trying to get their revenge on the church for pushing them to do it. Kind of a little tale. Some kids dare each other to go in there. Some don’t come out...
(determined)
Get the hell out of here, queer!
EXT. CASTIEL’S ENTRANCE BARN - PONTIAC - NIGHT
Mmmph?
Sam sighs, guiltily. He didn’t mean to push Dean, but he stares at Dean, determined, he has to.
A dark blond, green-eyed man - ROBERT HARRIS - is shoved out of the back of some bar and into the muddy alleyway. It’s raining, and the road isn’t paved well. The camera tracks the motion, feeling a little dizzy. Robert scrubs his head, definitely drunk.
It’s been a pleasure. I really do wish you the best. Try not to rip apart any more dimensions.
That she was a homosexual.
Gonna save you fucker, not gonna lose you
He walks off quickly, smiling and cooing at Jack. Sam and Eileen turn to each other. Eileen shrugs, she doesn’t know Dean as well. Sam huffs, staring back at Dean walking away. With his “eugh, Dean” face, we-
(laughing)
Sam sets down the bag and the crinkling causes Dean to start shifting. He has his face buried in the pillow. He says some muffled garble.
(voice breaking)
Right where I want you.
You’re gonna get us in trouble with the big boss around here. They don’t like noise.
Alright, slow down, Jack. One thing at a time.
We’re gonna move on.
Glenn, I’m sorry-
Who-hoa! Awesome! My savior!
The Empty’s a little too distracted to deal with something as small as me sneaking in. Which is, of course, how we’re going to sneak you out.
(resolute)
(yeah, right)
MUSIC (V.O.)
GLENN
So, any idea where we’re going?
(awkward)
Dean jolts as he’s transported. The Library is set as it was in 10x22, books piled up and thrown about. Castiel is on the ground, already bloody and beaten up, with another Fake Dean standing over him, stabbing the knife into the book nexto to Castiel’s head.
...Yeah. Right before, too, he told me he- he loved me. And I didn’t get the time to say it back.
(amused)
CASTIEL
DEAN (CONT’D)
This is the first disappearance, her name was, uh, Jenny Brown. Thirteen years old, lived here with her sister, mother, and father.
Why didn’t you tell me it was back? Is this new?
CASTIEL
When the day finally comes, it’s
(mocking)
Very.
Dean turns to the class and gives a blonde girl - STACY - a big wink. Then the camera turns to the guy sitting next to her, rolling his eyes. Dark hair, blue eyes - GLENN HARRIS. Then back on Dean, who looks away as if he wasn’t checking him out.
(frustrated)
Dean...
No, my other dad.
Dean walks out the motel door, shutting it behind him, without further word. With the click of the door,
Cas bolts out of his seat, grabs John by the back of his shirt and absolutely
What? No. I-I’m saying you’re flipping between this happy dad when Jack’s around to- to whatever you’re doing now.
“Actually, I don’t think I will
Oh, hey guys, what a coincidence.
GLENN
Thank you.
LUCIFER
He chuckles. “Yeah, really, you idiot.”
Dean shakes his head silently and swings the motel door open.
Do it.
Jack ignores Dean’s teasing tone.
“Well in heaven you’re also not supposed to be drinking away your problems. So spill, Winchester. What’s got you lookin’ like a pile of shit in my bar?” Ellen raises an eyebrow, and really,
I’ve done a little research, and there are no signs of Chuck’s meddling, at least not that I can see. We have no reason not to trust Amara, right?
He hands Castiel a business card. Castiel flips it over and inspects it, to see a handwritten number on the back.
EILEEN
It’s always an abandoned warehouse...
Dean reaches out to hold Cas’ hand but glowing blue runes flicker between them, at the seam of the cell bars. Dean’s face has an unmistakable helplessness and hopelessness to it.
(glare)
DEAN (CONT’D)
EXT. HARRIS’ HOUSE - RIVERTON - DAY
BLACKOUT.
my dad.” Jack smiles both sadly and full of absolute joy. “You
INT. THE EMPTY
Jack sighs and drops his arms back to his sides.
Dean sighs, his face scrunching up in pain.
SUBTITLES: “Is Cas back too?”
You- you do know though, right?
I know, buddy. I didn’t get to be a kid either. But now, I’m giving you the chance. You deserve it.
Eileen rolls her eyes, but can’t help but grin at Sam. They share another slow kiss before Eileen pulls back.
"I will get you back, Cas. I love you too, and you're not going out like that you stupid, stupid son of a bitch."
You know how my dad’s always moving us around? I told you, we’re, uh, not gonna stay here long.
“Well, son, are you gonna spit out?” John demands.
Oh, no, you won’t break when I decide to have my way with you. He will.
It’s, it’s where I met Cas.
Yeah, but I’m not telling you the truth, so I guess you’re just gonna have to deal, huh Sammy?
DEAN (CONT’D)
Shit.
Why are you helping us?
GLENN
CASTIEL
Why- Cas, why did this-
Several beats of silence passed, if you didn’t count Dean’s shaky breaths and hics. “He’s gone,” Dean whispered, afraid that if he said it too loud it’d be too much. But it already was, and Dean started up crying again, like a weakling.
Michael almost immediately stepped back. “You’re… you’re not really a Nephilim anymore.”
You have found him, now go and get him.
What? It’s not nice to meet me, too? I think I’m a catch.
(dramatic woe)
Yeah.
No, Miracle does not like nougat. It’s bad for him. I think.
(disappointed)
CASTIEL
GLENN
Meg nods toward the handprint. Dean gives her a brief look, then stares resolutely at the darkness in front of them.
(anxiety)
EXT. CASTIEL’S ENTRANCE BARN - PONTIAC - MORNING
I’m sorry too, you know.
Dean groans quietly. “Thanks for bringing it up.” When Cas doesn’t react to the obvious defense, instead just continuing to stare heartfeltly into Dean’s eyes (
Sam chuckles slightly, and waits. Dean and him are gonna have this conversation one way or another. Dean takes a deep breath in, then one out.
PASTOR JOHN
I do!
Whether you should live or die
“Oh, that’s Castiel, a good friend of the boys. He’s the angel that helped save them from Lucifer and Michael. A few times, actually,” Mary chuckles, kind of awkwardly. Not good memories.
If you finish that sentence with “it’s no big deal,” I’m going to kick your ass. I’m serious, Dean. That shit doesn’t fly now or then. I- I had no idea.
Well, worth checking out, right?
Jack wanders into the war room, grins, and throws his arms up.
BLOOD, KNIVES, AND EVERYTHING (not) NICE on the News Broadcast, showing Lucifer and Queen Valeria on their murder-fest. TFW 1.0 shares a grim, terrified look, before we-
Dean tries to drink more, but his glass is empty. He sighs, shaking his head.
(louder)
INT. BROWNS’ HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - RIVERTON - MORNING
C’moonnn don’t be like that! I’ve always been your real daddy and you know it!
DEAN (CONT’D)
Oh, hell no.
“I’m serious, Dean. We are your friends, you know that right? You’re clearly working through shit and it’s heaven. Want me to take it up with the big man upstairs?” Jo tilts her head over to try and catch Dean’s eyes.
QUEEN VALERIA
Dean stands up and cleans up his mess, picking up the little stuff he did set down.
DEAN (CONT’D)
JENNY
Dean groans and hides his face, blushing uncontrollably. He opens the backseat door and leans Cas against him, trying to hide from Sam. Jack gets in the backseat on the other side. Sam gets in the front, with Eileen riding shotgun.
LUCIFER
CASSANDRA
(clears throat)
Why are you hitting yourself, C’mon hit me instead
EILEEN
Dean won’t stop staring into Cas’ eyes, at a loss for words. Sam holds back laughter, but a little snicker escapes.
I mean, not like, the slur. Reclaimed queer. LGBTQ queer. I, uh, I don't- I-I’m not my dad.
That’s it.
Dean stops himself. Oops, metaphors.
C’mon, the dam’s broken? Right? Words! GO!
Anyways guys, since you’re weak and frail and I have you pinned against a wall, d’you think it’s time for a big villain speech?
MONTAGE OVER.
Hopefully.
MRS BROWN (CONT’D)
QUEEN VALERIA
Sam shoves him off and snorts. “Jerk. Is the food ready?”
Dean shakes his head and rubs his teary eyes. Dammit, those emasculating tears again.
DEAN (CONT’D)
SHH! It’s Jack, Lucifer made him little.
Eileen’s eyes are pitying and sad. She knows how much he’s hurting. She signs back:
Why’d you show up as... her? She wasn’t one of my regrets.
Dean walks into his mess of a room and sighs. He goes off screen, out of the room, for a moment, then comes back with a broom and a dust pan. He sweeps up the broken glass and picks up his bottles. He drinks what’s left in his whiskey glass on the nightstand - it’s not a lot.
“I never thought my father would go this far.” Michael stared into oblivion, then took a deep breath, eyes glowing. His whole demeanor shifted, slouching a bit, not casually, but out of habit, and his weight shifted more to the left foot.
Jack! Shit, they got you?
Valeria.
Dean still wears that bittersweet hurt and happiness. He ruffles Jack’s hair, then looks away and starts singing.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - JACK’S ROOM - DAY
CASTIEL
What?
This is gonna be the last I see of you, isn’t it?
They- they kept talking about something... Winchesters. Casteel? I was kind of bleeding out on the ground at the time, can’t exactly say I was focused on it.
Sure, more than you at least.
Castiel’s turn for the queer panic. Wide, very surprised eyes and a stare directed at Dean. He looks back. Sam suffers through more prolonged eye contact.
You are, though, Cas. It’s important ‘cause it was a part of you and that’s not gonna go away. I’m so sorry-
Motel?
If lies were cats you’d be a litter
I can’t decide
(clears throat)
MUSIC (V.O.)
“Please don’t. That’s like, my kid. I’m not complaining to my kid about my fuckin’ love li-” Dean cut himself off and looks up at Jo and Ellen with wide eyes. Ah, shit. He did not mean to let that much slide. Maybe he shouldn’t have drank so much.
EILEEN
MUSIC (V.O.)
Alright. Let’s go.
Jack nods, unsure.
Dean freezes immediately with food dangling out of his mouth. It drops back to the plate.
DJINN TWO
BLACKOUT.
Dean holds on to Jack for a moment, trying and failing desperately not to get emotional.
I’m paralyzed, you know. My legs. They’re never going to work again.
MUSIC (V.O.)
They’re still in the same positions, but Eileen yawns and Sam stretches out. Jack bounces Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy unenthusiastically before setting him down.
What-
Thank you Jack, but I’m afraid you can’t. Too much power fluctuations in the Empty will... Well, I don’t know what and I’m not looking to find out.
Day by day, buddy.
“Is everything alright, Dean?”
AMARA
Take a sad song and make it better.
DR ACKLES
Great!
(exasperation)
I can’t do this without you.
And anytime you feel the pain, hey Jude, refrain,
I hope you can- can hear me Cas. Castieell, pretty name Angel. Why’d you fall? Fell for me? Why me, I’m not that nice, I’m not even good...
DJINN ONE
LUCIFER
EILEEN
(shouting, far off)
Castiel unfolds it and gives Dean an earnest look. He remembers why he fell in love, and smiles sheepishly looking down on it.
Stay queer!
Then Valeria and Lucifer grin at each other, menacing and devil-ish. Dramatic music as much as we’d like- this is not going to be good. Then-
Oh. Kay...
Don’t worry. Even if it was Chuck, the douchebag, who set us up...
Chuck is so unfair! Making dogs so they can’t have nougat. It’s sad!
You pray so loud.
Cas decides this is the perfect time to interject. “Well, John, my father was god and we defeated him. Do you really think you have any power here?”
Offer still stands.
Valeria grabs Dean’s neck and pulls him against the cell bars violently.
BLACKOUT.
Jack grabs the TV remote and turns on scooby doo, carrying on immediately. Dean smiles at him and settles further, petting Miracle.
Jack’s eyes flicker glowing orange a few more times.
Dean-
Morning daddy!
(singing)
Then Lucifer and Queen Valeria throw open the expensive hotel doors with an invisible force, knocking them right off their hinges and into a guest.
Hey, that’s my line.
Chuck however kicked and screamed before turning into the blackness that surrounded them.
Blinking his eyes open, Cas found Dean silently watching from a chair pulled out from a desk. “Hey Cas, welcome to the land of the living.” Dean smiled and flushed. Cas was going to question why, but more important questions needed answering.
You! What the hell do you think you’re doing?
LUCIFER
Castiel says it with such heartbreaking conviction. We can see it break Dean’s, at least.
What the hell does that mean?
Please, please, come back. Come back!
“Sam,” John warns, like there’s any kind of threat there.
SHERIFF HANSON
DEAN (CONT’D)
You know your way around this place, right?
(confused)
AMARA
Like dad did for us?
DEAN (CONT’D)
Hey kid, how’s the scooby gang treatin’ ya?
And, uh, Amara helped us grab you from the Empty.
Dean starts to look even more embarrassed.
(sympathy)
“I forgive you.”
Jack stands up, pouting only for a moment that he has to abandon his tea party. Then he picks up Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy and walks out the door calmly. Jerry is left blinking and clueless, but he shrugs and decides to go with it.
CASTIEL
(confusion)
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CASTIEL’S ROOM
Rudy nods, absolutely enthralled with this story. The Greatest Love Story of all time, to be precise.
I can’t know what it’s like, but for what it’s worth, I’m sorry.
Dean stumbles from one bookshelf to the table, clearly drunk, with a bottle of booze in his hand. He lands with his elbows on the table with the names carved into it. He traces the letters CASTIEL lightly before collapsing onto his knees and leaning on the table.
Whether you should live or die
You’re drinking every half second, you won’t talk about what happened with Cas, and you’re coming apart at the seams. I can see it, Dean. You need to do something different, this isn’t working!
“Hell no, bitch. I ain’t having a queer be-”
What was real, or, um, not.
“What?”
CASTIEL
You crazy kids have fun.
Jealous, much?
Yes, Jack?
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, kinda… He’s, y’know, him. And he grew up in a worse time for queer people than me so, I guess I’m just worried he still thinks what he thought when I was a kid.”
DEAN (CONT’D)
Holy fuck.
DEAN (V.O)
No really, it’s adorable how you just thirst after this little fallen Angel. You’re not worth him, you know.
Jack breaks into further tears, clutching at Dean’s jacket and burying his face in it.
Dean’s out there, Dean’s safe, I saved him, he’s okay-
Personal reasons.
(grim smile. to himself, mostly)
(ignoring them)
(hiccup)
INT. RIVERTON HIGH - CLASSROOM - MORNING
You gonna elaborate on that or are we just going to pretend that means nothing and move on?
It’s bland, a gray dark room with a single chair in the middle. In it, some DEMON, tied up and bloody.
Because Cas is gone, and Dean will, he will, get him back. Sam's worried, okay. Jack's gone, fuck, shit. Cas- I'm getting you back if it'll be the death of me.
JERRY
Robert is running quickly, a single bystander - a random old lady - stopping for a second to question what the hell he’s doing. The camera spins, taking thirty degree angles from the ground; Robert’s panicked and drunk.
Sam chuckles, then signs the interaction to Eileen, who laughs heartily back. They keep driving. Series of cuts on each of the team, slowly getting more tired, but Dean’s getting more determined. It gets darker outside.
What-
(admittedly)
BLACKOUT.
That won’t be necessary, but thank you. Name?
DEAN (V.O.)
and for something with heart-melting emotional significance, there’s a lot of angry looks and silent treatments. As soon as Jack pops up and says
Cas’ eyes widened. There was no way-
Haven’t identified the other. A-anyways, we’ve got a witness.
(quietly)
Thank you, Dean.
Dean stumbles onto the bed, hiccuping and coughing as he downs more whiskey. He spills some carelessly onto the blanket. HARD CUT between actions to show time being lost, or time passing. Who knows.
Could’ve fooled me.
BLACKOUT.
Alright. Well, Jack, I am very old. I have lived through millenia, seen the history of the human race, the entire planet. And yet...
When I was negotiating for the fruit, we went through a short ceremony to-
(to himself)
You were Cas’ kid. And I know you see me as a father too. And I owe it to him - and to you, to try. So we’re gonna watch scooby doo, be goofy idiots, and you’re gonna be a kid. That okay?
CASTIEL
SHERIFF HANSON
INT. BAR - LOS ANGELES, CA - NIGHT
You’re broken!
Glenn tilts his head and raises an eyebrow, challenging.
LUCIFER
DJINN TWO
“Hello, Dean.” That greeting will never get old. And it’s ridiculous. Who even greets people casually with a
You think Jerry found the Nephil yet? I’d like to have all our ducks in a row for when the Queen gets here.
He made a deal with the Empty to take him at his moment of true happiness.
Valeria rolls her eyes.
My best friend, wake up to see you could have it all
Fuck me if I care, but I’m not leaving here
Uh, hello. How may I help you boys?
.” Dean takes a second (or more) to stare meaningfully at Cas, who smiles back with pride.
(tears dropping, voice breaking)
Mm. It’s... it’s definitely something. I don’t know what.
MUSIC (V.O.)
Dean ruffles Jack’s hair. He nods and pulls back, then retrieves an Angel Blade from his sleeve.
It’s so quiet. Dean can hear the saliva in John’s mouth as he chews. Ew.
ROBERT
(shrugs)
(light chuckle)
he’s got no clue) finishes and the credits roll, Dean’s got a shake in his hands that is slowly getting stronger. Cas takes Dean's hand and kisses each fingertip, then looks at him with concern.
(turns to Sam)
Dean gives himself a glare in the mirror, mouthing “it’s your fault,” while holding on to the handprint scar.
Silenced.
Dean raises his head to look at Sam and gives his best “oh, really?” bitch face.
MR BROWN
There’s something-
Thank you.
Cool. How’s Cassandra?
Oh, that’s new. How clever of you to “shake things up.”
It’s cold and hard and petrified
Dean gets up and runs over to Pastor John’s grave, and opens the casket. He tries and fails to light his lighter a few times, swearing under his breath. It catches, then, EXTREME CLOSEUP ON the lighter, with a SEAMLESS CUT to:
GLENN
GLENN
Dean gives ANOTHER overly exaggerated wink to Stacy, who smirks and twirls her hair.
CASTIEL
“Ow! Not cool, mom. Seriously, though, Dean. Tell us!”
Glenn laughs.
INT. ABANDONED CHURCH - RIVERTON - DAY
CASTIEL
“Yeah he-”
FLASHBACK
I’m gonna drop you off at the motel, go do some research.
Amara quits smiling and turns to Dean.
MRS HELLER
Dean shakes his head. Sam puts a hand on his shoulder sympathetically.
It takes the truth to fool me
“Good to see you, man. How about a big dinner tomorrow night to catch up? Mom, dad, me and Eileen, you and Cas? There’s a lot to get through, no way I’m telling it all like, three times. Oh, can Jack come too?”
MUSIC (V.O.)
Sam shakes his head. They don’t say anything more, there’s nothing to say.
LUCIFER
(lie)
Dean digs his fingernails into his forehead and his cheeks as he drags them down his face.
It wasn’t on a whim. I needed fruit from the tree of life for the spell to locate Jack- maybe two years ago? But I needed to barter, and that was the price.
AMARA
SUBTITLES: “He called Cas sweetheart.”
“Speaking of- I’m engaged to Castiel, the man, the myth, the angel!” Dean announces with clearly fake glee and humor, grabbing Cas’ hand and holding it up.
(resigned)
Sam waits for Dean to finish the sentence.
EILEEN
John nods in approval. “And you?”
Now mom and dad would never understand
“How-” Sam started, then shook his head. “How the hell do we get the power of Death? Let alone a human connection to the Empty?” Sam sighed, exasperated, exhausted, done. He didn’t know how much longer he could hold it together.
DJINN ONE
For a Winchester, you’re pretty sappy.
Aggressive caring words ensue.
(totally out of it)
That never had to be your job, you know. You tried, you failed, we all do that. I ever tell you Cas tried to be God one time?
Pastor John digs his nails into Jenny’s ribs and blood starts to drip from her chest.
Yeah, and?
Jack grabs his teddy and bounces off and out of the room. A beat passes of just tense, prolonged eye contact, silence. Jack’s footsteps echo and fade out.
(grinning)
I’m sorry.
The doorbell rings. Dean’s heartbeat skyrockets, and Cas must sense it because he puts his hand directly over Dean’s heart. “You’ll be okay. You know that.” Cas reassures, and they make their way over to greet their guests.
What do you mean you need me? Jack needs me!
Eileen signs “How are you?” at the same time. Sam glances over, then shakes his head, smiling.
But this is just a dream, Dean. We can pretend.
MUSIC (V.O.)
Dean finishes preparing for the hunt, and grabs his duffle and gets going. His sleeves ride up a little, and we can see dark bruises on his arms.
No, but Sam’s my dad too.
You think I’m gonna break that easy? I’ve been tortured by the devil himself and beat up by God. Try me.
DEAN (CONT’D)
Please don’t hang your head and cry
No, no leads yet. The two massacres we've seen so far- no survivors. Nothing but the security footage. But they looked like they wanted... attention. I don’t think it’s gonna be long before we see something. They’re drawing us in.
Sam nods, and they knock on the door. There’s no answer for a few beats while Sam and Eileen exchange a glance. Just as Sam reaches to knock again, the door swings wide open. It’s a pretty peeved woman, who clearly just woke up, with messy long hair - HONOR PETERSON.
SHERIFF HANSON (CONT’D)
Glenn looks at Dean questioningly, then starts laughing. Dean chuckles along with him.
So you’ve got a lot to tell. Gotta say, Dean, it’s been a boring night. I could use a little soapy drama from the brooding guy at the bar.
Thanks for the clarification, Dean.
DEAN (CONT’D)
Dean takes a step back, trying not to get caught in the crazy bubble his brother is creating. “Woah, dude, no. Calm down. I just- y’know, got married. Well, engaged. We haven’t had a wedding. Um, yet.”
Clever.
It’s me! I’m little.
Castiel glares at Queen Valeria, who huffs and stands up, walking over to Dean’s cell.
EILEEN (CONT’D)
AMARA
Dean and Sam look up to see DJINN ONE standing a few feet across from them, pacing slowly and in proper disney villain style.
Dean’s sitting in a full class, actually taking notes and participating. The bell rings, and Glenn stays behind to keep taking notes. When everyone else exits, Dean stands and lingers by Glenn’s desk. He leans over and catches the name written on the worksheet, Glenn.
Cas didn’t... he didn’t know, Sammy.
Sam sighs, and holds up his left ring finger, with an adorable simple silver band on it. “I did, but what about-”
Call it a lucky guess. C’mere, boy!
TITLE CARD: SUPERNATURAL
MUSIC (V.O.)
(alarmed)
I feel... I feel great. I’m so glad you’re back, Eileen. I missed you.
DEAN (V.O.)
What happened? I remember we beat Chuck, then it was weird, and I was dead!
DEMON
BLACKOUT.
Oh, come on! It’s my favorite movie!
Normally I would take you up on the offer but I still don’t know how it’s hanging!
Y-you think he’s homophobic?
(shakes his head)
Last time, Dean came out / was outed as bisexual on the gay nun / conversion therapy ghost hunt. This time, something's weird and it's about Cas...
DEAN (CONT’D)
TITLE CARD: SUPERNATURAL
Jack shakes his head. “Nah. I like learning things, so I bunched up all that knowledge and gave it to Amara, but I still use my powers to adjust heaven and take care of godly business. It’s exhausting. The angels all think I’m the ‘second coming,’” Jack uses actual air quotes which is
He’s cut off by footstep sounds. Dean’s entire body tenses while Sam and Jack get ready for Cas’ arrival in a normal person way. CASTIEL walks into the Library, holding his damaged trench coat instead of wearing it.
RUDY (CONT’D)
CASTIEL
SAM (CONT'D)
(defensive)
LUCIFER
With a wink, he walks away.
Eileen caresses Sam’s cheek.
MEG (O.S.)
SAM (CONT’D)
That shuts Sam up. He nods, but he was going to beat around the bush a little longer. Then on Dean, who’s looking even farther away than usual.
(desperate, crying)
“John, I have many words for you and your lack of parenting. I could burn them into your skin,
Interrupting moose wh-
GLENN
And I can hear a bell ring
DEAN (CONT’D)
Oh, with what?
Dean looks at the two nuns sympathetically. They don’t advance on him or do anything other than hold hands and nod.
Dean sighs. “What Cas is trying to say is that they used to be bags of dicks, lots died, the ones left are fine. Oh, and Cas was pretty much never one of the assholes,” Dean corrects.
Good. If you’re up for it, we could go on a hunt? It’s nearby and I can call other backup if you need some time.
But for you, flying, it- it must’ve been just like walking. Hell, if I broke my foot for a week I would bitch about it constantly. But you just-
We’re close, Cas, we can make it. Come on.
Exactly.
So, who do I get to be?
(sighs)
Uh, well, I’m, uh-
CASTIEL
And of course, during their setup in the kitchen while Sam and Eileen presumably have a quickie in the dining room (
I know, and I should’ve said it sooner.
DEAN (CONT’D)
Something someone said to me recently.
Luci.
Dean and Glenn are now actually making out like the teenagers they are, hands on each other’s faces, when the door of the motel room swings open. Dean immediately shoves Glenn away aggressively.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN CAVE - DAY
Dean’s cut off by his own groan, hunching over the sink in pain and grasping the handprint.
Help how?
EXT. RIVERTON - OPEN STREET - NIGHT
Whatever, shut up. I’m going. I’ll see you tomorrow.
“Ow! Cas! There’s nothing wrong with me!” Dean pushes him off after a particularly painful pinch to the cheek. Like a grandma.
Please want me to
How did- you couldn’t have given us that before?
SLOW PAN AROUND to the other side of the barn, where AMARA is standing, waiting - wearing a killer all-black pantsuit. Cut back to the reactions of TFW. Dean’s face turns to anger while everyone else is just surprised.
DEAN (CONT’D)
“Agreed,” Jo says.
Yeah! Daddy gave me a lullaby the other night, and on TV kids ask for stories too! Gimme a story!
DJINN ONE
Your wings.
No! What? No. She-
He convinced me to disobey everything I’d ever known. No celestial order, or grand plan, or consequences mattered, not in the face of his humanity.
“Woah! Did not need to know that!” Sam covers his eyes and hides, subtly signing his misery to Eileen, who just laughs heartily.
Pleasing everyone isn’t like you
MRS BROWN
TO BE CONTINUED...
Didn’t that fade out like a year after C-
Yeah, we really don’t know why. Sorry.
None of it compares to when I met the Winchesters.
Except that dumbass angel Castiel.
Dean makes a hot air balloon falling from the sky noise, gesturing it with his hands.
This’ll be easy.
Both Djinn roll their eyes, not dealing with this human bullshit.
Jenny nods and runs off screen, then Sam moves on to the next victim.
No he’s... he’s gone. Can’t call him where he’s at.
Do I get away with it now?
How’s that for entertainment, Rudy?
INTERCUT phone conversation:
Hey, why don’t you go over and interview the witness with Cas, and I’ll talk to the sheriff some more.
“Things are kinda making sense now,” Jo says contemplatively. She props up her elbow on the bar and rests her chin on her hand. “Yeah, I remember, Cas was so obsessed with you back then-”
I do, though. It meant everything to him, a-and me. He made a deal with the Empty, to save Jack that first time he died... Only a moment of true happiness would he be taken.
Sam sets down a plate with eggs and bacon on the kitchen table. Jack climbs onto a chair and starts eating messily. It’s very Dean. Eileen looks at Sam questioningly, and signs (so Jack can’ hear):
SAM (CONT’D)
Help me get him back.
You told him the family secret? How old were you guys?
Dean’s right. He’s exaggerating, but on a notable occasion I counted five “get this’s” in one day.
Styrofoam Plates by Death Cab for Cutie is the song of the episode, which I got from looking up "daddy issues songs." Pretty effective, right? I had a great time writing this episode. Saileen or bust. Jack should've been a real baby, sorry Alexander Calvert. I love the handprint scar.
Jack’s utterly distracted by Miracle, having no idea they’re talking about him. Dean’s glaring at Sam, who’s just confused.
Sam nodded, wary of what Dean would need to do to connect with the Empty, afraid that it would break him even further. But then there Dean was, leaning against a bookshelf, clearly a little more than tipsy.
Cas isn’t in a cell. He’s in the center of the room, made up of soft looking white chairs and stylish modern tables. Dean squints at Cas’ position: he’s laid back on one of the reclining chairs with his arms tied behind it.
Trust this?
Hey Jack, you better be getting to bed soon!
“Sam and her left on a walk a short while ago.”
Affronted, Dean raises his eyebrows. “Uh, that’s the first thing you wanna talk about? We’re
CUT TO:
Eileen and Sam break apart. Sam has the dignity to look embarrassed, but Eileen has no shame.
I can’t believe it. Cas- you’re back and Dean- the first thing you wanna do is pick a fight? I thought you were going to tell him-
Hell yeah.
DEAN (CONT’D)
Staring contest again. Tension! Poor Sam interjects after a few long, long seconds.
MUSIC (V.O.)
Dean shakes his head and looks down, a broken, grim smile on his face.
(getting more annoyed)
I can’t decide
Bullshit.
(shrugs)
CASTIEL
Dean leaves one last lingering look to his (alive) family, turns back to the portal, and steps in. The portal closes around him, stitching itself back up in the same halting and flickering way.
Oh, you know. But I don’t have any orders not to pull the plug on these love birds.
SAM (CONT’D)
You were pretty Cas, pretty Angel...
BLACKOUT.
CASTIEL
You’re right, Dean, that was incredibly amusing.
MEG (CONT’D)
I hope so.
(clears throat)
“I don’t care, Cas.” Dean smiles, and pecks him on the lips again. Cas smiles back, and they do that stupid little making out thing again for a while. It feels great, warm… happy.
Then you can start to make it better.
Get the hell away from me!
"Welcome home, pal," is what Dean says when Castiel returns. He wants to say "I hope Earth is home, I hope I'm your home, you, and Sam, you're mine. Stay this time."
(deep breath)
EXT. MOTEL - BEAVER CITY - EVENING
he found again. Sam, of course, was still canoodling around on Earth. Dean liked that. Because of his heroic nonsense in defeating Chuck, the whole world got to live. To find happiness. Everyone- everyone except-
“Hello, Sam.” Michael nodded, turned, “Jack.” They only looked up to nod back, then back to their feet. They seemed a bit broken by the loss of Cas, in a stronger way than Sam was… but hell, if it didn’t hurt from all angles.
I will go willingly. With conditions.
I can give you what you want, Castiel. You can be happy.
Well, it was a normal day. But she came home and told us-
(breaking eye contact)
SAM (CONT’D)
Miss Peterson, we understand your situation. We kind of... specialize in crazy. So you can say what you saw. We’ll believe you.
(chuckles nervously)
I want you to suffer!
Sam just facepalmed. "I mean, me and Eileen celebrated Jack bringing them back from the veil but-"
, and like
Jack looks thoughtful for a long second, then shakes his head.
SUBTITLES: “I just need you to be here. Please.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CASTIEL’S ROOM
(deep breath)
Sam pulls out his phone from his pocket and excuses himself from the motel room.
(nods)
Good luck with that.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY
CASTIEL
Back- back there, that wasn’t just about her, was it? Your-
Dean whips around at the ready, and then there’s Meg, standing with her hands on her hips, her typical playfulness there.
There's a fire within my soul
Dean then has the courage to step forward and squat down next to Cas. He puts a hand on his back and another on Castiel’s face, guiding him to look at Dean.
A few more moments of Dean rocking Jack, and he talks.
CASTIEL
The motel door is suddenly busted down, it clatters on the floor. We CUT back to see TFW’s reactions - now utterly serious (sorry to cut the fun off, guys), then slowly PAN UP from the door to Lucifer, standing menacingly in the doorway. Castiel shucks his Angel Blade out of his coat sleeve and Dean and Sam grab their guns.
Shut up, Meg.
And that’s me, that’s me
AMARA
(sighs)
Hunting monsters with your brother. Your life could be a killer book series or TV show.
Watch me.
INT. THE IMPALA - STILL - RIVERTON - DAY
Plans.
You helped when I was down, I’ll help when you’re down
(clears throat)
I got you, get outta here.
Dean tenses up immediately. Perfect timing, a homophobic family after... Sam and Dean share an “oh, great,” look then look back to the Browns. Sam catches another glimpse of Cece, then she runs up the stairs.
LOW ANGLE on a puddle of blood, next to a face stabbed through the mouth, eyes wide open and empty. We can see more bodies scattered across the bar, but they’re blurry and hardly in frame.
Sam just gives a LOOK. Yeah, he knows. And no, he did not ever mention any so-called “feelings” for Cas, which Dean is now just noticing. His face falls from anger.
A brief shot of the IMPALA rumbling down the highway, passing the camera.
Said how I was his son, and I’m not! And he made me small and this mean lady threw me here and it hurts! My insides hurt!
It’s a typical crappy motel room, with the ugly floral walls and stained carpet. There are already papers set about on the beds and tables, duffle bags and clothes sitting on the floor.
Like this, I get away with kiddy stuff more. Like Jerry, he believed I was clueless. And I like being goofy. I like being a kid, like you said. It’s less... heavy.
Dean practically fell out of the rift, setting Cas down on the ground, who looked semi-conscious, but still in a sleep state.
Oh, Dean.
“Okay, one story about Sam being an idiot. Just one!” Dean pleads, giving his best puppy dog eyes.
Sam sighs - almost swooning, giving her heart eyes. God, he loves this woman.
No! I don’t even want to, not without-
CASTIEL
BLACKOUT.
So it’s just Dean and Cas then... They stare at each other for a long, long time. Because that’s what they do.
"C'mon Cas, let's go. Let's get outta here." Dean picked Cas up bridal style, and started meandering toward the little rip in the Empty 's blackness.
Eileen gives a shrug and a “yeah, that’s what I was going for” face.
THE EMPTY
So, this is goodbye, isn’t it?
Okay, yeah, I get what you’re saying. But we could use your help on this hunt. He can be a-
Dean shares a look with Cas. Weird reaction to trauma, but not the weirdest they’ve seen.
Dean gets up and starts walking towards the map room where he can access the hallways. He stops at the threshold.
What happens to Jack if we don’t come back, huh?
“Goofy kid...” y’know, at the motel. It’s nearby, and-
Dean shakes his head. Amara grimaces.
It’s a valid question.
"Don't do this, Cas," he says, and Castiel finally hears it, the unsaid. "Don't do this to me, I love you, please stay."
Man-Angel. Can Angels be guys? Can-
Could we really get Ca- ... him back?
I’m okay, Sam.
Hey, the dude can sense longing as a prayer. I woke him up with a prayer. Maybe if I panic hard enough he’ll jump up into action again!
SAM (O.S.)
We don’t deserve this!
Ok! We can research it then.
DEAN (CONT’D)
There’s a little BLOOP-DING from the table that Jack was sitting at. He runs over to grab his phone.
I won’t take back what I said. Every word was the full truth.
SAM (CONT’D)
I want a story!
“What are you talking about?!” Chuck said, panicked.
manner. “You asked me about my love life, I can do the same! Who the hell is it? Can you get cursed in heaven? Did you get cursed with a love spell?” Sam’s questions come rapid-fire and panicked.
Amara turned back to the Empty, and nodded a silent understanding of something, Dean couldn’t tell what. Then, black goo started consuming Chuck and Amara from the feet up.
Sam clears his throat, and Eileen and him both pull out their badges to show her in unison. She inspects them, then shakes her head, annoyed.
Eileen nods and grabs their backs, exiting the War Room. Then it’s just Dean and Sam. More tense silence passes, with a WIDE SHOT of the War room.
fight back okay? Okay people! Let’s not do this tonight!”
Glenn trails off.
It’d be working if you didn’t ask me about it every other minute!
Dad did the best he could. And since when is this a problem? Jack’s been fine on his own, like we were fine on our own.
White straight cowboy show?
VALERIA
It buzzed, and buzzed, and buzzed… Dean heard it the sound echo long after it stilled. He didn’t even care to silence it. Better to hear buzzing then… you changed me, Dean. I love you. Yet still he heard it. Over, and over, and over, like it was taunting him. You could’ve had this, Dean Winchester. You could’ve pulled your head out of your ass and been strong. Been brave. Held Cas and made him happy. Instead you’re here. Worthless. Broken. Failure. Dick.
DJINN ONE
Dean shoves Glenn good-naturedly and smirks.
(fond, small smile)
Dean opens his mouth but before he says anything, Amara interjects.
Dude.
A... story. You want a story?
INT. THE IMPALA - RIVERTON ROAD - DAY
So this guy pulled me out of hell, literally, then we were kinda at odds for a year. When he turned to my side, I had my eyes on this girl. Then she forgot about me, then he made a mistake, and then another one, and after we dealt with that, we were stuck in the same place for a year.
CASTIEL
Glenn rolls his eyes again, sighing. Meanwhile, Dean chomps down his lunch disgustingly quickly.
What- why? How did this happen, Jack?
EXT. WYOMING HIGHWAY - MORNING
Dean's face comes into focus. Dean groans, finally opening his eyes enough to look at Sam and Eileen, hanging from either sides of him. They’re both unconscious.
(whisper)
Evil bitch meets evil douchebag, they hit it off, makes sense to me.
The Djinn walks over to Eileen and digs his long nails into her cheek, then lazily paces over to Sam.
“Tell me about your little life! C’mon!”
Dean crawls across the bed and grabs for a beer bottle on the nightstand, and pours it into his mouth waterfall-style, but it runs out too fast, drips into Dean’s mouth. He discards the bottle by chucking it across the room. Distantly, we hear it shatter.
Dean groans and is about to make a comment, but then the handprint starts glowing through the fabric.
GLENN
Little Jack has puppy eyes staring at Dean, who grabs the remote and turns off the TV. Dean’s tearing up, running his hand through his hair.
I’m Sam, Dean’s little brother. It’s good to meet you, I guess.
Of course, Dean.
Dean stands and just stares at Castiel from afar for a hot second. Sam is not having a good time being witness to this eyefucking. But then-
I've been cheated by you since I don't know when
“Him!” Dean buries his face in his hands to hide his embarrassment. “It’s a him, okay? I’m in love with
Cece’s sitting on her bed, staring at the floor, her chest hiccing every now and again with a choked sob.
Fine, fine, I’m just- I’ve gotta tell Eileen this.
(understanding)
CASTIEL
You want me to weaponize my trauma?
Cas then walked in, similarly shamble-y and zombie like in nature, wearing his trench coat over briefs. Also with- wait what the fuck?
A foot jumps into frame, splashing in the pool of blood. The bottom half of this person continues to dance between the bodies.
Father!
Alright, I’d rather have a conversation about Cas than get the trauma talk about dad.
So, what’cha got?
Dean, you dumbass. She cannot hear you, or read your lips when you face away from her. The silence stretches for a bit. He looks over to see Sam waiting for him to realize, and Eileen just waiting for an answer. Facing them now, he repeats.
Cas squints and tilts his head at him.
Glenn pulls Robert into a tight, desperate hug.
Stop it! Stop hurting him!
Dammit. Cas! CAS, wake up!
Oh, I don’t think so. I quite like his suffering. And as you know, we had a deal.
Djinn One squares up with Eileen while Sam gets up to come to her defense. Dean fumbles to a stance then rushes over to Jerry, stabbing him through the heart in the back. The body slumps to the side of Jack, who Dean fusses over for a second.
You can try us, bitch, but you’re not going to get anything.
I see you everywhere, you know. Especially in Jack, that kid’s really shaping up to be a mini you.
MUSIC CUE: “STRANGE DESIRE,” by THE BLACK KEYS. Played under the bar chatter and conversation quietly.
I think you gotta do something other than stew in your own misery, Dean. Taking a case will help.
, you can sit down and we’ll have a nice, civil dinner while you pretend not to be homophobic. Clear?” Cas growls, and Dean shifts in his seat- when did his pants get so uncomfortable?
(groggy)
DEAN (CONT’D)
CASTIEL (CONT’D)
Dean’s pacing in a small circle in the hallway holding his phone to his ear while scooby doo plays, muffled from the wall. Every now and again, Jack’s laughter bubbles out.
Y-you married her? When- when did you have time to... get out and get married?
He does.
Hi daddy.
Slow zoom out on Young Dean’s lighter, already lit and flickering slowly. It’s almost silent in the graveyard, the only noise being the crackles of the flame.
It means what’s going on, what’s happening, y’know?
Oh, sorry, didn’t know you were that interested in shoulders. What are you, the middle school dress code?
(low voice)
DEAN (CONT’D)
Ohh, okay. Thank god, I thought you were going into another phase of denial.
THE EMPTY
Said I was happy. Said it was fine, I was fine, when I lost you, o-or him, pick any of those times. Said I loved the hunting life. Wanted to go out swinging. Just you and me, and dad, way back when. The family on the road. That’s all I needed.
(rolling eyes)
Nope.
Lock the doors and close the blinds
Sam raises his eyebrows. Dean stares him down, but ultimately gives in and throws his arms out to his sides.
Feeling cocky and strong, can’t let you go
You’ve never invited me over.
“Better than what I did. I actually
AMARA
DEAN’s still holding Jack, shushing his cries while Jack holds on to Dean’s jacket. That’s right, the bloody handprint jacket he still hasn’t taken off.
Too important to me
Dean looks around and gestures for Meg to lead the way. She starts walking, and Dean follows.
.” Cas sighs, staring at Dean with unbearable fondness. “You have saved me from a lifeless existence, taught me love, and brought me happiness. So I vow, Dean. I vow to save you from anything that dares threaten you. I vow to teach you anything you’d like to know. Bring you anything you’d like to have. I am no servant of God, but of you. I will do anything and everything for you, Dean Winchester, I already have. I vow to love you endlessly and unbearably for the rest of my existence. I love you.”
Don’t carry the world upon your shoulders.
Castiel escapes the scene and slams the door behind him. Oh, woe is Dean (he’s pouting).
What a dick.
Dean’s driving, Sam shotgun, with Jack and Eileen in the back. Eileen’s holding Jack’s teddy and making little cooing noises while Jack chuckles. Dean’s still in just his t-shirt, which is weird, so little layers, but just so we can see the handprint peeking out.
Miracle’s Out of Nowhere fades out, and -
The Impala rolls into the dirt outside the abandoned warehouse. It’s their usual gig. There’s little fence left to block their entry into it.
Yeah. And agent, as I said, need anything, anything at all, call me. It’ll be easier to reach my personal number, too. I’ve got a good listening ear, and I’ve been told I’m pretty good at stress relief too.
CASTIEL (CONT’D)
Young Dean collapses to the ground and curls into a ball, hiccing and sobbing quietly. It’s silent except for the sounds of the flames and Dean’s breath hitching.
CASTIEL
MUSIC (V.O.)
Caaas... Castielll. You diied. That was a bad thing. You gotta-
SUBTITLES: “Is he okay?”
Oh, you had a ceremony.
“Actually, uh, dad. It’s not a joke,” he says, avoiding eye contact. His voice comes out with the volume of someone who knows what the fuck they’re doing, but that idea is immediately contracticed with his voice dripping with uncertainty and nerves.
Lucifer turns around quickly, then stares Valeria down, confused.
(sympathy)
They had most of the spell ingredients. All they needed was a powerful connection from someone on Earth to the Empty, the power of Death, and Chuck and Amara’s gullibility.
Now mom and dad would never understand
CASSANDRA
Jack giggles and Cas’ lip quirks up.
Dean, shut up.
Look, whether you like it or not, we need your help on the case, and it’s only like an hour and a half away. Three Djinn working together. We hacked the traffic cams and tracked them to an abandoned warehouse outside of town.
, man. I- That’s not a killer set-up for a good time for me, by the way. I-” Dean looks around, and as expected, no one’s there yet. He sighs and looks down. The phantom grief pulls at his ribs.
Jack, he said that was the lady that threw him back to Earth.
to be bisexual, to be clear,” he adresses John, looking down on him figuratively and likely literally (
MRS BROWN
CUT TO:
So she’s not cracking, now what?
(slightly bitter)
Sure.
Meg raises her eyebrows in a challenge.
“It’s all we got,” Sam finished, sighing. That was all they ever had: barely a hope. TFW had scraped by for too long with barely a hope, and Sam was starting to wonder if joining Eileen in Heaven would be so bad.
When he looks at Sam, Sam’s looking back and giving the
, “like you say. Second coming of God, technically, yeah. But they wanna both worship me and run for the ‘hills!’ I don’t know what to do.”
Yeah, Sam’ll go with you.
And we were once connected, Dean. I care for you, and I know what you feel for Castiel. I felt it, when our souls were bonded.
LUCIFER
(cheery)
I meant every word I said, Dean. You’ve changed me. You’ve taught me love. And you can call my sacrifice, now and then, stupid, but I’ve learned that love sometimes is. And I can’t agree that anything saving you is stupid.
Dean sniffs a little. He’s ashamed to say so, but he’s tearing up and definitely in for a good cry. But he feels like he needs it, and… well, no one’s ever told him that before. He knew, rationally, he was fine but…
Dean’s fond smile turns into a coughing fit, alerting both Castiel and Jack. Jack smiles. Castiel - well, gay panic is in full force.
Hell no.
“Amara, no! Why?” Chuck yelled, desperately looking for answers in his sister.
INT. HOSPITAL - OUTSIDE CASSANDRA’S ROOM - MOUNTAIN GROVE - EVENING
I’m sick of being the new kid, Dean.
DEAN (V.O.)
You can’t, you can’t do that- he- I thought it was just an alliance, Valeria. Not a romance, not a real marriage.
Lucifer grins. There’s blood on his face. It’s pretty creepy.
(undisturbed, singing)
Aren’t all nuns girls?
DEAN (CONT’D)
ROBERT
Oh, Sam? “I wanna go to stanford” Sam?
“Oh, hey guys.” It was Adam. He looked around, and furrowed his brow. “So, where’s Dean? We have ideas for how to… manage, but he needs to hear it too.”
Well, it was horrible, obviously. They killed people and stabbed me in the back, and I think they just got-
Shh, shh. It’s okay, Jack. It’s okay.
EILEEN
Castiel stands up slowly. The blood dries on him. Dean’s just gazing longingly and shocked at him and the scene around.
Eileen nods. She can tell Sam has more to say, so she waits.
Then you’ll begin to make it better.
Instrumentals add on to Dean’s singing, and we CUT away from the room to:
MUSIC CUE: “
Kind offer, but I’m married, and not particularly interested in minors. Sit down. Do you have a... binder, notebook, or writing utensil?
Honor nods.
(scoffs)
Horrible, horrible massacres.
GLENN
Castiel sticks his hand out for Sheriff Hanson to shake aggressively.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - MORNING
Daddy come play! Father and I are the train conductor and Megator, the most powerful transformer!
Look, I can take care of Jack, I can do that. But I’m holding on by my fingernails, Sammy. The best I can do is not be our dad.
Look, it’s what dad gives us and Sammy likes all the channels we get.
And I love you. I can love you back the way you DESERVE, Castiel!
Crashed.
Dean can’t handle staring at the blue eyes that came from Cas any longer, so he hugs Jack tight again, whispering “I’m sorry.”
I think Queen Valeria will be here in a few hours, she got on the plane thirty minutes ago.
Look, man, I’m not gonna bully you or anything, okay? I just wanna say we got off on the wrong start and I wanna fix it.
EXT. CHURCH GRAVEYARD - RIVERTON - 1996 - NIGHT
WHITE TEXT: “Present Day”
Hey, Cece, right?
Then, in purgatory, having lost Cas, Dean can't stand it anymore. Can't stand the unsaid, the thoughts always bubbling beneath the surface. So he says what he can in a prayer, "I should've stopped you," "You're my best friend," "I hope you can hear me," I hope you're not gone already. Then when he sees Castiel again, he decides. I'm going to say it, I'm going to tell you I love you, but Cas stopped him. They moved on. Dean thought, you don't want to hear it, that's okay, you're here and I love you and that's all I need.
I want you to grab your nephilim, and bring him back to me.
So let me get this straight...
(sighs)
I’ve missed you.
AMARA
Dean swats that sentiment away.
Dean scoffs, then starts muttering quietly to himself.
Guys, information overload.
VALERIA
Glenn’s crossing his arms and leaning against the front door, now shut. Dean and Sam wander a little, they clearly invited themselves in.
LUCIFER
Y-you were here? Why didn’t you...
Sam waits for Dean’s answer. A beat passes. Dean sighs.
Okay, Cas, I am sitting you down for a one-on-one emotional talk.
SAM (O.S.)
GLENN
Where- I mean, we buried you in Pontiac but...
JACK (O.S.)
(voice breaking)
CASTIEL
Sam looks up from his phone, and puts it in his pocket. He can hear crying noises from Castiel’s room, Dean’s shushing muffled as well.
CASTIEL
We’re not that much of idiots.
Eileen nods, then scoots her chair closer to lean against Sam. She strokes his hand. PAN OUT to see them alone with Miracle, just sitting together for comfort. Sam sobs quietly, leaning into Eileen more.
The Empty let out a long shout that drew everyone’s attention to it. “Make it quiet again!”
(sighs)
(mumbling)
Lucifer rolls his eyes.
No one else smiles, or laughs, or speaks for a good second, then Mary leans over to John’s ear. “John, honey, I don’t think he was joking.”
DEMON
They were all briefed on how to do what they needed to do, but they still needed Death’s power to wrap things together.
LUCIFER
FADE IN:
DEAN (CONT’D)
“Gross,” Jo snickers.
LUCIFER
DEAN (CONT’D)
Valeria shrugs and smiles. She can be on board with this.
Guess who I found!
Synced flinches between Dean and Cas. Haha, idiots.
Wow! Good thinking there, Buffy. It’s the Empty.
Dude.
Well no need to name-call.
MUSIC (V.O.)
Your daughter came out to you, and you brought her to an abandoned church to leave her there? For god to forgive her for her sins? I’ve seen monsters, and man you’re-
Robert shakes his head off and tries to get up, then there’s a figure. A flickering ghost, in pastor’s clothes - PASTOR JOHN.
“I don’t care what you wrote, bring him back. I’ll do anything, I swear-”
Uh... sorry for- uh, for interrupting. But get this. I found a lead on Queen Valeria and Lucifer. What’d you hear about it?
(I-can-and-will-smite-you-dean)
So what does that mean?
Jack waits patiently for his lullaby.
DJINN ONE
That night Dean and Cas are having a little movie night. Neither of them really cares about the movie, and their thinly veiled excuse of “movie night” is quickly turning into “we-both-know-that-we-just-want-to-sit-on-the-couch-and-cuddle-so-put-on-something-I-guess.” Well, Dean’s not complaining.
INT. THE EMPTY
(sobs)
QUEEN VALERIA
(chuckles)
DEAN (CONT’D)
SAM’s cooking bacon (real bacon) and eggs. EXTREME CLOSE UP on the bacon before we PAN OUT. Then, FULL ON the room, EILEEN walking into the kitchen in one of Sam’s baggy t-shirts and her own sweats. She makes her way over to Sam and leans against him, both smiling.
You know he’s fine on his own, Dean. What’s gonna happen to him?
(under his breath)
DISSOLVE TO:
SUPERNATURAL - SEASON 16 EPISODE 03: COMING CLEAN
CASTIEL
Cas, no. Naomi’s long dead. It’s over, okay? You’re in the Empty. You gotta wake up, we gotta get out of here.
AMARA
BLACKOUT.
Dean shoves the trench coat into Castiel’s hands.
Just then, HARD CUT to the doors of the Church, being kicked open by Sam and Dean, carrying shotguns. Pastor John whips his head around and retracts his hand from Jenny’s chest. A salt bullet spray goes through him, and he’s swept away like dust.
of his son.
I’m sorry- that-
Chuck rolled his asshole eyes. “Why would I ever do that. Oh, is little Dean sad he lost his boyfriend?” Jack was moving, good. Chuck was distracted.
CASTIEL
GLENN
And... now- what- what changed?
Cece nods, not looking Sam in the eyes. Sam steps over to pull a desk chair out for him to sit on.
Shut up and watch the movie.
Dean and Glenn settle themselves on the couch, a little too close to be just bros. Dean, sleepy (or that’s his excuse), starts leaning closer to Glenn and eventually rests his head on Glenn’s shoulder.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN’S ROOM - DAY
(whisper)
No, no, no, no, no.
Sam’s just wide-eyed staring into oblivion. Poor, poor Sam.
Look, it’s great that you’re taking care of him, but I don’t know what’s gotten into you. Jack can handle himself, okay? Even if he looks like a kid right now-
(fuckin’ angry)
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CASTIEL’S ROOM
She’s gone. Lucifer looks around, sighs and drags his feet as he begins to journey through the vast Empty.
It dawns on Dean. He bites his lip and looks down.
Okay, add that to the list of vague shit my brother has said that clearly affects him that he won’t talk about.
(bitter, getting angry)
Glenn keeps writing, his expression carefully stoic.
"Jack's dead, Chuck's gone, I think it's time for me to move on." I don't have a use here, and you don't want me.
Dean looks utterly lost at the mention of Cas’ name.
Dean’s mouth snaps shut again with the invisible force, and a piece of duct tape flies out from nowhere on to his face. Queen Valeria glares at him. Dean grabs on to the bars and does his best to communicate with his eyes. Then, looking at Sam (who’s basically asleep by now) he gains a little brain cell.
(genuine curiosity)
Enjoy!
I think I want to grab the Winchesters’ attention. Get Castiel.
You’re not my father!
She’s a strong young woman.
Did she make you sign a prenup? Are you exclusive, or polyamorous? How many “I love you’s” have you exchanged-
Wait, where is she anyways?
When you’re ready, I’m here.
I don’t know. Her sister’s almost 18 so they’re thinking about moving out then, and changing it so she’s Jenny’s legal guardian, but I don’t know.
GLENN
Alright, then bring him with! He’ll be safe at the motel, just set him up with some fast food and TV.
JERRY
Dean’s standing in the bathroom, facing the mirror. He takes a flask out of his jacket - yes, that jacket - and downs some liquor. When he puts the flask down, he finds himself looking in the mirror, at the jacket, CLOSE on THE BLOODY HANDPRINT. He sighs deeply.
(to himself)
Dean?
There, lying on the ground on his side facing away from us, is Castiel.
AMARA
Hey, if you wanted him, you could’ve snatched him up sooner, seeing as you’re partners and everything.
Jack bundles up the blankets around him to get more comfortable. He gestures to himself.
CASTIEL
It’s especially hard when the people around you aren’t really there for you, y’know? They can say they understand, but they won’t, not really. And they might not even... think to care.
not engaged. Are you two in on some kind of joke I’m not?” Sam points hesitantly at Cas and Dean, squinting suspiciously. Then he looks at Cas. At Cas’ hand. At his ring finger.
Ha, nope.
CASTIEL
Great.
Castiel runs. Of course he does, he could hurt Dean like this, he can't do that again. He says "I need to protect the tablet from Heaven and from you," and means "I need to protect you from Heaven and what they've done to me, I need to protect this tablet because Heaven will use it to hurt you, and I love you."
Hey, hey, don’t worry about the bitch and Lucifer. We’ll get them, you’ll be safe, I’ll protect you.
Sam tries to hide his surprise. Guess Dean’s a little more educated than he thought.
...Who’s there?
(heavy bitchy attitude)
Hello, boys. How are we doing?
(what?)
SHERIFF HANSON
JACK (CONT’D)
Federal Agents Dirnt and Cool, we’re here to investigate the missing person’s case of your husband.
Sam, Dean, and Castiel enter the motel room. Dean sheds some layers. (Go crazy, horn dogs!) Sam sets some stuff down on a table and opens up his laptop.
Glenn breaks his pencil lead from pushing down too hard, and fixes Dean with a hellish glare, just silently staring. Dean backs off a little.
Cas, I- I’ve been trying to get you back. I’ve tried everything, I’ve done everything to… I’m so sorry, Cas. I’m so sorry.
Eileen makes it to the bottom of the stairs, and Sam meets her there, stopping her from talking with a hug. He sniffles into her shoulder for a long moment, then steps back to sign to her:
Witness’ name is Cassandra-
The stone grinded against Dean’s aging spine, but that wasn't exactly on his mind. The facts rang through his head: Cas was gone. He died for Dean. He- he lo- felt that way. About me.
JUMP CUT to Dean, kneeling on the bed, putting his hands together. Tears are streaming down his face, drying up.
MONTAGE:
It’s okay, Dean.
Yes. Be- be gentle, though. Her legs... they’re paralyzed. The attacker stabbed her through the spinal cord, and she’s, well, she’s not going to walk again. She got the news a few hours ago, so expect some coping.
PASTOR JOHN
PAN OUT on the warehouse, seeing the stars, the trees around it, and the impala resting in the makeshift driveway.
though, there was really no contest.
You stupid son of a bitch-
Glenn holds his hand over his heart dramatically.
EILEEN
Sam flings the door open, seeing Dean and Jack. Jack’s now drifted off in Dean’s arms, occasionally making sobbing noises.
(goofy)
Intensely aggressive support. Like, I want to go shout out “my brother is bisexual and out!” so hard I’m barely resisting the urge.
You son of a bitch, give him back!
Jack, if Dean is daddy, how can Sam be dad? Shouldn’t it be uncle?
VALERIA
“It’s okay, Dean,” Jack sniffles again, but Dean can feel a smile form against his shoulder.
Please, Cas, don’t do this, this isn’t you!
(breathless)
(distant)
Cas closes his eyes and breathes deeply for a long, long moment to regain his composure. “Okay, Sam,” he says, very solemnly. “There must be something deeply wrong. Dean, who have you married? I can’t believe you would do that to me.” All deadpan.
Yeah, why not? I’ll explain while you pack.
Fuck and kiss you both at the same time
DR ACKLES
“Hello!” Jack pops up in front of Dean with a wide smile on his face and his little wave. It warms Dean to the heart- a heart that is beating very quickly right now because he wasn’t expecting such an immediate response.
I could go with you.
Very funny Dean.
(salty)
CASTIEL
Shut up.
Robert spots a sanctuary far away, an abandoned church.
Interrupting Moose.
I’m so sorry Dean, I’m so sorry, I never wanted this, I never wanted-
I need you.
When Fake Dean’s body falls to the ground, Castiel’s strings are cut loose. The Angel Blade drops limp from his hand and he kneels down next to the body.
Let’s pick up your will, it’s grown fat and lazy
“No…” Sam helpfully replied. “How did this happen, Dean?”
Whatever. Get this-
“What? How?” Jack looked as confused as Sam felt.
Dean stands up and turns around. Castiel is standing by the edge of the yard, watching a Fake Dean rake leaves. Dean walks to the back of Castiel to stand and watch with him, disbelieving.
CASTIEL
JERRY (CONT’D)
Dean didn’t respond.
That’s enough of that! I’m very happy for you, I’m gonna go see my wife, you work out. Uh, that.” Sam motions vaguely to Dean and Cas’ entire bodies, which are way closer than Dean thought. He takes a step back for polite company, and clears his throat.
(yelling)
Robert gets to the church and swings the doors wide open before shutting them behind him in a panic. He leans against them, catching his breath.
DJINN ONE
(to himself, confused)
EILEEN
(resolute)
INT. ABANDONED CHURCH - RIVERTON - DAY
Oh, he remembers. Thanks for the mediation bud but uh, who are you?
(voice breaking)
Freakin? What are you, a twelve year old pushing their parents swear boundaries?
Amara raises her hand sadly, about to- but then Jack runs up to Dean and hugs him, dropping his teddy along the way.
AMARA
As the bridge of the song plays, ANGLE ON Sam, Eileen, and Dean. They take turns cleaning guns, sharpening blades, and looking up lore. They get three silver knives dipped in lamb’s blood and grab their stuff, preparing to head out.
A beat passes, Glenn staring at Dean a little differently. Then, it CLICKS. He immediately stops glaring and just stares wide-eyed. He sees something new.
Meg leans toward Dean to taunt him. Dean rolls his eyes. He does not want to deal with this right now.
He’s a kid. Always has been, even if we didn’t let him. I’m what he’s got left, with C- him gone. I’m the worst guy for the job, but I’m not going to- He’s not going to hunt. He’s gonna be a goofy kid.
The phone.
INT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - BEAVER CITY - NIGHT
GLENN (CONT’D)
MUSIC (V.O.)
Dean sits up and rests his forehead against Castiel’s, closing his eyes. Cas puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, lining up with the handprint, not going unnoticed by either parties.
Thank you, Dean.
INT. THE IMPALA - NEBRASKA ROAD - BEAVER CITY - EVENING
WIDE ANGLE ON confessional booths, all of them open, each with people tied to rebar sticks in the wood. Jenny’s there, too. Pastor John’s got his nails in Robert’s neck. FULL ON Robert and Pastor John.
Thank you, Cece. You’ve been very helpful.
You don’t have to anymore.
CASTIEL
Tell me something about... you! You guys never tell me anything about way before I was born. Tell me!
I threw them to sea, but a gust blew them backwards and the sting in my eyes
Of course, Jack.
Sam, he’s three.
Djinn One throws Sam and Dean across the room, leaving them groaning against the wall, still weak. Eileen stabs Djinn Two in the heart immediately, the life draining out of their eyes then she prepares to continue the fight. Jerry has a significant amount of fury in his eyes for someone named Jerry, and he lunges at Jack, who drops Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy and falls against the wall.
Then... what was it?
Dean looks at Sam, shakes his head, and grimaces. The “I’m probably gonna die,” speech buffers in Dean’s head before he starts talking.
Shut up!
And fuck me if I say something you don’t want to hear
Djinn One and Two shrug at each other.
GLENN
Is that... relevant?
There’s a low, long thrumming that echoes through the Empty. A deep drone that keeps tapering off then back in. The muffled screams, whispers, and voices keep echoing as well.
What- what about Chuck? How... there’s no guarantee he’s not gonna come back and mess with us. Or someone else. Or the world. Amara-
CASTIEL
Why are we here, Amara?
CASTIEL
Look Feebs, I already told the police my story and they told me I was crazy. Unless you’re gonna actually listen, I’d rather you get your asses off my property.
SUBTITLES: “I’ll meet you in our room in a few.”
“I’m afraid for your sanity, Dean. Clearly, by Sam’s superior judgement, you, being you, would never have the emotional availability to commit yourself to any one partner for eternity. Therefore, as you claim to be engaged, you are not yourself.”
I’m not gay!
A newspaper, blood dripping over it. A hand comes into frame, swishing a knife back and forth, until suddenly A FUCKING DEAD GUY drops onto the table and is stabbed immediately, grusomely, through the heart.
INT. HARRIS’ HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - RIVERTON - DAY
Took you long enough! I’m pretty sure a Winchester had time to die and come back twice in as long as I’ve been here.
Dean pats Jack’s back and ruffles his hair.
And then if I convince him it is? Then what? I j-just, talk about my damn feelings? What the fuck? aND-
Help yourself
(like a 1st grade teacher)
GLENN
CASTIEL
Personal reasons. But now that’s out of the way, we can get to the real fun.
That’s why
Cas, if you can hear me, I’m coming for you. It’s gonna be alright, buddy, please, just hang on. I’m gonna save you. Fuck.
TO BE CONTINUED...
(whispering)
Yeah, yeah.
(awe, sighs)
Dean shakes his head, trying not to tear up. Men don’t do that.
EILEEN
...We should call Dean.
Why did you want Castiel?
It’s a typical crappy motel room, but not bad for what they’ve had. Dean opens the door and ushers Glenn in.
You can tell me, Cece. I’m not your parents, I’ll listen.
(breathless laughter)
You’re the antichrist?
You are three, Jack. That means you’re not going to participate in that kind of violence. Not now. Just like-
(chuckles)
LUCIFER
He steps out of the car and breathes in the crisp, cool air. With the exhale, Dean pushes the door closed and starts walking out and into the field.
Secrets collecting dust but never forget
Dean, no.
Last time, Chuck sent TFW back to Earth, and Jack showed up, now physically a toddler and balling his eyes out. Today, we find out more about the plot of this season, special guest starring Shoshannah Stern as Eileen.
GLENN
“Why didn’t you? Only on your deathbed do I get to hear- hear…” Dean trailed off, leaning into Cas’ hand, which still rested on his cheek. “We could’ve had it. The one thing you wanted.”
Well, you said you salted and burned the nuns years ago, right?
Cas doesn’t get to finish his thought. The Empty’s goo starts racing toward them on the ground, behind them. It bubbles up and flows like a turbulent river, but is far enough away for them to be safe for now.
Sam’s looking between Glenn and Dean. Dean’s looking at the floor guiltily, and Glenn’s glaring directly at Dean. Sam huffs.
He goes running to Sam, barking and jumping at Sam’s legs. Eileen turns to Sam, still questioning.
Dean winces at the memory.
I know! I’m awesome. I mean, he’s awesome.
Dean pecked Cas' cheek. "Question," Cas nodded back, "how do you feel about sex?"
make this world better. You’ve done good, Jack.” He hears a sniff from the side of his shoulder, and suddenly he has an armful of crying
We have no idea what it’s like there. She said it was crumbling.
You were not exaggerating when you said it was complicated.
“Dean!” Mary jumps right into Dean’s arms for a warming hug that relaxes Dean a bit. Not much, but he’ll take it.
Alright, I’m gonna put in another half an hour here then we can go. You drive?
DEAN (CONT’D)
- whatever issues you’ve got to work through? He’s at peace with them.”
HONOR
Dean tries to send a consoling look at Cas (aka heart eyes). It’s, well, “working” would be an overstatement and “failing miserably” would be a bit more accurate.
I don’t know, but it feels... cold. Sad. Kind of... distant?
Tombstone? Never heard of that movie.
Whatever. But thank you, for saving my husband. Out of curiosity, did you ever come out to your dad? The one who...
CECE (CONT’D)
Hey Jude, don’t make it bad.
(little shit)
(determined)
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN’S ROOM - NIGHT
Dean, stop. It’s not- it’s not important.
LUCIFER
DEAN (CONT’D)
Dean saunters over to get the closest seat next to Stacy, which just so happens to be right behind Glenn. He’s still got that shit-eating grin on his face.
(wait, off track, Cas)
Bitch-
(sighs)
JACK (CONT’D)
I waited for him to come back. But then days passed and... I reported him missing.
"I love you, Cas, you stupid, stupid son of a bitch and you're never doing that again. You're never doing that again because I love you, and I want you, and STAY goddammit. Stay. Please. I can't believe you did that to me, you are so fucking stupid, stop dying on me. Stop it, becuase I love you. Please, please-"
Valeria.
Baby let yourself fall, I’m right below you now
Sweetheart?
On it!
,” by GREEN DAY.
About- about what you said. When the Empty took you.
Lucifer popped me out of the Empty. He got all pissy and did this to me.
MUSIC (V.O.)
“I don’t need more of you!” the Empty pleaded, gesturing vaguely at Chuck and Dean, black tears streaming down its face. “It’s too loud here!”
(yelling back)
BLACKOUT.
I miss you, Cas.
Glenn rolls his eyes, then exasperatedly hands Dean a pencil and some notebook paper. Dean raises an eyebrow, but accepts. Glenn turns back to his own work without a further thought.
CASTIEL
EILEEN
Robert was sober for a month before, y’know? I was so proud of him. He wasn’t a bad drunk, but it was bad for him. When I heard he’d disappeared at a bar...
Jack, I forgive you for that, okay? I-it was terrible, and I’m still angry, but you’re just a kid, Jack. And I care about you, I’m... I’m not faking it.
Dean huffs a final laugh, but he’s still holding on to Cas’ shoulder. After a moment of realization, he swipes the hand away.
Tell us what plans you have for us, freaks!
Dean shakes Castiel once more.
GLENN (CONT’D)
Robert turns a corner, scrambling like a mad man, but Pastor John is there, waiting. Robert slides to a stop and stares at Pastor John for a beat. Then he starts sprinting in the opposite direction.
(duh)
Dean rolls his eyes. He looks back forward and- stops dead in his tracks.
(coughs, voice breaking)
Dean swallows, wincing again at the ache.
Sam and Eileen get out of Eileen’s Car in sync, both dressed up in Fed suits. They start walking up the sidewalk to the average, but kinda broken up house. There’s a noticeable amount of paint peeling off. Eileen turns to Sam and signs:
Yeah.
MUSIC (CONT’D)
INT. THE IMPALA - BACK ROADS - PONTIAC, IL - NIGHT
Then all of the other angels and demons shambled out, forming a crowd of clearly confused celestial beings. Michael snapped, and they all disappeared.
Jack!
Speaking of, uh, Dean. Can I talk to you?
AMARA
(nods)
He’s angry because you left him, not that you care, or want to save him. And maybe he’s a little angry at himself that it was him that you were giving yourself up for. By the way, I’m not really cool with that either.
(muttering)
No answer. Dean’s shaky hands come up to his face to cover it as he sobs. SLOW ZOOM OUT on this desolate image, Dean curled up all alone in a fancy room that feels like a cold, stone, grey room.
What does that make me?
MUSIC (V.O.)
Well, we had some fun...
Wh- Dean?
Castiel looks off into space and channels his Angel Programming, going for emotionless and bitter.
You know, it’s only been an hour. Cas is gonna wake up.
CASTIEL
“Dean? What-” Sam paused, glancing around frantically while Jack just focused their eyes on the handprint on Dean’s shoulder. “Where is Cas.” Sam asked, a finality to the statement, like he knew. He didn’t. He couldn’t.
WHITE TEXT: “Present Day”
Dean breathes in deeply to work up the courage, then begins. “Cas. Castiel. I- You have been one sneaky bastard, just jumping into my life and making me care about you. Making me
You... stay here?
DJINN TWO
“I can’t believe it! You married CAS? And you didn’t tell me?!” Sam looks halfway between joy and absolute rage, which is pretty impressive. Dean has no idea what to do with that. He backs off a bit and leans into Cas accidentally, but maybe a little purposefully.
You wanna know what that true happiness was? The thing that killed him in the end, the thing that made him smile even as he fucking died on me?
That’s-
Dean sighs, throwing his head back against the couch.
Dean pauses, and Sam just stays silent while Dean lets it all out.
(taunting)
CASTIEL
Dean brings his pointer finger to his temple slowly, then continues to gesture with his hands.
Jack lets go of Dean, then runs over to give Sam and Eileen quick hugs. Dean shakes his head disbelievingly and scoffs.
I sat on that floor the whole damn night, hearing your speech over and over again in my head.
Dean throws his head back and laughs. He hears about how Eileen and Sam adopted a kid that had been in the system for too long because of his autism. His name was Dean, coincidentally, and Eileen drilled it into Dean (senior)’s head that it wasn’t because of the name, but to give the kid a family. His little manly heart warms at the thought. Plus, he can brag that the kid was named after him.
Dean hesitates, wondering to himself if he wants to share. He lets out a long sigh, and goes for it.
Dean.
“What do you want!?” the Empty snarled, glaring at Dean. “I want it quiet! I want you out! What is keeping you here?”
(defensive yelling)
I-I mean, he probably doesn’t even want to see me, given all the shit I’ve put him through. He doesn’t even know what’s real.
Castiel grimaces and Dean just looks around awkwardly. Haha, idiots.
CASTIEL (CONT’D)
(consideration, then realization)
INT. FANCY HOTEL - LOBBY - DAY
And I forget everything whoa!
John almost bolts out of his seat to attack Eileen, but Mary stops him with a gentle hand. John settles for glaring, then directs his deadly eye to Dean. “You. I always knew you were a fuckup.”
You don’t have to tell me.
Sam, look. It was the nineties. I kissed a queer boy at school. Dad did what any parent would do back then, beat the shit out of me, called me a fag, it’s no big de-
I'm just gonna tease it... next time, a certain angel is being rescued. Stay tuned...
Cas reluctantly lets John go, eyeing Dean suspiciously. Immediately, John punches Cas only to learn what Dean did 12 years ago,
"Dean, what the hell!" Sam yelled, "this wasn't the pla-" he stopped, seeing Cas.
No wonder why
(typical whining toddler)
I remember you saying we weren’t family. And you never... you didn’t treat me like this after - after what I did to Mary.
(normal)
Before that can sink in too hard, Sam forcefully grabs Dean's shoulder to huddle up TFW in a circle facing away from Amara.
“Oh, sorry, Sam,” Cas says, “We’ll catch up with you after your meeting with Eileen.” Cas smiles and nods at Sam for him to go. Sam steps in for a quick hug first, squeezing tight then letting go.
Lucifer snaps his fingers, and Jack’s gone- but wait. PAN DOWN and there’s TODDLER JACK, sitting in a little “I WUV HUGS” shirt and diaper. He immediately starts crying.
It’s not like- a-a case or anything. It’s not important.
Mrs Brown sniffles pitifully and gets a half-hearted pat on the back from Mr Brown. A beat passes with Dean sizing the two up, then he holds up his head to gesture a “wait hold up.”
Oh, great.
Sam motions to the paper bag on the table.
AMARA
Sam sighs, then looks at the door as they knock on it. It takes a moment for someone to answer. Present day Glenn Harris opens the door and blinks, looking at Dean funny. It’s a mutual “what the fuck you look familiar?” gaze.
Really Dean?
Eileen hugs Sam while Jack stares at the Empty space where the portal was.
MUSIC (V.O.)
What made you- you so different? Why are you suddenly all “I’m your dad” to the kid you said wasn’t family?
Wanna pet doggie! Daddy, can I? Can I?
Sam walks over to stand next to Dean and watch Jack together. Eileen joins Jack in cooing over the dog.
I’m pretty sure I gotta half come-out to him.
We have to talk about it. He- he beat you? Called you-
CASTIEL
CLOSE on Sam and Eileen’s hands, holding on tightly, then PAN OUT to look at Sam and Eileen.
AMARA (CONT’D)
You, uh, make sure everyone got home okay?
Sam arrives in heaven an undetermined amount of time later. Dean tried asking Cas about it but all he got was a sigh and “wibbly-wobbly, timey-wimey.” Sure, Dean has never been more proud in his life for that Doctor Who reference, but he still has no fucking clue what the deal is. But it doesn’t really matter, because there’s no
Dad could take care of it! Why your first solo hunt on your birthday?
Hunts monsters. Like, Vampires, ShapeShifters, Werewolves. I come along sometimes, too.
So you think we can leave Jack here unprotected?
EILEEN
So that’s that. Dinner tomorrow, huh?
Dean looks at Cas suspiciously, then guiltily. Wings.
Language, Dean.
“Oh. Okay. Noted.” Cas nods seriously, like he’s gonna need this information for the test on Friday. Dean snickers and leans against Cas some more.
As I was saying, we should find a way to scope out the area well enough to know what we’re going into. Valeria is powerful, and she has an Archangel on her side.
Well, it’s just like all the others, agents. Bloody, no clear motive other than their sick, twisted “fun,” and security footage showing their faces. We’ve identified the guy as, uh-
Yeah, that Sam. Look, you know we’re not feds, but we’re here to help. Now, the only connection I see between your husband and the other vics is that you’re all queer.
After Dean finally pulled away, not that Cas was really looking forward to the loss, Dean ended up with a soulful look in his eyes and tears running down his face.
Did I do good?
QUEEN VALERIA
Meg raises her eyebrows.
(exasperated, angry)
Lucifer and Queen Valeria grin.
And he smiles, knowing finally, Dean, he loves me, I love him, he knows. He knows how important he is and for some reason thinks I'm important too.
MUSIC (V.O.)
They sit and wallow in their angsty thoughts together, before Dean inhales sharply, getting Castiel’s attention.
CASTIEL
I don’t know. But I don’t think she’s lying, she’s been nothing but nice to me.
Before you guys do uh, your thing, let me finish explaining to Cas?
But you do. You identify yourself as a sin in the eyes of God! How dare you say He could allow such a disgusting, unnatural, false love!
(guilty)
Dean chuckled, and wasn’t that a bright sound. “No, Cas. We got ‘em for good. Just happened to pick you up on the way.” Dean giggled. Giggled. Cas had to be dreaming.
(innocent, sweet 13 year old Sam)
ANGLE ON Sam, Dean, Eileen, and Jack when they enter the barn. It’s Dean who kicks the door open. Then they all stop suddenly, Dean especially shocked.
You’re letting me drive?
Dude. You look like a love sick fourteen year old. Did you talk to him? Why do I feel like it didn’t go well?
QUEEN VALERIA
I hope so.
INT. ABANDONED CHURCH - RIVERTON - DAY
Dean was sobbing, true, girly, chick flick sobs. Really, who could blame him? He’d kept those tears in for a while. A long, long, long while. Then Cas goes and says… all that, and Dean was too in shock to say anything back and… well. He sobbed. Ugly, disgusting, useless tears gathered on his face and in his hands. He glanced at the blood stain on his shoulder. The goddamned handprint.
I’ve meant to ask you, actually. Queen Valeria- the Djinn Queen Valeria? From Syria?
My name’s Rudy. Yours?
. Because Cas here just beat your ass without breaking a sweat. I’m not afraid of whatever you do to me, because first of all- live with the guilt that your sons are afraid of you, and second of all- My son is
Jack said he’s, uh, “feeling” something with his powers. Don’t know what yet, but there’s something in the bunker.
“Uh.”
I’ll be home before 2 AM, you better be asleep by then.
TITLE CARD: SUPERNATURAL
I saw people get murdered, right in front of me, and I’m lucky to be alive but- but all I can think about is that I’m never going to move again. I-I’m never going to get to swim, or run, or even walk and it’s not like I did that all the time either! I just- You take a thing for granted, y’know? And now...
Why’s it giving us a little light show? Oh, do you think it’ll start flashing gay pride colors?
Okay, talk about Cas, then
Sam, Dean, and Castiel walk into the bar (sounds like a bad joke) with their Fed suits on (Castiel is still sans trench coat), flashing their badges and ducking under some police tape to make their way to who looks like the sheriff.
CASTIEL
Dean scoffs, “Peace.”
I don’t think I’ll survive if we don’t.
Uh, it was- a-an accident?
Oh, you thought he was straight.
You’re amazing.
Pastor John advances on Dean, still against the pew struggling. Pastor John grips Dean’s throat and starts digging his nails in. Dean struggles to grab his candle holder. He manages to get his fingertips on it and bring it close to swipe it through Pastor John’s ghost.
Yeah, I wouldn’t worry about that.
VALERIA
I was supposed to make paradise, I was supposed to save everyone and- and I couldn’t! Chuck took over my body and-
He’s coming back, right?
Sam shares a look with Sheriff Hanson, and they both smile a little.
Sam doesn’t even flinch or look to her, just nods. Brief ZOOM IN on the carved names. They’re all dead, all except Sam.
A moment passes of silence. Dean grieves. Sam empathizes, and waits. He’s starting to look at Dean a little strangely.
(sighs)
I-I regret…” He gives up on the sentence, satisfied that the meaning got across well enough when Cas starts squeezing him harder, like he’s gathering up Dean’s limp limbs and collecting them back into a person once again.
Dean sighs, looking back at Sam from where he was staring into space.
I was playing a part of Chuck’s game, at the time. He would never rest until he got what he wanted.
That’s for me to know, and for you to find out.
ROBERT
QUEEN VALERIA
DEAN (CONT’D)
GLENN (CONT’D)
Can’t say I do, Mrs Heller. Like I said, not gonna be here long.
That was a long time ago, Glenn.
No. But I have the option to be. You are not my keeper, Dean, no matter- my- my feel- no- no matter.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - STAIRS - NIGHT
(softly)
(desperate)
Castiel glares silently. He thinks Dean covered it. Valeria smiles, gross and self-satisfied, mischievous.
Hey, not my fault you’re jumpy.
Sam tries not to look surprised that Dean gave in, but it takes him a moment too long to fix his expression and Dean’s continuing to glare at him.
“Yeah, well, you can have it. Me. Or whatever…” Dean trails off and scratches the back of his neck. Is it just him, or did heaven get hotter? Is he blushing? Can you blush in heaven? When he finally looks up to see Cas’ reaction-
Cas you gotta listen to me! We don’t have a lot of time, okay? We’re getting out of here. Cas.
“What-”
What, um, questions do you have for me, agents?
Maybe more.
That’s adorable. You wanna go makeout in the backseat with your sweetheart?
(sighs)
Michael shook his head, disgusted. “A human you sent me to hell with has been kinder and more sincere to me than you ever were.”
Dean-
There’s not enough thoughts in the world, though, to distract from Castiel in all his glory, making his way down the aisle hand in hand with Jack, in the snazziest fucking suit known to man. It would usually send hot tingles down Dean’s spine but-
He was a bastard in life thus a bastard in death.
Ah, fuck.
DEAN (CONT’D)
CLOSE ON Dean, blinking the blurry double image out of his eyes, and the camera's.
Dean comes out of the gas station store to see someone in a beige trenchcoat, facing away, on the phone. It looks like Cas. He rushes over to them, only to turn them around and see a stranger, looking back at him with confusion. Dean looks like he apologizes, then backs off, staring longing at him.
It was a part of it. Point is, everything was so busy. He got homeless,
MUSIC (V.O.)
(giddy)
EILEEN
(ignoring her)
“Dean,” a deep voice soothes, suddenly close. Another sob shakes through Dean’s body. “Dean,” the voice insists. A distant part of Dean recognizes it’s Cas, but doesn’t do much with that information. All that comes and goes through his head is
DEAN (CONT’D)
EILEEN
CASTIEL
Jack shook their head. “The Empty has no power over Chuck and vice versa. And how do we know, if this does work, that the Empty wouldn’t just spit them back out like it did with-” Jack coughed, cleared their throat, and opened their mouth to finish the sentence. They then closed it, shaking their head.
We were friends, Dean. You were my best friend. And it was only for a few months, I know. I didn’t want more, until you... Then you never talked to me again.
END MONTAGE.
Styrofoam plates, cafeteria tables
, the- the fear, Dean realizes. He’s just a person, and he’s realizing he’s messed up. Finally.
I was an asshole, then it was ok between us, I guess. He had a son around the same time he... left, and I raised him all the wrong ways.
Well, it was for the history in class essay tomorrow, until some jerk came over and knocked my stuff out of whack.
Oh, fuck you.
Surveilling the situation, Dean knocks his knuckles on the bars that connect his and Sam’s cells.
CASTIEL
CASTIEL
“I know, kid,” Dean chuckles. “It’s an expression. Don’t you, like, know everything now that you’re capital G God?”
When the silence stretches, Sam starts looking between Glenn and Dean to see what’s going on. Realization dons on both Dean and Glenn. Dean looks spooked and Glenn is pissed.
So what does he do?
We have, uh. Marvelous Marvin, the Talking Teddy!
I’m not here with Chuck. I don’t think he even knows I’m here, to be honest. He’s been caught up in writing some... white, straight, cowboy show.
It’s all quite graphic and horrid. Definitely Lucifer and Queen Valeria’s work.
He’s not going and that’s final, Sam. I thought you’d be with me on this.
It feels like both an eternity and not a second gone by when the bedroom door creaks open softly then shut once more. Dean curls further into himself, where he hides his eyes in his knees, ashamed to be doing this and ashamed to be seen like this. His tears stain his jeans and there’s a gross glob of snot collecting in his hands.
(grumble)
DJINN ONE
Dean- if you recall, the infuriating one?
Har, har, Val.
(tired, irritated)
We don’t really know why, but we know it has something to do with a Djinn Queen, Valeria. She’s working with Lucifer and says we’re, uh, “important,” or something to her plan.
MATCH CUT:
Rowena had decided to officiate under no one’s approval, and she didn’t seek it. She said that they met in hell, they’re marrying by
(singing)
“For the record, dad, he’s bisexual, and he’s never been a ‘fuckup!’ You-”
Oh, they’re not yet.
They meet alone on a bridge. Cas figured they’d want some time to catch up by themselves.
Then you begin to make it better.
Dean.
Meg is grinning, evil, dark, and EMPTY.
DEAN (CONT’D)
DEAN and SAM walk into the library, Sam losing patience, and Dean just angry. Dean paces back and forth while Sam slumps into one of the wooden chairs.
Uncomfortable? I wasn’t feeling uncomfortable, Cas, I was feeling like shit! I lost my best friend, the l-
BLACKOUT.
Alright.
Jack looks at Dean with irresistible puppy dog eyes. Dean lets Jack down slowly, who runs directly over to Miracle to hug him. Miracle’s gentle with Jack, because god, what a perfect dog. Sam straightens from leaning down to pet Miracle, and looks at Dean with a mix of pride and confusion.
No, that’s somebody else. I’m Jack. Who are you?
I spent so long pretending, you know, about everything. Said I was straight. Said I wanted no commitment, just sweet short nights with women.
Shut up.
Dean glares at him.
CASTIEL
Oh, I don’t know, maybe the Djinn Queen and her, apparently, henchman Lucifer are gonna go after the kid? Ever think about that? You heard those nasty fuckers, they think he’s vital.
“Don’t get all mushy on me, Dean
He’s always been a kid! We just didn’t let him act like it!
Shut the fuck up.
Dean- where- where are we?
“Uh, hey, Jack? You there? I wanna, I wanna talk to you. If that’s alright.”
The Impala rumbles quietly as it parks on the sidewalk next to the house. Dean turns off the ignition.
Otherwise...?
Let’s just get this shitshow on the road, alright?
Queen Valeria?
Dean?
“John, go. You need to leave.” Mary squeezes John’s shoulder, but it’s less of comfort and more of a threat. John listens.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - BATHROOM - NIGHT
(god, more) uncomfortable silence. Dean clears his throat and wills the words to come out of his mouth. Sighing and doing his best to ignore the pit in his stomach that seems to drag to the floor, he readies himself.
Dean huffs again. He looks out the window to his left and stares, moody.
I died for you, not because of you. There’s a difference.
GLENN
Can I start Scooby Doo without you?
And I will reiterate, what do you want from us? Why is Sam drugged and we’re... not?
After another moment, the tension just SNAPS. Dean “goes there.”
Dean scoffs. Oh, idiot past Dean. (Of course, present Dean isn’t doing too hot either.)
(sour)
With that shout, Lucifer does finger guns at Sam, Cas, then Dean. With each little flick of his fingers the corresponding person collapses, unconscious.
SAM (CONT’D)
“I’ll-”
Yeah, they’re all good.
SUPERNATURAL - SEASON 16 EPISODE 05: INTERRUPTING MOOSE
Sam smiles a little bittersweet at Dean’s protectiveness and whisper-shouting. Dean glares at him, just daring him to comment.
,” Dean promises, with intense conviction, just staring at Cas’ expression, convicting it to memory.
. Literally almost beat him the fuck to death. A-and he- I got him killed. Several times. Said shit- unforgivable shit. It’s not something we can just
CASTIEL
EILEEN (CONT’D)
Dean flipped Michael off, but never tore his gaze from Cas. Cas was really… really back. They had so much to talk about.
DEAN (CONT’D)
Amara grimaces, then smiles painfully, regretfully. She breathes deeply and sighs.
Or feed you poisoned birthday cake
JUMP CUT:
Cas, I gotta tell you something while I have you.
Dean jolts. Castiel is back laying on the ground, with Dean standing next to him. Slow clap heard from offscreen. Dean whips his head around.
She was mean!
DEAN (CONT’D)
“Are you still anxious?” Cas asks while holding Dean’s left shoulder, firm.
Obviously, Eileen can’t see Dean’s lips moving (he forgot), so Sam signs to her:
Queen Valeria enters the stage, wearing an elegant dress and gold jewelry. She sits on a chair next to Castiel.
I’m sorry, Cas. I’m so sorry. Please come back.
Dean gestures wildly to the glowing handprint on his shoulder.
Sam rushes over to hug Eileen tightly, both of them smiling into it. Sam’s huffing a little, surprised. Sam pulls back so Eileen can read his lips.
I agree. Dean, you can shut up.
Dean glares at him for that, but Jack only grins back playfully.
Sam walks over to watch the burning with Dean, looking at him questioningly. With the fire lighting up the brothers’ faces,
Jack tilts his head to the side, squinting. It’s very Cas.
Lucifer walks in, slowly, grinning and kicking bodies leisurely on his way up. He settles on the arm rest of the throne, and basks in the gruesome atmosphere. There’s hardly any movement in frame, starkly contrasted with the upbeat song.
Dean shakes his head, and looks to his shoulder. The Bloody Handprint. He turns back to Jack and puts a hand on his shoulder.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - MORNING
DEAN CASTIEL
She broke up with me ‘cause she thought I had- feelings for you. Y’know, in the... gay... way.
CASTIEL
Oh, you- you think you can fight me? Me?
QUEEN VALERIA
Uh, we’re not gonna rush in. Once we get there, we’ll survey the situation and make a plan.
GLENN
Dean clears his throat.
Dean shakes his head, looking down at the Map Table. He pulls the flask out of his jacket, drinks, then stalks away silently. Sam doesn’t push it, just sighs.
CASTIEL
CASTIEL
QUEEN VALERIA
(clears throat)
VALERIA
Last time, we got Cas back from the Empty with a little cameo from Meg and Amara. This time, will we face our feelings, or will we carefully avoid that conversation until we can't? Stay tuned!
There’s a beat of silence where Dean looks at where Dr Ackles and Castiel are touching, glaring.
Don’t be stupid. I’m staying.
(normal)
Amara looks down at Jack, startled. Then she smiles.
It’s not that bad.
Kind of.
“Chuck you asshole get down here! We’ve got a lot to talk about!” Dean yelled, full of anger he didn’t really feel. It was desperation driving him. And… love.
INT. SAM AND DEAN’S MOTEL ROOM - MOTEL - MOUNTAIN GROVE - NIGHT
It’s this human, Castiel. He’s dragged everyone he knows down to- to his own hatred, his pain. He can’t give you what you want. He doesn’t love you.
Okay, I’m saying it. That was a stupid fucking thing you did, Cas. Sacrificing yourself?
(sighs)
Dean rolls his eyes and sighs. “It doesn’t matter.”
Dean straight (haha) up stops in his tracks to face Sam, and he takes a hand off Cas to point at Sam, accusatory. Sam’s got a shit-eating grin. Jack’s a little confused.
MUSIC (V.O.)
Anyways, uh. What’s the happs?
Well, now that we know where they are... now what?
That’s what?
Do not.
I might be able to get you out of here too. Might. Besides, whatever fucked up thing you had with Cas, you had something. Are you in?
QUEEN VALERIA
DEAN (CONT’D)
Castiel then looks at Dean, staring at him sorrowfully. He leans in and caresses the side of Dean’s face, who leans into it. (Trust the Jacting Choices: Dean stares longingly into Cas’ eyes.)
Then who?
Love.
But it’s too late. He...
(that’s unexpected)
And don’t you know that it’s just you, hey Jude, you’ll do.
Yeah. I, uh, I’m sorry if you feel used.
This isn’t much of a negotiation, dear.
CLOSE ON Jack, his eyes glowing yellow-orange and the air buzzing around him. The Djinn somehow fail to notice. Then, FLASH CUTS of each of the chains on Sam, Dean, and Eileen breaking off in quick succession. This gets the Djinn’s attention, who quickly turn around. But they’re not fast enough.
EILEEN
MUSIC (V.O.)
And what, drag him back to the church to absolve him of his sins?
Oh you’ll probably go to heaven
That shuts Dean right up. He shakes his head and looks down, not dignifying that with a response.
Dean shrugs, then catches Stacy’s eyes, giving her another wink. She smiles back, bites her lip briefly, then turns to her work.
It’s cold and hard and petrified
Drink.
I CAN’T DO THIS WITHOUT YOU!
Jerry comes in with Jack following patiently behind him, still clutching Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy. Dean, Sam, and Eileen jolt at seeing him.
Dean is sitting in a pile of lore books, a series of shots showing time passing as he pours over them. Shaky camera with ANGLE ON Dean’s hand, tracing words in the book. Then, CLOSE ON the words “nothing known about the Empty, no way to access...”
It’s no stretch to say you were not quite a father, but a donor of seeds to a poor single mother that would raise us alone,
Jack’s sitting on top of one of the tables, rubbing his eyes. When he takes his hands away, JACK’S POV shot of blurry spinning as well as EXTREME CLOSE UP on his eyes, glowing. A buzzing and high pitched whining fade in quickly, then out just as fast.
OLD GUEST
You keep staring at me like rainbows are gonna come out of my ears. So tell me, Sam, ‘re you holding in a slur or aggressive support?
INT. BAR - RIVERTON - EVENING
EXT. CHURCH GRAVEYARD - RIVERTON - 1996 - NIGHT
Dean facepalms.
I wouldn’t do that, okay? I’m not an asshole.
Dean flees the room. Glenn smiles at himself, and packs up his things quietly.
Y’know, a little advice? Whatever you’re fighting over, whatever is coming between you two, people who fight like that really love each other. This thing, it’ll all seem like nothing when it’s over.
Beat of silence. Dean cut himself off, staring at Sam hopelessly.
Wait, Dean. Don’t go into this blind.
. Cas is perfectly polite and friendly to anyone that doesn’t know him, and fortunately John doesn’t, but
Dean shifts in his bed, uncomfortably moving his aching shoulders. He sighs, and CLOSE ON Dean, him blinking asleep, but then his eyes wide again instantly.
They smile at each other and kiss again, this time taking longer. And oh- moment ruined. Dean shows up, holding Jack to his chest, and MIRACLE running by his feet. He wolf-whistles.
You two were friends?
CASTIEL
Eileen covers her mouth and swoons.
(wow...)
Dean doubles over and holds on to Cas’ shoulder for support as he absolutely LOSES IT. We see Castiel’s shoulders shaking, but the sound is absent.
Can I tell you something?
Jack runs over to Cas to jump into his arms and hug him. Dean chuckles, and Castiel is reasonably confused.
“In the beginning, it was only Chuck, Amara, the Empty, and maybe Death. So they can coexist, and we just kinda gotta hope they’ll stay. Chuck has no way to get out, and we have this spell that can attempt to give the Empty no way to Earth either. It’s not foolproof, but-”
Dean practically flees the room, leaving just our favorite chaotic basically-brothers. Castiel sighs, hurting. Sam looks at him sympathetically, and comforts with-
Why the jumping around?
SAM (CONT’D)
“Oh come on. Whoever she is, she’s got you whipped.” Dean sighs and swishes the remaining whiskey in his glass around in circles. Jo leans in to further inspect his expression. “Oh my god, you’re in love with her! Okay.” Jo schools her expression to an acceptable amount of concern and excitement. “You can tell me.”
Hi daddy. I’m hungry.
Well, good on you. You sat with the one gay kid in the whole school.
CASTIEL
There. Again, it’s happening again. I can feel something. Stronger, this time.
END MUSIC CUE.
Oh, clever. I’ll be sure to tell my unicorn all about your increasing wit when we get to him.
(pouting)
SAM (O.S.)
Oh my fuck. Oh Jesus Christ, you two are hilarious. I can’t- Cas, just check out the computer crap-
“Hell yeah!” Dean pumps his fist. “Good catch, I mean, she’s probably gonna move on to bigger and better things once she gets up here and sees me.” Dean waggles his eyebrows suggestively and points both thumbs at his chest. He gets a hefty eyeroll for that.
Jack shakes his head. That seems pretty important, but oops, forgot to tell him. Dean’s clearly basking in the bittersweet memories.
Just you, little teenybopper! C’mon, father and son again? Now I know, I know you’ve got a little bad blood with me right now but we’ll fix it! How does ruling the world, bringing paradise sound to you? Eh?
INT. MOTEL - BEAVER CITY - EVENING
LUCIFER
Deaaan... I think... drugs are on me. I’m on drugs. I feel-
Just a little drive, we’re gonna check something out.
"I sent the Angels to Heaven and the Demons to Hell. Otherwise, we might've needed to fight them, and I don't think lover boy is up for that."
Dean rolls his eyes.
Uh, guys. Look, you can fight later, but I’m just- uh, Cas, what do you know about Valeria?
DEAN (CONT’D)
Yeah, didn’t go well. And Sam started the apocalypse, I said yes to Michael... we’re all messes, buddy. We still care about you.
Dean shakes his head and scoffs. The truth would be helpful, but it’s damn chick-flicky.
. Jack manages to bend the realms to be able to invite their friends like Rowena, brings back Gabriel, Balthazar, and other assorted
And what, Castiel? That’s already quite a demand.
Sam takes a drink out of his whiskey glass, grimacing as it goes down. PAN UP to see Eileen leaning against a column, looking at Sam sorrowfully. She’s wearing some dorky pajamas.
he continues. “I just- the nerves keep getting worse the closer we are to the main event.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - LIBRARY - NIGHT
Jack... can I, can I ask you something?
DJINN ONE
I found out what it takes to be a man
"I love you," Castiel says, with the spear of Michael poisoning his body, "I love you all." What's left out is "I love you, Dean. I'm in love with you and you changed me." Without those words, Dean chooses to believe it's family love, because that's what he knows. He doesn't know how to be in love, and he doesn't think he deserves to.
Well, doesn’t change what happened.
Use the energy core to blow himself up and save the train conductor!
Dean very literally BOLTS into Cas’ arms and hugs him incredibly tight. Like, it can’t be comfortable, kind of tight. Castiel returns the hug tenaciously, dropping the torn trench coat (we’ll never see that one again).
INT. SAM AND DEAN’S MOTEL ROOM - RIVERTON - MORNING
It won’t do any good to psychologically scar you, Jack.
Any, um, other details you could share with us?
WHITE TEXT: “Present Day”
I’m sure he’s getting close.
C’mon, buddy, let’s go.
When Castiel is human, he dies, however briefly. Dean says "Cas," and "Cas!" and "CAS!" He means, "Cas, stop it, stop dying, Cas! I don't want you to die, CAS! Please, I love you, stay alive." Castiel comes back, and Dean says "never do that again." This time, Castiel hears what he means. He hears "don't die on me, Cas," he hears "I need you," and for Castiel, being needed is enough. He doesn't know that he's wanted. When he hears the explanation that Dean had tricked the reaper into saving him, he says "you lied." Because one of the first lessons he received from Dean was that when you lied, it's because it's something you really, really want. Then he knows he's wanted, and he cherishes it.
With Jack dead asleep, Dean sighs, looking at his sleeves. Jack’s hand is clutched onto the bloody handprint. Dean quickly looks away and tries to not think about it.
Up and at ‘em, come on!
...Stacy, uh. Stacy broke up with me.
Anyhow, I’m here to help.
Sam. You’re not gonna drop this, are you?
MUSIC (V.O.)
I know, Cas. But what can we do? Just wait for them to come get us instead?
Sam’s whole body language practically says “dude.” Dean rolls his eyes and broods his way out of the bar.
Dean winces, with a little ringing sound effect. He clutches the handprint, where the pain is coming from, then inspects it further. Something’s up. Dean peels off his excessive layers, except for his T-shirt, which he bunches up to look at -
Dean squats down to beckon Miracle, who immediately comes running. He pats Miracle and scratches his ears.
Dean fusses over Jack. Eileen looks at him patiently.
Dean walks into the Dean Cave freshly showered, new clothes, except for The Jacket, which he kept. Jack’s laying on his stomach on the floor with Miracle beside him, watching as Scooby Doo dances across the screen.
They’re safe.
WRITTEN BY: SOMEONE WITH NO LIFE
(clears throat)
Dean turns a funny shade of red and chokes on his own spit. Sam cackles and Castiel looks at least a little ashamed.
Honor looks between Sam and Eileen suspiciously, then sighs.
DEAN (CONT’D)
Bitch.
Jack gets up and starts walking purposefully through the library. Sam follows, hesitant and concerned.
(bitter chuckle)
Shit.
...thank you.
Good, she’s good, for someone going through all that.
“Ha ha,” Dean smiles humorlessly.
The Empty, again, but this time with just Castiel. He kneels on the abyss, screaming. Black goo wraps itself around his mouth and his yells turn muffled. The goo recedes and Castiel takes a breather.
The IMPALA barrels down the highway, it’s engine purring and slowly fading away as the Impala passes the camera’s view.
Okay, he’s mad at you. But not really- not the way you think.
Dad’s right. Father is going to wake up any time soon, I can feel it.
Jack babbles some nonsense to Miracle, who barks back. Jack imitates Miracle’s bark and giggles at him.
Dean nods to himself more than to anybody else and smirks, humorlessly. “Look, I could internalize all those fancy little words you’re telling me. I could hate myself for being what I am. But I did that already, and gotta say, not super jazzed about the results. Them being: oh, you know, hurting the people I
EILEEN
QUEEN VALERIA (CONT’D)
(serious)
Dean continues whimpering pitifully in Cas’ arms, trying to be quieter. “A-are- is mom still downstairs?” He feels the movement of Cas shaking his head softly.
Technically, I was only 16 at the time.
WRITTEN BY: SOMEONE WITH NO LIFE
I-I mean, yeah man. Y-you, yeah, go for it.
DEAN (CONT’D)
The mark that Castiel gave you. Don't you know what it means?
Sheriff Hanson starts laughing heartily. Sam smirks, but doesn’t join in.
What are the ghosts anyways?
CASTIEL
SAM (CONT’D)
Dean comes out of the bathroom with spiky wet hair and a new set of clothes - except for the jacket. He kept that on. It’s starting to become his signature look.
Sam gestures vaguely to Dean, who is just tired, done, empty.
Ten seconds.
Stop it.
They spoke in unison. Sam sighs, rubbing his eyes.
He’s been-
Won’t, um, be necessary. It’s nothing.
“I would,” Amara said while turning her gaze to Chuck. “But only you can do that.”
I can do research.
Castiel jolts violently and tries to spring up into a full sitting position, but is held back. He snarls, then shakes his head and looks over to Dean.
Oh, just, you fight like me and my husband.
Look, I don’t know if your buddies set you up to this, but it’s not funny. You’ve been following me around for a week. And if I recall, you fled the moment you heard I was gay. So either get straight to the bullying, or leave me alone.
...Man?
Well, that was entirely appropriate.
Quit being difficult and ADMIT IT!
LUCIFER
(hissing)
INT. CASTIEL’S ENTRANCE BARN - PONTIAC - DAY
(sighs)
DEAN (CONT’D)
Jack’s eyes dim back to normal. He shakes his head, then puts his hand over his left shoulder.
CASTIEL
Sam goes on with the Fed script, oblivious to the little staring contest.
So, totally forgot about this on Monday so I didn't update. But here's the final complete chapter I have- working on more, I swear! It might be a while, though, and sorry to leave you on this cliffhanger.
JERRY
CASTIEL
Actually, I prefer your brother, but thank you for the offer.
Hey kid.
Dean gets out of the car, and Sam takes a moment to sigh at his brother’s repression before following.
Don’t go there, Sam. Don’t, he told himself, gathering up his will to fight for this world.
life?”
Jack nods numbly, clearly far more interested in the dog. He reaches his arms out and wiggles in Dean’s grip.
You know, while I may be an angel I’m not sensitive to words like “shitty” or “fucking.” You may swear.
(delirious chuckle)
(sighs)
Valeria. And you know how loud it is?
If I don’t come back from this, you can move on. You’ve done it before, you can do it again. But if you don’t come back? What happens to Eileen? And Jack?
END MUSIC CUE.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - BATHROOM - DAY
Why’s it gotta be me?
Castiel rolls his eyes, then a creaky door clicks and slams shut. Dean looks around frantically for something to defend himself with, but comes up empty. Cas just struggles against his binds some more.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
(deadpan)
Mr Brown sits on the couch next to Mrs Brown, and looks intensely at Sam and Dean, walking the line between a glare and polite eye contact.
BLACKOUT.
Jack sits at the table with a clueless, blank expression. Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy is sitting on the other chair, next to him. Jack tilts his head to the side.
We’re going for a ride
EILEEN
Lucifer he-
Look, whatever crap you guys got stowed, get over it, okay? Glenn, your husband’s missing. Can you tell us anything about that?
Glenn uses legitimate air quotes. Remind you of anybody?
Pastor John’s ghost appears beside Dean and lets out a long screech as he grabs Dean and throws him into a pew.
GLENN
Dean starts running for him. Meg leisurely follows. Dean kneels down next to Castiel, turning him onto his back, shaking him.
Dean looks at the bloody handprint and sighs. He closes his eyes and takes a moment to breathe deeply, then carries on as if Sam hadn’t said anything.
They were supposed to taunt Chuck into showing, then open that rift to the Empty with Dean’s prayers, chuck Chuck in, and leave it, sealing the rift forever, never letting anyone from the Empty ever return. But if no one could return, Cas couldn’t return. He’d be stuck there, forever, having never known- never known that- he could’ve- it didn’t matter. Cas was coming back.
. I- I can’t help but love you, I don’t think Dean can either, but- we aren’t proud to have you as a father either. And I wish-” Sam clears his throat, tears forming in his eyes. Dean struggles not to join him in the waterworks, holding on to Cas’ hand.
INT. EILEEN’S CAR - KANSAS HIGHWAY - MOVING - MORNING
QUEEN VALERIA walks from one side of the barn to the middle, and leans down to look at the dripping goo. She smirks, then pushes her finger up through the darkness, forcing the hold to open up into a rift. She walks in.
Sam and Eileen then enter, clearly going somewhere with Jack. They look at Dean questioning, mouths moving but drowned out by the music. Dean shakes his head, and Sam and Eileen leave him be.
LUCIFER
If they want to go to hell.
THEN: Newspapers, clipping, websites, all and any news articles talking about brutal murders with a certain Lucifer and Valeria plastered all over it.
EILEEN
GLENN
Establishing wide shot of the church. Broken pews and bibles layed all about, papers sticking out and ripped.
“I don’t know what I’m doing anymore, Cas,” he admits, like a sin to a pastor in confession. “I don’t know what I’m doing,” he pleads again, staring directly into those baby blues.
My question is: why is Valeria working with Lucifer, and vise versa?
Where is it going? Do you know? Can you feel the thing I can? Wait, why can I feel it? That’s weird. Do you know why it’s back? I don’t think-
...How do you feel about a little trip?
CASTIEL
Sam steps up and walks over to Cas. He sets Jack down, and pulls Sam in for a short, very Bro Hug.
Jack’s sitting and crying in the same position. He wails and sobs.
Jack pouts and plays with his teddy’s arms unenthusiastically. Then LIGHT BULB in that little, amazing brain of his.
(pause, then incredibly earnest)
face.
QUEEN VALERIA
JACK (CONT’D)
Did you know AC/DC is slang for bisexual? It stands for Alternating Current slash Direct Current, meaning going both ways.
Jack smiles, then does a Very Dean thing, and deflects.
You gonna buy me a drink, handsome?
Now as much as I like the chit-chat, I’m not sticking around long. My brother’s needy, and if he knows I’m here he’s going to throw a tantrum. Listen carefully.
(a little softer)
Glenn glares between Dean and Sam, hovering on the decision to spill. Then, he does.
Who the hell do you think? You really-
He called you “daddy.”
Okay. Uh, let’s go.
I still don’t get why I can’t see it! I’m three years old, almost four, I can take it! I’ve seen bad stuff before!
CASTIEL
Glenn backs off, offended.
Sam translates the exchange to Eileen in sign language, then they both snicker. Dean glares at them. Jack runs off to his room with Miracle, and immediately Dean’s smile falls to a truly depressed expression.
WIDE SHOT on Dean and Cas, running still. The Empty is catching up quickly. But there’s the rift, a shred of light from the outside world, just in reach. Castiel’s knees buckle for a moment, but Dean carries them on.
) cute. “Dean- I, um. You don’t mean that?” It’s a question. Dean smiles.
SHERIFF HANSON
Dean beams and his original Team Free Will. “Yeah,
Dean sighs, having resigned himself to being dragged out there. Don’t tell anyone, but he’s a little relieved to get out of the bunker.
The movement you need is on your shoulder.
Glenn’s absolutely speechless, and so is Dean. They lean further in to each other, and GAY KISS. What? Dean Winchester? Kissing a guy? More likely than you might think.
I don’t know... I’ve signed myself up for a shrink, but I don’t know how talking about how much this sucks is gonna make it suck any less. But I’ve got family, too. They’re on their way.
I don’t know, Sam.
(capital FOND)
his face down into the table, pinning him there.
GLENN
The lighter continues it’s fall in the foreground as the background changes to Pastor John’s grave, where the match drops. He appears only to burst into flames. He screams out.
I swear to god if you end that sentence with “it’s okay to be gay” I’m going to shove you down the next set of stairs I find.
Haha, all that shit is “coming out.”
stab Cas when we met.” Dean’s a little hysterical. It’s not that funny, but the bubbling anxiety in his chest needs to come out somehow.
Oh, shut up. Yes, I know.
“Of course.” Jack nods seriously, and Dean has no idea how the kid used to remind him of Lucifer- there’s not a drop of blood in his body (if God has a real, bloody body) that isn’t entirely Cas’ son.
MR BROWN
Castiel turns to face Dean. Prolonged eye contact, as always.
Dean washes his face off, staring at himself in the mirror. The camera closes in on his shoulder, the handprint barely hidden by his sleeve, but Dean tries to ignore it. Then the handprint starts to glow light red, burning.
SUBTITLES: “Shut the fuck up, Eileen - Dean.”
(done with his dramatic pause)
INT. THE IMPALA - STILL - RIVERTON - DAY
“I’m here!” - Eileen
“You… don’t?” Dean’s never seen Cas this uncertain before, and it’s a little adorable but mostly concerning.
The dinner’s at Dean’s house, because they collectively agree that if the cooking is left up to anyone else, it probably wouldn’t be that great of a time. Eileen comes to help out, though, because she’s a capable human being who knows how to take care of herself. That can’t be said for anyone else attending the dinner. There’s not much else to do but wait for the burgers to fry, so Dean and Eileen chill in the kitchen and talk.
(to himself)
CASTIEL (CONT’D)
Still don’t get why.
Good to know.
I’m taking care of Jack.
He’s not a travel agent.
Two. One. Good. Let’s go.
He sung to you. I’d like to hear him sing. It’s always been too quiet under the music. I wonder-
And fuck me if you only hear the treble in your head
Stop doing that.
It’s the scar he left on me when he rescued me from Hell.
“Now boy, you ought to drop the act by now.” John stares Dean down, like he’s reevaluating the
DEAN (CONT’D)
CASTIEL
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - BATHROOM - MORNING
EXT. RIVERTON, WY - BACK ALLEYWAY - NIGHT
Trapped inside a roll of disillusion
A tense moment of silence occurs. Sam’s trying to figure out how he can convince Dean, as well as looking at him with pity. Eileen sets her fork down softly and grimaces. Jack looks at his feet.
Yeah, basically.
(pause, then)
Oh you’ll probably go to heaven
Is that what you think of me? Bringing a kid into his own hell just for my-
Did you just quote Taylor Swift?
What do I need to do?
INT. DEAN’S MOTEL ROOM - RIVERTON - EVENING
CASTIEL
Several other figures started to rise from the sludge, and Dean recognized a few as Angels he killed or watched die.
What?
That makes no sense.
(softly)
That breaks Dean’s heart and it feels like there’s a pulling in his chest taking his ribs apart. He can’t believe he never- “I’m so sorry, Jack. Can you- I want you to forget all the times I was angry at the world and took it out on you, because I never meant it. I never meant you weren’t family. Because you are. You’re- you’re like my kid and I prayed to you because I couldn’t stand to know you didn’t know that.” Dean will deny it if it ever comes up, but he feels a tear or two drop down his cheeks.
Sure kid, just don’t go anywhere while I’m in the shower!
MUSIC (V.O.)
You don’t need to search after me. I know you’ll be okay Move on, keep living-
Castiel steps forward some more, and holds on to a cell bar for support. He’s having a hard time standing.
Where are you going?
(concern)
GLENN
Then you can start to make it better.
And now you’ve made me angry
What the hell do you want from us!
No, I believe J- Megator is right. The only way to save the... train conductor... is for Megator to do- what was it?
We pick up right where we left off, TFW staring down Amara. Dean steps forward.
Wouldn’t you rather flirt with Stacy and her gang than sit with the nerd?
give a fuck. Okay?”
And how are we important to their plan?
DJINN ONE
Uh, I don't know about where she's from, bur yeah, that’s her. You’ve heard of her?
Dude.
Can’t sleep again?
Cas knows what’s coming and averts his eyes. Dean leans to peek out the motel window to see Sam chatting with Eileen on a video call.
Sam chuckles grimly. It’s funny, not funny ha-ha but... Talking about this thing that’d gone so long without words.
In the church. But something’s been bothering me, y’know, why just disappearances? Why wouldn’t the ghost kill them?
Too good, actually. You see, I’m on orders to grab you little winchesters and your pet antichrist. Speaking of, you wouldn’t happen to know where the little guy is?
The Queen of Hell, apparently.
angels from the Empty. Apparently, too, that’s where the Old Death had been residing, and he’s invited too (On the one condition that Dean is allowed nowhere near the Scythe, and apologizes profusely with greasy food).
Dean throws his arms up, letting go of Castiel’s.
THE EMPTY
You’re a disgrace to the concept of family
CASTIEL
Fine. A-anyways-
for you, and ask you to stay with me, for us. And finally, I vow to you, myself. I am yours, Cas. I’m yours.”
Valeria’s suddenly beside both Lucifer and little Jack, arms crossed, glancing between them judgmentally.
“Yes, and why did you do that?!” Chuck looked offended. Serves that fucker right.
DR ACKLES
We begin after the (made up) commercial break with Sam, Dean, and Cas slammed into their own respective wall spaces. (If there’s a drinking game going on, shots all around folks! They got slammed into a wall! How totally atypical!)
‘Bout time I started acting like a father, don’t you think?
We were having another regular meeting when these three guys show up. They started grabbing everyone’s arms, and their faces lit up with these- these freaky blue tattoos.
CASTIEL
“Cas you’re killing me…”
Reckless. Reckless.
No wonder why
(ready to throw hands)
While the signing conversation is happening: Blurry in the foreground, Jack, Miracle, and Dean are talking, muffled and quiet.
Cas grunts a little at the impact, and slowly brings his arms up to hug back, softly. “Hello, Dean.”
And I’m thinking of you, I do every year
Let’s, uh, let’s not get our hopes up.
The Djinn gestures to Dean.
And kill me when I’m sleeping
Just come back, okay?
“How-”
Cas just continues to stare at him in shock. “Dean- wha- really?”
I-it was the bad man.
Sam, Eileen, and Jack walk over to stand behind Dean. Amara smiles sadly, she’s not surprised at this outcome. She looks up and around at the barn and the sigils painted - flaking - all over it.
Father.
The room is then plagued by an awkward silence. None of them really know how to act around each other, or what questions to ask. Small talk, or the big things? Dean himself is having an aneurysm trying to decide whether to apologize on behalf of Jack for him killing Mary, and looking at Cas he seems like he’s in the same situation. But whatever. They’re together, a perfect loving family.
(breathless, delirious)
“What-”
“But listen, Dad, I don’t give a fuck what you say anymore.”
VALERIA (CONT’D)
I’ve got to hand it to you
CASTIEL
Dean glanced around in alarm; the Empty was nothing like he pictured. Well, it was exactly what you'd think from the outside, with some key details missing. It was dark, black, sure, all that. But it was loud, yet quiet, yet- Dean did not have the damn poetry skills to describe it. Like a yelling in his head that navigates around his ears. Or a whisper filled with distain and managed anger.
MR BROWN
"Ew. Didn't need those details."
The door clicked open, and hushed murmurs were exchanged. It was Sam and Jack, no doubt. Dean didn’t care though. Cas was- he was- he- Cas-
Even if I didn’t really bring paradise to Earth?
How long have they been together, out of curiosity?
Sighing, Dean shucks off his T-shirt and turns the water on, ANGLE FROM outside the curtain, Dean’s silhouette. The shower spray echoing as we -
I was never a real good father figure to you, huh.
CASTIEL
Sam gives Dean his best “cut the bullshit” face. Dean relents and throws his hands up.
“Dean, I’m here, it’s okay.” Warm arms wrap around him, and who is he to refuse? Instinctively, he buries his nose into Cas’ neck and holds on weakly while Cas’ hands rub soothing circles on his back. When an undetermined amount of time passes, Dean sniffles, sobs tapering off.
CASTIEL
Dean plops down on the seat next to Glenn suddenly. Glenn jumps in his seat, causing his knees to bang against the table. A notebook and some pens to fall to the ground.
