"It might be less. The news director over there is not your biggest fan, Tony."
Steve glanced up at him.  “Or better locks,” he said.
Tony looked up.  “Good eye, Rogers,” he said, and the smile that bloomed on Steve's face was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.  He went to take his hand back, but Steve caught his wrist, holding him still.  He pulled the ring off, and put it on the counter.
Steve nodded, his hands closing on DJ’s head, covering his ears and smoothing his hair.  “Bad?”
Tony took a deep breath.  "Did you enjoy destroying your clock?" he asked DJ.  DJ nodded, both hands cradling the toast now.  Tony smiled at him.  "Good.  I think I'm going to need your help for a slightly larger project this morning."
“There wouldn't need to be a cleanup if your people hadn't gotten involved,” Gyrich said.  “You destroyed government property, and interfered with a sanctioned operation.”
“Vile temptress,” Pepper said, lowering herself into a chair and crossing her legs neatly in front of her.  She took the cup from Natasha.  “Stark.  We have a meeting in ten minutes.”
Tony lunged forward, his feet slipping on the carpet, momentum carrying him forward.  His shoulder hit the surface of his desk at the exact moment that Jarvis’ hand flicked up, tossing the coffee directly in Obie’s face.  Obie screamed, rocking backwards, the gun pulling up towards the ceiling as it went off.
“I’ll…  See you around,” he managed at last, and before Tony could say anything else, Steve pushed past Bucky and out the shop door.  Outside, Sam was waiting for them, Nomad’s reins in his hand.
“It depends.  Would you like to be a social climbing man dating above his station or an uppity career woman?” Jan asked him.  “Or a cat?”
DJ peered at Steve's book, and Steve tipped it so he could see.  “You can read with me,” he offered, “but my book's not a good one.”
“I think so.”  Steve’s hand flexed on his reins, and Nomad danced under him, disliking the pressure on his mouth.  Steve made an effort to relax.  “But we need to wait for the others, in any case.”  He looked at Okoye.  “I don’t want us getting separated.”
“I’d argue, but I’m guessing I’d also lose,” Steve said, smiling back at her.
She turned it over, her fingers cradling the barrel and the grip.  “Army issue,” she said.  She set it gently back on the counter, sliding it across to him.  “That, I had expected.  But I thought it might be military surplus, rather than an actual sidearm that had made it through the war.”
“He’s hugging a broom, Tony,” Pepper said, her voice gentle.  “He’s…  Clinging to a broom like that will keep him afloat as the ship sinks around him.”
“It’s a highly horrible website,” Tony shot back, vanilla and chocolate mixing with the smell of his skin.  With one hand, he hit a few keys.  “Okay, I think they’re asking how many guests?”
The thought sustained him, and he was humming to himself as he wrestled the front door open.  Snow swirled around the damp cuffs of his pants, dusting the polished marble.  The wind kicked up, and he slammed the door behind him, trying to trap whatever warmth the house had left.
Rhodey sighed.  “Tony, are you hiding in the bathroom?”
“Anytime, kiddo.”  He leaned back, studying the house.  “I’ll wait until you get inside, okay?”
“Yeah, but you’re smiling.”  Tony leaned over to pick up a discarded napkin, tucking it into the nearby trash can.  “So it’s worth it.”  He looked up.  “Came creeping up to the curb tonight.  Wasn’t expecting you back until tomorrow.”
Tony smiled at him.  “Quite sure.”
“Merry Christmas, sir.”
“Leaving one,” Jesse agreed.  “The biggest.  The fanciest.  And, by chance, the closest to the center of town.  The one that informed me their suite was currently booked, and they couldn't promise me it would be available tomorrow, either.”
“Tone?”
Carol took it, and fired it at the mirror behind the bar like a speedball.  The mirror shattered with a monumental crash, and Tony ducked, his hands coming up in an instinctive gesture.  “Are you out of your mind?” he managed.
“Because Stark is an idiot, and he’s publicly an idiot, and I have a Google alert set up so I know about it before you,” Bucky said.  He sounded gleeful.  “Purely so I can start conversations like this.”
“And he can juggle, can we stop it with the Parent Trap nonsense now?” Tony snapped at both of them.  “And which one of you belongs here?”
Her face melted into a sweet smile.  “You're forgiven.”  She patted him lightly on the chest.  “Just don't do it again.”
"God DAMN it, Romanov!" Tony roared after her.  "Don't you-"
Steve gave him a look.  “Are…  Are you humoring me right now?”
"Pick up pens before you come in."
Tony blinked hard, ignoring the way his chest ached with every breath.  “I don’t see how.”
The watch in his hand was very familiar.  Steve’s hand shot to his pocket, but even before his fingers closed on the cloth, he knew it was empty.
“This level of disrespect is stunning, you know that, don’t you?” Tony asked, but eating wasn’t an effort any more.  “I ought to fire you.”
Miss Potts smiled at him.  "I think we all are," she said.  She stepped onto the stairs.  "Come on, it's warm down in the kitchen, and Clint always leaves a pot on."
“Houdini knew something we didn’t know,” Harris blurted out, and she went still.
“Steven, I'm going to remind you that this is your problem, I'm going to have to insist you take care of it,” Jan said, and Tony leaned into her hands.  She braced her feet, struggling to keep him upright as he let the full brunt of his weight fall on her.  “Toooooooony, stop it!”
“I’ll stop her,” Steve said, and then immediately amended that to, “I’ll TRY to stop her, it depends on how much she’s actually committed to the idea.”
Steve wrapped his jacket around Tony’s shoulders.  “And you should’ve had your coat on in the car,” he said, coaxing Tony back into his arms.
“And throwing knives at anyone who didn’t move out of the way fast enough,” Bruce mumbled into his pastry.
He wasn't sure how long he'd been sitting there, letting his mind wander, when his phone started to play “Star Spangled Man.”  Grinning, he reached for it.  “Ciao, el capitan.”
Steve grinned at him.  “I don’t want any cheese, Tony.  You can-” He shook his head.  “Eat it all.”
“Knowing Thor, they’ll be on the roof in twenty minutes,” Jan said.  She closed the file and offered it to Pepper.  “Want a closer look?”
“Steve…” Tony said.  “He can’t do this.”
Strange nodded.  “I…  Yes.”  He looked at DJ.  “You know I’ll get you home.”  He took a deep breath.  “I just need to do some research.  Find out why-”  He waved a hand through the portal, and it swirled around his fingers like a deep, dark pool of water.  “Why only you cannot pass.”
DJ lunged forward, his arms going around Steve’s waist in a death grip.  Caught off guard, Steve steadied him, his free hand going to DJ’s head.  “Hey,” he whispered, ignoring the way the simple word broke.  “Deej.  It’s okay.  It’s going to be okay, Deej, I promise, it’s going to be fine.”  He stroked DJ’s hair back from his face.  “I can get your dad.”
“Yeah, but you like fixing things, and I find it tedious and boring,” Tony told him.  He pointed at the War Machine armor.  “Show me up.”
“It doesn’t agree with me, either, but that’s never stopped me.  About anything,” he said with a wry twist to his lips.  He filled his cup with a practiced move before setting the pot back on the machine.  “What did I help you un-puzzle?”
He paused at the door.  “Deej?  Jarvis said you had-”
Rogers leaned in.  "Pure Irish cheek," he said, with a broad, almost comical brogue.  "What's it t' ya, pally?"
The hallway that stretched in front of him was unlike anything he’d ever seen, the walls made of unbroken, polished metal.  At first glance, it seemed utilitarian, almost featureless, but as he ran his fingers along the walls, he could feel flourishes, smooth and flowing, across the surface.  Recessed alcoves glowed above his head, the light as warm as sunlight on his skin.
The engine roared.  “Is he in?” she snapped.
Tony slid onto the bike behind him, settling down onto the seat before pulling the helmet on.  He snapped it into place, his fingers steady on the strap.  Steve looked over his shoulder, his profile sharp against the setting sun.  “Ready?” he asked.
DJ shifted in his seat.  “DJ.  DJ Stark-Rogers,” he said.
Bucky looked back at Shuri.  “He was covered in mud and straw and was trying to prop the whole mess up using his own shoulder, trying and failing,” Shuri said.  She grinned at Steve.  “Broad shoulders.  Not broad enough.”
“Forgive me for waking you.  There is no emergency, however, I require your assistance,” Jarvis said.
The kiss was soft and sweet and over too soon, and Steve sat up again.  Tony breathed against his lips, water dripping from his nose, from his hair.  “Have I mentioned,” he whispered, the words soft against Steve’s skin, “that I have a pool?”
“Keep an eye on them,” he said, waving a hand towards the two unconscious men.  “The police’ll be here soon to pick them up.”
“Fine,” Jan said, her hands on her hips.  “Clint, you get to-”
"Hey."  Tony leaned forward, the chair rocking on its wheels.  "You know the rules.  You know how this works.  He's not allowed to keep secrets if you are in pain or frightened.  He can't do it.  You agreed to that." He leaned in, his eyebrows arching.  "Right?"
“But Pepper got a plant,” Tony said, and Steve was laughing against his shoulder, his breath hot through Tony's shirt.  “Pepper absolutely got-”
Until Tony forgot how badly this was going to end.
“I can't believe you gave Pepper my plant.”  The picture was a deliberate taunt.  The caption was worse.  'I think this was supposed to be for you,' Pepper's text read.  'Steve threw it at me.'
“Cool.  Own it.” He reached for the remote.  “Jarvis, can you keep a small amount of forbidden media a secret?”
DJ started humming “Star Spangled Man With a Plan” and Tony choked on a laugh.  DJ’s parents, for their part, went still, and slowly, slowly pulled apart.
“It’s ‘I’m bored and you’re asking for something off the menu, so you have to humor me,’” Trip told him with a baleful look.  To his credit, he smiled.
She shrugged and shoved about another half pound of eggs, potatoes and salsa into her mouth.  “Marhash sheashe,” she managed.
Strange looked at him.  “Can’t…  What?” he asked, in a tone that made it clear that he wasn’t interested in continuing the conversation.
The boy doffed his cap in a theatrical gesture.  “Anytime, mister.”
She patted him on the knee.  “You’re just fine, Steve.”  Her head tipped back.  “We all here?”  A chorus of affirmative answers echoed around the room, and she waved a hand in the air.  “Roll it, Jarvis!”
Tony gave his head a quick shake.  “I didn’t…  What?” he asked, and there was a strange note to his voice.
“Looks good,” the teenager said.  He reached out, grabbing Steve's hand and shaking it firmly.  “Glad you came.  Thank you!”  The woman nudged him, whispering something to him, and he nodded.  “Enjoy the photo ops!  We have Instagram filter!”
Laughing, Steve stepped back.  “In the unlikely event that I ever need something that is worth your time and effort, I will definitely let you know.”
Clint reached up, triggering his communit.  “Oh, are you done yelling at me?”
“I'll loop you in on the text alerts Sue Storm and I have going,” Jan said cheerfully.  “You can help us with the playdates!”
“I mean, I changed my mind, and changed it back again,” Clint said.  “A couple of times.  We’re avoiding casinos, right?”
“Does he remember anything?” Natasha asked, and Tony was grateful to her for asking the question he couldn’t manage.
Tony grinned.  “I’m not boring you?” He shifted his weight, his knees braced on the couch on either side of Steve’s hips, and Steve arched up, catching his mouth for another kiss.  It was hot and long and deep, and Steve’s hands slid up Tony’s back, cradling the back of his neck.
Shaking his head, Steve nudged Nomad forward, falling in behind him.  Sam was right beside him.  “Watch giving you trouble?” he asked.
“I was doing fine on my own,” Steve told him, and Bucky made a very rude noise under his breath. Steve gave him a look.  “Didn’t ask you for help.”
Tony nodded.  “Fuck no.”
He’d figure it out.
“We’ve got a hut, and half a dozen guards and a couple of dozen goats,” she said.  “And their job, their duty, was to keep him alive and that was it.  Make sure he doesn’t starve or die of dehydration, make sure that when the ‘traders’ came by, that he would be grateful to go along with them.”
“Aren't you supposed to be doing science?” Tony asked Bruce.  “I seem to recall some science on the schedule.”
Tony wondered how he managed to pack so much judgment into so few words.  “I didn't design the house,” he said, the words tart.  “And no one said my father had good taste.”  He headed down the stairs, taking them two at a time, and Rogers kept up with him, his long legs eating up the distance.  “He made it for my mother, and it was her favorite spot in the house.”
“It does tend to give Jarvis a complex,” Sam agreed, squinting up at the sky.
“Seriously.  I’ve been there.  I’ve learned about menu items from a Super Bowl commercial.  I’ve had some asshole in marketing decide that 2.5 million dollars in signage had to be discarded because ‘cheese stuffed’ didn’t play as well to focus groups as ‘mozzarella morsels.’  I’ve cooked some hellish stuff because the home office said that everyone was ‘doing’ kale despite the fact that, you know, fuck, no one wants ‘Krispy Kale Pizza.’”
Jarvis was silent for a moment. “I suspect you already have one, but I don’t blame you if you don’t see it the same way.”  He crossed the room, collecting the tin from the bedside table.  “I also suspected we wouldn’t be able to convince you to stay for dinner, so I brought you this.”  He held the tin out to Steve.  “It’s my mother’s recipe for gingerbread.  She made it at Christmas, and, well, that was it.” He smiled.  “Having reached my advanced age, I find I’m far more liberal with it.”
He was afraid to turn around, because he one hundred percent would’ve fallen on his face.  “How’s the front of house, Pepper?”
"No," Jan said.
“Do not lose track of her.”
“Just write something up and put my signature on it, God, it’s like I have to do everything around here.”  Tony dug through the noodles with his fork, chasing a chunk of sausage.  “Jarvis?”  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Jarvis pause, looking in his direction.  Tony kept his head down.  “Thank you.”
Steve struggled against a smile.  “My apologies, your Highness.”  She made a face at him, and he lost the fight.  “Is being the crown princess such a struggle?”
It took him a second to place the name. "The woman who WROTE THE STORY?"
Clint hefted the laundry basket up onto the table.  “Ah,” he said.  “You didn’t budget for Christmas?”
“I absolutely did not, that was Banner and Brand and Barton and I was not involved,” Tony said.  He held up three fingers.  “The Bastard Band of Bs.”
Rhodey nodded.  “Did any of the hired men have a key?”
“I’m aware.”  Tony’s head tipped up, his mouth nuzzling at the side of Steve’s neck.  “But the bots are in diagnostic for the rest of the day, Dummy included, the terror triplets are at SHIELD, overthrowing something or someone just to keep their skills sharp, Bruce is at a holiday party down at Empire University and Thor’s fanclub’s in Asgard until Christmas eve.”
"Will you hear me out, I think-"
Her head tipped to the side.  "That card says he did."  She nodded.  "If you need a bite, there's a couple of gift cards in there, too, one for a burger place and one for the grocery store a few blocks up."  She turned, as if she was going to head back in, then paused, one heel scuffing against the sidewalk.  "Get something to eat."
“I think that's my line.  After all,” Steve said, “I'm always up this early.  You're the one usually heading to bed around now.”  Steve juggled the massive cone of brown paper, pulling a bouquet of roses in a variety of pink shades from the depths  He offered it to Pepper with a bright grin. “Good morning, Ms. Potts.”
“Patience,” Steve said, ignoring the scoffing sound Sam made.  Pulling the paper free, he set it aside, and opened the box.  Inside was a Prussian blue sweater, and Steve reached out, running careful fingers over the intricate cording of the wool.  He looked up to find Sam smiling at him over the rim of his coffee cup.
“Oh, God,” Tony said.  “Eight.  I said-  I said EIGHT.”
“Thank you for not stabbing him,” Tony said to Natasha.
“It’s a reputable bakery, Tony,” she said, the words tight.
Rhodey nodded, and offered Jan his elbow.  “I think we can suffer through without you.”
“Could I?”  Jarvis set the plate on the tray, giving Tony’s coffee cup a speaking look.  Tony picked it up, draining the last dregs before he handed it over.  Jarvis took it with a smile.  “Thank you, sir.”
Clint glared up at him.  “Oh, you guys decided to show up?” he asked.  “Finally?”
He glanced up just in time to see DJ's face twist into an expression of frustration.  "Jarvis, you rat," he mumbled into his folded arms.
Everyone went silent.  Including the cashier.  “What?” Harris asked her.
“Because I haven't receive an invitation,” Tony said, and it came out sharp and hard, sharper and harder than he'd intended, and Pepper fell silent.  Tony managed a tight smile.  “I haven't been asked.  All right?”  He picked up a tray at random.  “Now, if you're done, I need to get these into the deep freeze before I start losing my work, so, thanks, good talk.”
Tony let himself be steered towards the bathroom.  “You're big.”
“Good to know,” Tony said.  “I-”  He stabbed a finger in Phil's direction.  “Out.  Out of my house.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said.  “I'm stealing your chutney.”
"No, it's fine."  Steve settled his cap in his lap, his hands resting on the brim.  "I've got a hard head, and a uniform hat that'll cover the lump."
Shuri let out a theatrical groan.  “If you follow me, I will stab you.”
“Because my ma raised me right,” Steve said, bouncing his sketchpad against his thigh.  “Can I hide down here for a bit?”
“I appreciate it,” Clint said, as Darcy let go of his wrist.  He moved his arm, and the piece of armor stayed in place.  “Good enough.”
Then it sank in; something was badly wrong.  This wasn’t a child throwing a tantrum.  This was a child in pain.
"Keeping you from creating a second international incident today," Steve whispered back.
Steve paused, his eyes scanning the top of the wall.  “Mostly.”
“Bite your tongue,” Tony said, and Steve laughed.  “C’mon.  Upstairs.  Bed.”
Natasha took them from her.  “For the last time, Jess, save it for when you need leverage.”
The single, shouted word boomed through the house, and Steve moved without thinking, lunging for his holster.  "DJ, stay here, stay still, Jarvis, stay with him, I'll find out-"
Steve shifted next to him, and Tony flopped onto his stomach, trying to block out the light.  He heard Steve chuckle, and considered flipping him off.  But raising his arm just seemed like too much work, so he wrapped his arms around his pillow, snuggling down into the depths of his pillow
Steve stared at her.  “Right,” he said.  Right.  Of course Tony had been in love with Rhodey.  They'd always been close, as long as Steve had known Tony, Rhodey and Pepper were the two people he trusted, the two who were always there, the two that knew everything, the two that protected Tony with a fierceness he'd always admired.
“The fact that you made no move to marry either of them made it vanishingly unlikely that you would marry any woman.”
In the cold silence that followed, he looked up, pinning Maguire in place with a look of open scorn.  “Of course, any gentleman would have his coat and hat taken at the door.”  He smiled, a slight, icy of his lips.  “I note you still have yours, sir.”
“Rhodey said he saw you bet half a million on a single spin of a roulette wheel.”
“He went straight into his office, barely a word to anyone, didn’t even seem to notice the mess you made of his door,” Billy said. He rubbed the back of his neck.  “And considering he’s spent hours screaming about a cracked window or some scraped paint, that was…  Worrying.  I did what you said, and sent the rest of the boys down to the church yard.  The Father wasn’t particularly pleased to see them, but he didn’t put up much of a fight.”  He gave Steve a look.  “Wouldn’t want to be in your shoes when it comes time to collect the lot of them, though.”
. The sad photo was still inside, of young Tony with a robot looking on as he blew out the candles on his cake.
Tony brightened, grinning. "I know."
Steve's shoulder catches her right in the stomach, and she goes down hard with the force of his momentum, gasping for breath as the air is knocked from her lungs.
Sternberg was working for Tony. Hydra wanted something Sternberg had. Surely Tony has no real connection to Hydra, or else they wouldn't have murdered Sternberg?
"I'm the new librarian," Steve said, his cheeks flushing warm in the winter air.
Steve felt they were far beyond feeling shy about him sitting on a bed with her, no matter what rules society suggested they should adhere to.
"Fuck," Tony said again, dropping his forehead onto his arm. "That's good, baby. So good."
"I'm not Captain America anymore," Steve says.
Tony basked under the heat lamp like a big lizard rather than trying to maneuver his limbs into operating a towel, and he was half-asleep and mostly dry by the time he finished brushing his teeth. The bed was an appealing heap of softness, and Tony let himself fall face first into the pillows, his body protesting only a little as it collided with the squashy mattress.
"So," Tony says. "Mind if I just call you 'Stark'? Kind of weird to think of you as Tony since, well, that's me."
Steve shakily has a seat on the couch and draws the vial from his pocket. He turns it over in his fingers again, but can't fathom what it is, or what it's for. Sternberg had said that Tony would know.
"I was actually born with a bad heart," Tony admits. "My father innovated this technology when I was a kid. The repulsor pump. It was ... primitive. I've improved it over the years with Jarvis' help."
"How did he know you were here?" Steve asked.
Steve felt guilty waking him, since Tony needed sleep just as much as he needed food, but as far as Steve was aware, even a body powered by an arc reactor couldn’t create energy without food. Steve set the tray he was carrying on the nightstand and sat on the edge of the bed, reaching out to tug Tony’s shirt back down.
Tony drags himself slowly and painfully to the top of the heap of stone, until daylight begins to show dimly through the gaps in his faceplate. He awkwardly wrenches off the helmet with his good hand, to avoid going into the situation totally blind, and finds himself surrounded by the three remaining Hydra soldiers, along with half a dozen more reinforcements. A quick glance behind him shows the covered walkway is entirely blocked from the other side by the fallen stone.
"In a proper bed, I mean," Steve corrected, leaning in for another kiss. "Maybe with the involvement of lube."
Steve paused, a line of consternation drawn between his eyebrows, but that hint of concern was gone almost as quickly as it had appeared, and he offered an easy smile. “Okay.”
Tony glances down, letting his eyes roam from the scuffed red toes of Steve's boots, up to the star on his chest. "I'm sorry I'll have to miss that."
"No, I appreciate the insight," Steve said, feeling a little guilty for his fake earnestness. "It's been nice to get to know people outside the job, before the first day of work."
Steve smiled faintly. “I crashed a plane into the Arctic. It was loaded down with a bomb headed to New York. I thought it would be a suicide mission ... then, against all odds, some seventy years later, Namor -” He pointed to the Atlantean in the photo, “- found me, preserved in ice. Said he was just going to bring me back for a burial, but I ... thawed out.”
There was an interesting amount of strategy involved in the game, where the first few levels were spent gathering parts and customizing your own Tiny Robot, along with a choose your own adventure storyline. You could send the Tiny Robot down a peaceful path of aiding humanity, or opt for the 'Kill All Humans' option, where the Tiny Robot's job was to develop offensive capabilities and eventually lead a rebellion against the human race. It was sort of deep, for a cell phone game. (Steve chose the evil path, getting a little amusement out of playing against type.)
"No," Steve said quietly, and this wasn't his lecture voice, it was ... something else. "Tony ..."
Steve was beginning to really dislike this guy, especially as Black Widow agreed, “I work alone.”
"I thought plain old Tony was only supposed to be worried about plain old Steve," Tony pointed out. "Though I
Steve coughed. "Yeah. How did you know?"
Tony's head feels like a close approximation to a split melon when he wakes up in the tiny infirmary aboard the dirigible.
Tony closes the door and locks it - with two deadbolts and a chain, Steve notes - before asking, "And what, exactly, is my style?"
"Okay, it's
“I couldn’t ever be embarrassed by my love of Iron Man,” Steve said. Somehow he managed to keep his expression solemn, despite the twinkle in his eyes. “In fact, you
"Easy," Tony says, while Steve moves to the opposite side of the table and places his hands on the other Tony's shoulders.
?" Tony demanded, outright plaintive now.
"I don't know," Tony says. "I should probably keep him down here under observation. What if he turns out to be from a universe where we're evil?"
"I feel amazing," Tony answered without hesitation. "Are you sure giving an amazing massage isn't your secret secondary superpower?"
Pepper hums an acknowledgment, but they've done this dance before. Steve's new assignment is
It was sweet. It was dangerous. There would be questions. Steve was offering him an out, and Tony knew, he
"Madame Hydra won't like this."
"Come on," Tony says. "Get up, let's get you out of that uniform."
Tony frowned. “How long have you known?”
Steve begins to answer, but Tony leans in before Steve can speak, and presses their lips together. It's weak of him, but Steve gives in, tightening his arms around Tony's waist and slowly returning the kiss.
Tony stopped, head thudding lightly back against the glass of the shower wall. He looked up at Steve, uncertainty in his expression. "Cap?"
, and he never thought he would want to share Steve with
"Natalie Rushman."
"What?"
It's awkward, at first, approaching this with more care than they had the night before. Steve kisses his way down Tony's neck, to reverently press his lips against the bubble over Tony's heart. In contrast to the warmth of the metal, the glass is cool to the touch, and Steve pauses for a moment, listening to the reassuring beat of Tony's heart. He's a little surprised to find Tony isn't wearing the cover any longer; Steve wonders if he needs to charge the pump more often, these days.
. I’m not going to apologize for that.”
"Just like old times," he says, laughing. It's a good sound.
Steve shifted, embarrassed again. "I told them I probably wasn't going to be very good at this ..."
He was, however, going to blame the endorphins on the fact that, when Steve straightened and looked down at the mess of their clothes, he offered up his shower and a suggestion:
"Yeah."
Steve turns to the rest of the room and does a quick but thorough sweep through, flipping through books and magazines, shaking newspapers. He's surprised, and could groan at the obviousness of it, when he finds an address jotted on a note pad beside the telephone. The handwriting is clearly Tony's, a local address with '10 a.m.' and the date of the day before, jotted next to it. The knowledge of an appointment takes some of the sting out of Tony having left Steve in bed the morning before, at least.
"The good news is, he's stable," Banner says. "The loss of consciousness was due to the repulsor pump, which we've managed to recharge back to full capacity."
“Nah.” Tony laughed quietly. “Captain America really is my hero.”
"Why wouldn't I be?" Steve wonders happily. "I'm here with you, there's no immediate crisis to worry about ..."
"Only a few, then," Steve joked.
"Assistant Principal Coulson seemed way too serious for that when I met him," Steve said, figuring it was safe to give away prior knowledge of his future boss. After all, Steve's false identity had to get hired somehow, right?
Somehow, this ended in Clint and Natasha having a knife-throwing contest that involved throwing potatoes into the air and impaling them on the opposite wall. The two spies became especially gleeful when Steve cautioned that Coulson was going to kill them for not getting the security deposit back on the house.
"Huh."
"Little over a year," Steve answered.
Steve takes a step back to put a respectable distance between them, and turns shyly away from Tony in order to greet his friend.
"It wasn't designed for war," Tony admits, stepping up to regard the armor alongside Steve. "Any more than I was. And when this whole damn mess is over, I hope I can go back to what I was meant to do."
Tony's eyes widen for a moment before he hastily swipes a hand under his nose. "Oh," he says. "It's nothing."
jaunty as she left the room.
Tony turned and frowned up at him. "No, what was
“Oh,” Steve gasped in surprise, when Tony broke away from the kiss and slid down to his knees on the kitchen floor. “Tony -”
"It might take me a few minutes to break the encryption," Tony admits.
Steve found his voice at last and admitted, “I was nervous you wouldn’t want to do that again, actually.”
- but there was something so genuinely curious, captivated, and downright awed in Steve’s gaze that Tony nodded.
"What? We can have a memento for later." Tony grinned back at Steve, grabbing a screwdriver (what? he always had one) from his pocket as he headed that way. "Now give me a boost."
"Stable," Peggy says. She sits down in the chair next to Steve, and sets her hand on his.
, and with my own name on it, at that!"
Steve closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and counts to ten. When he opens his eyes again, Tony has gotten back to his feet, the hood back in place.
"The last I heard of Stark," Namor says, his voice disinterested, "he was living at the Sovereign."
“Got it,” Tony grunted, metal clanging as a target glanced off the star at the center of the shield.
Steve blinked. "What?"
The water is warm, and finally soothes some of the aches and pains of travel from Steve's tired limbs. He sighs softly and tilts his head against the lip of the tub, content with Tony's head on his shoulder.
Tony peered at him for a moment, his expression searching. "Yeah, I guess you might. So ... I decided not to tell anyone where I was. I'd already gotten an ID with a fake name, so I tweaked the age a little. Fake diplomas weren't hard to come by, though obviously I went a little more low key than MIT-educated, speed-learning genius."
Steve looked at him.  Looked at Clint.  Clint tossed the bowl up and tipped forward, doing a swift, fluid flip, regaining his feet and straightening back up in the blink of an eye.  The bowl fell neatly back into his hand, the eggs barely rattling against the china.  Steve realized his mouth was hanging open.  “The circus,” he said at last.
Jarvis set the tea pot down, dusting off his hands.  “It is neither the pieces, nor the players that concern me,” he said, his voice quiet.  He turned in his seat.  “It is the rules.   Rules that bind our movements, our choices, and most importantly, the winning conditions.
“Excuse me?” May said, her voice echoing out of the pantry.  She leaned out of the pantry door, a bowl of eggs balanced on the palm of one hand.  She rolled an egg between the fingers of her other hand, holding it at shoulder height, an unspoken threat.  “What were you saying?”
Bobbi paused, her gloves gripped in one hand.  "Think I saw you come in," she said with a smile, bracing her fists on her hips.  "How long ago did Bruce leave to wash his hands?"
“Oh, this is gonna be rich,” Steve said, turning his attention back to his coffee now that they were on familiar ground.  It wasn’t good coffee.  But he’d spent a couple of sleepless hours tossing and turning in the too large, too empty hotel bed, leaving him frustrated and exhausted enough to risk the Keurig coffee maker on the desk.
“Right, but-”  Pepper tapped him on the nose with the pen, and he stopped dead.  Across the room, Jan stifled a giggle, and he glared at her.  “Do not encourage her.”
Steve ducked under a branch, pushing it out of her way.  “But you’re not anymore,” he asked, not quite a question.
Steve nodded.  “I will, just-”  He looked at the back door.  “Just going to do a quick walk around the grounds.  I thought...”  He stopped.  “I thought I saw something moving out by the greenhouse.”
She stopped, took a breath.  “My sister's child is currently living with me," she said, her head tipping in Steve's direction.  Her brown eyes were sharp, but her face was smooth, calm.  "Marish is gender fluid.  Their parents have..."  She paused, her eyes narrowing.  "Have difficulty dealing with that, sometimes.  Mostly because they're very afraid that Marish's life will be more difficult, if they are so open as to who they are.
Rhodey unrolled the top of the bag.  “Right.”  His eyebrows arched.  “Are these croissants?”
Tony pointed a finger at Harris.  “I am starting to see the appeal of keeping you around.”
O'Brien pushed himself to his feet, his hands braced on his desk, his broad shoulders squared, his head down like a bull ready to charge.  "No," he said, and it was quiet and firm.  "No.  You won't be talkin' to him.  No.  You won't be investigatin' this.  No.  You're gonna put that file right back where you found it, and you're going to walk yourself back out to your assigned beat, and you're not going to say a damn word about it."
Jarvis held out a hand to DJ.  “Will you come help me set the table for dinner?” he asked, his voice gentle.  “I would appreciate the company.”
Steve struggled to keep a straight face.  "I did," he said, his voice grave.  And because Stark was still staring at him, his expression incredulous, Steve added,  "Before the war."
Steve stepped in, his hand sliding across Tony’s shoulder and up to cradle the nape of his neck with gentle fingers.  Ignoring the glass, he leaned in, and Tony met him halfway, his head tipping up into the kiss.  His lips tasted like wine, rich and intoxicating, and Steve groaned into his mouth.
“If I’m going to be inconvenienced, I at least think you should have to pay for it,” Tony said, and Steve looked down at his keyboard to hide his smile.
"Oh, you're sure of that?" Bobbi grinned at her.  "Save me some pancakes, I'll go pry him loose from his beakers.”  She snagged a piece of toast from the platter on her way to the stairs, her hips swaying with every step.  “Morning, Mr. Stark.”
“You’re friends with Tony Stark,” Shawn said.
Tony was already shaking his head.  "No, he's-" His fingers rattled against the metal side of the smoothie cup, a smooth run up and down as he flexed each digit.  "He's staying here with us, for now."  The cup was set down with a very final sounding click.  "He doesn't leave the tower.  We can barely get him to leave the workshop, some days.  This is all he's known for a long time, and he has-"
Steve held the carton of spring rolls out to him.  “Tell me what happened in the meeting,” he said.
“Also booze,”  Jess said.  “Just saying.  It makes things easier.”
Tony paused, dusting flour from his hands, and realized that Peter was staring at him, his face hopeful.  “What?” he asked.  “Why are you asking me?  I’m not making it.”
Clint's eyes snapped open, his arm already reaching for his weapon before the soft, even sound of Jarvis' voice fully sank in.  “Jay?” he asked, his fingers closing on the grip of his bow.
Gently, every so gently, Tony pulled his arm free of Steve’s grip, and it took everything Steve had not to grab him again.  “I am not about to become a prisoner in my own home, not even for you,” Tony said.  His lips twitched up, in a mockery of a smile.  “You’re not suited to be a jailer, Steve.”
Best of all, between the bookcases was a huge, hinged castle, propped open now to show the rooms inside.  Each room was filled with small toys, carved figures of a king and queen, a little prince, servants and knights and guards.  There were horses and sheep, toy cows and dogs, tiny cats and ducks and chickens.
He was close, he was much too close, and Steve's face felt like it was on fire.  Because Stark's hands were sliding over his shoulders, down the length of his arms.  The touch was quick, efficient, impersonal.  There was nothing lingering about it, nothing sexual.  Jarvis had done almost the same thing, had been just as close.  But this was different.  This was absolutely different, because when Stark reached up, adjusting his collar, Steve could smell his cologne.
Tony winced.  Everything hurt, and he resented it.  “No,” he slurred.  “No, he’s not.”
DJ watched her gather herself, his chest tight.  “Did she tell Dad?”
“He, uh, he has a suit of armor,” Harris said, and Tony slammed on the brakes, hard enough to throw DJ forward against his seatbelt.
She swatted him again.  "Bad dad," she said, and the look he gave her was so incensed that it was hard to keep from laughing.  She folded her arms over her chest, idly swinging the magazine against her shoulder.  “He needs other children, Tony.”
And Steve was happy now, but sooner or later, he was going to find someone, someone he wanted, someone he loved, and Tony was too old to just sit back and enjoy the ride.  He knew too much about the crash landing waiting for him to just live in the day, live in the moment.
“Right,” Steve said. He looked at Tony. “I'll wait until Pepper and Rhodey are back, then I'll go find him.”
Steve settled back into his seat, his stomach churning.  “They don’t come inside the house,” he said, his voice quiet.
“Of course I didn’t tell her I was dying,” Tony yelled back.  “My first words to her were ‘I’m not dying,’ but-”
“Could I stop you?” Tony asked.  His head hurt and every time he shifted in his seat, his stomach rolled over.  He probably didn’t need any more coffee.  He took another sip anyway, and focused on keeping his voice steady. “Short of a gun to the head?”
If Coulson had a reply to that, Steve didn't hear it.  He sucked in a breath, the tang of chlorine stinging the back of his throat.  Get dressed.  Get dressed.  Why would Stark be getting dressed, the house was warm enough for him to wander about in nothing but that robe, and it clearly wasn't shame that drove him to find a pair of pants.  So what-
“This as fast as this thing can go?” he said, and his voice sounded husky and raw, even to his own ears.  He grinned, heat rushing through him.  “Impress me, Rogers.”
“If I did, would I be asking you?”
Tony considered that, his eyes narrowing.  “Exactly?”  He gave the wrench a toss, letting it spin end over end before he caught it and slid it into his pocket.
“Three,” Bruce corrected.  Tony stared at him, not quite able to make sense of that.  “We have three seatings left, Tony, do you even know what time it is?”
“Of course you don’t,” Tony said.  He reached for his pen, and his paperwork, and Steve wanted to scream at him.  “Here I thought you were concerned for my wellbeing.  My mistake.”
Steve exhaled.  “So you’re going to look for him.”
“I know,” Sue said, smiling to take the sting out of the words, “that's why I stop paying attention, Tony, it takes you a while to get around to your point.”
“Mi casa es su casa,” Tony said.  He collected Bruce’s notes before they could end up covered in glitter or sugar.  He flipped through the stack, trying to put them into something approaching an order.
Tony stared, unseeing, in the general direction of the windows. “This morning, there were sunflowers on my kitchen table,” he said, his voice quiet. “Damaged sunflowers, half of their leaves gone and with crooked stems. I bet he fished them out of the trash and then insisted on paying for them, just because he couldn't bear to see them end up that way.
The bed dipped as she took a seat next to him.   Darcy rubbed a hand down his back. “In my defense-” she started.
“At this point, it’s a tossup what’ll break first,” Steve said, crouching down next to the fire, “the chimney or your foot.”  Bucky aimed another kick at at loose stone and Steve fended him off.  “I mean, unless you’re determined to tip the odds.”
“Excuse me,” Tony said, as the rest of the team filed into the room.  “Doom takes style tips from ME.”
“Probably,” he admitted.  He paused, looking down at DJ.  “You be okay for a minute?”
Natasha nodded.  “Now, isn't that interesting.”
Tony stared after her, turning that over in his head.  “Right,” he said, trying to take a sip from his still-empty coffee cup.  He stared down it.  “Right.  We're going to think about that later.  Much later.”
Danvers rested an elbow on the rung of the ladder, her chin on her fist.  “How nice,” she said, sounding amused.  Sam, already moving the chairs out into the garden, shook his head.
“I'll watch the truck,” Peter said.
Laughing, Steve pushed himself upright.  “Luckily,” he said, grabbing the hem of Tony's shirt, “I'm a pro at getting you naked.  Arms up.”
"Officer, I'm shocked." The boy did a quick sidestep around Steve, his feet flying across the carpet in a wild sort of softshoe. "Shocked, I say. You're-"
“There,” he said, straightening up.  “That’ll do, until we can find you a comb.”
“Excuse me, we’ve barely defiled half the rooms of this house,” Tony said, refusing to sit up.
“Another-” Tony stopped.  “Wait, you put me in the shower?” he asked Peter.  “You saw me naked?”
“I’ll pay for it.”
"It was very nice to meet you," Rogers said, his eyebrows tipping up, just a bit. Just enough to make him look quizzical. Or worried. "I don't want to keep you from your work any longer, though." He stood, holding out one broad palm, and Al took it, a pleased smile slipping across his features.
“Thank you!” Bucky yelled.
“This one sucked,” Nebula said.
"See, he's very literal," Tony said, amused.  "He's very bad at passive aggressive attempts at speaking in veiled concepts, for some reason, he insists on talking about the thing we're talking about."
He paused on the other side of Bruce’s station.  “Bruce.  Go home.”
Jarvis paused, his face unreadable.  “Sir’s father was…  Not an easy man to please,” he said at last.  “He was mercurial.  Sharp tongued.  Self-involved and self-sufficient.  Capable of both grand gestures and casual, off-hand cruelty.  He was a difficult employer.” He met Steve’s eyes.  “And I had no interest in earning his affection.
Greer was wearing a green dress that reminded Steve a little of a toga.  The gauzy, layered fabric was clasped at her shoulders and flowed into a curved neckline that dipped low over her cleavage.  The skirt swirled around her thighs with each step, the fabric curling against her legs like sea foam.  Her hair had been styled into large, soft curls and piled up in a crown of holly.  She was carrying a bouquet of big, bright golden daisies, the petals tipped in red.
Fury nodded, but his dark eye was sharp.  “Okay,” he said.  “Now, you ended up here, and we’re happy to find a safe, comfortable place for you to rest and wait, but you can also go back to the Tower.”  His head tipped forward, his eye narrowing.  “Last time you were here, you seemed comfortable there.”
Peter nodded.  “Okay.”
It looked like cleanup was underway, but there were still remnants of the previous night's celebration.  He folded his arms on the railing, smiling down at the city.  It was stupid, it was so stupid, but he felt lighter than he had in a long time.  Happier.
“Excellent, that’s a great soundbite, we can put that in my Smithsonian exhibit,” Steve agreed.  Jarvis opened the elevator for them, and Steve slipped in.  “I love you.”
Tony sighed.  “Maybe a little.”
Tony looked at Peter.  Peter shook his head.  “I can’t….  I think I’ll throw up if you make me answer the phone, chef,” he said.
“Thief,” Steve said.
Clint flicked a salute in his direction, and Carol nodded.  “Bruce would probably appreciate it if you took over the Tony-sitting duty, honestly,” she said, running one hand over her head.  Her hair sprang right back into place.
"Can it?" DJ asked.  His eyes were gigantic.  "Stay?"
“So, that's all I have to do?” Tony asked, his fingers relaxing, his hands going flat against Steve's chest.  “Dare you?  Tell you that you can't do something, and you've got to prove me wrong?”
Clea looked at Steve.  He shrugged.  “Well,” she said.  “That was monumentally stupid.”
“Cut the squares, and pieced it together.  Agent Collins sewed it,” DJ said.  “She brought her serger.  It is awesome.”
Peter put another few slices of toast on the platter, feeding a few more slices of bread into the oven.  “I can-”
"But you need-"
“No, no you can’t,” Harris said, holding the lobby door for them.  Darcy made kissy noises at him as they passed, and he sighed.  “Fine.  DJ can throw petals at me.”
“You-" Jan stabbed a finger in her direction.  "Never heard any of this.  Got it?"
Carol cracked her knuckles.  “Nope, looking forward to going judo on your ass.  We’re just going to talk about how Greer can woo a gentleman of her choosing at the same time.  Multitasking.” She opened a locker, tossing her towel in.  “Greer, Steve, you want in on some combat training?”
Steve nodded.  "This movie's a little bit gay," he said.
“It's okay if DJ only loves me for my borrowed cat,” Steve said, laughing.  “I understand.”
“Yes, but there's no reason for it to be a waste.” Steve slashed his pencil through the air. “It's pointless. You've already paid for the seats. You've already spent the money. Why not use that, and make people other than DJ happy?”
“The Yankees,” Carol said, leaning back in her chair.
“We agreed,” Tony said, his voice breezy, “that what’s good for the copper’s good for the tycoon.  You left it out, I get to satisfy my…”  His smile stretched into a wicked grin, and Steve lost his breath.  “Curiosity.”
Tony turned his head, pressing his lips against the hollow of Steve’s palm.  “I do,” he whispered, the words dropped like a kiss against Steve’s skin, and Steve felt a tear roll down his cheek.  Tony looked up at him, and he was grinning, his whole face lit with the warmth of it.  “I do.”
“No,” Tony said, catching Jan’s hands and squeezing them as he took a step back.  “Don’t mind her.  She already has a fiance.  What she doesn’t have, much to our dismay, is any sense of boundaries.”
Tony was too restless to sleep in the hours before they would enact their plan, so Steve held him close and fucked him slowly, until they were both worn out and slipped into an exhausted, sated sleep.
“An illusion, a tear in the fabric of space and time, maybe just me going crazy from Hyperion hitting my head too hard,” Tony said. He sagged back against the couch and scrubbed his free hand over his face.
For now, Steve needed food and a shower, and probably in that order. He lurched to his feet and followed the sounds coming from the kitchen, where someone else had clearly had the same idea. Steve was a little surprised to find Tony there, out of the armor and already showered and in a fresh t-shirt and jeans. Tony looked up from his place at the stove when Steve walked in, and offered an easy, tired smile.
Tony, his curiosity piqued, got out of bed and followed him … at a distance. If Steve knew he was being stalked, he didn’t let on, as he took a service elevator out of Avengers Tower, emerged onto the street, and proceeded to walk several blocks.
"Are you sure it doesn't look stupid?" Steve wondered, as he checked his new haircut and glasses in the mirror for the third or fourth time.
"You had me so worried!" Steve says, resisting the urge to shake Tony for all he's worth.
Steve sweeps the whole mess onto the floor to be safe, and tries not to feel the remorse as he watches a dead man's work shatter into pieces.
Tony’s fingers were cool and slick when the first one worked inside Steve. He moaned quietly as he was stretched, biting his lower lip to keep from being too loud in the stillness of the early morning. It was not often that he and Tony did things this way, although Steve loved it when they did; there was something about the way Tony opened him up, fingers skilled and careful.
Tony rolled his eyes, but he did get motivated enough to wriggle under the sheets once Steve got out of bed and went to the bathroom to wash up.
"Ah." Tony takes back his drink, with the distinct air of a man who wishes it were something stronger. "I see."
"Now, Steve -"
Steve shrugs. "I'm having fun, whether I get to touch you or not."
Steve looked confused. "Cap ... jam ...?"
. He had been looking forward to his date with Peggy Carter, but since waking up in the twenty-first century to find that Peggy was an old woman who had lived her own life while Steve slept under the ice, Steve hadn't felt much motivation to date. Natasha had tried a few times to encourage him, and even Agent Barton had made the occasional remark about some girl - or guy - in one department or another shooting Steve
"Why don't you let me make you breakfast?" Steve suggested. "How does bacon and eggs sound?"
"Tony -" Steve gasped, but he didn’t seem inclined to say they should
Steve pulls his arm from beneath Tony and raises the covers, waiting until Tony has situated himself beneath them to roll over and press himself right against Tony's back. Steve winds his arm around Tony's waist, and nuzzles at the back of Tony's neck. It feels fantastic.
," she insisted.
"Ordinarily," Steve says, a hiccup escaping his lips, "I'd be
Tony allowed Steve to steer him to the table, and into a chair. Steve pressed a kiss to Tony's temple, then turned to the refrigerator.
Natasha looked up from her coffee, eyebrow raised.
Coulson gathered up his things and began to exit the conference room along with everyone else, but Agent Barton had lingered outside and waited for him, and now fell into step with Coulson down the hallway to his office.
"Which way?" Steve demands.
"The kitchen is stocked," Natasha said. "And at least we know Stane isn't likely to be making much of a move in the area in this. He probably thinks his hired thug is bogged down by the snow and ice."
"Yeah," Steve said. Then added, a bit awkwardly, "Thanks."
,” Steve choked out.
good at relaxing.”
The Captain -
It made Tony feel a little better that at least Steve seemed similarly affected, and that it wasn’t long before they were both at their limit. Tony came first - Steve was considerate like that - and Steve thoughtfully drew back to sit at the workbench afterward, tugging Tony down to sit on his lap, all without pulling out. Tony would have been impressed if he wasn’t still riding the high of orgasm, vaguely aware of Steve still fucking into him for a few more moments before Steve joined him in climax, crying out and holding Tony close with a fierceness that belied their actual, surface attachment level.
, Steve. One where I was ... I don’t know what, or who, I was. But I wasn’t — this.”
Steve looks right back, the picture of innocence. "Yes, Tony?"
"If we're going to do this, we're going to do it right." Natasha squared her shoulders and turned to look at Clint. "Come on, we're going shopping."
Steve is quiet as he regards it, but after a few seconds he says, "Can I ask what happened?"
“I missed you, too,” Steve said, and he followed the words with a kiss that had a little something bittersweet to it, or maybe he was just imagining that part of things, tired and addled as he was.
"You didn't know," says Namor with some surprise.
“You wanna do some trust exercises?” Tony asked, a wry smile in his tone of voice. “Fall backwards. I’ll catch you.”
"Yeah," Tony answered once Steve's hand left his mouth, though there was still something puzzled in his expression.
Steve's life at the onset of 2013 was, therefore, full of new and alarming experiences, like getting to know what it felt like to be fully conscious while a surgeon dug a bullet out of an already healing wound. He got so far as grouchily suggesting maybe it would be better if they just left it
"I give you my word," she adds. "Call it a parley, if you want."
"Well," said Natasha. "You're not wrong."
"What now?"
"Well," Steve said, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist, "I think I can fix that."
an interesting vibration.
"Eh, I'm pretty adaptable," Tony said. "Having a ninety-something-year-old, supposed to be dead guy walk into my life isn't the strangest thing that's ever happened to me."
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I can go.”
"Could you
Just as the two of them had planned and rehearsed, there was a flicker as Tony displayed the video footage.
"I told you," Steve answers, "I don't expect any promises." He runs his hands up Tony's arms, back down his sides. "I'm happy to be here with you, now, and to take things one step at a time."
For whatever reason Agent May was here, her cover was clearly that she was in a relationship with Assistant Principal Coulson, given that the two of them were currently sharing a kiss.
Tony sits up, raising an eyebrow at Steve. "What are you trying to say?"
Steve raised an eyebrow in response.
"Most people don't like to look at that," Tony says softly.
"Fine," he relents, grabbing the gun. "I'm coming out."
“More likely he just didn’t know what it was,” Tony agrees. He grabs a prybar and drops it neatly into Steve’s hands. “Captain, if you’ll do the honors?”
The landing was still hard, even with Thor’s efforts, and the Hulk waiting on the ground to catch them. The nose of the jet crashed into the Hulk’s massive palms and he dug in his feet, slowing their momentum as they skidded toward a cliff. By the time they came to a full stop, the Hulk was dangling precariously over a steep fall.
"It's okay," Agent Drew says from behind them. "I called in backup before we left. The cavalry should be here shortly."
Steve gasps sweetly when Tony finally takes Steve into his mouth, and Tony slides a hand into his own trousers. Predictably, things don't last very long from there; Steve cries out Tony's name in the throes of climax, and Tony doesn't take long before he's spilling into his own hand.
"Why are you disappointed, then?" Tony moves in closer. "Did you think you were going to sweep in here like the dashing hero and rescue me?"
"If you're okay here," Steve says, "I'll go pick up the food order and come back. I could stand a shower, anyway."
“It already looks better,” she said. “I put some snow on it, looks like it took the swelling down.”
"We'll be getting everyone back together," Steve says. After a moment, he adds, "And you never
The faceplate of the armor lowered and Tony braced himself in the posture that was now familiar to Steve as an indication that Tony intended to take off. Steve stepped closer and placed an urgent hand on Tony’s shoulder.
Another Hydra base, one of the last, has been taken down. Baron Wilhelm von Strucker, one of the most prominent figures in the organization, is now in Allied custody, on his way to prison to await trial for war crimes.
Tony hummed an acknowledgement and took the glass away, setting it on the nightstand. Then he shifted on the bed, rotating himself toward Steve. “I know. What you said, back there, about being forced to be someone you’re not ... you were right. And realizing that it was actually a day, maybe two, and yet I still have all these
, but it's a strange sight just the same. The other Tony is a little different, hair a bit longer and goatee trimmed slightly off from his own, but his eyes are still blue, and his chest RT seems to function on similar technology, the light throbbing bare in the dimness of the workshop. Tony counts it lucky that neither of them were caught up in Madripoor's tech failure in
“Everyone knows that story, Steve,” Tony said.
“Yes,” she said, and her expression was wary.
“Which is exactly why he needs to be stopped,” Steve said. He reached for Tony’s hand, and the look on his face was so earnest that Tony really did want to be sick. Steve
went to print, detailing the adventures of the dashing Tony Edwards: a rich, handsome explorer, genius inventor and pilot of a supposedly invincible suit of armor known as the Iron Man.
"Right. Well," Tony said. "I saw you sneaking out like the Ajax Bandit and -"
“You’re all conspiring against me,” Tony complains. “Where’s Jarvis? Or Pepper? Might as well get them in on it, too.”
Steve was, Tony had learned, far from a shy flower; he closed his mouth around Tony and didn't hesitate in taking him right in, his hand closing around the base of Tony's cock and stroking what of his length Steve could not comfortably fit. Which, admittedly, wasn't much; Steve was pretty enthusiastic about giving head, and liked to practice and hone his craft.
Steve feels himself flush, and he turns his hot face against his arm, but he doesn't try to deny the words. "Tony, please."
What Tony once described as the beginning of a beautiful friendship - shamelessly snatching a line from Bogie - turns into a partnership. Iron Man and War Machine become near regulars of the Howling Commandos’ lineup, and even Fury and Phillips are impressed with how seamlessly Iron Man works with Captain America.
Facing the rest of the day is a bit more of a challenge, but the whole machine goes better when lubricated with a bit of alcohol; it's gin, today, a few martinis, devolving into gin and tonics when he no longer feels coherent enough to put on a show of mixing a proper cocktail.
Steve physically
how annoyed she was would be a one-way ticket to further aggravation. "You could stand to get cozier," she said. "I don't think I need to tell you that what you said to him was rude."
Steve was fairly certain Tony's slip of the tongue there was meant to say
Steve felt himself flush, not with embarrassment but with annoyance. "I'm not that much of a heel, that I don't get -"
"Not aside from yourself." Sternberg pauses, and his grip noticeably tightens on the gun. "How
friendly," Clint said. He narrowed his eyes. "Are you two --"
It isn't the first time Tony has seen what appears to be
“Hey.” Tony cupped Steve’s cheek in his hand, drawing Steve’s attention back to the present. His palm was warm, thumb tickling at the stubble of Steve’s five o’clock shadow. “You
Steve takes up residence in the kitchen, sitting in a chair that's too small at a table that's too low. Someone makes coffee and gives him a cup; he folds the mug between his hands and resolutely doesn't drink it. He knows he might be in shock, but he doesn't think so. His body is too resilient for that, though they never have tested the limits of its ability to handle emotional trauma.
Tony sits up, grabbing his cigarette case and lighter from the nightstand. "I would have imagined you and Agent Carter might finally act on that latent attraction."
“Yeah.” Tony took a deep breath, and the next words left him nearly in a rush: “I just wanted to tell you that I’m glad we’re all okay. And that we’re together. And - I love you.”
"Is it working?" Steve asks, as he leans in closer.
"Yes." Steve looks mortified, but to his credit, he goes on, "When I kissed you."
"I hope you're right," Steve said reluctantly. It was exactly what he
“Not intentionally,” Tony said, the hand on his face slowly sliding back into his lap. “What about you?”
Tony answers the unfinished question by surging forward and mashing their lips together. It's hardly graceful, actually it is the furthest thing from being graceful, but Tony tries to make it work. He puts his hands out on Steve's shoulders to steady them both, and Steve responds in kind by placing his hands on Tony's sides, uncertain as if he doesn't know quite what to do with them.
"I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
,” JARVIS replied.
“I was going to go with ‘amazing,’” Steve said. “But if you want ‘swell,’ sure. It was swell.”
“Come on, Steve.” Tony laughed, quiet and nervous. “You’re gonna make me blush.”
"They did." Tony gestures up at the Iron Man pod. "I was thinking of reviving myself."
Tony sits up straighter and presses his thumb and forefinger into the bridge of his nose. "I'm fine," he says, getting to his feet.
Steve didn’t look convinced. “I may be strong and fast, but Iron Man could stop me, if he really wanted.”
Tony takes them back to the building that houses his makeshift workshop, which has a modest set of living quarters attached. He's grateful for Jim's foresight in arranging for this place, though Tony is sure Jim didn't intend it
The lights came up to a dim setting, likely thanks to JARVIS, enough for Steve to make out Tony’s silhouette in bed. He was sprawled across it, rather than under the covers - what was it about Tony and his insistence on not using a blanket? - looking freshly showered with damp hair and his t-shirt riding up his stomach.
"Oh, you know. Life of an Army brat. My dad was in the service and we moved around a lot. Once I was ready to put down roots, I decided to go back. I talked my friend Natalie into joining me, since she was having some trouble finding a job in her field back east, and there was an open position for a guidance counselor at the school, too."
"I don't know," Tony said. He turned to look at Steve. "Why SHIELD?"
"No," Steve said, yet again.
"Can I see it?" Steve wonders.
The reaction must show on Steve's face, because Stark's expression falters, and his previously friendly smile takes on a cynical twist.
"I'm sorry, I know it's not the time," Tony groans, dropping his head back to the pillows.
,” Tony said in his best Clint-like voice. “Are you going to make the Iron Man armor out of cardboard?”
Steve worried, a little, at the duration of the mission suggested by the number of clothes he was told to pack and the extensive backstory he had to put together. Coulson had spent the better part of the last six months in deep cover there, and while they had been told that he and Natasha were considered a last resort - that perhaps fellow teachers would have an easier time befriending Tony than his boss - there was really no telling how long it might take either of them to succeed in their mission.
Tony watches Steve go - always a view not to be missed - then turns his attention back to the tank. Within half an hour, he has the other Tony in the process of coming out of stasis, settled onto a lab table, mostly cleaned of the weird gel and wired up to machines to monitor his vital signs, a mask over his face to provide oxygen since he seems to be breathing well enough on his own.
Steve had been to exactly three parties since waking up in the twenty-first century, including this one; the first was a SHIELD sanctioned office birthday party for one of the administrative assistants in the New York office, which had included a large sheet cake but no more alcohol than could be fervently - but quietly - passed around in a couple of flasks, and the second probably didn't even count as a party by most people's standards, as it was merely Thanksgiving dinner spent watching Clint and Natasha try to drink each other under the table.
Another day, another encounter with Justin Hammer, and Tony hated to say it, but Hammer was starting to step up his game in his efforts to join the Cabal. That childish desire was making Hammer dangerous, rather than just laughable; eventually, the Avengers would need to do something to make sure he was shut down for good, but it was a difficult matter, when the rest of the villains from whom the Cabal was comprised were such a distraction.
Steve scrubbed his hand over his face, then turned his hand over to scowl at the IV line running into it. "When can I get out of here?"
intimate for Tony, seeing the expression on Anthony's face and knowing he often wears something that raw and open on his own.
"Tell me about it," said Tony, sighing softly.
"Yes," she said. "We are. Come on, or Santa will leave a lump of coal in your stocking."
"Still," Tony insists. "That was work."
Steve looks a little startled, but he gets the point quickly enough, especially once Tony has his trousers open. Tony strokes Steve to hardness - not that it's difficult, given a bit of youthful eagerness - and takes his time exploring Steve with his hands and lips and tongue.
They were both silent for a long moment before Steve pressed on.
Agent Drew shakes her head. "I don't believe so. They'll want to keep him alive until they work out what he knows, and possibly even until they can reverse engineer Zemo."
“Of course.” The Captain released Tony’s arm and offered him a small smile, but it was hard to make out much else under the cowl he wore. His skin was fair, bordering on pale; his eyes were light, too. Up close, he smelled like leather and something metallic, with a hint of gasoline fumes.
“Yeah. Bye.”
Tony hesitated, exhaling a soft sigh before he admitted, "I missed you, too."
Tony’s laboratory is a cleaner and neater space than the workshop, devoted to research and development, where he frequently dissects captured Hydra technology and weapons.
"Hey," Tony said sharply. "Try not to die. I'm not finished yelling at you yet."
"No." Steve doesn't even bother sitting down, he just walks to Tony and gently pries the glass from his hand.
After getting cleaned up and tossing on some clothes, Tony felt a little more like a person; he headed for the kitchen, following the smell of freshly brewing coffee. Steve was standing at the counter, leaning against it as he ate a bowl of cereal. He was also reading the news on his StarkPad, which made Tony feel strangely proud.
Tony groaned loudly and dropped his head back against the shower wall. "What? No, mood killed, I'm done with you," he said, but the seriousness of the words was ruined by his laughter.
, and it had a certain charm to it just the same.
The Iron Man armor which is, to Tony’s chagrin, rendered in brilliant, bright yellow.
“Temporal mechanics just don’t make sense where the Infinity Stones are concerned.” Tony sighed. “I hate magic. Or phenomenal cosmic power. Whatever you want to call it. But even those couldn’t make us someone we’re not.”
his supervising agent they were talking about. Steve had been happy to sign Agent Coulson's trading cards, but that was about as far as it went; they'd settled into a nice, friendly but professional working relationship since then.
Tony stepped further inside and closed the door, then went to join Steve on the couch. “Are you really reading files for fun?”
What would Tony be looking for a cure for? His heart, surely - searching for a way to fix his heart had been the driving force behind Tony's many adventures - but Tony had sounded so bleak on the subject. Reserving hope in case it didn't work?
“You seemed like you could use the pick-me-up.” Steve shrugged, utterly unrepentant.
; he leaned in and kissed Tony, and just as soon as Tony snapped out of his shocked state and began to kiss back, Steve lost all shyness about the matter. Steve's hands were warm and eager as he pushed up the hem of Tony's shirt and placed his palms on bare skin, only the skittish way his fingers ran up and down Tony's sides giving away any hint of nerves.
Steve cleared his throat. "You look nice," he said determinedly.
Steve sighed softly, ruffling the hair on the back of Tony's neck. "I'm going to say we're due a talk with Thor and the Hulk."
Now Steve did gasp in surprise, before he could quite help himself. Howard Stark had been one of Steve's closest friends during the war, one of the men responsible for the project that successfully created Captain America. By the time Steve got through the files of so many others - Bucky, Peggy, the Howling Commandos - to learn about Howard, he had been too grief stricken and overwhelmed to inquire after any surviving kin.
"I had a message from Reed when I woke up," Tony answers. "He probably roamed back into the lab after we hung up with him last night."
Steve smiled softly. "No."
Within two weeks after the Daily Bugle Network’s first report on the stranger, they and the rest of the mainstream media had adopted the moniker of “The Captain” for their new vigilante. Armchair detectives on the Internet had theories aplenty, social media was rife with claims of sightings, and the only thing anyone could seem to agree on was that he didn’t ever seem to commit any
Once Tony was finished, he ran a hand through his helmet-flattened hair, and glanced down at himself, pulling a face. "Grim Reaper's got really bad taste, and blue is
“It did, and we’re living in it,” Tony said. “This crack is the truth.” He gave a pause to build anticipation, before putting out the bait, the suggestion that was gentle enough for the rest of them to begin to grasp: “What if we were once a team of villains so strong, the Squadron tried to wipe us from reality?”
“Odin’s beard!” Thor cried. “Why in the Nine Realms would Stark sacrifice himself?”
The rules are strict, but not difficult to adhere to: no mention of classified operations or operatives that would compromise their integrity. No likenesses of Captain America without the cowl. No identifying information that clues anyone in to the fact that Steve Rogers is the man behind the flag. The Commandos are all given fictional aliases so that no two members of the unit can be connected by parallels.
Tony doesn't know that anyone can claim an allergy to sodium pentathol, at least not one like that, and his lie shows in how unconvinced Jim looks.
"What's the last thing you remember, before waking up here?" Tony asks, sliding over a tablet so that he can take notes.
Unfortunately, Tony’s attempts at social avoidance with his new neighbors are thwarted by the determined curiosity of Captain America; the fact that Steve Rogers, the young soldier behind the cowl, is big and blond and very good looking certainly doesn’t hurt.
"Oh, no," Tony said. "I want to do things."
Steve offers Tony an unimpressed look and opens his mouth, undoubtedly to say something stubborn in response, but only a gasp comes out as Anthony positions himself and sinks down onto Steve's cock. It's excellent timing, really, Tony has to give his alternate that much; it's a tactic that Tony himself should probably put to use more often.
"No more Frank Finlay for you, then?" he asks.
The full force of Tony’s focus and attention was intense, and he plied at Steve for what felt like ages, first one finger and then two, gently twisting and thrusting, finally curling until the tips of them pressed against Steve’s prostate and sent sparks flying off behind his eyelids. It was impossible to remain quiet then, and Steve was failing to see the
"Yes."
?" Steve demands.
There were a few ways, Tony supposed, that he could go about this. He could kidnap Steve, take him to his evil lair, and reveal himself to be Iron Man. He could send a text along the lines of, “lol btw im iron man” but he didn’t actually know Steve’s number, so that was off the table. There was something problematic, anyway, about a guy wanting to save you like you were a princess in a castle, when you didn’t even know his damn last name or his phone number or whether
Bucky shrugs. “If it makes you feel better, I wasn’t trying to talk you out of maybe blowing yourself up.”
"Good job." Natasha looked approving. "You said 'yes,' I hope."
"Something like that." Steve paused. "I didn't even realize Howard had a son, until Director Fury briefed me for this assignment."
"I think that can be arranged." Steve was obviously trying to sound stern, but it was ruined by the fact he was smiling. He stood up, and his feet left Tony's field of vision, but Tony was still a little surprised when the foot of the bed, rather than the other side, dipped under Steve's weight.
"Were you doing loop-de-loops out there?" Steve asks. "I hope you didn't get sick all over Jim."
"Of course you'd like to be the one in the middle," Anthony says. His face is flushed, skin damp with perspiration, but he pushes himself up just a little, getting the leverage to push back onto Steve and Tony.
While Tony couldn’t make much out of the Captain’s face where he was backlit in the hall, there was something in the deep, rich tone of the man’s voice that was soothing to Tony. That called on Tony to
"Huh?" Steve blinked, looking back at him. "No, I just - realized I forgot to tell Natalie where I was going tonight."
"Unless we've got our wires crossed, I was hoping so," Steve answered. "Can I take your coat?"
Jim and Bucky are carrying a heavy-looking box between them, which they heft onto one of Tony’s work tables. The box is shaped like a cube and made of a dull gray metal, the hinged lid locked with a heavy padlock.
“Morning, sleepyhead,” Tony said without turning around, throwing his hand up in a wave.
librarian; Steve was to be her assistant - who prattled on for a while in a friendly tone about how it was unusual to have a new hire in the middle of the school year, but it had been a special exception that caused the loss of their last assistant, and Steve came so highly recommended by Mr. Coulson ... Steve was glad he went to Tony's party, since meeting so many people there gave him an edge on introductions. He only encountered three or four faces that were newly introduced while making the rounds of the school, though he knew some others weren't actually present at the moment.
Steve's blush must spread from his hairline to his collar, but he keeps it civil as he shakes Stark's hand. "Steve Rogers, sir. And I'm sorry, I just - well, I just thought you looked younger than your magazine covers."
Steve fastens on his holster, checking his handgun and his extra ammunition, and shrugs into his suit jacket. As an afterthought on his way out the door, he grabs the decanter of liquor that Tony had been drinking from the night before, and pours it down the bathroom sink. Tony isn't likely to be happy about it, and Steve doesn't delude himself into thinking that Tony can't get more, easily, but at least it should slow him down for a while.
As it turned out, Tony didn’t have to come up with anything to say, at least, because Steve’s expression turned, brows knitting with another question.
When Steve and Tony reached the parking lot, they found Natasha waiting, parked next to Tony's car.
"Oh." Steve cleared his throat. "No, that was - um, my roommate, Natalie."
The baron's arrogance, when Allied forces are perhaps moments away from taking the castle and liberating Tony, is baffling. Tony does feel a momentary worry, then; maybe von Strucker plans to take pleasure out of the eleventh hour destruction of an old enemy.
"But you have friends," Steve urged.
"I was going to say it was intense," Anthony says. "And amazing."
Of all the times Steve had ever imagined what Iron Man would look like under the helmet - and certainly he had imagined it often enough over the course of four years fighting alongside each other - he had never quite pictured ... this.
Back at the mansion, after they were showered and changed and adequately fussed over by Jarvis, Tony was installed on the couch in front of the fireplace with a huge mug of hot cocoa (bobbing with marshmallows) and a warm blanket. As it turned out, he had probably sprained something -- Tony's vote was: his entire body -- in the altercation with the Krampus, and had been ordered to rest and relaxation by Jarvis.
Tony lashes out, thrashing in the chair, kicking out with his legs, but he can't get any of the hits to connect.
Gradually, Tony moves closer and presses himself against Steve's front, wraps his lube-slick hand around their cocks and rocks his hips gently with the motion of Steve and Anthony moving together, stroking in counter-rhythm. Steve comes first, quietly undone between them, burying his face in the crook of Tony's neck, and Tony gently works Steve down from it before concentrating on himself.
"Expected to send this as a Christmas present to Dr. Richards, I expect."
"Well?" Madame Hydra demands impatiently. "What are you waiting for? Finish it!"
"Please don't waste your time feeling sorry for me, Steve."
Tony shrugged. "He's in the Air Force. Sometimes that trumps hanging out with your friends at Christmas, believe it or not."
"My adventures are over, Steve. I'm thirty-five years old." Tony flicks a bit of ash into the crystal ashtray on the nightstand, then he raps his fingers against the glass covering his heart. "And at least ten past my expiration date."
Neither of them want to voice their true concern, of course, that Tony might not be around to send such a postcard. It's just easier to think of Tony, insouciant but alive, sunning on some beach somewhere and carelessly failing to get in touch.
Steve shook out his arms and stretched his legs, doing a quick assessment of the rest of his body. “Okay, except for the head,” he answered honestly. “And that’s fading already. Where are we?”
Dealing with cross-universal alternates is not the strangest thing to ever happen to Tony; the first time or two, it ranked fairly high, sure, but this many times down the road, he has a hard time even giving it much placement on his list. The fact that they've been suspended unconscious in stasis pods, however,
"Something like that." Steve helped Tony to his feet and reached his arms around to brush snow from Tony's back. It became an awkward tangle of limbs as Tony tried to bat away Steve's attempts to help, and they ended up doing an awkward dance around each other while the other few party guests politely ignored their antics.
"Thanks." Tony reached for the cup, but didn't bring it to his lips; he was convinced that half the time, the usefulness of a cup of tea wasn't its contents so much as having something warm to hold.
Steve smiled. "I know a little something about that."
"I prefer to think of it as well-intentioned megalomania," Steve said, recovering quickly.
Steve sighed, but it was a fondly exasperated noise. "One of these days, I'm going to do this right."
Tony glances back to one of his monitors, feeling oddly uncomfortable watching a man who might as well be his clone, interacting with his ... interacting with
"He saved your life," May answered. "At your height, that would've hit
"Nah, it's okay," Tony said. "So, uh ... I noticed you had someone with you earlier - I'm guessing she must have been your plus one, since I didn't recognize her."
"As plans go," Natasha said, "it's a little rough. But it's not a complete wreck." She pursed her lips, considering. "Now that we know you're on board, I'll call Coulson. He'll want to have a meeting, bring in Director Fury before we decide our next move."
"Yes," she said. "I'm calling it a night, but you stay. Have fun."
an actual whimper. (He was sticking to that story.)
"Bye," Steve said. He stood and watched the man's retreating back before heading off to his own SHIELD issue car.
Steve has assigned Anthony to one of those very rooms, the one least often used, and closest to Tony's bedroom. It makes sense, in case Anthony needs anything ... or tries to go snooping around.
Tony offered Steve a small, tentative smile. He spent a moment probably turning the words over in his head - Steve could practically see the gears turning - before he said, “The last few days have been really rough.”
"For what?" Tony asked. He raised his eyebrows pointedly. "You took a bullet for me. I should be thanking you for saving my life."
JARVIS paused just long enough for the
Tony didn’t answer at first, taking long enough that Steve began to blush and shake his head.
Steve spent an undignified moment with his mouth hanging open. “You’re Iron Man.”
"I'm so pushy," Tony says, trying to sound affronted even as he gives in to the demand and rocks his hips forward.
"Have you been living under a
"I draw sometimes, to relax," Steve says.
"God," Tony said through his laughter. "You are the
Tony made a surprised sound when Steve spun him around and bent him right across his desk. Steve swept an arm out, pushing things aside (but considerately, not
Tony sighed with pleasure, happy and content that Steve hadn't stopped touching.
"And why were you looking for me today?" Steve demands.
Steve sat back in his chair, frowning. "But, how?"
Tony doesn't respond, doesn't know
"You've been kidnapped," Steve says, in a soft, soothing tone. "Brought from your world to our own. We found you and are working to get you home."
Tony frowned, looking up. "You don't think I can do it, either."
He sat down on the edge of the roof and Tony joined him, the joints of the armor protesting doing something so ridiculous as having a casual seat on some brickwork.
“Yep,” Clint said, patting the armor on the back before he stepped away, toward the ramp out of the quinjet. “I want a shower, and like half a dozen pizzas. You hear that, JARVIS? Half a dozen pizzas!”
Steve Rogers was a fan of
Anthony shifts, looking down as if he hadn't noticed before. "Huh. We should do something about that."
"You needed the full-face mask," Tony said. "Even the Red Skull couldn't miss that patriotic browline of yours."
"Only until you were eight?" Steve asked.
As Tony strained his ears to listen, there was the sound of footsteps, boots crunching on broken glass, then the office door opened and a man’s bulk filled the doorway. Tony was in a good place to look innocent, ducked under his desk and appearing for all the world as if he were hiding from the commotion.
"Well, good," Tony said. "Because you look a little young to be the mother of a ninety-five year old man."
Steve couldn't help himself; he snorted at the idea of Coulson in antlers. For good measure, his imagination supplied the image of a bright red nose, too.
Tony walks over to the table and places his hand down on the surface of it, next to Steve's. Ordinarily, he might ask what has brought Steve here - and Tony has a pretty good idea - but he finds himself interested in waiting to see where this will all go under Steve's guidance.
Tony still tastes strongly of bourbon, but that's the only similarity between this kiss and the ones they shared last night. Tony takes his time now, reaching up to wind his arms around Steve's neck, closing his eyes.
Banner removes his glasses and rubs at his eyes. "Most urgently, the bad news is that if Mr. Stark did receive the Zemo formula, then we still need to find a way to counteract it. The other bad news is that ... well, his heart has been pretty overtaxed. At this point, I can't say with any measure of confidence whether it'll last another six months or even six days."
SHIELD wants to be certain that Tony hasn't fallen to the enemy, and for Steve to attempt to liberate the missing scientists, if indeed they are in Hydra's hands. If Peggy is right, if Tony really has been turned, then Steve knows he'll have to be prepared to deal with it.
Tony was oddly charmed, more than he would have expected.
"I feel like it's moving slowly," Steve admitted.
"Agent Drew," Steve says, trying to draw his most professional air around him. "What are you doing here? I was told we wouldn't make contact."
Coulson purposely waited until the man's mouth was full before asking, "Any big holiday plans?"
Mr. Jarvis, coming through to announce the opening of the bay doors, jolted Steve out of his wandering thoughts.
"Well," said Natasha at last. "Wheels up in an hour. Are you ready?"
"Just wanted to make sure we have all our clothes off first," he clarified.
Peggy heads toward the kitchen, with a nod to Steve to follow. "Did he decline transport?"
"I've got some ... experience ... in the whole field of split personalities," Banner says, with a rueful little smile. "But don't worry, it's not contagious."
A few different things become clear to Tony over the next few hours that he spends with his alternate. Anthony shares some of the same major life events with Tony, like the circumstances that led to the creation of the Iron Man, the founding of the Avengers, the struggle with alcoholism, the constant fighting to keep control of his own company.
They abandon their bath after, drying off with fluffy towels and dropping back into bed so that Tony can bring Steve off with his mouth, slick fingers sliding into Steve's ass.
“Cap,” Iron Man said, voice oddly gruff and hollow through the helmet of the suit, “good luck down there.”
"Look at the mess we're in," Tony says, laughing at them all as he pulls away. "Steve still has his
my color."
must come to an end.
Iron Man knelt down to inspect the robot up close. "I think you're right."
"Just get me my usual," Tony says. He slings back the rest of his coffee, then gets up to refill his mug.
has a theme song," Steve says. "Steve Rogers can't actually carry a tune in a bucket."
“I’ve gotta admit,” Tony said after a pause, “I’m a little surprised you aren’t kicking my ass right now.”
Steve, still standing by the door, felt a weird flush of heat along his front, which didn't mesh well at all with the cold at his back.
Steve recognizes a French accent in the impatient voice, and a puzzle piece slots right into place in his head. "Dr. Sternberg?"
Steve worries about the defensibility of their position, but decides he will have to make it work. He draws his own pistol from his shoulder holster once he has a moment, and backs down the stairs after Sternberg. Steve can hear the intruders moving around in other parts of the house, gradually growing closer.
"Will do." Tony nods, and listens for the sound of the elevator departing before he meets Anthony's eyes again. Anthony looks about to burst with curiosity, but he doesn't ask, so Tony doesn't offer.
Tony was undeterred, even with the objections he was clearly about to face. “You ever have an itch you can’t scratch?”
“Abandon ship,” Hawkeye said as he looked up at the detonator. “I’ll go first!”
"I'm sorry," Steve said, snickering softly. "Okay, not
"Tiny Robots?" Steve wondered. "And JARVIS?"
Tony’s bedroom door stood ajar, which Steve took as a good sign - an unspoken invitation - but it was dark and quiet inside. He knocked on the doorframe anyway before stepping in, and closed the door behind him with his heel.
Steve bites back a groan at the idea of trouble following him. He presses his ear against the bedroom door to listen, and distinguishes voices in the living room, with cadence very similar to those he heard in Sternberg's lab.
Steve switches on the lamp so that he can check his watch. "Little after five."
For a guy who seemed to have his head in the clouds half the time, Tony was thoughtful as a lover, and seemed defeated only by his desire to touch more at once than two hands and one mouth easily allowed. Steve pulled back from Tony's biting kisses and reached back to close the shower door; enclosed in the relatively small space, even with the water running around them, their excited, panting breaths seemed loud and harsh.
Tony fumbles kisses at Steve's neck and jaw, and when they come just moments apart, shuddering together, Steve slides his hand down to cover the skin-warmed metal of the bubble over Tony's heart.
Tony was blissfully unaware, though; he just slid his arms around Steve, pressing their bodies close together as they kissed.
Steve lapped at a bead of water on Tony's neck, catching it on his tongue. "Taking things slow wasn't so bad, was it?"
involve some insinuation of offering repayment to his rescuer, because ... Tony might secretly be a supervillain, but he still had
Tony must have tensed as soon as the subject was brought up, because Steve's hands went back to work trying to ease the tautness of his spine.
exactly seeing where you're doing it wrong," Tony said, pointedly glancing down at his own erection, trapped between their bodies.
Steve laughed, turning his head to kiss the inside of Tony's knee. "And where did you hear that?" he wondered.
"He's just so -
"That's useful," Tony said. "Looking out for me being cold betrays a level of empathy."
"I think it's a valid question." Natasha moved over to a display of sketchbooks and journals, tugging Clint along with her.
Anthony smiles, a bit ruefully. "No. There's always been something there, but we sort of kept just ... missing each other, I suppose you might say."
Fury gazed at Steve for a long moment, his single eye serious, searching. He keyed up another photo in the slideshow, this an older man, bald and bearded.
"I thought you might be a little sore after all that," Steve said. He knelt down to be eye level with Tony, and placed a gentle hand on the back of Tony's neck. "How bad is it?"
Above Iron Man's head, there was a sharp clanging noise as Cap's shield flew and bashed into the Krampus' head. The thing didn't even budge.
“I just ... like what I do, and how I do it,” Steve said. “Watching out for my neighborhood and the people in it. I don’t need more attention, or glory, or whatever it is that the Squadron is looking for.”
It took a few seconds for Steve to regain his composure, to open his eyes and meet Tony's gaze again, and he smiled in a sly, conspiratorial way, as if aware of just the effect he'd had on Tony. Actually, he probably
“A lot of people don’t,” Steve said. “It had to be harder on your father than it was on the rest of the Howling Commandos, since he was a civilian.”
with that knowledge.
Tony paced back and forth across his workshop, tapping a wrench against his palm. “I could tell him I don’t want to get involved in vigilantism.”
(yet) - Tony never just invited himself into Steve's personal space, always waiting to follow Steve's lead. Steve appreciated it, in a way, just as much as he railed against it; Tony ribbed him in so many other ways about being out of touch, and the inequality seemed wrong somehow.
A second passed in silence that was more comfortable than it probably should have been, then Steve said, “If I ask you something, will you tell me the truth?”
Tony pushes up from the pillows and rolls them over deftly, to settle between Steve's legs. When his fingers press between Steve's thighs, they're already slicked; Steve isn't sure when that happened, but he doesn't have time to wonder about it, as Tony begins to ease a fingertip inside.
a squeak) when Steve tweaked a nipple between forefinger and thumb. Steve
They lapsed into merciful, companionable silence after that, and Steve was relieved that Natasha let the subject drop. He had the uncomfortable feeling, however, that this was not going to be the last of awkward discussions they would have before this mission was over.
"Should we get started?" Anthony says instead, and Tony's estimation of the man rises a few notches in response.
“Yeah,” Steve answered, his voice hushed against the pillows.
"Jim thinks he went looking for another cure," Pepper says. "What do you think?"
Compared to New York on a normal day, Cedar Falls on Christmas Eve was downright sedate. Natasha didn't regret her decision to go out, but she was questioning her life choices in deciding to bring Clint along; still, it was safer than leaving him back at the house with Steve.
"Semantics," Tony says. "It could still get the both of us in hot water."
"Suck it up, Barton," Tony said. "It's close quarters, I'm pretty sure no one at this table would touch you on purpose."
"Do you know what else would help?" Tony asked, after he'd lowered himself onto the bed again.
“I won’t,” Tony said. “Thanks, Peter.”
“What is it?” Steve asks.
Steve found it singularly frustrating.
"Good morning," Tony says when he breaks away from the kiss.
In 1935, the first issue of
Gradually, reality had to come crashing back in, and the longer they lay there, the more conscious Steve became of the sheen of perspiration drying on his skin, the way it made their bodies stick together where they touched. He was lying on a wet patch on the sheets, and Tony was growing restless, too, finally giving in to the inexorable demands of biology when he had to raise up and pull out.
“Give Stark some space,” Clint finished. This time, his hand was the one to land heavily on Steve’s shoulder, steering him toward the elevator on the other side of the room. “You and I both know he’s gonna need some time to beat
Steve was systematic, moving up to Tony's ankles and then his calves, pausing whenever he found a stubborn knot of muscle, taking the time to ease the tension away. When Steve reached Tony's thighs, and eventually slid up the bed to straddle Tony's legs and work on his glutes and lower back, Tony discovered that he was not, in fact, too tired to get aroused. His cock twitched against the sheets with interest, even as the rest of his body loosened up.
. In the time I spent speculating on what you've been doing for the last two years, that wasn't part of it."
Jim's group radios back after a few minutes that their area is clear, the experimental missile shut down and being disassembled by the Allies as they speak.
"If it isn't Sleeping Beauty," Natasha said, once Steve stopped behind the couch.
"At first, I thought they were just some of Machinesmith's androids," Tony answers. "But they're flesh and blood and ... all non-invasive tests indicate, us. Except
"You aren't the first, and probably not the last, Steve," Tony said. "If that's even your name."
"Tony?" Steve called, on the other side of the door.
“Yeah,” Steve answered, kissing Tony again. “I don’t think I’m that great with feelings, either.”
Tony grinned. "Gearing up for that midnight kiss?"
Steve went back to the desk and rummaged through his messenger bag - part of the wardrobe he purchased on Natasha's advice, and actually pretty useful - before producing the remote and handing it to Tony.
Tony was, at the moment, juggling a stack of cupcake boxes tied together in a leaning tower with brightly colored string. Steve moved forward to help right them before the topmost slid any further and unbalanced the whole mess.
Though Steve still hadn't quite shaken the feeling of guilt he experienced every time he plunked down anywhere from five to ten dollars (depending on whether his sweet tooth demanded something from the pastry case as well) at one of these places, it still didn't stop him from going. Hot chocolate was good for the soul, especially when it was creamy and rich and had extra whipped cream on top, and it certainly helped lighten his mood for going back outside into the winter air and the holiday traffic.
"You are evil," Tony accused. He glanced down at himself, and was dismayed to find he hardly even looked
"Please," Tony says. "Call me Tony. I'm not part of your military machine, even if Fury might wish it so."
"Something like that," Steve said. "Hi, by the way."
"Plus," Tony adds, "I think this unit is malfunctioning. The tech is unfamiliar to me, but the readings coming off it are inconsistent with the other three. It must have shorted out in the tech outage. At least, I hope this is the one that's busted and not the rest, because I'm not sure I could deal with some other universe's Thor freaking out and frying the Tower."
"Here you go," Tony says, opening the door into the room. It is neat and clean, the freshly made bed obviously Steve's doing, judging from the fact it looks like you could bounce a quarter off it. "I'm just down the hall on the right, if you need anything. You've got your own bathroom through that door, and there's a kitchen just back the way we came in. Steve or I will come by in the morning to show you down to the communal floor for breakfast."
"I don't have all the details," Jim says. "But he was a casualty of the train mission."
Steve didn't look up, but he could practically
There was only one thing that broke the eight percent mark, only one scenario that rated in the double digits, even if the number was low, but at this rate, Tony had come around to being willing to take what he could get.
Steve moans, tipping his head back against the pillows as Tony adds a second finger. "
The front of the Iron Man suit opened up at Tony’s command, ejecting Tony onto the floor on his hands and knees. A split second later, the suit came to life with the eerie red glow through the faceplate that signified JARVIS taking control.
Steve walks into the cabin, and is drawn to the papers strewn across Tony's table. "Oh. Are you busy working?" he asks.
Steve leaned in and cut off Tony’s words with a kiss. “It’s okay,” he said quietly. “I love you, too.”
The noises faded out behind them as Tony led the way out a back door. It was well below freezing outside, but in spite of that, a few party guests huddled against the side of the house smoking cigarettes. Tony led Steve a short distance away, and tugged him down for another kiss. Steve leaned in to it, in spite of every moral fiber telling him this was no longer a special exception; he needed to come clean now, to tell Tony the truth.
“What even is this?” Tony wondered bitterly. “It’s like someone compiled documentation of
Namor's expression twists, and he leans forward again, narrowing his eyes at Steve. "And you would have me believe this has nothing to do with the fact that Tony Stark is living in Hightown?"
In response, Dum-E tilted its claw in the same direction, and Steve caught sight of a camera lens that looked sort of like an eye.
"Well," Tony said, hefting his nameplate into his hands. "Mr. Carbonell had a good run while he lasted."
When Tony presented his idea to the other two people in his life he felt needed to know, Obie was supportive and even Rhodey - typically the skeptical one - agreed it wasn't a bad idea. Obadiah agreed to take care of the company in Tony's absence, and to make sure he had financial channels open to him when needed.
bad, Rhodey argued - but it was low-key and held enough clothes and personal belongings to tide him over on a long road trip.
, I decided I kinda liked it, you know?"
"Hey, Cap," he greeted.
Steve has been conscientious not to bother Namor on the journey so far, not that it has been difficult to stick to that, as Namor has made himself scarce.
Tony sags with relief that his armor made it back, at least. "What about Bravo Team?"
"That's good," Natasha finally said.
Steve couldn’t help but wonder; though they had encountered the Guardians a time or two before, enough to be acquainted with the group as typical friends rather than foes, he hadn’t been aware that Tony and Peter had formed any real bond, but here they were speaking like friends. On the screen, past Tony’s shoulder, Steve could see that Quill was smiling, too.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand, a sudden swell of emotion in his chest in spite of how relaxed the rest of his body felt. “Yeah, Tony?”
Spending time with Steve was amazing, and finding ways to relax with him - especially like this - even better. Tony was not, in spite of some people’s ideas of the complexes he must possess, strictly prone to the fear of failure, but he
Steve nodded understanding; he lost his mother at a young age, and even this many years - technically and linearly - down the road from her death, he still wished he could ask her advice sometimes. "And?"
Steve frowns down at the table. "But why?"
With their late start to the day - schedules skewed by the drama of the night before - it was evening by the time they finished discussing their plans. Natasha and Steve had thrown together dinner from the contents of their fridge, a strange amalgamation of things with regard to the fact they would be leaving the next day, and Steve hated the idea of wasting food.
Steve rapped lightly on the doorframe before he walked inside, but he stood silently for a moment just across the threshold, hands in his pockets.
Howard Stark chomped on the end of his cigar, laughed sharply, and said, “Well, how do you like that.”
"This will likely be the last time we see each other, Mr. Stark," von Strucker says. "I'd like you to be comfortable."
“You wanna stay for dinner?”
"So, I guess date night has been cut short," Tony says, standing on the sidelines with Steve as the authorities clear out their suspects.
Tony brings up both gauntlets on the suit when the miniaturized rocket launches at him, but it sails overhead and crashes into the stonework instead. Dust and pebbles shower down, before the entire covered walkway bucks ominously under the force of the explosion, rock collapsing atop him at a steady rate.
thinking that already?"
"Thank you for your assistance, Captain," it said. "We can handle the cleanup."
Steve inevitably found himself roaming around the house and debating leaving. He had hoped to catch up to Tony at least once more before he left, but that seemed unlikely. He hadn't even seen Tony in the last half an hour, and then he had been nearly obscured by a crowd of people he was conversing with.
Steve felt his face heating up, but could not decide whether it was from anger or embarrassment. It had become obvious to him some time ago that Clint knew about his relationship with Tony, but Steve wasn’t sure exactly when and how they had crossed the line from silent acknowledgment to Clint doling out advice.
Steve shrugged. "I don't know. I'm ... I don't mean to sound arrogant when I say that I'm not lacking in offers, I just haven't had a lot of interest in anyone."
Steve laughs softly, rubbing his fingertip a bit lower. Tony draws up his knees - a bit precarious - and presses back into it, hips still rolling up into the rhythm of Steve's other hand.
Tony looked away. “You kept asking me to join you in the field, and I refused, because I was afraid I was going to get someone else hurt.”
Steve grunted softly when Tony’s weight left his back; he rolled over and propped himself on an elbow, waiting until Tony was settled onto his back and looking at Steve to speak.
It was almost like Steve knew exactly what to do, exactly how Tony liked to be touched ...
?" Steve demands. "I would've followed orders, even if I'd known."
"Agent Jessica Drew," the woman introduces herself. "A pleasure, Commander Rogers."
“Are you all right?”
Tony rolled his eyes, but his own exasperated reply was lost when Steve pulled back and thrust forward again, dissolving Tony’s words into an incoherent moan.
"Steve." Tony raises a hand to stop him. "Why are you even here?"
"None taken," Steve said. "So, you ... you're just okay with this."
"I did." Steve smiled. "I just didn't want to wake you up. You looked comfortable."
Steve was able to pull into the driveway proper this time, and the garage door rolled open on his approach to invite him inside. The garage was much larger on the inside than Steve expected; after he parked and got out, he couldn't help a glance around while he stripped out of his outerwear and left it piled in the front seat.
Natasha rolled her eyes; Steve felt a little relieved that he wasn't the only one on the receiving end of that look.
But no one had believed it would take such effort, and every day they get closer to Johann Schmidt, the infamous Red Skull, they have to believe the sacrifices are worth it.
“I can,” Tony admitted. “And I was thinking maybe it's time to bring in the others I saw in it, too. You ready to take a leap of faith and reveal yourself?”
Clint shoveled popcorn into his mouth. "Like anyone's going to know," he said around his mouthful.
"Fine," Clint conceded.
about, going into this mission: getting close to his mark. It wasn't as hard as Steve imagined it must be for Clint and Natasha, sometimes - in that Steve wasn't going to have to
Of all the things Steve had been through in his life, from sleeping for the better part of the century in ice to being mind-swapped into the body of the man he loved, snapping back to reality from an existence where he was supposed to be a supervillain had to take the cake. He did not linger in Tony’s lab once the reality stone was put away, just headed back to his room, setting his mind to the comfort of routine.
," Tony says weakly.
Steve rolls away, flushing with embarrassment. Suddenly, the moment feels too intimate, and he feels exposed by his own feelings. "No, I just ... I didn't
“Just doing a little light reading.” Steve nodded to the StarkPad in indication. “I wouldn’t mind some company, though.”
“Yeah, I’m good,” Tony said. He shifted out from under the desk and moved to stand, and it was that action that inspired the Captain to move the rest of the way into the office, as his strong, gloved hand took Tony by the elbow and helped Tony to his feet.
He couldn’t remember the last time a handjob was that satisfying, actually.
"Tony was the one to bring down von Strucker!" Steve protests, but his memories of the day are less than clear where Tony is concerned. The same day that von Strucker was arrested, Bucky died; Steve is ashamed to admit that he wasn't paying much attention to Tony that day.
The journey to Madripoor is not inconsiderable by air, and even longer by sea, especially since Namor refuses to deploy the submarine until they are closer to their destination. Steve studies reports and writes letters to occupy his mind, and takes up pacing the deck of the fishing trawler in much of his free time, finding sleep hard to come by in the boat's tiny berth.
“I’m nearly old enough to be your mother,” she said.
"That would be a good idea," Steve said, refusing to feel embarrassed or self-conscious, especially when he knew Natasha wasn't teasing.
The door opens slightly wider, and a middle aged man with glasses looks out at Steve with a skeptical expression. Steve glances down, assessing the situation, and catches the glint of a handgun in the man's grip, held just nearly out of sight.
That night, Tony has a lot of questions and things that he wants to discuss privately with Steve, none of which seem as important once their clothes begin to come off. Steve presses Tony down to the bed and kisses him, hands roaming over Tony's body in gentle but confident touches. Steve's lips are soft as he kisses around the edge of the chest RT, his face bathed in the pale light of its glow.
"I have been working in secrecy," Sternberg says. He walks further into the house, leading the way toward a staircase that descends to a lower level. "My project relies on it."
"Date night," Tony says. "Madripoor wasn't exactly ..."
The look Anthony gives him is definitely strange, now. "No," he says. "Not since I was very young. Maybe you would think of Dad as ... Jarvis?"
“Well ...” Steve said slowly. “Think about it. What have you done that’s really terrible?”
Steve's expression turned pinched. "It sounds dangerous, Tony. Like you're using yourself as bait."
"Two Steves," Tony says, glazing over a little.
"I don't forget the favors I owe." Namor nods his head in the direction of the hatch, and Steve follows him down, to the cramped captain's cabin. The real
“I did sort of wonder,” Steve said, “why so many things around your workshop were branded with
Steve woke to the feeling of someone shaking his shoulder. The motion jostled his head, sending a pain shooting straight from his neck to his skull. Steve groaned and opened his eyes to a blurry face hovering over him. “What ...”
Tony blinks. "Not enough for this conversation."
Steve polished off the bagel in relatively short order, and sipped at his coffee again while he studied the information on the displays. “This is all good work,” he said. “What about the other three?”
Before Steve could say anything further, the jet rocked with a blast. Undoubtedly one of the Squadron, in pursuit. They may have gotten their erstwhile team back together, but they had also made the entire group sitting ducks for capture and arrest — or worse.
"Why didn't you share any of this information before now?" Steve asks, frustrated.
Tony leans around and kisses Anthony, and he doesn't want to be a
"Nonsense." Tony drapes Steve's suit jacket over his desk chair, careful not to wrinkle it since Steve will need to wear it on his way out tomorrow. "These uniforms
emerges inside a covered dock area in a remote portion of Buccaneer Bay. Steve says his goodbyes to a surly Namor - while certain neither of them will miss the other very much - and disembarks with merely a single duffel bag slung over his shoulder.
"How was your date?" Clint asked.
Steve shrugged. "He mentioned his butler, in a roundabout way, so that pretty much confirms our suspicions about Edwin Jarvis. And he brought up another friend who's in the Air Force - he just called him 'Rhodey,' but he said they went to college together. I remember a mention of someone in his file fitting that description."
Tony's expression changed, as he seemed to decide on something. "Well, want to come back to my place?"
“How’s the plan going?”
Tony rolled onto his side to look at Steve, eyebrows raised as his eyes swept down Steve's body. "You didn't ... I mean, can I help you out with that?"
"I know you're itching to follow your next lead," Tony says, trying not to smile too much when Steve looks relieved. Tony knows what it's like; he's a busy man who has dated enough busy people that he understands how hard it can be to make room for personal time. He would be a hypocrite if he complained about some perception of Steve neglecting him.
"You're just dangling Cap as bait," Barton said, his tone ringing with accusation.
," Natasha said sharply.
"I meant as a super power," Steve answers, smiling.
Steve couldn't even bring himself to be offended. Spying was code words and phrases and sneaking out encrypted messages in sheet music back in his day, not becoming a whole other person, and he knew he didn't excel at it. His memory was good, at least, so he didn't think he would have a problem keeping his details straight.
"So," Tony said after a while, startling Steve; Steve thought he had drifted off to sleep. "You're Captain America."
"Over easy, please," Steve said. He glanced down at his palm, remembering the car. "Hey, do you know how I can look up a license plate number?"
"It's okay, sweetheart," Tony says, running a hand along Steve's spine, up between his shoulder blades to press him down into the pillows. "I'm going to take good care of you."
He should probably remove the Iron Man's arm from around Steve's waist, but Tony uses the excuse that the hatch is still open, and Jim hasn't come back up yet with Steve's partner, Bucky.
"I was faking it, Rogers," Tony mumbles. "
had a dust-up with a U-boat, Namor’s crew recovered this from the wreckage.”
"They're fine. Worried about you, Tony." Steve pauses. "It isn't ... it hasn't been the same without you."
Tony glanced shiftily away. “Maybe.”
“My life before this,” Steve explained. “I was a soldier. World War II. On the Allied side, don’t worry.”
The drive into the city from the port takes a while, and after Steve exhausts small talk with the driver - subtly picking the man for information - he lapses into brooding silence.
"Okay," Tony says, and it's ... well, almost suspicious, how easily he lets the subject drop. "Let's get some rest?"
The bedroom is as large as the entirety of the shabby Lowtown apartment. A four-poster bed with a mosquito netting-draped canopy dominates the center of the room. Tony leads the way to the bed and stops at the side.
Natasha seemed to debate it for a moment, then she laughed. “What the hell,” she said. “But I’ve got conditions.”
"Come on," Zemo says. He kneels down gingerly in front of Steve, and reaches up to tug off the hood, revealing Tony Stark's grimly smiling face. His eyes are bloodshot, rimmed with red, and his entire expression has a manic look about it. "I think we're on close enough terms you can call me
Steve raised his eyebrows. “You’re still going to go look for it, aren’t you?”
give me the garage door opener."
Steve hovered over him, a warm and heavy weight, strong enough to hold himself effortlessly on one arm, though, of
"Hmm?" Steve asked, preoccupied in his own right with working his fingertips deeper, pressing them against Tony's prostate.
Tony would be lying if he said he hadn't sort of hoped for this when he came into the kitchen this morning. Maybe he wasn't literally hoping to be pressed up against the counter, springing a semi just from being kissed by Steve, but ... well, it was complicated.
Steve shifted, nervous but eager. “Yeah, I guess I am. What do you say? We can do it, together - and then you won’t have to worry anymore.”
Sternberg raises an eyebrow. "Then you should know I am here in his employ, Commander. I am in Madripoor of my own free will, at the request of Mr. Anthony Stark. Does that satisfy your curiosity?"
"What?" Tony glances down at Steve's hands, wary, but he doesn't pull away.
Steve cursed under his breath; he barely had time to shout for Iron Man before the ceiling came rushing down.
the experience.
"No problem." Steve paused, wracked his brain for a topic of conversation; meeting Tony outside of the school was, of course, ideal. Unfortunately, "that's a lot of cupcakes" was the best that he could come up with.
Barton snorted. "This guy's supposed to be a genius. You think he's gonna lay eyes on Star Spangled Man over there and not put two and two together?"
Steve and Tony were around to enjoy exactly none of it, at the moment.
Tony never did regain consciousness before SHIELD arrived. The last Steve checked, he still hadn't.
about it.
It was somewhere like six months down the road that they started sleeping together, and Tony had put all thoughts of it out of his mind because, well, he had a lot better things to worry about. The matter didn’t spring to mind again until Steve changed the sheets one afternoon after they had sex and, in the wee hours later that night, Tony woke to see Steve creeping out of the bedroom with a laundry bag under his arm, like some kind of domestic vigilante.
"I can't help feeling you're just trying to wear me down," Tony says. "It's not going to work."
"Okay. Have fun."
Steve nods.
"I'm pretty sure I'm willing to take bullets for more people than I'm willing to sleep with," Steve said, smiling wryly. He pushed up the hem of Tony's shirt, and pulled it off when Tony sat up to allow him to remove it.
“Bet he does,” the Hulk said, apparently intent on being contrary.
Tony wore. He tugged them down until he could get a hand around Tony’s cock; Tony groaned and pushed into the strong grip of Steve’s fingers, his own hands fumbling at Steve’s pants, softly cursing between kisses that Steve had chosen to wear more difficult clothes.
"I've got two hands." Steve grins up at him, obviously in a good mood. Those are rarer and rarer these days, with what Steve has been through lately, and Tony is grateful for it, though he isn't certain whether he's the cause, or if a successful mission can take the credit.
Steve intended the searching greeting for Tony, but the mechanical arm reacted instead, its claw opening and closing in a clacking noise. On closer inspection, it seemed to be wearing a pair of felt reindeer antlers, which added a strangely anthropomorphic touch.
, fellas," Tony tries, raising his one good hand in a show of surrender. "Forgive me if I don't salute."
“Captain Namor isn’t a pirate any longer,” Steve says.
Tony is just as handsome as he always was, every inch the dashing playboy, though he has traded out his chinos and boots for a linen suit, and instead of a neat mustache he wears a full vandyke and a few days worth of stubble.
Steve wondered what would happen now, and found the potential outcome too much to consider.
"If an opportunity arises," Natasha said, "then I think you'll know it's time to tell him. It tips things further in our favor if he finds out Stane is watching him. There's no way that looks good."
Natasha slid open the lid on the wooden box Steve had stolen from the castle. It was more of a miniature crate; inside, it was filled with packing materials, which padded a much smaller and very ornate second box. Steve scooted closer to have a better look, as Natasha reached inside and carefully lifted it out.
"I missed you, Tony," Steve answered, his voice soft but serious.
. But all he said next was, “I should let you get some sleep.”
Tony was quiet for a long moment, long enough that Steve had to check he was still awake. “Okay,” he said at last. “The next Galactus contingency plan we come up with, it’ll be together.”
Tony's expression goes unreadable, but he leans in to press their lips together again. He settles himself over Steve and eases a leg between Steve's thighs. Tony's cock is a hard length pressed against Steve's hip, and it only takes a few moments of not quite awkward fumbling before they are moving together.
Jarvis snorts. "Next time, you charge it up fully before a mission or I'll ground you! I'm not your damn nursemaid, to have to keep patching you up like this."
Tony’s biggest problem was this: aside from the whole villainy thing, his biggest character flaw - the thing he was best at, his own well-being be damned - was his tendency to pretend his problems didn’t exist. To be fair, he did run down some more options, he even went through probability numbers and percentages with JARVIS, to see if there was any way around his current conundrum.
Tony accepted the proffered hand and shook it. "Tony. Though ... you already knew that."
"Well, five dollars is a lot to you, I'm sure," Tony teased around a yawn. "You're not accounting for inflation."
read files in my free time, sometimes. But I was updating my file on the Hulk.”
Having Dernier on demolitions makes Tony's life easier, at least; getting a man on the inside to blow out the door is a far sight more subtle than walking up and pounding it down with the armors.
Iron Man raised her chin. “I’ll show you mine if you show me yours, Cap.”
"Not yet. You wanna tell me what the hell happened down there, boss? Von Strucker didn't even put up a fight with us - just laughed his head off like a madman."
Cars were already pouring out of the double driveway and onto the curb in front of the house; Steve had to park two houses down and across the street, and walk the rest of the way. The other houses were oddly quiet, and Steve decided the neighbors must either be away for the holidays already, or maybe attending the party.
"Tony," Steve moans. "
Tony, feeling like everything around him was sliding a little to the left, sagged down until he was sliding to the floor, his legs finally giving up the fight. Steve caught him with a laugh, and proceeded to kiss Tony stupid (even stupider?), letting Tony taste the hints of himself on Steve's tongue.
Steve thinks he must linger a little too long; he glances back at Tony and catches the other man watching him, as if Steve has done something worthy of scrutiny.
An awkward silence hung between them for a few seconds, awkward mostly because Tony didn’t actually feel compelled to break it. Not until he remembered that this guy was in fact a complete stranger, and a possible future foe, if they crossed paths again at a moment when Tony couldn’t pass himself off as an innocent bystander.
“If you ever need some backup from the Avengers,” Tony was saying, “don’t hesitate to let me know.”
Tony blinked. "What is it?"
Anthony snickers, but they take pity on Steve and cease the running commentary at least long enough for Anthony to lift off Steve, though he settles back onto Tony without moving any further.
Tony swallows hard, looking up at Steve. "I've never talked about Howard to anyone," he admits softly. "Not like this."
Steve shifted his weight from one foot to the other, a little self-conscious. "I think it's pretty obvious that I thought we already were -"
"Frank Finlay is long dead," Pepper says. "But my newspaper career is off to the right start. If only my grandmother could see me now - she was a suffragette, you know? I'm the first generation of Potts women born with the right to vote."
Steve maneuvered in and, in spite of the awkward angle, managed to kiss Tony on the lips. "Hmm?" he asked. "Is that okay?"
Well. That was fair. Steve could already tell, from Coulson's stories of Tony's reputation in the community, the way his students and coworkers all spoke fondly of him, and the Christmas party a couple of nights ago, that Tony was a generous sort of person. Steve felt bad, like he was going to be taking advantage. He glanced out into the living room where Natasha and Clint were still asleep, snoring softly, and made his decision.
This time, though, Tony settles back onto his heels and pulls Anthony into his lap, and once they've found something close to a rhythm, Steve reaches up and circles a large hand around Anthony's cock, stroking him in time.
"Shouldn't we get under the covers?" Steve asked, as he sat on the bed again.
After a moment of Steve's silence, Virginia Potts says, "There you have it, Captain. No more war bonds tours for you."
"Yep."
Tony’s lizard brain asked.
Steve took it all like a champ, swallowing and licking and sucking Tony clean. When he was done, he pulled off Tony's cock, helped Tony neatly back into his trousers, and got to his feet to right his own clothes.
"Yeah. I can run it for you when I get back to New York, if you want."
jacket. "You keep getting distracted."
"And you to me, Tony." Steve leans up and kisses Tony again. It's a good way to forget their troubles together for a little while longer.
Steve takes a deep breath and finally jolts himself into action, unbuttoning and removing his own shirt. He toes out of his shoes while Tony unfastens Steve's trousers. When they finally stand naked, facing each other, Tony settles onto the bed and pulls Steve after him.
"You said you knew I was SHIELD," Steve said after a moment of silence had passed between them. "Why did you humor me?"
To Steve's further surprise, Director Nicholas Fury joined them before the meeting commenced.
"I came here looking for you. The men with me thought we were here to search Tony Stark's possessions," Agent Drew says.
Steve catches it deftly, and smiles at Tony before turning his attention back to Anthony. "Is this okay?" he asks.
"I know," Natasha said, smiling serenely as she stepped away. "I was just giving you some strategic pointers."
Tony didn’t want this to end enough that he was beginning to think JARVIS hadn’t been all wrong to suggest telling Steve the truth.
Steve didn’t like to think about that moment, if he didn’t have to. It hadn’t just been Howard Stark refusing to allow his son a soulmate, he had refused to allow some no-name-kid from Brooklyn to have one as well. It was a slap in the face that had changed most of his future choices when it came to relationships.
“Yes, Ms. Potts?”
Tony reached for a slice of some kind of chocolate cake concoction, right as Minion Two responded, “Yes! I went last week.”
“Yeah, yeah. We’ve all heard it. Genius or not, Steve is now suffering from Faux Grief Syndrome, because of you. While he’s been fighting to get his memories back, something else has felt lost to the point that he’s shutting down emotionally.”
A hefty one, for sure. You know — and I can hear my best friend mocking me already for using this term, but — back in
“I’ll meet them upstairs,” Tony told the crew, before going to the elevator that would take him directly to the landing pad at the top of the building.
Bucky became his best friend rather quickly. He also knew a few other retired soldiers and suddenly Steve had
“Jarvis, send him a membership anyways.”
the voice in his head whispered.
“I remember having ten perfectly acceptable showers installed on the gym level.”
But… how do you date someone, and keep such a huge secret about yourself? I always answer if I’m called. How do I explain being gone for days at a time while I’m on a mission? Or if I get hurt?”
“Well… he’s sick? Kinda. It’s hard to explain.”
It felt
An hour later he was back up in the penthouse, looking through his private lab for the specs that he had configured in his last sleep-deprived daze, when JARVIS announced Pepper's arrival. Tony popped his head up over the machine he was tinkering with and frowned at the way Pepper looked. Her hair was a mess, clothes askew, and spots of sweat could be seen. Tony’s eyebrows raised. “Ms. Potts! Have you been doing the dirty?”
Considering no one (aside from a few trusted friends and the highest of higher-ups in the military) knew Captain America’s real identity, it wasn’t actually that strange for SI to go looking for a self-defense instructor and choose a random dude named Steve Rogers. But since
Steve nodded his thanks, grabbing his duffle bag and throwing it over his shoulder as he climbed out of the car. Normally he would go directly to a hotel to drop his stuff, but since his meeting with Stark was before typical hotel check-in, he was stuck lugging his overnight bag with him.
“I keep a pretty low profile. This Cap stuff… I don’t want to deal with the fallout, if it gets out who I actually am. A few select people know, yes, but if the
A day later, JARVIS spoke up while Tony was in the middle of designing his latest prosthetic prototype. “Sir, I have a James Barnes on the line who says he has an urgent message for you in regards to Captain Rogers.”
"Like your soul wants something it's lost," Steve answered, eyes on the floor.
should I care?”
It meant, above all else, that someone out there would love him. They
Tony Stark, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist… despite all of his sordid ‘history’... had never actually had what one would consider ‘marathon’ sex. He had been cursed with a ridiculously long refractory period, even as a teenager, so most of his sex experiences were a ‘one and done’... so to speak.
but he knew that once the moment was up, he was going to have to hold on and enjoy, while Steve went wild.
A couple days later, he was scrounging around the cafeteria when he caught wind of some of the mumblings happening in the line behind him. He had his glasses on, and his beard was a mess (hair too, probably)... and he wasn’t positive when his last change of clothes happened. He had switched out a shirt at one point after an errant oil spill. When had that been?
“Speaking.”
A hand reached up on it’s own accord and scratched at the identical tattoo on Tony’s chest.
“Are you telling me—”
, on their best day), but at least he walked away with Steve’s number and a promise of lunch.
Commander Rogers sat in the backseat of a sleek black town car, en route from LaGuardia International, to downtown Manhattan. Something about flying commercial, rather than on the private jets of SHIELD, always gave him a headache. But with their funding suddenly drastically cut… well, it didn’t make sense to fly the jet 250 miles, just so he could attend a business meeting with his new boss.
him. Bucky owned a gym just down from the VA (and a couple blocks from Steve’s new condo), and when he saw the fight in Steve, he found a purpose for it. So three days a week, Steve taught local women self-defense courses… and the other two days of the work week were spent working with underprivileged kids, teaching self-defense, but also calm breathing techniques and how to handle a bully without violence.
“I believe that is the perfect plan. Cynthia, can you draft up some statements for our public apology and coordinate the press?”
Again.
and Tony started to notice the flaws in the mark on her chest. A line was missing. Another was off-center and crooked.
Tony guffawed, ignoring the bigger picture long enough to argue, “I’m one of the smartest men in—”
“I didn’t—” Pepper crossed her arms over her chest. “I’ve been participating in the self-defense classes. Today’s just happened to run over.”
The @people article is getting a lot of attention.
If it was anyone other than Tony Stark that he was on his way to see, he would be convinced that he could sway the opinion of the person.
"He's a pompous douchebag, Bucky!”
For the next few years, he focused solely on dating people without soulmarks. Sometimes, if the person didn’t know who he was, he could pretend that he didn’t have a mark either. It wouldn’t last long, of course, but it made for easy enough one-night-stands.
Which is probably how he could recognize immediately that Tony was different. Suddenly it wasn't just a feeling… it was an all encompassing emotion that changed every other part of him. It was like the entire world was suddenly brighter.
“I've secured the package.”
. Fate had chosen his perfect soulmate and all he had to do was be patient.
Rogers spent the first day back with the land of the living… in and out of sleep. According to the doctor, he was still on quite a few pain meds, that would keep him drowsy. Even still, Tony felt it was only right — since he was the
The problem with guarding against any soulmate potential… was it started to change the way your brain reacted chemically, to others. Tony had avoided anything and everything to do with the term ‘soulmate’ after his break up with Joanna. Which included all of the research done in the 90’s about how soulmates actually created a large release of dopamine in the brain, when they were in each other’s general vicinity.
Steve had always loved fast and hard. After Howard's brush off in his youth, he had gotten into a few relationships over the years. It wasn't the same, knowing he had a soulmate (and who that person was) but denying himself the real connection of it… Even still, he could, and had, fallen in love before. A few times.
One of his first initiatives as Director of SHIELD was to move the base of operations to his home turf at Stark Tower. He had too many other projects in the works, to just up and move to D.C. on a whim. Plus… well, he hated Washington. It was a cesspool of douchebags. So now SHIELD took up two floors in the tower and Tony could go from his laboratory to his director duties without much effort on his part.
to get things right. It couldn’t be a coincidence that he was already starting to feel more settled, being around Steve. He stepped forward, let the door swing shut, and said, “
But that didn't mean that Steve didn't thoroughly enjoy their evenings together. "Mmm. I was hoping if we woke up early enough there might be time for morning nookie."
He frowned, taking up residence in the doorway. “You remember?”
he thought, then laughed. Maybe it had been a back up plan. If Steve couldn’t convince Tony to get on board with the SHIELD stuff, he could whip out a fake tattoo and start the whole
He was smitten with her. Six months and he bought a ring. He let her do all of the wedding planning — it really wasn’t his type of thing — and listened every night as she went on and on about how perfect things would be.
“They’re here,” one of the medics called, hurrying out onto the landing pad as the back of the jet opened.
“Hey guys.” He waved. Somebody in the back must have fitted him with a microphone. “For those of you that haven't been here before, my name is Steve Rogers and I'm here to teach you all some basic self-defense moves. Do I have anyone willing to volunteer to help out today?”
In the war, Steve had a close group of men that worked with him and had his back through thick and thin. When he woke up, and those men were old and gray, he went searching for kindred spirits and found himself at the local VA.
He meant to ask Pepper about whomever had been hired to teach the self-defense classes, but as soon as he learned about the whole mess, she was off to L.A. for meetings. So Tony asked JARVIS to alert him before the next class, and made sure that he looked like
“Anthony is currently occupied with his studies, I’m afraid.”
When he arrived back at the tower, Romanov cornered him immediately. “We have a problem.”
, is the idea that I could be sitting across from him, ready to interview him, like this is any other Friday afternoon with a celebrity. And listen, this is my
“When I found out the dumbass was doing shit on his own, going all rogue, I told him I wasn't letting him go in alone again. And I'll be damned if I'm going to trust whatever secret military goons they try to assign him!”
Tony rubbed his pointer finger and thumb along his forehead. It wasn’t helping his headache, but at least it made the other voices in the room quiet for a moment. Pepper was there, along with a whole gaggle of PR people and attorneys. All trying to figure out the best steps moving forward.
It was a bad idea.
was the best explanation that Romanov could provide. They had finished the mission and were gathering at the rally point, waiting for Rogers to meet up with them, when a self-destruct sequence had gone off and destroyed the building. Some other members of the team had gotten a few scrapes and dings, but the Commander had taken the brunt of the damage.
“Me?”
A perfectly respectable purchase.
Steve Rogers didn't show up for lunch. Instead, a handwritten apology appeared, stating that Steve had to be back in Brooklyn for his next appointment and only had time to eat on his way.
He did recently come out with that new clean energy initiative. I suppose we could give him some credit for that…
), and Moroccan. He also had to literally be dragged away from the cronut shop — Tony contemplated buying the entire cafe when he saw the pouty look on Steve’s face as they walked away.
"Who also happens to have a reputation for being amazing in bed.”
“Actually we’re coming to you.”
Steve had always thought it was cool to be born just a few short months after Tony Stark was. Their lives were so different, but they were connected by that one small thing. Whenever he had a class that he hated in school, he would think to himself
Tony nodded, because he could understand all of that. And dating Tony Stark wasn’t exactly ‘low profile,’ but… “I hate to point this out, but I wanted to go out with Steve Rogers, not Captain America.”
Cue meeting Captain America for the first time, and I have to spend a long minute finding my voice, while he smiles politely at me.
I have to just start off by saying… I was
“Good point. I guess I can’t see you lecturing Schmidt for foul language.”
Cap paused, shield still at the ready. "Is this some kind of sex thing?”
The nagging voice started a week later when she was getting dressed in his room, talking about how behind she was on payments for her car, trying to figure out how she was going to make it by. It sounded a lot like
Tony dismissed her to go get cleaned up and checked out, before stepping into the observation room to see how the doctor’s were handling Steve’s wounds.
The crazy thing is, you’re owed a lot of backpay when you spend seven decades frozen. Clarabel, my bike, she was my first big purchase after waking up. She reminds me a lot of the bike I had during the war.
Tony had explained. Tikka masala was a winner.
, Mr. Stark.”
with people.
do you have my shield tattooed on your chest?”
“Tony doesn’t like people following him non-stop, so we only use bodyguards for big name events where it’s released ahead of time that he will be somewhere.”
— curse? Oh boy. He’s probably rolling in his grave.”
,” Stark replied, sitting down at the opposite end of the table. When Steve didn’t immediately sit, Stark rolled his eyes. “Come on, Rogers, that stick up your butt will surely be more comfortable if you’re sitting down.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You do know I'm a genius, right?”
Steve pushed to his feet and stood at attention by force of habit. “Mr. Stark, sir. My name is Commander Steve Rogers and I’m here on behalf of SHIELD.”
That seemed reasonable, since Barnes had mentioned the whole thing being an effort for Steve to spread his seed merrily — Tony snorted before quickly shaking his head and motioning to the master bath. “I’m gonna just go get ready? Real fast. I swear. Don’t self-combust, okay? I cannot stress that fact enough. That is a
“Stark?”
to love, ever again.
It was mostly shocking because Steve had just seen Tony
Childhood fantasies that too many people put stock in. Starks don’t have soulmates.”
Steve stared at the colors on Tony's chest, his own hand itching at the identical mark under his clothes. "I remember that too. I went to your house once. Don't remember when or how old I was. Your dad saw me and threatened that if I ever came back, it wouldn't be pretty."
Tony held up one finger.
There, on a rainy Tuesday, he met James Barnes (“Bucky, if you want me to like you.”) — a man that would have fit in with the Howling Commandos like he belonged there. Mostly because he didn't let Steve get away with shit. On more than a couple of occasions, he found Steve out behind a bar kicking ass, and dragged him away. “Righteous punk, still fight like you got somethin’ to prove.”
It was only standing at the gate, that he realized he hadn’t thought too far in advance. What exactly was he supposed to say?
Tony ignored the ache in his chest and focused back on making sure his second-in-command survived the night.
He bit back his own jealousy with a mental reminder that they hadn't had a boyfriend talk yet and weren't technically exclusive. Steve could kiss whomever he wanted.
Well, I bought a house.
“You’ve made Captain America very proud.”
“Without Fury, we are no longer controlled by the government and at their beck and call. So, it has been suggested that you might appreciate taking on the roll of Director, moving forward.”
“Pepper — uh, Ms. Potts — she gives me a lot of shit for allowing things to run in ways that my father had them. To be honest, nothing you said was new. Even the crap about releasing new products when the other ones start to have troubles. Do you know how many times I’ve brought that up in meetings? My name is on the fucking building but all I get to do is research and development.” Stark got quiet for a moment, looking down at his book. Was he… was he reading a romance novel? How had Cap missed that? “I’ve been designing a line of prosthetic limbs, trying to step in and help soldiers in need. I’ve got enough prototypes designed that we could start rolling out a trial period, but Obadiah… uh, Stane.. He didn’t want anything to do with it. Said we weren’t a charity.”
“Try.”
Ease of access wasn’t the only thing that the move garnered. It also meant spending way too much time in the company of one Commander Steve Rogers. Tony had prided himself on giving up serious relationships after the soulmate bullshit from his younger days; and he really
“Wait, how will I—”
Well, I’m not sure it’s fair to say that. We aren’t fighting like back then, but we still have soldiers waking up every morning on foreign soil, laying down their lives to protect our freedom. So I make sure to wake up and think about them. Think about the lives lost, both past and present, and the ones still fighting.
“Hmm?”
Any other time, he might have considered making Steve beg a bit, but what was the point? The man was obviously desperate and in need. And Tony had to admit… seeing that leaking cock twitching while Steve stared at him… well, it was enough to make Tony just as needy.
What…
He gave Bucky directions to the parking garage and back elevator that would lead directly to his level of the tower. When he had hung up with the man, he asked JARVIS to allow them access, before anxiously pulling up the security feeds to watch what was happening. Why was he so nervous? He kept biting back the urge to ask JARVIS of their position — which would be stupid, since he was literally watching a feed of that actual information. He twisted his hands around a dirty rag and shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
Yeah. I think I need to fuck.”
been designed in a lab. And maybe the scientists involved had been more concerned with creating a perfect soldier, but they had inadvertantly also created a perfect porn star.
Seeing Steve Rogers up close was a bit startling. He was like some kind of Greek god. Tony shook off his thoughts of what the guy looked like in bed, in favor of holding his hand out. “Tony Stark.”
It was right about then that he received an alert on his phone in regards to Commander Rogers’ condition. He dismissed the agents and quickly made his way to the med level, where the doctor was waiting for him outside of his patient’s room.
“Stark.”
The elevator dinged and he motioned for the feeds to disappear right as the doors slid open.
“We were in Asia, trying to rescue some kids. When we saved them, the shaman blessed him with fertility. I think the goal was to make him horny for a few hours so he'd go home to his lady and make babies. But Stevie don't have a lady and now his serum is making him hornier than a rabbit.”
We try to make ends meet. Not all of us can be Tony Stark, with our name on a skyscraper, you know?
Ironically, this report comes after a very public bashing on twitter and in People Magazine, by America's favorite hero Captain America, who called out Stark Industries for not having any board members that weren't males over the age of seventy…
The only solution had been to go to the son of their founder and hope that the Stark family still wanted to be in the private military contract business.
Ten minutes later, Cap walked back out of the house, leaving the men tied up in the kitchen for local law enforcement to find after he called it in. Which he wouldn't do until they were far enough away. He didn't want the whole world to know that he was working jobs (especially
His focus went to where Steve sat, leaning casually against the headboard in all his naked glory. Ignoring his suddenly racing heart, Tony raised a curious (and only mildly aggravated) eyebrow.
“Dr. Banner is on level four, participating in a last minute yoga class.”
“But—”
The next time he was lucid, was probably twelve hours later, when the need to pee and drink coffee (one day he was going to install a coffee maker in his bathroom because that long walk to the kitchen without caffeine was absolute hell), became a necessity.
Since the medical floor used to be part of the development labs for SI, a lot of the rooms had large windows to allow for viewing of experiments from a distance. Tony had kept them in tact, figuring that it allowed him and other worried members of the team to keep a close eye on the injured, without getting in the way of the medical staff. And since they weren’t handling the medical needs of the public, they didn’t have to worry about privacy and HIPAA issues.
Probably for all of the wrong reasons. But I will not apologize for my opinions. @Stark and @SI have a lot to be held accountable for.
“I’m not in charge of who gets chosen for the board, you know.”
“Level four, sir.”
“What?” Tony asked in pure confusion.
Tony tried to keep his head turned enough that they wouldn’t realize who he was, and changed his voice a bit as he asked, “Who is Mr. Stark tempting us with?”
Tony held the magazine a little closer to his face — as if seeing it
The next week, he was looking all over the lab for Bruce, and coming up short. Which was
“Put him through, J.”
And considering it wasn’t Steve’s voice coming through the comms, like it normally would be, Tony had a bad gut feeling about the need for medical.
I’ve been doing it for over a decade now! Which means it’s been about nine years and eleven months since I walked into an interview and got starstruck.
“I’m not a saint, Stark. I lived through the worst war in history… of course I curse like a fucking sailor. The Howlies would have given me shit if I didn't.”
“What?” He looked down, to where Steve was pointing, and his shoulders immediately slumped. “Shit.”
"You're thinking too hard," Tony mumbled against Steve's neck.
There were a ton more murmurs around the office, whenever people didn't realize he was nearby. And the gym downstairs that he used on occasion (because it was blissfully quiet and empty)... was suddenly
Even still, he saved face and stuck it out until the whole thing was over and he was following Steve backstage while the auditorium emptied and people went back to their jobs. Once a tech had taken the microphone off of Steve’s shirt, he turned to Tony and smiled. “That was fun. Thanks for participating. I hope you don’t plan to fire me now—”
We are still waiting to hear word from SI's current CEO Virginia Potts, or the namesake of the company Tony Stark, who heads up research and development.
“I know.
Over the next thirty minutes, Tony got laid out on his back more times than he had in the past six months… which was rather disappointing. By the time it was all over, he was sore in places he never thought he could get sore in, and seriously regretting the decision to volunteer as guinea pig.
From there it was a lot of mumbo-jumbo and ‘hey person do this’, so Tony helpfully tuned out, until Pepper gave him a look that clearly said he had permission to leave.
“Bucky.”
Suddenly the smile on Steve’s face turned genuine, and he was beckoning Tony across the room. After a soft kiss was placed on the shield, Steve looked up, and his voice changed
if you’d like to have lunch…”
Tony Stark was
Tony got distracted suddenly by a flash of color on Rogers’ chest. He hadn’t been aware of the Commander having any tattoos. Out of curiosity — and to avoid looking at the bloody, messy wounds that were being uncovered — Tony looked to one of the camera monitors and fiddled with the controls to get a better view of the tattoo.
The first time they slept together, was the first time he saw her tattoo. In the dark of a dorm room it looked perfect and made his heart stutter.
Cap rolled his eyes. “No. Captain America is a persona used to protect an identity. The man he protects is gay.”
For most people, it would have been no big thing.
I want someone to find a good self-defense instructor and everyone in the building who would like to learn will get a free lesson. So that the next time one of these dicks thinks they can touch a woman without consent… she can kick his ass.”
“I don’t think Captain America is part of the Tony Stark fanclub,” Pepper replied.
He pulled the jacket up around his neck, realizing belatedly that he was being an idiot and making weird excursions in the dead of winter.
That smirk was still in place, looking a little more sinister by the minute. Steve nodded, turning to step onto a mat and face the audience. Tony gave him a breath, before moving up and wrapping his arms around Steve's neck from behind. There was some talking to the audience — at which point Tony’s attention was completely focused on cuddling the strong muscles of Steve’s back, rather than actually listening to what was being said. It couldn’t be that important, right? Because Tony was way too distracted by the sweat and deodorant scent on Steve's skin. Old Spice? Mmm— oh shit.
“Please, Buck!” Was the first thing said. Steve's voice was a whimpering plea.
A large, fancy town car pulled up next to him. Steve turned to look, hair falling a bit in his face as he watched the black car roll to a stop and the rear window roll down.
“Like the powers that be would let me leave their presence without all of my fake papers.” Cap snorted. “But laws and I never got along well in the past. Liking dick in the 30s wasn’t exactly state approved.”
Tony climbed out from behind his machine and straightened, ignoring the pops along his spine as he stretched. “Maybe you should have considered that when you went for a little midday hanky-panky?”
Tony blinked, looking over to the other man. He had consistently thought that Steve Rogers was one of the strongest men he’d ever met — just being around him showed that without a doubt. But the man laying in that bed looked so small and weak. “Tony.”
On day sixteen, he finally got another text.
when he finally went down to see what all of the fuss was about.
"I get that. But you have to… you have to work with me here. Give me time to adjust to all of this." He scraped a hand over his face. "Fuck. I'm still your damn boss. And how is the public going to react if I say I've met
Two weeks later, Tony Stark started noticing some odd things happening around his company.
Was it really his fault if the SHIELD uniforms were particularly good at accentuating an ass?
would make the words more believable — and felt a glare creasing his forehead. “Does he really spend half of this article bitching about me?”
“You mean my
No wonder the place was full.
What a fucking shame. More people needed to admire Steve Rogers, because the Cap persona didn’t deserve all of the love.
Lunch took over four weeks to happen. And even then, it was more of a mid-afternoon ‘I’m not busy wanna grab pho?’ thing. Followed by a ‘Steve, seriously, you don’t know what pho is? Welcome to the new century.’
To say he was shocked would be an understatement.
And you decided to blow him off with a nicely worded letter? That's not the type of 'blowing off’ you do with a guy like Tony fucking Stark, Steve!”
Thankfully, when he got inside, the secretary took pity on him and offered to store the bag, before giving him directions to the conference room where his meeting would be held. The room was empty when he arrived — not surprising, since he was about twenty minutes early — and he opened up his tablet to go over any necessary emails while he waited.
Choosing to set that thought aside in favor of action, Steve ran toward the cockpit and launched himself into one of the seats, as Black Widow joined him in the other pilot’s seat and took the controls with the kind of confidence that further cemented Steve’s theory.
“Steve.” Tony rolled his eyes. “You sang my praises inside an
was the library of a school struggling with budget cuts. There were so many books of different lengths and colorful covers lining the shelves, and a bank of well-kept computers lined a wall.
Steve frowns, but steps back. "I'll run a bath," he says. "You can join me."
"Okay," Steve said, his tone clearly at a loss for why that should have meaning.
A woman.
Tony stared at Steve for a long, solemn moment, and Steve stared back, searching Tony’s troubled expression, trying to reassure.
“Yeah, how about not pulling a stunt like that again,” Quill said. “You know what it’s like to look outside and see the Herald is someone you know? You nearly gave us a heart attack, and that was
JARVIS brought the light on the nightstand up to a higher setting, and Tony settled in with the pizza, eating ravenously once he got started. Ever so often, he sneaked a glance at Steve, until Steve finally shifted uncomfortably and asked, “What?”
There was a photo from the hospital on the front page of the newspaper the next morning, of Tony in the hospital, moments after hearing the news: hastily dressed, hair still wild from bed, in shoes without any socks. It ran along with harrowing images from the crash scene, and respectable black and white portraits of Howard and Maria Stark.
Steve quirked an eyebrow. “You mean, all in a day’s work for ...”
Steve decides to sweeten the pot, even so. "Jim is making arrangements to transfer out of Paris. You're going to need a Stark Labs facility in Madripoor for him to transfer to."
Steve's nicest suit paled in comparison to even the more casual ones that Tony wore, though, and Steve developed a bit of a fascination with glimpsing Tony in his different outfits. Grays and blacks and blues, pinstripes and sharkskin and even checkers appeared. Nothing came off the rack; all of the bespoke suits were perfectly tailored to Tony's body, trim at the waist, jacket sleeves falling to show the ideal half-inch of shirt cuff, trousers perfectly hemmed to accommodate the baffling lift shoes that Tony oftentimes wore.
, are doppelgangers.
The Commandos split up for this mission; Dernier, Dugan, and Falworth with Tony and Jim, and Barnes and Jones with Steve. Tony personally thinks Steve could have used a little more support, but he insisted they would be fine with Jones as radio man and translator, and Steve is always confident with his best friend at his back.
It was rude, but Steve understood.
. "I didn't die when the plane crashed," he said, trying to keep the explanation as short and neat as possible. "I was just ... frozen. What one of the doctors called suspended animation, I guess."
To stall for time, he sent back:
Christmas was a beautiful time in New York, and traditionally a quiet holiday, in that even supervillains tended to take a few days off; it was likely that many of them actually had families to spend time with. The same could even be said of a few superheroes: Jan went home for the holidays (well ... "home" was subjective; her family was from Manhattan, but the Van Dynes were spending Christmas in the Catskills) and took Hank with her; Storm accepted T'Challa's invitation to the winter celebrations in Wakanda; and Spider-Man went off to spend Christmas with an aunt and the girlfriend he insisted he had. Even Wolverine had roamed off to see the other X-Men.
"That's still weird to get used to," Tony answered. He finished off the last few bites of his donut and licked the sticky icing glaze from his fingertips.
"Tony, maybe we should let him get settled in a little first," Steve says, apparently more conscientious of Stark's nudity beneath the thin sheet Tony draped over him earlier than either of the Tonys are.
Natasha bit back a sigh; letting Clint
Cedar Falls was quaint, more town than city, especially in comparison to New York. It was the sort of place where Steve might have imagined settling down when that kind of thing was still on the table for him (and if he ever could have brought himself to leave Brooklyn, which admittedly wasn't likely).
He throws himself forward as he hears the bullet singing toward them, and tackles Sternberg to the floor. A split second later, the round embeds itself in the wall, just where Sternberg's head would have been. The scientist's gun falls from his hand in the scuffle, sliding across the floor and out of reach.
, given not only his advanced hearing, but his proximity to Tony’s seat.
For reasons Natasha hadn't yet been able to fully determine, Clint had never quite warmed up to Steve the way that everyone else had. She didn't like not having a full handle on a situation, but contenders for the prize were jealousy that Coulson's idol was constantly around, or that Clint was simply being obstinate and refusing to like Steve because everyone else
"Hmm?" Steve shifted drowsily. "Yes."
Tony or otherwise bring him to justice - but it was challenging for Steve in his own way.
"I have." Namor looks distinctly smug, to have gained the upper hand in their conversation. "I'm the one who took him to Madripoor."
Steve glanced again at the notes on the table: a sketch of Dr. Spectrum using his powers, equations Steve could not begin to understand, and the image of a letter ‘A’ with a circle around it, crossed with an arrow, that sparked something strange inside Steve’s own mind.
, or have you forgotten that inconvenient part of yesterday evening where you were - oh, I don't know -
"Did I mention he's really sappy?" Tony adds,
"Wow," Tony said.
"Hey, baby," Tony said, propping his hip against a washing machine and trying not to sound as out of breath as he felt. "Come here often?"
Steve looks down at their hands. "Tony ..."
Tony's eyes met Steve's in the reflection, but he quickly looked away. "That's ..." he began, hesitating before he finished, "... flattering, Steve."
Steve paused, turned around. "Yeah?"
Whatever this was, it probably needed further analysis. But there was plenty of time for that later; letting this be their little secret for now, well, that wouldn't be so bad.
Tony is too absorbed in his intense concentration on the moment to add much to their conversation. When Anthony begins to squirm with impatience, though, Tony finally pulls back to prep himself, rolling on a condom and adding what is probably an obscene amount of lube, but he wants to make sure everything goes smoothly - literally and figuratively.
"Your father was also an inventor?"
Tony fell back onto the bed after a moment, tugging Steve along with him. They got a bit tangled up as they tried to situate themselves without breaking away from the kiss. Steve finally gave up the kiss as a lost cause and pulled away with a soft, frustrated laugh. Tony was laughing, too, as he took the opportunity to settle himself more comfortably, head dropping back against the pillows.
Tony sits back on his heels, watching as Steve carefully slicks his fingers and uses them to work Anthony open, a digit at a time in a gradual stretch that Tony knows well from his own experiences. Tony interferes only once, to help Steve roll on the condom, then he settles in and watches again as Steve begins to slide inside. Steve doesn't stop until his hips are flush against Anthony's ass, a goal aided by the way Anthony presses back against him.
"Ahh, isn't it, though." Anthony sighs, something wistful in the sound.
The fact that Captain America had an office in Avengers Tower was a well-kept secret, known only to a handful of people. Steve liked to insist it was more like a study, but given his tendency to retreat there to review battle footage or read reports, Tony felt the term office held up to scrutiny. The door was ajar when Tony got there, and he nudged it open a little further, expecting to find Steve there. He wasn’t disappointed; Steve was sitting on the squashy couch in the corner, reading something on his StarkPad.
Steve completely misses - or willfully ignores - the sarcasm, because he answers, “That might not be a bad idea.”
"I haven't even been here five minutes and you're trying to get my clothes off," Tony complained, though he followed the words by shrugging out of his coat and handing it off to Steve.
There are footsteps on the staircase now, shortly followed by someone throwing their weight against the door. The door itself is already shaking on its hinges, and isn't likely to hold much longer.
"And how can you be so sure?" Tony snaps. There's no mistaking the bitterness in his tone. He tosses back his entire drink and sets the glass down on the table with a clink.
To Steve's surprise, Tony answers the door himself.
Steve flushed again; this time it was from embarrassment.
"Not cool, man."
Steve raised his head and smiled. “I should be the one thanking you, Tony. You gave me a home, a place to belong, and a new family. It means the world to me.”
Apparently satisfied by what he sees, Sternberg steps aside and waves Steve into the house.
“I’ve been kind of a one man show all these years,” Tony said slowly.
Steve wasn't sure what to say to that, so he didn't contribute anything else; he knew better than to get carried away divulging his cover story to Tony, who had no real reason to
Even still, Tony laughed, looking at the stack. "Yeah," he agreed. "They're for my students."
“Do we know this guy?” Tony wondered.
"Yeah." Tony laughed softly. "Why, you worried about me, Steve?"
To one corner of the area, though, nearly in the shadows, is a piano. And at the piano, a man is perched on the bench, the curvy silhouette of a dame on his lap, the two of them wreathed in smoke.
EMP ... and that’s assuming he takes our bait to begin with.”
Cap offered a gloved hand and hauled Iron Man to his feet. "Can you fly?"
Not having done any research on the address the night before, Steve was forced to put the car's GPS system to use in finding Tony's house. He was a little surprised when the path took him out of the central area of the town, through a sparser residential region, and along the waterfront of a lake. It stood to reason, Steve supposed, that an eccentric billionaire in hiding would have the best house that was reasonable under the circumstances.
"It's okay," Tony says. He wonders if he should ask whether Anthony wants to talk about it, but Tony really should avoid getting any more tangled in the lives of their alternates than he already is. "But, look, I'm beat. I'm gonna head up to bed. Come on, I'll show you to your room."
Tony doesn't know what to say, can't think of any eloquent way of handling it, so he just offers softly, again, "I'm sorry, Steve."
"No one has any reason to suspect Captain Rogers is still alive - and youthful - except for us."
"Yeah," Tony agreed, still having difficulty finding words for what they just did. He decided to follow Steve's lead and leave it, for the time being. "Um."
The address leads Steve back to a pleasant, quiet area of Hightown, where businesses bleed off gradually into a residential neighborhood. The houses are more like villas there, perched with a lovely view of the beach in back and beautifully landscaped gardens in front.
Thor flew from the craft and Hulk dropped out to plummet to the ground beneath. Steve was in limbo as he watched, torn between being awed by the powers of the Asgardian in person, as Thor summoned a wind tunnel around them, and feeling that the entire thing was ... desperately familiar. Like Tony said: an itch that Steve just couldn’t scratch.
Someday, Steve wanted to take Tony apart like this, with just the slow and teasing touch of his fingers; he was sure he could make Tony come just from this, given how close Tony was, when Steve hadn't even touched his cock, yet. But Tony had different needs from sex and intimacy, especially after a rough day like today, and Steve knew Tony would appreciate more of a connection, the comfort and closeness of their bodies moving together with Steve inside of him.
Natasha gave him a wry look. "It's my job."
War began to spread across Europe.
wind up having a spirited competition to see who can capture the best and most patriotic images of Cap and Iron Man together on the field of battle. Sales for both publications soar, and the division that prints Captain America's official comic book begins negotiations for inclusion of Iron Man in the tales of the Star-Spangled Man.
Agent Coulson went on to give Steve and Natasha the details of their available cover; the job openings were for a guidance counselor and a librarian. Natasha quickly claimed guidance counselor, which Steve was secretly relieved over, given he didn't consider himself a very good choice for giving advice to young people.
"I did a little poking around Madripoor after you left," Tony admits. "Found a warehouse, where Vennema had all kinds of tech stored. Ingoing and outgoing. She had a lot in there: A.I.M. gear, Hydra stuff, even a few pieces built on old Stark International patents. You should be relieved we took her down before she got a chance to move it all."
"You were in the bar," he says.
Steve snorted softly. "He
(Jarvis was kind enough to hang the 'do not disturb' sign on the door of the den.)
"As always," Tony said, "you make a very good point."
"Shouldn't we take more time to plan this?" Steve asked, distress clear in his voice.
Steve exited the program - which mostly seemed like a more entertaining way to keep organized than the default utilities that came on his phone - after a few minutes, and went back to the online store for Tony's other app. Unlike JARVIS, Tiny Robots was free by default, though it seemed to have the option to purchase an advertising-free 'deluxe' version. It too was highly rated, and had an even higher number of total downloads than JARVIS.
Tony set the bag of takeout down on the coffee table and began unloading containers. "Yeah?"
“Seriously, though,” Tony pressed. “Why
"And exactly no one walked in," Tony said, rolling his eyes. "The security camera over there in the corner might be a problem, but it’s okay - what is that, tech from the 90’s? It’s not even digital, I could disassemble that in my
Steve raised an eyebrow. "You were the one just asking to see my bedroom."
Tony was apprehensive - he didn’t like for anyone to touch the device that sat in his chest keeping him
got to start thinking of him as
A born cynic, Tony suspects their adoring public would be far less thrilled if they knew what Steve Rogers and Tony Stark got up to behind the scenes, but that's their little secret to keep.
"Well," Natasha said mildly, when Steve caught up to her again. "It seems like for a bunch of teachers, they know how to throw a party." She looked amused, but on second glance Steve noticed she was wearing her coat.
"No," he says, and as much as it wounds his pride to do so, "don't,
“Steve,” Tony panted out, reaching up with both hands to grab at Steve’s hips, then his ass, dragging him down closer.
“I’d like to join you on that adventure,” Steve said. Only a little tentatively, he reached out and took her hand. It was warm now, the chill from earlier driven away; her palms were soft and her fingers callused from hard work.
This, Steve was not shy about; in fact, Steve was actually shy about very little, and then usually just silly and seemingly inconsequential things. He
"Surrender, Captain!" Madame Hydra demands, raising her pistol to bear. "You may be durable, but we'll see if you can survive a bullet to the head."
"That was amazing," he said.
Steve placed Tony's coat on the hook next to his own, and nodded down the hallway. Tony followed as Steve led the way to his bedroom, though Steve stepped aside after pushing open the door, to allow Tony to enter first.
"I'd say you know me well," Anthony admits, "but at this point your intuition is just cheating."
"I want to help you," Steve says. "You can come home."
Tony started a little, like he had been dozing, but turned to give the console his attention as the screen flared to life. Steve watched as a smile spread over his face.
would feel if he could watch two Steves going at it.
Tony flips up the faceplate on the armor. "Still, I'll take you flying any time you like, Steve."
Tony eases himself closer to the edge of the bed, and he reaches out, stroking his hands down Anthony's sides, rumpling his borrowed clothes. Steve takes a step forward and Anthony a step back, and finally they're close enough for Tony to press himself against Anthony's back. He tips his head down and kisses Anthony's neck, his hands roaming further down to hook in the waistband of his pajama bottoms. They're easy enough to slide down, and Tony is pleased to find that, much like himself, his alternate doesn't wear anything
"Me, too," Steve admits with a little smile. He doesn't tell her that he's hardly stopped thinking of Tony since the day he met the man.
Maybe, Steve thinks, if he can keep Tony sober today, he'll stand a better chance at getting clarification.
"We've got the perimeter secured," she said. Her expression softened as she knelt down beside Steve and Tony, eyes assessing Steve's injury. "Medics are on the way."
