There are no lights on except for a small lamp behind the man. It casts a weak yellow glow across the table it sits on, but it does nothing to illuminate the man’s lightless view.
“Stop! This isn’t you!” Steve choked out, clutching his stomach as he knelt on the ground, gasping.
“Yeah, a good station would be nice,” Tony echoed as he entered the decorated room.
“Steve. Report.” Tony commanded, his heart clenching in worry.
“I’m sorry I was so rough with you, I didn’t know who you were at first,” Tony lifted one side of his lips in a small smile. “But now as I look at you, I realize I was pretty blind not to recognize Captain America. You look pretty much the same, and when you’re ready, I’d love to hear what you meant about being found in ice.”
“Aww, I’m flattered, darling,” Tony drawled as Darcy chuckled.
Steve let a raspy laugh escape his lips. “It sure has been hard. I was at your funeral this morning, and that’s when Pepper and Happy gave me this box that you—” Steve stopped to correct himself. “Sorry, you just look exactly like him. My Tony had left a box for me. He gave me a chance to either travel back to my time or go be with you in an alternate dimension. Which is how I ended up here. He said Captain America was never found in the ice here, so I thought it was worth a shot.”
Steve sat, speechless. Of all the things he expected Tony to say, this was more than he could’ve ever hoped for. “You mean it?” Steve asked, his heart thrumming wildly in his chest.
“Tony, it’s Steve. Steve Rogers? Captain America?” Steve tried again, desperation creeping into his voice.
Steve Rogers, the guy who saved cats out of trees. Who was known as the friendliest guy on campus. Voted “kindest person” in high school (yes, Tony went to high school with him, so he would know). And a very talented art major.
“Ohhhhh, is that what’s in the box? That makes more sense now!” Steve gave Sam a slightly annoyed look at his being interrupted.“Whoops, continue, man, I swear I won’t interrupt again.” Sam grinned.
Steve sat down on the worn gray couch he had seen when he had entered the workshop. He leaned back into the soft cushions as he watched Tony flit around his workspace. This was his second chance, and he was going to do everything in his power to make it count.
“If you’re all done gaping at Steve, I’ve got other people that need their makeup done, buddy,” Darcy interrupted, lightly pushing Tony out of the chair.
“Okay this is not coming out as smoothly as I wanted it to, but I’ve been meaning to ask you this since high school, and if you don’t want to, it’s fine, but I was just wondering, uh,” Steve stammered, a splotchy blush extending across his face despite the gray makeup still on him.
Steve set him down outside the box and dropped his arms from where they had been around Tony. He stepped back carefully, still politely smiling at Tony. “Ready to go?” Steve asked, his face revealing no discomfort at having been so close to Tony a few seconds ago.
“I mean, I was hoping it’d look more on the side of terrifying and grotesque, but spooky works too, I guess,” Tony quipped.
Steve’s heart clenched painfully. A video? For him? Why? “Really? He...for me?” Steve stammered awkwardly.
“Nah, like I said, the scarier the better. I told my friends to come to this haunted house event, so if I can freak them out with my face, I’d be pretty stoked,” Tony assured her.
“Cap! There you are! Okay, so, before we get into the specifics of the mission, I thought I’d quickly give you something you might need.” Steve furrowed his brows in confusion as the man picked up a black circular case off the floor near his feet, holding it out to Steve.
The Avengers alarm had gone off in the tower, indicating that a threat of some kind was occurring outside. Tony, who was the leader of the team in this world, had had JARVIS inform everyone that they had five minutes to suit up before they departed.
Tony grinned, his stomach flipping as Steve complimented him. “Thanks, you did really well on the see-saw too,” Tony offered awkwardly. “Very good, uh, see-sawing?”
“Okay, wow, thanks for getting rid of the only entertainment I’ve had in like two hours,” grumbled Tony, leaning on the side of his box.
Tony sighed, looking over at the other scare actors at his station. “Hey, does anyone want to switch with me? My entire body is killing me, and I feel like how Steve looks, in other words, dead as all hell,” Tony complained stretching his sore back.
“Well, since I’m the only person here right now, I guess it’s my job to stick with you,” Tony replied, turning around and walking towards the door. Steve stiffly rose from the chair and followed the shorter man out the door.
“My happy ending? I’m sorry, I’m a little confused—” Steve was cut off by Pepper hugging him.
The kiss seemed all too short, and Steve regretted the loss of contact, missing the way Tony’s lips tasted like a delicate mixture of coffee and mint.
Steve flinched at the familiar nickname but calmly interrupted the man’s rambling. “Tony, it’s fine. Honestly, I don’t mind saying I’m from a different dimension. It’s best to just tell the truth. I’m just grateful you’re here and that you trust me, I know this isn’t an easy situation to accept,” Steve warmly smiled at the man standing across from him.
Tony gave him a sardonic smile. “That’s where the good news ends, Cap. I’m being targeted by an old enemy of mine, and SHIELD and the team has put me on lockdown until they can find and eliminate the threat. Which means they don’t want me flying around as Iron Man.”
“What? Seriously? That’s fucking crazy!” Clint whooped, pumping his fist in the air. “This mission just got a hell of a lot more interesting.”
“Did you scare your friend?” Tony asked, carefully stepping around the puddle at the bottom of the first flight of stairs.
“Why are you taking me in so easily? I mean, I’m essentially a stranger to you. The team, well, your team, they—it’s like I’m an old friend, not some person from another dimension,” Steve said, following Tony as they arrived in the workshop.
“That’s who she’s been busy trying to disintegrate,” Tony informed him, letting his arm drop from around his waist. “Now what’s the plan, Cap?”
“Holy shit! So you’re practically a professional,” Tony raised his eyebrows.
“Is this a code green?” Bruce spoke up. Steve grimaced. Bruce in this world had not yet combined the Hulk and himself, so there was no telling what damage the Hulk could do.
“Well, I’m willing to bet you have more of an understanding of what I actually need, so I think I’ll just let you take the reins,” Steve grinned at the engineer.
“So,” started Tony at the same time as Steve said “Hey.”
“So you could find the me of that world and since it’s not the me from this dimension… I know, it’s confusing,” Tony paused to laugh and shook his head. “But, yeah, since it’s not actually me, I won’t know you as anything beyond the fact that you’re Captain America. Yet, it gives you a chance to, well, if you wanted and if you felt the same way about me as I do you… it gives you a chance to be with me.” The engineer hesitated for a few seconds, his face conflicted.
“Tony! It’s nice to see you,” Steve warmly replied, turning his head to smile at Tony. “Your makeup looks very spooky.” Steve awkwardly added.
The kiss was gentle, sweet, and better than Steve had ever imagined it could be. He melted into the kiss, his one arm curling around Tony as Tony wrapped his arms gently around Steve’s neck.
“Then call him. Figure things out.”
“So, got any ideas in particular for your look?” his assigned makeup artist asked him, breaking him out of his thoughts.
who he was.
The other man raises his hand in a stop signal as Tony begins to take a step forward.
“Oh, right, sorry, continue,” Sam grinned sheepishly.
The funeral was a beautiful affair; something Tony would have really appreciated. Steve stood watching the wreath drift across the lake, the ache in his heart intensifying with every passing second.
He looked
Steve chanted in his head as he continued to struggle against the stranger who masqueraded as Tony. But the struggle was futile as he felt the heavy weight of the gauntlet slip over his arm.
The magic struck Steve in the chest at the same time Tony ripped the necklace off her, but all Steve could process was the sudden throbbing pain in his chest and the way black spots were suddenly appearing before his eyes. He slumped to the ground when the chest pain spiked, the air leaving his lungs with the force of his fall.
An hour and a half later, and Tony was beyond miserable. Strike that about this being a decent station, it was a decent station for probably everyone
“So, you got the Captain America uniform on under that suit?” Clint asked, changing the topic once again.
“Hush! People are coming!” Natasha scolded him, a menacing edge to her voice. Tony shut his mouth, and waited for Clint’s shriek.
Natasha gave a quick nod and Clint gave a whoop as he waved back. “Have fun with your newfound freedom!” Clint yelled as Steve and Tony left the room.
“Any particular method you got recommended?” Natasha’s voice crackled over the comms.
“Practice makes perfect,” Tony mumbled as Darcy outlines his eyes with black eyeliner.
“If you wanted to win over my heart, I think you did that with your smile alone,” Tony whispered, his breath hitching as Steve leaned forward.
Which was something Steve definitely didn’t need to know.
“The antidote worked?” Tony’s eyes gleamed in anticipation.
Darcy snorted, shaking her head at him. “Not quite, but I try,” She dipped the sponge in the face paint again, now starting to cover the left side of his face. “It unfortunately doesn’t pay the bills, so I’m here getting a political science degree. But I’m currently drowning in my physics classes, so that’s super great.”
As flimsy as the cover story may have sounded, the press conferences went flawlessly and the public bought the story. After all, stranger things had happened besides an old war hero being found in ice.
“Steve.” Tony utters the single name, knowing that Rhodes would immediately understand the meaning.
Steve ducks his chin, eyes once more turning back to the floor as if he couldn’t bear to meet Tony’s eyes.  As his head tilted down, his hands slowly came up as he gestures back and forth between the two of them.  "I've seen who you take to these shindigs, Tony,” he starts, his voice hesitant.  “I'm a little less... feminine... than your usual date."
Tony finally steps away from the power grinder and places the metal plate to the side.  It takes him a moment to turn back and face Steve, but he takes his glasses off his face as he pivots.  His eyes seem to be searching for...something, but for the life of him Steve can’t figure out what that something is.
they stumble into some sort of effortless synergy that’s hard to replicate elsewhere.
"There we go," Tony breathes against Steve’s cheek. "That's better."
Steve grins sheepishly, and his hand comes up to rub the back of his neck.  “Sorry about your door, by the way.  I don’t think I apologized for that yesterday.”
“Because I think it’s worth hearing.  If you’d like to share that is.”  He’s not exactly sure what the protocols are for soliciting a computer’s opinion, but he’s pretty sure that whatever’s going to offer contains his usual level of insight.  After a moment, the clipped British voice begins speaking.
“Over a thousand dollars for a phone?!”  Christ, he’s never going to get used to inflation.  Still, even adjusting for his antiquated conception of money, that still seems a ridiculously high amount to pay for a cell phone, no matter what it can do.
“So everything’s okay?” Steve asks.
“I just didn’t know…” he stops himself, unsure of how to phrase the question. “Are we talking a Darth Vader situation or can you live without the helmet?”
“Sorry to disappoint.”
“JARVIS,” he begins in the most innocent sounding tone possible, “would you be willing to help me pull one over on Tony?”
“What part of ‘not talking’ did you not understand...Oh shit, that does nothing.  Throw the hammer!”
Sent: Saturday, February 11, 2:55 PM
“Pardon me, Sir,” JARVIS’ voice interrupts from the ceiling, “but the glaziers are here to install the replacement glass for your door.  Should I direct them to the lab?”
it and redirects the energy.  The process slows him down for a second, but this thing just seems to get stronger with whatever we throw at it.”
Iron Man pauses. “I just never got the feeling that you liked Tasha all that much.”
After all, if you take away the soldier, all that’s left is the relic.
“Sure,” he answers faintly for lack of a better response.  “No problem.”
“If you’ve got a good enough memory for faces you can pick the actors the production company hires to play multiple characters. There’s this one actor who they must particularly like because he's played at least six different characters. Like, was no one else available? Could you not throw a rock outside the studio and hit another random actor?”
Okaaaay.  Technically that’s true, but Steve was sure as hell doing a whole lot more than ‘responding.’  The man is pushing it with the evasions.  He’s about to reply when the phone buzzes again.
Steve smiles.  “Sure.”  Then to Tony’s ultimate surprise, Steve inches closer and lets the tip of his index finger brush against Tony’s own in an obvious invitation.  He wraps his fingers around Steve’s, trying desperately not to freak out about
“I’m alright,” he answers, back though the pause is too long for Steve’s comfort.  “I don’t know if he’s alien or not, but the guys shoots electricity out of his hands, and not in the friendly way that I do.”
Given the sheer volume of things in the room, it takes him a moment to locate Stark, but finally he catches sight of the inventor fiddling with some sort of hologram.  His hands flash quickly, causing the floating blue images to expand and contract with the pinch of his fingers.  It takes a moment for Steve to break away from the sight, but eventually he moves toward what he assumes are sliding doors and knocks on the glass.
It’s the Iron Man armor.  Tony’s working on the Iron Man armor.
Steve takes a moment to wonder exactly what JARVIS deems ‘confidential’ because it seems like he just disclosed a lot of information, if in an admittedly roundabout way.  If JARVIS is to be believed – and he’s learned to always believe JARVIS – Tony feels
“Emergency protocols insist that in the event of her injury, Ms. Stark be taken to a secure medical facility. I have the appropriate personnel en route to the tower as we speak.
“Wait, are you just now figuring this out?” Natasha adds, looking at her partner with skepticism plastered over her face.
And just like that, the process of spreading cream cheese with a cheap plastic knife seems fundamentally less important.  He tries to keep his voice level as he replies, “Are we talking bike as in bicycle or bike as in…”
,” Steve spits.  “It doesn’t fix things.”
She initially thinks it’s great that there’s going to be not two, but
“Supernatural being,” Natasha answers crisply.  “We’ve got calls coming in saying that someone in Central Park is bringing the sculptures to life.”  It takes Steve a second to process that.  “Bringing sculptures to life?  Why?  What do they want?”
Except the same thing happened the next day.  And the next.  And the next.  Every day when Tony left the lab, he’s met with Rogers’ “Is this a good time?” and every morning when he came down, Rogers was there with his “How about now?”  He didn’t think such innocuous phrases could sound so infuriating, but those particular combinations of words are now a sure-fire way to set him off.
.  Smash hit of 1997, the start of Leo and Kate’s respective film careers, and an impressive eleven Academy Award wins.  You’ve got lots of great one liners in this one: look Jack, I’m flying, draw me like one of your French girls, never let go.  The thing’s full of solid need-to-know info.  Word of warning though, you’re allowed one and only one free pass on the song.  If I catch you singing, humming, or quoting the damn thing more than once, I will not be responsible for my actions.”
“Exactly.”
Steve bursts through the rooftop door, shield at the ready, just as Thor utters his last warning.  For a moment, he cannot see anything past the rubbish scattered all over the rooftop.  There’s a clothesline and a satellite dish and a rooftop garden and tons of other things that block his vision and detract from chaos, not to mention the roof is partitioned into two different height levels with a concrete wall in-between.  He can hear the chaos coming loud and clear through the com link, but he can’t see the origin of the noise.
“Yes!” Tony shouts from beside him.  “Those arrows are aluminum tipped.  The force field probably doesn’t have that great of an effect on them.”
“Top floor please, JARVIS.”  The elevator swiftly transitions upward without any of JARVIS’ usual commentary, and it only takes a couple of moments for the doors to open on the penthouse suite.
“Minutes, sir. Both Iron Man and Ms. Stark are on route to the tower.”
that finally brings him in.  He doesn’t know what strings Stark had to pull to make that happen, but knowing that the powers that be can’t have him arbitrarily arrested under the guise of public safety gives him a measure of security that he hasn’t had in a long time.  He’s under no illusions that he’s not being watched, but better the enemy you know then the enemy you think is lurking behind the bushes, and the temporary illusion of security and Stark’s promise of a lab space is a much better offer than anything else in his immediate future.
Stark catches her staring.  Her eyes testify to her bone-deep exhaustion and that cut above her eyebrow probably needs stitches.  Still, Stark raises her sandwich, nods her head, and salutes with her surprisingly-savory victory meal, managing to look pull off smug and self-satisfied despite the dirt.
“You lose your alarm clock?” he asks in a voice that’s supposed to be humorous but comes off a tad too close to accusatory.
“I did try to warn you, Sir.”
“Then down please, JARVIS.”
“Everything is satisfactory.  I will initiate your descent.”
Even though he’s still learning the ins and outs of modern technology, what Stark’s describing sounds amazing, even by 21st century standards.  “That sounds amazing,” he tells the inventor, both sincerely impressed by Stark’s claim and desperate to keep the conversation rolling.  Anything beats the tense silence they’ve maintained for the past two weeks.  “Has that ever been done before?”
Steve still isn’t quite sure what to make of Phil Coulson.
I doubt you wanted us smearing that all over SHIELD headquarters.  Not to mention the fact that it was disgusting and got
Steve’s so wrong it’s almost laughable, but Tony lets the point pass.  He shifts mentally, and tries desperately to think about Steve and the issue at hand rather than his personal nightmare fuel.  “We were talking about you, though.  Sorry, I didn’t mean to turn this into some fucked up therapy session.”
Annoying is probably the best definition of their most recent encounter with the Doombots.  She’s not exactly sure what the story is — Tasha seems to have some sort of complicated history with their creator — but they’re relatively easily dispatched of, even with just the two of them responding to the call to assemble.  It’s a straightforward half-hour of fighting with minimal property damage, which makes it a good day in Steph’s book.  Tasha, though, has an alternative way of framing things.
“All finished?” he asks as the inventor makes his way back over.
“Not now, J.  I’m busy.”
“The tower? JARVIS, she needs a hospital!”
Iron Man straightens and walks towards him. “Cap, it’s really not that big of a deal. We’re all adults here.”
“I wasn’t…I didn’t think I needed to be here when – ”
“We have
“He was really nice about it though,” Steve insists.  “He had all of this stuff sent down, and I spent most of the afternoon trying to figure out what all of it can do.”  He’s still not sure if that smart watch is something he should be using, since the specs are sure to come out abnormal.  Still, it was a nice gesture on Tony’s part.
Dating Steve Rogers is simultaneously the most rewarding and the most frustrating thing he’s done in his entire life.  On the one hand, he’s
Steph takes a deep breath which is in no way related to recent smoke inhalation.  She’s a genetically-enhanced super soldier who's been catapulted seventy years into the future and fought off invaders from outer space.  This is hardly the most terrifying thing she’s experienced, not even the most terrifying thing in the last month if she’s being honest.  Still, her heart’s pounding faster now then it was ten minutes ago when she was trapped in the middle of a burning building.
“My protocols forbid me from disclosing things Sir wishes to keep confidential.  I am not allowed to reveal anything that he has told me in confidence or that would threaten the security of Mr. Stark or any of his associates.”
willing to cross for his country, and trading sexual favors for financial benefits has always been a hard limit.
Sent: Thursday, February 09, 9:06 AM
Tony’s hands come up and clench in his hair, fingers grasping tight against the already messy strands.  He lets out a harsh sigh, and then turns to face Steve.  “Sorry, that was...that was out of line.  It’s just been a rough day.”
“If not now, when?”  Tony has to admit, it’s a surprisingly good point, considering they’re probably about to finish each other off.  Steve keeps talking, “Come on, first time you saw me, what’d you think?”
“I wouldn’t say that, Sir.  Many people seem to enjoy
Steve is still trying to ascertain the situation, but it appears as if Stark isn’t in any immediate danger.  “I heard a noise,” he insists, “and I thought something was wrong.”
Steve has no idea how to process that, so he goes with a fairly simplistic response.  “You named your robot Dum-E?”
Tony pulls back slightly when he senses they’ve stopped moving, and he raises one eyebrow in question, wordlessly seeking for permission to keep going.  Steve flashes him a small if somewhat nervous smile, and that’s all it takes.  Tony braces both hands against his chest and
“Any thoughts on what you’d want?”
Later, Steve will stop to question the logistics of an animated bronze statue firing working bullets, but right now he’s more concerned with the fact that a centuries old statue is reaching into his ammunition pouch and attempting to reload.  Thankfully, that make and model of musket takes anywhere between thirty and forty-five seconds to reload, so Steve risks a brief glance back and the woman who’s animating the sculptures.
“I thought that’s what you said, but I could have sworn I heard you wrong.”  The inventor pinched the hologram he was working on into nonexistence to turn his full attention to Steve.  “You do know what that is, right?  And everything it entails?”
“If you’d like one.”  Because the events might be bad, but the company might make everything worth it.  Tasha could make a lot of things worth it, even crash-landing in a new century.
“That’s an unfair question,” Tony insists, and Steve has his answer.
“Sorry I was late,” the suit answers. “There were a couple of things that needed to be taken care of.”
They pass a few moments in leisurely silence when something strange catches his eye.
His response is somewhat sheepish.  “Yeah.  Sorry about that.  I was just squaring things away with Tony.”  Although it had been rude to completely ignore his teammates.  But while they’re here, it can’t hurt to ask.  “Hey, do either of you know what this means?”  He passes his phone to Natasha, who raises one perfectly sculpted eyebrow when she finally gets a look at his screen.
“I’m on my way.”
“But what does that even mean?!”  Tony bursts out, as if he can’t stand another moment of his ‘explanation.’  The frustrated inventor cards his hands through his hair and rushes on without giving Steve a chance to respond.  “Those things aren’t technology,” he insists, “they’re basically prerequisites for existence!  And you’re what, twenty-five, thirty?”  Steve mentally snorts at that one, but he lets Tony keep ranting.  “It’s nearly impossible to go that long without stumbling onto something technologically relevant.  How did you even survive the nineties without television?  It makes no sense!”
Steve immediately forces his face into a neutral expression and works to keep his tone as level as possible.  “Really?  What did you say?”
“You’re not the only one with secrets,” Tony replies, his voice deliberately dramatic voice.  Slowly, he reaches toward the scooped neck of his shirt and pulls, the fabric straining as he forces it lower and lower.
The team seemed to accept this as they silently absorbed the news. “We could do some tests to confirm he’s Steve Rogers since he has the serum and everything…” Bruce spoke up, looking at Steve.
Tony smirked, slinging an arm around Steve. “Oh you know I will, Bruce.” Tony laughed again.
When he saw the Facebook post advertising that MIT’s annual haunted house needed scare actors, naturally he had immediately signed up. Because Halloween was his
But still, Steve’s comment had been kind and encouraging, and that definitely did not help appease the crippling crush Tony had had on Steve since freshman year of high school. Tony just wished their first (and to this date, most recent) interaction had been over something other than a stupid fire alarm.
“Don’t you dare apologize. Yes, we were worried. Yes, you shouldn’t have just tried to put yourself in danger like that. And yes, I should’ve not let you carry out your ridiculous plan, but what matters is that you’re still here.” Tony told him, his grip tightening on Steve’s hand.
“Sounds good, Tony” Bruce nodded, rolling up his sleeves and shifting his hold on the small medical bag he was carrying.
“Still next to the tower entrance,” Steve ground out as he wrapped the man in his arms.
“It never is with you,” Rhodes taps his fingers against the handrest of his chair and purses his lips. “Communication is where you both went wrong, and now you’re avoiding the very thing that could work it all out.”
“Thanks, but not as cool as your art galleries. I’ve seen your work, it’s fucking amazing,” Tony truthfully told Steve.
Thor was probably the second friendliest guy after Steve. He was known by everyone as a care-free, caring, hippy-like guy. And he also happened to be in charge of the haunted house event this year. Which meant the whole event was going to be very over-the-top. Thor was the type of guy that went big with anything he did, and Tony appreciated that. Especially when it concerned his favorite season.
Tony warily raises his head from the back of the chair, looking at the floor in disinterest. “Glass breaks.”
The box was wooden, with little gaps in the wood so that he could both breathe and see outside the box. But nobody would know he was in the wooden box. His job was to fling open the lid of the box and scream at people coming by. Which, Thor assured him, would be very scary since he also looked horrifying.
Before Steve could say anything, Tony came to his rescue.
Tony had had so much to live for. Why was it him? Why couldn’t it have been Steve? Steve should have been the one to make the sacrifice. Damn it. Why Tony?
“Yes, and me.”
“No, Tony,” Steve assured him, wiping at his watery eyes. “You did everything right.”
The students reacted much the same way the previous group did, and Tony dropped down into the box once again. He was definitely going to look into horror movie auditions. Seriously.
“Fuck! You’re awake!” Tony gasped, leaning out of the hug a second later, his eyes wide. “Jesus, Steve, you’ve been out for like two days. I was fucking worried.”
“Hold up. Did you just say dimension?” Tony squinted at Steve, confusion and awe dawning across his face.
“HEIIIII IEEEH!” Clint yowled, jerking Tony out of his musings. He sprung up, screaming at the already frightened students.
“We’ve discussed this already, Tony. It still doesn’t explain why you don’t pick up the damn flip phone he sent and call him.” Rhodes gently tells his friend, scanning the floor once more. “Why you went after all our glassware though, that’s a mystery I’d like answered.”
Tony shakes his head quickly, plastering an unbothered smile on his face. “I’m absolutely fine, Rhodey, trust me. Honestly,” he runs a shaky hand through his hair and forces a sharp laugh. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Steve! What the FUCK?” Tony screeched as the shield violently hit the sorceress’ left arm. She paused, trying to figure out where the shield came from.
“This is Jane,” Darcy told Tony, who immediately gave Jane one of his signature thousand watt smiles.
“Cap! What’s the rest of your plan? You won’t distract her forever!” Tony’s voice shouted in his ear.
“I haven’t got all day,” Tony glared impatiently at him, repulsor still glowing.
The smile falters for a second and then slips off Tony’s face as if someone had just washed it away. A deep frown replaces the grin, and Tony drifts his now sunken eyes back to the floor covered in glass shards. “I don’t know why, I just—“ he breaks off in a deep sigh and rubs his face tiredly. “I can’t even keep my act together for you.”
**********
“Steven Rogers, I know of your dimension traveling,” the sorceress boomed, her arms waving in the air as she blasted another ray towards him. “And I feel you should see what your Anthony Stark really thought of you.”
It seemed to be a decent station, as far as Tony was concerned. He and Steve had been paired with Clint and Natasha for the “haunted circus playground” station.
?” Bruce stared at Tony in disbelief. “That’s horrifying.”
“I know that I’ve only known you for a short time, but I really want to get to know you better. I want to give this relationship a shot, and the thought of losing you was terrible. I’m a futurist, and fuck, as corny as it sounds, I think my future is meant to be entwined with yours.”
“You can thank Thor for that, actually. You weren’t waking up, and we were running out of options, so he decided that he would try shooting a mild dose of lightning through you,” Tony ran a hand through his already messy hair. “The rest of us were really against the idea, but he insisted it may be the only way, so we let him do it, and then you stopped.”
“Yeah, everyone who got hit has recovered and there were no major injuries. Thor returned the flower to Asgard yesterday, and the sorceress is in SHIELD’s hands now.”
“It didn’t quite happen that way,” Steve protested, feeling a familiar flush across his face.
“I better get on with it, but because I love you, I wanted to give you one last gift. It’s pretty simple. You’ve got three choices. In the box, there’s two watch-type devices. One is blue and is programmed to a certain time and date in the forties. Put it on your wrist, press the button, and you’ll be sent back in time to Peggy Carter. You could live out your life with her, if you wanted. Get that dance you once told me about.” Tony nodded, smiling at Steve.
“Yes, I’m from another dimension. Only reason I know I am is because you’re standing alive in front of me,” Steve paused and then decided to continue once he realized Tony was not going to add anything. “Thanos, I don’t know if you know who that is, but anyway, he erased half of human life. To cut the long story short, you possessed all the infinity stones and snapped him and his army out of existence, thus saving us all. But, you...you didn’t make it. The power of the infinity stones was too much, and you died from your injuries.” Steve hung his head, tears pricking the corners of his eyes. He wouldn’t cry, no, not now. Not now. Definitely not now.
Steve reminded himself. Well, all the more reason to make it count, and with that final thought, Steve pressed the button on the red device.
“Steve’s just being nice, it’s not polite to just tell people they look horrifying,” Darcy interjected, as she began drawing teeth along the extended red smile she had given Tony.
“Get the flower!” Steve cried back, rolling away as the sorceress abruptly shot a ray at him, her attention now focused on him.
“OH MY GOD. OH MY—” One girl wailed as another student dramatically clutched his chest. Tony exaggeratedly growled at the students in an attempt to not laugh at their reactions. Sufficiently scared, the group cautiously shuffled to the next room as Tony grinned.
“I’ll definitely do that,” Steve put his phone back in his pocket, as his smile grew wider. “The least I could do for a friend.”
“Better not. T’Challa would be pissed if I told him you lost a disk made of the most precious metal on Earth. But,” Tony cleared his throat, as if suddenly recalling the reason they were all gathered in the kitchen in the first place. “We’ve got a nasty sorceress outside who seems bent on mind controlling people to hallucinate their biggest regrets. People are going wild out there, reenacting their hallucinations, and the only way we can stop her is by apparently getting the necklace she’s wearing. Some magic flower is embedded in there, and that gives her her powers.”
They walked towards an elevator, and Steve realized that this Tony still had the Avengers tower rather than the compound.
He reaches into his right pocket and takes out a battered flip phone, running a thumb over the lid.
“He didn’t leave you to die.”
10 pm could not come fast enough. He had thankfully signed up for only two hours instead of three, so he only had thirty minutes left of this torture.
“This,” Steve replied, and tossed his shield at the sorceress.
“Steve!” Tony shouted again, slamming hard onto the roof, taking Steve into his arms. Fuck, he had only known Steve for a week, but Tony already couldn’t bear losing him. Not when there was so much promise for their future. No, he was not going to lose Steve. Not now, not ever.
He had no other choice but to threaten the boy.
Peter was panicking. He needed to be there for his aunt May. He didn’t know what to do and the only thing clouded his head was the thought of Tony’s offer about providing his every need or emergency should he was in need for it. Peter didn’t have to think twice as he went towards the tower, taking the train on the way there.
Steve bristles at that; that’s
Life goes on.  Clint and Nat come back from wherever they’ve been, recuperate for a couple of weeks, and then head back out.  Steph finds a community center that hosts an art therapy class on the weekend.  Tasha still spends far too much time at work, but occasionally she comes back to the mansion in time for dinner if Steph nags her often enough.  Things are good, or at least far better than she expected things to be.
“Not dead. That’s always a plus.” She opens her eyes; her pupils are dilated but her gaze is direct. “What’d the doctors say?”
because Tony is Iron Man and, without knowing it, they’ve been in this thing together all along.  They’re partners, now in multiple senses of the word, and as much as he’s going to hate seeing Tony throw himself into danger, this is his fight too.
“I’ve never been good at just...relaxing. I’ve been a soldier for so long, that I’m not really sure what to do with myself without a mission.”
“You’re always welcomed to ask.  Whether or not I am free to answer is another matter.”
Of all the times for Tasha to go silent, this is not it.  She can see the three moving dots that mean Tasha’s typing, but…nothing.
Stark’s face devolves into something like pity, and Steve automatically regrets opening his mouth.  It’s not his job to unload to Tony Stark.  He has a very qualified SHIELD therapist that he’s supposed to talk to about his shell-shock, no, it’s PTSD now.  At least, he assumes they’re qualified.  He’s never spoken to them.  Stark doesn’t seem to mind his impromptu confession, though.
, women on this task force, because as much as she’d loved the Commandos, it was sometimes hard not to feel like the odd-woman out.  She and Nat get along like a house on fire, straight from the get-go.  The redheaded woman is, Steph senses, a lot of different things, but she’s a professional and Steph can respect that.  The woman exudes confidence and competency, which are just the sort of qualities that she wants in the person standing next to her.
for Halloween. Costumes? Check. Halloween parties? Check. Decorations? Double Check.
“Thor, we don’t even know that he is who he says he is!” Natasha snapped, her eyes narrowing at Steve and Tony.
Steve gawked, the sandwich suddenly feeling like lead in his stomach. This Tony was in danger of dying too? “Tony! Why didn’t you tell me? Why are you all alone here? That’s not safe, what if whoever it is comes after you here?”
The elevator ride was short, and Steve found himself outside in less than a minute.
Oh yeah. He was assigned to be in a box. Like a Jack-in-the-box. Or rather, Tony-in-the-box.
“That was beyond exhausting,” Tony mumbled as Steve pushed open a door, leading them out into the chilly night air. “I love Halloween and all, but that was painful and a violation of Amendment Eight in my opinion.”
The brunette man thuds back into his chair, a whoosh leaving his lungs at the force. “Could have fooled me.”
Steve racked his brains for his most recent memory, but all he could remember was Tony snapping his fingers and dying before his eyes only a few minutes later.
“Okay, that was deeper than I thought it would be. Now, Cap, what were you envisioning for your uniform?”
“Thanks for that, and yeah, I’m ready to get outta here,” replied Tony, still trying to mentally process how close they had just been. Steve had barely held him for more than a few seconds, but the feeling of those strong arms wrapped around him sent all kinds of desires loose in Tony’s mind.
“Oh, but I do, Captain. And I feel you should share my knowledge,” she laughed, yellow magic swirling around her arms as she directed another beam of magic at him.
Silence once more.
“Fuck, Steve, just hold on for a few minutes, okay? Yeah, okay. This should wear off soon, anyway, I’m sure, sure. Medical! We need medical!” Tony screamed into his comms.
“Pepper, I-I, he was, well, I just, I’ll miss him a lot. He was my friend; he was my family here. I owe so much to him. But I should be the one asking you that question,” Steve ran a shaky hand through his hair.
It’s the clothes Tony wore whenever he was in his workshop. The very outfit he wore countless times when multiple Avengers used to live with them. Signs of a different time.
“I mean it, Sam. I know you have everything it takes and more. I want you to be Captain America. You more than deserve it,” Steve nodded. If there was anything he was 100% sure about, it was about giving the mantle of Captain America to Sam.
“N-no!” Steve tried to pull away, but this Tony was too strong, and Steve was no match in his weakened state. No, Tony would never seek such vengeance against Steve.
Fuck. Fuck.
“A FUCKING BUNKER IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE.”
“So why did he leave just one member of his team the gift of interdimensional travel?” The engineer raised his eyebrow, his lips pursing.
Probably would have been useful to take the uniform with him since it wouldn’t fit Sam, but Steve had been in too much of a hurry to think of such things.
“Leave the poor man alone, honestly,” Darcy called out as Steve shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
“Ungh!” Steve grunts, staggering back, clutching his now heavily bleeding nose. “Wha—” Steve was cut off by another violent blow to his stomach.
“What kind of distraction?” Natasha asked, her voice slightly muffled by something.
“The other device is red and is programmed to send you to a different dimension. Now, I know what you’re thinking. How could this be of any use? Well, this device will send you to a dimension that is nearly the same as ours. Except, well, you were never found. Meaning, uh, exactly that. The world lives without Captain America, so, if you were to drop in, nobody would ever know you weren’t the Steve from their dimension. Pretty nifty if you ask me.” Tony rubbed his hands together in the hologram and quirked his lips.
“Sorry if they got a bit squashed on the way over,” Steve apologizes, slowly shrugging off his messenger bag and removing his jacket.  “The saddlebags were a bit full, so I had to carry the bagels.”
must have misunderstood. Check again.” Natasha glares at the ceiling as if she could stare a hole through it and force her boyfriend to come flying through.
When JARVIS has first suggested the MET, he’d laughed his ass off.  He can mentally recall, in excruciating detail, every single time he’s been forced to go to some sort of fundraiser inside of the museum where he’s been forced to look at a single dot and relate it to the existential quandary of the human existence.  So deep.  So moving.
“What is your purp – ”
Steph bends down, shutting Tasha up in the way she’s been dying to for months now if she’s finally being honest with herself (and there’s really no reason for her not to be honest now).  Tasha’s lips are slightly chapped, they both smell faintly of smoke, and it’s over far too quickly.  Still, when they both straighten up, they’ve both got smiles on their faces.
The silence settles between them long enough that it’s reached the awkward stage Steve had been dreading, but it seems rude to leave after such a brief conversation.
“And how would I find that on my phone?”
“Uh huh. Do we have a problem?” Iron Man asks, crossing his arms.
Steve takes it, and her palm is small but calloused in his. “Friends,” he affirms.
He recovers himself and straightens into a posture that Steve has long-since learned from experience means trouble. “We make it work.” He raises one gauntleted hand and drones, “These fingers bring Natasha Stark to orgasm on a semi-regular basis.”
“So, SI’s hosting a fundraiser tonight.  You know, one of those benefit galas where the rich and famous donate money to causes they pretend to care about.”
“Good, so eventually we’ll need to work your way around to things like
“Oh.” Tony responds.  Steve’s minor freak out is marginally understandable now.  “No, that’s  JARVIS.”
“What on Earth - ”
Tasha gives one of her faux scandalized gasps. “Captain Rogers! My suit is a piece of highly-specialized technical equipment. It is not,” she smirks, “your personal Hitachi.”
Tasha finally finds her words.  “Christ, you don’t make anything easy, do you?”
Nova looked at him with a blank expression. “Eh? They did? As far as I know they wouldn’t let us, Younger members of the Avengers to get involved in it. Cap said it was an adult stuff or something. But hey look, you are now part of the Avengers. So it doesn’t matter either way.” Nova cheekily smirked.
He and Gwen weren’t together anymore as a couple, they had broken off their relationship a few months ago. It was hard but they were still best friends. Peter was single again, while Gwen was dating one of Flash’s football friends. Harry and MJ were together now, after everything that was going on lately. Harry’s dad still hadn’t accepted him dating MJ.
Tony was somewhere else. He went towards Steve and led his arms on the cooking table as he watched Steve cook their meal.
A son Frank thought he could never have it again, especially at what happened to his wife and daughter when they were killed years ago in front of him. He mourned, he grieved and the sorrow followed suit it was hard to be eroded away. He thought after what happened to his previous family he was without a second chance of having a family. How wrong he was and he was grateful for it.
“So I guess that, that must be your new parents, Peter?” Gwen asked from behind him. He spun around to face her with a shy smile. “T-they are the one who’s…uh…adopted me the next day after aunt May was buried.” He said. Gwen gave him a soft, caring smile. “I know how it feels like losing a love one.” She said as she gave Peter a hug before they went inside the school.
He asked himself in panic.
He put a hand on the wall, placing his forehead on it. He closed his eyes in a deep thought.
“So, does this radioactive spider have anything to do with Spiderman? Cause I got a hunch that he might have been bitten by one.” Johnny pointed out his thought.
Peter who was on the ground, moaning in pain as he took out the dagger. He heard Black Window screamed for him. When everyone had finally stopped and destroyed the rest of the robots, they all went towards Spiderman.
Tony whistled.
Everything was now a mess. The plan they were working went smoothly a few months ago up until Richard mentioned about the Parker’s couple life history. He had hoped that Tony was right, that this Peter might be their long lost son they’d been looking for years, because if it wasn’t? Then there would be hell to pay. He didn’t want to see his Tony break down again like before. He hated it when Tony was a mess. He wanted his Tony, the Tony he loved. Who was always with smiles and jokes around like before, who secretly was a loving person whenever they were alone. He wanted that Tony to come back to him, and he could only hope, that maybe, just maybe, bringing back their lost son would return everything to the way it used to be. Steve could only hope and pray for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve noticed something that was out of place in the bookshelf, there in the middle of the rest of the book stood a nursery bedtime story. He pried it out of its place only for him to blink when the bookshelf made a clicking sound to the right side. Both Steve, Tony glanced at the bookshelf. It made a creaking noise, opening another route behind it.
“Well, the kid was doing fine. They didn’t do anything suspicious or any risky stuff. They went to the mall, met up at Starbucks, bought drinks from there, had lunch at Hungry Jack, shopping, arcade games. After that they watched a movie. When the movie ended, they headed back home as Peter’s friend dropped him of at his house before they left.  Peter went upstairs to his room and well, study…that’s about it.” Clint said.
The next day.
Steve looked at Peter, sighing as he threw a glance at his friend. “Bruce, can you excuse us for a while?” He requested. Bruce nodded and got up; he peeked at Peter with a weak look before leaving.
, with those gentle eyes, should only love Steve and Tony, his biological parents
Still he continued to thrash and thrash until he heard a loud beeping and then-…Peter’s eyes flashed at the sight of his blaring alarm clock.
Peter busied himself with fighting the automatons as he punched and kicked. His spider’s sense was tangling as he looked up behind him, but it was too late when he was punched in the chin, making him lose his balance.
Now that caught Peter. “HAWKEYE?! Wait! As in one of the AVENGERS?” He asked, slightly stunned. His anger had finally subsided away by the news.
(He can invent things? Damn! This kid is a big deal! I want him as my scholarship! As my student! Dude--) Tony voice could be heard from their communication. “That’s astounding.” Bruce said proudly with a smile. ‘If our Peter was alive and this smart, I would be proud of him.’ Bruce thought. “Thanks.” Peter sheepishly said. “It also listed here that you often become the victim of bullying?”
Weeks later, they heard the bad news from Agent Phil; that someone broke into the hospital and took their son. They weren’t merely devastated for anger surged through Tony and Steve, dominating their inner emotions.
“We’ll go there tomorrow early in the morning, okay buddy? Now, did you have dinner already or-?” Tony asked as Peter shook his head no. “No. I went here immediately the moment I received the phone call…”
He thought.
“You idiot. We would never be mad-…well, a bit. But we’re only mad because you’re Spiderman. Other than that, you have no idea how long your father and I had been looking all over for you. I thought…we thought we couldn’t find you ever again.” Tony said as he hugged his son tighter, giving little kisses here and there on Peter’s head and cheeks.
The next few days, Tony was sent home and was allowed to leave the hospital. However their little one (Peter) had to remain in the hospital for further observations. Both fathers soon made the visiting-Peter as their daily active activity. Tony even got to hold his son, but only for a little while before the nurse needed to put Peter back in his incubator, which Tony harshly called it his Cage.
“We are the SHIELD. I’m Nick Fury, the commander of the SHIELD organization.” Nick said as he stepped out from his hiding spot.
He thought as he held his fist in frantic towards his father’s memory. ‘
Everyone was there and Peter had to admit at how surprised he was at the numbers of people who came to pay aunt May her last respect.
“Well, go on. Try one of them. But the armor suit? I want you to use it only for emergency, am I clear, Peter?” He said. The boy nodded in understatement.
“It’s used to endure blister. It also prevents from getting ripped off easily by a knife or any types of sharp object.  The contact lenses are made out of mainframe glass, to help you analyze your surroundings, yada, yada.” Tony explained as he continued to explain the rest.
“Tony! Wait! What about your job as Peter’s mentor?” he asked.
“Ah… I see you’re here to ask a few questions with Miss Stacy? There were already police officers asking her about it. I’ll see what I can do to call her to my office so you can see her for yourself." He said. “Ah, that would be great and thank you sir.” Natasha said. “No problem ma’am. Now let’s head to my office, you can wait for her there while I’ll go get Miss Stacy from her class.” He said as Natasha nodded. They walked straight towards his office.
“Nothing.” He groaned.
Seriously, Peter thought, did he really look like a mess? The Starks were being so careful with him when they weren’t even like that before.
Everyone stared at Clint while Tony’s eyebrow twitched. “Mini-me? Are you serious?” Tony glared.
Reed and Susan had given their advice of letting Peter join the team, he had already been part of the Avengers, so it was out of the question to stop him. The boy would just find a way to sneak out to perform his duty behind their back. It was hopeless to stop him.
that you finally snap out of it and move on and well…I wanted
“Yes? May I help you with something?”
It was done. They had wrapped the boy around their scheme. All they needed now was to play it smoothly.
“I.. Well…my school is having a field trip next weekend and…I kind of forget to tell you. I know I have my Aunt to do that but she’s out of town for a few couple of days. I don’t have anyone to sign this for me…The teacher want us to at least have our parents or any guardians to sign this paper to allow us to go. And I really, really want to go it’s just that…well…” Peter said nervously.
Yes, Bruce, Steve and Tony did feel guilty for doing this to the boy but mission came first. Besides, if Peter was really Spider-man, Tony could at least try to do something to ease…whatever it was that Fury was planning to do to the kid. The least he could do for the boy. And for the very first time ever, Tony hoped they were wrong. He didn’t want Peter to be Spider-man. He wanted Peter to be just Peter, someone who Tony grew to care.
“I—“The doctor was about to say something when Tony quickly jumped in. “Would it be all right, if you can tell us, my husband and I about Mrs Parker’s wellbeing? Peter could just stay here with his aunt to keep an eye for her while we, the adults, talk this somewhere else. How that does sound to you?” He said in his business tone though alarm latched somewhere in between.
“You heard what Richard said, right?” Tony asked.
surprising when he lost the boy in his chase but
“Funny. The door was unlocked.” He said which caught everyone’s attention.
He spun around the city, heading towards the Avengers Tower when he saw Hawkeye. He landed in front of the man. “So what’s up, Hawkeye?” He asked. “Sorry about interrupting you during your school hours. But Iron Man and Cap need your help along with the young Avengers.”  Clint said. Peter raised a hand.
“The only person I have encountered was Hawkeye and you could say that I have mistaken him for a bad guy.” He said.
Gwen eyed Natasha suspiciously before saying. “Okay.” She said. “Good. I shall let you talk in another private room. Miss Stacy I’m sure you can show Miss Romanoff to where it is?” He questioned. Gwen bobbed, leading Natasha out of the office as the two went to another room. “So Miss Romanoff, what would you like to ask me about?” She asked. “Well I’m here to ask you a question regarding the Lizard. We notice that you seem to know Spiderman and we would like to know if you have anything do with it or if you somehow know him or work alongside with him?” She asked.
“If it so then why won’t you have faith in me? Peter Parker might be our son! Everyone said Peter almost look and act like me. Don’t you even remember what our precious little son looks like, Steve? Cause I sure as hell do! I can never forget the beautiful brown hair and the eyes our son has! The little, pinch-able nose, the same shape of eyes just like mine, pale, beautiful skin, and that red birthmark on the back of his left arm? I remember every detail on what our son apparently looks like Steve! Don’t even tell me that it might be a coincidence that Parker has the same birthmark as our son! I saw, you saw, we both saw that the kid has the same birthmark on the back of his left arm when he lifted his sleeve shirt at that time in the lab. Steve, I’m a hundred percent sure this is not a pure coincidence.” he pleaded.
Steve wasn’t stupid. He had heard what Richard mentioned about Parker’s parents. “But we don’t know that. We don’t know if that’s true,
Luckily her injuries weren’t deep, but since she had a weak body and a fragile condition, it was only natural something like this would happen.
“Where’s Tony?” Peter asked. He didn’t know how to address the Rogers-Stark couple. He didn’t know whether to call them his dad, or Daddy, or pops or papa yet. And he wasn’t sure if they were okay with him calling them that. After all, he was still trying to get used of being Tony Stark’s biological son.
The kid glanced behind him when Clint was finally gone. He sighed in relief, taking another spin from the building before landing on some empty street to take a break. It was then his sense was stinging him, alerting him that he wasn’t alone in this empty area.
Steve looked relatively glad by that statement. Henry noticed this.
He groaned at the thought of it. He wondered if he could get away with this somehow.
Frank and Matthew allowed the boy to join. It was a better option they had than letting their son go out there and do his superhero alone without anyone to keep an eye on him. Even people like Frank Castle and Matt Murdock were protective of their kid.
Brain remained for a little while before going to Tony.
Peter blinked. “Why? What’s wrong with my suit?” He asked. Tony frowned at the boy and said. “Seriously, Pete, going out crime fighting wearing Spandex? Spandex, I might add? Spandex. Seriously, it’s not safe! The Green Goblin hurt you easily. Nope. You are never ever going out fighting villains in Spandex - your pops is a special case -…I’m making you a new one that won’t get ripped off easily by anything.” Tony stated.
’ the couple thought with a soft smile graced their face as they continued to watch Peter.
After the explanation, May wore a perplexed look, but secretly proud of her nephew. Perhaps it was about time to tell him the truth; of how the boy wasn’t related to them.
Tony wasn’t any help since he just laughed the moment Steve said it. “Peter! H-He actually just did that?”
He also had found out one time during one of the Avengers’ meetings that Iron Man and Captain America were his parents. The leaders had taken off their mask one time when they had an argument during the meeting. Though, he was proud to know his parents were heroes themselves. Worried and proud.
They were being all lovey-dovey again.
“Ah, okay. I can do that.” Clint said. He saw Spiderman take off. “Well got to go. See you another day, Frank!” Clint said before he jumped off. Frank watched him go and chased Spiderman from behind.
“Well, have a great day at school Peter.” Steve and Tony both said.
“I’m sorry, are you trying to compare me to…this kid?”
Five months later, Peter still continued being Tony’s intern. Tony found himself wondering why someone like Peter was underrated by his school and fellow teachers. The boy was naturally born genius. Still, he could understand the boy, at least. He would prefer his child experiencing the life of being a normal teenager, despite how smart he was rather to force him to go to a boarding school.
“I feel loved already-” Clint’s left eye twitched in annoyance.
Steve went outside, returning minutes later with a tray of two mugs of warm milk. He heaved and leaned his shoulder on the door, looking at Tony who was watching footage of his time with Peter. Steve was getting worried for his husband,
“Are you behind this?” Spiderman demanded. Green Goblin just chuckled and said. “Why? Don’t like my little gift for ya, Spiderman? I’m sure you are starting to get bored just doing nothing but petty crime now aren’t you?” He irked. “Shut up! Where did you even get this thing? Or are you working with someone else?” He asked.
Peter was put in the system for a while, while Tony and his husband went to get the adoption for Peter (without the boy’s awareness). They weren’t going to allow anyone to adopt their baby. When they had finally won the custody (As expected) for Peter parker, they took the boy back at to tower to where he truly belonged.
Tony rolled his shoulders, going inside while the others followed close behind.
“Uh…” Harry said. It was quiet all of a sudden and then Harry could hear Peter laugh. “Ha ha, very funny, Peter.” Harry said in his I’m- not-so-amused voice as he added, “But seriously. How did you even manage to get Mr. Tony Stark to sign that paper? Or are you just joking with me? Cause I find it so not funny, Peter.” Harry warned.
He tried the red and blue suit, the one that looked the same as his original though the element of his new suit wasn’t made of spandex. It was made to look like it one but different; the fiber of the suit was ten times thicker, and stretchable. Plus, it was as light as a feather.
Steve stayed for a while when he felt Tony moved on the bed and crouched towards him, arms wrapped around his waist. “Steve. I’m scared. What are we going to do when Peter starts to question about everything? If he wants to find out who he is?” Tony asked. His grip a little tight on his husband. “We’ll deal and handle it like when it comes to that. You know Peter has the right to know. Right now let’s just enjoy our time with Peter as his boss-” Tony glared at Steve’s sudden giggle “-and as his friend. Anything he wants us to be. Like Bruce said, we should try and make a happy memory with this Peter.” Steve said.
“Idiot! We could never be disappointed or disown you as our son, Peter! I’m proud to have you as my son. But...” Tony stopped dramatically for a second.
Bruce sighed before saying.  “Looks like nothing can’t be found here, Clint.” He said, placing the item back inside the box to bring it with them. Not once both men looked at the tag;
Tony sighed.
They stopped at one of the rooms. He pulled out a key and inserted it to the keyhole, opening the door. “Go and take a look inside.” Tony said. Peter glanced at him for a while before sliding the door open.
“Sure Cap.” Hank said. Brain just waved a hand at him. He smiled at them before following his husband somewhere else.
“Good Captain and Iron Steel were making the fuck out like hormonal teenagers.” He settled deeper into his seat. Johnny gaped at the statement. The other gave the man a dirty grin. Well, screw them. What did they know? His soul was officially scarred now.
When it was done, Clint bid them.
Few days later, the Avengers, Fantastic Four, Hank Pym and Logan were having a meeting after Tony sent Peter away.
“Yes…Reed had to take off your mask.” Bruce said.
He took a deep breath, tearing the seal, slowly reading the paper.
Tony noticed the look on his husband’s face. “See? Now even you begin to see what I’m thinking…” Tony said.
“Really? So what do you mostly eat when your aunt’s not around?” Steve asked. Peter blushed in embarrassment before saying. “Uh… Takeout? Burgers? Pizzas? ” Peter shrugged and looked up at Steve who wore a horrified look.
“I think whatever it is you decide it doesn’t matter. You’re smart enough and that is more than enough for you to take the internship Mr. Stark would like to offer.” Bruce explained. “So what else do you want to know about?” Peter asked. “Family’s background… if it’s, okay?”
“Cool!” Peter said as he tried shooting Dummy with his new web shooter. The robot wheezed. Tony just shook his head.
Peter thought with a flushed face. When he rushed into the living room, everyone was already there, waiting for him. Tony was wearing his usual suit, and Steve was wearing his trademark attires. Even Dicklin Darling (Clint Barton) was in his dark bodyguard getup. The only thing that was out of place was the cap he wore, but the black shade was okay.
Peter blinked his eyes before glancing at Bruce, “Is that really all right? I mean, won’t Mr. Stark be mad or anything?” He asked worriedly.
“What?! But Pops!” Peter complained. “No buts, Peter. It’s either that or no more Spiderman.” Steve firmly said. Peter made a dramatic groan before nodding his head and said. “Fine. But I want to know who I’m going to work with.”
The second serum he had injected on Peter, when he was two-year-old, was the second level, making the serum lasted a bit longer up to three years. The last serum Richard had injected him at that time lasted for about eight years.
“Right away, sir.” JARIVS authorized, perusing it closely before printing the intended tag number.
The Avengers were in shock when they found out that Spiderman was none other than Peter, their little Peter, when Reed removed Spiderman’s mask. The Avengers took Spiderman into their private infirmary, and Reed did his work to fix and treat Spiderman while the boy was unconscious.
“Uh…t-thank you...” Peter said and picked up the items from Happy.
Steve found folder files related to their work and experiment, while Bruce found their recorded tapes. Richard on the other hand found confidential files filled with complete algorithm notes. It snatched his attention. Bruce even found something that looked like a cartridges tube, with a few liquid still in it. He examined it for a little while before putting the pieces of the cartridges tube inside his bag. Then he noticed a small aquarium tank full of ten radioactive Spiders inside it, alive.
“Okay… Can I ask one more thing? It is said here in your statement that you and Mr. P…Peter Parker has been seen hanging out lately and some of your friends said that I should ask you if he was involved. They said you only interact with this kid.” She said.
The earth mightiest heroes dressed in their casual garments, waiting in front of the school for the arrival of their target inside SHIELD’s borrowed vehicle. Clint was monitoring the screen, keeping watch on the backgrounds. “So Tasha, find anything new about the person we’re looking for?” Steve asked while looking outside the window. His husband sighed from the driver seat.
The rest of the Avengers screamed inside their head while listening to the two. They were still trying to figure out if Spiderman was Peter Parker himself or not since Tony and Steve feared that Peter, their son, might be Spiderman and if he did, they wanted to figure out a way how to deal with the news.
“Ah. Fair enough.” Bruce murmured. Soon they made it to the top floor once the elevator door dinged open. Peter looked around his surroundings. He was quite impressed of what Stark’s penthouse looked like from the inside. He had always dream of seeing and getting to meet Mr. Tony Stark. Now he was finally getting to meet the guy and not just that, he was also standing at the very building of Stark Industry.
It around five thirty pm when group four came back to the tower and Clint filled Steve up about what Peter Parker had been up to lately.
Just as Tony promised, Phil did go to his school to pick up his bag, handing it to the boy with an annoyed look, obviously disliking the fact he was called to do mundane thing – but did it for Captain America’s sake.
“And yet nobody has tried to get inside this house before?” Steve asked with a shake of his head.
“Y-You look--” Bruce said but was cut off as Steve said.
Steve and Tony found out that Spiderman was indeed their son Peter, like they feared. They were confuse to what to do with this news about finding out that their son was none other than Spiderman? When Peter's wake up from his unconscious? He was face to face with his biological parents, as Steve and Tony begin to counsel the boy, about what to do with him now that their son was Spiderman himself.
“Nick! What the heck are you think you’re doing?! I thought you wanted us to be the one to capture and make Spiderman join the Avengers? You left that to us to handle it! Now what made you change your mind?!” Tony screamed. Nick wasn’t affected by his demands and screams. He simply uttered.
“—In fact, I think it’s time for you to know something.” Peter snapped out of his thought. “Huh?” He asked confusedly.
“Of course. So you’re my dear friend’s son huh? I’m Richard Reed, by the way and you are?” He asked friendly. Out of courtesy despite already knowing Peter’s name. Peter smiled at that and chuckled. “It’s funny how you and my dad share the same name. I’m Peter. Peter Benjamin Parker, sir.” He said. He didn’t see the rest of the Avengers’ shock face (Clint was so surprised he banged his head against once again by accident) and their small gasp as he shook hand with Richard Reed, who looked in astonishment but didn’t show it. “A-ah. Nice to meet you Peter. It’s an honor. You do have your father’s smart.” He said.
“Found anything?” Clint asked.
“Hey, I think I found a few left serums in the freezer, and some blood sample. They still looked fresh. I’m guessing that the couple probably forgot to shut this thing off when they went away.” Steve informed his husband.
Brain (Captain Britain) was busy explaining their mission and plan while half of the Avengers were bored (mostly the kids) when the door to the meeting hall flew open with a loud bang.
, they missed their son. The little boy they had dreamed of to have ever since they knew it was impossible for them to have a child from their own fresh and blood since they were both male. Then this tiny miracle happened. They were exultant for it, given the bless to create their own child, a family they had so desperately wanted, only for the chance to be ripped away from them the moment the child was born.
PS: Hope everyone will like this chapter like the previous chapter 6? :3
Logan grumbled. He got no time for this shit. He needed a drink and a smoke. Not doing a petty investigation. “All right. Now, let’s get back to work people.” Tony clapped his hands once.
“So… I was adopted? But w-what about my real parents? D-Do they know how my real parents look like? Why-why did my biological parents thr-throw me away? Why wouldn’t they want m-me? O-or did mom and dad adopt me from an orphanage?” His throat felt dry. So dry.
Hawkeye had his hand around the boy’s waist, trying to support him, since Peter was struggling to stand up due to the pain in his hip. The stab was a little deep, but not too deep to actually kill him. “Hey kiddo, are you okay?” Hawkeye asked. Peter’s vision started to blur. ‘
Reed thought. He moved away from the room with a heavy heave.
“What? Do I look weird? Funny? Like a freak?” he asked frankly and he was panicking with worry, which made Tony snort at his husband.
“Is he always like that?” Peter asked Clint, pointing at Tony who still glued to his StarkPhone.
After that he excused himself from his adoptive parents.
“What?! Hey! That’s not fair!” Clint protested.
“Really? I mean, is it okay to you if I want to design my own room?” Peter asked as Tony nodded his head. “Yeah, you are after all my son now.” Tony said. Peter smiled at that. “Thanks…dad.” Peter said, flashing Tony his sweet smile. It made Tony stomach flip in a happy dance.
“You see, dear. Your mother Mary couldn’t conceive. She was barren and thought they wanted to adopt before but they couldn’t due to their work. A month later, your parents came to our house with an infant in their arms. That was you, Peter. They had changed their mind and wanted to adopt in the end despite their tight lifestyles.” Mary explained weakly and knew she couldn’t stay any longer.
“Umm, thanks Thor.”  After all, he’s not exactly in the position to critique someone for their questionable grasp of sarcasm.  He appreciates the sentiment.
He’s handling it well, though.  It’s not exactly like there’s a psychological threshold for near-death-via-alien-induced-space-anomaly.  He’s pretty sure he’s the most well-adjusted man to survive an extra-terrestrial invasion while simultaneously moonlighting as a superhero.
“The pressing business that had you barging into my rooms at ass o’clock?”
“What Percentage of My Waitstaff Have Appeared on Law and Order.”
“I’m fine,” Stark insists, although his voice is less hostile than before.  “Although I don’t think my windows are.  How did you even break that glass?”
number of zeros.  Still, it was for a good cause, so he’d held his tongue as the wagers climbed higher.  But just as the bidding had slowed and it seemed as if the embarrassing ordeal was finally over, Tony had spoken up, calmly doubling the winning offer and effectively shutting down the auction.
reaches his ears.
Boy does he know that by now. Still, if there’s one thing his rapid fire introduction to modernity has taught him, knowing that something exists on the internet and finding it are two different things.  “How do you know about going what to use?”
, and reopened bullet holes are the last thing the moment calls for.
Steve moves to occupy the appointed seat, and Fury crosses back to his own chair. The two men stare at one another for a moment, eyes sizing each other up before the SHIELD director breaks the silence.
Steve struggles to keep his face impassive. Everyone keeps looking at him like they expect him to fall apart, as if the idea of new technology or social progress is going to destroy him. They somehow forget just what exactly he’s seen in his life. The tesseract, the Red Skull, and even his own shiny post-serum body are all the products of remarkable and inexplicable technology. No, it’s not what’s in the future that disturbs him. He’s more upset by all of the things he’s left behind.
Steph wants to object — she really, really does — but deep in her gut she knows there’s truth in what Tasha’s saying.  For each hour the spend fighting, she knows there are a hundred more hours that people spend in boardrooms arguing about what they’ve done, questioning their decisions, and talking really loudly about the way
“I’m sorry?”
Steve resists the urge to run his palm over his face and instead settles for an incredulous look with Natasha.  When did this become his life?  Nat tilts her head in a brief display of sympathy before continuing.
“Tony!”
He eventually musters his attention to focus back on the blueprints for his latest model.  He doesn’t think increasing the radius of the interior cell will fix anything, but maybe if he embedded the most recent atomic variation in the hardware of one of his earlier models…
Subject: Agent No-Life
“Don’t,” he barks.  And with that, he buries his face in hand.  He’s not quite crying yet, but if one more person tries to talk to him, he’s going to lose it.  Don’t they know they should just leave him alone and let him mourn in peace?
“No, I mean an absolute genius. Stark’s not just a scientist. He’s
“Nope.”
“It is not that simple,” Thor replies, though his tone is apologetic.
Sent: Wednesday, February 08, 10:11 AM
Natasha sighs.  “Steve, Fury put you on this job because he thought you would be able to
“No, I mean the man.  Who was that?  Is someone watching us?”  His eyes dart around the room, lingering on the corners for cameras.
“Can you hear me?”  The other man had been able to hack into the channel in Stuttgart.
“Not the particulars, no. But the basic facts still work.” She looks him dead in the eyes, her voice surprisingly intense. “Your name is Steve Rogers. You were born in Brooklyn. You’re twenty-seven years old – yes, Steve, twenty-seven.  You’re not ninety-four, no matter what you say. You’re a highly-skilled member of the US army, who was historically assigned classified missions that you absolutely cannot discuss. You’ve just come back to the United States and you’re having a bit of a difficult time readjusting to civilian life.”
was supposed to be the one who’s all about style.”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“So…” Steve starts hesitantly, “if I had something I wanted to tell you, but I didn’t know how your were going to react, you’d want me to come out with it even if the truth might upset you?”
Tony turns.  “Really?”
“I’m specially trained to look past what people want me to see,” she’d said, “and, no offense Cap, the cowl’s not that great of a disguise.”
“Hawkeye and Widow are down toward the south end of the park.  Can you back them up?  You have to crack these things open to get them to stop, and neither of them has the equipment to do it.”
“I know.”  Steve nods quickly, happy that he and Tony are at last speaking the same language.  “Things like this really make you stop and think.”
Steve is speaking as soon as the doors open. “Iron Man! What happened? Where’s Natasha?” Steve cannot think of a single reason aside from the worst that Iron Man would have returned to the tower without Natasha, and the thought makes his blood run cold.
.  I owe my suit a long polishing session and…shut it, Barton, that’s not kinky!  Anyway, showers took priority.”
Seriously, talk to SHIELD and get them to call off their watchdog.
He takes that as permission to come closer and moves next to the bed. “How are you feeling?”
Steve runs his eyes over Tony’s armor.  “Is that going to be safe for you?”
The moment he latches onto one of the creature’s arms, he can feel the shock reverberate through his entire system, and he prays that he makes it through this in one piece.  He hadn’t exactly been one-hundred percent straightforward with Steve.  Yes, theoretically the armor’s a Faraday cage, but in all likelihood, this thing is channeling too much energy for that fact to make much of difference.  His best bet is to get this thing out over the open water as quickly as possible before the suit’s systems short-circuit and he loses power.  He only feels like falling to his death once, thank you very kindly.
“She used to work for me, you know.”  He tries to keep his voice from reflecting sheer, internal terror.
He looks straight into Steve’s beautiful eyes, currently blown wide with need.  He needs to clarify so many things now that he finally can.
reading list, writing (drawing?) something in his notebook, and doing various bodyweight exercises.  Bodyweight.  Exercises.  (The first time he’d caught his least favorite SHIELD agent doing pushups, he’d nearly dropped his blowtorch.  He felt slightly guilty for stopping and watching Rogers’ five-minute set, but, well, he’s only human.  Besides, people who don't want to be spied on during their workout routines shouldn’t conduct said workout routine in the middle of a stakeout.)
“Besides, if not now, when?
When Tony unexpectedly places the winning bid, Steve needs answers.
“Tasha!”  Steph interjects if only to keep the other woman from carrying on for another forty-five minutes.
The SHIELD minion was waiting for me outside my lab this morning.  Make it stop!
.  (He refuses to question whether or not that term applies to him too.)  Dum-E nudges up against his palm in return, and Steve’s grateful for the fact that at least someone else is here to make noise.
Steve doesn’t really understand how JARVIS factors into this, but Steve’s not going to get between the woman and her tech. He might, however, spare Shellhead, so he turns to Natasha.
“I’m Tony, you’re Steve, and we’re safe in Stark Tower in New York.  No one’s after you.  It’s just you and me in a basement in Manhattan.  That’s it.”
Steve is late.
is probably the mildest word he can use to describe Tony’s reaction to the flip phone.  But to be fair, it’s been almost three weeks and Dum-E’s still scooting around with his toy, Tony’s glares notwithstanding.
Tasha, however, seems offended by her answer.  Her lips do that pursing thing that Steph absolutely hates, and one of her eyebrows lifts mockingly.  Steph feels obliged to explain.
“You’ve already said that.”
“But he did agree to, you know, date you, right?  You used that exact word?”
– but it’s nice to have someone who understands and won’t crank out useless platitudes.  If one more person thanks me for my service, I’m going to scream.”
“Again, unnecessary.  No Customer Relations and no trashing of my old phone.”
“Um, yeah…no.”  My enforced dates with stodgy rich people are called board meetings, and I get enough of them on a regular basis.  It’s easier to just write a check.”  When Steve’s eyes start to droop slightly, he can’t help but add.  “Rhodey’d probably be up for it, though.  You should give him a call.”
“Well, I have to keep living now.”  Steve smiles him, and despite the grunge and the sweat and the blood coating his face, it’s the most beautiful sight Tony’s ever seen.  “I promised you.  And, if you hadn’t heard already, I always keep my promises.”
“So, what exactly do you want me to do?” he asked dejectedly.
Nick Fury sat on his chair as the front door flew open. He looked up to see Captain America and Tony Stark as the two walked quietly to their presented seats and filled the empty space. He noticed the way Steve was eye-balling him to get on with the meeting. He complied and motioned Coulson to hand each file to the Avengers. Nick stood up, pressing a button on the oval table. A tri-color holograph of Spiderman swinging from the skyscraper to another skyscraper popped up on the huge screen as he began.
“Young sir is currently-”Jarvis paused for a bit, wondering how to explain this situation to the blond. “Well? Where is he?” Steve asked. “He is currently at the rooftop, sir.” Jarvis said. Steve blinked at that.
They were awesome. Peter couldn’t help but to let out a loud squeal and hugged his dad, chanting ‘thank you’ numerous times. Tony chuckled at the boy.
I wanted to re-read the Avengers Civil war issue #4, but my brother's bedroom is always locked whenever he left! :V So I can't re-read it, I was planning to maybe made a Superfamily Civil war version of my own, story, but since I can't read that comic that my brother had since he hide it his room that is always locked whenever he leave.
Peter nodded.
“Oh…I’m sorry but I really don’t know who he is. He just came up to me one time and asked me for the antidote to cure and stop Doctor.  After that I just handed him the formula when I was done making the antinode. He just wandered off and I never see him.” Gwen squeaked.
“But she doesn’t know the truth. I only told her lies, lies about I adopted the baby when the truth was that I actually stole the child from his biological parents from hospital with the help of my fellow co-workers. But I will be keeping and raising the child for future examination. With this, I can find any complications of the serum afterward or not as the infant grows older.” Mr. Parker said which sent the Avengers to gasp in shock and at the man’s declaration.
“Well you were not that easy to bait, Spiderman. Not easy to capture since you’re fast, smart, and all…but they were trying.” Nova said.
“Good. And one more thing…let me know if you find anything interesting about Spiderman and his location. Keep me up to date and send the information your group finds about Spiderman through Coulson.” the eye-patched man inhaled, “That’s all for today. I’ll let you and the rest of the Avengers handle this. Do whatever you can or have to do.  Just get me Spiderman” Nick Fury ordered which made Tony roll his eyes at him but nod his head. “We’ll do what we can, sir.” Steve said before Nick shoo-ed them out of the room.
It was around three pm when the meeting was over. Everyone headed back to their home. Spiderman even got to talk to Mr. Fantastic and met some of the Young Avengers since Nova said not everyone was present for a while; due to Richard Rider was away on a school field trip at the moment and wouldn’t be back for another week. The Daredevil and The Punisher’s son was away for a school camp.
