Dean took a seat against one of the trees, the sharp bark poking through his shirt. Cas sat on the other side of the fire. Dean kept looking at him through the warm glow of the flames, his face orange and yellow.
Cas was appreciative of Dean’s reassurance, or at least he appeared to be based on the small smile that was formed despite the effort made to keep his lips pressed firmly together.
As night began to settle on the horizon, Dean gathered wood and leave so that they could build a fire. The crackling flames not only provided a way to cook food, but it also provided warmth. It wasn’t particularly cold on the island, but the heat radiating from the fire reminded Dean of the indoors. So he enjoyed it.
Ignoring his bloody leg and being extra careful with his steps, he eventually got to where Cas was seated. He had adjusted himself into a more acceptable position, but his leg remained straight in front of him, his foot hanging limply at the end.
He would like to think that he had an eye for these sorts of things, given that he spends almost all of his time in a garage doing restoration work and repairs on cars. He could tell the difference between a well-loved car and one that sat around collecting dust. One thing was for sure- Novak took good care of his helicopter. Clean, tucked away from the crowd, hidden from the majority of the afternoon sun by surrounding trees. Maybe this wouldn’t be too bad afterall.
Cas’s head kept gently lolling to the side and Dean knew that the blow he took to his head had left him in pretty bad shape.
“Holy shit,” Sam scoffed. “I can’t believe you’re alive!” Sam spoke more with his hands than he did with his mouth. He kept parting his lips to say more, but nothing came out.
Castiel was being sincere, completely blaming the crash on himself. Dean could practically hear his internal monologue,
“Any word on your dad?” It was a harmless question, but it just reminded Dean about how shitty this whole situation is.
The helicopter was suddenly so close that they were backing away, trying to cover their ears with their free hands. The aircraft landed, blades spinning to stop as the sheer wind force kicked up sand in all directions. Both Dean and Cas turned away. Dean tried to shield his eyes, cover his ears, and hold onto Cas all at the same time.
Cas made a comment about Dean’s recklessness, then sauntered on down the beach. He didn’t say where he was going, but Dean assumed he was going to retrace their SOS in the sand. It hadn’t been completely washed away by the rain, but Dean silently agreed that it needed to be more visible.
“Dean Winchester?” The man asked as he approached, removing his pair of reflective sunglasses to reveal a set of blue eyes that competed with the ocean a few yards away.
Dean looked over at Castiel, his face just barely illuminated by the dying fire. Dean wanted Cas to look over at him, to just tear his eyes away from the fire for a second. But he didn’t. At least not until much later, long after the fire had died out. They hadn’t moved from their spots in the dark when Cas finally glanced over at Dean. It was so quick Dean almost missed it (he would have been pissed if that had happened), but Cas looked at Dean and their eyes met. Cas smiled softly, just barely the ends of his mouth turning up. It was almost impossible to see in the dark of the night, but the bright stars above assisted with that. Dean smiled back.
The wood door was already slightly ajar and Dean was conflicting on whether or not he should knock. He inhaled a deep breath and tapped lightly on the door before pushing it open.
Dean couldn’t stop thinking about the kiss. It lingered on his lips for hours after, it stuck to his tongue like a bad taste. Except it hadn’t been a bad taste; it had been a very good taste. Maybe it was the anger or the adrenaline that had been clouding Dean’s judgment at the time or maybe it was just because Castiel was an attractive dude but for whatever reason, Dean enjoyed kissing him.
The lightning was quickly followed by the thunder, which was somehow more deafening than the rain. Dean could feel the vibrations through the floor of the cabin, making his legs shake even more than they already were. He had one hand wrapped around his messenger bag, the other gripping the seatbelt tightly. He couldn’t help the small gasp that escaped from his lips when the helicopter dipped to the side, but he noticed it was just Cas steering them away from the middle of the storm.
Dean sat nervously in the middle of the back row of seats. The interior of the helicopter wasn’t too bad- the black plush seats had gone through their fair share of wear-and-tear, and there were a few mysterious stains on the floor, but Dean didn’t pay too much attention to his surroundings. He was trying his best not to look out the windows, but it was hard when he was practically surrounded by them. His curiosity had gotten the better of him a few times already, resulting in Dean leaning over to glance out the side window or look up out the front window. There was nothing but sky and ocean, melding into each other as the blues blurred and the horizon stretched on.
“I don’t care if I have to rent a kayak and row myself back home- I need to get off this fucking island!” He was lucky he was so charismatic, otherwise, he knows that he would have had security called on him by now and probably many times before. Moments like these are when Dean really appreciates how easy he finds it to make friends.
Dean nodded and noticed how Castiel’s eyes flicked down to the popsicle Dean was eating. The pilot tilted his head ever so slightly before standing up straight once again.
They worked their way through the jungle, Cas making comments about strange plants he thought he recognized from back home or out of a book. The guy was smart, Dean would give him that. He was much smarter than Dean, not that the bar was very high in the first place. Dean, unlike Cas, wasn’t exactly stopping to smell the roses. He was making a beeline for the helicopter wreckage and Cas was stalling behind him, picking at things on the trees. He was definitely out of it.
The man, assumed to be Novak, had a large jacket folded over his arm and a small bag in one of his hands. Not too many people walked up and down the docks carrying luggage while dressed in a suit. He gave a curt nod in Dean’s direction.
“I don’t think I’ll be going back to sleep anytime soon,” Cas chuckled. He seemed sad- really sad. Hopelessly sad.
“I can’t move my leg!” Cas panicked. He looked down at his leg and then back up at Dean with wide eyes.
Cas smiled and Dean suddenly became very afraid of what was going to come rolling off his tongue next. “I think we should climb the mountain.”
“Cas?!” Dean tried again. He ran down to the beach, scanning up and down in hopes to see Cas standing out in the water or digging around the helicopter wreckage. He wasn’t. He wasn’t standing in the sun collecting shells, he wasn’t out by the rocks trying to catch crabs, he wasn’t anywhere.
Dean crouched down in what was left of the cockpit. The inside was almost completely blackened from the fire and smoke. The metal was all warped and peeling, revealing nothing but fried wires and support beams in the walls. Out of sheer curiosity, Dean pressed the buttons on the dashboard. He wasn’t expecting the aircraft to roar to life, but it would have been nice to at least have
Dean eventually slipped off his shoes and made his way down to the water, rolling up his pants and clutching his crafted spear in his hand. He didn’t actually know if there would be any fish big enough to eat this close to the shore, but could you really complete the deserted island experience without trying to fish at least once?
“You can blame this on me if you want, Dean, but don’t forget that you were the one who was desperate enough to hire me! You were desperate enough to fucking drop almost one grand just to get back home instead of waiting out the storm like a normal fucking person would! If you hadn’t hired me in the first place then neither of us would be stuck here!” Cas was shouting, his voice resonating through the chilled island air.
Dean licked away at his margarita popsicle, wishing Charlie had brought him a bottle of whiskey instead. He knew that he could have just gone to his doctor and asked for some prescribed Xanax, but when has Dean liked to do things the easy way? Spoiler alert: Never.
Castiel finally looked down at Dean, his eyes wide and filled with panic. It took him a second but once he registered that Dean was there, his face went soft.
Dean blinked and swallowed the little bit of saliva hanging in his throat before nodding his head vigorously. “Yeah, yeah. Sounds great, man.”
It wasn’t like there was an abundance of activities to do on the island, but Dean managed to entertain himself for the majority of the day. He cracked open some more coconuts, carved his initials into a nearby tree truck like he was some disrespectful tourist, and even took a walk through their jungle backyard.
It was no secret that sleeping on the hard ground wasn’t good for your back. Dean wanted to stay asleep as long as he could because if he was asleep he could still pretend that he was at home. He could pretend that when he opened his eyes he wouldn’t see the treetop canopies and he wouldn’t see a rugged pilot asleep about 20 feet away from him.
Castiel smiled back, tilting his head when he looked at Dean. It wasn’t the same head tilt that he had done after he hit his head. It was as if he was studying Dean, really trying to silently ask him questions and somehow expecting an answer.
“I need to hire a pilot!” He panted, words barely audible over his heavy breathing. He wanted to sit down, maybe catch his breath, but there isn’t enough time. There was
“Can you move?” Dean asked. He could see the way Cas’s body was twisted; there was no way he was going to get out of this one without some damage.
Castiel took a few steps so that the sun was now shining directly on him, the light making his black hair look almost blue.
“Do you know where I can find Captain Novak- the helicopter pilot?” Dean inquired, snagging the attention of the middle-aged lady running the stand.
Dean toyed with his bottom lip for just a moment as he fell deep in thought before he jumped off the bed and grinned back at Cas. Cas tilted his head in that adorable puppy-like manner just as Dean ran out of the room and sprinted down the hall. It didn’t take long for him to find what he needed and he soon found himself back in Cas’s room proudly holding up a movie.
“When Jo called she made you sound desperate. She said you needed help and I-” Cas sighed, “I just want to help people. That’s all I’ve ever wanted to do.” His breath was shaking, his chest rising and falling at an unsteady rate. “You know, I didn’t get my pilot license to fly tourists back and forth across the islands- I wanted to join the Defence Force.”
Cas let out a deep breath and slowly turned around the face Dean. “I told you- nothing. Nothing’s going on.”
“Are you sick?” Cas blurted out. He needed answers. “Have you summoned something? Or- or made a deal?”
Dean nodded his head. “Yeah. Best time of my life. I got to kill Dave Mathers- well, I know he wasn’t the real Dave Mathers but still. Feels pretty cool that I can say that.”
Dean chuckled lightly, his eyes sparkling with the reflection of the television screen. “Yeah, yeah Cas it is.”
“It’s like that,” Cas said. Dean approached him and began to wipe the dried blood off the side of his face, trying to avoid accidentally putting Cas in even more pain. “Except instead of water, it’s high-speed winds.”
“Yeah,” Cas reassured him. He looked into the backseat where Dean was sitting, the first time he had done so the entire trip, and offered him a smile before adjusting in his seat. Dean watched as his hand shifted on the control stick, Cas had informed him that it was actually called a cyclic, and the helicopter gently dipped to the side, making Dean reach out and grab onto the seat.
Dean took a glance up at the sky; they were shrouded in dark clouds, but there was no rain. It was sure to catch up to them eventually, though.
Dean nodded his head wearily. He knew that on any other occasion he would be complaining about how stiff the hospital mattress seemed to be, but anything was luxurious when compared to sleeping on the jungle floor.
“We’re really stuck here, aren’t we?” Dean eventually said, not being able to tear his mind away from the thought of being back home.
Dean was a few paces behind Cas, not really paying too much attention to their surroundings as they made their way back down the mountain side. Dean still had the sinking feeling in his stomach- the feeling that they were going to be stuck here forever. He couldn’t seem to shake it off no matter how hard he tried to focus on other things.
“Everything alright, Captain?” Dean said, finally looking up from his phone screen. He glanced out the front window and the endless miles of blue sky had suddenly been taken over by a plume of dark clouds.
Dean couldn’t make out the words coming out of the phone and decided to give up trying. Whatever was said would be passed onto him as soon as Jo hung up. Which felt like it would never happen. Time had slowed down, Dean was sure of it. He couldn’t concentrate on anything that was coming out of Jo’s mouth, let alone actually comprehend it.
So that’s exactly what they did. Dean passed his bag over to Cas, who removed all the coconuts and the rock Dean claimed would break them open. He began to hack at them, the sound making Dean think about a knife on a wooden cutting board.
He was sure he looked like an idiot tossing his spear around the water, chasing after darting fish. They moved so quickly and he moved so slowly; it was going to be impossible to catch anything.
“Hey man, what the hell are you doing out here?” Dean cocked an eyebrow and loosely gestured to their exotic surroundings.
Dean didn’t know how exactly he should “brace for impact”, but he wasn’t exactly given much time to think. The helicopter clipped on something, whether it was the ground or the trees Dean didn’t know, but they were spinning even more so out of control than before. They were on their side when they finally hit the ground, skidding across the dirt and sand as Dean was jerked around in his seatbelt, the fabric digging into his shoulders. His head flung back into the seat, which he had thought was quite soft at one point but now felt like a ton of bricks. He could hear the metal warping as the helicopter was dragged across the ground by momentum, coming to stop only when they hit the edge of the jungle.
“You’re right, Dean. We are stuck here,” He spat, “That’s probably why I’ve been acting weird! I’m hungry, I’m tired, I’m terrified for my life! I want to go home!”
Cas smiled briefly and bid Dean a good morning, which was cut off by a long yawn. The cut on the side of his head looked okay, at least from where Dean was standing. He couldn’t see any sign of infection, not yet, at least.
But, nonetheless, Castiel insisted Dean bring him things to do. So Cas spent the day shucking coconuts and braiding together thin strips of wood. They had no purpose for any rope-like material, but Cas said it was fun and it kept him busy. He ended up making a little bracelet, which he gifted to Dean. Dean accepted without hesitation.
Cas kept saying that he wanted to help with something, wanted to do something to make up for all the damage he’s caused. Of course, Dean kept telling him that there was no damage to make up for. That getting a severe concussion wasn’t his fault.
“Don’t think I can’t see you wiping your hands on your pants every five minutes,” Castiel laughed. It was a warm laugh; warmer than the sun-bleached beaches he had spent the past few days visiting. Warmer than those weird steaming shots he and Charlie did the first night they arrived. Warmer than the stuffy air inside the helicopter cabin.
“Cas,” Dean said sternly, “You can’t shut down like this. Not now, not when we’ve made it this far. We’re going to get out of here, together. I know you aren’t at full capacity but you’ve gotta stay with me- just keep that pilot light burning. You can’t give up right now- okay? I’m not just going to push you away because you think you can’t help. It doesn’t matter how helpful you think you are, I’m not basing my opinion on you based on what you can and can’t do. You aren’t a tool, Cas.”
“I’m sorry for getting blood all over your Led Zeppelin shirt,” Cas held up the grey shirt Dean had given to him, which now had a large dark in the middle of it. Dean brushed it off, told Cas it didn’t matter because well, it didn’t matter at all. What mattered is that Dean isn’t stuck on an island with a corpse keeping him company instead of a living, breathing person.
Cas froze for a second and Dean watched as his shoulders dropped. He reached over his shoulder and took the lighter from between Dean’s fingers without turning to look at him. He struck the lighter, a small flame suddenly grew into a large one as he fed the fire, eventually handing the lighter back to Dean.
When Dean wasn’t actively trying to avoid Castiel, he was trying to distract himself from the hunger he felt. Not just hunger for food, but the hunger for just about everything. He had tried to accept his situation multiple times by now, but no matter how many times he tried to put on a brave face his insides would always be desperate to return home.
“Well...I think it’s good because the people you love are there, and the things you thought were good during your life on Earth are there, too. Coffee, for example.”
Cas toppled the demon, pinning him to the floor with their blade. The demon’s essence sparked and hissed before going dark, leaving only an empty corpse behind. Cas yanked their blade from the demon’s back and straightened, avoiding Diana’s shocked stare.
The angel tipped their head back, letting gravity push a tear down their cheek. Their breath rattled unfamiliar in their throat. “Did I disgust you that much? Did I mean so little to you? I don’t want to believe that, I can’t believe that, but - I still can’t get it out of my head. The doubt. Doubt was my weakness in so many ways, Dean, but never with you. I just… I don’t know, Dean. Forgive me my anger. I will try to think the best of you.”
Cas started to answer, but Diana’s gaze snapped to the door as Sam walked in. “Sam, you gotta hear -”
The gun barrel left their back, and footsteps crunched against the cracked concrete. A hint of color edged into the corner of their vision, and then the woman was standing in front of Cas, the last of the sunlight glinting off her pistol and kindling her red lipstick into something Cas was certain could burn them.
, to smooth over what happened last night. Cas dutifully raised the cup to their lips and took a sip. The instant the bitter coffee hit their tongue, they knew where the beans had been farmed, how much rain they had received, when they had been harvested, who had picked them, who had roasted them, who had poured the brew into the paper cup and snapped a lid on it. They knew the chemical makeup down to the number of molecules this cup could hold.
But he had been right about one thing - it only took a little bit of research before Cas realized that the Mississippi Mangler was just a werewolf, and it either nested or hunted in the warehouse district. Cas slipped their blade from their sleeve, the weight comforting as they approached a brick building with cracked windows that fragmented the light of the sunset. They couldn’t even tell what sense had drawn them to this building out of the dozens just like it, but they knew it was the one.
The demon plastered on an attempt at a cocky smile. “Is this really the impression you want to make on these hunters? You know humans scare easily.”
When Cas didn’t answer, he burst out laughing. “Oh, I’ve heard about you. Angel of Thursday. God’s perfect killing machine, with the power to rain vengeance on the earth, and you followed a human around for years like a puppy.”
Diana’s gaze locked onto Cas’s, and she slowly, deliberately sucked one of her fingers into her mouth. Cas whimpered, their stomach coiled tight with wanting. Diana withdrew her finger from her lips, keeping eye contact as her hand moved between Cas’s legs. Cas forced themselves to relax, and Diana’s finger slipped inside them easily, eliciting a moan from both of them.
That was a memory of Dean that Cas tried not to remember - looking into those green eyes gone black and seeing the light of his soul twisted into something hideous.
Diana grinned. “And how do we, uh… get there? I’m guessing a party that swanky has a bruiser of a bouncer.”
There had been so many times that Cas had ended up in that hallway, their fingertips resting gently against the door, trying to feel a heartbeat on the other side, hear a whisper of rock music or a bark of laughter. They didn’t know how many hours, days, even weeks had been lost just waiting on the wrong side of an unlocked door with everything they’d ever wanted on the other side.
Cas kept their gaze fixed upward. They could see the stars again, glowing dimly against the strip of black sky visible between the buildings towering above them. They swallowed hard and lightly thumped their head against the bricks again before looking down at Diana.
Diana smirked around a bite of cherry pie. “I said you’re a little short for a stormtrooper. And a little spacey, by the looks of it.”
The green on Cas’s left thumb, though - that was alright. Cas stopped at a drugstore to find the shade, or the closest match, and sat down right on the curb in the parking lot and painted over every nail with ‘Shamrock Your World.’ As they let the polish dry, Cas studied the sky above the parking lot, the people passing by, the cars silently roasting in the sun. The light was bright enough they had to squint. The only person to glance their way was a six-year old named Amy (Cas overheard that) who thought Cas looked like one of her old babysitters (Cas didn’t overhear that). None of the cars had names that Cas remembered hearing, and Cas had a long list stored in their head, from the last time. It wasn’t enough, though.
to make her look back, she couldn’t just leave like this, Cas had already watched Dean walk away so many times -
Cas’s eyes slid shut, letting old memories run through their mind like well-worn tape through a cassette. Dean driving at night, the street lamps creating a rhythm of light and shadow over his features. Dean asleep in his room at the bunker, pretending he hadn’t left a chair angled toward his bed for Cas to sit in. Dean, bloodied and on his knees, grasping Cas’s sleeve as the words
The corner of the woman’s lip curled into a smirk, and her gaze raked over Cas from head to toe. “Uh huh. You look a little wimpy for a hunter, anyway, but that still doesn’t explain what you’re doing in the warehouse district at night, stabbing werewolves with a - is that even a silver knife?”
“For your eighth birthday. You wished for a pillow, because you were tired of the flat ones that every motel had.”
Diana gave a little shake of her head and sat down on the other side of the motel’s table. “Right. You find anything in any of these?”
Diana must have sensed the tension in their body, because she sat back on her heels. “Oh, come on, baby, you already said there’s nothing sinful about it. Why get cold feet now?”
Cas hadn’t even known Dean was missing until his heaven disappeared. One day, there was a sign in heaven’s hallway reading
Cas faltered under her fierce stare. They might know everything about Dean’s last life, but the person standing before them now was nearly a stranger. The structure of Dean’s soul remained the same, but there were new layers to it, new personality traits created by new memories created by new experiences.
Cas’s green-painted fingernails tugged at the sleeve of their vessel’s blazer. As much as Maggie had loved bright colors, her job at the museum hadn’t allowed for much self-expression - the nail polish had been her one silent rebellion. Cas swallowed a quick flutter of guilt. “I didn’t have time to change.”
In answer, Cas grabbed the front of Diana’s t-shirt and yanked her into a kiss. As their lips met, the rest of the lights in the alley popped and fizzed and spat greedy sparks into the air before going dark. One of Cas’s hands slid up to cradle the back of Diana’s head, fingers tangling into her hair and gripping it tightly. Diana gave a pleased hum that vibrated against Cas’s lips, and a car alarm started wailing the next block over. They opened their mouth and Diana’s tongue was immediately there to steal their breath, and after so, so long, they finally knew the answer to the question that had haunted them since they first began to consider disobedience.
The demon’s eyes flashed black as he turned his attention toward the hunter. “Do you think you’ve got
As they started toward the bar’s back door, Diana got to her feet. “Your loss. You saving yourself for someone, or what?”
That night, Cas watched over Diana as she slept. It was an old habit, really, and one they realized they had missed. Standing quietly by Diana’s bed, watching her shift in her sleep, listening to her slow breathing and sudden sighs, tracking the slow change of the light through the hours. Even though Cas couldn’t sleep, they found a kind of rest in this. There was a kind of rhythm to the sweep of passing headlights piercing through the gap in the curtain, and the breathing of the Winchesters. Cas closed their eyes, feeling something like peace for the first time in a long time
Diana stepped toward them, and Cas froze as she brushed a thumb across their cheek. She stared curiously at the tear glistening on the pad of her thumb, then lifted her gaze to meet Cas’s eyes.
Internally, Cas breathed a sigh of relief. That conversation could wait for another day. That, and the whole “coffee and food just tastes like molecules” talk. They left their cup on the table, hoping it would be cold by the time they got back.
“That’s not true,” Cas managed, but they could hear the uncertainty and defensiveness tightening their throat.
“‘- Should be still to dare,’” Cas growled. He was going to have a word with Jack’s mother about the reading material she gave him.
Sam snorted. Diana’s gaze flicked over Cas’s body. “Your whole business-casual thing is telling another story, buddy.”
Cas’s palms were damp and their mouth was dry. That was wrong, wasn’t it? The opposite of what it should be?
Diana fiddled with the top button of their shirt, then gave a soft growl and gave up, yanking the shirt open. Her hands instantly found Cas’s breasts, cupping and squeezing and moving in a way that Cas had never thought to try but was thrilled that someone had. She buried her face against Cas’s chest, pressing a kiss over their heart. Cas took a sharp breath, dimly aware that their fingers had become entwined in Diana’s hair at some point. Then Diana’s tongue trailed up the slope of their breast, and their awareness quickly narrowed to the glide of her tongue over their skin. Diana smiled and kissed her, a new smudge of lipstick marking Cas’s chest.
“What are you -” Cas’s head tipped back and hit the brick wall behind them as Diana’s lips found their hip bone. “
They should have known. Cas cursed themselves under their breath as they flipped their blade back into a ready position. They had known some alright demons over the years. Hell, they had even
Dean almost chuckled. “No, Cas. I was going to tell you to come sit next to me and watch a movie. You spend so much time just…
Dean could see the fire inside Cas die down as the silence got longer, but neither of them said anything. Dean hadn’t meant to say there was something wrong with Cas, not like that. He hadn’t meant it like that.
Cas leaned in closer and Dean could feel Cas’s heated breath spread over his face. “The only thing that’s going to get us killed is your recklessness and pessimistic attitude, so why don’t you just shut your fucking mouth?”
Dean saw the thin tube attached to the inside of his forearm leading back up to a bag hanging on a hook.
Dean finally allowed himself to lower his gun. He raised an eyebrow in Cas’s direction and only then saw how tired Castiel looked. He had dark circles under his eyes and appeared paler than normal. His face was coated in a layer of sweat and his hands were trembling as they rested on top of the comforter.
Dean was determined to find something useful among the helicopter wreckage despite the fact that deep down he knew there was nothing salvageable. He crawled over the pilot chairs and into the back row, where he had been sitting when they crash landed. There was a large split down the center of the chopper and Dean stepped over it, trying to avoid getting electrocuted by any of the potentially live wires jutting out from the floor.
“Why do you need to hire a pilot?” She cocked her head to the side but didn’t lift her eyes from the notepad.
“Yeah, well, nobody asked you,” Jo retorted. She pushed her hair back and pulled a face in Gabriel’s direction. Turning back to Dean, she said, “Gabe here is right. Captain Novak is probably the only person who is just crazy enough to go out in this kind of weather.”
In theory, yeah, that’s what supposed to happen. But Dean could hear the hint of sadness in Cas’s voice.
Dean rolled his eyes and internally mocked Cas. “Yeah, well, we’re going to freeze to death down here and you’re going to miss it. So, joke’s on you.”
He looked as if he was on the verge of tears. It was clear that the subject at hand was like a dam that had begun to crack and the more Dean asked, the more water would come flowing through. At some point, though, the dam was going to come down.
Dean smiled warmly. He shouldn’t have had to think about it for as long as he did, but when he finally remembered that he was actually supposed to give an answer, he nodded his head. “Yeah, yeah you can kiss me.”
What followed was a complete blur. The second the helicopter doors popped open, Dean heard someone screaming his name. When Dean saw the flash of red hair he immediately knew it was Charlie, who tackled him to the ground and started shouting. She was a mess, hugging him tightly and saying how she knew that Dean was alive, how she knew that they would find him. Dean thinks she mentioned something about having to hire her own search team.
“Call him, please,” Dean begged. “Price isn’t a problem- I’ll pay him whatever absurd amount he requests. I just need to get home.”
Cas’s eyes lingered on Dean and he could read the energy flowing through his body. It was a difficult thing to explain to an outsider, but he could sense what Dean was feeling. It was a few steps away from mind reading. Castiel essentially had an angelic mood sensor.
The smoke began to crawl into the blue sky and Dean could just barely see the tiny speck of a helicopter on the horizon.
Despite Dean telling him that he needed to take it easy, Castiel yanked himself to his feet with the help of the tree trunk he had been sitting against. Cas kept saying that he was fine, that he hadn’t actually hit his head that hard. Dean realized it would be easier to work with Cas instead of fighting against him
“Well… can’t you get back here and fix it with your angel mojo?” Dean sighed, toying with the empty beer bottle on the table.
But Cas? Dean hadn’t even known Castiel for a day but he knew that he deserved to be saved. Dean could just tell, he didn’t need proof, that Cas was a good person. That he cared. That he had decided to fly out in this storm because he wanted to help, he wanted to make someone’s day better. There was no way in hell those bright blue eyes could hurt someone, not even if he tried.
Instead of looking out the windows, Dean watched Castiel’s hand grip the large joystick jutting out from between his legs. He would adjust the position of it by barely a centimeter, his eyes locked onto the screens that decorated the control panel in front of him.
At last, Dean melted into Cas’s touch. He wrapped his arms around the angel and buried his face into the crook of Cas’s neck, breathing out hot air that gave him goosebumps up and down his arms.
They couldn’t stand to be up there any longer. They had put off climbing the mountain for so long Dean couldn’t help but have hope for what they would find at the top. The mountain was his way of thinking that maybe there was someone else out there, maybe there was a way off that they just hadn’t found yet. But there wasn’t. There was quite literally nothing. Any bit of hope Dean had left had drained from his body.
Dean eyed the smoke that was surrounding the outside of the aircraft, the grey plume already reminding him of the storm that was lurking overhead.
“Dean,” Cas said as he followed closely behind Dean, “It’s useless. Everything in there is going to be all burned up.”
He knew it was stupid. It was something you could only get away with in cheesy romance movies, but it wasn’t going to stop him from trying. Dean let out a fake yawn and he stretched out his arms, allowing one of them to wrap tenderly around Cas’s shoulders. He was biting his tongue in anticipation, but when Cas showed no sign of annoyance Dean let out a sigh of relief.
“Is there anything else on your mind, Dean?” Castiel whispered, his lips just barely hovering over Dean’s.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and hugged him. At first, Dean was stiff and tense. He stayed rigid and Castiel could tell that Dean was fighting against every instinct he had. He was fighting against caving in. It was like a hungry street dig being tainted with a piece of steak.
Dean pushed open his eyes and tried to focus his vision. Standing next to his bed was a tall figure and it didn’t take Dean very long to realize who it was.
He shoved Cas off, pushing him much harder than intended, and locked eyes with him. Those cold blue eyes, suddenly gone all warm from the fire burning deep within them. Dean wiped at the bottom of his lip with the edge of his thumb, wanting to pretend to be angry but instead just being careful not to wipe away the feeling Cas left behind.
Dean felt a shiver run up his spine, but he didn’t know if it was from the cold temperature or because Cas was sitting so close to him. Dean looked over at his angel friend before leaning into him, gently resting his head on Cas’ shoulder.
Cas looked at Dean the same way Dean’s father looked at him when he knew he was lying. It was unsettling as if he could see right through him.
It was like Castiel couldn’t hear him. When he finally turned to face Dean, his eyes were completely glossed over and he had a dopey smile on his lips.
Dean found himself a lengthy stick that he deemed appropriate for a spear. He and Cas were in their own little worlds, not exchanging a single glance (at least not at the same time). As Dean picked at the end of his spear with a rock, he would occasionally sneak glances at Cas working his way around the outside of a coconut.
Castiel watched Dean, a hobby he accidentally picked up as the years progressed, as he sat at the kitchen table. He was hesitantly typing away on his laptop, his eyes scanning slowly over the page before him. Castiel couldn’t see what he was reading from his position in the doorway but based on the way Dean’s eyes squinted and he toyed with his lip in perplexion, Cas assumed he was reading a piece of confusing lore.
Cas murmured something under his breath and drew his knees up to his chest, resting his chin atop of them.
and break them open,” Dean said, holding up the sharp rock he had found. “Maybe we can write “help” in the sand too.”
Jo seemed unbothered by Dean’s panicked plea and she continued to scratch something down on a yellow notepad. Dean couldn’t see what she was writing.
Castiel gestured vaguely in the direction of his head before locking his fingers in his dark hair, which was already a mess to begin with.
Dean sighed. “You hit your head in the crash. You probably just have a really nasty concussion and that’s fine, but you need to say that you aren’t up to par! It’s not going to do either of us any good if you keep acting like there’s nothing wrong!”
“I know what you meant,” Castiel retorted. “And yes, we did. I was born in America but my mom scooped us all up and moved us down to the Bahamas when she felt it was time for a fresh start. Best damn decision ever made, if you ask me.”
So he did. Thin sandals slapping against the hot concrete, messenger bag bouncing against his side, groups of teenagers exclaiming as he almost knocked into them, employees on golf carts who definitely had the right-of-way when it came to navigating the sidewalk. He ran past them all- squeezing between groups of people who didn’t know any better. Who didn’t know what was going on in his life that made him run so fast he could feel each heavy step shoot through his bones.
“So this microburst,” Dean let Castiel take the shirt from him and hold it to the side of his head. That should stop the bleeding. “Is strong enough to knock a helicopter into the ocean?”
Cas turned his head over his shoulder, maybe planning on saying something to Dean, before he began to walk away again.
.” He didn’t really know what he was expecting; maybe another island nearby? Maybe they would see a boat on the horizon? But there was nothing. Dean felt uneasy and he clutched his stomach, suddenly fueled with the desire to vomit.
Sam gently pushed on Dean’s shoulder, trying to get him to get back into the bed. “That’s really not smart right now. You’re going to tear your stitches!”
Dean tried to hide his smile. His teeth dug into his bottom lip as he tried to bite back the grin that would form if he failed to control it. Cas had no idea what his death did to Dean. He had no idea the way it ate at him and took over his mind, plaguing it with nightmares and guilty thoughts. He had no idea that Dean would beat himself up for days to come, regretting every move he made and thinking how he could have done things differently. How he could have saved Castiel.
The next time Dean was fully awake, he was no longer in the helicopter. The bright lights burned worse than the sun and rendered him disoriented. Everything seemed so bright (the stark white walls didn’t help) and he had a
Dean swallowed and quickly realized how dry his mouth had gone before he tore his eyes away from Cas and stormed past him, making his way down the beach.
“Fuck!” Cas cursed as he skidded down the slope. It wasn’t an actual drop, more like a steep decline, but Dean was panicking nonetheless.
Sam smiled softly and fiddled with his hands in his lap. He shook his head gently and didn’t look up when he began to speak. “He’s uh,” Sam cleared his throat, “Comatose. He got banged up pretty bad in the wreck and the doctors can’t say much.”
Cas used his free hand and cupped the side of Dean’s face, running his thumb over the stubble on his cheek. Cas leaned in first, but Dean couldn’t help but meet him halfway. It was much softer than the first time they had kissed, but no less exhilarating. Dean’s heart pounded in his chest and he tightened his hands around Cas’s waist, suddenly needing him to be closer.
He dug through it quickly and fumbled with his lighter, quickly striking it and holding it under a palm leaf he picked up from the ground. Once lit, he tossed it into the pile of ash left over from their previous fires. Cas figured out what Dean was doing and began quickly adding scraps to the pile, trying to find anything to burn just so they could make more smoke. More smoke meant they were more noticeable.
“You could call up Novak,” Gabriel scoffed from the corner in a derogatory tone. Despite the tone, though, Dean noticed a faint smile on his face. Novak must have been a friend of his.
“If everything is fine then why were you running around in the middle of the jungle? I thought we agreed to stay within shouting distance,” Dean said sternly.
“Castiel?!” Dean screamed, running through their little base camp and into the thick jungle beyond it.
“Do you remember when we went to Dodge City?” Cas smiled, watching the gunslinging cowboys move across the screen.
The rain started outside. It wasn’t heavy, just steady. Dean knew that they were going to have to rewrite their SOS in the sand the next morning, but he wouldn’t mind. Writing SOS in the sand meant they had hope. It meant they still believed someone was coming for them. That there was a chance they could be saved.
“You’re funny, too. Even if you don’t mean to be. Not to mention you’ve been through so much with us and even after all the crap we- after all the crap
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll call him for you,” She grumbled, scooping up the phone that sat next to the desktop.
Dean pulled up his legs and sat cross-legged in front of someone he would consider his best friend. “So what if you don’t have your grace? That doesn’t mean you’re useless! Cas, do you think we kept you around just because you’re an angel? You’re our friend- you’re part of our
“Did I miss anything exciting?” Dean asked. He looked away from where his legs were under the blue sheet and turned to face Sam.
Either that or he was reading something completely different. Humans were funny like that- just as soon as you think you’ve figured them out you realize just how deep and complex they are.
Night had fallen moments ago, shrouding the island in darkness. Dean found tranquility in watching the dark waves crash against the shoreline. He had lived in Kansas for practically his entire life and didn’t get the chance to visit the ocean much throughout his time on Earth. He regretted that. He wanted to dig his toes into the sand and drink more of those stupid brightly colored drinks. He didn’t get to do that enough. If he was going to be trapped on this island forever, one thing he would regret was not going to the beach more.
He remembers being hungry. His dad was always on the road, always shuffling him and Sammy around from time to time. Sometimes they’d run out of money, sometimes they’d be eating stale cereal for days. But at the end of the day it was the closest to home he had gotten. They both grew up, got jobs, and moved on with their lives. His childhood didn’t define him.
“Can’t hurt to look, though,” Dean approached the charred hunk of metal that lay across the sand. It was like a dead animal; once so strong and mighty only be shot down by the hunters of the world.
“Plus, like I said, we don’t keep you around just because you’re an angel,” Dean told him. “I mean, yeah, it was nice to have some Heavenly back up sometimes, but just because you’re human doesn’t mean you’re dead weight. You’re strong as hell, Cas. You can wield a blade like nobody’s business and punch somebody into next week. You’re a freakin’ genius too- you know all this stuff about demons and angels that won’t be found in any lore books. You’re always there when we need you.”
“Woah, Cas, pump the brakes!” Dean exclaimed. Cas was on top of him but it seemed like he didn’t even realize Dean was underneath him, lying on dirt from the collision he had just caused. “Are you alright?”
Dean confirmed his assumption before he remembered his interaction with Gabriel earlier. “You have a brother, right? Gabriel?”
Cas tilted his head, his black hair reflecting the sunlight, “You mean like a significant other? No, no I do not. You?”
Cas was exhausted. His body was somehow aching and numb at the same time. He was practically gasping for air, trying his best to get the fill he needed.
The trees were providing Dean with a nice shade, protecting him from the harsh sun. Water occasionally dripped down from the canopies, sending a cool chill down his spine every time it did so. He was already thinking about his shower back home in Kansas. Thinking about his little house with a park just across the street. Thinking about waking up for his mundane job at the auto shop and then coming home with grease all over his hands. Thinking about a nice beer to accompany whatever cable TV had to offer that night.
Dean couldn’t stop checking his watch. He knew it was a twenty minute walk down to the docks, which would be easier than waiting to catch and shuttle (and having to pay for it). Despite the fact that he was hiring this guy, Dean still couldn’t shake the feeling that he was going to miss his flight, so to speak. He ended up bidding Gabriel goodbye at about half past two, just an hour before he needed to meet with Captain Novak.
They bantered back and forth, discussing things that had been happening around the island. It was just basic small talk, even though there was nothing small about the conversation given that it ate up about an hour's worth of time.
“Are you hungry?” Cas knew Dean was never fond of when he had his ‘mind read’. Something about personal space and a lack of privacy.
“What even happened out there?” Dean asked as he began to dig through his bag in search of something to help protect Cas’s wound.
After throwing the cold coffee in the garbage, Cas lost track of how long they stood in the center of the motel room, feeling full of
Cas opened their mouth to protest, but caught a glimmer of anticipation in Diana’s eyes. She was trying to be
Her hands found the top of Cas’s pants and she quickly unfastened them, sliding them lower around their hips. She left a trail of red kisses down Cas’s stomach as she knelt in front of them.
Not-Dean flicked an amused glance at Sam before turning to Cas. “C’mon, honey, everyone knows angels aren’t real.”
The vessel Cas had chosen had a chipped rainbow across both hands - never the same color twice. It made Cas strangely self-conscious, despite the fact that their vessel was female this time. The gender didn’t matter, it was just -
Eventually they arrived and to say that Cas had slightly over exaggerated was a monumental understatement! Dean had lived in a two bedroom house in as he put it ‘butt fuck nowhere’ now he was living in a house with well over twenty-five bedrooms plus sitting rooms and three dining rooms. Like what place has three dining rooms? Though he was excited to see Charlie and Benny again; Charlie ran over and hugged him where as benny gave him a coy smile and a nod. Apparently they were to be his security; surprisingly he was alright with that.
A little later on in the evening Balthazar was on duty outside the Cas’s room, the night shift was pretty easy Cas never had visitors past 22:30; so it meant he could read a book or surf the web. Apparently tonight was not going the usual night. As a man came running up the stairs stopping after looking towards him. Balthazar rolled his eyes great Omega hoping to get in good with his highness.
“The palace, I have to introduce you to my parents. Then we will head to our estate in the country” Cas informed him matter-of-factly. The soft oh from his mate made him continue “Don’t worry your be fine” Dean nodded to himself then his Alpha thinking to himself
He hurt, his stomach muscles ached he vaguely remembered that an Alpha said he’d take the pain away, but something happened and now he’s in the back of a car and it hurts. He was sat on a lap head in the crock in the neck, taking a deep breaths in he smelt it that whisky smell that made him feel safe and loved. “Alpha?” he groaned
"Umm yes...I'm not a huge fan of flying so Ca...I mean Alpha bite my neck" the way Lucifer's eyes looked at that moment in time was like a predictor had just located a prised slice of meat. Before the convention could continue however Castiel lead the party towards the main dinning room, ensuring that Dean was infront of him the whole time, not so subtlety forming a wall between him and his brother.
He swallowed and steeled himself against the demons in his head “I just don’t understand how you could still you know” he voice was low barely audible but it was just enough for Cas’s hearing to pick up. He paused not expecting this, truth be told he didn’t really know what had caused this argument.
He had just finished throwing his guts up for maybe the third time when he heard someone enter the bathroom. It was Cas it was always Cas, he always came no matter what. Dean found it hard to find it endearing right now, head in the toilet. Kelling down Cas started massaging his scalp at any other time he’d find it amazing, but right now for some reason he found that insanely annoying. Then Castiel cooed into his ear “Sweetheart, I love you. You know” rubbing cycles into his scalp he adjusted his position so he was sat beside him on the floor of the bathroom.
Turning towards his room he glanced over his shoulder “Major, Dean’s staying the night. We are not to be disturbed” and walked briskly into his room closing the door with his heal of his foot, all without wanting or needing a response from Balthazar. Leaving the stunned British beta looking after them; he shrugged and muttered to himself “When in Rome” cancelling the alert to his men.
Cas the poor man could only see his naked Omega, leak slick beneath him “Mine, knot, bed” was the only response he could come up with all guttural and grants making Dean thrum with even more arousal “okay come one then” he said as he pushed Cas off just enough to present to his.
That was not the reaction Dean had expected, his Alpha going nuts and knotting him here yes, But not staring straight at it like it had personally offended him definitely not. “Um yeah baby, did, did I do something wrong? Do you not like it?” he hesitantly said quietly into his Alpha’s arms. Unfortunately Cas wasn’t listening he suddenly dropped his arms and ran towards the bedroom, muttering to himself. Leaving a stunned Dean standing looking at his ‘surprise’ gift “Cas?” Dean almost cried after his retreating Alpha. No response was given for the retreating Alpha.
Once inside the room he placed Dean down on the bed “Okay sweetheart, let me get undressed” that did it Alpha was getting undressed he was finally going to get that knot! Dean attempted to stand but the dizziness took over and he fall back down on the bed. Catching the eyes of his Alpha, he wasn’t amused by Dean’s attempts; so he settled on watching his Alpha get undressed, his hands ghosting over his body moving down sliding a finger or two inside his wet hole. It didn’t help. Finally Cas was fully naked he prowled over leaning down and rumbling in his ear “Sweetheart, what are you doing?”
after a moment his face split in the most evil smile Castiel has ever seen on his brother “We’ll be by later this week, I suggest you head to the Palace and present yourselves to mother and Farther, Castiel” before Castiel could comment Lucifer turned on his heal and briskly walked way form the pair.
” John had gone full Alpha voice again hoping that he could blackmail Cas into handing over a small fortune for the Omega, what he didn’t expect was said Omega to punch him square in the jaw; He fell to the floor clutching his shattered jaw
even though Cas had said not to worry he was slowly driving himself crazy. Waiting there his fingers dancing in the air hoping that they would approve. Then he herd Castiel’s mother speak “Now introduce use would you?” his head snapped up and he took a half step towards his Alpha. Then faltered and stepped back
So to sum up Dean’s day so far it started with a monumental meh, then came the literal hottest shower sex ever, got worse when his Dad, Sam and that douche Michael showed up pissed Cas off. And now he was stood in the middle of the room waiting for Cas to shout or divert that anger towards Dean or any number of outcomes that were running though his head. What he didn’t expect was for Cas to grab him by the neck and back him up against the nearest wall, blocking the smaller man in with his superior size. Leaning down he took a massive whiff straight from Dean’s scent gland growing low in his throat.
Dean instantly had concerns that Cas had told someone else about something so private “Oh he, he told you” he muttered under his breath. Charlie who quickly realised her misstep amended her statement “Oh god no, Cas is a darling. He said that you wanted to drop into an Omega store. I put two and two together.” smiling towards him.
All the tension flowed out of Dean, he was safe warm and loved; his Alpha was here. “Great got some good plugs” he said as he pulled out the packet of
Then suddenly just as the doors where almost closed and Dean’s hope along with it, a hand blocked them from closing completely “Major what’s going on here? Dean why are you here?” oh that whisky honey voice Dean almost melted. Jumping towards that source; totally ignoring the other man standing there. This time though Cas was ready his arms came down to hold Dean close hands fitting over Dean’s perfect ass. As the Omega’s arms and legs hocked around him, like a spider monkey. Then Dean tucked his head next to Cas’s ear slowly breathing in and out soaking sent Cas up.
Cass pulled back first to lean back into the chair, causing dean to follow tucking his head underneath Cas’s chin, already drifting off to sleep. Apparently the day’s events were catching up with him quicker than he though. Cas simply smiled and pulled Dean closer whispering “Hush now I’ve got you” but by the time he had finished the sentence Dean was already fast asleep.
Apparently Cas was not going to be reassured so easy “Dean, sweetheart are you okay? I was too rough?” his hands finished their survey of the omega, thankfully no major cuts only a reopened mating mark on his neck; pulling away well as fair as his knot would allow. He refused to make it any worse from the Omega.
“Very well brother. I saw Dean at the local shops, he was being assaulted by another Alpha, I intervened and took him home.”
He was in a total spiral knowing that every second he didn’t go back out there was another second that Dean would never forgive him for. That was until there came a knock at the door. Cas stopped pacing eyes locked on the handle that tried to move. When had he locked it?
“Don’t mention it Dean I’m glad I could help” their drive was pretty quiet after that. Eventually Cas pulled up at the address that Dean had given him “Do you need any help Dean? I can carry you to the door, or you can lean on me if you wanna walk?”
Instantly he heard his voice “NO, NO, NO NONONO” he heard a growl “Alastair I suggest you leave before I rip your head off and present it to this Omega that you’ve obviously traumatised” then there was a smile and arms coming down to pick him up. He tensed was it Alastair that was picking him up. “Hush Omega, my name is Castiel and I’m going to take you home” placing Dean in the back of baby he slid himself into the front and started the engine “now can you tell me your name? and where you live?”
Dean then turned on his foot and walled straight into the house, poking his head out the door “Are you too gonna stay out there being big scary Alphas or you gonna come in and act normal? Cause I promised Cas a cup of tea” then murmured under his breath “weird British Alpha” causing both Sam and Cas to smile. Dean really was getting back to normal.
Dean, still keeping his gun cocked and aimed, relaxed his shoulders a bit. “I heard you yell. Is everything alright? Did someone get in?”
Castiel sighed and took a seat on the edge of the bed, seemingly miles away from where Dean was positioned. It was almost like he was trying to make things awkward. Cas kept his posture stiff and his eyes glued to the laptop at the end of the bed. Dean, on the other hand, was looking anywhere but the screen. He was bearing a hole into the back of Castiel’s head, hoping that he would just turn around.
“What do you really think we’re going to find up there?” Dean picked at the leftover crab that had somehow got itself stuck between his teeth. He missed burgers.
“Damnit, Cas! Listen to yourself!” Dean snapped, “You keep staring into space, not listening to me. You just wandered off and now you refuse to tell me why! We are stuck here together and as unfortunate as that may be, it would be a lot easier if we just acted like a team.”
“Where are we?” Dean looked around their little clearing as if he was expecting there to be a big flashy welcome sign for stranded tourists.
He pushed his way through the thick leaves of the low lying plants and just knew that his arms were going to get scraped up from the vines and thorns he got snagged on. He almost tripped more than once, even hit the ground a few times, but the only thing he could do was keep looking.
He collected a whole bunch of coconuts by the time he came across the cliff face. It rocketed upwards, looming high over Dean. He could see where it turned from a mountain into a hill but realized that he should be heading back soon. He wasn’t cut out to climb a mountain today. Instead, he walked along the side of the rocky mountain, letting his hand scrape over the dark rock. It felt good under his fingertips- the rough texture reminded him that he was alive. That he had survived the crash.
Dean nodded his head rapidly. “That’s all.” Dean knew that Cas could tell that he was hiding more, but he just prayed that he wouldn’t press for any more details.
Dean sat still for a moment, partially hanging on his side as he tried to calm himself down. The ceiling and wall around him were completely caved in and dented, the windows shattered to the point where there wasn’t any glass left attached.
Cas nodded. “You know when you turn the sink on and all the water comes shooting out of the faucet? And then it hits the bottom of the sink and the water splashes out because it has nowhere else to go?”
Just a bit further out there was a series of rocks sticking up out of water, as if they were clawing their way up from the sandy depths in need of sunlight. Dean knew there would be bigger fish and crabs around that area, but before he could advance towards them he heard the quiet movement of the water behind him.
The rain came out of nowhere. A wall of water pounded on the outside of the helicopter, slamming against the thick metal so loudly that Dean wishes he had earplugs underneath his headset. He clutched to his seatbelt as Cas muttered a string of inaudible words that Dean probably wasn’t meant to hear. The rain was deafening, but it wasn’t the worst part.
To say that they couldn’t tear themselves apart would have been an understatement. Dean would leave his hand on Cas’s arm for just a little too long and Cas would be constantly leaning on Dean for “support” due to his injured leg. It was strange that Dean managed to find the tiniest bit of normality while being stranded on a deserted island.
There was barely a second between the end of Dean’s sentence and the feeling of Cas’s lips pressed against his own. Dean froze at first, suddenly realizing what he had said, before he did the unbelievable; he kissed back.
Dean shrugged. “Wasn’t my idea,” he yelled over the sound of the helicopter blades. “My friend Charlie had some sort of business meeting and decided to turn it into a whole trip.” Dean still remembers Charlie asking him to tag along with her.
“I’m sorry,” Cas mumbled. He had pulled the shirt away from the side of his head and folded his hands in his lap. “I’m sorry I got us into this mess. I should have known that this wouldn’t end well- you aren’t supposed to go flying during storms for a reason.”
Dean shuddered at the reminder of the thick pair of headphones clamped on his head. They were uncomfortable and heavy, making his ears sweat and giving him the strangest headache.
There was still a little bit of time until the pilot showed up, so Dean took a seat on a nearby bench. Most of the crowd was milling around on the main dock leaving Dean with a little bit of peace and quiet. He used this time to update Charlie and Sam via text messages, which were probably shorter and more straightforward than he meant for them to be.
Once Dean was sure he had gotten everything set up properly he finally took a seat next to Castiel on the bed. Of course, Cas made room for him and Dean fit right alongside him. Their legs lined up perfectly next to each other and their shoulders were just barely touching- but it was enough. It was just enough to make Dean want more.
He took a seat next to Dean, making sure to not sit too close in order to respect his space, of course. Cas glanced over his shoulder to see the page that Dean was reading. Just as his eyes tried to scan the page, his vision fell blurry and his head was overcome with pulsing pain. He clutched his head in his hands and closed his eyes but it was as if every warning light and emergency alarm was going off in his brain.
“Just please- you, you gotta stay with me,” Dean’s voice was hoarse, something he would like to blame the dehydration for.
“Fine,” Cas breathed out. His gaze paused over Dean’s face and he reached out to touch the side of his face with his fingertip. He held up the bloodied finger so that Dean could see. “The glass must have cut you up a little. Are you alright?”
Dean bid her a thank you and walked down the hall, not paying any mind to any of the questionable looks he got from the other doctors. He counted under his breath and he passed each door before finally reaching the sacred 401.
“So uh, Dean,” Castiel cleared his throat. “If you don’t mind me prying, what’s so important you had to get off the island?”
Dean watched as the helicopter pilot reached into his pocket to produce a large set of keys. He fumbled with them for a moment before inserting one into the side of the helicopter, popping open one of the front doors and tossing his stuff inside.
Cas tried to push himself out of the but faltered. Even despite the distance, Dean could see the pain on his face every time he tried to move.
“Do you hear that?” Cas asked him. Dean could see the panic in his eyes, the fear of whatever he was hearing not being real. So Dean listened.
“That nickname isn’t uncommon,” Cas said before answering Dean’s second question. “I don’t know why I became a pilot. It just seemed fun so… one day I went out and got my pilot’s license and now I do island tours and charters.”
Dean walked down the corridor, trying to make as little noise as possible as his bare feet hit the cold floor. He knew he should be asleep at this hour- hell, everyone else in the bunker was. But there was just something keeping him from shutting his eyes and calling it a night. Instead, he wandered around the bunker, had a few beers in the kitchen, cleaned his gun, and even tried to bore himself to sleep by reading some old lore. Unfortunately, he was as wide awake as he was when he started and given that it was just past three in the morning, he figured he should at least try to get some rest. He didn’t need much sleep, but he most certainly depended on those four hours he could normally achieve.
Cas looked unsure, but Dean patted the spot next to him on the bed as encouragement. “Ah, c’mon, Cas! We haven’t watched a movie together in ages.”
He enjoyed cooking. Most people wouldn’t expect that from him, so it was always a pleasant surprise when Dean would whip up a pie or produce perfect burgers on the grill. He didn’t really know where he got the talent; his dad never cooked, Uncle Bobby never cooked. Maybe his mom cooked- Dean would like to believe that she cooked. He wouldn’t know, though, because she died before he was old enough to learn about anything in the kitchen.
“You good?” Dean asked, his hand hovering near Cas’s arm. He knew that Cas wasn’t good, but he didn’t know what else to say.
he just ate sitting on the table in the form of a plate coated with sandwich crumbs. If he wasn’t hungry for food, what else could he be hungry for? Castiel had been on Earth for many years and had been looking down upon humans for many years prior, but he had never heard of something that one needed as bad as food.
It wasn’t even a joke- just a stupid comeback- but somehow it tugged a small laugh out from behind Dean’s lips. “I meant on Great Abaco,” Dean clarified.
“Gabriel said we grew up in the middle of the Atlantic ocean? Unfortunately, I have to be the one to inform you that that isn’t true.”
“A microburst?” Dean questioned, pulling an old tshirt out of his bag and scrunching it up in his hands.
He sat in the sand, his knees drawn to his chest. He was close enough to the water that he risked getting the legs of his pants wet, but he didn’t bother rolling them up. He was tired.
“Dean?” Cas said softly into the microphone on his headset. “You have nothing to worry about. This is just the tail end of a storm- a minor inconvenience is all.”
“Well, hey, if it’s bothering you then I’m going to worry. That’s just what I do, Cas,” Dean shrugged. It was true- he couldn’t help it. Cas was family and Dean loved his family so he would be damned if he wasn’t going to worry about them.
Cas only shrugged. “Not a clue. There are tons of island chains out in this area, many of them are just too small to be bothered with. I’m sure this is one of many islands in this region of the ocean.”
need you.” Dean didn’t realize just how much he had said. The words came out of his mouth as if he couldn’t control them anymore; like they just had a mind of their own.
Those words might insinuate that Cas wanted to end the moment, that he wanted to break away from Dean and go back to how things were before they kissed. But the way he said them, so confidently and so breathy, left little to no room for interpretation.
Cas looked up and tried to read Dean- but he couldn’t get past the screaming. He couldn’t get past the malnourished energy that was protecting his body in the way a cage protects a beast.
Dean let out a shocked gasp but decided to play it up, Of course. “What do you mean most of the time? My taste is impeccable. Always.”
“Cas?” Dean’s hands hovered over the pilot’s body. “Captain Novak?!” He gripped onto one of his shoulders, trying to shake him awake.
Dean was wearing more layers than he would ever like to admit and had wrapped himself in the blankets on his bed. He had, embarrassingly enough, been watching Dr. Sexy M.D. He had a file on his laptop that contained nothing but pirated episodes of his favorite guilty pleasure.
The trees seemed to part a little and since he was growing exhausted of hacking through vines, he moved in the direction of the clearing. Dean spun around, suddenly realizing just how alone he really was. He was deep in the jungle and was probably fairly close to the middle of the island. He screamed out, again and again, just waiting for a response. Every time he opened his mouth he was reminded of how raw his voice was, of how chapped his lips were. He screamed himself hoarse before his voice finally gave up on him- before he finally accepted defeat.
They neared the clouds, Cas steering the helicopter just to the left of them, and Dean could feel the small gusts of winds that were pushing them around. Castiel’s shoulders had tightened and he had one hand on the collective lever by the side of his seat, the other wrapped tightly around the cyclic. He seemed stressed about something that was a “minor inconvenience”.
“Cas, you alright?” Dean said, his eyes darting around the room in search of an attacker. He glanced down at Cas, who was sitting up in his bed and staring up at Dean in shock.
Cas reached up and intertwined his fingers with the hand Dean had wrapped around his shoulder. He must have sensed when Dean suddenly tenses up. “This is how humans show mutual affection, isn’t it?”
“C’mon, Captain,” Dean was terrified. What if Castiel didn’t make it and left Dean all alone? What if he was going to be stuck on this island, by himself, until he starved to death? What if-
Castiel smiled softly- that dumb, dorky smile that could cheer anyone up on a bad day. That stupid smile that was responsible for driving Dean mad. He pulled Cas close to him and their lips collided, sending electric shocks through Dean’s body. He didn’t know if the sparks were because he was kissing an angel or because he was kissing Cas.
“Cas, they’re just dreams. Me and Sammy are big boys, we can take care of ourselves, you know.” Dean tried to be reassuring but it wasn’t exactly something he excelled at.
“I’m sure he’s here somewhere,” Sam told him, standing up and trying to block the way out. “We can call for one of the doctors-”
Dean sighed and shook his head. “We got caught in a storm. There was… a microburst, I think it was called. All the flights were grounded because of the weather but I-” Dean stopped before he could finish his sentence.
“The rain is going to catch up to us eventually,” Dean said, standing to his feet. “I’m going to go see if I can find a cave or something we can use as a shelter just in case,” Dean could already see Cas trying to get up.
Dean tried to talk to Cas more than once, but every time he opened his mouth he couldn’t think of anything to say. Maybe start with “I’m sorry”? He thought. But what the hell was he apologizing for? For accusing Cas of being concussed? Surely that didn’t warrant an apology.
There was nothing. Blue water stretched out in all directions, melding with the horizon to the point where you couldn’t tell what was water and what was sky.
“I guess any sort of tracking system is out of the question,” He said, tapping the cracked screen with the back of his knuckle.
After a mutual, yet silent, agreement was shared between them, Dean offered a hand to Cas. He managed to pull Cas to his feet, wrapping one arm around his waist to keep him from falling. Cas had wrapped one of his arms around Dean’s neck, clinging onto him to make up for the fact that he was balancing on one foot.
Dean sighed towards the sky, suddenly finding appreciation for the stars that sparkled above him. He smiled at them, cheesily wondering if Sam or Charlie were looking at the same stars as he was. He pushed the thought out of his mind, realizing it was dumb and that Sam and Charlie wouldn’t be looking at the stars, they would be trying to find a way to rescue Dean.
“I… I was…but you were...” Cas stuttered, his head flicking from side to side as he looked between Dean and plants around them. “Are you okay?”
“So am I, Dean!” Cas said. He sounded exasperated. “I don’t have my grace! I’m no use to anyone as a human. I’m just dead weight.”
Dean leaned his head back against the trunk of the tree and sighed. He closed his eyes for just a moment and focused on the sound of the fire, the sound of Cas’s breathing a few feet away from him. The sound of ocean waves rolling against the shoreline.
It was hard to hold a grudge when the person you were holding a grudge against was the only other person on the island, but somehow both Dean and Cas managed to do so. Every time they would get within 10 feet of each other, one of them would dramatically storm away.
Dean could feel the familiar prickling sensation on the back of his leg. He had gotten stitches a lot throughout his childhood and didn’t find it surprising that the idea of stitches gave him some sort of comfort.
Dean pointed out that the helicopter had stopped smoking and that there was no sign of any more flames, so he wanted to go over and investigate.
Dean’s stomach leaped into his throat as the helicopter dropped. It was quick and Dean thought that maybe, just maybe, they had hit an air pocket of some sort. That they could recover from whatever had just happened. The helicopter began to shake, sending an earthquake through Dean’s body as his hands searched for something more secure to hold onto.
“Nah, I was already up You’re the one who should be getting back to sleep,” Dean patted Cas’s leg and let his hand linger for just a moment too long before recoiling his arm entirely.
Dean stood awkwardly on the other side of the kitchen. His eyes trailed to the plate on the table and then eventually back to Cas.
things- Dean’s fear of flying, the issue back home, or the fact that he had to leave the Bahamas four days early.
“Just uh, just hang on,” Dean said, trying to find some footing in the loose dirt. “I’m going to come get you.”
Dean made the mistake of looking up from the ground when Castiel started to speak and balled his sweaty hands into fists when he looked out the large window in front. “Family emergency,” Dean explained. Usually, he would leave it at that, but they weren’t even a quarter of the way done with the flight and some small talk might help to take his mind off of things. “My dad was in a car accident. My brother is with him now but… I have to go make sure he’s okay.”
Sam didn’t say anything back, but when Dean walked around him he did nothing to stop him. Dean looked up and down the hallway, seeing plenty of people shuffling themselves between rooms. It didn’t take long for a doctor to approach him.
It had its downsides as well, but there are always two sides to the coin of angelical being. Although, sometimes Castiel thought there were more than two sides. There were hundreds and thousands of sides, all variations of the good and bad mixing and creating new emotions that weren’t so black and white. Sometimes the pros were also cons, sometimes the cons were also pros. Sometimes they were everything in between and sometimes they were something else entirely.
It took Dean a moment to register what he was hearing, but once the words finished processing he felt like he had been electrocuted. He shook his head and tried to rid himself of the initial shock, but it didn’t seem to clear his head one bit.
“You’ll like it, trust me. It’s about these space explorers who discover a bunch of alien eggs on their ship and-” Dean cut himself off as he walked over to the television to pop the disk in. “Just trust me. It’s a classic.”
“Dean,” Castiel corrected himself. “Jo tells me you need to get back to the States?” He shifted his weight and put one hand on his hip, raising his eyebrows.
Cas didn’t even look at Dean when he spoke. “My helpfulness got us stranded on this fucking island. We’re stuck on this island and I- I’m all sorts of messed up,” He stuttered through his words, “I’m hearing shit and seeing things that aren’t there. I can’t concentrate on anything- It’s like I’m always dizzy and I can’t stop- I can’t do anything. I got into this mess because I wanted to help and now I can’t even think straight.” His voice had long since broken, surpassed defeated, the words throwing themselves out of his mouth. It was like opening a set of flood gates.
Dean was just passing room 15, Castiel’s room, when he heard a panicked scream erupt from the other side of the door. Without a second thought, Dean flung open the door and cocked his gun, aiming the barrel into the darkness of his friend’s bedroom. He was glad that he had been cleaning it earlier- otherwise, he wouldn’t have had it on him.
At some point, he fell asleep. The vibrations from the engine were mesmerizing in the way a mother lullaby mesmerized a child. He doesn’t know if Cas fell asleep before he did, but Dean was sure Cas fell asleep during the ride. The pair of them weaved in and out of their sleep state, one of them waking up and stirring the other, only to fall back asleep moments later.
Dean had only been staying at the resort for a few days but he raced down the sidewalk like he had lived there his whole life- he had always been good with directions. It must have been his sixth sense. The doors to the lobby required a keycard and Dean’s hands were shaking so bad that he could barely swipe the card in the slot properly. The doors unlocked with a click and Dean threw them open, stumbling into the lobby of the resort.
Cas barely raised an eyebrow at this. He tilted his head, almost encouraging Dean to go on. To tell him more.
Dean could tell that Cas was holding back another laugh. “Okay, you do that. In the meantime, I’ll see if I can get those coconuts opened.”
Dean walked through the forest, twigs and leaves getting snagged on his jeans as he did his best to avoid tripping over any more plants. As he walked, his foot kicked a spherical object and sent it rolling across the jungle floor. It was green and just bigger than the size of his hand. He scooped it up and twirled it around before coming to the realization that it was a coconut. Dean had seen
“We’re getting out of here,” Dean whispered. He let out a halted breath before turning to Cas, grinning. “We’re getting the fuck out of here!” He laughed loudly as the minuscule helicopter slowly became more visible.
He reached under the pilots seat and pulled out a mess of melted plastic, all curled up and ashy. He could make out the red cross on the front and tried to pop the box open, hoping that he could salvage something from inside. The box may have well been empty because all of the bandages and helpful items had been completely burnt to a crisp. Just as expected. Dean tossed the box to the ground in frustration.
Did Dean feel good about leaving Castiel alone while he went off to look for a way to survive? No, not at all. But Dean couldn’t just sit there while Cas struggled with his concussion, so he figured it would be better for the both of them. Dean figured it wouldn’t be too bad if Cas got some sleep, anyway. He could hold a conversation alright and didn’t seem too out of it-except for the staggered walking.
Even though he couldn’t Castiel’s face, Dean could tell it had softened purely based on his tone. “I’m sorry to hear that. Is he alright?”
“I remember you were particularly happy during that hunt,” Cas recalled. “You seemed like you were having a lot of fun. That was the first case I worked after…”
That night they slept with their backs barely five feet apart. Dean faced towards the water, his arms clutching onto his messenger bag as he tried not to think about how he could roll over and be right next to Cas. Did Dean actually feel something for Cas or was it just because they were both alone on an island? He fell asleep long before he could answer the question.
“Are you going to yell at me now? Tell me that you aren’t worth fighting for or that you don’t deserve to be saved? Are you going to tell me to stand aside and let the angels do whatever the hell they want? I can’t do that Dean, and you know it,” Cas snapped.
The pair staggered to their feet, sand sticking to the tacky blood on their hands. Castiel insisted that he could walk, that he really wasn’t that injured, but Dean could see as he took uneven steps that he was lying. He was swaying so much it looked as if he had just gotten off a boat, not a helicopter.
Dean ran both hands through his hair, almost having to resist the urge to yank it all out. “You aren’t! You’re not fine! Why can’t you just admit that?” Dean asked, desperately. “You’re going to get yourself, or even the both of us, killed if you keep wandering off like that!”
Charlie wouldn’t allow them to call off the search. Dean almost smiled at the thought- Charlie  will keep looking for him. He knows she will.
“Dean,” Cas leaned over and spoke into Dean’s ear, his voice low and gravelly. “Sometimes I think you forget that I can sense when people are lying.”
He looked up at Cas, who kept drifting off to the side. Dean didn’t want to say anything, in fear of pushing him away again, but as Cas got closer and closer to the edge Dean couldn’t help but speak up.
“Excuse me?” Jo raised an eyebrow. She had grown quite familiar with Dean after his arrival at the resort (and after his failed attempt to get her to go out with him). Dean would swing by the lobby at least twice a day and chat with Jo about all the places in town that he just
Dean shook his head. “You need to take it easy- I won’t be too long. Try not to die while I’m away, yeah?”
They locked eyes from their respective sides of the cave and didn’t say a word. Dean smiled, not because he felt like he needed to exchange something, but because he felt it creep up his face and onto his lips and he couldn’t stop it. Because whoever Castiel may be, dirty helicopter pilot or not, he was stuck on this island too.
“You should get back to bed, Dean. It’s late- I didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas spoke as if he didn’t hear a single word that Dean had said. Which Dean was partially thankful for.
Dean sighed and dragged his hands down the side of his face, suddenly longing to be asleep so he could be oblivious to all that was happening around him. He crawled forward and stuck his head out of the cave. The rain had stopped and there was nothing to show for it except some wet plants- the sun was fully out this morning, not a cloud in the sky.
On his way down the docks, he figured it would be best to text Charlie and let her know where he was going. He was here with her, afterall. Dean reached into his messenger bag, the only bag he brought with him on this supposed relaxing vacation, and retrieved his phone.
The island began to grow bigger as they approached it quickly, the wind not letting up on them at all. Dean let out a yelp as they spun in the other direction and suddenly they were close enough to the island to see the individual trees that sprouted off of it.
Both Dean and Cas jumped to their feet, their bodies turned in the direction of the noise. Dean’s first instinct was to start screaming, start jumping up and down and begging. He didn’t even know if this was a search team or just a helicopter passing through. They had to be smart about this.
Cas let out a low grown, his eyes fluttering open and squinting against the bright sun above them. He struggled to sit up and tried to wipe the blood from the side of his face, looking between his blood-smeared hand and Dean’s worried face.
Night soon fell and the sound of far off thunder echoed over the swirling seas. In preparation for the rain, Cas and Dean collected what little belongings they had and headed inland. They planned on returning when the storm passed, that way they could be near the beach in case someone came looking for them.
“Wait- what the hell are you talking about? You- you aren’t useless. You know that, right?” Dean approached the bed and took a seat down on the edge, the mattress dipping under his weight. “Cas, I’m serious.”
He glanced over at the movement on the other end of the beach. Despite the darkness, he could see Cas moving around, tossing things into a large pile. He was making a fire, or so Dean assumed. They had made a few smaller fires here and there while on the island, hoping that someone would see the smoke. Hoping that someone would come to get them.
Cas was walking quickly, staying at least 10 feet in front of Dean no matter how hard he tried to catch up. Dean kept pushing, kept asking what he was doing, what he was running from, and every time Cas had the same response. He kept saying it was nothing. That he heard something. That he just wanted to explore. It was clear he was getting irritated, but if Cas was going to be wandering off in the middle of the night Dean wanted to know why.
“I shouldn’t be doing this but it seems that you’re adamant about seeing your friend. He’s just down the hall, room 401.”
“Cas,” Dean blurted out, dropping the remote to his side. He turned to Sam with wide eyes. “Where the fuck is Cas?”
Jo perked up and smiled, pointing towards the phone. “Hi, Captain Novak, this is Jo Harvelle from-” She was cut off and gave a slight nod with her head.
Castiel told himself that his readings must be wrong. If Dean had adequate levels of food and water in his system, then there was no reason for him to be starving. Cas was wrong. That was that.
Eventually, he heard a click as Jo placed the phone back onto the receiver. She looked up at Dean from across the room with a face that said I can’t believe it.
Dean sat up in his chair and shook his head in disbelief. “Thank you, thank you so much.” He was going to get home- based on the weather (and his luck) he thought he was going to be stuck on the island, but things were looking up for a change.
Castiel didn’t respond. He stood up from his position on the floor and made his way over to Dean, trying to focus on things besides his energy so that he wouldn’t have to go through another round of head pain.
Cas turned to face him, his bright blue eyes glossed over, and he gave the slightest nod of his head.
Dean shrugged and leaned back in his seat. “Sammy won’t tell me much. He says he’ll tell me all the details when I land. You know, he didn’t want to stress me out too much. Whatever the hell that means.”
There was only one worker stationed behind the desk - Dean didn’t need to read her nametag to know it was Jo - and the lobby itself was void of any tourists.
“Give me something, give me something,” Castiel yelled, his hands flying between the different helicopter controls. Dean felt the aircraft soar upwards again and they peaked over the top of the fog. For just a moment, Dean could see clearly. Up ahead, there was a small landmass jutting out of the ocean. Cas must have spotted the island the same time that Dean did because suddenly Cas was fighting against the wind, doing his best to make them spin in the general direction of the landmass. They might not die, but they were certainly going to crash. That much was inevitable. Dean almost wishes it was still raining so he had some noise to distract himself with because now all he had was his own screaming thoughts and Castiel’s string of unintelligible commands and cuss words.
Dean sat up straight and looked up at him, at his bright blue eyes and puzzled expression. Every single day the chance of death loomed over them and one day one of them might not come back. Every time Cas dies Dean tells himself that he would admit what he felt, that he would come clean to Castiel. Yet staring into his eyes in that very moment, he became very scared. He was so scared that he would say something that would scare Cas and cause him to leave and never come back. Dean took so many risks in his day to day life, so why couldn’t he take this one?
It was somehow bigger and smaller than Dean had expected it to be. He had never been this close to a helicopter before and the machine loomed over him, the thin blades almost threatening to cut his body in half. Every time he had flown on a commercial airline, which was probably a total of three or four times, the plane had been huge with plenty of space to walk around, along with a bathroom Dean could make a beeline to if he had to vomit. The helicopter, on the other hand, was tiny compared to a jet plane. It was like one gust of wind was going to knock this thing out of the sky.
“Castiel!” Dean shouted, making Cas stop dead. “I’m over this- okay? Let’s not talk about it then. But we need to figure a way to get off this damn island!”
. Although he had a sail, so I guess that's out of the question. We can’t repair the wreckage, I mean hell, there's nothing left to repair,” He scratched the side of his head. “Maybe we’ll just turn into the Swiss Family Robinson,” Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at that.
“The pilot I was with, damn it!” Dean flung the sheet off the bed and swung his legs around to the side, wincing at the sudden movement.
He sat up, cracking his neck and his fingers and just about every part of his body that moved. Cas was still asleep, lying on his side with his arms wrapped around the makeshift pillow that was propping up his head.
If Dean didn’t know any better, it would seem that this was the first time Castiel had noticed that they were encased by thick trees.
“In the dreams,” Cas paused as if those three words would be enough of an explanation. He looked up at Dean and must have seen that his puzzled expression had yet to cease, so he continued speaking. “You get hurt. You or Sam or just someone we care about- you always get hurt. I can never save you. I can’t heal you or I can’t smite the monster that’s attacking you- you always die. Every time. I can never save you.”
People aren’t meant to be forced into isolation like this. Sure, there are mountaineers who lock themselves away in their cabin for weeks at a time or hikers who take solo hikes through the backcountry, but they all chose to do that. They could call home or leave any time they wanted. But Dean and Cas? They were stuck there. They couldn’t just call home. They couldn’t just catch a plane back. They were stuck. They were stuck together.
Of course, nothing was ever completely quiet on the island. The waves crashed into the shore. Insects chirped in the trees and small animals rustled the leaves on the ground. But all of that had become easier to tune out over the past few days. Dean was, dare he admit it, growing used to the isolation.
They didn’t talk much, which Dean was okay with. Cas seemed like a nice guy and all but Dean wasn’t exactly up for sharing his life story with a stranger. Was Cas even a stranger anymore? They had survived a helicopter crash together- surely that must account for something.
With another look up and down the dock and a quick glance at the time on his phone, Dean walked up to a relatively empty stand selling different kinds of sea shells.
The cave fit the two of them nicely, each of them pressed up against an opposite wall so that their feet were just centimeters away from one another. Dean dug out the granola bar from the bottom of his bag, splitting it in half and passing it over to Castiel.
They walked across the beach, their feet sinking in the soft sand. They picked a spot that wasn’t too close to the shoreline- they couldn’t risk their cry for help being washed away, now could they? They wrote in the sand, making thick lines that were hopefully visible to anyone who might pass overtop of them. Dean noticed how long it took Cas to write out the last S, but he wasn’t going to comment on the uneven lines or the shakiness of it.
They found a little dirt patch right at the edge of the jungle. They were surrounded by thick trees with deep green leaves, splaying out in all directions. It was quite beautiful in a way. Not a single human had touched those leaves- no one had planted the trees or conditioned them to grow a certain way. They were just existing. They settled down on the ground and Dean was already enjoying the relief the shade brought.
The day had been just about as uneventful as all of the other days spent on the island. Dean practiced his spear throwing, trying to catch them some sort of crab dinner (like Tom Hanks did in Castaway, that movie was honest to God one of the only reasons Dean had made it this far).
The island was huge, at least when you were trying to find someone. Dean didn’t even know where to start looking for Cas- if he was even still here. Even if Dean did have some sort of tracking skill, he was too frantic to admire broken twigs and crumpled leaves. Dean repeated Cas’s name one too many times, yelling it just about every five steps he took.
“Nothing to worry about. Nothing that’s worthy of being worried about,” Cas told him. He ran a hand through his hair and let out a heavy sigh. He tried to hide it behind that dorky smile of his, but Dean could see right through.
“Tombstone!” Dean said much too quickly. Cas nodded and looked as if he was going to leave again, but Dean stopped him. “You’re welcome to stay. I’m only about ten minutes in.”
Dean dug his foot into the side of the mountain, wrapping his fingers tightly around a root jutting out of the ground. He moved his other foot and let out a curt breath, already searching for the next handhold.
Dean stood up straight, careful not to hit his head on the caved in door of the helicopter. “Nothing,” he echoed back. “We could make a raft and sail off this island, you know, like they did in
It didn’t take long for the terrain to begin to slope upwards. It was a slow ascent at first, the ground mainly consisting of dirt and grass. But as they pushed onwards Dean realized he had to put in actual effort if he wanted to keep going.
Dean let out a groan of exasperation. It would be so much easier if Jo was a mind-reader who could just see what Dean was thinking without him having to explain it. That would save them both a lot of time.
“It means a lot of things, Dean. It means I’ve been spending my time in Heaven trying to get thousands of angels to stand down and not obliterate everyone I love. So I apologize for being absent recently, it’s just that I prefer my friends alive.”
Cas cried out in pain and he was sure Dean was asking him all sorts of questions but the only thing Castiel could hear was his brain going into full meltdown mode.
Cas seemed pleased with Dean’s response but didn’t say anything in return. Instead, he pushed himself back on the bed and situated himself next to Dean. Dean smiled in approval and resumed the movie, letting the actors and dialogue take over the room.
“If you say so,” Cas hummed. He pressed his chin into the top of Dean’s shoulder, tilting his head to the side so he could still see Dean out of the corner of his eye.
Cas scoffed loudly. “Forgive me for not telling my client that I’m too much of a coward to join the military five minutes after meeting him.”
Dean had fucked up in his life before. Too many times to count, actually. He had gotten into screaming matches with his family and said shit he regretted. The trail of exes he left behind would probably argue that he didn’t deserve to be saved, that he could rot on that island for all eternity. Maybe even his family would agree.
“Mornin’ sunshine!” Dean greeted in an overly enthusiastic tone. It felt nice to start the day off with some optimism- he was sure it wasn’t going to end like that.
Gabriel leaned onto the desk and tossed his apple core into a nearby trash can. “He’s my little brother,” he said, adding a playful smile to the end of his sentence.
Dean would be lying if he said Castiel wasn’t attractive. He was tall and fit, had light stubble along the bottom of his face, and blue eyes that surely made all the girls go crazy.
Dean stood up, the cold linoleum floor shocking his bare feet. He suddenly realized how cold the room was, now that he was out from the comfort of his blanket and wearing nothing but a thin, blue hospital gown.
Cas passes the coconut back to Dean and tilts his head. “That’s not a half-bad idea, actually. SOS would be easier to write, but yeah. We should go do that.”
“Flights are grounded,” Dean grumbled. His eyes flickered over to the window and to the thick fog just beyond it, shrouding the island in a dark mist. “I need to get home.”
Dean felt his mouth go dry when he realized he was actually going to have to get into the helicopter. He hated flying. He hated it so much. He doesn’t know quite where the fear came from- all he knows is that it has dictated every road trip he’s ever taken.
“Just try to relax,” Castiel told him. There was something about his tone, or maybe his posture, maybe it was the slightly unbuttoned collar, but there was something about him that Dean trusted. He was actually kind of okay with trusting this guy with his life.
“Dean, everything is fine,” Castiel responded. He immediately began walking back in the direction of their camp, leaving Dean to chase after him.
There was a small voice in the back of Dean’s head that kept telling him no one was out looking for him. That Sam thought Dean wasn’t answering his phone because he was blowing his family off, not because there wasn’t any reception in the middle of the ocean. Maybe Charlie hadn’t even realized he was missing and she was sitting alone at the hotel bar, sipping alcohol while reading over her notes. Maybe, just maybe, they really were alone.
Through the pain, Cas somehow came to the realization that Dean was the one causing him pain. The energy that was radiating off his body was practically a death omen and the closer Castiel got to him the more he could hear the cries for help. He was so past starving that he should have been dead months, if not
“Captain Novak!” Dean screamed, his voice cracking and begging for water. He had tried just about every variation of the name Castiel that he could think of, although he was rather unsure why he had done this.
Dean and Cas successfully made it back to base camp without injuring themselves even further. Cas spent the majority of the day trying to nurse his leg back to health, but it was quite clear that he had broken something. They tried to wrap it up as tightly as they could (using the same blood stained shirt Cas had hung onto since the crash) but it was no surprise that Cas stayed off his feet.
Cas slid to the floor and held his head in his hands. Slowly, the noise faded away and he was finally able to think straight. Dean looked worried, that was for sure. You didn’t have to have a mood sensor to figure that one out.
Charlie didn’t respond to this, maybe because she knew there was nothing to be said. It was a shitty situation and the only thing left to do was for Dean to hop on a helicopter and get back home.
Did that mean he still loved him? Maybe he did love him. Maybe?. “Because I’m broken mess; because Michael and John” another tear trickled down his cheek. His eyes glancing away from the Alpha. That was no mean feat when the Alpha was merely a handful of inches away.
Cas thought as he bit down on Dean’s mating mark, the pain of the bite along with the pleasure of the cock moving in and out of him was enough to throw Dean over the edge; his inner walls grabbing a hold of Cas’s cock and spraying his seed all over the bed beneath him. Cas followed him slamming his knot into the Omega letting it swell to its full size. Once fully sited he moved them so they were spooning making sure that Dean wasn’t on the wet spot, even in Alpha claim mode he still cared deeply about his omega.
Cas pulled back licked the gland again and whispered into Dean’s ear “Always and forever. My love” Dean was fast losing consciousness, the bite having the side effect of sending into an almost sleep like haze having just enough self-awareness to mumble back a soft “Love, Alpha” before he was taken to the darkness of sleep. Once the plane had landed and Cas had carried him out on his hip. Leaving his staff to collect the pair’s luggage. Only once they were inside the terminal did Dean then start to awaken. “Humm Alpha?” he said poking his head up to stare into those deep blue eyes.
The man walked up quickly and spoke loudly “To Cas” as he tried to move past and open the door. It was obvious he was out of breath and had ran quite a distance. Then muttered the ‘To Cas’ again, and then again. It was almost like a mantra. Balthazar smiled put on his best empathetic face and spoke evenly but not harshly “His Royal Highness is not seeing anyone at the moment, my apologies”
Cas was worried that Dean had changed his mind, though judging by the slick now running down the Omega’s thighs that was probably not the case. When he heard the reason why dean faltered he knew that it was okay “Oh sweetheart, we can slow down if you want”
"So little one" Lucifer started once they had been seated, Cas was at the head whilst Dean was on his right with Lucifer at the opposite end with Lilith and Abaddon on either side of him. Neither of the Omega's looked at Castiel both were staring straight at Dean. "Naomi informs me that your very happy with my little brother"
“Oh Dean” The Alpha cooed again, his hands still making little concentric motions trying to calm his worried mate.
“Simple. You let him go” she said so matter of fact like he could almost believe that they were discussing a business transaction not his future happiness.
That was until he heard something that made his Alpha take note and get angry "no...no. Michael" he might not be able to fight the Michael inside Dean's head but he could reassure him. "My sweetheart, my Dean." He started cooing softly. Leaning down to whisper into the other man's ear "I'm here, I'm always here and no matter what I'll always be here. For you" that was ment by a little snort-like intake of breath "you." He continued "I will always come when you call, your my everything. My love. My omega" he finished his soft cooing and reassuring protective scent helped what ever was going on in Dean's head as the next words out of his mouth was simply a long drawn out "casssss" ending in a soft exhale.
Sorry it took me so long, just had some personal stuff to deal with. Im back now so should have a more regular updating schedule from now on.
Charlie had been dreaming of nothing in particular slowly waking up, today was supposed to be her day off to spend with her Dorothy an equally strong willed and slightly insane Alpha and her mate. What she hadn’t expected to be woken by an apoplectic Dean storming into her room and a concerned Benny hot on his heels. The former was frantic pacing the room mumbling something about leaving and getting away. The latter held back by the doorway, maybe forestalling any attempt of Dean leaving without his best friend. Taking a minute to wake herself up fully and deciding that rather than try – and most likely fail – to calm the extremely upset Omega she’d take charge of the situation as Dorothy always said she was the one in charge.
Balthazar arrived first. He was operating on instinct as he bounded up the stairs, not wanting to waste time waiting for the elevator. He had already contacted the team placing them all on high alert, even the local police liaison officer one Jody Mills had even been informed. The order was simple Find and Protect. He knew that he should have left a guard outside the door, but Novak had insisted that they should all pack ready to head home. He smashed through the door gun up scanning the room for potential threats.
“its from a man called Sweetheart” she started, the OR went into a chorus of ohhs and ahhs. Cas didn’t mind he was focused on the current challenge before him. In fact he was so focused that if it wasn’t for Gedrell the surgeon opposite him – and his friend from Med School – clearing his throat and chastising him for not asking was it said immediately he wouldn’t have asked. Sighing to himself he rolled his shoulders and spoke softly “What does it say please?”
Suddenly it all clicked, the heightened sense of smell, his need to look after Castiel, his want to nest and protect his family all of it right down to the vomiting at the hotel and on the plane. He was pregnant and, and he ran away from his Alpha. “Oh my god, I’m gonna have a baby with someone’s who’s engaged to someone else” then a wicked and evil thought occurred to him “What if they want me to give it up and disappear” that made Naomi laugh out loud, causing his eyes to snap towards the other Omega, who tried her best to look out of sorts and apologetic “What’s so funny?” he asked.
They finally ended up outside on the veranda overlooking the simply beautiful view of the river and its basin. The chef a wonderful Beta called Pamela, who had smiled and whispered to Dean that it was a pleasure to meet him and if he needed anything all he need do is ask, had prepared them a mid-day meal no surprises to his Alpha; Dean had asked for burgers. Between smiling and watching the world roll bye the pair talked about nothing in particular yet even still Dean noticed that once or twice he’d catch Cas watching him, not in a creepy way but way more focused than the Alpha would ordinarily be which is saying a lot for the Alpha.
Later that day Cas arrived back to the room, the smell was the first thing that set him off. there was a strange scent in the room that wasn’t Dean “Sweetheart?” no response “Dean?” again no response “Omega?” upon getting no response that time it sent his Alpha into a frenzy.
After a few moments – which could have been hours for all Cas cared – he finally unclamped his jaw and released his Omega; his rough tough coming out to cleaning the reopened wound. Dean was lip totally supported by his Alpha. Cas judged that this conversation shouldn’t be done in the bathroom. Picking Dean up, he carried him towards the bedroom. He heard a soft whipper when he placed Dean down on the bed. Making a snap he picked his Omega up and held him like a new born pup in his arms, one arm under his neck the other under his knees forcing Dean’s eyes on him.
Taking the news that Cas already knew in his stride Dean smiled and nodded to himself “Ah well, at least you know now” he even allowed a little chuckle out.
Gabriel on the other hand knew exactly what they were doing, drive an Alpha nuts then walk away and let their instincts to take over. It was so easy sometimes.
And that was it, something about holding his crying omega made all the anger fly out of Cas at Mack-10 “Dean please tell me what caused it” he cooed downwards rubbing his thumbs against his cheeks whipping away the stray tears. Dean just whimpered softly secretly he loved being held like this, but he could never tell Alpha that, could he?
Leaning forwards he kissed Dean’s forehead then his cheek and finally his open mouth. His tough was welcomed in like an old house guest; being given total access. After a few moments he broke away and rumbled out “You know I love you Dean” his Alpha riding high in his voice
“sweetheart it’s amazing” the taller man spoke softly, that was exactly what Dean was hoping for he stretched upwards capturing Cas’s lips with his
that one word ran though his head like a mantra as the plane’s engines ramped up to a new level they were about to taking off.
Once he was only wearing his boxers, he was just about to slide into the bath when the cheeky Omega decided he’d give it one more try to get the Alpha naked.
Cas jumped on to the bed he pushed Dean’s legs grabbing his hands and pinning them above his head “Mine” Cas confirmed as he came down and kissed Dean hard sucking all the air out of the smaller Omega. Dean smiled up he had an idea “tell you what, would my big strong Alpha like to knot me in this bed” he said.
Cas grabbed his hand just before he made contact he looked Dean in the eye “Not yet Dean, tonight you relax okay?” then slid into the bath with his back against the side offering his hand to the waiting omega. Dean instantly took it sliding into the bath in front of Cas, back to chest. It didn’t escape either of their notice that they fit together perfectly; any last tension totally evaporated from Dean as Cas started to massaging he shoulders and back.
In all honesty he didn’t care for its thoughts right now. All of a suddenly realised what had happened he had a panic attack that caused Alpha to have to bite him. Shame overcame him, he embraced alpha in front of who knows how many people. “Alpha I’m s…” he started.
“Yes. Mine. I. Yous” Cas huffed between impacts. Dean smiled to himself his tight hole had successfully reduced his eloquent well-mannered Alpha to single word sentence. That was certainly having an effect on the Omega, he could fell Cas’s cock striking his sweet spot over and over again. They both knew that they wouldn’t last long at this rate.
“But…” he started, but Dean had enough of this conversation all he wanted to do was be held by his Alpha as he waited for his knot to go down so he clenched his ass around Cas, causing the Alpha to moan deeply in throat as he shot yet another load into the Omega. “okay, okay I get the message Dean”
That sent Dean’s Omega into a frenzy of panic “Cas. Cas. CAS!” he cried out as the Brit hit the call button tapping his foot with inpatients. When the lift finally arrived he pushed Dean into the open doors “Come on Sir; time to go. There’s a good chap get in the lift now” smiling slightly to himself he may or may not liked telling people to leave.
Upon seeing his brothers mate standing alone looking lost and slightly afraid he looked over and saw the object; that Dean had been staring at and that had obviously cause his younger brother to retreat into the master bedroom “Oh Dean-o, you got yourself a collar. I’m guessing that you were unaware what they mean back home” he said whilst sitting down on the counter top.
For every mile Dean had put between them. Cas felt like a mile that he’d never get back. After Dean had ran out of the room he had sat there for maybe 20 minutes maybe an hour both could be right. Eventually though Balthazar came into the room “Your royal highness?” his usual bravado evaporated leaving only concern for his charge. Castiel was so lost to his own thoughts he didn’t hear – didn’t even register there was another person in the room until the beta physically stood next to his bed and all but shouted “Castiel”
“Hey handmaiden, how are we feeling?” she cooed towards him, she had given that nickname to him whilst they were playing in the house’s armour room when she had mentioned that she liked to LARP.
Dean, Charlie and Benny had arrived at Naomi’s estate, just as the weather began to turn the clouds in the sky becoming darker and more overcast. The estate itself was comparable in size to Castiel’s but the garden which was unlike her bothers which was growing all sorts of beautiful flowers and hedges, Naomi had obviously opted for a more subdued show to her guests. He was unshed into the house and escorted to what he assumed was her day rooms. “Your highness, Dean Winchester Omega Paramour to the Duke of Wessex. Naomi Novak, the Princess Royal” was announced by an extremely well dressed Beta.
He headed towards the smell of something cooking, he was met by the most amazing sight of his life. Dean was cooking wearing only Cas’s white button up shirt the globes of his ass showing beneath the shirt; it was gorgeous it made his inner alpha growl with delight, sue him he was an alpha after all, somethings were just hardwired into him.
“Omega Paramour” Cas corrected. Jody paused a look of query on her face. Turning to his mate Cas spoke again “You’re the Omega Paramour now, after your heat and since we’re bonded” Dean smiled; he filing that away for the future, something tells him it’ll be important later. His concentration was broken when Jody coughed “Sorry, but that answers the question if you two mated” Dean smiled, he never thought he’d enjoy being mated to anyone. But Cas was something different he was, well he was Cas.
Dean groaned once more, as Cas licked across his tight hole he felt the instant need for more yet again. That need crystallised his voice inside him “Castiel, you will put that knot so deep inside me your need one of your Doctor friends to remove it. NOW!” but before he could continue the Alpha lined his already rock hard cock up with his hole and sank home. The movement made him jump though he couldn’t go far Cas had one hand firmly around his collar the other was still pushing his chest to the bed. “Oh my god, I forget how big you are sometimes” the smaller Omega managed to mumble out once the Alpha was fully sheathed.
Dean was floored, stunned silent “Oh my god he’s such a moron, I’ve got to go to him! Tell him I love him and that he’s gonna be a farther” he said all in one rush, barely halting to breath he had a mission. A simple mission drummed against the inside of his head
“Oh course, whatever you need to feel safe, come here” he said opening his arms, only to be filled with Dean a moment later, who moved his head down to the right to show his neck. Cas pulled the collar down, took one sniff a lick and having found the correct spot bit down hard. Dean instantly went lip in his lap all anxiety fled from him he was safe his Alpha was here “Ohhh, thankkkk you.” he cried out, not caring how load he was being or about the other passengers. Though a few looked over many realised that it was a private moment between the pair and went back to their own conversations or books
Hope your all enjoying the story so far. On a side note this fic now has over 100 kudos and 75 subs. and I just wanted to say thank you to all of you <3 love you all stay safe RT ❤❤❤❤
Clearing her throat she sat up, only to have Benny look away – sue her for sleeping in the nude. “Benny I’m sure you’ve seen it before” she chastised her voice still groggy from sleep. He nodded. “Right, you get the car, I’m going to try and calm him. We’re going on a road trip today” she said as she pointed to him and the door.
“And I you my Alpha” Dean said as the collar locked in place, he felt the tight but not constrictive weight around his neck. Feeling happy, wanted and most of all loved. Cas just looked down at his now collared omega felling his Alpha preening with happiness, joy and serval other emotions that he couldn’t name. All he could think about was wanting to please and love this Omega with everything he had for as long as he could.
What he walked in on was something that even in his wildest dream he never thought he would see, well at least not tonight that is. Dean on the bed totally naked ass up in a textbook perfect presentation posture right down Dean’s hands pulling his cheeks apart and the little stream of slick coming from the tight red ring of muscle. “Yes?” Dean asked. Cas instantly felt his Alpha starting to take charge a ‘willing’ Omega right in front of him would do that to him, well would do that to any Alpha.
“as in your brother?” he said over his shoulder to the man currently trying to hid in his neck. Cas groaned propping himself up on his elbow “I’m afraid so sweetheart”
“Please leave me alone Alastair” he murmured in an uncharacteristically small voice head down as he tried to slid past.
Cas on the other had was on cloud 9, this head strong Omega had bitten his mating gland and not just bitten he had punctured it. Leaning down he sniffed out Deans and bit hard completing the bond between them; causing them both to cum again hard.
Meanwhile back at the house, Dean was currently locked in his room awaiting the start of his heat, had ‘taken’ – more like forced down his throat – them dam pills about 20 minutes ago so Cas had maybe 10 more before he heat would start and that disgusting knot-head Michael would come in and, and… he couldn’t even contemplate what would happen next.
He pushed his head further into Alpha’s neck humming quietly to himself. All thoughts of where they were, where they were heading, literally everything was gone. All replaced with Cas, his beautiful Alpha. Again his Omega rambling something like
Upon hearing his Omega in distress Cas instantly pulled over on the side of the road and turned to face the other man in the car “Sweetheart, breath.” Cas voice rolled out as he reached out a hand, stopped and pulled it back slightly. The last thing he wanted to do was force Dean to be touched, but, he still wanted to offer physical contact to his Omega. Dean tentatively reached out and wrapped his hand around Cas’s – only now did he notice that his hand was small compared to the other mans. The movement caused Cas to rumble approvingly “Good boy. Now what is it you wanted to say I’m all ears Sweetheart” he continued once Dean had taken a few deep breaths. He could almost taste Cas’s contentment he could say anything, ask anything and his – yes his! – Alpha would move mountains to get it done
Zachariah a man who prided himself on following orders and ensuring all was to plan, didn’t take well to changes in said plan; though he didn’t let it show on his face. “Yes Ma’am. I shall do it as soon as you’ve made your appearance at the…” he started but was cut off by the annoyed Omega. “No Zach. Now. Castiel needs me home as soon as possible”
“Sorry sweetheart, but Sam’s got something to say” oh that got his attention he had almost totally forgot about Sammy. Shit Sam the person who had not 3 hours ago was holding a gun to Cas. He jerked attempting to sit up and was only a little disappointed when he managed it
Setting his Alpha in check Cas responded “nothing Lucifer is slightly” a little growl excepted his throat “I mean very traditional and conservative” the growl in his voice portraying how he actually felt about such concepts, softened to a soft pur as he continued “I am nothing like him sweetheart, you know that. Please tell me you know that?” Dean paused for a second then pulled himself closer to his Alpha muttering apologies and promises that he knew that. Cas for his part pulled his Omega even closer to his chest noting the soft ‘Oh’ from the smaller man. Placing his nose next to Dean’s head next to his scent gland, allowing his scent to calm the omega further.
Cas groaned “Im sorry baby” sounding totally broken, he hated doing this to Dean, the wonderful omega shouldn’t have to worry about his family. Dean had two options, one he could slap Cas on the side of the head – awkward to do at the moment; two he could try to convince Cas that all families have drama. So he settled on the latter “Don’t be Alpha, we’ve all got family. And I guess I’m part of yours now. Actually what does that make me? Am I a duke now or an earl or something else?”
The angel’s gaze flicked toward her, and Diana caught a split-second of wide-eyed blue before Cas was turning away, walking toward Sam. “You must have misheard.” Cas crouched beside Sam’s unconscious form and briefly rested two fingers on his forehead. Sam took in a breath and began to stir.
The demon lifted a brow. “Protective, are we? No need to get jealous, angel. I’m sure what the two of you share is… special.”
They stood up, taking a moment to miss the weight of their old trench coat, to adjust to the feeling of having a body again. Then Cas started across the parking lot.
Cas had chosen this vessel because Maggie had reminded them a bit of Jimmy Novak. Without even admitting it to themselves, they had hoped Dean would see this face and just… know. Remember, somehow. Now that hope was curdling in their throat, and they had no one to blame but themselves if they choked on it.
, and then one day there wasn’t. Cas still hadn’t been able to work up the courage to walk through that door. It was one thing to confess their love for Dean when they knew the Empty would cut short any chance of a conversation, and, mercifully, any chance of rejection, but it was completely different to have endless hours to discuss it, to answer those questions Cas was sure Dean had.
The demon’s smile widened. “Even a lowly crossroads demon like myself heard stories about you, Castiel. We would all gossip and whisper.
Cas couldn’t seem to think of anything to say, but Diana smiled victoriously and lowered her mouth to Cas’s clit again.
There was a long moment of silence, punctuated only by the dripping of water in some far-off corner.
Diana leaned close to Cas’s ear, and Cas suppressed a shiver as her voice softened into something husky and dangerous. “Now why would you go and take all the fun out of it like that?”
Diana quirked a brow like it was the most pointless question in the world. “Because it’s morning? And because you’ve been up all night doing research? Seriously, did you even sleep?”
If Cas was being honest, they didn’t know what they were looking for. The whole reincarnation business - it had been something Jack wanted to test out, see how it worked. But even with more angels back in heaven, it was hard to keep track of thousands and thousands of souls suddenly returning to Earth in completely different bodies, with a fresh slate and no memory of their past lives.
“- and you’re not bad looking, either, you know. The dark hair, the blue eyes, it’s pretty damn striking.”
Cas’s breath rushed out in an embarrassing squeak as their back slammed into the brick wall of the alley behind the bar. Diana smirked as she held Cas’s shoulders pinned, her face tilting close enough that wisps of her dirty blond hair tickled Cas’s cheek.
Cas didn’t answer, just circled toward Diana, facing the demon as he matched their footsteps in the opposite direction. Cas felt Diana’s eyes on them, waiting for a signal to attack, for a sign that they knew what they were doing.
“Yeah. Well, and other stuff. You didn’t even know my name, but you said you had watched over me. I mean, were you just covering on my guardian angel’s sick day, or something?”
When Diana kissed them, Cas felt eternity shift by the space of a heartbeat. Time slowed and time flew and time unwound itself and ceased to exist. Diana’s warm lips gently pressed against theirs as if they had forever. She teased Cas’s mouth open, and Cas’s breath hitched in their chest. Breathing - what was breathing compared to this? Diana’s hand slid up the back of their shirt, and Cas felt goosebumps rise on their arms as Diana’s nails trailed over their skin.
The werewolf had pinned him to the dusty concrete, knocking a knife from the hunter’s grip. There was the sound of tearing fabric as the beast raked its claws across the hunter’s chest.
Diana’s gaze flicked back to Cas. “So. Big-wig like you wouldn’t come downstairs for something an underling could manage. You gonna tell us what that is?”
if they didn’t want to. The scent of whiskey on Diana’s breath, though - that was intoxicating in a way that made Cas feel like they were unraveling. Diana must have caught a hint at the turmoil in Cas’s brain, because her smile widened.
Cas opened their mouth to explain, to tell them everything. But Dean’s voice from another lifetime whispered in the back of their mind.
Gritting their teeth, Cas sized him up, searching for a weakness. The last traces of hesitation crumbled away as their battle-hardened reflexes rose to the surface.
. And Cas couldn’t quite process the familiar soul looking back at him through unfamiliar eyes, eyes that
She poked at one of the faded folders littering the table’s surface, and Cas closed the one they had been looking through. “Not really. A few police reports that could be referencing the pack’s activity, but it’s vague enough that I’m not sure. And it’s all within the same few blocks of the warehouse district - even if all of these do come down to the werewolves, it doesn’t give us anything new. We know their hunting grounds, but not where they live.”
“That’s, uh - that’s not strictly true. Temptation implies sin, and there’s actually nothing sinful about homosexuality.”
Cas tested the door and found it locked. They were considering whether it would be wiser to try picking the lock (Dean had been a bad teacher) or to just wrench the door off its hinges when there was a shout inside, followed by a crash. Cas didn’t even have to think about it before they vanished, reappearing inside the building.
Then Cas was burying their blade into the werewolf’s side and trying to block out the hitching gasp the creature made before it collapsed onto the floor. The silence that followed felt like a lump in Cas’s throat, but it was only as they turned to Dean, extending a hand to help him up, that they realized something was wrong. It was a different body, sure, but Cas didn’t need to look at bodies. Dean’s soul, it was...
Cas took a ragged breath and opened their eyes, meeting Diana’s gaze. That same well-beloved soul stared back at them, luminous and unbelievably beautiful. A soft smile twitched at Cas’s lips. “I am the one who has loved you from one life to another.”
to compare to the power of an angel? What are you going to do, exorcize me? Always kind of liked the tingle of those, to be honest. No, sweetheart, sit back and let the big dogs play. Wouldn’t want you to get hurt.”
Cas froze, their eyes meeting Diana’s across the table. “It, uh… well. We’re trying out reincarnation, to see how it goes.”
Cas froze with their hand on the door. Even in the dim light of the dark alley, Diana could see their shoulders twitch back, and she had a sudden mental image of wings folding tightly against the angel’s body. When they spoke, she barely heard it.
have to start from the beginning? They could see Sam and Dean shedding their suspicion and moving straight toward disinterest.
Their breath caught in their throat, and they felt their face twist into an expression they knew they wouldn’t like seeing in a mirror. “I am just so
“Letting your new pet do the dirty work?” He turned to Diana. “Before you shack up with this angel, sweetheart, you might want to ask them how much their affection costs. Did they tell you how many times they betrayed the man they loved? How many times he ended up dead, despite their best efforts? Being loved by an angel isn't a blessing, sweetie, it’s a -”
When you had eternity, what did it matter if it took you a decade to work up the courage to face the man you loved? Now, with Dean sent back to Earth, Cas’s hesitation just felt embarrassing.
Cas hadn’t realized how long it had been since they had fought a demon. They had been on friendly terms with one too many, it seemed, and they felt a hesitation in their bones that unsettled them. This had been Dean, once.
Once-Dean lifted an eyebrow, and Cas realized they had paused for far too long without saying anything. “Dean, I -”
Diana cocked a brow at them. “Wait, you probably know that dude, right? I mean, the baby-smiter has gotta be a real stiff.”
Diana didn’t need telling twice. She yanked Cas’s underwear down and spread their legs apart. Cas arched back against the wall as Diana’s tongue slicked against her, sudden and irresistible. A cry tore its way from their throat, and Diana slid her hands up to their ass, making it impossible to move away. Cas shut their eyes, focusing on Diana’s tongue as it flicked against their clit before sliding deeper, separating them and opening them up. Diana kissed them deeply, and Cas’s thighs trembled. They were distantly aware that one of Diana’s hands had moved, but they flinched in surprise when her fingers teased at the entrance to their vagina. Diana pulled away.
“Hm?” Cas asked, looking up from the chipped formica tabletop. They had been too focused on the napkin Diana had used to wipe off her red lipstick.
The jagged rays of sunlight piercing through the windows created angular patches of light in the warehouse’s dim interior, but it was still enough to see the tall hunter grappling with a half-turned werewolf in the center of the room. Cas felt a surge of familiarity in their borrowed bones as they watched the fight. Dean had always been so good at this, he was -
They stormed into the bathroom and closed the door, leaning heavily against it. After fighting with themselves for a moment, they knelt on the floor. This was as good a place as any.
looks, that most people couldn’t quite interpret, and barely even caught. This one was definitely saying
Cas pressed their palms against their closed eyelids until they saw stars, until constellations bloomed and withered and bloomed again in the dark.
Cas took her hand and let themselves be pulled to their feet. Diana gave a small squeeze before letting go, and Cas felt their cheeks turning warm. That was the thing about bodies - they were always betraying you.
“I’ve been wanting this,” Diana murmured, “wanting to see you with my lipstick on your skin where no one else would be able to find it. Wanting to leave my mark on your softest places.”
A mischievous grin quirked the corner of Diana's red, red lips. "Whatever you did to him, he said it made him hungry, so he'll be down at the diner for a while."
“So, if you’re an angel, you’ll be able to tell me, say, what I wished for on my eighth birthday? Or which bone Sammy broke when he encountered his first vampire? Or what happened to our parents?”
Cas succeeded in pulling a thread from their sleeve and twisted it tightly around their finger. “That, um. That may have been me.”
Their attention snapped back to the present as their shoe knocked into a pebble that skittered loudly against the cracked pavement. They had made it to the dingy warehouse district dividing the city from the docks, and the sun was blushing into the tangle of metal and brick buildings as it sank toward the horizon. The werewolf would be here soon.
The demon held his hands up in mock surrender. “Oh, come on, Cas. Dean had you so whipped, you didn’t know which way was up.”
Diana quirked a brow. “Well, who woulda thought. Angels make mistakes, and they apologize.” She scrubbed her hand along her jaw and shook her head. “I’m gonna have to rewrite a helluva lot of my dad’s journal. He never factored angels into the equation, or
They let out a sigh and tried again. “Dean. When you really needed me, you would pray, and I would hear you. I know you never heard a single one of my prayers, but I needed - I just needed to say them. To hope that even though you couldn’t hear the words, they would surround you like a cloud, seep into you, somehow, give you the things you needed. There was so much I couldn’t say to you, that I never got the chance to say to you. And now I just -”
“Do you have a quest, or something? I mean, every time an angel is mentioned in the Bible, they always come to give an important message, or deal out judgement. Like the whole first-borns in Egypt thing.”
Cas paused, pressing their lips together, then took a measured step toward Diana. They didn’t meet her gaze as they reached forward and gingerly brushed their fingertips against her injured arm. Diana felt a rush of energy through her skin that felt like a spring breeze, then the pain was gone and her wound was healed. She looked up at the angel in surprise.
some over the years, but this demon fell solidly outside of the ‘alright’ category. Diana already had a gash down her arm, and Sam had been thrown into a wall the moment they got here and still hadn’t woken up.
There was a crack of thunder, and a bright light flashed around them. Behind Cas, their shadow stood in stark relief against the faded bricks. Diana’s eyes widened at the sight of the dark wings stretching out from the shadow, flaring out to their full extent on either side of the angel. It was only for a moment, then the light was gone, but a fury glowed in Cas’s eyes that Diana hadn’t seen before.
Cas’s voice cracked against their will. “How could you leave me there, Dean? You didn’t even try, and you always try, you always tried for Sam, and I thought - I believed you when you said we were family.
Then Diana’s lips were on Cas’s neck and the gravel was shining like stars and the sky was dark enough to swallow them whole. The single light at the back of the bar blew out in a shower of sparks. Diana laughed softly against Cas’s skin before drawing back to look into their eyes.
And then it was teeth and claws and the sound of gunshots ringing in Cas’s ears like redemption. Even in the flurry of the fight, Cas never lost sight of Diana. She was always at the corner of their eye, a flash of red streaking like a comet. Cas ripped their blade from the back of another werewolf, letting the creature drop to the ground. They could hear the unfamiliar rush of blood in their ears as they watched the rest of the pack turn tail and disappear into the shadows. Cas’s eyes found Diana’s as they both caught their breath, and Diana gave a brief nod that sent a fresh surge of adrenaline into the angel’s pounding heart.
“I’m not at liberty to say. Now that the pack has scattered, I only have two more nights to find them before I’ll have to wait until the next lunar cycle. I could use your help, if you’ll give it.”
Diana smiled, her teeth brushing against Cas’s skin and teasing at the top of their underwear. “Red lace, huh? I wasn’t expecting that from an angel, but I guess if I learned one thing from
“The only souls to be reincarnated were those who agreed,” Jack had said. “They wanted to go back to Earth to try to make things better. Like Mr. Frost said, ‘the utmost reward of daring -’”
The only thing Jack would tell Cas about Dean’s new life was that he had found his way to hunting without even trying, and that he would be in St. Louis this week. Jack said that the rest should be easy enough for Cas to figure out - no angel knew hunting or the Winchesters like they did.
“One of -” There was a split second where Dean’s face froze before she smoothed a neutral expression over her features. “You’ve been watching over us? You’re an angel?”
Sam blurted out almost immediately “Alpohhs” oh that made Gabriel preen he had made this tall strong Alpha was almost unintelligible. As a reward he ghosted his lips along the taller Alpha’s jaw until he reached his lips, leaning in and placing a chased kiss upon them. Sam was totally lost to the soft touches and lips of the smaller Alpha that smelt so much like sweets and honey.
Once they were finished in the bath Cas got up dried himself off and went to tell Balthazar to make sure that room service should do 2 for breakfasts. Then headed back to the bathroom only to find it totally empty.
“Both Alpha, both” Dean said coyly. This was met by a massive smile from Cas who lent forwards and brushed Dean’s hand. That caused Dean to blush a little. Which apparently that’s all the permission Dean’s inner Omega needed to launch himself at Cas hopping straight into his lap and locking their lips together. Despite being totally taken off guard Cas was more than happy to have Dean back in his arms and the kissing as far as he was concerned was a bonus.
Cas was expecting to have Officer Mills knock at their door, maybe it was earlier than he though, but better now than never. Standing he leaned in close to Dean and whispered “hey sweetheart don’t worry, how about you get dressed and meet us in the sitting room okay babe?” Dean smiled and nodded trotting off towards the bedroom, Cas
His alpha screamed again his anger renewed. He must find Dean! Dam his title, dam consequences, dam the world entire.
He opened his mouth three times each time letting out a breathless moan till he finally managed to speak. “You! I need you” that made Cas chuckle. he knew that his Alpha would say something like
Apparently he didn’t get an option as his stupid inner Omega decided for him “Yes” Cas half smiled and turned towards Sam and the living room.
“I DON’T KNOW, HE’S GONE! I DON’T NEED YOUR HELP DAD” he shouted load, Alpha voice full forcing out every single syllable. He heard a rustling and a growl on the other end of the phone, then another voice came across but instead of the well-mannered voice of his father it was the forceful voice of his Mother “Castiel, I understand your upset but you will not talk to your Father in such a manner. Now listen here I’ve just received word from Naomi they’ve just arrived at hers. I suggest you calm yourself and go get him” he didn’t hear the rest of the conversation throwing the phone to the Beta opposite him and running out of the room hearing a “I’m sorry Ma’am he’s gone” and a “Yes, he is sometimes” – probably his mother telling the Beta that he was a moron or some such thing.
A few minutes later Cas’s knot went down and he slipped out of his mate. Cas grabbed the wet cloth to help clean them up. Dean already hated the feeling of emptiness he’d have to figure it out and keep his mouth shut, no need to tell Alpha.
After that Dean couldn’t remember much of his heat aside from Cas giving him food and water and the occasional showers and more often knots he got.
He heard it speak again, but, he found it hard to come up with anything worthwhile. So he decided that simple is best especially at the moment he took a shallow breath then spoke. “Alpha” his voice was soft and a little wrecked, but it was load enough for Alpha to hear. Near instantly there was a soft purr coming from Alpha’s chest like the dull hum that would come from baby whilst she was in park. He was sad to leave her but it’s not like they could bring her with them, he had smiled at Alpha and told him that Sam would look after her. Cas was unconvinced, little did Dean know but Cas had already spoken to Sam and they had agreed to ship Baby home. – So relaxing he almost missed next words cooing into his ear “There’s my wonderful Omega”
Once inside Cas could smell the residual panic and stress that clung to Dean a smell that he couldn’t quite get rid of, so he decided that he would run a wonderful bath for the tiered and stressed out Omega. Heading towards the bathroom, he set the bath to run whilst he nudged the beautiful Omega in his arms “Sweetheart, I’m going to run you a bath then I will put you to bed. We’ll talk in the morning. That okay with you?”
Eventually they noticed that the soup was starting to boil, so reluctantly Cas placed Dean down though didn’t let him outside of his arms
Cas let a little of his Alpha out. “Because you are mine! And I am yours” he growled, sounding a little more angry now. He sounded as if as if he had gargled on gravel and small animal bones. His eyes showing a little more crimson around the edges.
“Yeah sweetheart I know” Cas just held him for a few moments. That was until there came a buzz from the intercom. “Your highness, the police are here”
Dean who had been waiting by the door was itching to introduce himself to his Mates family, but Cas had said
Slowly he begins to wake, nothing how he’s use to awaking. The first thing he sees is absolutely perfect it’s Cas smiling down at him, but somethings wrong the smile doesn’t reach his eyes. He smiles anyway and snuggles closer.
Amara smiled at this and spoke again “Good. He is a good Alpha, we raised him right. But sometimes he’ll need to be reminded that he is. Don’t be afraid to tell him would you?” her voice soft yet firm, he could definitely see where Cas had gotten that low rumble from.
He huffed out a laugh “You know that’s the first time you’ve called me by my name without me asking Balthazar” his voice was an echo of its usual self. His Alpha was ridding him hard to do something, anything to not let their gorgeous strong willed Omega get away; but, what could be done? he could chase after Dean though that was likely to end with the Omega telling him that he’d never want to see him again or he could wait and hope Dean would return to him which would mean he’d just have to sit here and stew in his own pit of self-pity.
“Not yet baby” he cooed downwards. Still walking towards the exit, the smile on his lips falling away. Dean on the other hand didn’t care where he was happy right where he was snuggling close and closing his eyes again. “Okay I sleep till then?” The Omega murmured.
“Need what love? Name it and it’s yours” his voice was strong as usual. Dean also knew for an absolute certainty that Cas was being totally one hundred percent serious. Castiel would move mountains for Dean. Sometimes the Omega half thinks to himself that he’d do it literally for nothing more than the opportunity to see Dean smile. All these thoughts and more were flowing through him, like a river flows through a landscape shaping it, shaping him into something beautiful. But right now he was having trouble thinking of anything but that sinful tongue and voice.
Gabriel thought to himself smugly. Turning his head slightly so he could look up into the face of the alpha currently enveloping him. “I’m going to my room, and you’re coming with me, where you gonna to fuck me six ways to Sunday and twice on Monday” he added a little wink. He could definitely fell something long and hard against his thigh.
Oh that was it Cas had had enough standing, and despite being only about an inch taller than John and Michael he seemed to tower over them. He spoke with all the authority and power he could mister “My name is Castiel Novak, I am a world renowned Doctor, the Duke of Wessex and fifth in like to the throne. My mother is Queen Amara and my farther is Chuck the Duke of Edinburgh. And you will talk to me and my mate with respect!” finishing he breathed slowly attempting to calm down slightly, easier said than done, but attempting non the less.
“Yes baby?” he heard from behind him, the voice was totally washed out and raw. He was licking his lips probably teasing the frankly ridiculous amount of slick pouring out of Dean.
“Technically I’ve meant Samandriel half a dozen times” the Alpha correct. After receiving a not so happy face from his Omega he continued “but yes that might have been better” he finished as he to let down the smaller man in his arms.
his Alpha. Throwing his arms around him pulling his close and smelling him deeply smiling to himself, he was home.
Naomi, was dressed in suit had kind eyes and frost white hair stood and soft warm smile towards her unexpected guest. “Dean, sweetheart” she started, what she didn’t pick up on was the stab of pain the Omega opposite her felt; for only his Alpha called him that. “What brings you all this way without my dashing younger brother hey?” she sadly smiled towards him as she waved at a seat next to hers.
