They are about to begin the ceremony and Dean’s excited to be the Best Man. He’s never thought he’d get to be that for real so it feels like a dream. Maria’s supposed to be the Flower Girl but she hasn’t shown up yet.
Castiel shook his head, “No. I did, but it broke and I couldn’t afford to fix it, so Edgar entertains me most nights.”
There’s commotion in the hallway.
“What?” He barked at Sam.
“Of course you can drain magic. It’s much like blood-letting. If you drain too much of it the mages will die as their bodies require magic to survive. Back in the day it was used as a rather frequent torture variant until people realised that that’s why their inmates tended to die so rapidly. So it was reduced to only small amounts at a time – still painful enough as I hear. But I digress.
“I also think about pushing my finger into your eye and pop the eyeball out. I think about putting my fingers in your mouth and rip it open, tearing your jaw off. I think about putting my hand in your chest”, his hand left his face and was now rubbing over his chest, “just to tear your heart out. Breaking every rib you have, pierce your lungs and see the terrified look in your eyes.”
. How is Cas’ gayness softer than mine?”
“Hi,” Cas greeted them as he slid into the backseat of the Impala and handed them two of the flower crowns while putting the last one on his head.
It was difficult on multiple levels.
“We’re almost there,” she said while she kept looking at Castiel. Dean nodded and pushed the gas a bit harder.
Fuck. He’d...
“It’s got to be you,” he says and on auto-pilot, Dean reaches out and takes this soul Jack is offering him. It feels warm in his hands. It feels a little bit like a baby bird.
“What’ve you realised?”
and it made me rethink. I wondered if you were right, if people could actually choose their own destinies.
In the background, Sam was getting up but Dean didn’t pay him any mind. Dean was concentrated on
He looked ahead at Sam. He hadn’t moved. “Sammy,” he whispered.
. Dean knew he should stand up to these two and give them a piece of his mind, but he couldn’t move. He just wanted them to go away; he wanted them to never exist. What was he supposed to do? He didn’t want to appear weak in front of Cas.
“Good day!” a voice screamed at him and Sam was startled to hear a bird yell at him. The bird – a parrot – flapped its wings and looked at him expectantly. Sam could only stare back. What was he supposed to do? “H – Hello?” he tried and the bird cawed at him.
No, Sam is the golden child. He’s just – he’s just the first son, that’s all. He’s never been good enough for Dad and even though she’s never said it, he knows: Mom prefers Sam as well. If he had disappeared into the forest, none of them would have missed him. Maybe they wouldn’t even have noticed.
“They always are,” he replied.
Sam nodded and still, he could see that Dean didn’t want to leave. Sam pushed him a bit. “Go, Dean. I’ll be fine, yeah? I’ll call you as soon as I know something, okay?”
Dean frowned. What was that supposed to mean? Dad took Cas for a run? But Dad didn’t go for runs. Something didn’t make sense here. The bird flapped his wings, pulling Dean out of his thoughts.
“Cas,” Dean says quietly. “Please. If it’s you, then please – please give me a sign.”
“I was waiting for you to wake up,” he says and you want to apologise. You’ve made him wait.
Maybe you’ve always deserved them.
After that, Dean had hid his Harrison Ford poster under his bed. He believed it might be better if Dad didn’t see that hanging about.
Dean kissed him.
Dean frowns.
“He doesn’t love you,” Lucifer says.
Castiel grinned brightly. His eyes crinkled, and it was almost adorable enough to forgive him. Dean looked back to the road. If only he could stop thinking about Castiel having sex in the backseat. If only he could stop thinking about the sounds Castiel probably made.
They just exploded. In front of his eyes, they just exploded in a flash of light and Dean looks down at Goo. His hand his outstretched, just like before and something coils in Dean’s stomach. It couldn’t be. No, that’s just ridiculous.
Dean threw Sam a helpless look and Sam could do little more than shrug. He didn’t know, either. Rowena and Castiel seemed familiar, for lack of a better word. It felt like they both knew something, but weren’t ready to give it up to anyone quite yet.
Maybe Dean wants to find the guy again just so that he could maybe save the flower.
It was too much and Castiel had just needed to cry.
He mourned every moment he never got to have.
Cas doesn’t really respond to anything when he wakes up. But Dean doesn’t care. Cas is here. Cas is alive. He’s slapped himself several times just to make sure that he was really awake. It’s hard to pry Dean away from Cas even just for a minute.
Please remember that, as a favour to me. Please.”
For the next few years, Castiel took care of a small arrangement of flowers. Edgar complimented him every so often on them and Castiel came to view him as the father he never really had. And then, war came to their lands.
That, apparently, had been satisfying enough and Castiel beamed at him before taking his hand. “Great! Let’s go then!” He then looked around a bit. “Although, where to exactly?”
“You were hoping to catch it, weren’t you?”
He hadn’t seen his Uncle in years, even when he got the Impala for his sixteenth birthday and was allowed semi-free will. Semi ‘cause it was always conditioned by his father’s whims. And his father had forbidden him to drive up to his Uncle’s, to seek refuge. Why would the man even let him in, after all that time?
he had claimed it was, and he had said that they also left a yellow powder behind.
He was way too unruffled about the entire ordeal, Dean thought, terrified of what it meant: the calm before the storm, the eye of the hurricane.
But he was not Sober Dean at the moment, and his mouth ran before his brain could catch up. “I mean that we really went to town and also stop tilting your head like that!”
"No, sir. I can handle."
But that was a thought for later. Right at the moment, he had to cross the street because of course, the perfect and attractive stranger had shipped them to the wrong side of the road.
And this was all his fault.
It was Castiel to break their tense silence. “I have heard your prayers before our encounter. Were they incidental?” he asked, voice barely above a whisper. It almost felt like a secret, to Dean, like he didn’t really want to say it but at the same time, he couldn’t help himself.
"I told you, my orders..."
“Our Princess Leia is gonna take half an hour to shower, we have time.”
Dean thought.
All unanswerable questions swarmed in his head and Dean just hoped he was enough for him, that he could be enough for his Angel. He gathered all his courage as he tried to ground himself, his mind full of images of Castiel smiling at him, drawing strength and comfort in the knowledge that they might be reunited soon. And then he whispered his strangled “
Yet, somehow, he didn’t think history would repeat itself on him, not with Cas by his side, not again. He finally had someone that understood the life, that understood the dangers and perils. That understood
“Ish. But I don’t know what to tell you, I just… Habit, again, I guess?” Words were never easy for him. Sam, he was the smart one, the one who went to college, who got out of the family business. He was intelligent and quick and everyone loved him.
, even if they had no stable place to stay at.
“How was it?” Cas asked eventually, never once removing his arms from around Dean.
The last one was rushed and well-practised. Long was the clumsy shame he felt in the beginning, replaced with longing for more, always
He returned his face to the crook of Cas’ neck for good measure, sighing deeply and happily as his Angel rubbed his back, smoothing out the aching muscles.
“Geez, Cas, if you wanted to touch me so badly, you should’ve just asked.”
would’ve wanted.
His hunter kept on shaking his head, the tears flowing unrestrained now, freely, in tandem with the beat of his heart in agony: “Don’t say that,” he begged, never once letting his eyes wander away from the angel’s face.
Castiel had tried to keep out of the Hunter’s mind out of respect and he did not think it would be appropriate to intrude his private thoughts to gather the whereabouts of the demon, so he simply stared back, waiting for the hunter to willingly tell him. “I can take you there, if you want to” he admitted, almost looking sheepish for reasons unbeknownst to Castiel. He apparently was not going to divulge the information. He had to ensure, after all, his own utility to the mission, Castiel reasoned, and that was the only way for the hunter to do so.
As I was saying, I've wasted years of my life, that I'll never get back, because of these two assholes. Pretty sure they shaved personally down my lifespan with everything I had to endure. From silent treatments, second-hand embarrassment, bickering, full-blown marital fights, passive-aggressive attitudes. Pet names, even when they weren’t together. The number of times I’ve heard Dean call Cas ‘
"I'm too adorable to get coal. Especially from you."
HEY! There is no need to throw shit at me, Bigfoot! I’m just saying things as they are, and things are that you plus matches equals bad decisions. You’re one bonfire away from becoming an arsonist and then we’d have to sing you the lullaby.
"You did an excellent job, Dean. I have to admit, I am rather impressed" called the angel in way of greeting.
He couldn’t cry, wouldn’t. He needed to remain still, he had no time to waste on tears. Even if he desperately wanted them to come, the tears still remained behind, unable to fall. Years of holding them back worked too well.
. It was a figure of speech.
"You volunteered, Dean."
He surely was one to talk, considering how many times Cas had barged in his room at the bunker with a pot of fresh coffee reminding him that it was well past noon.
You better get used to it!
Then why, why was he feeling like shit, even more than usual?
But Miracle was a good listener as well. Granted, he didn’t offer the same acknowledgement and quiet understanding as Cas did, but he rubbed his snout over Dean’s knee, and he let himself be petted over and over and over. And, somehow, that was enough.
“You shut me down.”
“I did, me and Claire were fangirling the entire time. It was cute, but if anyone asks…” Dean trailed off, motioning with a finger crossing over his throat. He had a reputation to maintain, after all.
His knees jerked up out of instinct, ready to get out of whatever situation he had just landed himself, but he just drew them against his chest, knowing that, for the time being, he was safe inside the bunker, pretty much alone. He hugged them tightly around his body as he tried to make himself smaller, more out of habit than necessity, when his vision swirled once again over the darkness of his closed eyelids.
“Which girl are you talking about?”
"Wait, what?” asked a slightly confused hunter.
A tense silence fell between them, until it was broken by the hunter himself, "Dude! Keep the info coming. I gotta know more!"
Dean, bring used to that kind of tone, imperceptibly flinched, but stood his ground, "No way Cas. I said I'd help you and you accepted my heroic help into slaying this beast!"
“You are being overdramatic, Sam,” Castiel commented in a monotonous voice, merely stating a simple fact as if crossing an item from the shopping list, and Dean could not help himself from stealing a kiss, his own smile never falling down, “Dean and I are practically fully clothed.”
“What’s the catch?” he asked. There must have been one, perhaps the entire Earth would perish for it, maybe he would stay in there, locked up. Something must give, he reminded himself. No one gave anything for free, especially not skittish powerful beings older than time itself.
“Why would you?”
"Aww, c'mon man, don't leave me hanging like this!"
Even if this situation would never happen again, it was still something to draw strength from. And what if he believed that Castiel had been lying or at least overexaggerating with his comments: those words had been said and had etched themselves in Dean’s mind, for better or for worse.
"…You're lucky you're cute otherwise I'd stab you with it."
killing the bodysuit, right?"
“Pleasurable? Hell yeah it is,” and he didn’t know who to blame anymore, his mind clouded by the alcohol or the proximity of the Angel or the fact that he had never felt so calm as he had with Castiel, but in a sudden rush of boldness, he leant forward, seizing the moment, “here let me show you!”
There was no mistaking the mischievous smile that took hold of the Hunter’s face: “Let me guess. I’ll pray instead of calling, right?” he asked, slowly moving his lips on Castiel’s neck, gently scraping his teeth on his flesh.
Therefore, the suicide rescue mission that had miraculously gone right, better than expected.
Which was kinda bullshit, since he knew he could’ve come out anytime to me. I was the president of the PFLAG at Stanford, which he knew and teased me about all the time! At the very least, he could’ve dropped some hints, and that would’ve been on me for not realising what he wanted to admit. But he didn’t!
Jack, kid, wanna come up here and say something? After all, Claire did for your dads, so it’s your turn. C’mon, get up here!
He could feel his discomfort without even being inside his mind the first time and once he had tried to enter it, to try to calm him and soften his emotions, Castiel had found an intricate labyrinth that guarded his psych against the outside. It was a medieval gate, locked and sealed to avoid the pain while also keeping the tumultuous emotions inside, locked in tight. It had gone by itself, for Castiel hadn’t been able to be of assistance and the hunter had, if his memories were truthful, experience dealing with those strong emotions.
If anyone had told twenty-something years old Dean that he would share fatherhood with an angel to the Devil’s Spawn, who was actually the new god, he wouldn’t have hesitated in shooting all of his barrels at them.
But he had to be serious now: "Answer this: you're planning on finishing the demon
To Castiel's knowledge, humans consumed a diverse and vast amount of nutrients, derived from animals and plants alike, but they each had their preferences. He could clearly remember the prayer of an old mother, desperate for her son had chosen to not eat any type of meat in his life.
He then snorted out loud, John Winchester was many things, but not someone that could've been proud of his dumb son. Dean was only good at following orders and had even troubles at it from time to time. His father always had to remind him to focus and not to space out and not to be a burden. "
his mind screamed, but he simply nodded along, swallowing his bruising pride.
Somewhere in his mind, voices were starting to rise again. Not that they had actually stopped, more like lowered their volumes as he tried to focus on Castiel. But now that there was silence all around them, they returned with their full force.
And then he had actually gotten into the place and found out how badly he was mistaken.
Hence the two, empty bottles of whiskey that he had opened just the night before that were left somewhere between his room and the kitchen, and the dozen bottles of beer that littered his bedroom.
. Don’t get me wrong, you were, it was a chainsaw accident with a train wreck attached to it. But it also wasn’t, ‘cause there were so many layers to your stories and, yeah, it’s really fun to taunt you, but it’s also nice that you two got through all that bullshit together.
Sammy just looked at him with pride and awe swelling his eyes, as if he was still the easily impressionable three years old that fell for every one of Dean’s jokes and tricks that made him eat his dinner without a fuzz. “You did it!” he happily exclaimed, clumping his hand tightly over his shoulder in lieu of a hug.
He was, once again, frozen on the floor, just as he had been the week prior. It was ironic, how his reaction was mirroring the one he had had when Castiel had been taken, despite the complete turn of events.
Yet, there was only one person who wouldn’t have belittled him for feeling and who would’ve comforted him. Which was why he had allowed himself to break down in the first place, to let his leash on his emotions go.
With time, though, dread crept up and his fears made their way into his brain once more, as they usually ended up to. He wasn’t going fast enough, he wasn’t finding anything at all, he was wasting Castiel’s time. There were too many ways this could go wrong, with only one possible happy outcome. They were all doomed.
The new god, to his part, had the decency to look a little bit sheepish as he went down the stairs, taking two steps in one: “Sorry!” he exclaimed, foregoing the last steps in favour of jumping them, landing straight in front of Dean.
He tried for a lighter tone, to joke and to let the pregnant and stagnant air around them disperse, but Castiel was nothing if not intense. “Good things do happen, Dean,” he reminded him, using the same words that were spoken in their first real conversation.
Sure, the amount of misinformation some pages held was shocking and alarming, but he wasn’t bothered about it. Not everyone had been through all of Heaven, Purgatory and Hell multiple times, after all. He still marked them with post-it notes, to remind himself to fix all the errors he had found in them, once everything was back to normal.
let me know if you spot a reference slightly adjusted to Grease and if you spot a certain quote ;)
Don’t you agree that is it funny, how Benny and I knew your now husband
What followed was a pregnant pause, a heavy silence that could rupture Dean’s eardrums, if they just kept it going any longer. Again, the stalemate they were in, thick and painful and hurting both of them at the same time. Again, Dean couldn’t speak or retort anything other than a quick nod of his head, probably barely visible from his hutched position but that still managed to convey his message. He was afraid that, the moment he would open his mouth, all of his unsaid words would leave him, revealing truths that should stay buried, because he might change Castiel’s mind if he said something. He could defend himself with his words, but that wasn’t what he wanted.
There was no way it came out of his imagination.
“You are being stubborn.” Castiel couldn’t understand why. He was aware that the humans were aware of the consequences of insomnia and he had not detected any physical chronical illness in the hunter. It was utterly illogical.
“So, what, I got a priority ticket to Heaven?” he joked, turning his head back up to stare at the deep blue eyes that populated all of his dreams.
Wiping the tears out of his eyes, he recomposed himself.
Dean doubted anyone would go around missing him, he had never managed to do one right thing in his entire life, so why would anyone need him?
“I do not understand how firing a human weapon could work in this situation.”
Just as he parked the car, his phone started to ring with Cas’ ringtone. He couldn’t help but pick it up with a smile. He had spent so long hiding his feelings for the angel and hiding his bisexuality and he couldn’t hold his happiness back any longer.
He finally allowed himself to rant directly to his brother about something other than hunting, instead of hiding behind a mask of
He always thought that he had enough bullets, and yet monsters kept on overpowering him. He always thought he knew his own limits, and yet he kept on breaking down his own barriers for the people he loved. He always thought that Castiel couldn’t reciprocate, because he was an angel of the Lord and love was a very human emotion, but his Angel just loved to prove him wrong.
On the other side of the door, Death was still knocking. Billie was still Heaven bent on her path, was still trying to demolish them both, and Castiel knew that, any second now, the seal would break, leaving them to her wrath.
Forget Chuck and the End of the world and Lucifer. None of those guys gave me grey hair and wrinkles. These two, peacefully seated at their table, casually holding hands right now, these two are the reason for my stress.
Humans failed in such extreme lengths that it became a trait in their personality. An Angel who failed was punished.
He was thankful for the lack of pain in his body, his heart had already taken too much sorrow during the last couple of days and he needed to say a proper goodbye to his brother, a clean albeit tearful one.
So he did what he did best: kept on working, focusing on the rhythm of the axe against the wood, desperately trying to hold himself together.
He had always longed for a normal life, one of those that populated the magazines and tv shows, incompatible with the harsh reality they lived in, with their picket fences and apple pies on the windowsill, and, when he had had the chance to shoot his shot all those years back, it had backfired miserably.
Dean had realised, a few years before, in Purgatory, that he’d burn himself at the stake for Cas, to keep him warm and safe. And yet, he was always the reason for his downfall, his hurting, his pain.
But none of that mattered, as long as he could be a good son and soldier and brother.
He would definitely show Cas once they got back home, and Eileen probably, but nowhere in his intention he meant for Garth to see it!
“As if you even need to ask!” he commented, putting on his shirt and leaning down to grab his bag and belt, purposefully pulling an Elle Woods in front of his still shirtless husband.
Jack was now in the middle of recounting just how he had dug the ghost’s grave with a shovel basically by himself under Claire and Dean’s proud eyes, when Cas kindly and politely stopped him, reminding him that he could keep telling his tale in the kitchen with some food.
Yes, Cas was cheesy like that, but so was Dean, deep down. And now, that he didn’t have to care about the world full time, that he could breathe and relax without having to worry about life and death, he finally could explore the side of him that he had always kept under lock and key, inside the deepest and darkest corners of his closet.
He could still hear it all: Castiel’s final words, his confession, the shadows of the Empty closing in and taking him away, Billie knocking on the door.
No one was listening.
Castiel could not comprehend her second thought, but he assumed the hunter knew what she was talking about. Nevertheless, he willed the poor girl's feet to hurt a little less, making her situation more bearable.
He tilted his head in confusion again and Dean, despite himself, couldn't help but smile at him, "I cannot detect any injuries on your brain, how is it possible?"
Castiel could not finish the sentence due to an interruption, "Hold up, we're going up against a
His last thought, before he completely forgot everything, was the memory of Castiel’s lips pressed on his.
And Dean was a hunter, fearless and powerful, a perfectly oiled murder machine that had managed to kill the unkillable, on countless occasions. Yet, he couldn’t move, he couldn’t speak the words that were burning the back of his throat, that wanted to be yelled and screamed and free. He couldn’t even bring himself to hold the former angel’s gaze, terrified and dumb and an idiot.
, when Sam had inevitably walked in the main room, ruining their moment like he always did.
Dean wondered how he would react at the news: one thing was for Dean to sacrifice himself, giving his own life up for Castiel’s; another was putting something that was so fundamentally Cas’, his angelic grace, his very being, up for debate. He remembered all those years prior, when the angels had fallen and when he had become mortal, a shell of who he used to be.
And I knew, there and then, that they’d end up together. And my gaydar is impeccable, so, Samuel, you should take notes.
He had learnt, when he was still young and naïve, how to make himself invisible and how to fit in any tiny space he was given, how to disappear out of sight and out of mind. The notion was still inside of his brain, tuned in with years of experiences and with his grown body, not anymore able to get inside cupboards and tiny motel closets.
But, at the end of the day, he had finished his job with minimal collateral damage, which was more than a certain number of his siblings could say. He had made a quick work of the first possessed victim, which did not present Angelic wounds and therefore could be easily suspected of being murdered by one of his own species. Heaven was not to concern itself with human justice and it was not his nor any of his siblings problems.
“He’s my dentist! I don’t wanna get on his bad side!” Claire fired back, hugging her phone to her chest with the least apologetic expression ever.
It wasn’t incredibly difficult, Dean realised as he lit the candles under Rowena’s instruction. He probably could’ve done it by himself, after all the years of practice he had had, but the rational part of his brain told him that it was best this way.
“Your dude’s a lightweight, isn’t he?” Dean asked, taking off his jacket and swinging it on a nearby chair, desperately looking at anything other than the Angel on his bed. His mind was less crowded than usual and a certain train of dangerous thoughts was creeping closer and closer to the surface.
“Jack and Claire were hungry and you still have to bathe after such a long trip…” Cas commented somewhere over his neck, fervently and reverently kissing at the pulse of Dean’s jugular, sending his head into a frenzy without controlling the blood flow. But, despite his words, he wasn’t showing signs of slowing down, letting his hands roam over Dean’s exposed skin and slowly move towards his belt.
anymore.
not the way I call Dean, ‘cause it's just plain weird. You look like
Optimism, he needed to be optimistic. He needed to see the brighter side of the world, a side where Cas would open his eyes and look at him and ignore all the pain and trauma and hurt. He needed to believe that that moment was close, ready to happen.
Powerless.
But he didn’t want to hide anymore. He had bled and fought and died for this peace, and the only way he was getting his very well earned happiness, was with his Angel alongside him.
“Yes, they used to roam free the oceans” Castiel explained calmly, unaware of the internal beliefs shift that was happening inside Dean’s mind, “It is a shame the species is now extinct, they were quite lovely. Nowadays their descents are still remarkable, mind you, but not quite as lethal.” As he talked about them, a shiny gleam passed over the Angel’s eyes. It had possibly been the most human gesture that he had shown since they had met.
‘Cause that was what his Uncle wanted for them, him and his little brother: a normal life, with normal things, with normal stupid problems. He didn’t want them to go and hunt poltergeists, he didn’t what them to know how to stitch themselves up, he didn’t want them to die hunting, young and alone.
One moment prior, there was only darkness, a cold void, but now a beam of light illuminated the cosmic entity in front of him.
He didn’t know where he was now, didn’t know how many miles he had put in between himself and the cramped motel room they were staying at. All he knew was that he had taken his leather jacket and his keys with him before he left. Those, besides his necklace and his car, were the only possessions he needed. Everything else stayed in the Impala at all times, after all.
“Are you certain you are alright?” he asked softly, moving to take one of Dean’s hands in his, to make a comforting gesture he had seen many times from above.
“Did you tell Sam yet?” Jack asked innocently, noticing the distinct lack of a Winchester in the bunker.
As they should.
He followed Miracle out of his room, trying to let his mind wander to all the food that was in the kitchen, ready to be prepared.
It was his fault, and he would have willingly taken his place in a heartbeat. But before he was able to suggest the exchange, he would have to convince the Shadow to listen to him.
Sacrifices must be made, and all that jazz!
The young female was wearing a short, pale blue skirt and a white shirt below her apron, her hair tied up on the top of her head. Her thoughts were simple and clear, one said
Unfortunately, his rambling didn’t have the expected effect. Castiel was, once again, tilting his head to the side. That was the last drop. Dean had to be alone with his thoughts for a few seconds to recover, otherwise he’d explode.
The only thing he could now do was remove his silver knife from his belt and stab the man in the chest with it. The stranger was a few inches shorter than him and the knife cut into his clothes and chest like it was butter. It drove easily and quickly and through his heart. If that thing had a heart.
the Angel had quietly replied, eyeing the dark brown liquid before tentatively drinking, wincing at the taste before going in for a second sip, this time with more enthusiasm.
He hadn’t realized Castiel had moved to sit down on the floor next to him, not until his vision cleared, tears still streaming down his cheeks, and his eyes tried to find him across the room. He moved too silently, that Angel of his.
"Maybe you remember buying what's inside?"
Castiel was puzzled and confused, "I fail to see the correlation between safety measures and your own abilities."
Well, maybe some of you are asking themselves: how did she steal the spot from cosmic beings? Answer is: I am excellent at arm wrestling and beat every other contender without even blinking an eye, how about that?
None of them had been sure about what would happen once the spell was completed. Rowena had only theorised of different possible scenarios, but there was only one way to find out whether or not she was right.
But after having killed the unkillable and defeated the all-powerful forces of the Universe? Now, regular monsters were almost ordinary.
He didn’t know how much time had passed, too lost in his sorrow.
“I don’t think I’m following properly.”
Castiel seemed to think about it for a long time. Perhaps he never had to explain such basic stuff before. "Have you ever seen a rotting corpse?"
They had discovered, on the many nights they spent awake, that in giving him new taste receptors to make his life on Earth more human despite still being an angel in all his glory, Jack had also activated some of Jimmy’s old nerves that had gone dormant, useless to the purpose of a vessel. Amongst those nerves, lying somewhere, was the fact that he was a ticklish man, which translated into a now ticklish angel.
"Indeed."
“What have you done to Cas?” he demanded, a sudden panic taking hold of him at the knowledge that they might’ve hurt him. He knew it was a bad idea to stick around the Angel and now he had fucked up. Dean knew this would happen and he chose to ignore the voices that whispered to him to refrain, to ignore, to forget.
The hunter became enraged, he leapt up to his feet and looked at Castiel with a bewildered expression. His breathing became uneven, his heart rate sped up in a non-pathological way and his movements became erratic. “Hell no!” he yelled, his blown wide eyes betraying his fear. Castiel did not know how to deal with the hunter in such a state, so he simply waited for him to calm and gather his mind. It was not a situation that demanded his immediate intervention, unlike a similar one that had happened earlier, and the hunter managed to control himself.
Dean linked their hands once more, intertwining their fingers together, and he pulled his beloved away from the incriminating car, feeling the classic signs of hunger start to become noticeable.
They had defeated Chuck and were finally able to live, and Dean wasn’t going to waste another minute of his newly found happiness without having his Angel by his side, if he could help it.
This, being behind the wheel of the Impala, he could handle. Step by step he might've also been able to grasp the full picture in front of him, but for now, he was content just being there.
And, whenever he needed to complain that his head was loud and chaotic, or that his sleep was getting erratic, or that he felt like shit, he could. He received no judgment, no backlash for feeling. And he also had a few people to talk to, unlike when he was younger.
Some of you might be wondering: ‘Sam, why didn’t you say anything outright?’
“What do you want me to do?”
Dean thought, taking a breath of relief at being able to convey his message. “Hell yeah!” he replied, putting his hands in his back pockets as another weight got lifted from his shoulders, “But I don’t think they’re on Earth, not right now at least. Probably up and downstairs, you know, in their places. I didn’t really ask!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean saw from the corner of his eye Claire’s screen light up and ping with a new notification a few miles away from the bunker.
“Because I was foolish and I had mistaken the stakes of my deal. I thought I had already reached my true happiness, I thought I had already found it in you. And I have. But then I realised that something was missing, from us. And because of that deal, once I found out what was missing… Because the one thing I still want, it's something I know I can't have now. But I think… I think I might, the moment is right.”
He had always thought, back in his youth, that he had only one father and that it was best to keep him in his life, no matter how much it hurt him to follow orders blindly. But, like Jack, he had more dads than most. And Bobby Singer was the best father he could have wished for, Dean had realised as he drew from his lessons to raise his own son.
to Heaven and Hell and just open a roadhouse like Ellen did. He dreamed of staying at the bunker and help the new generation of hunters, his work finally done. He dreamed of white picket fences and gardens and home-baked pies.
Baby was running smoothly over the pavement. With a Van Halen mixtape on the cassette player and one of his hands on the wheel, Dean felt at peace.
"Are you always this difficult with everyone or am I just special?" the hunter asked once he had restored his posture, wiping fake tears off of his eyes.
Yes, Castiel was sarcastic and witty and smart, but he was also an Angel of the Lord and Dean couldn’t decide if his thoughts were gay, blasphemous or both.
Still, neither moved.
Castiel’s heart constricted for his beloved, hating that his mind could create such poisonous soil for such dark and venomous thoughts to grow. He would have plucked every single weed out himself, if he only could, replacing them all with his love and admiration and devotion.
If he still wanted him, after everything that happened.
He knew that he should’ve said something, he was good at that even: he had always had a good word to comfort his little brother whenever he was scared, or upset, or whenever he was being bad on purpose, refusing to eat the food that Dean had worked hard to cook as best as he could in a crappy motel room without a stove.
He did not.
Regarding his surroundings, he exited his Baby, leaving her perfectly parked. The panic he felt when the angel zapped them away was something he didn't want to experience ever again.
Talk about good character development!
They were a great pair, he and Miracle, and he couldn’t stop marvelling at that knowledge. “This is way better than doing research with Sammy, but don’t you tell him!” he had told him sometime around dinner, when he was fixing him his bowl, thinking about what to make for himself. He spent some quality time staring at the semi-empty fridge, as if it would magically blurt out something other than leftover chicken and some beer.
He did sleep with a gun under his pillow every time he could afford himself the luxury of one, but he always put it in the back of his jeans in the morning, ready to leave in a rush at all times.
But perhaps Luck was by their side, for his Angel began to stir in his arms and to slowly open his deep blue eyes, unfazed by his audience. His gaze zeroed on Dean’ face, a soft smile appearing on his lips.
Which, to him, they might have been, at least initially. They were all created as his to mess around with, to control, to manipulate. And their initial free will had been pretend, fake, false and poisoned.
They got out of the bed at the same time, Miracle wiggling his tail and leading the way towards the kitchen.
“Yeah, and what if we can’t?” Dean asked, harshly removing his hand from where it was intertwined with Castiel’s and beginning to pace around the room, looking for any way out. Even though they both knew that there was no way out.
He was content, just being around him, but he always fucked it up somehow.
"Didn't think so" he said then, after having lost 10 years due to stress, "You though can see this as a date, if you want. A WORK DATE!" he said all too quickly, correcting his mistake with a non-threatening situation. "Yup, cause I'm totally straight as an arrow!"
They were trapped and they both knew it, but at least they were not alone.
Before, he had been stuck in his grief, too overwhelming to even fathom going on, moving, as he always tried to do. And now, he was petrified in his fears, all of them populating his head, yet somehow concrete, nevertheless.
He expected a simple text back, perhaps with the modified and perfectioned spell, but she decided to surprise them, directly teleporting herself in the middle of the main room, wards be damned, telling both of them how much damage could be done by their inexperienced hands in regard to such complex magic. Both Dean and Jack took their breathe of relief as she lifted the spell from their responsibility and they immediately began to gather all the ingredients she called for; a task much more doable for the two of them.
He fought to keep his eyes pried open, memorizing every single little feature off of Castiel’s rumpled state: his hair, always windswept and askew, was standing in all different positions, a few strands falling over his eyes, almost as if he had run his hand through them once; he had loosened his tie, which now hanged open from his neck, and unbuttoned the first two rows of his shirt, letting the collarbones shine through the little gap visible; jacket and trench coat were forgotten on a chair behind him and, without them, with his sleeves rolled up and the wild, frantic look in his eyes, Castiel looked more naked than he ever did.
“You know what? That’s on me for not specifying” he said, lowering his arms and pretending his thoughts were pure and straight. “ One of my old math teachers always commented on how if I didn’t put inches and what not in geometry class it could be apples and pears, so I should’ve known better.”
Again, unfortunately for Sam, the small sound was still audible and it drew the younger Winchester closer to the Impala, the floor echoing his cautious steps. Dean could imagine the scene: the room dimly lit, as per usual; the car in her usual spot, uncharacteristically with one of the doors open, a careless mistake that Dean would have never done to his Baby; his own duffle bag still laying on the floor, untouched, probably next to a belt, if Castiel’s throwing hadn’t been entirely mindless.
And, finally, he had Cas.
Enjoy and I apologise in advance.
“Hi yourself, did you miss me?” he asked, fully well knowing the answer already. He and Cas had called and texted each other every available moment, with Claire making fake gagging noises whenever they were ‘
of Castiel’s best friends. Happy now? I was also the true vessel of the Devil, who quite thankfully will remain in the Empty forever and will not bother me anymore. And I stopped several Apocalypses and World Ends, not to brag.
Clearing his throat, an action more for the sake of the hunter than his own necessity, he calmly explained, “I will erase this unpleasant situation from her mind, and she will be unharmed.”
But when Sam left for Stanford, Dean realized that it was all true. He was alone, had driven everyone away, and by now he knew better than to hope for someone to stick around and deal with his bullshit.
So, Dean allowed himself to cry, to rage, to despair. There was no one listening, no one to pray to. He was alone in the Universe, just him and his pain.
Well, the heart is both an organ and a muscle, since it is made of striated musculature that, unlike the other striated muscle, contracts without having the interaction with bone tissue. It’s thanks to its contractions that it manages to push the blood through the arteries and veins, to make sure it arrives in the little circulation with the lungs, getting oxygenated blood to go back into the heart and to then go the periphery of the body, and to ensure it works. The heart is divided into four chambers…
He stopped on his tracks. The demon was weakened by the formula and yelled at each word, but managed to utter pieces of sentences that Dean wanted only to forget in between breaths. He stared at her before the last row of words. Demons lie, that much he had always known from every piece of media and literature he had ever read, the lied and manipulated and deceived.
He hadn’t even realised he had crossed the state line, too focused on the way his heart was still beating too fast and not slowing down. He wasn’t seeing the streets and the road, only staring in front of him as if the gravel could give him an answer.
That was not a question, but the angel nodded along with it in reply regardless.
How many times had Dean driven around with that music in the background, jamming his fingers in time on the wheel? How many times had he listened to it, letting the tune bring him peace and calm, or just to hype himself up for a hunt?
Not exactly how he planned to spend his Monday, but it would definitely do.
But he couldn’t help himself as he kept on smiling, the feeling of Castiel’s lips on his still lingering.
And I will admit that I haven’t been this happy in a while. Not like today anyway, standing next to you on that altar, as you and Dean fucking Winchester got married!
, referring to the shoes that looked, indeed, rather uncomfortable for a job that mostly revolved around the actions of standing and walking, and "
i'm sorry for the delay, mental health's been shit and I've had uni exams so. sorry.
He had done it, on a whim. He was officially on the run, alone. He had done something he had always dreamt about, something that he knew he need to start living, instead of only surviving.
The premise was nice, though: spending eternity inside one’s favourite memories from their time on Earth, sharing them with their loved ones? Now, that was something Dean could get behind pretty easily.
“I do not wish to harm an innocent woman, Dean” he claimed, serious and lethal. It was almost like he had read his mind, which was a very likely possibility, Dean reminded himself, since the Angel actually could do it.
"Since you are conducting the vehicle, I would claim that it would be appropriate to leave you to choose the destination."
Still, Dean launched himself at them gladly, diving head-first into their yellowed pages. He had gathered in four trips to the main room every single text that looked suspicious, dumping them unceremoniously on the three tables without order or thought, just wanting to have them all in one room so he could freely jump from one to the other without moving too much. He would have had the entire day to sort them, after all.
, so they could get going.
Anyway, I’ve basically raised these two idjits and I tried to give them some normalcy and stability, and with how careless John was, it was a miracle they turned out right. Although, I can’t take full credit, nor anybody else can: it was all Dean. I’m just happy I could help them whenever I could and I’m damn proud of how my boys turned out.
It would’ve been hilarious, Dean had to give it to the Angel for that: he could already imagine the scene, Castiel flying back to Heaven or whatever headquarter complex Angels used, probably at the high top of some tall glass building in either New York or London, spinning the tale of the idiot hunter that thought he could save the damsel in distress.
And the more comfortable he became, the harder it was to ignore his feelings for the angel. He always had to remind himself of his inadequacies and of his many failures, conscious that he was nothing, but a speck of dust compared to Castiel, the Angel of the Lord, the angel of Thursday. It had been an honour, falling in love with him, being allowed to see his gaze and to reciprocate in his silence.
And I don’t know what else to tell you two, ‘cause I’ve told you everything! I always tell you everything! And I know that Pops’ working on emotions and ‘
after having defeated
He was about to retort back that he was, in fact, perfectly fine, when his stomach loudly spoke for him. There was no living that down now.
He clenched his jaw, tight enough to break it in half if needed. He welcomed this pain too. “Yeah, we do. We do, Sam. Lucifer killed her the moment he realized we trapped his ass. He killed her. You know he did.” He forced himself to say it, all of it. It had to be said, because otherwise it would’ve led to hope. And hope was the worst monster ever created. There was a reason why it was stuck at the bottom of Pandora’s box.
"It is not that easy, Dean.
He then proceeded to sprint out of his car, motioning to Cas to follow him as well and all but stormed into the little diner.
“It’s okay, it will be okay,” he uttered, mirroring Dean’s gesture and cradling the man closer, resting his forehead against the hunter’s and allowing himself to close his eyes, to relax in the arms of his beloved for the last time. “You will find a way to make this right, but first I need to buy you time.”
"Yes, madam."
But, still, he didn’t wake up.
Dean knew that he needed to keep focused on something, otherwise he would’ve exploded. And Sammy needed him all in one piece, especially with the kid around and extremely dangerous. He knew, deep down, that Castiel believed in him, that he was good and not at all like his biological father. But he didn’t care, not anymore, not when his world had fallen and had broken in tiny splinters that made his heart ache with every breath.
" he then added as the angel looked puzzledly all around them and smiled at the approaching waitress.
“You hungry?” he asked directly to his snout, ruffling his fur with both of his hands for good measure.
But memories were there to be buried and forgotten, maybe to raise up at the end of bottles after some morose drinking, but he was a hunter and he could not live in the past. He had to move, quickly.
When he moved out of his hideout, the girl started smiling viciously.
When Castiel took my father as a vessel, my world crumbled down, quite literally. We were a normal, nice, little family that lived in the suburbs. Nothing special, mom took care of me, dad was an accountant. A regular one, not ‘
NO, GABRIEL! DON’T YOU TELL ANYONE WHAT THAT MEANS, OR I SWEAR I’LL SEND YOU BACK INTO THE EMPTY!
Don’t worry, Bobby Dearest, this is going to be extremely quick due to the fact that the lovely Darkness Amara, the exquisite Benjamin Lafitte and yours truly were entertaining themselves in a game of “
Castiel remembered rather vividly the time when he and his siblings actually helped the humans, his Father’s most prized creation: it used to be a common thing, giving those tiny ants a push in the right direction to find food or the cure for a pious man that prayed, even if to the wrong entity, for his dark and taxing fever to stop.
There was no happy singing there, Heaven was just made of plain white walls with plain white doors, all in an endless maze of souls. It was ruled by asshole bureaucrats who didn’t care about the humans. They just had a job to do and would do it mindlessly, uncaring if they casually switched to the wrong side, as long as they hit their goals.
It wasn’t until the footsteps halted, a noise so clean and sharp in the otherwise emptiness of the bunker, that he realised his face was on fire, except for two streaks that ran from his eyes to his chin, parallel and perfectly cutting down both of his cheeks.
That had been his only pressing thought since they got back. Because now, Castiel most definitely hated him and saw him for who he truly was, the veil that seemed to have been blinding him lifted at last. In his last moments, the former angel had made him feel seen, understood, known, but he had been mistaken: Dean was nothing more than a pathetic man who could only follow orders, nothing compared to the blinding light that was his Angel, even if he couldn’t lay a claim or call him
And so he did, he began to punch the ugly sign on the door, uncaring if the wood splintered his skin and bloodied his knuckles.
’ and
He turned his head as much as he could, his feet still locked in place, unmoving, able to see Cas’ face all around him as the Shadow just laughed from their throne, undoubtedly enjoying his spectacle of pain and regret. “You should see his memories, all the times he thought you didn’t love him. Oh, just how perfect it was! It’s a shame that angels and demons don’t relieve their lives when they’re here, asleep, I’d have so much to torture him with!”
It wasn’t until Cas’ hands had completely detached Dean’s belt, slowly and lazily removing it from the belt loops of his jeans and throwing it somewhere behind him through the open car door, that both realised there were footsteps coming closer.
"Pardon me?"
Sighing, he began to imitate the hunter's stance and gazed outside off the window next to him. "What would you like to know?" he asked.
They had discovered, straight after rescuing Cas from the Empty, that neither could fathom not touching the other for long periods.
Somehow, in his endless and mindless roaming, his feet had dragged him there. In 7B. In the same room he had avoided like the plague.
That was not something he could’ve said, not to anyone. Hell, not even to himself.
No one cared if he crashed into a tree, lost consciousness and burned down in the driver’s seat, but someone would care if he ruined the paint job on their own cars ‘cause they parked too close to said fucking tree and a branch might have fallen off, smashing the window, amongst the list of damage he’d cause. They would care then. About the car, not about him.
Now, back to the topic. I promised that this was going to be quick and I shall deliver. Besides, I do have a game I am on the way to win!
Never underestimate Cas’ ability to make someone want to dig their own grave.
Again that head tilt. Dean’s brain was short-cut, again.
Sober Dean, in full brain capacity and full-on pretending like he was not attracted to every pretty girl
He was holding himself up straight only because Cas would’ve wanted him to. Even if all he could think about was to curl up and disappear, leaving the world behind in his grief, he knew he couldn’t. He had work to do.
Despite having a different version on Earth, Dean couldn’t help himself but miss the old and grumpy man that had raised him. Bobby Singer had taught him how to be a boy before he was a soldier, how to be a man before he was a weapon. He was the one that bothered to learn his comfort foods and that took him to play games and to doctor check-ups, when John left him and Sammy at his place for days or weeks or months.
It would have been extremely hard to explain why he would always blush and get embarrassed whenever Terence Hill would come on screen, with his piercing blue eyes, his deep low voice and his stoic attitude. Sam already liked to crack jokes about it since they were children, telling him how he might have a crush on all the cowboys to tease him, and Dean had always tried to ignore the comments, replying that he liked the action and the girls.
He quietly shook him, conscious that he was not asleep yet, but trying not to startle him. Perhaps the alcohol had finally taken hold of him, he thought as he saw him move instantly, his cheeks heating up, visible even in the semi-darkness.
Sometimes, when a hunt was too hard or the wind was too strong during a storm, he'd curl around himself, his brother fast asleep in the other crappy model bed they had this month, and he'd whisper words he heard a long time before, from old women with thick accents once in New York when his father had sent him into a church to gather information, even though he was only seven and did not understand what he was doing. While he waited for his turn to speak with the priest and ask the two questions his father had carefully written in a piece of paper in case Dean forgot them, he sat next to one of these women, who were chanting together holding a rosemary in their hands in the same way he would've hold a knife. She was kind and gave him candy and he listened carefully and memorized the words she was uttering. After he was done with the questions, before leaving the church and getting into his father's impala, he waved her goodbye and she gave him another candy, calling him a good and nice boy.
And if no human could tolerate him, why would a freaking Angel? Dean was only setting himself up for hurt in this hunt, he should’ve just had that memory wipe Castiel almost gave him in the morning. He was definitely going to let him down, only now he’d have to relieve all the memory and pain.
“Fine!” both kids yelled, disappearing down the long line of hallways that connected the rooms of the bunker, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the garage.
Nobody would notice if he disappeared, he reasoned as he sped up on dark roads, without a single destination in mind that wasn’t simply
Cas smiled at him, as if he couldn’t believe either that those words were true. He closed his eyes and rested his forehead over Dean’s gently, sighing contently.
But, still, sometimes driving helped him get into his headspace and work things out. The road had been his home for so long, it was comforting to just drive without having a destination or a hit list.
" he was well versed in the subject; plus the hot chick he'd do the project with seemed into him, for reasons unknown to Dean, so it couldn't have been all that bad.
If these last two chapters (7 and 8) come, like, out of the blue, that’s because this is a mentally ill brain with depression and anxiety and self-worth issues the size of Ba Sing Se. So, of course, this brain would only see the bad and not the happy. ANd I am taking entirely from my own history with mental illness, so don't come at me saying this doesn't apply to you. It has been incredibly hard for me to write these two chapters for obvious reasons, plus the entire holiday craziness around Christmas and new year.
Dean wasn’t usually that easy to impress and distract, especially not when he was focused on a hunt, yet it took him several minutes to recompose after he saw the slender fingers pull at that atrocious looking tie. He still kept on the trenchcoated, for reasons unknown to Dean but that made him thank whoever was listening nevertheless: without the trench Castiel would basically be naked, and they only had 19 hours to go now and they needed all the time they had.
Dean Winchester, the human representation of a walking anxiety induced panic attack, had not dwelled into the decision to have his Angel back, rushing for a solution. Only to be the problem himself.
The only person that had put up with his bullshit, no matter how stubborn or hard-ass he became, was gone and he wasn’t coming back.
, hiding all the snacks before movie nights and driving around town when neither could sleep, plus countless other things that they kept in between the two of them, bickering and laughing at inside jokes.
,” he always replied briskly whenever Dean asked and, with time, he learnt that it was better to keep quiet on the subject. He’d had to take care of two instead of his usual one, after all.
He felt the Hunter’s lips slowly break out in a grin as he decided to move his hands, placing them on Dean’s shoulder for better leverage. He slightly grabbed the fabric of his shirt, instinctively drawing the body closer. Somewhere in him, a tiny voice was screaming at him to get as close as possible.
They got into Baby together, Castiel shotgun as always, as Dean marvelled at the way the steering wheel still felt under his hands. She still had all the bumps in the right places and, when he started her, she purred to life like she always did on Earth. Paradise indeed, he thought with joy.
Thank you, thank you, there is no need for a standing ovation, although I deserve it!
"You don't say!" sarcastically snapped back the hunter. "From now on, we're either driving around in my car or we're walking. No more of that freaky mojo shit."
“Yes, and they will not wake up for a very long time. What else?” Cas began thinking, racking through his mind to find any missing piece of information. That gave Dean the perfect opportunity to just gaze upon him, marvelling at his beauty. The light was both reflecting from his jaw and emanating from him, his grace pure and whole again. He wondered, not for the first time, if he was going to be able to see his wings, finally. He had dreamed of them a lot during their life together on Earth, sometimes picturing them pitch black, beautiful and majestic, other times imagining them to be prismatic, a rainbow of colour that shone light to the world, just like he had been told his aura was. Either way, he was buzzing to finally be able to see them, to finally be able to see him in his entire glory.
, and he wasn’t ashamed anymore of who he truly was. Sure, Sammy told him to tone it down with the puns and to cool down the whole ‘
But he managed to redeem himself pretty soon afterwards and there was no hard feelings nor bad blood.
He needed to know but couldn’t bring himself to ask directly. This was Heaven and yet he was still scared.
He looked at his unusual companion, wondering what might have moved him to scream that sentence.
Again with the head tilt. "Nothing. Don't worry about it. Now, wanna head back to the motel so I can show you my perfect and accurate and awesome research?" He said while emphatically wiggling his brows.
“Why didn’t you ask?” Sam exploded, looking down at him as if he had grown a second and third head on his shoulders. As if he needed the extra weight. “This is major news, Dean!”
He was petrified at the thought that Castiel might hate him, for what he had done.
"Something that I'll kill," he claimed with fake confidence. He had an abundance of that, after all.
Depeche Mode has a song called Death's door, which is very fitting for this!
He was passing corners and buildings, mindlessly driving in the general direction of the motel, careful of his surroundings, but still carefree and joyful. He couldn’t shake the feeling that whoever was up there had planned their meeting, because it just felt right, talking with Castiel.
He did not know what made him agree. Perhaps it was the desperation or the hope he could read on the hunter’s face, perhaps it was his own want to preserve an innocent human being, perhaps it was simple foolishness. Yet, he was sure he meant his words when he agreed with the hunter.
Somehow, despite his ability of healing without touch, he was compelled to rest his hand on the hunter’s forehead, savouring the warmth of his skin under his palm. In a couple of seconds, colour rushed back into his face and all vitals returned to normality.
But he had to.
He had been in his mind, more times that he thought it was acceptable: it was a fragile balance, the one inside Dean Winchester’s brain, between restlessness and peace. During the short time they had spent together, Castiel had learned that the anxiety inside him was higher than normal, and, in a few cases, it had caused the hunter to spiral and panic.
, they both were much more invigorated and willing to focus for hours on end on the tiny, printed texts.
Not that Dean minded, he loved having his hands all over Cas.
"Hell yeah it is!" He yelled, getting in a defensive stance, "Pie's the most important thing in my life after my little brother Sammy!"
Dean was already moving to grab his jacket from a nearby chair, where he had left it before starting the rite to get into the Empty, but Eileen stopped him, placing a hand over his own and squeezing once, tight. “I’ll go with you too,” she said, looking Dean in the eye with overwhelming understanding and affection.
Dean could only nod yes. He tried to counteract, but his lips were literally sealed with some kind of weird angelic magic.
. Besides, my classmates found that particularly amusing!
Is anybody going to take this microphone and give an impromptu speech? No? You buffoons, I have not been to many weddings… Or, at least I have not been
By the way, Dean, I knew you were a womaniser, so I thought that was why you managed to flirt with that guy for Charlie. Plus, you always flirt with servers and waiters to get a discount, no matter the gender. You’re cheap man, really cheap, and somehow you wear it like a badge of honour.
He expected to be greeted by someone or something. He had died enough times to know how this worked. He had gone through the system a lot during the years and never once did they skip this passage.
"I asked you if you studied the English language excessively, but I assume from your constant use off cursing that you prefer a more direct approach." Amusement sparked in those blue pools as anger coursed through his own veins.
And, with that daydream keeping him company, Dean immediately dug into the books voraciously, categorising them and taking notes of everything that was remotely useful in his quest, taking short breaks whenever he finished one to purposefully pet and cuddle Miracle to his heart’s content.
Castiel pauses, midway through wrapping a long white bandage around Dean's wrist.
“I don’t,” he tells Cas, and has to pause to take a breath, take hold of all the courage he has left, “I don’t want a story without you in it.”
“You were good at that,” Dean says quietly to Sam, after the last of the fey leaves, the door good as new in their wake. Eileen and Cas are up on the landing, double-checking that all the warding is intact, Jack looking intently over their shoulders.
Fuck. Dean hadn’t meant to say it. Hadn’t meant to let it slip out. He swallows, tries to stammer through a recovery. “I—we need your help. Sam—there’s some hikers who got hurt, he's trying to get them to the road. Will you—will you help?” He fights to keep the note of pleading out of his voice. He doesn’t want Cas to go. God help him, he knows Cas was never his to begin with and certainly isn’t now, but he doesn’t want Cas to go.
, Dean thinks.
Dean shrugs again. "S'not a big deal. It'll heal the regular way." He drops the container, mostly empty now, back on the nightstand and starts wriggling down under the bedcovers. "I'm so
, says a voice inside his head.
of Cas.
"Just nice," he clarifies, dropping his eyes and studying his knuckles. "After six months of...pretty close to hell, it's nice just being safe with you, alright? 'm not in a hurry to leave, is all."
"Was it my name?" Dean says cheekily, and then pulls Cas back down for another kiss, to show he doesn't need the answer. But Cas resists unexpectedly, bracing his palms against the ground on either side of Dean's head and staring down with those piercing, brilliantly blue eyes. Like he's looking at Dean's soul,
"Put that down," says the vampire dismissively. He lifts his hand, fingers poised. "Those flames? Greek fire. Marvelous stuff, water-resistant by the way—and this is my own special recipe. I snap my fingers, it closes in and burns your little sexual awakening to a crisp. It's not
that it finishes, and for that we need him to remain
There are hands on him, tugging his head to the side. Someone is ordering him to hold on.
ending."
It comes as a coaxing hiss. He has ears, he supposes, if he's hearing it. A skull for its sibilant whisper to echo off of.
"You felt that?" says Castiel, surprised. He wonders what it felt like for Dean, human as he is.
"In a minute. Don't deflect. You are beautiful and I'll keep telling you that until you listen."
"He found me once," Dean whispers, straining away as Corin twists one hand into his hair.
"Dunno where we were. It was a couple months in and they got careless. They were keeping me tied up—I slipped the ropes and made it half a mile down the road before they..." He stops, grimaces, his features semi-indistinct in the dark. "That's when they started chaining me instead, and they...they..." He gestures at his eyes.
"And who would those be?” Chuck sneers. But he looks uncertain, suddenly.
Dean rips his eyes away from the spot where Chuck—where
Jack folds forward into Sam, like a plant that can't hold itself upright any longer.
"You didn't want to make me uncomfortable," Dean echoes, feeling a little hysterical.
"I'm right here," says Cas quickly. He reaches out and catches Dean's wrist. Dean twists like a wild animal, blank-eyed and frantic, his soul reeking of fear and pain.
"Castiel," Jody clarifies, unnecessarily.
"Oh," it purrs. "So it's you."
Cas stills.
Michael billows and burns, blue-white and glorious, coiling himself in the air above, readying to accept his Sword.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Yeah, Cas, I don't think—"
"Yeah," says Dean. "Yeah, hey, Cas. Hey."
Dean gets his legs under him, takes two staggering steps, collapses down to his hands and knees, tries to rise again and fails. Miraculously, he avoids the furniture as he drags himself towards the door. When Castiel reaches him, he fights like a wild thing, lands weak little blows on Castiel's arms and face.
“I’ll find them,” Cas assures him. A shaft of the afternoon sunlight glances over his ring, makes it flash like a dewdrop of white fire. Dean drops his eyes. Suddenly he can’t bear it—the thought that Cas will find Sam and heal the campers and then vanish off to Death’s—
. Castiel tips his head back, exposing the lovely clean line of his throat, and groans. Dean rocks his hips gently, then harder. Castiel groans again, softer, and his hand flits up to lightly cup Dean's chin.
—Jesus, there has to be a little bit of angel still in Cas, because that’s the only thing that would explain how freakishly strong he still is—lifts Dean effortlessly onto the edge of the table.
“How much longer till...wherever we’re heading?” says Sam. He chugs some water, the bottle tiny in his giant hand.
"Those are sigils," Castiel says slowly.
“I’m worried,” says Jack slowly, “that you’ll look at me, and all you’ll see is—”
saying,” says Eileen, with equal testiness, “that it’s bad luck to place the tree at that angle to the door, we should put it over there instead—”
He shuffles awkwardly in place, aware that he's standing in a muddy puddle that's slowly seeping into his boots.
, and I—but I would've said it, I swear to you, I would've said it back. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry you died thinking you couldn't have—that I didn't—I just. I wanted to say it."
Dean points. "Uh."
"We didn't give up on you," says Castiel. "I was afraid—that you
There's a long moment during which Cas doesn't say anything, and then he gives a quick, jerky nod. His chin drops almost to his chest, his fingers tightening on Dean's arms, and his wings curve around towards Dean like the dark, graceful limbs of some feathered tree.
Castiel flips the blade around in his hand and offers it to Dean, haft-first. "One line should do it. To break the pattern."
"Where—"
"I love you," says Dean, and he feels his heart squeeze painfully at the words, because he's afraid. "Cas, I've loved you for such a goddamn long time. I was just scared. Still am." God, he's so scared. He's scared of Cas, and scared of himself, and scared at how immense the wanting inside him feels. He's scared of a future in which he fucks everything up, ruins Cas the way he ruins everything. In which he tries to have something he's never deserved. But for once, he's more scared of not trying. He's more scared of not having Cas at all.
“Of course it’s okay,” says Sam, looking startled. “But—are you sure? Don’t you...I don’t know, are there, um, Darkness things you have to do?”
Sam laughs quietly. He pulls back, smiles at Dean. His face is streaked with tears. "I'm gonna...I'm gonna go to bed, are you gonna be alright?"
crying."
It's the street corner he’d seen glimpses of, at the edge of the highway, and then again in that motel hallway—the liminal space, Michael had called it. The spot where they first tried to offer Chuck their surrender. A cool breeze raises goosebumps on his arms; streetlights flicker behind Chuck, backlighting his thunderous expression. Dean sags against the Impala. The hood is still warm against the back of his legs.
“This is not up for discussion!” Dean grits. Another image flashes unbidden through his mind—Sam on his knees, the leviathan rearing back its gaping jaw. Sam with his throat ripped out, his eyes sightlessly turned up to the pale sky.
He strains in the darkness now, searching for whatever flicker of Dean had made contact with his grace during the whirl of combat. He tells himself that he had to have been mistaken, somehow. It's been six months since Dean disappeared, vanished without a trace on a routine hunt in Louisiana. Six months of fruitless searching, six months since Castiel saw Sam smile, or saw the younger Winchester with anything other than grim focus carved on his face. Three months since Sam locked up the Bunker and drove the Impala at the horizon without so much as a backwards glance at Castiel. Five weeks since Sam stopped answering Castiel's calls altogether.
"I have to go out," he tells Dean.
, it reads.
"I..." says Cas. "Can I...if you..." He closes his eyes, breathes slowly and shakily even though angels aren't supposed to need to breathe. Opens them again. "Will...you have me, Dean?"
“Wha…” Dean groans, cracking his eyes open. He feels a faint draft playing over his face, though the room's heater has been quiet.
"Are you," Dean swallows. "Are you gonna look?"
(Which is how Dean ends up chasing Cas around the kitchen, hurling handfuls of flour at him and trying to grab the cookie dough bowl back before Cas can get it to the sink.)
that.”
Castiel stares, speechless.
"He'll be there," Dean cuts him off. "Jack dropped everybody back exactly where they were, Cas'll be at the Bunker."
Dean's mouth is hanging open. Castiel wants to kiss it, so he does. Internally, he marvels that he can kiss Dean's mouth simply because he wants to,
know, you don't know how I—"
"Take the cuffs off," Castiel demands. If his grace is freed, he can pull the wings back into the etheric plane, release the physical manifestation of them. It'll make them hurt a great deal less, and—and more importantly, Dean won't be able to see them any longer. "Get them
it. He can't—not knowing that Sam knows—that Sam
“Thank you,” says Cas.
"You know I don't think that, Cas."
heat, and all the while Castiel's grip is like iron on Dean's hips, pulling him, holding him. Dean grinds down and Castiel hisses into Dean's open mouth and drives his hips up, lifting—
“...kill God? Yeah, looks like.”
Sam goes to kneel by Cas's head, murmuring something in Cas's ear. Dean frantically watches Cas's chest, searching for the telltale rise and fall of breath, but there's nothing, and maybe Dean was wrong, maybe Cas didn't have enough grace, maybe Dean did too much, cut too deep.
. He wants to say,
"Dean, I'm here." Castiel slowly lifts his hands away from Dean's ears. "You're safe. I'm going to fix your eyes now."
Cas laughs, low and warm in the base of his chest, and god, Dean thinks, if he could only take that sound and wrap it himself in it, wear it around his neck like a talisman.
"Lord Asmodeus wants us for other business," Raz tells Castiel. "So we won't see you tomorrow. But we don't want you forgetting us while we're gone, yeah?" Castiel barely registers his words. The demons' voices are faint, tinny, filtered through a miasma of pain. The Kaustos polyp is still moving, back and forth across his ribs, leaving that trail of corroding slime, eating away at him.
!" Dean snarls. Sam stares at him, startled.
Dean laughs, the sound warm and rich and genuine in the darkness. "I'm here."
Dean looks at Castiel for a minute, his eyes very wide, and then his shoulders drop a little. The choppy sea of his emotions calms slightly. "No.
Castiel doesn't bother to correct Raz, tell him it was a being much older than God that sent him back to Earth. Besides, the Empty was hardly more indifferent than his father. His Father, who walked and fought side by side with Lucifer but had not a word to say to Castiel, who healed his favorite son after Amara's torments but didn't spare a second glance at the one who was broken beyond repair.
Cas, as it turns out, has bought everyone socks. He makes a circuit of the room, handing out lumpy hosiery with giant balls of knitted footwear shoved into the toes.
“Merry Christmas, Cas.”
"Dean, that dream..."
"I don't just mean this time," Dean whispers. He can barely hear himself. "I mean every time. Every time you left. Every time I pushed you away. Every time you were missing. Every time you died."
"You will run this rat maze over and over again," Chuck is hissing, "until your brains are slush and you're clawing each other's throats out because you can't stand the monotony."
Cas hauls Dean to his feet, and then Cas's fingers are out of Dean's mouth, and Cas's hand is on Dean's bare chest, pushing him back onto the hood of the Impala.
Cherry stops. She turns to Castiel again, this time with a look of exasperation. "You made it sound like he'd be a lot more enthusiastic," she says, testy. "Oh, god. Is he a virgin?"
God, all those years he spent stealing tiny moments, little glances, small touches and brushes, because he'd decided that was all he was going to allow himself. It all seems so stupid, now. Because now it might be too late and he can't keep his hands
." It tears his insides open on the way up. Flays him raw.
"I'm not sorry," says Cas, abruptly, into the silence and the darkness of the abyss. He turns the dark blue of his eyes on Dean. "I have regrets about so much. But I'm not sorry to have loved him."
Dean yawns and settles into the passenger seat, enjoying the breeze that plays lightly over his face. It's a little chilly and he reaches over to turn up the heat. “I dunno, like two days if we make decent time. Wake me up when you get tired.”
"Yeah," says Dean. "But—that's not what we do. That's not who we are."
Castiel shakes his head mutely, in denial. Raz ignores him. "End of the day, though, I don't give a fuck about the stories," he muses. "Getting to work a little magic on these gorgeous—well, I assume they
of them? Did we just fucking
Dean bows his head. He's still crouched over Cas, their faces inches apart. His arms are shaking—no, his whole body is shaking. "You said you knew you couldn't have it, the one thing, but you never asked. You never
"Doesn't that bother you? Knowing that you'll never—know who you were—" Sam gestures aimlessly. "—meant to be with?"
"That was me," says Dean, and Castiel goes still as the import of that comes crashing down on him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas sulks while Dean disentangles himself and takes the pie out, and then sulks some more when he burns his tongue trying to taste the bubbling caramel oozing out from under the hot crust. Dean plants a kiss on the top of his head and shoos him away—he needs to set up the meat thermometer for the roast and Cas’s scowl is entirely too distracting.
There's a soft rustle, the breeze displaced by another body.
"That's...not possible," says Chuck. "You can't...this can't happen."
Sam and Dean gape at her.
Dean looks at Castiel over the top of the gun, his eyes wild. Castiel curls his fingers into fists. If he thought the gun would do anything, he'd tell Dean to pull the damn trigger, but it's not loaded with witch-killing bullets.
Sam swallows; the corner of his mouth trembles. “Dean...I don’t think...I don’t think we talked to
Dean's expression is an odd mixture of frustration and hurt. "It's fucking pouring."
"Cherry," she tosses over her shoulder, a fake name likely as not, and doesn't ask for his in return.
"Hon, relax." She shrugs out of her jacket, heads directly for Dean, heated interest very evident in her gaze. "I'm here for
Shiv doesn't reply at first. She stares, instead, at Castiel's wings, her expression pinching with unease. He pulls his knees up to his chest, torn between his instinct to shield himself using his wings and his desire to shield the
fine. He thinks he can hear his own pulse rocketing through his brain. He might pass out. He might honest-to-God pass out in this doorway, right now.
“Well,” Dean says. “Hopefully Baby got zapped here too. What are we waiting for?”
. For a moment the sheer fucking impact of it—the knowledge that they
, he thinks. His eyes sting.)
, he thinks. And Cas—
"Who? Cas?" says Sam skeptically, in the ensuing silence. His face drains of color. "Oh my god,
“—can’t believe we fell for
“Since when do you need coffee?”
it is new. He cocks a brazen eyebrow at Cas. Thinks to himself that all his bravado is probably wasted since Cas can probably hear and feel his fluttering pulse. “You’ll stay for the ride? Write yourself into my book?”
Sam shrugs helplessly. “Guess we—pick a door and go through it?”
"You too," Dean says, fumbling with the buttons on Castiel's shirt. He takes a little too long with the first one, biting down on his lower lip in increasing frustration, and Castiel tips his head.
There's a tentative knock at the door. Castiel lifts his head, puzzled.
"Great timing, Sam," says Dean in disgust, staring at the body. He's holding Castiel's left hand now, his thumb running gentle circles against the skin of it, almost unconsciously. "Why the hell'd you drag it over here for?"
He fumbles, not at a loss for words but instead overwhelmed by them, frantically sifting through the torrent for something that isn't too
"You're here," Dean mutters.
Castiel flinches inwardly at the reminder, but irritation flares unexpectedly, eclipsing his guilt for once. He is good for more than healing. He is not just a reservoir of grace to Dean. "Dean, why didn't you
“Ass,” says Dean. He tucks the mistletoe behind Cas’s ear.
, Dean thinks, and his throat closes up even as he feels a scream building inside him.
, Dean thinks. He reaches out for one of the coils, praying it isn't coated in fucking acid or something, and wraps right hand around it.
are you talking about."
There's a beat of silence. Sam looks down, hesitates. "I think about...everything that I've done, and I...I think part of me will always—feel like I'm unclean, y'know?"
“You were talking in your sleep,” says Sam, his giant forehead glowing in the lamplight like a beacon. “Bad dream?”
Castiel lifts his head up from the pillow and kisses Dean's fingertips. "Don't you have a dare to go brag about downstairs?"
"And Dean? You'll be the one who has to enter." Jack surveys him. "I won't pretend it's safe, or a guarantee."
Castiel steps carefully out of the bathroom, moving through the darkness to the bed. He stoops to lower Dean to the mattress and realizes that the towel is very much absent in this exchange. He tenses immediately, his arms locking up as he realizes how much of Dean's bare skin is pressed against him.
"Normal?" says Castiel incredulously.
Cas creases his eyebrows together. “I hope it’s a while before the next time. Seeing you so injured—not knowing yet whether I would be able to heal you—”
Dean kisses like a storm, like something angry and desperate and only half-planned. Dean kisses with his entire heart and body and soul, fire-bright and hungry. Dean kisses the fear right out of Castiel's head and for one long and radiant second it is only the two of them, tangled together in this room, and Castiel thinks surely the world must go on like this forever, surely this cannot end here, now, after this—
Dean hits the ground and he rolls, fluid despite the ache from old wounds, the stiffness from aging joints. He comes up on the balls of his feet and spins back around, just as the black portal in the wall foments and surges and shoots out two metallic tendrils of itself.
"Sorry," says the man apologetically. He isn't holding his crossword now, of course, but his clothes are the same, albeit a bit more rumpled. His mouth tugs up in a rueful smile, half-embarrassed, half-amused. "I think you may have wound up with something of mine?"
"Faster," Castiel says, even as he slows his own pace.
Castiel hasn't moved. His
take the time to split hairs, even in a fucking hallucination. "But Dean, this is real, I promise you."
? How could you think that I didn't feel the same goddamn way about you?"
, he repeats to himself, feeling the manic desire to laugh out of sheer relief. The world swims in and out of focus. Asphalt scrapes under his palms—he's writhing on the ground, he realizes, as the agony of the fire makes his limbs jerk like an insect's. Dean's hands are on his face. Dean is safe. Dean is beating frantically at the curling green flame at the hem of Castiel's coat, at the fire starting to flicker around Castiel's edges, lapping at his chest, his shoulders. Castiel wants to tell him not to bother, that the real damage is being done invisibly, on another plane altogether, but speaking seems like too much of an effort. Dean is screaming. Dean is
"Good one," sneers Chuck. "Rowena? Really? You thought that was it? You thought some witch from the Middle Ages had the chops to write
“Might need a lift back to the trail,” he manages. “After you help Sam—”
"I know," says Castiel. He knows, he knows. He wasn't made for Heaven; he was made for this. He wants to fall and fall again, until there is nothing he knows so well as the man underneath him. "I love you, too."
"Impossible like me sensing your soul even with those sigils carved into you?" Castiel says quietly. "Impossible like you feeling what I felt when we were together that night?"
"It was," Gadreel insists. He looks away again, out over the sea. "And then you discerned my presence in your mind—something I hadn't thought possible—and you saw, at once, who
, we could've—we could've—and maybe it wouldn't have worked but we would have
Jack smiles a little, an expression so full of childlike pleasure that Dean thinks it’d be easy to forget he’s looking at one-half of the beings that power the literal universe.
Dean opens his mouth around Castiel's thumb, closes his lips around the first joint. He looks up through lashes painted gold by the lamp behind them, and heat suffuses Castiel, beyond what he can attribute to Dean's body. He pulls his hands back, reaches down to slot them behind Dean's thighs.
dropping the boxers, but they're certainly no longer in his hand. Before he quite realizes what's happening, his feet are carrying him back towards the bedside. Castiel doesn't move—keeps his hands behind his head and his closed eyes pointed directly at the ceiling.
"Dean," says Cas softly from beneath him. "You have to let me go."
Dean’s seen this movie about a million times, which is his excuse for drowsing through the latter half of it. Jack’s already conked out in the armchair, his fifth cup of cocoa tipping perilously in his lap.
Castiel looks at the verdant ring surrounding him, at the fire's slow dance. The tactical part of his mind is spinning rapidly, calculating timing and weighing odds and making guesses, all in service to the directive the rest of his mind is screaming, a ghost echo of the order he received from Heaven all those years ago, on the day the angels launched their foray into Hell.
There's a blaze of gold light, burning away everything it touches.
Sam’s right, Dean realizes. He rakes his fingers through his hair, blinks away a blurry film of bewildered tears. He hadn’t
Dean barely manages to roll onto his side before he’s retching emptily, his lungs seizing up as his whole body contracts around the shudder in his chest.
. A voice, calm, familiar. Not Cas's. Not Sam's either. He can't tell if he's hearing it out loud or in his head. Warmth expands suddenly in his chest—power channeled into his body by an endless river.
Dean laughs. It wells up in his throat like a river, warm and sweet and sudden, and he pulls Cas toward him and laughs and laughs.
“I told you how I felt,” Dean whispers, an echo of Cas’s words a moment before. He blinks a tear loose from his lashes, feels it score down his cheek like a tiny liquid blade. “If you knew, then why didn’t you say anything.”
"Fine," says Dean automatically. He almost laughs. He's hilariously
The actual thing is not slow, and it's not careful. It's fire and heat and desperation, spilling out from his lungs in a rush of breath as he drags his teeth over Cas's lower lip, slots their mouths together, curls his fingers deeper into Cas's hair.
He bows his head, hunches over until his forehead is pressed against Cas's. Cas still feels warm to the touch. Like he's just sleeping. Like he could wake at any moment.
Cas reacts immediately, one hand twisting into the front of Dean's jacket as he kisses back, his tongue bumping Dean's as he opens his mouth into the kiss, his palm warm and insistent against Dean's jawline.
The Empty shakes him by his hair, so that his teeth rattle together. "The two of you," it hisses, "are
"Good," Cas hums, still braced above him, and he sounds a little wrecked, himself. "You—" He kisses Dean's temple, the corner of Dean's eye. "—so good, Dean."
"Come on, buddy," Dean mutters. He clenches his fists. Greenish smoke rises from the mouth of the trash can. "Cas, please."
Where he pulls up short. Because Cas is...there. In the fucking kitchen like it’s any old pre-apocalypse day. Leaning against the counter in the same dark jeans and plain v-neck he’d worn the night he killed Chuck, sipping what smells like burnt coffee out of Dean’s favorite Star Wars mug.
“Fraid so,” says Chuck, and smiles a terrible, pleasant smile. “Things have been different, ever since the Empty woke up. New rules. New preventative measures. I can’t go plucking things out of the old void warehouse like I used to. Can’t even
Dean waits.
Castiel makes a decision; he laces his fingers through Dean's, pulls Dean's hand up to settle it against the curve of his wing.
"Okay," says Sam slowly. "So...what are we going to do?"
"You—you—"
is. Speaking of which, where is he?”
Castiel sighs and retreats to the desk chair by the window. Ignoring Dean's directive, he watches Dean's shoulder rising and falling to the rhythm of his shaky breaths as they ease into the slower cadence of sleep. It occurs to him that some stores might be opening soon; he could leave and purchase clothes for Dean, along with more food. But he thinks of Dean waking up alone again, disoriented and unsure.
wanted—that you
Dean presses the heels of his hands against his eyes. “Something’s wrong,” he grits out. There’s
Somehow his hands are curled in the fabric of Sam's shirt. Somehow Sam is holding him up.
Castiel looks suspiciously at Raz, waiting for some catch, some even worse torment. But the demon says nothing, seemingly intent on his work, scooping up more of the salve with his fingers and spreading it over Castiel's skin.
"What?" says Sam, staring at Dean. "What is it?"
you," he breathes.
"How deep we are—" Dean stumbles, eyes drawn to the streetlight over Sam's shoulder. "How deep—"
Castiel is still leaning down over Dean, and he is suddenly aware of how close they are: he can count the lashes through which Dean is peering up at him, pinpoint the few faded freckles that remain scattered across Dean's cheekbones. Dean's pulse spikes and Castiel can hear the burgeoning staccato of it, can sense Dean's soul unfurling cobalt-blue, a swell of color that even the strange muting force between them can't completely hide. Their clasped hands hover in the air, six inches over Dean's bare chest.
"Sam is a very capable hunter and is certainly managing just fine,” Cas grumbles, but he reluctantly moves his hands down to Dean’s elbows and stands, pulling Dean up with him. They rock against each other for a moment, toe to toe, close enough to put their arms around each other. Dean can hear birdsong from the trees at the top of the cliff. The sunlight limns the edges of Cas’s hair like a halo.
Dean mimes zipping his mouth closed, but Sam isn't looking—he's bending over the knife, his lips moving in the syllables of a language Dean can't identify, his jaw knotting with effort. There's a low ripple of power that races around the room like a trapped wind, a glimmer of bright color in Sam's eyes that could be just a trick of the light. Dean wonders, not for the first time and not, he suspects, for the last, how much of that power is coming from the invocation of the spell and how much is coming from Sam himself.
“Still my name,” says Benny.
"I just wanted you to know," says Castiel. "What my feelings are."
Cherry side-eyes him as she unlocks her car door. "I'm keeping the money."
. Dean tugs a little harder, both hands wrapped around the monstrosity as it thrashes, and meets resistance, as if it's anchored somehow, deeper where he can't see.
," says Castiel angrily, "you dreamed that I
, why was all of this so hard to do?—he lifts Dean off the ground and into the lamplight.
The vampire grins.
Dean lifts his head. "Cas," he slurs, sounding almost drunk for an instant before his gaze suddenly sharpens. "I can
It was a roving nest: seven vampires, driving a beat-up brace of pickups and a battered trailer from town to town, leaving bloody victims in their wake. They didn't need to be careful because they didn't stay in one place for long enough. Castiel had put the dots together, tracked them through three towns before he finally caught up with them here. They'd been camped on the outskirts of this town for a day; he'd waited just long enough to be sure they were all present before moving in for the kill.
Dean rocks backwards against the wall.
Castiel cocks his head very slightly, the gesture somehow every bit as sincere as all the expressions before were smug. "Do you want me to look?" he says carefully.
"Alright, alright,
mean to Death?
"You're not there," Castiel adds, gently.
holy fire, but trust me, it'll do the trick. He'll be dead before that bullet touches me."
—but I never—"
. No tired waitress shoving her bangs out of her eyes and taking their order, no trucker nursing a cup of coffee in the corner booth, no gangly teenagers darting their eyes bashfully at each other as they split a chocolate malt on the other side of the room. Dean feels affection well up in his heart for all of it.
—kill me,
"You can try." Corin shrugs. "Trust me, it'll be a waste of your time. But do try, anyway."
Out of options, Castiel does the only thing he can; he clears his mind, shuts it down as best as he can and drifts in a hazy semiconscious state, riding slow waves of pain through the slowly dragging hours. It's a poor respite, and it doesn't last long. Another illusion of Dean arrives, slipping into the cell and sinking to its knees in front of him, hands held out but at a distance, as if afraid to touch Castiel, to reveal itself for what it is.
and we
and he
"Don't look at me like that, like I'm some kind of victim."
Vaguely, Castiel wonders why he came here, to do this very human activity that he certainly has no need for. Perhaps it's because this is the kind of place Dean would have stopped at for a meal.
Castiel flinches—then gasps in shocked relief as a blessed cool pools from Raz's fingertips, soothing the burn of the gold trails. He lifts his head and sees that Raz has brought a pot of salve with him; the demon applies more to Castiel's chest, and the slug's poison dissolves like dust in water, the pain subsiding rapidly.
Cas smiles, his eyes crinkling a little at the corners. "Yes. But not right away. And not all the time."
"No," says Castiel, the ache in his chest suddenly sweet, like summer honey. "No. Never." He tangles his fingers in Dean's hair and kisses him, hard. Dean makes a soft sound that thrums in Castiel's chest. It was Dean's soul that stayed the witch's fire, kept it from burrowing deep into Castiel's true form; it was Dean's soul that healed Castiel's wings, repaired the essence of them, even if it couldn't erase all the damage. It's Dean's soul that coils and hums behind Dean's eyes now, trembling a little with remembered pain, with new pleasure.
Dean was made to break everything he touches. Of course Cas wouldn't escape unscathed. Cas was made to be something inexorable, something beyond pain, beyond hurt, beyond caring. Beyond love and all of its cutting razor edges. Dean changed that.
Cas, perhaps predictably, does not shut up. Instead, he raises his head, his eyes burning with a fierceness that rocks Dean back on his heels. A tear slides down his cheek. "Dean, do you not understand, that I don't
, the whole time I was using his limbs to carve you apart. Let you try to tell him you don’t blame him, all while he has his hands wrist-deep in your guts.” He glances to the side. “Sam could probably tell you something about that.”
"I couldn't have borne to let him take you again," Castiel adds gently. "Not after knowing what he was capable of. Even if there was only a chance, I had to try."
, he thinks again.
“Well,” says Amara blandly, from where she’s just appeared in the back seat. “That looked unpleasant. I’d say it might teach him a thing or two about trying to subsume me into himself, but he can’t really learn any more lessons at this point, can he?”
“That’d be the plan,” says Benny, baring his teeth.
“Dean!” Sam stumbles around the front of the car. “Don’t—don’t run into traffic, Jesus—”
He’s not in Hell, he thinks, desperate. He’s not. He’s
“I found Sam, he’s alright. He’s taking the campers—Dean?”
Dean fumbles at the tape deck.
it, okay? I know what you see when you look at me, and it's
!” Dean yells, and he dodges another blow and launches himself over the map table, vaulting across it in a way that’s definitely going to hurt tomorrow. The elf that stabbed Cas looks up just in time to take a scimitar hilt to the temple; they drop like a sack of potatoes and Dean drops only slightly more gracefully to his knees next to Cas.
He'd at least retrieved the towel from the bathroom, wrapping it more securely around his waist, and he's still wearing Castiel's coat, but it hangs open in front and nothing is hiding the now-unmarked skin of Dean's chest and stomach. Castiel doesn't trust himself to look. He hadn't known what to make of Dean's desire, other than to surmise that after so long in captivity Dean's sexual urges had to be at the forefront of his mind, in the way that the other physical requirements of the human body—food, water, rest, oxygen—clamored loudly to be satisfied once too much time had passed. He'd been even less ready for the answering rush of his
"Come—" Cas pants. "Come
Dean, who could not possibly have failed to account for the possibility that Michael might seize control and become a danger to the world, to
"Dean," Castiel murmurs. He breaks the kiss so that he can press another to the curve just above Dean's lips. "Dean,
"Move along, Dean."
, plus a goddamn lot more time if you count this stupid narrative tess -whatever, and you’re telling us you just—have a plan?
"Good talk," says Chuck. "But that's really just...not going to happen. You two need to get it through your thick skulls that nothing can happen
"I'm going to do a lot," Castiel says, and with an easy motion—
Again, irritated:
"Who did this to you?"
On the other side of the map table, Cas is fighting two fey at once, ducking under their glittering shortspears, moving with a lithe, feline grace that looks just as angelic as it did when it was powered by grace. He’s empty-handed, no angel blade in sight, but he pivots expertly away from a spear thrust, hits the elf hard on the elbow and shoulder to send them careening past, and glances up across the map table to lock eyes with Dean, such a sharp, dangerous grin on his face that Dean almost forgets himself and gets impaled. He parries the swing at the last possible second and lets himself grin back at Cas for an instant, exhilarated, before the whirl of combat carries him away again.
“Right, unprecedented, we got that. That doesn’t explain what—"
He hears Cas murmur, faintly as if from a great distance, "You're bleeding."
The wound is knitting itself together, blue-white light flaring at its edges, hiding the damage, flaring up brightly enough that Dean has to avert his eyes. The last of the monsters performs the bizarre laying on of hands and steps back, and the kitchen is so utterly silent that when Cas suddenly twitches and
"Dream?"
Raz shrugs, already turning his attention back to Castiel. "Then get the fuck out."
The clerk at the motel flirts with Dean and he grins at her, winks in a languid way that makes her giggle and makes Sam exhale a loud, long-suffering sigh. Dean ignores it. Sam’s been getting cranky—too much time on the road, maybe. Dean resolves to have them stay put for a couple weeks once they get back to the Bunker. Sam can go back to his little morning jog routine, start buying his bagged kale salads again. Dean will bully him into rewatching some old Westerns.
"So he's...he's
The sight of him eases a knot of tension Dean hadn't even realized was coiled in his chest. He shies away from the feeling; it's too close to relief, and he doesn't want to think about the fact that he never really
Cas is watching him, his eyes full of the last dying light of the day. He's in just his dress shirt and slacks, the coat and jacket folded neatly to his other side. His hair is sticking out in every direction. God, Dean loves him. He tightens his hand around Cas's and lets himself peer, for just a moment, down the long timeless lens of eternity—gold afternoons and sleepy mornings, Cas's rough voice in his ear, the Impala's steady rumble, warm nights under these stars or any others. Their family and friends. Sam, one day. Cas working alongside Jack, turning Heaven from a prison to a paradise, making it into a home. Dean making a home, too, in a way.
, stands at attention, waiting to
Dean seems pleased with the clothes Castiel picked out, and disappears into the bathroom to change. Castiel sorts through the frozen meals, now well on their way to being unfrozen, and squats in front of the motel's tiny minifridge to stow them away. He hadn't considered the fact that the freezer portion would be so cramped, and trying to sequester every meal package feels rather like a logic problem with no solution. He's huffing in frustration and trying to jam a container of half-thawed sweet-and-sour meatballs into a corner when Dean comes back out of the bathroom, smoothing wrinkles out of his flannel. He has Castiel's coat draped over one arm.
"Why n—"
Cas exhales, a dark, satisfied sound. "Good," he breathes, and spins Dean around, walks him backward, away from the water's edge, until the warm metal of the Impala's hood bumps against the back of his knees.
"You can't go, and you know it," says Dean patiently. "Someone has to be here to run the spell and you know damn well I don't have the chops."
"And the...the," Dean hesitates, "the other part? Where I felt..."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Now his ears," sing-songs the vampire, and the hands holding his head in place are twisting it to the side.
What the fucking hell.
. "We're gonna figure it out, okay? We’re somewhere else, right? This is good, this is different. You were right, we made it too hard for Chuck to reset."
, the arch of Dean's spine, the bitten-off sounds dropping from Dean's lips, Dean's hands on Castiel and Dean's ragged breath in his ear. Castiel can feel pleasure pooling in the base of his spine and building; between that and the echoing lightning emanating from Dean's soul, his control feels dangerously close to slipping—and he
—remembers separating head from shoulders with a sweeping stroke of his blade before the vampire was halfway out of his seat.
"Cas," Dean manages once more, and then he comes, hips juddering up from the hood, his mouth open against Cas's jaw.
"I won't touch them," Castiel says. "Just let me see them. I can read them and we'll figure out what they are."
There’s a prolonged silence, and then the antlered fey that Eileen kicked off the balcony says, in a low, rustling voice like wind through bracken, “We received a fey distress call from this location—we know you are holding one of our own here.”
“So that I what,” says Dean, flat. He knows, or thinks he does. But he waits for Jack to say it.
story?"
Dean is.
Guys. It's DONE.
, he grinds down. Under the atrociously garish pants, the same vivid shade of school spirit as Dean's skirt, Castiel is sizable, and as hard as Dean is.
, listen—" Dean is holding Castiel's face urgently between his two hands, leaning in, raising his voice over Castiel's frantic pleading. "It's okay, it's
They're in a motel hallway.
"What do we need to remember?" Dean isn't sure if he's asking Sam or himself. He stares down at his hands, almost expecting to find a note scribbled across his palms.
With Dean's soul blocked, he hadn't needed to hold back his awareness or worry about skirting the currents of Dean's soul. There was no danger of accidentally perceiving any of Dean's thoughts or reactions—the sigil blocked almost everything, letting only brief blips of the very strongest emotions out.
Antlers bows slightly to her, and Dean notes their wince of pain with some satisfaction. Bruised ribs seem like a fair trade for toppling a fully-decorated Christmas tree. “Most of our experiences dealing with humans have been...fraught. Our deepest apologies for the...ah, the mess. We will repair your door.” They click their fingers and several of the elves go bounding up the stairs toward the wreck of the door.
Cas’s face smooths out. “Of course,” he says, like it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
"You did," Castiel says. "In that barn."
. And Cas had just looked at him with dark blue eyes, too close,
Dean relaxes with a gasp, leaning into the point of contact, his chin dropping to his chest.
, Dean thinks.
never have happened before, back when his disciplined maintenance of the distance between himself and Dean was almost airtight, when the years of constant restraint had made it second nature to hold back from Dean's soul. His entering of Dean's mind a few moments ago wasn't a conscious reaction, just a knee-jerk answer to Dean's sudden pain, and that shouldn't have happened, Castiel shouldn't have
He'd seemed unconscious, and he hadn't moved when Castiel approached. But when Castiel's hand lands on his shoulder, Dean wrenches away with a muffled cry, thrashing against his bonds.
very green and his blush
Dean knots his jaw, fighting back the torrent of grief that threatens to cut his knees out from under him. What is this, some kind of fucked up memorial service?
It has to be at least six feet long, and the head—there's
Dean doesn't answer, and Castiel stops, his fingers a hairsbreadth from Dean's plastered eyes. He's suddenly afraid that Dean's ears are more damaged than he thought, that it isn't as simple a matter as removing some epoxy. "Dean? Can you hear me?"
"It's alright," says Castiel. "They don't hurt." The fire might have cauterized the nerve endings to some extent, he supposes. Or maybe the influence of Dean's soul healed the worst of the damage. He steels himself. "How much was burned, before you and Sam put it out?"
"I don't care," Dean gasps. "I love you. I love you." Weight lifts from his chest and if he weren't already crying he might sob from the relief of it. "You fucking asshole. I love you."
He takes two more steps and his foot lands on what feels like stone. Water sloshes against the edge of his boot; there's a film of it covering the cell floor. He raises his phone higher and there's no mistake. It's Cas, undressed, curled on his side in the inch-deep water with his back to the stairs.
Dean. He is looking out of Dean's eyes at the smirk of the vampire on top of him, feeling the sharp ache of bruises blooming on his ribs, where the vampires had kicked him into submission—the memory blips through the dream like a flashback—earlier, on the deserted road half a mile from the camp, when they had caught up with him. He'd tried to run and they'd found him. They'd found him so
The figure starts to move. Towards them. The streetlights shatter one by one as it approaches, plunging the asphalt into darkness.
"Cas,
, he thinks,
"Alright,
"What was the point?" Dean says flippantly. "Not like you can heal me."
"Just us, huh?"
He kicks his bedroom door shut behind him and looks down at the glass in his hand for a moment. Then he throws it across the room. It shatters against the wall and maybe Sam will hear and come running and maybe he won't. Dean locks the door, just in case. Then he unscrews the cap on the whiskey and lifts it to his mouth and drinks, huge burning gulps that sear his throat and curdle in his stomach. He drinks and drinks and it isn't until a third of the bottle is gone that he finally lowers it and realizes his face is wet and his hands are shaking.
"Okay," Castiel breathes.
. There’s no big bad evil pulling the strings anymore. Coincidence is just...coincidence, again.”
Dean is barely aware of crossing the room. He doesn't really register that his body moves. One moment he's rigid in the doorframe, trying to concentrate on not blacking out from the sheer fucking stress of this whole fucking ordeal, and the next moment he's standing over Cas, reaching out, reaching
"There's light even in the storm, Dean," Castiel says. "You can see it, and you can hear the rain."
"You're okay, Cas," Sam confirms gently. He puts a hand under Cas's elbow and nods to Dean; the two of them help Cas swing his legs over the edge and stand up from the table. Cas sways on the spot, face paling impossible further with the effort of standing. Dean leans in automatically, taking more of his weight; on Cas's other side Sam is doing the same thing, the two of them supporting the angel between them.
"The last living archangel," says Michael. "And a nephilim." He tucks his hands into his jacket pockets again—it seems to be a habit for him, or maybe it’s something of Adam’s that he’s absorbed, or maybe it's neither of those—maybe it’s just Adam, himself, peeping through like starlight through a crack in a roof. "Interesting, isn't it, how I escaped your notice, when you were purging this earth? Almost as if...as if your power mistook me for a reflection of its own particular light. And...as for the Darkness..."
He takes the Bunker stairs two at a time, his heart in his mouth. Scans the map room, peers into the library.
Dean moves. He moves faster than the Empty's questing tentacle, faster than the first traitorous tear escaping from the corner of his eye, faster than he has ever managed to move when it comes to Cas.
Cas frowns again. “It was fortunate you did. We didn’t have a way to draw Chuck out, from here. But you and Sam, you broke free and forced him to return to the flow of time.”
“You didn’t,” says Dean in horror. His socks have tiny slices of pie on them, which is objectively awesome.
"They aren't," Dean falters, but he sounds uncertain. His face, upturned, is inches from Castiel's own.
They throw him to the floor, and the demon he'd tried to overcome pauses his string of curses long enough to stomp on his face, hard. Castiel hears a messy crunch and feels blood gushing from his nose. He rolls over onto his side so that it doesn't all run down into his mouth.
“Just us,” echoes Sam, and he smiles out the window at the landscape, a faraway look in his eyes.
“No,” says Michael.
There's a wrongness welling up in his chest, in his gut, in his throat. It's terrifying. It’s something huge and awful and choking and
"See you tomorrow, angel."
He thinks he has hands, maybe. Knees. He crawls on them.
"I'm sure it was," says Castiel. "I can't imagine—"
"Dean, hey—hey—" Sam lets go of his shoulder as Dean struggles back against the headboard, gasping. "Hey, what were you—"
when they die, don't they?" It curls a hand into Dean's shirt and drags him close. "I don't ever want to see either of you
. But Dean will make damn sure that the son of a bitch stays
—a deserted street corner, chill air seeping in through his jacket, streetlights shedding a pale cold radiance—
Castiel is opening his mouth to turn her down when the bag, crinkling in his grip, reminds him that he's trying to bring familiar things to Dean, and this—surely this is something that's familiar to Dean. Something physical, a comfort that Castiel can't offer—and something Dean wants, if the constant directionless desire rolling off his soul is anything to go by.
Castiel stoops and halts the bottle's progress as it rolls across the cheap carpet. He twists the cap off and offers it back.
"The rain has stopped," Castiel says patiently. "You need food. And clothes." He continues looking resolutely towards the corner of the room, keeping Dean barely in his peripheral vision.
in which Castiel bonds with a working girl and some decisions are made
"Yeah, well," says Dean, looking at Raz's body with the same expression a person might give a crushed cockroach, "fuck that dude. Cas, come on, let's get out of here."
Laughter rings in his ears. Castiel tears his eyes away from the fading illusion of Dean and sees Raz leaning against the cell bars, unnoticed somehow, whether through glamour or through Castiel's own idiotic focus on what he had thought—
The demons spend a few minutes kicking him for good measure, spitting out invectives all the while. Castiel curls in on himself and tries to breathe through the sharp bursts of agony. They finally tire of their sport and leave the cell, sneering to each other.
"Don't see anyone with you."
Then, without any thunder or fanfare, just the continued torrential hammering of the rain, the power goes out.
, really, so many tiny sharp hopes, so many sweet staccato flashes of love and wanting, that it's almost overwhelming. But not in a bad way.
Cheerleader Guy's friends have to elbow him before he responds. "Dean," he says faintly, and yes, that voice. Castiel thrills to it. Make that one hundred percent, because he sure as hell remembers that voice moaning, remembers it begging his name. And so help him, he's going to hear his name from that voice again.
doesn't know either. But he tries to steady his voice, tries to convey a conviction he isn't sure he feels.
The hallucination of Dean simply stares at him, expression unreadable in the dim light. Castiel cranes his neck, but he can't see Raz anywhere—not in the cell, not in the corridor, not in the cell's open doorway. He supposes the demon could be standing in the shadows at the back of the cell, where Castiel can't see without moving and jostling his wings. Standing with a smirk and a knife, waiting to reveal himself. Eyes fixated on Castiel's limp wings.
Sam hands him a cup of shitty gas station coffee.
, he thinks. The world swims around him.
to mess this up. But—screw it, he thinks vehemently. Whatever he might mess up—whatever he's
, things are moving so fast that he doesn't even have time to peel back the numbness. He sees, on Jack's and Sam's faces, the same blank expressions of exhausted grief. But there's no time for any of it, not with a cosmic entity breathing down their necks and the entire world on a countdown clock to doomsday.
Cas is still lying on his side, his dark eyes peering up at Dean, his face wet with tears. He reaches up, the coils of darkness around his wrist and forearm shifting like black vines, and presses a hand against Dean's cheek.
at attending to Dean's needs, not better—
Something unfurls inside him, a swell of love, of gratitude, so deep that it hurts. He's aware of a tightness in his chest as he stares at Sam, a sharp and painful joy, the unbearable ache of being known.
"But why
of it. Sam's face is quiet and kind and
"How long...how long did you have that over your eyes, Dean?"
Dean reaches for Castiel in return and Castiel hisses as pleasure shoots through him as well, a jolt that mirrors the blue-white lightning forking through Dean's soul. He speeds up the movement of his hand and Dean makes another sound, lower and more drawn-out, and Castiel thinks,
Cas smiles into the kiss. “Neither did I.”
"Faster," says Dean. He nods again, clenching his jaw. "Let's do it now."
Jack, who tilts his head like Cas and leans too close to the laptop screen like Sam and dangled his arm out the window of the Impala for no reason other than that he watched Dean doing it. Jack, who burned off his soul for them. Who wanted to die for them. Who has angel and human and deity in him now, and still chose them—still chose to live here, padding around the Bunker hallways and withering Eileen’s house plants and forgetting to wash his dirty dishes and being afraid all the time of what Dean will see in him.
"What are you?" Castiel demands, losing patience. "What are you, and why do you look like me?"
of this coils and burns and festers in his gut and so he writes it all off. A world in which he writes
"He's at Jody's."
Right. Of course. Cas is here on...cosmic entity business. He isn’t here to see Dean. He isn’t here to eat Dean’s fucking cooking.
His hand, halfway to his mouth with the plastic spoon, trembles a little, and Castiel watches droplets of chicken broth splash back into the container.
"It looked like—wings. Or the shadows of wings. Just before the lights went out. You looked like you had wings, for a moment."
Jack slowly sits back up, scrubbing at his face with the back of his hand in a motion that suddenly reminds Sam, very sharply and achingly, of Dean.
have—but I didn't see anything."
I?” Cas repeats incredulously. “You don’t think I—you don’t think there's
Cas is
the world, not tangling around in a narrative paradox.”
"Let," says Castiel. He pulls in another ragged breath. "Let go of my hand."
Jack gulps down another sob. "I missed you so much."
, it hurts worse than the acid, worse than the knives, worse than any physical torture they've leveled against him thus far. He screams into the gag, a muffled sound, writhing in their grips until they finally release him and back away.
, where’s—”
, he thinks. Something defiant rises up inside of him and silences the sneering voice. No, if there's one thing he knows for certain, down in his bones, it's that he loves Cas. God help him, he loves Cas, Cas and his messy hair and his morning grumpiness and his smile and his warmth and his squinty-eyed confusion and his absolute brilliance in a fight. And—god help him—he knows that Cas loves him back. He
(See the end of the chapter for
, please—Dean—"
Castiel shuts his laptop and stands, sucking in a breath that smells altogether too much like Dean for comfort.
"Dean, listen to me."
Another long moment passes. Then Dean says quietly, "I almost got away, once."
"And when—when an angel meets their soulmate, their wings are...awakened?"
Castiel levers himself up onto one elbow, gritting his teeth with the effort. "Dean," he gasps. "You...you came."
"Not at all," says Castiel urgently. He stops beside Dean and puts a hand on Dean's arm. "It makes sense. Dean, what they did to you—"
“As much as he ever was,” says Michael. “And more. Just as Adam and I, as we are...well.” He flexes the fingers of one hand, looks down at it as though examining a slide under a microscope. “Human, angel, more.”
"There's nothing to talk about, Sam." Dean tilts the bottle to his lips and drains it.
"I can—" Castiel offers, already lifting his hand, but Dean stops him.
me, man, it's creepy."
this," says Cas, miserably. "What I did—I deserve this—I—"
And it's not Dean.
be, this can't be happening—
"I mean—
Cas watches Sam standing on his tiptoes to affix the mistletoe. “That’s not for summoning the old gods of devastation to our hearth, I’m assuming.”
Dean laughs a little breathlessly. "Sure did."
"Cas, I—" His breath hitches.
“Enjoy your life, boys,” she says. There’s a brilliant flash, and Dean squeezes his eyes shut.
"Try to calm down," he urges. "You're safe now."
"Cas,
Castiel didn't really expect that, but he supposes he shouldn't be surprised. The Winchesters are nothing if not stubborn.
Dean shoves open the driver’s side door and stumbles out onto the tarmac. A semi blares by in a rush of wind and sound. He bends to brace his hands on his knees, hyperventilating. His eyes sting.
Gadreel's gaze softens. "You don't have to hide your pain from me. And you don't need to pity me for the loss of my wings, for my Fall. It is fitting penance for my crimes. My only regret is that the rest of my kind, who were undeserving of the same punishment, received it anyway."
And he does look at Jack, then.
it, they saved the world. They saved
Basically all the blood in Dean's body rushes downward. Brain cells, exeunt stage dick. He swallows hard, one more time, and
"I'm right here," Castiel says urgently. Dean turns toward him, head tipping frantically in the direction of Castiel's voice. "I'm
, he thinks, for no particular reason.
The not-Castiel smiles again. "No. He's mine. And I don't let what's mine escape."
"I need to see what they did to your eyes," says Castiel, before remembering, again, that Dean can't hear him. He reaches out instead, takes hold of Dean's chin and tips it up until he can see the black patches, glossy in the motel room lamplight. Dean twitches slightly at the touch, but again offers no resistance. His jaw is tightly clenched; Castiel can see minute tremors running through it.
“We...didn’t think about them at all,” says Sam slowly. “How could that...we didn’t think about them, and we didn’t think about Cas, we just—”
"Yeah, he's the one who drove us here. He's probably out for a friggin' jog or something." Dean sighs. "He'd been tracking some kind of lead—a lead on me, I guess. Trying to get intel from a vampire nest. Deep cover. That's why he didn't contact you, I guess. Moron. In over his head, sounded like."
—are still jangling faintly through the air like distant chimes, lingering in a way no normal sound should.
Raz leaves, slamming the door behind him, and Castiel is left to struggle for breathe on the stones. His grace moves sluggishly through his injuries, knitting the crushed cartilage of his nose back together, easing the bruising on his torso. He struggles into a sitting position, wrenching pointlessly at the cuffs and receiving only a sickening jolt of pain in return.
, Dean—"
Dean's phone doesn't ring on the drive back to the Bunker, but that's okay. Because—well, maybe Cas lost his cell, what with getting shuffled back and forth between a cosmic void dimension and all. And anyway, Dean doesn't want this conversation to happen over the phone, he wants to—he wants to talk to Cas face-to-face. They should talk face-to-face.
"It's like—" He gestures vaguely. "It's something light. Shallow. Something you read at the beach because you want something easy, and then you never think about it again." He swallows and reaches for his beer to cover up the sting of memory because
Dean takes it without meeting Castiel's eyes. He takes a slow sip, then tips his head back and drinks deep, eyes screwed shut, water spilling over his chin. Castiel pulls his eyes away from the motion of Dean's throat and rips open a pack of gauze.
"Rebar," Sam rasps. "In his back—"
to be. If the leviathan kill Cas, it’s just the latest corpse on Dean’s name. “God
In retrospect, Dean really, really regrets telling Sam what Cas had said. Any other time, he would've known better—but he'd had nothing left of himself to mortar into any semblance of a wall, when they'd found him in the Bunker. He'd blurted it all out to Sam and Jack, numb with it, with the weight of Cas's last words. Cas's handprint cooling on his shoulder. Cas's absence a corrosive void under his ribs.
Sam seems like he's tracking to the same conclusion, if his enormous eyes are anything to go by. His mouth has already settled into a grim line, like Sam's body has already identified and is reacting to the presence of danger, even if his mind hasn't caught up yet. “Something is wrong," he says, low and sure.
"It's alright," Cas is saying. One of his hands comes up to rest, almost hesitantly, against Dean's hair. It's achingly different from when the Empty mimicked the gesture just minutes before. "It's alright, Dean."
"Dean," Cas stammers. His hair is tousled, his eyes wild with fear and shock. The handprint is dark red across his chest.
The demon pauses halfway through the sequence. "My name is Raz, by the way," he says off-handedly, as if they are sitting down to coffee instead of torture, as if there are not iron bars between them.
it, the dark cruelty of his essence raking over Castiel's like razor wire.
was."
Cas doesn't say anything, but he doesn't close his eyes either. Just stares at Dean unblinkingly.
Dean freezes, the faint echoes of his soul becoming even fainter, curling inwards. "Buy a guy dinner first, Cas," he quips half-heartedly. He doesn't turn around, even though Castiel is so close behind that he can feel the warmth emanating from Dean's body.
Dean lays his palm against Castiel's face, and Castiel feels nothing—no pressure from Dean's hand, no warmth,
. No matter how often he dreams you here."
Cherry starts pulling her jacket back on. "I'm outta here."
Gadreel shrugs. "Perhaps; perhaps not. Who can say if the angels will ever be restored to what we once were?"
That's the shitty truth of it, isn't it? He's always made the excuse that they didn't have time, with all of the shit the world insisted on throwing their way, but the truth has always been that he
"I love you," says Dean.
Dean's a coward, so he absolutely does intend to go to straight to bed and not deal with any of this shit tonight. Sam can whine about it all he likes. But his feet betray him and somehow he ends up standing in front of the door to Cas's room.
Dean blinks. "Well, fine. I guess. Uh. You go first."
Something, some brief emotion, finally flits over Michael’s face, nearly indiscernible.
“Yeah,” says Sam. “Yeah, a drive sounds good.”
, on this stone cliff's edge forty feet over the crashing ocean.
to die becomes Death. It is the next of
“No offense taken,” says Benny mildly. He turns to Eileen. “I don’t have any love for Eve. Let’s just say her leadership style don’t sit right with me, maybe leave it at that. T’be honest, not all the leviathan are loyal to Eve, either. Most
"How much farther to Washington?"
“Old habits die hard, I guess,” Dean says. He suppresses another chuckle. “Throw a tape in, would you? There’s a couple in the glove box.”
Warm lamplight, old-fashioned furniture. The quiet hum of machinery beneath his feet.
"Not to my knowledge," Castiel admits. The itching has eased; he recognizes it now as coming from the new feathers, trapped as they'd been under the tight gauze, and almost laughs out of sheer joy. He curves his wings overhead, a canopy above him and Dean. "But you and I, we seem to make a habit of being unprecedented, don't we?"
—in the thirty seconds before peacing out of existence and leaving Dean with—nothing. An empty room, and a mind blank with shock, and that cold feeling of panic tightening like a vise around his lungs.
"I. Um." Dean drops his eyes. "I tried to put it out. The fire. Didn't work, obviously. I was—I wasn't really thinking straight. At the time." He starts to pull his hands back under the covers, but Castiel reaches out and grabs one of his wrists, arresting the motion.
"Wait...you said primary feathers?
But—Dean's here now, isn't he? The deck has been dealt, the story is over, and he's still
, he can hear them saying.
Castiel jolts awake, staring up at the ceiling, heart hammering in his chest. It's a moment before he's aware of the warmth against his shoulder; he turns his head and gets a mouthful of hair, registers in the same instant that Dean is pressed up against him, head pillowed on Castiel's shoulder, one arm thrown artlessly over Castiel's stomach.
, but
been that simple, for me.”
, breathing and alive despite it all, and maybe it's not surprising that Castiel is wholly unprepared for the
Now Sam does look up, his brow furrowing. "Are you sure that's safe?" he says.
She pulls free and pats him affectionately on the jaw. "You just missed the girls—they went to pick up some lunch. He's out back, though."
"The nephilim's attack damaged me." The Empty lets go of Dean's hair to wrap its arms around itself, its voice dropping to a low mutter. "Cracks in the foundation, cracks in the foundation." It cocks its head again and grins. "But angel grace, even weakened grace? Useful for repairs."
Cas sets the mug down. “I should go, actually,” he says. “I need to consult Jack about something.”
"Wait," says Castiel, "what's your name?"
Dean goes completely still. His mouth moves noiselessly, makes the shape of a name.
you, and I
Cas is shaking his head. "No, Dean," he says brokenly, "no, you don't understand,
out of thin air.
"Oh," says Dean eloquently, as his brain kicks into overdrive while, simultaneously, his lungs start to seize weakly on nothing at all. He sees Chuck pop into view just over Sam's shoulder. "Son of a
Either way, Cas whips his head up, and Dean gets a full-on, perfectly sunlit front-seat view to the way Cas's eyes go wide and terrified, the way his shoulders lift and his entire body goes tense under the boxy lines of the trench coat.
, Dean wants to scream.
"Where are you going to be?" says Sam, without looking up. He's focused on their shoebox of ritual supplies, sorting through the herb bundles and ceremonial blades and sticks of colored chalk.
"I'm not going to hurt you," Castiel says, gently.
"When Dad used to just—leave us alone. For weeks. I know he didn't—I know he didn't always leave enough money for you to—"
"In some ways." Dean lowers his eyes. "Still just as much of a badass."
a virgin," snaps Dean. "Cas, what the
. He and Sam—they
, also predictable. And oh yeah, we threw Lucifer in too, didn’t we. Really just dug that one up just to rebury it, huh?”
It's not a trick. It's Dean. Dean is
, my arms feel like they're on fire and it hurts to breathe and I don't need you to look at me like you're sorry for me, alright? I don't need you to feel bad that you didn't save my sorry ass in time to keep a bunch of vamps from carving it up!"
Dean leans forward and kisses him.
, he's going for it.
The tool shed is a lot larger than he would have expected, and in fairness it's in a pretty sorry state: the wood is weather-worn and grey, any paint long since chipped away, and it looks like quite a few shingles are missing. The door is open.
"Better than letting that monster take you."
Sam gives a small, jerky nod, as his mouth thins into an unhappy line; Dean watches Eileen start to bristle, and clears his throat hastily. “How the hell’d you find the portal?” he demands, partially to get the conversation back on track and partially because Eileen might actually stab Benny if this particular train of questioning continues.
Dean opens his mouth. Closes it. He can’t really think of a reasonable argument against it, except that the concept of the literal embodiment of Death having a phone just—
“What the
need to take a piss," he grumbles, and slouches toward the bathroom door.
He twists his neck farther to survey more of the damage, and his eyes slide over a set of tiny puncture wounds in the muscle near where the wing joins his shoulder. Raz had
feathers, which means Dean probably assumed his wings just weren't awakened, which would mean Cas hasn't met his soulmate, which you described as the person the angel is
," Dean rasps, so softly that Castiel can barely hear.
"Stop playing with me," Castiel spits, with venom he thinks the real Dean would have been proud of. "I know this game—if you're going to torture me—just
Dean hums. “Hope it turns out well.”
Dean's feet hit solid ground, Sam's arm a warm anchor point under his palm. He blinks his eyes open and staggers back, feeling his calves bump against familiar metal.
The cuffs that lock his grace are also keeping him from pulling his wings back into the etheric plane, Castiel realizes as he attempts this without success. He rolls painfully onto his left side and turns his head to survey the right wing as it drops across his hip and over the stones, leaving sticky streaks of crimson wherever it touches. The feathers are even more mangled than before, and one of the bones juts out at an odd angle that both suggests and feels like some sort of fracture. A memory surfaces: Raz gripping the wing in both hands and
"You felt my
, he thinks bitterly.
"Cas. What—"
"Cas?"
apparently continue moving his vocal cords and also apparently doesn't know when to let well enough alone. "Guess anything can happen."
Dean tries to listen, he really does, but his hands are trembling and Cas’s blood is soaking through the fabric of the Zeppelin tee and Cas is
"Cherry, wait," Castiel pleads. He stoops to set the bag down on the floor. "Dean, I met her in town and I just thought you'd want—"
"Fuck," Sam wheezes, clutching at Dean's side. "It worked—"
"It's just pain, Cas."
Cas blinks. “Dean, I should tell you...the books in Death’s library, they don’t hold endings, anymore. I’ve checked them all. All of the fated endings—they vanished after Chuck was defeated.”
“Forgive us,” says the antlered fey finally. They clear their throat and continue, stiffly, “When fresh-cut pine is placed at this particular angle to the sun’s solstitial position, it acts as a beacon for our kind—typically this indicates a call for aid if emanating from an enclosed location.”
—and for this?
of Dean, wants to feel everything of Dean, no tenuous barriers between them.
Dean yawns. "Hope not. Cause then I'd be dead."
Sam’s mouth is hanging open. "You're...you're..."
“I said
connected to everything, why isn’t he here with us? Eating a burger, watching you eat your lawn clippings?”
"Probably about two days."
Sam is shaking his head, one hand pressed to his temple. A tear glints on his cheek.
you were going to die
, for words that won't lay him out bare and raw and split-open for Cas to see right through. "—Cas, I see one of the strongest people I've ever met in my life. I know you've made your share of mistakes but man, at the end of the day? There's
“I’d have him kill you, Dean,” he says, cold. “Slowly. Intimately.
“Right,” says Dean. “Well, me and Sam, we didn’t exactly get in on the whole new job thing, so we’re, you know, still concerned with the
Cas blinks. He half-lifts the gun. "Yes, well...it seems to have modernized, somewhat."
"I don't know, improvise," Michael says icily. "Isn't that what the two of you are best at? We’re close by—you only have to manage a short time on your own."
Dean freezes, his whole body going rigid, and then he melts forward into the kiss, his whole body relaxing into Castiel. For one glorious moment their mouths and bodies are slotted against each other, Dean furnace-hot and yielding under Castiel's touch, the taste of him electrifying, and Castiel wonders, with a kind of savage joy, why he didn't do this hours or
But Castiel tips Dean onto the rumpled bedspread now and thinks to himself that there is nothing so new under the sun, so unmapped and unknown, as Dean's body underneath him at this moment. On his back, Dean swallows and shifts, his eyes wide, the pupils dilated. Dean scoots further up on the mattress, and Castiel drops onto the bed beside him. He swings one leg over Dean's body and crouches over it, bending to fit their mouths together again.
me.” The words tear into him like the wendigo’s claws. “You don’t need anyone, Cas, with the power you’re running on, you’re not
"Yeah, well, Gadreel probably didn't get the latest on Heaven's etiquette when he was sitting in prison," Dean says, and then sighs and runs his hand through his hair. "Sorry man."
. It was a lot, man. You were—fuck, you were in a bad way, Cas. I thought." Dean falters yet again. "I thought you were going to die."
—because Dean would never—not even if it took him
—was Dean.
, a brief tight sharpness, a slow drag of heat inside him, and
). Thank you everyone who stuck with the story and came back to read each chapter, thank you THANK you everyone who commented and everyone who commented MULTIPLE TIMES, literally adding years to my lifespan. I really hope you enjoyed this final chapter with its combination of fluff and angst, and please if you're so inclined let me know what you thought of it and of the fic as a whole!
"I just know you're—you're gone, and I—"
Eileen, from the balcony, signs something at Cas; since she’s vigorously mouthing the words as well, Dean can tell that it’s
." He thrusts his hand out at Castiel, and something very large and invisible slams into Castiel's chest, sending him flying backwards into the room.
Such a long time between updates! :0 All the apologies for keeping you guys waiting. Forgive me? I made this chapter nice and long! And filled it with copious misunderstanding and pain!
"Long story," says Dean. He moves his hand down to Cas's shoulder, squeezing it carefully, a gentle pressure. "Right now we gotta move. Okay, Cas?"
the hell was I supposed to—"
—so that Dean can tell him what he’s only said in dreams, till now—
He sits down on the steps, to wait. Sam will be returning. They will have to plan their next move, to save Dean.
his grace out, into where the epoxy is wedged deep and unforgiving in Dean's ear canals. He can feel the material heating beneath his hands, vibrating on a molecular level as it resists the influx of power, and then it gives way, crumbles like dust under his touch.
Castiel reaches for Dean's face in turn, feels the feverish heat of Dean's skin. He presses his hand to the side of Dean's face, mirroring the contact of Dean's fingertips against his own skin.
Nothing happens. Michael and Jack blink solemnly back at Chuck, who takes a half step back, his mouth opening slightly for a moment before he clenches it into a hard, furious line.
"Well, when he gets his ass over here I can kick it for abandoning you."
She smirks, arches a well-manicured eyebrow. "A warm body for a few hours?"
,” Dean calls urgently, reaching out as his brother edges around Chuck's shaking form. He feels Sam’s sleeve under his hand, and clutches at it. The light from Chuck burns brighter, hotter, until Dean has to turn away and shut his eyes. Sam's hand is on his wrist, fingers digging in. There's a roaring all around them, like he's caught in a hurricane-force gale.
"No, they won't leave me alone for long, they'll be back, they'll be
Castiel rolls over, putting his back to Raz. "Torture me if you will, but otherwise, leave me alone," he snaps at the far wall. He closes his eyes, expecting the creak of the cell door any minute, followed by some burst of pain, but after a long silence there is only the sound of Raz's footsteps, fading away down the corridor.
"It's not your abilities I'm worried about," says Cas quietly. He studies his hands where they rest, flat, on the table.
“Thank goodness we kept Betty’s scythe,” Sam mumbles.
"They'll never grow back?" Sam asks softly.
Castiel hears in Dean's words the echo of his own, months ago, uttered in a dark forest clearing while a Reaper lay dead at his feet. He nods, something tight swelling in his chest. "Yes...Dean."
He staggers away from the Impala, braces one hand against the signpost. Tries not to hyperventilate. Stares out over the edge of the cliff, at the forested ravine far beneath, the valley beyond that stretches out to the hazy blue horizon—all of it might as well be a fucking painting, for all the
He grips Dean's wrist as tightly as he dares, a fresh burst of anger curling in his chest as he looks down at Dean's arm, notices again the long rows of puncture marks, some of them heavily infected, and the raw lacerations peeping out from beneath the dangling cuff.
"I was," says Castiel. He frowns. "Sam shouldn't have been able to save me. That fire, Dean, it was going slowly, but it was already so deep in my wings, I could feel it, it should've—"
And then he doesn't say anything at all, because—because—
"Cas," Dean croaks at last, his voice raw and whisper-quiet. "Cas—you—I—"
"Jack, it wasn't your job to rescue me," says Castiel, cutting off the torrent of grief and guilt currently being wept into his collar. "They told me that you saved the world. You did more than any of us could ever have asked of you. I am so, so proud of you."
, you—"
"I just went to get supplies," says Castiel. "I need to look at your wounds. Some of them are infected."
"You asked why. Well...because I
Jack waits for a moment, and when Sam continues to hesitate, he smiles a little half-smile and says, frank, "You want to know if I got my soul back."
Castiel scowls in spite of himself, irritated at Dean's ever-constant stubbornness. Surprisingly, whether rejuvenated by his brief rest or simply through sheer willpower, Dean makes it—somewhat unsteadily—to the bathroom without collapsing. Castiel takes the opportunity to open one of the single-serving cartons of soup, inspect the directions, and place it in the microwave. He punches in what he thinks is the appropriate time with some trepidation; from the bathroom he hears the shower start and hopes Dean has the sense not to get the bandages wet.
It’s a couple of days after that, still on the road to Washington, that Dean glances over at the forest flashing past beyond the highway guardrail. He looks at the kaleidoscope of sunlight, the trees whipping past, the empty breakdown lane—and something short-circuits in his brain. A bolt of white-hot nausea lances down his spine, nearly making him lose control of the wheel. He jerks the Impala over to the shoulder of the interstate and sucks air into his lungs, his stomach churning like he's going to be sick.
stole Theo's grace, I'm—I'm an abomination, I have stolen grace in me,
hunger, the way his vessel did when it was human. It's foolish under any circumstances, and dangerous under these, when it's controlling him instead of the other way around, when it's making him
"He—they said."
"Me and you—it's always—it's always been—"
The woman tilts her head, looks him in the eye. "Listen, I feel for your buddy, it's cool that you're being a good friend. But you could also be one of those crazy psychos. I like all my internal organs where they are, thanks very much."
"We'll definitely be there," says Charlie. Dean shoots her a glare, and she shrugs back at him, her face still split with a mischievous grin.
Cas is moving closer, speaking softly: gentle, lovely words that cut through the rhythmic clanging of Billie's fist against the warding. And all Dean can think is that he's so, so wrong.
He's running out of time, he thinks. He's running out of time because the relief and the numbness are splintering and if he isn't blitzed out of his mind by the time those walls come down there'll be nothing to keep him from feeling every razor edge of the chasm he's teetering over.
isn't clear. Castiel considers and discards several theories in quick succession—maybe Dean
"Sam,
, and somehow this is harder. To move one limb just a few inches. To make just a few tendons and muscles obey his stupid dumb heart.
. It hooks at his skin, tugging him apart. He clasps his hands behind his back to keep from drumming them anxiously on the nearest flat surface.
Jack glances up at him but quickly drops his gaze again. He'd nearly died saving their collective asses in the final battle. His arms are bandaged from the elbows down, burn wounds that he'll have to heal the ordinary, human way. Dean digs deep and musters up a flicker of energy from the crater in his chest. He touches Jack's shoulder gently. "You did good today, kid."
He closes the gap between them.
I felt," says Dean. He winds his fingers through Castiel's. "I mean. Uh. It felt good. Obviously. But it, it felt good for
"And now?" says Sam, carefully. He was telling the truth when he said it didn't matter, because it
and the
And now Dean knows. Dean knows exactly how little angel is left in Castiel, stolen grace or no. Dean has seen the way his wings are rotting, how first Metatron's spell and now Theo's grace have destroyed,
"Alright," says Castiel hastily. "Alright, just let me help you, Dean, will you let me?"
, so there's still time.
“Dude was just...in the kitchen. Drinking fucking coffee.” Dean ignores the way his chest flutters, thinking about Cas all lean and relaxed against the kitchen counter, one huge hand curled delicately through the mug’s handle.
“You said it yourself, Dean,” says Cas, in a low monotone. “Horseman of the apocalypse, remember? And you were right. I came back, and I’m grateful that I did, grateful that I could help. But I didn't come back as someone who should—be around the living.”
"You," says Sam. "You just...killed God."
"I thought you wouldn't come for me," says Dean, his voice cracking. "Figured you thought I was dead, by then."
, Jack." Fear opens up its spiny maw inside him, rakes at his insides with frigid teeth. "You get your—your
Dean gives him a watery grin. "He's alright—he's back at the Bunker. Undoing all of Chuck's bullshit—he did great, you'da been proud, but it burned through his powers. He's got enough mojo for his body not to disintegrate like it did last time, but—he's human, basically."
"Call your brother. He misses you." He shuts the door and steps back, lifting one hand in an awkward half-wave.
Cas still looks mystified, which is fair. Dean supposes there's a lot of embedded cultural nuance here.
it? That you aren't a part of it? Well, you are. And the world exists according to a cosmic balance that
Inside the room, Dean is pacing agitatedly, running his hands through his hair. As Castiel shuts the door behind him, Dean whirls and inhales, face thunderous.
“You—and so you just—” Dean sputters. Amara lifts a hand to cut him off.
, Chuck had said.
"Dean," Sam says, like a warning, like an order, and there's a sudden fierceness to his eyes. Sam's face is wet; a muscle jumps in his clenched jaw. "Dean, don't you dare," Sam says in a low voice that's very nearly a snarl, and he grabs Dean by the upper arm—
Jack doesn’t seem soothed by this at all; on the contrary, he seems almost more distraught by the second, standing ramrod-stiff in the center of the room.
“Thought you said we ain’t in the business of getting what we deserve,” says Dean tightly. He tries to ignore the lump rising in his throat at the mention of Cas’s name.
jealous.”
This close to Cas, the two of them in each other’s space like this, Dean can feel everything. He can feel the way Cas’s body goes rigid for a moment and then trembles, a bone-deep tremor like a ship rocked on a wave. He can feel the way Cas’s shoulders move in a sharp, uneven inhale, can hear the sound of the ragged breath close beside his own ear. He can feel Cas’s hands when they come up to press against him, one against his back, between his shoulder blades, the other against the nape of his neck.
Castiel takes a step and the pier creaks gently under his feet. He looks down, surprised at the dream's vivid detail. In the pearly light the water of the lake is opaque, a metallic silvery-grey like mercury. The tips of his shoes are right at the edge of the dock. The last time he was here, he'd come to warn Dean of Heaven's plan to start the apocalypse. He remembers the mingled urgency and determination that had filled him then, the knowledge that he didn't have much time before his superiors realized his disobedience. Of course, he'd had even less time than he'd thought.
. Was this what he saved Cas for? For more pain? For more breaking? Dean doesn't know how to do this. He doesn't know how to fix this. He doesn't know how to
curious. Not to brag, but the inscription was foolproof. You shouldn't have been able to sense him at all." Corin tips his head and considers Castiel. "Curious," he repeats. "Well, I assure you, I will be layering in a few more precautions this time around."
Cas closes his mouth. He folds his hands neatly on the desk, over the pages of whatever boring-ass arcane tome he was definitely
The remaining tendril of the Empty reverses course in midair and dives at them. Dean puts one hand on the back of Cas's head and pulls it toward him, tucking it under his chin.
He means,
disrespectful."
Cas's arms tighten around Dean's shoulders and this only makes Dean tremble harder. He feels raw, flayed open in a way not even Alastair ever managed. His breath is coming in huge, ragged gasps.
you, Dean, is that—is that what you—"
"Don't be," Castiel tells him. He lifts his hand to the collar of his own shirt, above where the line of buttons begins, and then he curls his fingers into the crisp fabric and rips, straight down. Threads snap and buttons go flying and then the shirt is open, and Castiel is shrugging out of it.
been a soulless Jack they'd been facing, after all. Just with the skeleton of the real Jack buried somewhere inside, a memory, an unlit lamp.
. You idiots still think you get to
“Great,” says Dean. Just what they need, a new rung on the ladder of cosmic douchebags. “Fucking peachy.”
Castiel's fingers make contact with his temple and Dean slumps, boneless, against the corner.
"Shut up, Dean," says Castiel. "I repeat, it was incredible, and so were you. Your soul is always beautiful, but being close with you physically amplified it. It's hard to describe how much I wanted you, how much I wanted to feel not just your physical body but your soul as well. Giving in to that, having that, was...indescribable. I just wasn't expecting the shared sensation to be reciprocal."
, dammit."
Dean wakes up in a motel bed.
Castiel bristles. "I don't know what you are, what kind of terror you represent for Dean, but he is not
, Sam deserves more than this shitty lonely life, deserves more than a shitty lonely older brother who can’t—who doesn’t know how to do anything except hunt the things that go bump in the night—who can’t even do
this.
“He’s—
," says Dean, around a mouthful of Sam's flannel. "Jesus...okay."
, once—things is pretty much its own reward."
happiness—there's a hollowness too, something aching under his ribs. It unsettles him; he looks away and occupies himself with unpacking their bags.
"Dean," he says quietly, to the unresponsive man on the bed. "Do you hear that?" Impulsively, he puts his other hand on Dean's forehead, pushing back Dean's sweat-dampened hair. "It's rain. It's rain outside this room—this is a motel room, where I brought you after taking you out of that trailer. You aren't in that place anymore. I found you."
The kiss coils in him like curse or benediction or both. It burns against his mouth like a brand. If Castiel could have harbored any thoughts of giving up, of letting Dean go unchallenged into his hallowed destiny, of letting Michael use that mouth and those hands to wreak destruction on this world, he cannot do so now. Not with the memory of that kiss twining deeper and deeper into his throat, seeding itself down in his chest like an unwanted vine, making hope clench around Castiel's heart like a vise.
. Billie said..." His hands float up, carving a shape in the air. "She said it was like...like a light bulb with no current running through it. Like an empty shell."
There’s another, considerably more awkward silence.
“Wherever our story takes us," says Sam, and he, too, looks like weight is lifting from him. His expression clears, the worry and disbelief easing into something lighter, happier.
"It's really you," Jack gasps, and it isn't a question, but Castiel confirms anyway.
," the vampire snaps, more irritation coloring his voice now. He lifts his hand and the flames flare higher, until Castiel hisses in spite of himself, shrinking inward in an effort to pull away from the poisonous heat of them.
"You're not fucking broken," he says several long seconds later, when they've pulled apart for air. "You're fucking perfect. Theo fucking had it coming—fuck, I would have tracked him down and killed him myself for touching you, if you hadn't beat me to it."
"Cas is probably missing all his primaries," says Sam, connecting the dots with growing resignation, "but he's still got
"I'll get you out of here," he tells Dean.
of him not to be prepared for it, for any possibility—and his senses are whirring on hyperalert as he nears the crest of the trail.
"There
Perturbed, Castiel holds out a hand. Dean frowns at it for a moment before slowly reaching out to take it. Castiel pulls him up to sit on the edge of the bed, before heading over to the bags he'd dropped in his haste.
"So I am," says Castiel, vision briefly blurring with said tears, as his human body betrays him in what he suspects is not the end of a long line of such audacities. He smiles. "I think we're both entitled."
, he thinks.
of Cas.
needed Dean, never
Dean was dumb fuddled. How did Cas know that? He didn’t dare throw a glance at Rowena.
“You don’t know me,” he repeats slowly as if he doesn’t understand.
“No, it’s okay. I mean – you’re right. He’s just a bird.”
“Yes, me as well. I didn’t know magic could be shared like that. It was an incredible experience.” He looked at his hands and smiled at them. “Did you ever do that?”
“I know,” Castiel replies.
The shop itself looked very unassuming. It was a small shop by any standard, but well maintained, from what Sam could see. He looked over at Rowena who pretended not to know him, and went inside.
this word.
Cas was dead.
You furrow your brow. You don’t understand.
I want to hold your hand and I want to kiss your hair and I want to be gross with you and I...
The man with the fire in his hand and the flowers on his head.
“I think I remember these tanks.”
It was afraid of you, Cas, because it knew only you could ever walk away from a confrontation. You’re the angel that defied and defied and defied again. The Empty can’t hold you. It never could. You were awake, and you found your own way out. Do you even know how much power that takes? How much will? And
He tried so hard not to sob.
me to fix you. I realised that you could help yourself. And I came to understand that all I could do was to help you when you’d fall down.”
. He was holding out some flowers to the man before him; a somewhat young fellow, maybe just out of his teenage years. He must be a bit younger than Sam and Dean had instant sympathy for him. The poor sod looked terribly sad and Dean hoped everything was alright with him. Even his clothes looked ratty. He adverted his gaze and looked at the flowers instead. That boy was none of his business, really. He wasn’t Dean’s concern and that’d be that.
Castiel slid down the chair. Dean helped him even though he didn’t really have to – still, it was a nice feeling. It was also very nice that Dean’s hand never left his body. It made him feel safe. He suspected that Dean knew that.
“Then let’s go there,” Dean says and Sam nods, looking back down at his phone.
Dean needs to say it.
Rowena halted in her movements and
Castiel sat up and rubbed his eyes. “I don’t have magic and my mother said I should sleep outside so my siblings can have more space.”
Luckily, Castiel didn’t look
at Dean funny.
Dean blinked. “You blew me. You just licked my ass, for fuck’s sake!”
For days to come, the flames would be in their eyes.
Dean drove Cas back to his shop.
Dean whimpered and looked at Castiel. Yeah, he was right. That call had definitely left him with some blue balls. He’d been in a bad mood for the rest of the day and calling Cas later didn’t really have the same effect.
“I listen to the radio, mostly. I sing to myself too, at night. I’m sorry. I’m very boring.“
.  “N – No, Sir.”
Unsurprisingly, it was a flower shop. It was in a quiet and nice neighbourhood, but Dean wondered if there were many customers. This was not exactly a high-traffic area, but what did he know? It seemed to run well enough. Dean parked on the curb, got himself a parking ticket from the nearby meter and put it in his car while grabbing the umbrella back out.
He couldn’t move.
The thing left its shoulder and hovered in front of It. It moved its – arms? to stay afloat. It was fascinating. “You help,” Edgar said again and It didn’t know how to respond. “Why?” It asked then.
“Okay,” he said to Cas. “I’m going to light one blade of grass on fire, nothing else. This is way more difficult than lighting a wick.”
“So, where are we going?”
Castiel was staring ahead as well and then dropped his gaze to the flowers he was holding. He held them up before his face, kept his eyes open and blew on them. The wind carried the pappi away from them, in the direction of the little lake.
He gestured for Dean to go first so he did. He closed his eyes and thought of a wish. Maybe... Baby never breaking down? No. Oh, what about Sam aceing his exam? Yeah, that was a good one. So he concentrated really hard on Sam and blew on the fluff. He looked after them and then turned his head to Cas.
As you tell him all about the stars, he holds your hand and sits on a bench next to you.
Nobody was here. The bed looked as untouched as Dean remembered it. Dad would’ve never been caught dead with an unmade bed. But it was still so early in the morning that even Sam was still asleep. Something was wrong. He wasn’t able to pin-point what it was exactly, but
? You spoke to him? What the fuck did he say?!”
Dean grumbled. Why was Rowena here again?
, as if that would ever happen. “I wanna check out the shop where he got them.”
“Until forever ends,” Edgar replied.
“I could feel your longing,” someone behind him says and Dean whips around just to be face to face with Jack.
He came over and looked at the ritual she was performing. That boy was vastly interested in all the magic. “I’m still scouring, sweetie.”
Great, now Rowena was encouraging him.
Dean just nodded silently. He couldn’t speak. What was there to say? He wiped the tears out of his eyes because this was the last time he’d be able to see Cas. He was smiling.
I’ll give you fifty bucks if you let me fuck you, the man with the condoms said. They were small.
Surprised, Cas turned around. “You want to stay in that chair?”
That is too bad, you think. You wonder if it would be bad stealing two crutches. It probably is. You shouldn’t steal from a hospital.
She steps closer to him and Dean can feel the warmth radiating off of her. It’s comforting. She gently takes his face in her hands and presses her lips against his forehead.
“Castiel!”
“They are dead,” Cas says, “but with this, they’re alive. There was a world people cannot understand today. You have changed so much in so little time and yet it remains – you will always look at the world with wonder in your eyes.”
“Why yes, of course, that’s what took me so long!”
So that poses the question; does he stay here and wait, or does he leave? Should he come back tomorrow? Should he come back at all?
Sam gave him a side-eye. “Maybe, but you know it’s true.”
“You could come with us, Dean. I don’t want to leave you here alone.”
He turned back to the candle. That thing wasn’t going to stop him from achieving his goal. He flicked his hand at the wick again, and willed it to burn.
She’s important to Sam.
“So, will you tell me now where Cas is?”
Her voice is soft. Dean likes the sound of it. Lisa is an incredible good person, way too good for him. He nods at her request.
Amidst the stars, I am lost.
It didn’t take that long for Rowena to show up, again looking all sparkly. It was a red dress today. “Are you ready, Samuel?” Sam nodded. He actually felt ready and he was going to ace this exam.
Then the bird attacked him again, quite literally forcing Dean to get up. He really hated that stupid parrot. Fine. Fucking
“I didn’t feel any magic from him – he used your magic to light the flame, nothing more. And yet – again, there is something about this boy and I intend to find out what exactly it is. We might want to keep him around, don’t we?”
“Here,” Edgar chirped from the table. “Edgar find Cas.”
Dean looks at Jack’s hands. A soul. He doesn’t know what that means for Cas but if Jack is so sure it’ll save him... why shouldn’t they try?
Miracle miracles herself into the bedroom and sniffs at Cas extensively. Cas doesn’t react to her but Dean smiles at the dog. He isn’t even sure if Cas knows that there’s a dog here. Miracle clearly doesn’t know what to make of the strange new man yet and Dean can’t blame her.
The fire didn’t spread to the other patches. It stayed exactly the way it was, trapping them inside. He hadn’t given Cas that much magic, had he? He’d given him enough for one blade, didn’t he? “How?”
For Cas.
Sam shook his head: “There’s nothing to forgive, Cas.”
Fuck yeah, he did. But – he wasn’t sure if his idea would lead them anywhere. And he also didn’t know if Cas could hold out for that long. Either they got to save Cas as soon as possible if Edgar’s hunch was right or they would lose valuable time. He gulped and looked at Edgar. The bird returned his stare from the map.
“Hey, Jack,” Dean says, looking out the window. He’s put Cas into bed and is sitting next to him. The soft breathing behind him calms Dean and he wouldn’t move away from it for the world.
“The mortality rate was exorbitant. Once you got addicted to it the chance of you dying from withdrawal was incredible. And the withdrawal process was immensely small, too. People showed signs of withdrawal in about seven hours after their last intake. Not to mention that the effects of the drugs would usually last for about three hours total, so that would make about four hours before you’d need the next shot. People were dying left and right and nobody knew what to do against it. Drug lords don’t
. Oh dear, he really didn’t need to know that. Was Dean at work? Did he take his break? Maybe he didn’t want to know. He probably
“We’ll find her,” he says. He has hope. He has faith. He has Castiel in his heart.
“Yes yes, please, please,
Naturally, she had claimed the best available bed. Dean wasn’t sure if she had really been sleeping, though. He wasn’t risking his balls to find out.
You just have to get there. You can do it. You can do it. It’s okay. It’s okay. It has to be okay. You’ve got no other choice. It’s okay. It’s okay.”
“But,” the guy continues without waiting for Dean’s response, “if you want, I can watch over you. If I protect you, you can sleep soundly.”
Dean tried so hard not to touch himself. He was vibrating and he bit his lip just so he wouldn’t moan the way he wanted to.
Sam waited, but she never finished her thought. Sam looked down at the flower in his hand. Somehow, it felt like the flower was looking back at him, unravelling him in his inner core.
At the end, Cas’ voice breaks. Dean’s heart breaks too.
I always wanted to make you feel safe. I always wanted to be the guy you could trust in. I wanted you to call me, I wanted you to need me. I
“Dean, come on. I don’t know when you have to start working, but I need to open up my shop soon.”
There is a loud, and yet muffled sound and Dean points his gun at it. He looks over to Sam who just nods and Dean takes the lead. There. He can see it, nestled against the wall. It’s a blob that looks vaguely human-shaped. Its hand is outstretched but the arm is shaking and the thing looks like it’s covered in goo.
“Oh Castiel, I’m so glad you could join our little talk in the kitchen. I and the bird were just getting started.”
He slowly shook his head, not quite sure on how to answer. She rolled her eyes and sat herself down on a chair, perfectly postured, naturally.
Dean swallowed. He looked down, at his very eager friend. It almost hurt to look at it. But, describe it? How should he do that? “It – it’s hard. It’s, uh... bobbing. T – there’s uhm, pre-cum at the top.”
A month later, it’s not better. Dean only functions whenever Miracle forces him to. It’s been a while since Cas woke up to puke. Dean tries not to dwell on it. He spends his days laying in bed next to Cas, staring at a wall in silence. The only sound is Cas’ shallow breathing and Dean doesn’t know what to do.
“Oh, is that so? You really think you can do that, Dean?”
“Do it now. Release the light, right into my heart, and kill me. Look me in the eyes, and do it. I won’t ask again.”
They walked for a while until the building came into better view. From their standpoint they couldn’t really see anyone. Dean wondered if there were any guards at all. If there were, they’d be some outside right? He
Maybe you can steal a blanket. But no. This is the hospital. You can’t steal from them. How dare you even think that?
For the longest time, scientists couldn’t figure out what the drug was made of. It was a bunch of substances that shouldn’t be this deadly and one ingredient they couldn’t figure out. They ran every test to figure out what it was, but they reached a dead end with everything. Something needed to happen because the dying needed to stop.”
Magic, like breathing, was part of the world. For as long as people remembered, it was part of humanity. It was not a skill that could be learned; magic was something you were born with. There was no changing what you could do either – if you were born with the power of fire, you would possess the power of fire and nothing else.
Well, at least it was nice to see the bird cared about Cas at least.
That was Sam’s voice. Castiel just nodded. He wasn’t completely there, yet, but it wouldn’t take that much time to recover. “What’s that in these tanks?” Dean wanted to know. Castiel turned his head a little.
After all, that’s what Dad’s always said.
“You look very dashing, Dean!”
Dean smiled. He looked over to the owner of the voice – Castiel, the owner of
“Dean, you’re not helping anyone by refusing to eat! Just one bite, please?”
“Cas,” he says. “Cas, I’ve missed you so much. Please. Please, be real.”
Dean nodded and sat down on the blanket he brought. He didn’t have a real picnic-one, so this old thing would have to do. The basket he’d burrowed from some old lady with the promise of helping her with her network cable. Castiel sat down next to him and beamed. Damn, he was too pretty.
“I’m gonna fix this, Cas, you just wait and see.”
No. No, Dean couldn’t believe that. They must’ve had a back-up plan. Yes. That was the only explanation as to why Dad agreed to that.
The final exam was being held in a somewhat small room. Sam was sure that it was someone’s office. The two men sitting there were smiling at him and Sam tried really hard not to start getting nervous now. He could do this. He’d ace that exam and he wouldn’t let anyone down.
“They couldn’t figure out how I came back to life.
It’s surprisingly easy to break into the morgue. Apparently they don’t really guard their dead and well – your kid being God probably helps too. Dean gets an uneasy feeling in this place. Cas is in one of these, dead. His hands start shaking again. But he has to pull through. For Cas.
Jack shook his head. “You can’t just give me a name. Can you?”
If you were brave enough, you would say that.
“Cas,” Charlie rushes over to them. Cas blinks up at her, tilting his head.
“Hello,” a deep voice tears Dean out of his thoughts. It sounds familiar.
Rowena picked him up from the table. “My, you sure aren’t what you seem to be, are you now?”
“So tell me,” he says and you do.
Edgar flew back to his designated spot and snuggled back into himself. “Yes. I was wondering if you’d accompany me? Normally, I’d ask Rowena but she’s busy today. I need to practice magic and I kind of want someone to watch, you know?”
“I see. Do you want me to?”
“Where do we go?” Sam asks and Dean doesn’t know how to answer.
Dean sits down on the bench again and waits. There are more joggers here today, but maybe that’s because it’s earlier than yesterday. Dean doesn’t really care anyway.
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat and sat up. “Hey, Cas.”
Dean turned around and saw Cas scowling at his pet. Edgar didn’t seem to notice, as he was busy with the nut in his claw. “Hey, Cas,” Dean whispered.
“Cas,” he says again and puts his hand on Goo’s face. “I’m here, baby. Tell me how to help you. Please. I need you back, Cas. I can’t – I’ve tried. Cas, I’ve tried to do it without you and I’m
Right?
Edgar cawed happily, wiggled himself out of Castiel’s grip and ducked his head into the coffee. What a strange bird.
“Go sit in the chair.”
Dean looked at him. He didn’t understand, not really. And he supposed that Castiel didn’t understand it completely, either. “So, every time I talked about wanting to fuck you... or you fucking me...”
Dean nodded, before rasping out a “yes.”
now or what? Seriously, that shit was ridiculous.
want your penis in my ass?”
He had eaten some food, he’s had rest, and his legs shouldn’t shake. His hands, too. Everything, really. His whole body was shaking.
No TV, no real bed and no way to get real food. Dean just couldn’t understand. Maybe he got tired of luxury life after a while? Could you even get tired of luxury? He couldn’t imagine.
“The one that’s being possessed!”
And he was tired, so fucking tired of hammering around like he was trapped in a rodent cage, twirling on a wheel for other’s delight. He wanted to scream, to crash and to burn. He wanted to go upstairs and demand his Cas back, with bloody knuckles and an Angel blade in hand.
Jack didn’t reply immediately, he remained in a seeming state of frozen, but before Dean could over analyse whatever he had done wrong, the kid had thrown his hands over his shoulders, burying himself in a hug that Dean reciprocated wholeheartedly.
But that was in the past, luckily for their family. Now, he didn’t need to bottle every complaint and tear and scream, and he could actually talk about what was bothering him, or making him anxious, or whatever, without having to worry about being mocked and ridiculed for being a pansy, and without having to seek refuge into killing things and punching things and chasing bottles and mindless pleasures that left him emptier than before.
wear flannels, they are staples in our wardrobes! Are you trying to say that all hunters are queer? ‘Cause I know I’m not. By the way, if any LGBTQ+ hunters don’t want me to wear flannels, just tell me, I’ll stop, I understand. What? No, Claire, I am straight. That’s not up for debate, I think I’d know. Gabriel, shut up!
His only regret was leaving his little brother behind, after all of those years when he had to be both Father and Mother to him. But, at least, he knew that he wasn’t alone.
"Are you kidding me?! I'm a hunter." he said proudly, "I've seen several of those at different stages. Plus some other pretty disgusting stuff as well."
He shook his head with a small tug on his lips, before continuing, a grave tone in his voice: "Listen Cas. This is a quiet small town in the Midwest. People aren't exactly fond of new and change."
“Fine, the kids had fun and that’s all that matters,” he answered honestly, walking back to lean against the closed hood of the Impala and bringing his husband with him, their hands linked.
Okay, so. I love you both equally. I’m super happy that you two got married, although I already thought you two were married ‘cause you are the dictionary description of a married couple. I loved being the ring bearer and I’m glad we didn’t end up like in
before they got back so they could talk about it at dinner. And he had then added something along the lines of
“I mean. You’ll be gone now or…” he asked sheepishly, unable to hold Castiel’s gaze as another rush of blood coloured his cheeks.
He could not finish the sentence. His phone rang up and began vibrating his pocket and he picked it up immediately. He had been slow to answer a call once and his father was not pleased about it. He tried to not be slow, not even during hunts: a monster could wait, John Winchester simply couldn't.
