“It’s an hour to the battle ground.” Dean protested but was already running towards the exit and pressing the button to get into the elevator taking him to the upper levels. “Until we reach them it might already be too late.”
There was a moment of silence where Dean finally allowed himself to be creeped out by Jimmy’s changed behavior, his still figure, his gaze following him through the mirror, his lack of resistance to being imprisoned. He seemed glad to see Dean enter the room but only in a subdued, hardly noticeable way. There was the hint of a smile on his lips. Dean gulped, trying to swallow the feeling of wrongness sitting heavy in his throat. The intense focus made the hair on his neck stand on end.
Dean did not speak. Castiel did not seem done contemplating his new existence. He seemed caught up in his train of thought. Dean let him, if only to hear what the supposed Angel would have to tell him.
“The signature,” Jimmy pointed at Charlie’s simulation, that had been looping back to the beginning. His hand was shaking. “You will need the signature of a living angel with you, if you want to enter the Breach or you will not be able to get through.”
“Your run with James Novak seemed promising and he has a great simulator score.” Sam reminded him as he had done all week. He opened the file and Dean could see the mirrored image of picture and file on the see-through pad.
Dean was almost tempted to stop Mag from leaving, so he would have a distraction to gloss over how desturbed his dream had left him. But as he watched the nurse leave the room, he noticed Eileen waiting close to the door. She stepped next to Sammy and waved at him. Dean knew she was a godsend: The perfect distraction.
“You can’t, dear.” Rowena stopped the girl from rushing to the window after she spotted her father’s patiently sitting figure. “Your dad is very ill. He needs treatment.”
Dean gave a shocked gasp. The bizarre urge to get closer fell away. Instead, he wanted to lash out. Dean closed the distance and shoved the Angel away. “What the fuck do you know.”
“Like after that night you found the crate of absinthe in your great-grandfather’s prohibition hideaway.” Dean tried for nonchalance and was happy they all responded well. “So, what’s new?”
“I’m starting to understand the logic of your human emotion.” Castiel soldiered on. Like before he tilted his head and studied Dean’s reactions. “I think feelings I could learn to emulate” he corrected, “maybe even experience.”
I also thought it would be a great idea to reenact the whole Jimmy/Castiel possessing situation in this kind of set up (neuronal rather than magical). Most of you will have figured this twist out much earlier and I hope it did not diminish your fun in reading it.
Dean nodded, eyes still closed and trying to remember. He knew of the double event near the coast of Japan and how he and Jimmy had connected the first time when entering the Drift. While waiting to be delivered to the scene, there had been plenty of time to be exposed to each other’s thoughts. In a way it had been a blessing. Dean’s prevailing reluctance would have been a terrible state to enter a fight in. Learning more about Jimmy, his past, his family and the grief that underlay everything he did, had softened Dean towards him. Jimmy’s wish to be a Jaeger pilot came from the hope to not just make sure his daughter would be saved temporarily but permanently. Dean could respect that. Jimmy on the other hand could see how his reckless behavior might influence his daughter Clair in the long run. He was thankful for that too. But the decision had already been made for them. Jimmy Novak and Dean Winchester would be a Jaeger team for the foreseeable future.
The alerts in the control room blared once again, as some of the screens switched to a different mode. Dean was on his legs now, hardly believing what he saw.
He found himself lying in the same hospital bed as before. They probably did not even have to change the bedding. Sam was holding his shoulders, looking down at him in concern. Dean must have struggled in his sleep. His head was again engulfed in a casing attached to cables. Dean let up when he recognized the panic in his brother’s eyes and realized his hands were gripping Sammy’s shoulders painfully. With a resigned sigh he fell back into his pillow. To the other side of the bed a nurse was standing up after having crouched over him to help Sam push him down. Jimmy’s bed was empty.
“No promises.” She crossed her arms in disapproval, but her smile signaled she knew as well as he, that she could not stop him from slipping away. “And you better be back for your checkup.”
Jimmy did not answer, instead he tilted his head and squinted his eyes at the younger brother, acknowledging his existence for the first time since he woke up. “Sam Winchester.”
Dean nodded but could not say more. He was concerned about the numbness he felt over the death of somebody so young. Kevin had been a good kid, smart, a great Jaeger pilot. When had it become normal for him to lose a friend this way? After what they had witnessed from the fight before their arrival, it seemed a miracle either one of them was still alive. Linda would be devastated. She did not just lose her only son, but she had to be inside his head while he died. Jaeger pilots had gone insane from less; Dean certainly had for a while after witnessing Cassie’s agony. God, he was tired.
When he caught Sam’s expression slipping into bitch face territory, Dean knew his younger brother was about to take a jab at John and their own childhood. He sent Sam a warning glare. Dean did not need anyone pointing out the parallels. He had barely started acknowledging that particular facet of his trauma. If paired with Jimmy Novak, the man would remind him of it every time he invaded Dean’s mind.
Finally freed of all the machinery Dean got up and was glad to notice he would be able to walk. He looked down at the hospital dress. “Did you bring me some clothes? Let’s go and check in with the geeks.”
She was sitting in front of a row of monitors depicting Jimmy lined along a large window. It was a mirror on Jimmy’s site, on theirs it was another way of keeping an eye on him. Rowena was studying CT scans of what no doubt had to be Jimmy’s, made while Dean had been out. When Dean saw the other pilot sitting on the small cot Jimmy suddenly stopped all signs of movement. Dean’s greeting for Rowena was stuck in his throat when he noticed that Jimmy once again turned his head and looked straight at him. It was as if he knew Dean was there, but that seemed impossible.
It's quite late and I should probably re-read this some more, but it is done and I want it out there! I will go over it again some other time. Have fun!
“Another?” Rufus was hardly audible over the noise of Angel screams interfering with their systems. In twenty-four years of fighting Angels there had never been more than one sighting at a time.
“So, you’re like a freak-hybrid now?” This too stumbled out of Dean before he could stop himself. Throwing the accusation seemed easier than actually considering calling Jimmy by the name of the Angel. As soon as he would do that, he would have to acknowledge that he shared in the delusion. On the other hand, talking to Jimmy now, did not exactly feel like talking to the man he had been drifting with not long ago. The urge to use ‘Castiel’ as an alternative seemed to come easy. Didn’t people with split personalities get the courtesy of being named after the person currently on the wheel?
And just like that, Dean felt the shift in his mind as Eileen joined, completing the circle. Now everyone he cared about was alive and together at the same time. He subconsciously touched Benny’s dog tags under his shirt and vowed that they were going to stay that way, no matter what. Dean finally felt Cas relax at his side, and he howled with joy.
Over the next couple of weeks, a truce formed. Cpl Winchester and WO Novak worked extremely well together in the field but barely spoke to each other on base. Dean and Castiel, on the other hand, would spend their wolf hours running side by side, play fighting, or napping wrapped around each other. The first time Charlie had run with them she’d cornered Dean afterwards, arguing that if he was going to treat Castiel like Pack out there, then he should treat him like Pack in here. He’d shouted back at her that Novak wasn’t Pack, would never be Pack, but had begrudgingly allowed the other Were to put his bunk back into their barracks. He was pretty sure that was the opposite of what Charlie had in mind, but it was done now.
Dean was at odds with himself about letting Jo take point. The closer they got to Cas, the more he felt the urge to shift and run to him. But with her in the lead, they kept moving at a reasonable pace, kept a close eye on their ‘guide’ and were able to look out for the encroaching military presence.
“You stalking me, Alpha?”  Dean snarled. Who even was this jackass? Calling the Dive ‘The Divulgence’ like he’d been reading from a goddamn history book.
Dean tried not to collapse back in relief onto the wall behind him as the weight of Castiel’s gaze left him. He turned to glare at Gabriel as well. Cockblocking asshole.
“Good. I want him alive,” his father had said, glancing again at whatever Novak was doing on the other side of the wall. “Oh, and here are the Dog’s tags.” He had said dismissively, tossing Benny’s remaining dog tag at Dean before he had turned and walked away. Dean had snatched the dog tag out of the air and held it to his chest until the door had closed behind Major Winchester. Dean had heard a lot of sick jokes, but that one had been particularly vile. No respect, not even in death.
“So we treat it like a mission. We do reconnaissance on this place tonight and see what Lucifer has for us tomorrow. He seemed pretty confident that he could get Charlie, so let’s assume she’s back on base. We can’t grab her without Sam and Eileen already being in the wind or it will put her in more danger.”
This time Sam does see it clearly- the blue glow in the veins that poke out from his collar, his steps are slow as his eyes stay glued on his neck- a strange obsidian throbbing that seems to be shaking his whole being, but he couldn’t stop this- any of this.
Dean was carrying two larger bags similar to Sam’s, and the items inside them seemed relatively more valuable and heavier. Sam blew some of the hair from his eyes and sighed as he walked on behind, Dean heard his melancholic breath and twisted his head around to speak.
?!” Castiel pulls on the ends of his coat from the frustration-his mouth agape and his eyes glistening from the tears that stream over his panting face. He looks at Dean defeated, barely holding on.
“Yikes- we could barely handle one the last time. I don’t know about this-” you speak with hesitation; you were still going to do it anyways but them being in groups was a scary thought.
He was wearing a white t shirt and pajama bottoms, his trench coat being the masterpiece of it all. These were the clothes he got back from the community center-he didn’t think it mattered at first but he clearly looked like he escaped from a mental asylum. His own naivety shocked him sometimes.
“Sam?” Dean mumbled as he felt his closed eyes twitch from the sudden gasp he took. Castiel instantly reacted to his voice and he drew in closer to his face “Dean, you need to wake up”. Dean’s eyes fluttered clumsily as he tried to focus on Castiel’s face but his vision was still slightly blurry. Tears welled up in his eyes and Castiel saw a tear drop fall before Dean was conscious once more “Castiel? What the hell happened?” Dean mumbled as he went into full soldier mode.
“The nerve of this guy! He breaks the whole fucking world and he still can’t look me in the eye! Can you at least show that you care? That even with your so called ‘mission erase’ you still ended up with who?”
We stood outside an abandoned warehouse, it's name faded away from it's walls and only smudges of red and green paint existed.
“Everybody okay?” Dean speaks as Sam gets up and starts dusting his jeans with Crowley doing the same-even in the darkness Dean could sense his bitterness through his mumbles.
The Ijiraq stares at Sam with disgust, even with the lack of movement and expressions on it’s skull you could sense the disillusion upon it. It throws him away, his back bangs on the stained concrete wall and falls onto Dean. They topple over one another and fall like dolls upon ground, their eyes as lifeless and murky beyond repair
Toby watches and waited and conveys insults through his eyes but Sam didn’t budge; until finally Toby kneeled and rummaged through the other collectibles, shutting up completely.
I sat at my usual seat, at the back of the class near the windows. It was my haven, it wasn't much but I found it much more comfortable than by sitting in the front where I would always be highlighted. The rain was starting to get rough today even though it was just 3 in the afternoon, I don't know how I was to survive a three hour class and then walk home in this godforsaken weather.
I sat there in silence, even my wingless friend didn't bother to say a word as I stared at him. I couldn't understand him, what the hell was he thinking? Damn it Cas say something already.
“Yes, Sam. Because I don’t see any other way for us to know for sure, especially the bit about the whale in the riddle”
Ever since the Collapse there was no trace of the world they knew, nothing was left beyond the one they walked on. It had been six years since it happened but somehow Dean couldn't grasp it, even now. He understood the tragedy of it all-the noise, the shouts, the never ending list of traumas added onto their bleak existence- all of it was text book for them at this point.
“I think I see the gift shop up there” Crowley shields his eyes as his nervous chuckle lingers in the wind- Sam closes in on you and Castiel and lightly pokes you from the side “Now I’m asking again- are we really sure about this?” he whispers in your ear as you try to calm yourself by steadying your breaths- you hate to admit it but you were kind of excited too.
His eyes were soaked by his own tears, but he wasn't a complete wreck like I was. His eyes were fixated on mine and he stayed like that without hesitation, even I never took my eyes off of him. We stared at each other for several minutes, not understanding what to do after the mess i had created. The calm color of blue made me feel safe and wanted, I never thought I could feel that way again, but then again I never thought I'd see Cas again.
The sky looms above you, an assortment of greys and hues of black, all so similar but so different. The clouds were darkening and an assortment of lightning strikes gallivanted within it, of dull blues and yellow static. Only a fraction of the building was present in this location, so dead and preserved with every grain of sand lifeless, the winds blew us in every direction, making it hard for us to stay together. You twist your arms and keep your out of control trench coat in line.
“So? A lot of people decapitate things- it’s kind of the first option when something is hunting you”
"I let those poor bastards go, the rain was going nuts out there. And I think you should leave too so.." He wandered off. I nodded my head and turned to leave but I was stopped. Dean wanted to say something so I was waiting for him to spit it out. "Cas, listen. I know about your grades and shit. I know its difficult managing these responsibilities and I just want to help you out" he claimed. Oh God not another sympathy speech.
Dean’s head is buzzing from the nightmare, an empty chasm appearing and disappearing from his chest even as the dull daylight is pouring into his skin. He shelters his eyes from the light and walks in a brisk motion towards the campfire. Stones of various shapes were placed around it and a large one beckons him to sit, it was closest to the crock pot that steamed away in the middle.
The footsteps get closer, more shuffling and weapons treading towards them, Sam holds back his tears as he grabs Crowley by the neck, he closes his eyes and starts to find some connection as well- something that could tear them away from all of this.
“I wish to know what it is you want to do with us! Why drag us here if you could’ve just ended things earlier? Why make them suffer in a way I do not understand? PLEASE LET THEM GO!”
“We’re still up south, just farther away from the camp- I had to stop for gas a couple of times but we’re getting…somewhere” Sam ponders over his last words as he takes the ladle from Dean, he notices his shaky hands and asks about it through his eyes.
He darts towards the other end of the room, his arms spread ahead of him as his leap lands with a loud thud, but he manages to roll over and be on his feet once more- making sure he’s conjured up his weapon as he did so.
“Heh, yeah I guess you can say that” Sam twitches as he brushes his finger through his hair and glances at his watch.
“Hey listen. I’ll be heading out for a few hours-some of the stuff in the pantry is expired and I need to go get some more-I can see that you’re moving from the tracker so I assume you’ll be back pretty soon. So…call me back when you get this and I’ll keep you updated. Bye” he clicks it off and walks away towards the staircase, his heart a little settled as he leaves the bunker with a faint sliver of hope rising at the back of his mind.
“No! Not this time!” You pull the two of them towards you, holding both of their motionless bodies until you couldn’t, Sam was the first to topple and you lose your balance trying to keep an unconscious Dean stable. The three of you fall down towards the lower level of sand until it was more stone than clay, you hit the back of your head with a snap, the bulging bruise was slowly spreading to your forehead but you find it endurable. Sam’s feet are a few inches away from your head while Dean’s body lays beside his- you place a shaky hand on the throbbing and you manage to stand, even with the excessive lethargy from the fall. You take a few steps near their bodies and manage look up, making sure you stood perfectly between them.
“Ours?” Sam adds in as he stands between Castiel and Dean “We know that you and your friends can be dealt with, you want us to test that theory?”
“Tsk. After all the time I invested in finding you…” he groans from the irritation collecting in his throat “Can’t you deal with your angst at a later time? With them in particular?”
“You’re not broken Cas, okay? You can push us away and grind yourself to the bone trying to fix things but man… you just gotta know when to stop, okay?” he pats the back of your head slowly as you bury your face in his endless layers of plaid “We’re a couple of old geezers still confused over which path to take or not- but we made it out, okay? We always did and you always did too” he pulls you away and cradles your face slowly, the reddening in your cheeks and your eyes slowly subsiding as he did “So what if you got lost along the way? In the end you found your way back to me, didn’t you? I could never keep you away, could I?” He chuckles with his manly laugh, you want to smile but for some reason you are unable to “We’re family, remember? We accept and we fight through it- pre or post apocalypse, okay? Am I getting through to you?”
, he saw a side of him that he wasn’t fortunate enough to see under normal circumstances. There was just something about him that...
Castiel slowly loosens his grasp on their wrists, so tiny they were in his hands! The child stood dumbfounded in front of him, they had to strain their neck just to look up at him. Cas stared back at them with the same intensity, they had the curliest brown hair trembling over their forehead, their golden brown skin was covered in dust and several scar marks were visible on their face and forearms, he felt pity as he looked at their withered and torn clothes and bare feet.
"Damn it Cas what the hell are you doing out here? Why aren't you at home?" He yelled at me. He looked terrified, I mean why wouldn't he be? I was acting like a creepy stalker who stood outside his apartment building, which was EXACTLY how I was acting.
"What's the date today?" Dean speaks out of nowhere and begins recollecting his thoughts. Castiel retraces the dates in his head  and adds them up to today. The day they left the city was the 1st of January and its been almost a week since that incident...
But then he thought… what if this is just temporary? What if his powers will run out soon? Would he be able to save them if he kept using it like this?
I went into the kitchen and covered my mouth; my face felt hot and greasy, seeing how oblivious he was made me angry.
Bobby stands behind him with his arm laced around Dean’s elbow; he was holding his tears back and gently brushing his thumb upon it- he was distraught and watching them speak to each other like this was taking the life out of him- even if he was trying his best to hide it behind his cap. Dean’s lip quivers but he looks down at his feet in shock- every word of Sam’s hit him differently- almost as if it’s a stranger clamoring in his direction, he felt like he was about to faint. He feels another hand on his left shoulder- he looks up and sees Sam towering above him smiling pensively, Dean didn’t know what else he could say- the only voice of Sam he had in his head was gentle, so much more infantile than the one who speaks now “In the end you’ll always be the one I’d want to turn to when the time comes, if you didn’t understand then- then I can be grateful that you understand now and that its never too late- especially for people like us. I don’t blame you; none of us blame you Dean. And none of us can blame Cas for what he did- for us. Even with everything we never gave up on each other, we never gave up fighting- and he’s not going to give up either- you just need to trust him to find you again, just like us” He gives the sweetest look, his honeyed grin almost able to melt his hesitant heart.
“What if I told you that…I saw us but different versions of us? And each one of them didn’t see something worth saving or they basically couldn’t save each other, having almost no control over the circumstance”
Sam and I were resting that night, I can't remember why we were in the impala so late-a stakeout? just a random night out? It's all blurry to me now. I cant tell you how many nights we spent in that damn car and how empty it feels without her-I'll tell you about our stories with her if I ever get the chance again. I remember being half asleep when I heard a strange ringing in my ear, the kind that vibrated throughout your whole body. It messed up my frequency and I was dizzy seconds after I woke up. Sam was screaming but...I couldn't hear a word he was saying. He pulled me out of the car and carried me behind into the woods, he kept falling trying to support me. He started shaking me like crazy; he was saying something I only understood partially. But once he stopped and started looking at something in the other direction I followed his gaze too. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing”
He claws his way out from his grasp and starts running, running towards those specks that still linger in his view, towards those eyes that beckon him to try once more. Dean feels his arms lace around him as he buries his face in his shoulders, so warm are the wings that shelter him from the whitened abyss. He hears Sam and Crowley shout towards them but he feels compelled to stay, he feels buried within his soul, his grace, completely made anew by the hands that trace his back.
You look at the dissipating smoke, a strange echo arising and then fading shortly after. The black veins screech and slowly shrink inside themselves, the black bulbs still ominous and unnerving.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean? Sam is in there right now and I have no idea how to bring him back and for some reason those things were drawn to you, as unconscious as you were they were drawn to you”
“Cas, what the hell is it?” You call out to him in a hushed tone with Sam sharing the same sentiments, his teeth gritted and his locks falling onto his forehead as he watches Castiel.
“Well…something inside of me changed. I saw it as a way out, I mean there I was watching us go insane over each other, meeting and losing each other in innumerable ways and…I took it as a sign-as something I could fix, something that could save us both. And I never realized how
Bobby looks at him, a dainty look even for him; Dean could only hear his heartbeat thumping through his eardrums and his throat, even after everything he said he still felt an uneasy weight pushing him down. “I know I haven’t been around- and for a very long time. I wish I could’ve been there when all of this got worse but even with me gone I feel as though you’ve always been this way- in one way or another because of…”
“If I can’t control myself then at least you could stop me” He laughs coyly, never breaking eye contact “It’s just… you never know, right?” Dean swallows and speaks slowly while he guides you towards the staircase “I know it isn’t that horrible of a case we’re dealing with but…" something makes him stop and his tone changes drastically "I’ll just see you outside in the car, okay?” Dean fumbles as he scratches the back of his head. He releases your hand and moves farther away and you place it to your side, as if defeated
Sam crosses his arms and took a few steps back until he hits the wall unexpectedly, he starts shaking his head as he keeps blinking. Crowley scratches his trimmed beard agitatedly, he builds up the courage to ask the mad man why, until Sam spoke up himself.
“No, no! That’s not it! I was going to accompany you but since you guys ended up getting to know each other all over gain so I thought it would be easier for you to pull some information...”
“Dean…this is too dangerous, these emotions and these…I can’t do that to you. It’s unfair and cruel and ...”
-you’re one of the most flawed human beings I’ve ever met but even so you’re so capable of good and so worthy of…
“Sam, hey I know this isn’t anything new for us but once we reach the market we’ll be able to trade in for something good. Just think...something that could make this shithole somewhat better” He grinned as he pulled onto the strap of his bag over his shoulder.
“Its okay, Dean” Sam laces his arms around my shoulders and across my chest, he stalls any form of movement and I feel paralyzed “Just take a deep breath”
Dean used up all of his strength he had so willingly managed to save up these past few days into that one push from the floor and marched heavy footed towards the floating figure, each step felt like an agonized tear in his muscles but he refused to be brought down any longer.
“I mean… We got attacked by.. and he told me to leave him behind… How did he even manage all of this?” Sam stood up, his hands huddled under his armpits and his face frozen on a frown.
His forgotten phone buzzes in the dirt with a familiar name flashing on the screen, the vibration subsides as the world starts anew. Sunlight lingers upon the dusty screen as the call kept reappearing.
The thought pissed him off, he was confused-he was so close to finding him and then he vanishes the last second. There was no exit from there unless he did take the bus-which he didn’t according to the woman who was raving about seeing him turn into a nuke.
“Yeesh, even for the king of hell that place has issues” Crowley shivers at the thought “It was fun but it got to you sometimes”
His favorite plastic bowls which had adorable cartoon characters on them. Castiel beamed over how smart he was.
"My apologies". I looked at him hoping that he wouldn't ask me anything, and that we would just go out for cheeseburgers or something.
“Well, you see- there’s this opportunity that has come about recently. And I know what you’re thinking, that it’s just another snatch and grab from some old sod or that we’re scamming someone again, being poachers and what not. You see, he’s actually looking for someone and he said he needs some-how you say? Guiding?”
“Say everything” Castiel pursues as he gazes into his green pools, completely forgetting the world around them for a moment “Anything, Dean. Even if it’s spiteful or complete crap. Just…say it” he smiles as he unconsciously takes another step closer and gazes at him with profound adoration-he could never hide these things well when it came to Dean.
“But, why did he go there… is what I’m trying to ask” indicated Castiel with a softness in his voice, he knew Dean wasn’t that much of a talker so he was cautious with the questions he asked; at least he thought he was.
“We’ve discussed it- After tagging you with a ward that will protect you from those creatures we’ll seek them out and trap one- my powers will contain it and we can get the details from it about the spell” Castiel shuffles and turns around as he speaks to the others, his glance shifting from you and Sam “It’s going to be tedious and the ward may not last very long due to the intensity of my powers but it should be enough to go by. All in all… we might be able to make this work and trap them for good this time” He looks at you and you look back with the same warmth.
Now all we hear are soft mumbles and moans-sometimes a few shouts and breaking objects but there’s always a silence after it all. A welcoming one-one filled with sadness and one filled with yearning-a yearning that’s requited and sometimes forgotten about completely. It’s mixed along with some loud guitar riffs strumming away and easing into the peace created within those walls. It collapses into the other sounds perfectly, no longer tangled and tethered.
We hear the engine burst into life in the dead, lifeless air as it drives away, leaving the barren trees far behind them.
“Damn it” you grunt and bring the car to a halt underneath a yellow spotlight “Where the fuck is-?” your head is low with the car humming underneath you.
Castiel stood up and walked towards the small pot he was brewing on the stove, Dean pushed himself up with the little strength he had. He finally comes to his senses and he notices the room around him. It's a cozy, slightly furnished living room. The windows were boarded up by worn out wood and the room consisted of a small torn up couch and a few withered house plants still drying up in their ceramic pots. A few steps from the room there lied the kitchen, the white tiles on the floor were getting brown from the edges and the countertops looked worn out regardless of how slightly used they looked. Castiel stood a few inches away in front of a basic white stove which was surprisingly functional.
“Heh…I’ve been meaning to give you this since…well, ever since we saw each other last. In the time before…”
He moves a dainty oily cloth in a criss-cross motion over his blades and guns, he's sucked into his movements and practices these habits like clockwork- regardless of the required duration for their maintenance. Dean watches the metal gleam in his slippery gloved hands, it almost looks too poetic- watching wisps of clouds be...well, wispy- him balancing himself on his wooden chair, wearing a loose fitted shirt with a plaid dress shirt flaying about his waist, to him this was the closest he's felt to home in the past few years- just him, his weapons and an old shack to live and breathe in where he could grow old and live his decrepit life to the fullest- he smiles at the thought and continues to wipe his blades, his hands excessively abated even for him.
“Le- let me save them, let me- me save- him” you whisper; your eyes were fluttering unconsciously, fighting every ounce of desire to faint- you struggled to get your words out let alone keep your eyes open, no matter how angry you were- no matter how desperate.
“Yes. Very” he pouts slightly as he places his fuzzy Dean on the floor and lets him explore every nook and cranny.
“I know I’m not your father, Dean- and you may never see me that way but you can’t blame yourself for everything- not for Sam, not for Castiel- not for any of those people you lost along the way. I know you have this condition where you want to save everyone every damn waking second of your life but sometimes you have to realize that you can’t, you just
“What the hell?!” I jolt by his strength and allow myself  be carried away, his hair blows effortlessly in the wind and for a moment it feels like we’re kids again-the adrenaline rush making the world around us buzz with zeal. He pushes the gate with his shoulder and both of you flinch from the rusty encounter and feel its screech rupture your eardrums, but it does bring a small smile on my face even if it lasts a few seconds.
He hears the music strum away in his ears and he breathes a sigh of relief to know he played it correctly. He hears the intensity of the drumming and the guitar riffs and finds himself shake his head unconsciously by the sound-music always seemed more fascinating when you closed your eyes to hear it-just limiting every other sense to fully experience it-this one thing that Dean had made for him. Castiel senses some shuffling on the bed and he opens his eyes slowly, only to find the same grinning idiot staring back at him, he never realized how much he missed his smile-how much he missed him in general-to be this frail in front of him was terrifying but Castiel wouldn’t trade it for anything.
My hands were on the door and Cas was trapped between my arms, his horror stricken face just staring at me. He looked vulnerable and confused as his back was against the wooden door, even I was shocked as to what I was doing.
Sam turns to take it from you and communicates with you through his eyes “You don’t want any?” he blinks and stares apprehensively. You shake your head and turn down the car window on your left, the children and bakeries were replaced by glimpses of worn out towns and massive pine trees; many woods pass on by as you stare.
The door opened, he had honestly forgotten someone had knocked a few seconds ago. Dean pops his head inside comically before he steps in slowly; he doesn’t acknowledge him and continues his packing.
It was a well-trod conversation between them, so Dean dropped it and lay down, grabbing his earbuds and phone on the way. Charlie had confirmed a couple of years back that it was the shots that kept all Weres in the military scent-free. She’d even found a schedule of when each group got their monthly injections. She’d said it had something to do with not giving away their ‘advantage’ to the enemy. But Dean wasn’t so sure.
“No. It’s called Google, and I look up everyone I meet. Something I was trained to do by my Omega-Dad, for good or ill, I suppose. I must admit I took a particular interest in you after you explained how you and Charlie lived. Impeccable military record except for one mark on your Page 11 during training, after which you were a model soldier. Despite that, you were bypassed for a promotion at least three times.”
Dean’s skin was burning, it felt tight and uncomfortable and the need for Cas to fill him again rose within him like an untamed beast. It felt like he was going into heat again. But that was impossible.
“I did you a great service,” he said with a nod, secure in his righteousness once again, before addressing all of the men again. “This subject is now closed, and this is the one and only time that we will speak of it, and if you bring it up to me again, you will join the Captain in his punishment. Do we understand each other?”
Some of the inhabitants smiled at them as they passed, while others purposefully didn’t make eye contact. Dean couldn’t figure out the difference between the two groups, as they all seemed to walk around freely, and none of them stank of fear. So far, they hadn’t found any evidence to suggest what Lucifer had told them wasn’t true.
“We are not meant to go through mating cycles that often. Our bodies regulate themselves three or four times a year and that’s it,” Ash was explaining when Sam tuned back in.
They took off barefoot toward the now decimated building. With any luck, this search and recover would yield them the bad guy. The two Weres would have been evenly matched had Dean’s balance not still been fucked by his damaged eardrum, but as it was, the other Were easily outpaced him and led the way through the rubble. Dean scowled but followed behind Novak as quickly and as quietly as he could. They came to a halt when they reached the pile of rubble that had previously housed the enemy.
“Damn, Sam. That’s wonderful!” Dean cheered as his brother spaced out thinking about his new mate, for that was certainly what Sam had just described. This woman would not be a fling. He was thrilled for Sam of course, but also sad, knowing that he’d never get to experience that life-altering moment, not while he was in the military at least. He would probably age out of the whole mating business or die long before the military ever let him go.
Dean and Cas exchanged another look. So much for keeping any information secret. Not that they really believed they’d make it out of here without one or both of them being revealed. Dean shrugged; Cas scowled.
“You should be proud you get to serve your country, Corporal Winchester. Not all of your kind are so lucky.”
“We need to free Charlie before she is locked up or shipped out. I expect you have been preparing for that in our absence?” Cas asked, looking back and forth between his brothers. There sure were a lot of Novaks in this room. Dean wrinkled his nose, but then again the ozone and lightning smell of danger wasn’t as strong as it was last time the three of them were together. Now the whiskey and leather scent was just as strong with both him and Cas producing it, along with their mixed Apple Orchard in the Rain smell.
Dean looked over at his father who was scowling at him from behind the bars. The man wasn’t used to being ignored, rank or no rank.
A number of military leaders were also prosecuted, but most got away with a dishonourable discharge due to their claims of ignorance and of ‘following orders’. There was a significant amount of speculation within the Were community over just how many managed to slip through the cracks completely unpunished, and a certain amount of vigilante justice certainly took place.
Gabriel threw his head back and laughed. “That’s exactly what you are! Cassie! I never imagined your…
evil, and Dean tentatively put him on the “to save” list in his brain. It had been years since he had been responsible for more than a couple of people, but here he was, already up to about a dozen people in his mind that he felt a desire to protect, Pack or not. Granted most of those were kids he had seen running around this place, that needed to be protected if this all went to hell in a handbasket, but Hannah had also made it on the list for Cas’s sake, while Gabriel was still a toss-up.
Hours later they finally had a moment’s peace from both of their systems and were separated long enough for Dean to stumble over to the entrance of the cave where food and water had magically appeared. It was telling that neither of them had noticed whoever had left it. He brought the food back to the nest of blankets and pillows where Cas now dozed. As much as he wanted to let Cas sleep, he knew that they had to take this opportunity to rehydrate and refuel. Dean brushed his fingers through Cas’s hair and placed a kiss on his forehead. He really enjoyed just how quickly Cas’s hair was growing, and couldn’t wait to see it long and full and wild.
Dean and Cas locked eyes for a minute before Cas nodded and stepped back out of Ash’s way. Dean rolled up his sleeve and exposed his arm to the other Omega when he motioned for it. “Promise me you’re not going to give me any more of that stupid drug, yeah?”
On the fourth day after Benny’s death, Dean, Charlie and Novak were finally sent out into the field to try and catch the Were that had attacked.
Once they had taken a seat, the guards moved back to stand unobtrusively near the entrance of the lab.
Dean, Benny and Charlie sat down at a table in the Mess, their trays clattering on the hard surface.
“Hey! I saw that. I know these are shitty cameras but what are you hiding?” Dean wheedled his brother. “Did you meet someone?”
Sam blinked for a moment before he grabbed his pre-packed duffle bag and held out his hand for Eileen, she grabbed her bag and they faced the floating head in the wall together.
After the results of their tests had come back positive, and the subsequent government payout for their involuntary sterilization, Dean and Cas had bought a big house, surrounded by acres of open land for the Pack to live on and to run free. Civilian life was proving to be a hard adjustment to make, but they were working on it every day. Ash, Sam and Eileen kept busy fighting the good fight on the front lines of the Were Rights movement, whereas Jo, Charlie and Dean were taking a little longer to find their place in the new world. They were soldiers in a war no longer fought on a battlefield and it was taking them more time to adjust. Although, Dean had a sneaking suspicion Charlie had taken up the cause through corporate hacking and espionage and just hadn’t told them yet.
Dean finally collapsed onto his bunk and sighed. Sammy. Everything always came back to Sammy. If it hadn’t been for his brother, Dean would have defected years ago, but he knew he would never trade his freedom for Sam’s life. Not ever. And he was under no illusions of how quickly Sam would be shipped out here to die the second Dean stepped away. In fact, one of his early COs had confirmed it to his face one day when Dean was really having problems following someone else’s orders. He’d been a better soldier after that. That is, up until today.
“Oh.” Cas chewed thoughtfully before swallowing. “Well I think they are doing a fairly adequate job guarding us so I’m not sure if it’s relevant.”
Without trouble, Sam and Eileen boarded the private plane and were whisked off to some unknown destination. It was the only lead they had to Dean, and they were going to see it through, regardless of where it landed them, literally or figuratively.
Eileen grinned up at him as if she hadn’t just helped to break his arm again. “Yup, but now it will heal correctly. After you, fearless leader.”
“Hi! I’m Private First Class Charlie Bradbury. And you’re Private First Class Dean Winchester! Nice to meet you.”
“You heard Cas, people, let’s move!” Dean stated, and tore off the blanket still draped across his shoulders. Ash squawked as the blanket hit him.
“Shhhh,” Cas said against his mouth before kissing Dean again, his tongue sliding along Dean’s lips, requesting access. Dean quickly opened his mouth, eager to taste Cas once again. Despite what they had been through, Cas was still as intoxicating as the first time they had kissed. They kissed leisurely for a while, giving and seeking comfort in each other’s arms.
“Dean, she’s alive but unconscious.” Cas’s voice came from behind him. “Looks like they are keeping her sedated.”
Dean watched his Packmates head off down the pathway, and realized he was comforted knowing that they were going just outside of view instead of off to find food. He didn’t want to be separated from them ever again. That would go for Sam too when he got here. If he got here. Dean pushed that thought out of his mind. First things first—John.
Charlie continued talking but Sam’s ears had filled with white noise at the sound of his father’s name. John was here? With all of these Weres? She said his cell. Was he a prisoner? For how long had that been true? Had Dean come to save their father and that’s how he had been captured? Or had Dean been the one to hand John over to them in the first place? Sam’s mind swam with the possibilities. No, he decided, Dean wouldn’t have put their father in this much danger had there been no other option. Regardless of the man John was, Dean was a good person and he would not have done that.
“Your turn,” Cas said quietly, his eyes now watching the room instead of his empty plate. Dean felt a rush of warmth and gratitude for his Mate—his partner, now in life and in battle—and dug into his food, knowing he was safe to do so while Cas was on watch.
Dean attacked Lucifer from behind, sinking his teeth into the white wolf’s right flank. The massive wolf snarled and threw him off as Cas came at Lucifer from the other side. The first time Dean had seen Lucifer’s massive wolf form, he had shuddered in fear, but now the shiny white fur was matted red with blood, and Lucifer’s burned forest after a storm scent was filled with pain and anger. There would be no smug win for him today, no victory howl. He was alone. And lone wolves don’t survive.
“No, I mean, reach out to Sam again, and tell him that…tell him that I will meet him in Poughkeepsie and I guarantee he will go with you. In fact, I wouldn’t say anything unless you are ready to get him out of there that very minute.”
The exclamations of joy from the people behind him faded into the buzz of white noise in Dean’s head. Cas was here, alive, rumpled and tired-looking. That stupid backwards blue tie, his scuffed up dress shoes. Those unfathomable eyes. He was here. And he was perfect.
“Shhhh, little wolf,” Dean cut her off. “Sam and Eileen are on their way, but I’m not entirely sure they’re not just changing one hostage situation for another.”
“What?!” A chorus of loud voices all started talking at once, but Dean couldn’t sort them out, his mind hazy and disorganized as his skin burned and his eyes blurred.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, dread filling his body, even as he trained his assault rifle on Hannah instead of Lucifer. Cas had his hands up defensively, his eyes filled with sorrow. Dean knew his Mate’s pain came from his sister holding him hostage rather than from his own life being in danger. Even Weres didn’t heal very well from gunshot wounds to the head.
“We need to leave. Now,” Cas said, cutting off the growling match that had started between Bela and Charlie. Dean’s eyes flicked to Cas, Charlie and Sam before focusing on the soldiers standing between them and the rest of the cave system. They looked as shaken by the news as Dean felt, but he didn’t have time to deal with the fall out of that and get his Pack to safety.
“Oh, fuck no,” Cas growled and ran his hands through his hair, frustrated. “Naomi? Really, Gabriel? You put your faith in that bitch? Why would you side with her? It’s not like she treated you well! She’s not even your mother!”
They stared at each other for a moment before retreating to their own bunks and Dean mentally added this to the list of things they weren’t going to talk about.
Dean dropped his bag to the ground. They were outnumbered, but hell if he was going down without a fight. Beside him, Novak copied his motions, letting his bag fall where he stood.
Cas slowly pulled out before thrusting back in, and then again, quickly losing himself to the rhythm of their bodies joining. Cas thrust again and again, slightly changing the angle until Dean screamed and saw stars, coming into the blankets beneath them. Cas continued to thrust, each time his knot growing, catching and pulling on Dean’s rim.
“Pft. He thinks he can hold us here for a month? Fat chance. The corps will be along shortly to pick us up,” Dean said with confidence.
“They’re not mine,” Dean said truthfully, and felt Cas squeeze his hand. “But they aren’t Lucifer's either. Not really. They were as much Lucifer’s hostages as we were, their bars were just inside their own minds. It would be a kindness to let them go.”
Dean felt more than saw Cas’s intake of breath before he nodded against Dean’s shoulder. He distantly noticed that everything else behind him had gone quiet as well.
Dean leaned against Baby and took a deep breath. He was grateful for her presence here and for driving them across the country. Two months after they’d moved home, John had driven up to their new house, knocked on their door, held out Baby’s keys, then nodded and walked away. Dean didn’t know if it was an apology, an acknowledgement, or even penance, but John was gone, and Baby was his.
“You should thank me—I saved your life!" John argued, righteous anger colouring his face. "Got you into the military where you’d actually be appreciated as something other than a whore.”
Dean sighed and rested his forehead against Cas’s. If someone had come to him saying that Castiel fucking Novak of all people would be his Mate, he would have kicked their ass into next week. And yet here they were. Dean drank Cas’s scent in. It reached him at a primal level, one that said he was safe and protected, and wanted. It was more than he ever thought possible.
“That’s still not the word I would have gone with, but no problem, come on Sam, let’s get this done.” Ash gestured for Sam to take a seat on the bed Dean had used when they’d been here last.
"Hmm?" He responds, completely unfazed by his hand and his closeness, he didn't even turn to look at him as he spoke
Dean kept his steps steady along the gravel as he carefully pulled out his survival knife; his eyes haphazardly searched every corner of the buildings and shops that were at a close distance. Castiel took out his blade as well, which stretched out quite smoothly until it ended with a sharp point at it’s end, Dean was intrigued by his choice of weapon but he held in the urge to ask about it.
They jolt by a shuffling noise over by one of the garbage canisters nearby, Dean swiftly pulls out a pistol from his back pocket and crossed his hands in front of him with both the knife and his gun in his hands. Castiel readied his knife and tried to copy Dean’s stance but instead he just held his blade in such a way that he was going to pull his enemy’s eye out rather than attack him statistically.
You feel them twitch from the impact, the pain still evident even in it's sizzled form. You hide them away as your feet reach the ground, the stinging bearable under your skin.
“Son of a bitch.” The Novaks were amassing power. But why? And where did WO Novak fit in? He had to ask. “And Castiel?”
“Fuck off, Gabriel,” Cas snarled before he tugged on Dean’s hand. Dean looked over at his Mate only to be surprised with Cas holding the two white plastic cups Ash had left on the table in his other hand. “How about we get those samples for Ash while we wait for him to finish with your brother and take our minds off all of this, hmm?” Those eyes that had consumed him from the moment they met were fierce now, full of anger and promise, and love, and no small amount of mischief.
“At least they aren’t bringing the Blackhawks in,” Novak mumbled and started digging into his bag. Dean followed suit, gathering up the supplies they would need to block the exit.
Dean could not and would not leave Andrea to live the fate of having lost a mate alone. He and Cas had driven all the way down to Louisiana to give her Benny’s dog tag, but he vowed silently that they wouldn’t leave without giving her far more than that. Andrea would always have a home with the Winchester Pack whether she took them up on it or not. Now, or ten years from now. At least for the moment they could share their story with her, about how Benny’s death was the catalyst in Dean’s life that ended up changing the world. How much Benny mattered to him, and how much she mattered to DeanDean—to them—as well.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, soft and pliant, and Dean hugged him back desperately, nuzzling his face into Cas’s neck, breathing in their forest of apple trees after the rain scent.
“I don’t even know why I’m so upset,” Dean rambled, “I never thought that was in the cards for me at all. Stupid fucking military. But to be suddenly told that…To be told…I couldn’t even if I wanted to? It’s just…”
“I can do things naturally you need machines for.” Dean shrugged. “You know? Like seeing in the dark, getting from point A to B.” He finally looked up with a smirk. “Being a soldier.”
“Wait!” Dean growled stepping towards Lucifer again, but not loosening his grip on Cas’s hand. Just because his hopes had died, didn’t mean his Pack had to. “What about Charlie? Why didn’t you capture her as well? She’s alone out there! And Sam. And Eileen. Their lives are forfeit if I go AWOL. I’ve probably already been away too long!”
“Hey, Sam. Did you find what I asked for?” Dean asked without preamble when his little brother’s face finally filled the screen.
Despite Dean’s reluctance to become emotionally or mentally connected to anyone else, it hadn’t taken much time after that for them to become Pack. And they’d been watching each other’s backs ever since.
“Jo,” the woman said, grinning. “You’d think you’d’ve asked sooner given what I’ve seen of your bare ass.”
Dean’s voice rose into the night, a howl of grief echoing across the canyon. A moment later, Charlie’s voice joined his.
“Captain, I will remind you that I am your Commanding Officer. And as such, I think you would like to spend the next four hours demolishing that mound of rocks we have sitting thirty yards east of the camp with a pickaxe. Don’t you agree?”
“I’m not on your side, Gabriel.” Dean spat out. “I’m on my own side. My Pack’s side, and whatever is best for them is best for me. Currently, it is helping you, but it sure as shit isn’t joining your war.”
Despite how badly Dean wanted to cower away from that sentence, he moved up behind Cas to steady him, as the words knocked Cas back just as surely as if he’d been hit. Dean placed a hand in the middle of Cas’s back but did not interfere.
The explosion threw Dean through the air, right into another merchant hut that collapsed under the force of his landing. He was really getting tired of the smell of his own flesh burning off. The explosion was still ringing in his ears as he did a top-down check. He blinked a few times and the world spun. Huh, must have punctured an eardrum again. The shockwave of an explosion often did more internal damage than any of the cuts and burns the explosive parts made. That and shrapnel. He somehow managed to only have one piece of wood sticking out of his arm. He wiggled his fingers and toes before reaching over to rip it out. Everything hurt but seemed more or less intact. Hmmm, nope, his shoulder was dislocated. Just great. He gritted his teeth and pushed himself up out of the remains of the hut he’d destroyed. Silk. It could have been worse. He moved as quickly as he could back to where he could see some of his men lying on the ground twitching, while others lay completely still. Fuck. The smell of blood, death and burning skin was as thick as the dust cloud that was currently giving them cover. He knew from the experience the smell would linger for hours, while the dust would disperse faster than they would be able to clear everyone out of the blast zone.
“So?” Sam spoke first, clearly not as shell-shocked as a few others in the room. It was a conversation he’d probably had with his mate a couple of times before. Neither Ash nor Bela looked entirely surprised either, but then again, they had probably been working with the Therianterine for quite some time now. So it wasn’t a stretch to think they’d figured out that much already. “Do you think Naomi knew?”
“He’s your what?!” Dean snarled, immediately regretting his decision to sit so close to the other Were. “Are you fucking kidding me?” A huge list of possible scenarios flew through Dean’s head. Each one, worse than the last. Novak was sent to spy on Dean’s Pack. Sent in to befriend him. To distract him from the truth. To get under his skin. To lead him into this trap. A snarl ripped through Dean’s throat and he bared his teeth. He wrenched himself up and away from the other Were, putting as much distance between them as the tiny space allowed.
Ah yes. Sam didn’t know Dean already knew about the Alpha thing. Well, he knew just how to deal with that.
Dean and Cas circled Lucifer as he panted and snarled between them. This was the end. The sounds of fighting slowly trickled off around them as more and more of Lucifer’s wolves were dispatched, until all of their Packmates had joined the circle around Lucifer.
“Yup! Probably! I can say that the odds are really high that you’re totally fine.” Ash shrugged with a smile.
“Fucking weird way to go about it, dude,” Charlie swore. And all of Dean’s attention moved from Ketch to his Packmate. She smiled. “’M fine, Boss-man,” she said and patted Dean on the leg closest to her. Her limbs were still drowsy with medication but freed from the confines of the blanket he’d stolen. “Boy, was that some rescue,” she snarked. Both of her eyes were open now, and she was doing an admirable job of keeping herself upright.
Dean stared down the giant wolf a moment longer. Had his brother gone from one hostage situation to another?
Dean looked around, but he couldn’t see Cas despite the fact that his scent was strong, clear and present. Lucifer had managed to initially distract Dean from his target, but as his Pack traded verbal barbs with the psychopath, Dean’s mind refocused on this original purpose. Get Cas and Charlie, and get out.
Dean waited until Hendrickson had moved to the other side of the watch box. Apparently, it was Britney Spears night as he hummed pop tune after pop tune. Dean gracefully jumped the fence and landed quietly on the other side. He paused, listening for the sound of an alarm or the other Were heading off to rat him out. Nothing. Within three strides he had shifted into his wolf form as easily as breathing. That was one good thing about this godforsaken place; the opportunity and ability to shift often, sometimes even for work. It had become easy, habitual. Not like when he had lived in the city, surrounded by concrete and tall buildings. The parks, as infrequent as they were, were not really large enough for him to get a full run in. It had taken a lot more time and a lot more pain for him to shift before he had moved here.
“I agree.” Novak nodded and took a deep breath, also scenting the air. “The explosive device was not created or deployed from here.”
Cas’s eyes flicked down to Dean’s mouth and then back up to his eyes. “Something along those lines, Omega.”
The distant sound of shouting and of guns going off interrupted Dean’s reply. Everyone stopped what they were doing and listened. No one had noticed when the sounds of the bombardment outside had been replaced with the sounds of the military breaching Babylon and starting the real fight inside.
“GSW to the Abdomen. Straight through. Already healing,” Dean reported, gritting his teeth as he felt his innards trying to heal themselves. “Puncture wounds, left arm, broken radius bone, also healing. Crookedly.” He hadn’t eaten in a while, so healing was taking longer than he was used to. But even with a full meal, it hurt like a bitch every time.
“Look, Winchester saved a lot of people’s lives today, taking the brunt of that explosion. So you should back off,” Benny drawled between bites.
“Too much.” Dean sighed and pointed to the pale body at his feet “Lucifer is dead. His army disbanded.”
“Oh yeah—is that right, little wolf?” Benny said with a grin, pushing Charlie and causing her to step back onto her other foot. She pulled at Dean on her way back causing him to automatically grab her arm before pushing Benny back. Benny grinned and came at them both.
“Careful, Miss Talbot,” Cas said casually. “You’re going to give us the impression that you like us more than them.”
A high-pitched bark broke through the tension as a young wolf came running up to the group. The young Alpha transformed mid-run, ending up kneeling before them.
Dean caught the scent again and moved forward, trying to pinpoint where it was coming from amidst the pottery, dried food and trinkets. He would not let the bastard who killed Benny get away again. His view was hampered by a rug merchant’s stall, the wares taking up most of the space in front of him. He couldn’t see the merchant.
Sam looked at Eileen and she nodded. The three of them exited the lab and were immediately joined by a pair of guards, one of whom seemed only too eager to move away from the laboratory. He smelled wholesome and didn’t trigger any primal anger or fear as Lucifer had, so Sam didn’t put up a fight. He was used to having minders, but this was on a whole other level of guarding. There was, in fact, a whole group of soldiers standing outside the lab, seemingly dissuading interested Alphas from coming to have a look. It was a small mercy, but Sam would take it. Charlie bypassed the guards and led them back out towards the main area.
A yelp from beside him focused Dean’s attention back on the ongoing battle between Charlie and Lilith. Charlie was holding her own, but both wolves were bleeding from a number of wounds. He pushed himself to his feet and jumped into the fray blocking Lilith from biting into Charlie’s neck, just as she had done to him. His teeth clamped over Lilith’s muzzle and he bit down, crushing her jaw within his. A moment later Charlie ripped out the other wolf’s throat and Dean dropped her to the floor.
“Bitch,” Dean said fondly before leaning back in to scent his brother more thoroughly. There was definitely a new scent about him. A cottage by the sea. He pulled back to raise an eyebrow.
“You weren’t mated to my brother before,” Lucifer shrugged and dismissed them, consumed with the work in front of him once more.
“If they were going to kill us they’d have done it already. I’m getting clean!” Dean crowed as he shot up from their nest. His skin felt so nasty, he was going to deal with that—proper shower or no. He had dunked the sponge in the water and rubbed soap on it when he felt Castiel’s presence behind him.
Lucifer nodded, a smirk pulling at his lips. “Agreed. After all, you have had a trying time of it lately haven’t you? Gabriel, you’ll go with them after their...nap?”
“Did you bring me new friends to play with, Gabriel?” the stranger asked, his voice causing all of the hairs on Dean’s body to stand on end.
Descriptions of the state John is in after being tortured and mutilated by Alistair. The torture isn't shown, just the aftermath. Still gruesome. Please take care.
John’s face morphed from irritation to surprise before moving back to determination. “For his own safety, and yours.”
Dean used Cas’s presence to focus, and after a moment finally allowed himself to look around. He was in one of Ash’s hospital beds, his mate wrapped tightly around him and a blanket covering them. He couldn’t smell any of his Pack nearby but the two techs were here somewhere. “Where?”
Dean’s mind raced. Sam’s life was forfeit the moment the military found out that Dean had gone AWOL instead of being a POW. It made sense that they’d put a detail on Sam the moment Dean had gone missing just until they knew for sure which one it was. That is, if they hadn’t had a detail on Sam the entire time. Dean pushed down that thought ruthlessly. It wouldn’t help. It was also very like Sam to not trust anyone who came around talking about Dean. Dean could be proud later, but right now he had an opportunity to get his brother out—and he was going to take it.
Dean’s less of a blur now in his view, his head hangs low with his arms crossed-his features sharp and crisp in the weightless air, his eyes the same vivid shade of green and his lips curled but not enough for a smile. He looks at Castiel, his eyes emanating the answer without uttering a word “Dean… you knew the risks…”
I pick myself up and place myself on the fence lazily, allowing the old man and his truck to pass by with a forced smile.
Dean finds himself standing in a massive poppy field, the red and tangerine hues bleeding into one as a gentle breeze blows over them, the grass stands tall but even so the flower’s domineering beauty overpowers him to the core, every breath was intoxicating. It feels as though he’s walking through clouds, his hands tickled by every touch of petal and the longer he inhaled it all the more drunk he felt. He looks at himself even with the over stimulating locale, he’s wearing red flannel and jeans of the most vivid of blues- something he knows he has never owned in his life. He pouts a bit at his attire, but a satisfied one; he’s just never realized how his wardrobe lacked so much color.
“C’mon Cas! Who are you fooling?” Dean slides it between Cas’ fingers and smiles at the image in front of them. They’re standing in front of baby; Sam is on the right with a big smile plastered on his face. Dean beams the same way at the front of the impala with his head hung low-Cas stands beside him with his hand sliding through his pocketed arm-he’s smiling too, wider than he’s ever smiled in all the years he’s spent on earth.
“So, what can I help you with?” He grinned, almost uninterested. Sam let his tongue unwind as he felt the courage emerge from his chest; he shoved his hand into his pocket, keeping his free hand in mid air to show that he didn’t mean any harm. Crowley eyed him questioningly but his demeanor remained calm. Sam felt the necklace in his long fingers, he draws it out and lets it swing in front of Crowley, as if he was hypnotizing him.
“We parked this miles away, and we- we hid it. How did he…” Sam whispers, the both of them slowly walking towards Crowley, who’s tapping his foot on the ground awaiting their presence.
I held him and promised never to let go, no one could take him away, not God, not any demons. No one.
“Oh you know, werewolves, cannibals, vampires, the whole shindig” Castiel answered, a slight terror in his tone of voice, Dean turned and looked at him with a small smirk on his face as he walked on slowly.
“First of all I never even thought of that! But there is definitely something going on with you and I’d like to know what the hell that thing is! Is that too much to ask, after all we’ve been through don’t I deserve that much?”
“I dunno Bobby; I don’t think that thing can possess people. Maybe there’s more to it, much more. And I think we know someone who could give us our answer”
I knew I couldn't be seen in public with him because it'll cause trouble for me with the staff. Some dumb ass rule about dating students, I don't know. If age were a problem then technically Cas was the one older than me, heck he was a dinosaur compared to me.
"Moments later a loud noise crept into my ears, a loud Fwoom. I stopped and fell to the cold ground and blinked through the blood, my worn out eyes could only make out the light blue glow coming towards me, everything after that was completely erased, as if it were a dream”
“The angel douche Zachariah? Jeez, now that I think about it he was there the day we met. Well, technically the second time we met” Dean smirks awkwardly and you can see him fighting the urge to ask more “To think I didn’t remember him at all. But do you think he-?”
Castiel looked at him lazily and his gaze wavered to and fro, the comfort in his eyes was quite inviting and Dean pressed himself even further into his bag.
Dean exchanges glances with Sam and takes a deep breath, his head shake was enough to make Castiel feel disappointed “This is just great. I don’t even have the words to…is there seriously nothing else you remember? Maybe just?-” he places his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, he didn’t realize why, he only did what came natural to him.
“You rebelled” Dean closes the small gap between them and sighs as his eyes wander over his beautiful face “And I’m nothing but thankful for that, you were kind of a dick”
"You need to stop blaming each other for everything that has happened over the years and start fighting for each other again. What the two of you have..." Castiel stops, he felt his jaw loosen and his stomach turn with his constant dabbling, Dean drew in closer and started patting Castiel's cheek but he remains unresponsive "Castiel, okay... Okay I'm sorry... Hey? Are you okay? I'm sorry for being a pussy but you need to respond...Cas?" Dean continues as tears began to fill Castiel's eyes. Dean gazes at him, completely confused as he tries bringing him in closer, trying haplessly to pull him out from his shaken state
He slides out with ease and heaves a sigh- he reveals his long toned legs that glowed in the dead sun somehow. He felt every hair follicle stiffen up as the cold air swallowed him- Dean almost felt...unreachable as he stood there alone, his bare self a wonder within all of this grey.
"He made us a goddamn map" Dean scoffs but the pain within it is unmistakable. Castiel's eyes didn't want to look at the pages again but he still did, somehow looking at it with Dean provided some unknown comfort.
Sam feels his phone vibrate as he pulls out his car keys, he watches its flashing lights and makes sure no one was listening before he answers
“Cas… I didn’t-“ Dean speaks up again, his eyes still wide but with a little more resolve floating in them.
He ponders over the numbers in his head- what dates could work? Dean’s birth year? My birth year? Birthdays? Cowboy movie dates? None of those predictions worked. He could simply break it but he feared ruining the whole box-it seems to be well kept and he didn’t want Dean to taunt him for the rest of his life. He paused and guessed again, this time he added in a year that had no connection with them per se, but in a way it still did.
“Shit…I didn’t mean that. I’m sorry…I’ll try” Dean tries to mend the awkward situation and he’s only met with Cas’ playful smile and glittery eyes “I’m not mad at you Dean-you don’t have to apologize!” Castiel laughs as he nuzzles and scratches the belly of his already dozed off companion-the fact that he adjusted so quickly was something really adorable-was he actually coming around to the little shithead?
“I can’t do anything now, can I?” Cas turns slightly but he still can’t see his face, couldn’t he take the subtle hint in his voice? He wanted to see those familiar green hues break away every doubt he ever had-just wipe his head clean and only let those colors seep into every quaking pore-the thought alone made everything buzz inside him.
Bobby's eyes are watery but stern as they pop out of his wrinkly eyelids, Dean tries to stare back to prove his point but alas it was an onerous attempt which led defeat. He sits more amiably in this time, his fingers laced together in front of him.
“Excuse me?” Dean stood upright, his defenses are back up and he stomps towards him, the force in his hands making him turn. His strong hands grip onto his shirt’s worn out collar and brings him in just inches away from his chest “You did not just say that I wouldn’t understand, you did NOT just say that”
“So what, they do all of these things? How does Cas fit into any of this?” Sam thinks out loud as he picks up another book and goes through ancient drawings and images of the creature. Shadowy claws and wendigo skulls, some of their black bodies had human faces- sickening even in a drawing- to think that after years of hunting there were still monsters out there that have managed to escape their radar. “I remember them… I remember them saying something to us, well unconscious us- that they were forced away somewhere, some place…. Other?”
“That Crowley creep? Does any of the shit he sells even work?” A bitter voice of an elderly man chuckled behind one of the stalls. Sam focused on the voice even more before he reacted.
“Are you mad!? It’ll be harder to escape from a higher level! Can’t you use your powers?” you shove him slightly as you watch the blackness sneer from the ceiling and soon the floor- a slithering mess seeping from the doors.
“I know you don’t, boy. But listen to me when I say this- they aren’t easy people- they’ve seen how the world is and they decided to take it-regardless of how much of their humanity is lost from it. I just want you to know that if you even plan on getting out,
“You know you should eat something before this gig, who knows when you’ll get the time later” Dean muffles through the large slice of pie that writhes in his mouth, Sam sits an inch away from him, completely disgusted by his behavior but even with his mouth full Dean continues to talk, even managing a smile through his treat
” Castiel mumbles as he waits for something unknown-his fingers sway in the air for a while until he makes a final gesture
Luckily they ended up scavenging a lot of random items, cutlery, silver, a small abandoned church also had some useful items and they scrubbed those places clean. Who needs God, right?
“Hmm, still a newbie” she takes a whiff of her cigarette and breathes easily. She stood with 2 other people, all scruffy with unkempt hair and skin, they all smelled of the rain and the soil mixed underneath their boots “We’ve been on the road for a while now; Joe here has been on it for over 4 years now. Just crashing and cruising wherever it was possible. One kind of eases into it huh?”
Dean slides Sam’s hand off of him and starts walking backwards towards the other room- Sam’s hand stays in mid air as Dean leaves, he didn’t move- he couldn’t move, he was reticent, completely staggered by Dean’s tainted eyes- almost lifeless, almost gone.
“Maybe the only reason I kept you alive is because I could use you as bait for when the monsters attack” Castiel joked as he poured some water on a clean cloth and scraped the gooey mess from their bowls.
Castiel was hesitant again, but he didn’t think lying was a really great way to gain his visitor’s trust.
“All those years ago when you and your so called father took my life and my nest I never thought I’d be opening my eyes again once more. Ever since this so called incident that happened I crawled out of the darkness. Ever since then I’ve been thirsting for revenge, on finding you Winchesters and getting rid of you for good. Claiming I’d bury all of your rotting corpses ten… No! Twenty feet under…”
“Hey, hey! Where the hell do you think you’re going?” Dean half sprints towards him, his arms spread out and clearly ready to tackle if the situation required it.
“Getting into your vehicle, what else?” He speaks as the cold air blows out, like a chimney from the backside of a wooden cabin “I guess you’ll have questions, because I know I do”
We separated and looked at each other, his smile was crooked and endearing in my eyes. His eyes were lit up and they've never looked more stunning. Several minutes pass as we keep looking at each other, I could never get tired of looking at him. I still couldn't believe that he was mine.
He felt so panicky over nothing, this moment reminded him of his problem solving tactics with Sam, they'd ease each other with their shared fears and it somehow balanced the both of them out. For years they managed to cheat death, kill and punch through every fucking mess they managed to create. Through most of it they never really knew if they'd even make it out alive but they always found a way, always.
“Hmm. Well this is…this is…” Dean waves his hand slowly but pauses from the sentences he kept fumbling with in his head “I don’t even know what to say”
“Yeah- but where the hell should we even start? This place is…” he ponders over his words and just abandons finishing his sentence- he couldn’t stop glaring at the door with his shaky puffs of smoke.
"Hey, you still with me?" Dean spoke into his ear, he didn't say it loudly but it was enough to jolt Cas. He opens his eyes slightly and closes them again, but he lets him know he's conscious with a grunt. Dean smiles at his child like demeanor even through his shrouded worry. He couldn't even fathom what was happening to him, but it didn't mean he wasn't trying.
could give up when I was fighting the urge to do the very same? You think I never wanted to run away and abandon everyone that was a pain in my ass? I wanted to, Cas…but I always thought that was selfish of me and that I should be ashamed of myself for even thinking that….”
Rowena laughed and flicked her own pad. Her rolled up sleeves gave sight on several Angels tattooed on her forearms. Every time they had too much to drink Sammy and her would start arguing about the accuracy of Gadreel’s limps and wings. A hologram of the Breach was opened up by her movement and showed the opening that let the Angels through to Earth, located in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. “She wants to nuke the Throat.”
Bobby stepped to the panel and started the emergency protocol. He and Rufus shared a meaningful glance. Another former Jaeger duo that could communicate by looks alone. “The data is in. Codename: Balthazar. The system categorizes it as IV.”
“When first responders were finally able to get you out of Grace and into a hospital, the two of you were beside yourselves. Scramming, writhing in pain, but with no more severe wounds anywhere to be seen.” Sam explained. He shuddered. Dean was not surprised his brother had joined them right away, he would have done the same. “We tried to calm you down, but nothing would help. We couldn’t separate the two of you until you were sedated.”
“For you? Anytime.” She gave him a wink and freed his head from the machines. “Better not get you too excited though. Doctor Davies will want to check on you. Although, if you have your quips at the ready, it can’t be that bad.”
“Are you sure?” Meg Masters was a menace. She checked his vitals and leaned back with a smirk when satisfied. “Want me to get the bed-pan, handsome?”
Rowena had been busy looking at Jimmy’s file and Dean’s little moment had gone past her. Now that Claire was in the room she got on her feed. The scientist was visibly annoyed by the new arrival. Dean knew Rowena had an estranged teenage son and avoided dealing with children if she could avoid it. But there was also pity on her face, as she tried to step in front of Claire and block her sight.
“His eyes?” Sam uttered and had Dean finally look away. Neither his brother nor Mick had observed Dean’s reaction and he was thankful for it.
Dean swallowed and was able to shake himself out of his shocked silence. His hands shook and he rubbed sweaty palms against the fabric of his pants. He knew he had to leave. He could hear voices in the hallway. “To whatever purpose?”
“We were just looking at the data from your Drift during the fight with Castiel. You’re lucky your brains did not melt right out of your ears.” Ash clasped Dean’s shoulder. “How are you feeling, man?”
They all startled. Mick seemed satisfied with the eye dilation but as much as the Winchesters irritated by his patient’s darkened voice. “It seems the blood has damaged your vocal cords. We will see what we can do about it.”
With a heavy sigh he sat down on the shoulder blade of the giant machine in whose innards he had just been crawling in. The safety gear mandatory to work on the upper levels of the behemoth once again slipped into his ass crack. Dean hated the constricting harness, but his pains would be worth it. Soon the restorations on Impala Knight would be finished. Once the Mark 2 was all set to go, a new Jaeger team would be chosen. If it took a little longer to settle on matching pilots his Baby might even get a paint job to prevent corrosion by seawater. Although, Dean doubted it was in the budget, or in the continuously shrinking time frames they got. Looking down at the orange numbers of the war clock Dean wiped his hands on an oil rag. After a minute ticking by he gave up, figuring his attempts made it worse. It was useless. Even with water and soap his hands never really lost their dark stains, his nails constantly black. Dean laughed. Now there was a metaphor if he ever heard one.
At this Castiel’s chin shot up. He stepped towards Dean, who was immediately backing off. But Dean was already standing against the door. Unless he wanted to leave the cell there was no way to back away any further. Dean was startled. He realized his reaction was no rejection to the proximity. The immediate wish to get even closer threw him off. Dean’s own reluctance to get away from the other man despite the obvious danger Castiel could pose confused him. There was the vague urge to sit down on the cot with whatever Jimmy had become and figure out their shared experience.
“Don’t you get tired of pretending? Hiding yourself from everyone?” There was still no malice in Castiel’s words. The Angel did not seem to fully understand how much the words hurt Dean. The missing of harmful intent did not make it better though and Dean was too stunned by realization and pain to answer.
About an hour later Deputy Green and Young Prophet clashed with the Category IV Angel, about 10 miles from the coast of Japan. Dean had retreated to a far corner of the control room, not ready to leave unless he was explicitly asked to do so. Like everybody else he was watching the live chopper footage and listened to the efforts of the two teams dealing with the massive abomination. Many heads and eyes, wings and limps clashing with cold metal. All Angels looked different, but certain characteristics they all had in common. The trick in dealing with them was finding their core. On the way there, the Jaeger had to draw as much of their glowing blue blood as possible to weaken it. It was a costly gamble since the blood had a toxic effect on all life on earth.
Dean got no opportunity to answer the question. As if on cue, the warning signals started blaring and the room was flooded with red light. They all turned to the monitors and control panels.
Dean decided that he did not really want to know at this point. Trying to remember made him ache, so he rather asked Charlie: “And what you got?”
“If that is true, wouldn’t you have your own name, in your own language?” It was not the best argument to come up with on the spot. Neither did it seem wise to argue with a delusional person about their delusions. They probably would always find ways to make the belief come true in their own head and worldview. What Dean should do was turn around and leave the room. But the question slipped out of him before he could stop himself. Jimmy’s changed behavior momentarily kindled a curiosity in him. Did he know of Dean’s dream, or was Jimmy just assuming he knew what was on Dean’s mind?
Charlie nodded in agreement. “It seems that, now that there is not much more improvement on the Angels themselves, they amped up the game and decided to send several at a time. As far as we know there’ll be another double sighting in six days.”
“This is my fault.” Sam shook his head. “I’m sorry, Jimmy. You clearly were not ready to go out there.”
Dean rubbed his face. The comparison of having been on a bender explained fairly accurately how he currently felt. When Sam gave him some water, he took it gladly. Mick asked Dean some standard questions to check for a concussion or more severe memory loss, but Dean was able to answer all questions to the Doc’s satisfaction. The nurses left and Mick kept explaining that the mental connection had been all over the place during the fight. Both he and Sam had been able to see the recordings and evaluate the data. Something must have happened between Jimmy and Dean during the fight. Their Conn-Pod—Grace’s head—had been severely damaged by Castiel when the Angel had gone down just before its heart had been pierced. The Drift between the pilots had been showing indicators and signals never witnessed before. Jody and Donna had rescued the pod from sinking into the ocean and drowning both.
Despite being only thirty, Sam retired from piloting just as Bobby and Rufus were. The medication Sammy had to take against his radiation poisoning, continuously reminded Dean of his failure to protect his younger brother. During their last mission, Sam had made sure Dean would eject properly but had not been able to save himself. Piloting Impala Knight with a damaged nuclear reactor all by himself, he had suffered the consequences. That had been two years ago.
“Novak.” Rufus greeted him with a nod. He looked the new pilot up and down. With his burn marks, gown, and intravenous access still in place, he looked like he had fled from his room. “Are you sure you should be up yet?”
After a moment of silent grief for their fallen friend Dr. Davies entered the room with two nurses. They fussed over him and the machinery surrounding him for a moment.
“What’s up, bitches!” Charlie greeted them before Bobby or Rufus saw them enter. The Marshals were both in full attire, no doubt having talked with press and investors on the day. They turned around. Ash and Rowena were standing in another part of the lab and looked up from their screen. The rest of the geek squad stepped towards the group in the middle of the room to meet Sam and Dean there. Charlie hugged Dean tightly, before falling away, worried she hurt him. Bobby grabbed his arm then. Dean reassured them with a smile.
Castiel caught his balance and bowed his head not quite in apology but noticeably taken aback by the sudden outburst his casual words had caused. He closed the distance, apparently planning to grab for Dean’s wrist in a reassuring gesture. But Dean would not have it and drew his hand away. He was afraid what would happen if they touched in any manner that was remotely friendly. And wasn’t that a disturbing thought if he ever had one.
The realization made him stop dead in his tracks. He was about to keep chipping at Rowena’s resolve. But the thought that Dean might just as much be affected had him hold his protests. True, he did not believe to be an angel himself but had the distinct memory of the Angel invading both their minds. Wasn’t that the same disillusion just from another point of view? As much as he had dealt with memory loss, he had been exposed to hallucinations induced by high stress drifting or toxic blue poisoning. His father had seen the ghost of their mother for several weeks before admitting it to the responsible therapist. It was one of the times Dean had to take over for him. John had been erratic and dismayed. Dean’s own memory might simply have been caused by the Angel blood. Jimmy had almost drowned in it and they had shared the Drift while it happened. Of course, nobody would believe him proclaiming being an Angel not with Jaeger pilots having a history of being out of it.
“Looking at your experiences has helped me tremendously to understand the human condition.” Castiel shook him out of his revery. “But you don’t remember that.”
Dean looked at the other patient slowly breathing in and out. There were marks like burns over his eyes and mouth. A cut along the bridge of his nose. Dean licked his own split lip. He could not believe he had been in such a state merely hours before but did not remember it now. Jimmy was still just Jimmy to him, very friendly, kind, a little crazy but at his core caring. Their connection had been stable, and the man meant more to him now than before their Drift. Still, it was a mystery to Dean why he would react like that. It was also no longer standard procedure to have Jaeger duos staying in one room in case of Alien infections or foreign bacteria spreading. “That why Jimmy’s here?”
“Any good news?” Bobby scratched his brow for lack of his cap. He was probably already picturing how they had to relay all this to the press. Despite no more governmental funding, the public remained interested in the Jaeger program. Bobby and Rufus had become its representatives. Bobby hated the press and was rather buried in a Jaeger engine.
“But you don’t know for sure.” Dean tried to lure Rowena with his biggest smile. He needed to know if he had just had a surreal dream, or lost it himself, or both. It seemed impossible to even contemplate that his dream might have been a memory and Jimmy’s mind had absorbed the consciousness of a living, thinking, feeling monster all while Dean had been in it. “I could drift with him and find out. I can tell you what goes on in there.”
Dean stiffened and backed away again, eyes never leaving Castiel. There it was, out of Jimmy’s own mouth: Definitive proof. Dean had been holding back on his questions regarding the nightmare in case he would only feed into Jimmy’s delusion. If Castiel knew what he had dreamed of without Dean telling the supposed Angel, it was confirmation that they had shared some kind of experience, be it real or only passing through their Drift. The halogen lights overhead drew dark shadows over Castiel’s face. They emitted a low buzz that seemed to become louder and louder, pressing onto Dean’s conflicting thoughts. For the first time Dean truly accepted the possibility of there being something more than human in front of him.
“It has only been one night.” Mick took out his stethoscope and asked Dean to sit upright so he could check his heartbeat and breathing. It hurt but it was doable. “You’ll be fine. Neither of you have suffered major cuts, breaks or injuries. Beyond a few bruises you should be good in a day. Both of you were also exposed to major quantities of Angel blood that have cauterized your skin in places. The exposure will explain the headache you no doubt have until tomorrow. We gave you the antidote in time and you each had a dialysis. However, you will feel like you went bar-hopping. All in all, I’m more concerned about your mental well-being.”
“We’ve got nothing else.” Rowena shook her head. “Both Ash and I’ve gone over Charlie’s findings. After next week, we won’t have another option anyways.”
Dean’s momentary realization was disturbed by another person entering the corner of the lab. Claire Novak stepped into the cold light of the halogen lamps. “I wanna see my dad.”
Dean woke up in an infirmary. His head hurt, his chest burned, and his limps and eyelids felt like lead. The first thing he recognized while struggling to have a look around was the hunched over silhouette of his brother sitting in a cheap hospital chair. “What happened?”
Castiel seemed to return to the irked contemplation that had unknowingly caused him to lash out at Dean. “If you don’t remember everything, I cannot make you understand.”
Dean was not ready to back down this easily. Jimmy’s gaze was still lingering on him, which he kept ignoring. Otherwise, he would lose it in front of Rowena. Voicing the paranoid suspicion his co-pilot was able to see through walls and track him would not help his case. He would run the risk of ending in a similar room and could not even begrudge his superiors the decision. Dean essentially already shared in Jimmy’s psychosis if he was even considering the other was housing an alien consciousness in his body.
“This won’t be enough.” They all turned around. None of them had noticed somebody else entering the laboratory. “Recreating the signature will only be part of it.” Jimmy Novak was standing in the entrance way. The automatic doors were waiting for him to step inside. He was still wearing his long hospital gown, open at the back. He must have followed them soon after Sam and Dean had left the hospital. The same uneasiness befell Dean, as his gaze met Jimmy’s. The need to get away from his new partner had been overpowering. Now—having been followed—it came back with vengeance.
There was no time to ask what exactly he could not remember, however, Dean had the beginnings of an idea. The door behind him opened. An angry Sam and an even angrier Bobby dragged him out of the room. For the first time since Dean had entered the room Castiel seemed truly upset when he watched the door close behind them.
Dean made a dismissive noise and sat up again. He felt a little dizzy but other than the pain from the angel blood poisoning his body did not give any signals of discomfort. Once again he tried reassuring the room with nonchalance. It seemed to work most times. “How long ‘till the sponge bath, nurse Masters?”
“I’m guessing this is one of those act first, ask later situations.” Dean looked to Bobby and Rufus for confirmation. “Especially, if Charlie’s prognosis turns out to be true and we’ll be forced to fight more Angels with less.”
Making his way towards the control bridge he eyed Saving Grace. The shiny Mark 5 had just been shipped in from Australia: Full titanium core, no alloys. The Jaeger ran on fifty V-engines per muscle strand and Dean could hardly wait to get his hands on her ropes. His brother was in charge of putting together the team manning Grace and Rufus wanted Dean to be part of it. With Impala Knight in the works Dean had been able to skirt around the topic. But the shiny Mark 4 had just arrived and was currently being checked thoroughly.
“You said it yourself, I’m exceptionally good at building, holding and maintaining the Drift.” Dean lured her further. “Which makes me uniquely equipped to deal with this crisis.”
“Because I am not Jimmy Novak.” Dean had known this, hadn’t he? He had been trying to remember, but at the same time did not want to. Still, he was trying to push away the blue lights and blood gushing into the room. Remembering would mean accepting the impossible. He felt his knees give out and barely managed to grab for Sammy before his vision went black altogether. His brothers’ arms closing around him was the last thing Dean registered before he fell and lost consciousness. “I am the Angel Castiel”
Save Marshal Turner, Bobby and Sam, the room that usually had up to twenty people overseeing the missions was empty. Sammy was still wearing his gym clothes and Bobby was as oily and casual as Dean was in his working clothes. Only Rufus was wearing his formal uniform. The three men stood around a table projecting a shiny blue, small-scaled version of Saving Grace. Sammy holding his own holo-pad was no doubt depicting all possible candidates to pilot the newcomer. Dean sent his brother a glance and a shake of his head in canteen direction, silently asking him to grab dinner together. Sam did not refuse but his drawn lips warned Dean to take this meeting seriously.
“The systems ain’t lying.” Mullet in the wind, Ash was dashing past them and taking over from Bobby. He was followed by the whole team currently on high alert taking their allocated seats and immediately shouting coordinates and codes at each other. The massive doors of the Shatterdome began opening, yellow warning lights shining in the distance. The chopper pilots sprinted over the cracked concrete floor of the lower levels housing the Jaeger while sipping up their overalls. The pilot duos soon emerged from the upper-level elevators to man their vessels. The whole Dome was a well-oiled machine of protocol and anticipation.
Sam made way and cleared the view on Jimmy lying in the bed next to his. He was connected to the same machines, but where Dean’s buzzed in irritation, Jimmy’s seemed out right angry with all the noises they made and numbers they flashed.
Dean made a grunt of acknowledgement. Like this he would accomplish nothing. Although Dean did not want to dwell on his nightmare for now, he needed to know if it was a dream or a memory. With Sam in the room watching him like a hawk, he would not be able to do so. Putting his best game face on he brushed a hand over his face in defeat. Noticing that he was still wearing the same worn jogging pants and shirt he asked:“Can you get me some fresh clothes, briefs?”
“Of course not, deary. That’s impossible.” She laughed genuinely amused. “He just thinks he is Castiel. Dear Jimmy has lost it. Not the first time a newbie does.”
“Dean!” Sam jumped so bad the pad he had been reading on fell to the floor. He pressed the emergency button and bent over to collect the pad. “You don’t remember? How do you feel?”
“Look out!” Ash warned the pilots. “Prophet, check the sky, 5 o’clock! The second Angel is with you.”
I changed some of the facts from the movies, to have more time between the first attack and the last attack depicted here. I also chose roles and side characters solely from how much I like them.
“Not much.” Trying to remember further than their touchdown close to where Deputy Green had been struggling to stand upright against the force of the Angel, was the last thing Dean could conjure up. “How long have I been out? Where’s Jimmy?"
But Jimmy did not look up at Mick when asked to do so. He kept his piercing gaze on Dean. Mick waited for Jimmy to focus on the light, but the man just continued to stare Dean down. There was something at the outskirts of his consciousness asking for entrance, a notion, a memory. Dean could feel it pressing in, trying to invade, but he shoved it away. Fear rose in his chest that had him shaking momentarily and leaning back further.
“Jimmy is gone.” At that he looked contemplative. Dean would not describe the feeling passing his face as guild, but there was a sense of loss. “I remember everything he remembered but I’m set apart from his life, from his emotions. I look at it from afar and I have problems comprehending the things that are based in emotion rather than logic.”
Dean looked up from the blurry footage depicting the fight. The storm made it hard to make out Green or Balthazar. If it was not for the glowing blood and the holo-reconstruction it would have been almost impossible to pinpoint their positions or follow the fight. Dean put down his pad and stepped towards the Marshal, but Bobby’s drawn face caught his attention and stopped him from talking.
They had converted one of the rooms used to interview and monitor the pilots’ psyche into a cell for Jimmy. Cameras were fixed and programs trained to mark every eye movement and face muscle twitching. Wireless electrodes took his vitals. They usually kept the recordings and tracked how Jaeger pilots’ behavior changed over the course of their tenure. Rowena only sporadically used to conduct the interviews and was more involved in evaluating. However, since they came to Hong Kong base as the last vestige of their program, she was in charge of both interviews and conclusions.
“Linda survived. She is next door, still asleep.” Sammy’s concerned expression made way for one of grief. He sat down again. “Kevin did not make it.”
“Being human is such a strange experience, so different from what I have been created for.” He finally got up and looked at his hands with astonished wonder. Dean could not stop himself from eying the man, looking for any outward signs of change beyond the toxic blue burns on his face and body. “There is so much emphasis on pleasure and immediate gratification, this sense of self and the need to constantly confirm one’s own identity by referring to something outside oneself. It seems exhausting to live like this. But my body has been destroyed and I fear there is no way back for me now.”
She wore a cozy sweater and casual sweats. Dean figured she must have moved into the quarters already. He had no doubt she would work with Sam on the training program. Eileen had been a pilot before losing her hearing during an Angel fight a few years back. Dean was actually happy to see her again, if for nothing else than for Sammy’s attentive gaze on her. It was just a shame that Dean was not in a place to appreciate her being here at the moment.
“Dean, stop it.” Sam tried again, apparently not appreciating his humor. His brother was one of the few people who would call him out on his bull shit. Dean could not blame him, poor guy had been forced to live in his head for years. “You just fainted into my arms, Jimmy has lost it and everyone’s afraid you have too.”
Struck dumbfounded Dean stood with his mouth agape. They did not talk like that. It was always the next mission, the next hunt, the next catch. None of them truly acknowledged the possible inevitability of a loss against the Angel attacks that came in constantly shrinking intervals. If they would start to consider losing, why even keep trying?
“Really?” Mick seemed surprised. He stepped away. “Well, maybe you can catch Winchester up on it. The two of you will be needing to give a detailed testimony. Saving Grace will need a new Conn-Pod and the few investors remaining will be demanding an explanation.”
Dean was not surprised Bobby was ganging up on him with Rufus and Sam. All three of them used to be Jaeger pilots and with that came a certain attitude. John had hammered the easy-go-lucky mindset combined with the almost pathological seeking of responsibility into his sons. For Sammy and Dean, it was even more than the usual call to destiny other pilots seemed to internalize. The Winchesters were driven by fulfilling some form of predestined legacy that was trenched in notions of revenge, family blood, and ultimate sacrifice. But after so many years Dean was just done fighting. “Listen, Sammy and I had a great winning streak—”
“Eileen can have an eye on me.” Dean said and pointed at the ex-pilot. She did not seem convinced but she nodded at Sam’s silent question. Sammy sighed and nodded before leaving for Dean’s room.
“It’s shouting for help.” Sam uttered in a whisper Dean could only hear because he stepped next to his brother.
Dean and Sam had been piloting as a team since Sammy finished the academy with nineteen, that was now eleven years ago. But Dean piloted even longer than that. He was on record for drifting longer than anyone. He had been the emergency substitute in John’s and Bobby’s team since when he was sixteen. From twenty onwards he had piloted with Cassie. He was so used to drifting, it came to him naturally. Rovena sometimes joked that piloting during his adolescence had made him particularly perceptible to it. It was also why Dean was on record for having been drifting with the biggest number of compatible partners to date. Maybe the whole thing had finally taken its toll and Dean was going insane after all.
“Marshal.” Dean greeted when he entered the circular building overlooking the Shatterdome on midlevel. It gave a perfect view of the four remaining Jaeger. Young Prophet, a lean Mark 5 and one of the last ones built by the discontinued program, was piloted by the mother and son duo Linda and Kevin Tran. Its assortment of plasma pistols and blades was more fragile than the older builds but damn if it wasn’t effective. Donna Hanscum and Judy Mills piloted Deputy Green, a massive Mark 4 with missile chest launchers and dangerous sting blades. Their remaining two teams had taken care of the latest Angel attack: Codename: Hael. The abomination had taken course on Baja California, but the Jaeger had intersected it before it was able to reach San Carlos.
When the elevator doors closed in front of them, Dean sighed in relief. He threw on a shirt and some jogging pants, going commando.
Jimmy’s pondering look had him almost forget what he had said just seconds before. Jimmy seemed so sure in his answer, as if he could look directly into Dean’s head and scrutinize his nightmare as closely as Dean’s appearance. “How would you know?”
Jimmy looked him in the eye, not in the least surprised to find his co-pilot standing in the door of his cell. He did not move from his cot and was still wearing the hospital gown, his naked shins on display. Somebody had given him a pair of white Crocs. They seemed pristine in the stark light. It should seem ridiculous but somehow Jimmy still managed to make it look dignified. “Hello Dean.”
Dean was suddenly aware of the urgent wish to reach out and renew the beginnings of a connection he had felt just before waking from his nightmare. The way the Drift had changed when the thing replaced Jimmy had been warm and familiar in an uncanny way. Like wishing for something so long, once it finally found you, it felt like greeting an old friend. It was—Dean understood now—the real reason he had asked Rowena to drift with Jimmy. Dean was afraid that if they touched now, he would try and seek the connection another way.
“Are you suggesting the work we are doing in the Dome is pointless? Save Grace I helped re-build and maintain every Jaeger left in this base.” Dean stepped towards the table pointing at the projection. He was trying to hide how agitated he was and failed miserably, as always. “Besides, Sammy made me circle through all his candidates. There was no one compatible so why even have this discussion?”
“What alternative do we have?” Ash added the data collected when the United Nations last tried to close the rim by brute force. There had not even been a scratch to the energy flow of the rupture, but a giant crater remained on the ocean floor, that made the Breach floating in the open.
“Look who finally woke up.” Rowena greeted, coffee in hand, lab coat on and a cigarette dangling from the corner of her mouth.
“You underestimate my power.” Dean managed to laugh although he felt bile creep up his throat from the memories flooding back. Sam was fussing over him, accusing him of playing his trauma and mental strain down. Dean held his head and only half listened. Had he dreamed that up? The Angel entering the Drift? Jimmy disappearing? Or had it actually happened? Was it just a nightmare because of what Jimmy had said in the lab? How could he dream up something so vivid and terrifying? Dean had to know. He had to check.
“Well, it does not exactly take a mathematical genius to figure out that the frequency of Angel sightings has been growing shorter and shorter over the last twenty-four years.” Charlie pointed at the data projected onto the table. She was the only geek not wearing her lab coat, instead she rocked a t-shirt depicting Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock fiercely making out. “At the beginning there was an Angel attack every thirty-two weeks, then sixteen, then eight, then four, and last we checked it was every two. It’s simple math, if the equation holds up this was the last time we got a two-week gap. Starting from now it will be one-week, then four days, then two days, then one. And finally, we will have several Angels daily.”
“Just peachy.” Dean stuffed the hospital gown into the bag. He folded his arms and pointedly looked at the numbers just over the elevator doors. Same made a face but did not comment. On the right floor they made their way to the labs. The few people passing by greeted with curious or relieved faces but since the brothers had clearance for the whole facility nobody stopped them.
“But now we had a Category IV double sighting?” It was more a question than a statement. Rufus moved to open the files on Balthazar and Castiel. “The pests have become more powerful over time, learning our defenses and weapons.”
“Daddy.” Twelve-year-old Claire Novak almost fell into the room. With her juice box still in hand she jumped around her father’s neck and hugged him fiercely. “You’re awake!”
Rufus eyed him critically. His professionalism made way for the easy drawl he used when talking to Bobby. “I don’t know what’s more disappointing, soldier, that you would rather be a mechanic than a Jaeger pilot or that you seem to believe your wish for privacy is more important than the lives of tens of thousands of people.”
“Yes, sir.” The curt affirmation made clear that he was not going to comply. Dean was never again stepping into a Jaeger with any other intention than to righten its mechanics. He had long since decided that his brother should remain the last person he let into his head.
The brothers were unnerved by Jimmy’s stillness. He only moved when explicitly asked to do so and his default reaction seemed to be gazing back at Dean, who promptly averted his gaze. Every time a shiver ran down his back. While checking his breathing and lungs Mick asked Jimmy the same standard questions in order to check on his memory and head. He answered them all just as Dean did, but he took long moments of silent contemplation before giving his answers. Meanwhile, Dean disconnected the machinery and one of the nurses coming back to check on Jimmy freed him from his IV bag. He had the sudden urge to flee from the room as fast as possible.
“Winchester.” Rufus’ smile always seemed both warm and scolding. One could never be sure what lay behind it. Dean only used the Marshal’s first name in his own head. Although Rufus was a friend of Bobby’s since before Dean was born, he was still their most senior officer and a legend of a Jaeger pilot. “You know what this is about.”
Sam knew nothing would come of bringing John up and changed course. “Jimmy had the best score of all applicants and the neuro connection was strong enough. The two of you are definitely drift compatible.”
“Take it slow.” Mick finally reassured Jimmy, apparently done with his examination and satisfied with his patient. “What do you remember of the fight?”
“I don’t want to hear it, Winchester.” Rufus warned. “This is an unprecedented Category IV double sighting. You will get your asses into Saving Grace and you will fight those Angels.”
“You got that?” Rufus shouted over the noise of shocked voices swamping the control room. “There is a second Angel. Do you copy? 5 o’clock another Angel is approaching fast!”
“Hey there.” He greeted her and brought Sam’s rant to a sudden halt. “I did not know you would join our little band of misfits on the sinking ship.”
Glad Jimmy’s attention was no longer on him, Dean did not wait for Mick to give the okay. He moved Sam towards the hallway and grabbed his bag, no doubt containing clothes that fit. “Let’s go.”
Of course, he did. It was almost time for dinner anyways. Maybe Jo or Benny would save him some meatloaf if it took longer to persuade Rufus to finally leave him alone. Dean grabbed for the rope and lowered himself along the front of Impala’s chipped exterior. Greeting his colleagues on his way down to the mid level bridge, he tried not to look directly into any welting flames. Finally, on his own two legs again, he unclipped the rope and was happy to get rid of the harness.
“I am Castiel.” Jimmy corrected in the small silence that spread between them at Dean’s hesitation. There was no malice or lecturing in his dark voice—so much darker than it had been hours before. It was as if stating a fact, as if confirming that the sky was indeed blue. Without hinting at it or making demands with his words, the gaze that hit him from underneath inquisitive eyelashes demanded that Dean acknowledge what he already feared when coming here: That this was indeed the Angel Castiel sitting in front of him.
“The Angel blood did a number on Mr. Novak.” Mick answered Sam’s question before talking directly to Jimmy. “Your face and skin were too long exposed to it. You drank too much, maybe were even close to drowning from it. The skin irritations will mostly heal with time, but I fear your eyes will remain as they are. Can you see properly?”
“Then you better hurry!” Rufus could not say more when the distressed screams of the Trans demanded his attention. He turned away shouting more orders. Sam hurried to join Dean in catching the elevator, already on his phone and asking for his recruit.
Sam would not refuse him. Dean had sweat like crazy during his dream. The room reeked like fear. His brother looked at him suspiciously.
Charlie started a holo-routine that illustrated her plan. “We could make it this time. For quite some time now, we haven’t been able to detect the big boys when passing through. They managed to adapt to our sensors, however, older data suggests that Angels emit a signature of excess radiation only when exiting into the Pacific. It correlates with the Breach. We theorize, it might open up for the right signature. If we manage to recreate the signal, we could be able to disguise a bomb and cause enough damage to make the connection collapse.”
“Winchester.” Rufus stepped into the eyeline of the brothers, preventing them from starting one of their renounced arguments. Since they had stopped drifting things had gotten rough between them. “I know Bobby has been lenient with you, but this has to stop. You need to get back out there and do your job. This base used to hold thirty Jaeger, but now there are barely four left. Anti-Angel Walls all around the Pacific are failing and we have barely any funding left. We are losing. There are no better candidates. We are no longer an army; we are the resistance. The world is coming to an end, Dean, and where would you rather die?”
The prisoner considered Dean with a contemplative look, tilting his head, and narrowing his glowing blue eyes. The shine had dulled a little since they had woken up in the hospital, but it was still far away from anything remotely human. Finally, Jimmy shook his head and disagreed. “Not everything.”
“I would know.” Jimmy said and shrugged. For the first time lowering his eyes in thought. “And so would you.”
Then there was the fight progressing. They had been able to observe the clash from the inside of Grace’s head, while the choppers brought them to the battle ground. When they flew over Okinawa, they had witnessed via the comms how Balthazar went down. Observing—still in the heads of one another, sharing their emotions—how the many limbed beast had stopped moving, the blast from its exploding heart painting the sky blue. Not long after Castiel had managed to break open Young Prophet’s outer shell and the Jaeger went down .
They watched the little symbol for radioactivity fall through the simulated channel, blowing it up on Charlie’s command.
Dean crossed his arms. Not quite sure what to say he shrugged. “People just kinda get used to it, I guess.”
“You cannot hide inside the Dome forever, boy.” Bobby rightened his cap, disapproval written all over his pursed lips and scruffy beard. He was the senior officer overseeing the Jaeger maintenance and reconstruction. His uncle was also his direct superior. “Fixing up the ladies is an important job, Dean. And I am happy to have you out there. But now with Grace in the Dome and Impala on her way to be functional again, you should overthink your decision.”
Dean was not able to avert his eyes, not able to do anything but hold Jimmy’s piercing gaze. The pressure in his head returned. There was the same feeling as if something was pushing in, forcing Dean to remember. His vision swam.
Their family history was already public enough. The brothers could hardly leave base without being swamped by civilians. More than that, Dean knew whoever would be his partner piloting a Jaeger and sharing the Drift, would get a front row seat into his most private thoughts, hopes and insecurities. With his old partners it had been easier, especially since dad had left him no choice. But John was gone and after his last mission with Sammy Dean was simply done. He could do more for the fight inside the Shatterdome.
Sam adjusts the dial on the radio, shaking it a bit to remove the static somehow but he gives up, thinking that the station was at fault. He was fiddling with it the day before and he finally managed to get it work, there wasn’t much to do in the bunker especially when they were taking a break from hunting. Has it been a month already? Where did the time even go?
