It probably meant nothing, of course. The door was solid, easily solid enough to block most sounds—
They should have left you to rot.
“This room,” he says. “Is it secure?”
He knows this for a simple fact. Ever since his post-Manhattan panic attacks opened up a thrilling new world of ways for his body to betray him, he’s made sure that each of the suits contain an override protocol to stabilize against involuntary muscle movement. He could be in the middle of an epileptic fit, and the armor would hold him as still and steady as one of the guards at Buckingham Palace, albeit infinitely better dressed.
“It’s
Rogers told him over the phone less than an hour ago, and just now—
He glances across the table, and is a little glad to see he’s apparently not the only one who finds the meeting unbearable. It had been hard, at first, for him to read Iron Man—between the all-concealing armor and the voice modulator, there weren’t many signals left to follow. But as he’d gotten to know the man better, he’d learned to pick up on the little signs that indicated his mood—the little movements, the subtle shifts of tone or position. Iron Man is open as a book, to someone who knows how to read him.
The word drops like a lead weight into the room.
This is just the thing that wears his skin.
aren’t just words to Steve. Steve
It could’ve been anyone who ratted him out, but Steve couldn’t help wondering if Monaghan had thought
. Not anyone at all, do you understand?”
“Steve? Are you there? I just need to know if you’re— Come on, please.” The worry has returned to Iron Man’s voice, sharper now than before, a bleeding edge.
, suit flying to embrace you like your last friend in the world—it’s mostly a relief.
(See the end of the chapter for
How does Iron Man not get that? “I just wanted—” He realizes he’s cut Iron Man off again, and stops.
Iron Man did say, when he first agreed to—to
“Everything’s fine,” Steve says.
“What?” Iron Man sounds genuinely shocked. “No! God, no. How could you— And even if I was that much of an asshole, I hope I’m not that much of a hypocrite.”
“…on my own.”
“I can’t—” says someone else, or maybe it’s the same someone. “You’re so—
“Like this?”
Because of course Rogers and the Rogues
future, it’s— Damn it, it’s everything you are. You’ve carried this around inside you for so long, felt your tissues toughen and deform around the unrelenting wound of it—you’ve shaped yourself,
Steve, who you haven’t spoken to in— It must be days, now. Steve, who stood by and said nothing as you remanded yourself to federal custody, who couldn’t even be bothered to come and visit you in your analog prison before the Trojan lurking in your brain executed and broke you out again. Steve, who even now is probably strategizing how to
You’ve taken out Sentry and everything is, for once, unfolding exactly according to plan. You lead the rest of your pursuers on a wild goose chase with a remote-piloted suit of armor (and try not to count how many friends and colleagues have turned out to hunt you down) while you run your hacker to the ground at Wembley Stadium. And there you are, face to face with the man who’s made you a murderer, only it turns out he’s not a man at all but just some kid who’s been pointing you like a gun at his daddy issues, and he’s just telling you about the dead man’s switch he’s implanted in your brain when—
The old panic begins to claw at the insides of his chest.
think, for one minute— You don’t owe me a
Flash forward and you’re trying to strip—you’re still mostly dressed, you haven’t even taken your socks off, and what a fucking joke, to have laid waste to your entire life with your jeans around your ankles and your feet encased in an outsized pair of Sal’s hemp fiber and organic cotton socks—but you keep getting sidetracked by your own hands. You can’t see to stop staring at them. These are the hands of someone who could do this. This is the way the tendons arch as they flex.
Steve thinks, blankly. Tony has invited women here, even knowing that Steve— He can’t be planning on bringing them in here, can he? Decrepit as he is, Steve is still recognizable. God, the scandal—
you’re getting off on— Oh, Jesus, Steve, I’m not going to last.”
He snorts and releases Steve’s chin—withdraws his hand, wiping his fingers on the taut-stretched skin of Steve’s cheek.
It’s already easier than you’d expected, to turn and walk away.
The legs of the chair screech across the floor as Steve shoves away from the table. This.
“The armor isn’t really the cuddliest…”
“It’s not—” Steve gasps and Iron Man obligingly comes to a halt.
“Everything all right?”
He fought off… what? Fifteen this morning?
Steve is starting to get angry. He knows he shouldn’t— Knows it’s
“I certainly feel… something,” Tony hedged.
he doesn’t know. How did he never realize before how much?
Anyway, now we’ve gotten all that pesky plot out of the way, here's a sneak preview of next chapter:
Tony spins around and sweeps his arm across the surface of the desk, sending phone, complimentary pens and notepads, and agonizingly tasteful flower arrangement crashing to the floor. “Do not,” he gets out, “fuck me on this, Rogers. I want.
Steve thinks there are some tortures that would be preferable to this. He’s trying so desperately hard not to so much as think the name, so hard not to picture
“It is your tower,” Steve concedes after a moment, almost gracious, like he’s giving you something.
“Steve? I— You’re sending a lot of mixed signals, here.”
“Don’t— just—
“…huh,” Iron Man says finally. “Well, that’s good. Right? In general, I mean. I thought it was going to be something much worse. Not to minimize… Just. It sounds like you’ve got things pretty well in hand. Oh. Hell. No pun intended.”
Your brain is a mess of signals, fight and flight both blaring at once. You can feel the undersuit readying to push its way up through your skin. You suppress the instinct—this isn’t that kind of fight, but god, it
like he thinks the intimacy between you is still alive and breathing.
When the rest of the dishes are dried and put away, the glass disposed of and an apologetic note left on the refrigerator, Steve goes back to his room. He’s aware he’s dragging his feet, thinking longingly of the gym the whole time, but he knows this mood well enough to know that it could turn at any moment and he doesn’t want to be in a public area when it happens.
“Quiet, Avenger.”
“Fine,” Steve gets out, “
Iron Man sighs again and takes a seat. He angles himself towards Steve, leaving plenty of space between them, but the message is clear.
“Looking forward to that, huh? Can’t deny it’ll be a relief. That groin plate’s been getting mighty uncomfortable.”
You make your excuses. Well, call a spade a spade: you blow him off, but ever since Extremis it’s like he can’t even look at you except to criticize and you can’t— You don’t have
“—smote him greatly with a piece of the building the villain had himself shattered. Thus was the foe made victim of his own destruction, and thus was he, as all shall be who threaten the peace of this fair city, vanquished by the mighty Avengers!”
Steve nods stiffly, slightly mollified, but doesn’t turn around.
he doesn’t understand, he doesn’t know what’s coming, he doesn’t know
,” Steve breathes.
Steve remembers, and
Steve hears a loud, almost cartoonish smooching sound, and then Iron Man is leaning over him and pressing a callused palm to Steve’s cheek. Steve can feel the damp imprint of Iron Man’s lips against his skin. He presses his hand over Iron Man’s, holding it in place as he turns his head into the touch, fitting his own lips over the place on Iron Man’s palm where the traces of his kiss still linger.
Steve’s eyes.
The words are cut short by another chuckle, and now that Steve is paying attention, he has to admit, it doesn’t
He places one heavy hand on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve feels a rush of tension leave him. The other hand curls around the back of Steve’s neck, ruffling the short hairs at his neck. The metal isn’t as cold as Steve would have imagined, but it’s still cool enough to make him suck in an audible breath.
“Your chest. See how tight your nipples are? Mm, they’re just—oh, wow, just
Which presumably means he intends to
Steve kind of wants to laugh, and he kind of wants to groan, and he mostly wants to do something about the heat and pressure slowly mounting in every limb.
Iron Man shakes his head in sharp negation. “You’ve been holed up in your room all week, snapping the nose off of anyone who comes near you. You canceled an appointment with Mr. Stark—”
Steve is startled by how badly he
Control is something you no longer have the luxury of losing.
Except if it was you—if, in that knife’s edge of a moment you were the one to lean in, to close the distance, to bridge the gap between thought and deed, well. That sets you pretty firmly on the road to damnation, but it’s not like you weren’t there already, and at least it means you chose this. At least it means you were in control.
Iron Man’s laugh sounds strange to Steve’s ears. “I
Hastily, he jerks his mind away from the thought of Tony, but… radio. He could do that. He used to like listening to the radio.
Steve jerks back, shoulders slamming against the wall with an awful, incriminating thud.
“Iron Man took him out. Thor… helped.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“Seems like some sort of hive mind,” Giant Man observes. “If we were to take out the controller…”
Except.
Iron Man swears. “I’m so sorry,” he says, “I swear I didn’t mean to—”
“Loki,” Tony says, watching the scotch arc amber through the air, “only tried to take over the world.”
Despite the awkwardness, there’s such a warmth and total sincerity in Iron Man’s voice that it occurs to Steve for one wild moment that he could actually try it. Surely if he can tell anyone, it’s Iron Man? Iron Man would never shrink away, would never laugh at him. With him, maybe.
It’s two days later that everything goes to hell.
Steve makes it home, barely, and even that is through sheer force of will. He’s not sure what he’d do if someone caught sight of Captain America jerking off in an alley. The press would have a field day.
Steve jerks his mind away from the thought.
You painted your legacy in the colors of the setting sun.
is what it is, the way he looms so large in your mind, eating up memory, overloading your servers, running your processors into the ground. You need something: a patch, an update, an override. It’s impairing your functioning; you can’t
“All done.”
Tony stows the phone again and stands up. Steve lets his head droop a little and watches him pace for a moment, the immaculate crease of his pant legs, the shining leather of his shoes.
Steve nods, sending a wave of pain and dizziness through his head. “I’ll do,” he says. “How long was I out?”
“Enough for us,” you say, scrambling now, “for you and me to work out in the long run. We’re too different; you have to see that.”
Next up: Just two bros, neither of whom are secretly and/or unwittingly in love or lust with the other, having a conversation about sexuality and genetically modified biology. Everyone is super honest and no one hides anything because again, neither of these bros is secretly and/or unwittingly in love or lust with the other.
been acting a little strangely recently, with his intermittent melancholy, his vacillation between reluctance and enthusiasm. But then, it’s been a strange few days. A strange situation.
Steve has a brief image of ruddy, irritated skin, striping down muscular shoulders, carving across a sharp-cut collarbone, girdling the waist below. Imagines fitting his lips to the weals, soothing the galled flesh with his tongue—the way Iron Man would gasp. Would moan. No one would have done that for him before…
That sadness is swept away as Steve realizes the other thing Iron Man has been trying to keep Steve from feeling, namely, the fact that he’s still wearing underwear, and that underneath it, he’s fully hard and leaking. Steve can feel the evidence pressed against his thigh.
There are fingers dragging over his abused nipples, hands kneading his ass and jerking his cock—too many hands, there must be someone else here, and so it doesn’t surprise him at all when—
Laziness is a luxury not often afforded to him. He decides to savor that too.
,” Steve says, for the pleasure of hearing Iron Man’s gasp. He’s so turned on he can barely see straight as it is. A blindfold is hardly a hardship.
“What?” he hears himself say, as in his mind,
It tastes… pretty good, actually. Salty, and a little bit hearty.
He takes a steadying breath, then lowers his hands from his temples and reaches for the note.
Could something have changed? Was it something Steve did? Something he said or didn’t say?
Come find me on tumblr
(See the end of the chapter for
"Was it something I said?"
“Take this,” Steve says, in a tone that brooks no argument, and hands him the damp washcloth, “and give me the spare.”
Eternal thanks to everyone who helped me through this chapter. It’s been a fucking year I’ve been working on it and I literally cannot remember everyone who answered my sporadic, sobbing pleas for help on Discord, but please know that I love you. Extra special super duper eternal thanks to Fourth-of-Foxes and Antrodemus for truly excellent beta-work; all mistakes, flaws, and imperfections are entirely my own.
And that was what he called
“No, you are not,” Iron Man agrees, “and believe me, I’m enjoying that, but I was mostly talking about all this.” He swipes a finger through the precum beading at the head of his cock, dragging across his slit in a way that makes Steve moan and rock his hips. “You’re so
belong to him?
“What I’m trying to say is—”
,” he repeats, too tersely.
Thanks to the wonderful wynnesome for brainstorming help, and to my fabulous alpha, Antrodemus, who requested mOAr feelz. Antro, I hope this satisfies.
Rostro raises a gaudy-looking baton, gesturing wildly. “Arise, my legions!”
all of us, the entire superhuman community at war with itself, and you and me?” The proximity is rapidly becoming unbearable—you can feel his breath, the memory of heat against your lips, but you don’t let yourself move away, not until you’ve delivered the final blow: “We’re on opposite sides.”
He has no words for what he needs. No words at all, only the picture on the screen—only that slick, obscene glide of flesh, in and out, in and out, the smacking impact of bodies and the tinny sound of the blond man’s moans as Tony—God,
“What is this, an H.G. Wells novel? I’ll have you know that my robot suit is powered by far more sophisticated technology than cogs. Steam-power at the
Steve leans forward. There’s a spark of that old recklessness in his gaze, the way he used to look right before he threw himself off skyscrapers, expecting you to catch him, and you find yourself remembering the first rule of flying:
A moment’s hesitation.
Steve feels his way along Iron Man’s thighs again until he comes to his cock. He takes it in hand, enjoying the heft of it. He enjoys even more the way Iron Man jumps at his touch. When he fits his lips over the head, Iron Man swears aloud.
Steve’s groan this time has little to do with pleasure. “D-don’t tease.”
Steve can feel Tony’s cock swelling, a firmer, fuller weight on his tongue. Soon Tony will be too much for Steve to hold in his mouth without choking. He imagines that, being forced, airless, onto Tony’s cock, struggling helplessly as Tony thrusts and groans and comes down his throat. The image sends a hot spike of lust and shame through his innards, even as his useless, old man’s body remains stubbornly soft.
He's not exactly surprised by what he sees, but the sight sets something cold leaking out of him nevertheless, like air from a punctured tire. The far side of the bed has been remade, covers and sheets tugged haphazardly into place. There’s a folded piece of paper sitting on one pillow, but apart from that, the bed is empty.
covering kink meme parts 7-9
Love, love, of course you love him, but it’s not a question of love. It’s the future,
,” Iron Man breathes, so soft and fast that it sounds almost involuntary. “No, Cap—”
Yeah. Not going there.
It isn’t the response he was expecting. Tony blinks, tension still thrumming through him, braced against a blow that’s yet to fall.
It’ll be fine.
“I need it,” Steve says, squeezing his eyes together so tightly he can feel tears spring to the corners of his eyes. “You, I need— oh god, Shellhead,
“Don’t—don’t what? I’m not stopping, I— You don’t mean— You don’t want me to talk, I’m just making a mess—”
“I am not. Afraid,” you bite out but both of you know it for a lie.
After the first two days, the frequency of the urges does decrease a little, but the corresponding increase in intensity more than compensates. Steve can go hours at a time without feeling anything but a faint restlessness, and then suddenly, sometimes triggered by a thought or a word, sometimes by nothing at all that Steve can discern, the need will come on him, even stronger than the first time. It builds and breaks over him like a storm—electric, torrential—until his vision goes cloudy and grey and his mind drowns in thoughts of
Tony put up his chin and his jaw was set, like he—like he expected Steve to
“I’d like to try something, if that’s okay with you.”
A second, shorter pause.
“Yeah?”
“A very little,” Iron Man agrees. The tightness is still there, but there’s a smile in his voice.
With his eyes shut tight, Steve has no way of knowing what he looks like, but judging by Iron Man’s hissing intake of breath, he must be quite a sight. Well. He can be self-conscious later; right now, he just needs—
“Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, you did. You showed up and you almost got taken down by Paste-Pot Pete.
Which you won’t, of course. Even if it is kind of funny, if you think about it. You guess it’s one way of circumventing your destiny. And at least that way, you wouldn’t have to tell Steve…
Well. He knows exactly what he needs, or at least, what he’s about to need. It’s just that it had been such a good morning. For a little while at least.
Tony pinches the bridge of his nose in one gauntleted hand and takes a steadying breath. Then, with the unfriendliest smile he can muster: “So. Tell me, what was so important that you decided to gamble on a one way ticket to super-supermax to pay me a visit?”
valuable than any of the people he leads. Can you at least give me a ballpark?”
his brain supplied unhelpfully—then chances were they were going to have to requisition a ship, and if there was one man in the world Steve would trust to pilot a damn flying saucer off the cuff, it was Tony Stark.
Tony supposes it would. It’s the sort of thing Rogers cares about. Principles. Integrity. Honor. The sorts of things you put on a banner and wave around when you’ve never had to compromise anything. Never dirtied your hands, never sold a piece of your soul for the greater good.
about the note of cheer in Iron Man’s voice, but Steve doesn’t have time to think about that now, doesn’t have time for anything but—
He means, you need to be
Iron Man lets out a sound of startled amusement. “Where on earth did you hear— Yeah. Yeah, okay, jets cooled.” He breathes out in a noisy, pressurized
The movement stops.
“Cap? Are you—?”
“Oh, god,” Iron Man gasps out. “Did you just…? I don’t think I can— I’m gonna—”
He breathes in sharply, like you’ve landed a blow. But he doesn’t falter.
You lick your lips and wonder vaguely if you’ll ever be able to taste anything but salt again.
For answer, Steve reaches out, clumsily seeking out Iron Man’s hand. Capturing it in both of his, he raises it to his lips, kissing first the back, and then the palm.
“Not Wasp or Giant Man? Because I’m pretty sure they’re toge—”
Tony yanks a smile across his face. “Well, you know us corporate fat cats. Anything for cheap labor and lower taxes.”
He spreads his knees, slides his hips forward on the chair.
“No,” Iron Man agrees, “no, of course not. You’re much more of a dog-type. One of those big wolfy-looking ones with the bright eyes and the noble bearing.”
“I have to go,” he says, and then he turns on his heel and runs. He hears someone call out from behind him, but he doesn’t stop, doesn’t even slow his pace, only vaults over the crushed ruins of an abandoned taxi cab and disappears into the city beyond.
“You have no idea, do you, what you look like, doing that? You look like—
“Hey, Shellhead,” he says. “Nice to see you.”
So he hadn’t listened.
“Wh—what do you—?” Steve stammers.
covering kink meme parts 12-14
“Hurry,” is all he says.
. And the kind of fucked up thing is that you believe too, you’ve
A door opens and you jump. Maya again, edged by the sweet, fresh steam of a shower. How long have you been sitting here?
“Because what’s a little light arms trafficking on top of criminal conspiracy, aiding and abetting, harboring a fugitive…”
again. Somewhere beneath the layers of heat and noise, Steve is surprised to realize the sounds are coming from his own mouth. He hardly even knows what they mean, only that he can’t stop making them. It’s part compulsion, part imperative.
“What do you need?” Iron Man rasps. He’s moving, but still too careful, too shallow and maddeningly slow. Steve tries to take him deeper but he can’t quite get the leverage. He lets out a growl of frustration.
The water feels different today, his skin still strangely sensitized. The sheer amount of information… it’s as if he’s individually aware of each point where the water touches his skin. It’s a little overwhelming, but soothing, too, the way that white noise is soothing. It’s a shame he hadn’t thought of a shower earlier; he could have asked Iron Man to join him.
The truth.
“Yeah?” Steve asks, hating how uncertain he sounds, how needy.
And then there’s warmth on his hip and a hand settling over the one working his cock.
You let the doctors poke and prod and run whatever tests they can think of for another thirty-six hours, and then you check yourself out of the hospital. Technically it’s “against medical advice” but the doctors know as well as you do that there’s no real reason to keep you there. They just want a chance to study you some more. Which is nothing you don’t know how to handle; you’re used to people wanting a piece of you (although usually not so literally; strange, the hunger of this dawning world, where people come for you with scalpels in hand).
Tony’s laugh is ugly even to his own ears. “Oh, I think we’ve established I had the situation under control.”
“Jealous of myself, huh? Now there’s a concept.”
“I want to.”
It doesn’t help that he’s doing it in an incriminatingly tight costume.
It’s not Jarvis.
No discipline at all.
He has no idea what he’ll say to Iron Man when he sees him again. No idea what he
“I’d need you to…” Iron Man plucks at the collar of Steve’s t-shirt.
Tony thinks, and for once in his life he can’t think of anything else to say.
Steve, and it’s nothing like we’ve ever seen before. Because this time, there is no ‘us versus them.’ It’s us versus
“You can’t see my face.”
“Not ones like that. Not on top of everything else.”
Steve half-rests his cheek on Tony’s leg—powerful, firm, everything Steve will never be again—and breathes in the musk between his thighs, saturating his senses with Tony’s scent, losing himself in it.
Steve nods dully.
Really good, actually.
“I’ve got some time to kill.”
? You’re nothing more than Tony Stark’s little wind-up toy!”
Steve wets his lips and reaches for words of reassurance but finds none. He feels one of the tears finally spill from the corner of his eye, darts out his tongue to taste the salt as it trickles down his cheek.
Silence. Nothing emanating from beyond except a faint, fragrant warmth on the air.
He’s not sure what, exactly, only that Iron Man’s absence seemed suddenly and sickeningly inevitable. The twist in a story he’d failed to notice unfolding. The blow he should’ve seen coming.
“You’re absolutely right,” Iron Man says gravely, carrying on a one-sided conversation. “That was far too open-ended. Forget the metaphysics, let’s stick with something concrete. What do you usually do?”
It even has the virtue of being true, although ‘ideas’ might at this stage be a generous description.
He comes twice more in the space of an hour, both times, despite his best efforts to distract himself, with visions of Tony on his mind.
Wasp shakes her head. “What happened? One minute we were fighting and the next you were just standing there, staring up. It was like you were hypnotized or something.”
, he wants to say, but he can’t seem to get his throat to work. Anyway, it’s not true. Not really. It
“I know,” Iron Man says, as the last few hiccups of laughter subside. He takes Steve’s arm where it’s fallen between them and presses it to his chest for a moment, before lowering it once more to the mattress. “I should go. It’s getting late.”
The wave of relief that crashes over him is so profound that for a moment it sweeps everything else away in its wake—all of the anger, all of the fear, the self-loathing, the grief—
Now here’s something a little more his speed. A simple, almost impersonal still of penetration, titled with the blandly descriptive “Dave Andrews tops” followed by the name of another actor Steve doesn’t recognize. Got to be worth a try at least.
Iron Man’s supposed to be his best friend, and Steve doesn’t even know Iron Man’s gender.
to leave. He just had errands to run. Steve can understand that.
Iron Man has gone.
and Steve doesn’t have to hide anymore. Not entirely.
“I’ve given you as long as I can, but if I don’t pee soon, I’m gonna get a UTI. Not all of us have a genetically-engineered healing factor, you know.”
Steve has raised his own hand in unconscious sympathy; now he shudders, feeling his own breath across his knuckles, the promise contained within dampness and heat, while in his mind…
“I know you.” The compassion on his face is a terrible thing to behold. He’s leaning in now, closing that carefully manufactured ground. “This is what you do when you’re scared: you push people away. You take on so much and you always think you have to do everything on your own, but I’m here to tell you, you don’t.”
as the call goes through and is unable to hold back a sob of relief.
“—brave, patriotic men and women,” Steve continues, trailing his fingers lightly back and forth across his pecs, “unfailingly courteous as hosts—”
“It’s not Thor.” Steve forces it out through clenched teeth. His fingers spasm, closing around empty air, and he’s trying
He reaches around behind himself, searching for the entrance into his body, but the muscle there is clenched and unyielding. He presses in anyway. It
(No. He won’t dwell on that, he
, Cap. He gave
You lift an uncallused hand to your chest and trace over the places your scars used to lie. Steve loved your scars. You remember the night he took you to bed for the first time, the way he traced his tongue over every crater and fault-line in your skin until you wondered if it was possible to die of wanting someone too much.
There’s already a damp patch at the front of his boxers. Steve hesitates, then pulls the boxers off and tosses them aside, and then there’s nothing but the darkness at his eyes and the rough tangle of sheets below and the coolness of the air against his heated skin and his terrible, burning desire.
“Okay,” Iron Man says. “Okay.”
Slightly more obscure title this time, so if you were wondering, it’s a reference to the Book of Daniel and the prophesied coming of a kingdom of iron, symbolized by a statue with feet of mingled iron and clay. “And as you saw the feet and toes, part of potter's clay, and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in it the strength of the iron… And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken” (Daniel 2:41-42), and like, if that ain’t Tony…
like this.
his traitor brain supplies—the way he would smile at the sight of Steve, just like he did when Steve saw him—was it two mornings ago?
. You don’t know what else to say, don’t know what you can give him except this sad, small sliver of truth.
Imagines
Which is right about when the physical manifestation of your own hubris slams into you like the fist of god and knocks you clean out of the sky.
If he—
It won’t be happening anytime soon, is the point.
“Cap? Winghead, you there?”
And that’s right, he’s forgotten something, hasn’t he?
Steve waits. Focused. Patient.
) his body. Gritting his teeth, he tugs his finger free and grabs hold of the bedsheet instead, pulling the cotton tight over his curled fingers.
You’re thinking of those glad-handing suits in Washington with their backchannel negotiations and their hemming and hawing and their
But what could he possibly say?
“Going somewhere?” he asks.
Iron Man makes a frustrated noise low in his throat. “You think anyone would care who you’re thinking about? Christ, do you know how many of those men are probably married with kids—?” but Steve is gone again, back to that smoky, low-lit room and
Steve gives himself over to Iron Man’s hands, letting his own fall to the side. The touch at his side slides along the line that joins his hip to his pubic bone, down the inside of his thigh to cup his balls, rolling them gently inside their sack.
this time it will be enough to wash everything else away.
Tony leans forward, voice all poison and honey.
This is what you are dreaming:
“There is no third option!” Christ, you’d have better luck talking to a brick wall, except—
Iron Man gives head like he’s starving for it, and somehow, at the same time, trying to savor every moment of it. Like a condemned prisoner eating his last meal, Iron Man licks and sucks and swallows Steve down and down until Steve can feel Iron Man’s throat constricting around his cock.
He clamps his eyes shut as his heartbeat stutters and speeds to a fluttering arrhythmia, spurred on by a sick and guilty excitement. He feels like he's suddenly found himself in uncharted waters. Without the blindfold, anything could happen. He could’ve seen Iron Man’s face. He could still see it. All he has to do is open his eyes.
“Do you want me to?”
If Rogers hadn’t come, it would have been a blood bath.
Except then Steve says, “Luke.”
“Well,” Giant-Man says, glancing around the table. “If that’s everything…” His voice trails away in invitation.
Because he can see what’s before him, plain as anything—one large hand wrapped in a steadying grasp around his arm, fingers creasing the costly linen of Tony’s shirt, the whole tableau framed against a darkening sky, the city beyond the window falling into dusk.
“Can I—” you ask, already lifting your hands again, but Maya jerks her head, a sharp denial.
Tony stops.
Steve wakes hours later to morning wood and the realization—if the complete lack of urgency accompanying his erection is anything to go by—that his cycle is finally winding down. He rolls his shoulders back in a stretch, and palms himself contentedly. He always has a day or two like this at the end of a cycle, after the worst of the fervor has passed but before his libido abandons him completely—a day or two where he can want the way he imagines most people want, at his leisure, without need gnawing at his bones. He doesn’t think Iron Man will mind if Steve takes care of himself now. Maybe Iron Man will even want to lend him a hand. Maybe—he smiles at the thought—Steve can return the favor.
, god, he needs—
“The Care Bear Squad didn’t have anything like this when they attacked me today,” he says, but his tongue feels thick and clumsy in his mouth.
“Then I’ll do it,” Steve says decisively and makes a grab for the cloth.
This story is narrated solely from Steve’s POV, but if you think Tony doesn’t immediately go and have a nice shame-wank to the memory of what Captain America looks like when he's just been sucker-punched by lust, allow me to correct that misconception.
“Come on,” he says. “Take a load off. Stay a while.”
“Why do they all think they’re special? What do they think they have that makes them worth my time?”
“You don’t get to decide that,” he says now, steel in his voice, and then, as silence begins to stretch between you again, “I don’t think it’s an unreasonable question.”
And just like that all your visions of the future go up in smoke. It is so strong, even now, even after everything: the drive that has propelled you through most of your adult life.
broken his nose at least once, scrapper that he is. Give him a fighter’s nose then, a little flattened but still proud, and the eyes… Well. No reason not to picture those, the way Steve’s seen them so many times, brilliant and blue and
Remembers the last time Steve grabbed him like this—remembers it so clearly it’s like he’s living it for a second time. Remembers what it looked like, Rogers’ hand falling heavy on his arm, the leather of his glove dull and ugly in its utility against the gaudy gleam of Tony’s armor.
can’t— Consider this a freebie, for auld lang syne or whatever, but don’t fucking— Just.
The tide is coming in, numbing his limbs, making him sluggish and dull. Taking him to itself. “I don’t understand,” is all he can think of to say. He swipes a hand across his mouth and finds that he’s shaking his head, a steady wobble of incomprehension. “I don’t
And Steve—no, Rogers, always, only Rogers now—grabbed him by the arm, held him back from the only certainty he had left. At least, that’s how it felt at the time. He understands, now, that Rogers was trying to keep him from another kind of fall. He can admit that, if only to himself. Rogers was right to stop him.
but Steve is already tugging the washcloth out of his hand. He balls it up, turns towards where he knows the bathroom to be, makes a quick estimation as to the distance and the height of the tub, and lobs the cloth into the air. The slap of wet cloth on porcelain and Iron Man’s indrawn breath tell him he’s hit his mark.
Rogers blinks again. His ears redden, tongue peeking out to moisten—fuck, pink, perfect lips, and maybe Tony didn’t think this through.
The darkness behind Steve’s closed lids deepens with every pass of the cloth around his head. There’s a desperate kind of unreality to it, the imposed blindness and the blazing need, as if Iron Man’s gentle (too, too gentle) touch is the only thing that still binds him to the world.
And now Tony’s taking even that away.
The call ends.
“It’s Tony,” Steve repeats, louder, and he thinks he might very well prefer to have his fingernails pulled up by their roots, but, “The person I’ve been— It’s Tony.”
. It’s an almost surreal kind of pleasure, like he’s being massaged by beams of midsummer sunlight. He lets his eyes flutter shut and imagines himself
Steve hears a curse, hastily muffled, before Iron Man’s weight lifts from the bed entirely.
to bother Iron Man. In fact, there’s probably every reason not to. There was definitely something off in Iron Man’s manner as he’d left this morning. Probably best to give him space until he wants to talk about it, and in the meantime, Steve can take care of himself.
“I’ve always thought so too,” Steve says, except…
Steve smiling and reaching for him
Steve can’t help it—he flinches, bodily. Images begin to rise in his mind—
He thinks of Tony’s hand stroking his brow, of the softness of his voice as he bent to murmur poison into Steve’s ear. If you didn’t listen to the words, it could almost pass for tenderness.
This smiling, cold-eyed simulacrum before him?
He watches as a ruddy tint steals slowly up Rogers’ cheeks and that’s…
A damp finger begins to circle, ever so gently, the inflamed skin around Steve’s rim.
Tony Stark. What a cockblock amirite? Or, not a cockblock. What’s the word for wanting to hang out with your currently-non-sexual crush except you don’t even realize it’s a crush, you just think you’re really, really horny for their friendship? A that-block.
“Now,” Tony says, “I’m going to get back to work. And you—”
Rogers may have abandoned his shield, but apparently he doesn’t need it, at least judging by the way Tony’s words ricochet back at him, striking him square in the chest, right where the arc reactor once lived.
“Hah. Yeah, it… Anyway… Listen, if you need anything, anything at all, just call me, okay?”
“Okay,” Iron Man says. “Yeah. Do you have a scarf, or…?”
“Let me guess,” Tony says. “It’s time-sensitive?”
“It’s
he said, shaking his head.
“Aw, jeez, Cap. What have you been doing to yourself?”
The thought of Iron Man getting him off with Tony’s technology is almost hotter than Steve can stand, but it’s not what he
In some sense it’s a relief, that drawing still belongs entirely to him, beyond the reach of the serum.
Steve clenches his jaw. He isn’t going to beg. He isn’t that far gone.
The ringing fades and other pains grow to take its place. The position is hard on his knees, but harder on his neck and back. Steve shifts and fidgets, trying to work his way by increments into a more comfortable position.
Just a few more days, he tells himself. It’s always worst at the beginning. Just another day or so of this relentless, overwhelming need, and then it’ll be at manageable levels again. He can apologize to Iron Man then. All he has to do is wait it out.
Because there is no other option; because this is the only world left to him.
The Hulkbuster reaches out and snatches up Steve in one massive hand. You hear him swallow back a shout of pain, watch his legs dance uselessly in the empty air. See the light refract off gleaming crimson and gold as the hand begins to squeeze.
the whole thing was just a joke—ill-considered, sure, but it did seem like the sort of thing Tony Stark might find funny.
Rogers is silent a moment, long enough for Tony to locate a tumbler and unstopper the bottle. Then:
Steve nods, then, remembering Iron Man can’t see him, forces out a terse, “Yes.”
Iron Man’s fingers flex, seemingly involuntarily, where they grasp Steve’s ass. Steve shudders and arches against him as Iron Man buries his helmeted face in Steve’s neck.
, that’s not what Steve needs, Iron Man doesn’t understand—
“We’ve been abducted by aliens,” Steve grit out. “Why would they have jasmine in
There’s an audible inhalation from behind him, but Iron Man doesn’t say anything.
Slowly, Steve sits back in his chair. Beneath the leather of his gloves, his fingers are tingling where Iron Man touched them. He shuts his eyes and passes the offending hand over his face.
There are moments when the future solidifies. When possibility slides into probability and probability crystallizes into certainty. But there are moments, too, where the future hangs in the balance, teetering between one eventuality and another.
You guys didn't think we were gonna get through this without dealing with the consent issues inherent in identity porn, did you? LOL
of surprise as Steve knocks away his supporting arm and he collapses forward onto Steve’s chest.
border. You can’t keep on slipping through their nets forever. It’s not sustainable.”
You’re feeling lightheaded—a pointless psychosomatic reaction. Surely you should be beyond that by now.
“Politicians, shareholders, the public. Yesterday a woman came up to me in the street, can you imagine? Telling me some sob story about her son, about how he’s paralyzed, about how Extremis is the only thing that can fix it, about how she should get for free what everyone else has to pay for.”
—but in an awkward, uncoordinated kind of way. More than once, when Steve angles his head wrong, Iron Man’s cock slips from his mouth, dragging wet trails across his cheek and chin, but from the sound of it, Iron Man doesn’t seem to mind.
There is a man who has made himself over a thousand times, standing in a bedroom with his heart in his throat and the future in his hands.
Iron Man’s laugh sounds a little strained. “I think I can say pretty categorically that I
Shut his eyes.
So there you are, two of the greatest minds of your generation, picking away at each other, small jabs and petty cruelties and somehow all the while drawing closer and closer…
But this time, far from filling Steve with frustration, the words sweep over him in a wave of heat, lighting prickling fires beneath his skin. It’s not just the meaning behind the words, though that too has changed—permission, now, when before it felt only like denial. It’s the way Iron Man is saying it, like he’s desperate for it, like the very idea of Steve taking his pleasure in that way has him on the verge of coming apart.
“Peachy,” Steve tells him, cheeks burning.
Iron Man sucks in a breath.
Steve hums his approval and begins to suck more vigorously, bobbing his head in time with his hand on his cock.
Rogers ignores him. “You start building in the district where the Sons of the Great Bear have been most active, then you organize a business trip with the kind of media fanfare usually reserved for visiting royalty—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay. Bad question,” Iron Man says. “Let me try again. What do you need?”
“Thinking of you,” Steve suggests. “That’ll give you something to be jealous of.”
To see Iron Man’s face…
“I mean it. The minute you need something, give me a ring.”
“All we could ever do was postpone the inevitable.” The suitcase lies open on the bed like an empty mouth, wordless and gaping. “There’s nothing left here to save. I’m sorry.”
“Guess it’s been a while, huh? Um. Sort of, push down and outwards, kind of like you’re— Hell, there’s no delicate way of saying this—”
Steve’s straining arms give way and he half sinks, half falls onto Iron Man’s chest. He makes the most of it though, brushing a clumsy kiss over where he thinks Iron Man’s mouth must be before his head drops all the way and he rolls to the side. He’s managed to brush the edge of Iron Man’s mouth-slot, at least. He knows Iron Man can’t have felt it, but he feels better for having done it just the same. It feels more honest that way.
Iron Man sighs again. “Then I’ll stay,” he says, adding, as the mattress depresses under his weight once more, “But I want to be the big spoon.”
he meant by it? He’d seemed so… surprised wasn’t the right word. More… caught out, by Steve’s reaction. Wrongfooted, even, if such a thing were possible.
He tries to pull back, but Steve follows the motion, attempting to convey, as eloquently as he can with his mouth full of cock, that Iron Man is welcome to come down his throat—that he wants it, even.
Tony reminded him of Monaghan sometimes, a little. They weren’t really anything alike. Charlie Monaghan was a sweet-faced kid of nineteen, soft-spoken and eager and none too bright, whereas Tony… Tony was all angles and hard-polished edges, and he was a damn sight older than nineteen.
Rogers brought him a bomb.
Tony’s lips pull back in a snarl, an awful, animal distortion. “Do you realize,” he asks, “what you’ve done? I might— I’m going to have to take you in!”
He rises now, looking down at Steve from his towering height, peerless and immaculate and inhuman. Steve’s body is a network of aches, radiating outwards from two central hubs of pain at his knees and jaw. He hasn’t even been kneeling five minutes, and already it’s almost more than he can bear.
— “I… more, I need to— you—
It’s hot and close between Maya’s thighs. You lose yourself for a while in the warmth and musky wet, in the tremoring of muscle and stuttering staccato of breath. You try to pull back for a moment, to kiss the insides of her thighs but they squeeze tight around you, holding you in place.
“That feels…” Steve pushes down again, and both he and Iron Man gasp together as Iron Man’s finger slips even further inside him.
No. Not Tony, Iron Man.
or—” a shadow of pain moving across his features “—or about the fact that you decided to destroy our relationship rather than have a single damn conversation with me, but.” He looks you square in the eyes. “The way I see it, it comes down to this: I love you, and I think what we have is worth fighting for. The question is…” His mouth works briefly; his hands clasp and reclasp. “Do you feel the same?”
Eternal thanks to the lovely
Tony’s face twists in concern. “You okay, Cap? You sound a little…” He sets his mug down on the counter and takes a few steps closer—too close by far. Steve is still as a statue, hardly daring to breathe.
“That’s quite the accusation.” His voice comes out surprisingly even.
…that had come out wrong.
Tony remembers threatening murder to FRIDAY, minutes or maybe half a lifetime ago. It’s starting to feel less and less like a joke by the second.
With an enormous effort, he tears his mind away. He’s hard as a rock now. His palms have begun to sweat.
I thought you killed yourself— and now you’re telling me— Jesus.” He shoves himself to his feet, crosses the room in a few strides. In the doorway he pauses, opens his mouth as if to say something more. Then he closes it again and disappears down the door. Numbly, you track his progress down the hallway through the security cameras. As you watch, he stops in his tracks and spins ninety degrees, drawing back his fist back as if to strike the wall. He stands poised there for a heartbeat, like the personification of wrath. Then he sways forward, seeming to crumple in on himself; his upraised hand flattens itself gently against the wall.
“Okay,” Iron Man affirms. “So. What can I do for you?”
“That’s not the issue here,” Iron Man says, a little sharply. “This is about you. Do you still want… what you were saying over the phone?”
Slowly, thighs trembling, Steve sinks to the floor. He flexes his wrists, testing his bonds. They’re not so tight, really. He could probably slip them if he had to, even like this. He might not even need to dislocate his thumb to do it, and even if he does, what’s one momentary pain compared to this prolonged agony, this death of a thousand cuts?
God only knows when you’ll see him again. On the battlefield, maybe—broken bodies, rubble and mud, cold light gleaming off a hard edge of vibranium as the shield comes up, swings down, down—
He takes a step backwards, then another.
“Speechless, huh? I can work with that.” Iron Man drags a thumb along the nape of Steve’s neck and Steve shivers and arches into the touch. “Good speechless or bad speechless?”
“Whoa,” Iron Man says. “What are you—? Oh. Aw, jeez. Should’ve known you’d be a snuggler. Wouldn’t a pillow or something be better?”
—” and there’s something wrong in there, he knows, but he can’t quite put his finger on what.
“I’m not—” you splutter, rub a hand across your face. “I’m not
next time: "oh, well, now that Steve's onto Iron Man it's only a matter of time before he puts two and two together probably I should imagine; revelations shall abound, tears and laughter and full-frontal snogging and... wait. Chapters: 12/20? what do you mEaN we're barely halfway through the story??? silks? SIILLLKSS????" (<--you the reader)
Helping
“The good kind, then.”
was why he’d never told—
The villain intent on taking apart Times Square is new, or, at least, no one Steve or any of the other Avengers have ever heard of. He fights like it’s personal though, with a bevy of insults and no clear aim other than general mayhem.
Steve knows, dimly, that it’s meant to be a joke, but it’s not
Flames lick at his hollow places. He knots his fingers more tightly in the sheets and feels the cotton fibers begin to give under the strain.
“You’re so beautiful,” the woman says, and the awe in her words is like a command interfacing directly with your code because suddenly the memory is playing in realtime—
increase his likelihood of running into someone, that’s not an issue if the only person he’s really at risk of running into is Iron Man.
“Good,” Steve says, a little gruffly. “It was really…”
His hand falls away, and Steve just barely restrains himself from chasing after the touch.
Times Square is a war zone, all twisted cars and ruined buildings and shattered infrastructure. You’re ripping through news footage and security feeds while Spider-Woman reads you in, but the damage is too great—too many blindspots for even your many-faceted eye. Luke’s out cold, she tells you. Wolverine is down. And Steve?
A vague sense of awkwardness lingers in the wake of Iron Man’s departure, but it soon dissipates in the face of Steve’s overwhelming sense of wellbeing. Physical, mental—it’s like the high at the end of a really satisfying workout, only… well,
then that must prove that he’d been drugged after all, and he thought he could cry from the sheer relief of it, and he took a step forward, and—
“And the… the weapon things?”
Iron Man gives a little jerk. It wasn’t so many months before that he’d been called in for a special disciplinary meeting after failing to answer a call to assemble. Evidently the memory still stings.
“I guess I just forgot,” he says, slow, like he’s answering a question. “The way you do that. Just…” He spreads his hands, taking in Tony, the coffee table, the tools, the holodisplay. “Make it all yours. Make it into your world.”
Steve clears a suddenly dry throat.
Steve starts to turn, but too late. Something slams into him in a burst of color and pain, before the world winks out like a light.
Steve forced his feet to resume their pacing. What the hell was Tony thinking, anyway, running off for a soak at a time like this? This was what came of working with civilians. No damn discipline. Bad enough the man showed up to the field smelling like a distillery more times than not. What had Tony said earlier?
s and
covering kink meme parts 15 & 16
It takes you a moment to process what he’s saying, because the way he’s saying it— Like it’s a deadline, like it’s some kind of ultimatum, rather than a kindness, than one final courtesy…
“Sorry,” he croaks.
Tony’s already in the kitchen when Steve comes down. Steve comes to a halt in the doorway, transfixed by the sight. Tony is caught between the yellowish, half-dimmed illumination of the overhead lights and the harsher light of the open refrigerator. He looks almost unreal, the soft wave of his dark hair picked out in bronze at the back, shading at the front to a gleaming blue-white. Vivid and subtle. Light and dark.
“Great,” Steve manages. “J-just need—” He angles his hips, trying for something he can’t quite name.
but you can’t let this end, not yet, because god, what it’ll mean when it ends— Maya half-turns with a glare of impatience but you’re not above begging now. “Please?”
Steve is sitting by the side of the bed. His mouth is thin and tight, his posture hunched. He’s still wearing his uniform. You wonder distantly how long he’s been there. Then you remember that you’ve got actual superpowers now, and you reach out with your mind and call up your medical records. You’ve been out for eleven hours. Apparently it took thirty-seven minutes of continuous CPR to restart your heart.
“Hey now. None of that. I can practically feel the cogs in that head of yours turning.”
Utter silence from outside the door. Then:
“-derstandable,” Iron Man is saying, “and I just thought, if you’re not, uh, comfortable, I could always take him the uniform. If you’d just leave it outside your suite or something, I can take it to him…”
Steve froze. “To— to my—”
,” Iron Man says fervently, “
“I’m beginning to think it might be.”
“I feel—” he says, but he can’t think how to put it into words, the way his body feels like a match about to ignite, like any moment the scrape of their bodies together could send the pair of them up in smoke.
Setting the note aside, Steve tucks an arm behind his head and leans back, arching his body in a stretch. The brush of cotton over sensitized flesh reminds him that he’s still half hard. He feels coiled and loose both at once, a lazy, rolling tension. He was meaning to do something about that, wasn’t he? He was meaning to have some help.
But he still wouldn’t have told.
Maybe you’ve finally done it.
He’s always imagined—well, always for however long he’s been imagining that kind of thing, anyway—Tony as a leisurely sort of lover, patient, easy, and slow. The sort of person you could laugh with, even in the midst of everything. Rough, sometimes, maybe, when the occasion called for it, but rough like a game, like a shared joke. But this time, somehow, he can’t help but think of… focus. Determination. Lips around him, swallowing him down, sucking at his head like it’s a riddle to be solved, and yet at the same time like the answer to that riddle is something profoundly important, a resolution years in the making. Urgency and care, all at once.
And, when it comes down to it, he’s promised not to pry into personal matters—all the Avengers have—and whatever this is is starting to feel awfully personal.
“Not yet,” Steve says in answer to the uncompleted question. The smile still twitches at the corners of his mouth. “But soon, I think. Much better if I’m in my own rooms when it hits. Less awkward.”
“I, uh—” Iron Man’s voice is cracked, raspy. “I am gonna need that back, you know.”
“Well,” he drawls, “I’d tell you I’d hate to say ‘I told you so,’ but honestly? It’d be a lie.”
Doesn’t dare to is more like it. Sleep brings dreams, and dreams mean even less control over his own mind than Steve has while awake.
Iron Man lets out a wounded noise. “Don’t say that. We need you, Winghead. The Avengers need you.
It really is incredible—almost admirable, in its way, the way the man manages to block him at every pass. It’s like sitting down to a game of chess to find yourself already in check.
In the ensuing silence, the smile begins to slide off Steve’s face. “You were right though. About me in the field. I’m in no position to fight right now. I’m—” He closes his eyes, and imagines what it’ll be like, with nothing to take his mind off this all-consuming lust. “I’m taking a leave of absence, effective immediately.”
Brain telling me to post or die so I chose post; thanks so much to nigmuff and SilverInStars for early cheer-reading/encouragement, and extra special thanks to the ever-wonderful wynnesome, without whom this story, and my life, would be considerably worse.
He could probably use a distraction right about now.
It’s two weeks ago and you and Steve are arguing. There was a fight—a real one, a good, old-fashioned hero versus villain dust-up, life or death in the New York streets. And okay, so maybe there ended up being a little more
“Tell me what you—”
Rogers’ lips are parted, and he’s staring down at the place he’s taken Tony’s arm like there’s nothing else in the world to see. Like time is still frozen, or simply irrelevant.
Iron Man lets out a snort of laughter. “Sorry,” he says, “it’s not funny, I know—”
? The fact that Tony was a fan as a kid isn’t exactly a surprise. Steve knows Tony admires him. What kind of a friend would he be—what kind of a
Tony blinks at him for a moment, then ducks his head and smiles. “Jeez,” he says. “I keep forgetting… I guess the term’s a little after your time, isn’t it? The placebo effect is… sometimes if you tell people you’re giving them medicine, it still has an effect, even if you’re not. Like if you give someone a sugar pill and call it advil, maybe their headache still goes away. Funny thing is, it can still work even if you know about it.” He shakes his head. “Brains, right?”
Tony shifts beneath him; Steve feels damp against his cheek as the jostling of Tony’s thigh presses him into the wet spot left by his own drool.
“Steve.” Iron Man’s voice is stern.
“You can’t know that,” Steve argues as you step back, but he sounds, for the first time, uncertain. His eyes sweep restlessly back and forth across your face, like it’s a book he’s struggling to read.
Three months ago, back in your own bed, you wake, heart pounding, the sheets around you drenched with the sweat of nightmare.
“You like that?”
, he can still smell himself on his hands.
yourself, all to meet this future and—
“I’m not looking at you like anything,” Steve reminds him irritably. “I’m wearing a blindfold.”
“It’s just—”
“Shellhead?” Steve ventures, after a moment.
Five and a half years ago and you’re sloppy with drink, shivering on the sidewalk outside a burning flophouse. Only minutes before Steve was walking out of the door and out of your life. He begged you, he shouted at you, he even hit you, to no avail. You can’t stop drinking. You can’t be the man he wants you to be. You’ve known that for a long time, and now Steve knows it too.
Iron Man makes a soft, throaty sound and his hand comes up to push Steve’s hair back from his eyes.
He’s surprised, a little, by how clear his head is. He’s hard, yes, but not painfully so. The need is undeniably present, but not yet a torment.
Steve bites down until his jaw aches, tosses his head from side to side.
“I told you to stay away. I
“I—” Iron Man stammers. “I—” And then, soft enough it sounds like defeat, “No. No, of course it isn’t.”
in the back of his brain, the slow grind of pistons starting up as whatever gear was knocked loose at the first sight of Rogers, battle-stained and entirely out of context in Tony’s hotel suite, clicks wearily back into place.
“Yes,” he says, “because when I think of ‘Capsicle’ I think ‘there’s a guy who’s great at flying under the radar.’”
Steve thinks he might once have been embarrassed at the way he gasps out his relief. “The—the second one. Please.” His hips lift on the word, quite of their own accord, and he is so dizzyingly aware of the space that want has burned away inside him that he misses Iron Man’s reply. The next sound he registers is the whine of repulsors.
“Hands where I can see them,” Tony raps out.
Tony’s hips press upwards against Steve’s mouth and Steve momentarily forgets how to breathe. He draws in a strangled gasp as Tony pulls back, but it’s only a moment’s respite before Tony is pushing in again, fucking into Steve’s mouth in little, rocking thrusts.
“God,” Maya groans, “shut up, shut
You flounder, searching for a response. What do people normally say in circumstances like this?
“Not—” Steve grimaces. “Not like that. I mean from… You know.”
You stood in front of the mirror then too, the night he left. Touched yourself like you’re touching yourself now, smoothing your hand over perfectly engineered muscle—dry, then, and now gleaming with sink water and borrowed sweat. Back then you dragged your fingers across your collarbone, palpating the skin that Steve flinched from, that Maya will never kiss, that she’ll scarcely even touch.
All Steve’s uncertainty comes flooding back.
Steve’s stomach clenches. There’s a forceful quality to the words, and he isn’t quite sure how to take them, on the back of that strange, charged silence. Is Iron Man relieved on Steve’s behalf, or his own?
He can’t deal with this right now, that’s what he can’t. Can’t deal with the news Rogers is bringing, can’t deal with its implications. Can’t deal with
“Sure,” he says, rubbing at the shame still burning in his cheeks. “Sure, I do.”
Tony throws his hands—the ones which aren’t shaking—down by his sides and rockets upwards until he’s all but skimming the clouds. A little higher and the world would vanish entirely, smothered in white.
You mean to say something about Washington—meetings, galas, responsibilities, a perfectly accurate and entirely dishonest answer any politician would be proud of—but somehow what comes out is, “I thought it would be best.” You manage to stop talking then, or at least, your throat closes up, which amounts to the same thing.
Steve wipes his forehead with the back of his hand. It comes away damp. “I’ll be sure to do that. I’ll, uh. Catch you later, then.”
“How can you not be sure?” Steve’s voice cracked on the question. “Either you feel it, or you don’t.”
It’s just too bad his body doesn’t seem to agree.
“What happened to Rostro?” Steve asks, cutting off whatever question is no doubt forming.
Iron Man he was going to do, is it?
But not all of it.
Steve feels hollowed out, open and gaping in parts of himself he’s scarcely ever given thought to before. The vision sears like fire across his mind, of Tony taking him, filling him, using Steve’s body for his own pleasure. The void inside him is growing by the minute, a terrible, pulsating emptiness that crowds everything else aside. How long will it be before the emptiness is all there is?
And there’s that itch again. One of the muscles in his thigh jerks and spasms.
Back in his room, he changes into work-out clothes. Does a hundred push-ups, then a hundred more. Wastes almost half an hour on jumping jacks. Does every stretch and warm-up that he can think of. Tries jogging in place.
It's well past midnight on the third day. Steve has taken to seeking food at irregular hours to avoid potential embarrassment. He forgot that Tony also tends to keep odd hours when in the midst of a project. Then again, he’s been doing his best to think of Tony as little as possible, and when he does, inevitably, think of him, it’s not Tony’s sleeping habits he’s thinking of.
One firm tap against the side of his ass.
“So that’s all you wanted?” Iron Man is saying. “To talk about training regimens?”
Steve felt half-starved, and just
With one data-stream streak of consciousness, you reach for your Argonauts: your greatest invention (apart from yourself), your vanguard, your vision of a world made safe. You are in low-earth orbit, inside a shielded satellite currently positioned 1,800 miles above Vanuatu. Your armors are just where you left them. Still dormant. Still awaiting the word that will launch them into the uncharted vastness of the future. You sigh in a part of yourself that no longer has access to lungs.
to cut straight to the…?” He repeats Steve’s earlier gesture. Somehow, when he does it, it looks about ten times as obscene.
“Here’s my problem,” Tony says. His fingers drum consideringly against his thigh. “I know you come to me for Extremis, even if you tell yourself you don’t. You come here so you can feel whole again. You’d pay almost any price for that, I think.”
All traces of humor vanish. It’s a moment before he speaks. “I want a lot of things, I guess. I— Can I sit down?”
“And then there’s today. A pre-announced visit to the main construction site in the company of the pro-globalization Minister of Finance? You might as well have issued a signed invitation.”
“Wh—” Steve stammers. “What was that?”
“Can I ask why not?”
Karim is leaning against the counter of his hotel bathroom, eyes intent on his own reflection as he glides a razor over the contours of his chin. You wonder if he knows about the cameras. It’s not just the Brits that have him under surveillance—you could construct a 3D model of this most domestic of scenes from all the angles in all the quadruple-encrypted feeds you’re tapping.
“So that’s it, huh? Couldn’t bring yourself to end things, so you found a way to get me to do it for you?”
His body is
next time: If you think we're stopping at one orgasm you have vastly underestimated the amount of smut this story contains.
Iron Man—
Steve has never felt so wanted in his life.
.” Tony’s face seemed to clear, and settle into something agonizingly close to kindness. “I’m sorry, darling, I was just being flippant. You know me. I didn’t realize it’d bother you so much—”
Maya gives you a little shove and you fall backwards onto the mattress. Give yourself over to gravity. You could lose yourself in this, you think.
also, 3x a week is too frequent for my brain, so I'll finish this week according the orig schedule (update tonight, plus update on Thursday), and then after that it's gonna be Sundays and Wednesdays until we hit the new material. just fyi
A single tap.
Iron Man is standing in the middle of Steve’s bedroom, fully dressed in his metal suit and looking a little awkward. Steve feels a small pang of… sorrow? disappointment? loss? at the sight of him armored once more. Untouchable.
“No, I understand. Like I said, there’s no fire. I’m happy to wait.” He pauses to let the significance of the words sink in.
And now here he is, standing between you and what’s yours and he’s ready to fight and he’s… distracted. He’s turning his back on you.
And he knows it must be right because the tip of Iron Man’s finger dips inside of him. He stifles a gasp, but all Iron Man does is swipe a little lube across the walls, soft and shallow, in and out in a moment.
He’ll figure it out, that’s what, and he’ll find his own sources,
“I’m sure they tried,” Rogers says, apparently unconcerned. “I doubt even Nick Fury himself could bug you if you didn’t want to be bugged, Tony.” Something has gone softer in his eyes as he looks at Tony, and he’s still. Fucking.
“It was… a bad situation, and you, you and I, you weren’t—
It’s not agreement, not close to it, but it’s clearly the best Tony’s going to get. He can figure the rest out later. And that’s a dangerous way of thinking, he knows, but…
The sudden downward rush of blood in Steve’s body left him feeling almost lightheaded.
“You shouldn’t,” Iron Man says hoarsely. “Not with me. It should be someone else, someone who—”
“I literally
Iron Man’s hand is still a heavy weight on Steve’s shoulder, fixing him in place. He gives it a pointed look. Iron Man holds his ground.
Iron Man swallows. It must have been loud, for the suit’s microphones to have picked it up at all.
He tosses the book onto a side table and rakes his fingers through his hair. Enough reading for now. He’ll just find something else to pass the time. Something like…
“Oh,” Tony says, “I think you’ll find—”
hit unsubscribe, no thank you, I’m
Steve pauses, eyes raking over you, taking in your posture, your heaving chest.
Iron Man thrusts in again, deeper than ever before, the head of his cock dragging across Steve’s prostate. Steve gives a hoarse little shout, bucking upwards as pleasure ignites like a firework within him.
There’s a note of wistfulness in his voice that threatens to burrow, insidious, under Tony’s skin. Tony shrugs, flippant and dismissive.
(See the end of the chapter for
than that. Steve can’t really put it into words, even to himself, but then, there isn’t really a need to, is there? When he can just… feel it.
Crazy, yes, but crazier than being kidnapped by spacemen in the first place? Crazier than being stripped down and left to sprawl across some fancy couch like a silver screen vamp? Crazier than all these thoughts and these feelings which shouldn’t—
when Steve set him right, that was the thing. And sure, maybe Steve’d been a little short with him, or, okay, maybe more than a little, but you didn’t go around accusing a guy of something like that,
It’s not exactly a surprise when the cycle comes back.
“Sure.”
He can’t imagine that, so instead he grips himself tighter and imagines
He bats the thought aside. It has no place here, troubling the easy warmth of his afterglow. He takes a few deep breaths, and reaches once again for the soap.
like one, the way your heart is pounding, the way you keep imagining yourself wracked with non-existent tremors.
Iron Man lets out a staticky breath. “This is to do with— with what you were telling me about.”
“Sorry, I just meant you don’t have to worry about… that. Me. I’m here for you. My dick is…” Iron Man blows out a breath, as if casting around for a phrase. “…surplus to requirements.”
When it’s over, you get up and go into the bathroom. Lock the door. Fall apart.
One of Iron Man’s hands closes over Steve’s, and Steve realizes his hands are balled into fists.
Steve gasps as a stripe of radiant heat licks down his back.
What could it possibly matter if you don’t get to be beautiful anymore?
The room returns only silence.
— And sure, so maybe Tony had crossed his mind once or twice—purely by accident!—during one of his rare self-care sessions, but that was understandable, right? The man was practically synonymous with sex—he was almost more famous for it than he was for being Iron Man, and anyway Steve had always pictured him with women, so it wasn’t like—
But at least it takes some of the weight off his back, if only for a little while.
“Yeah,” he says, “right.”
It doesn’t hurt, because that is a kindness you’ve given yourself. You’re looking right at Steve when you do it—another kindness, and maybe one you don’t deserve but you’re not thinking about “deserve” now. You’re dying and you want his face to be the last thing you see.
, he tries to say—tries to force out the lie through unwilling lips, because it’s not fine, it’s the least fine thing in the world, but he doesn’t want Iron Man to do anything he doesn’t want to do.
“Not when I’m…” Steve grimaces, trying to find the least awkward way of putting it.
too much. Broken. Needy. But Iron Man said it was fine, he
He flips the sketchbook shut and shoves it back; spins himself around in his chair. If he has to do this, then he’ll do it, as quickly and efficiently as he can. No harm in thinking… whatever he has to think to get the job done. No harm, and no shame.
“It does to me.”
He steps forward and grabs the strap of the gag where it loops around the back of Steve’s head, hauling back so the metal pulls at Steve’s cheek like a horse’s bit.
It doesn’t matter. Tony knows how that sentence ends.
, at least not anymore, but he doesn’t think Iron Man’s likely to split hairs in this particular situation. He knows Iron Man enjoyed himself last night, in spite of his scruples, and now that Steve is fresh and clear-headed and more than eager, well. What objections could there be?
“Unless you think it’s funny,” Iron Man adds, “in which case pun absolutely intended.”
pleasant—plans, but as problems go, it’s not exactly insurmountable.
and what else was there for him to do? It wasn’t even vengeance. It was one of the fundamentals of the universe. What’s an eye for an eye but Newton’s Third Law played out on the human stage? Action, meet reaction.
him? “There’s no fire.” Then, remembering a phrase he once heard Wasp use: “Cool your jets.”
Tony strips off his jacket and tosses it onto his abandoned chair, detouring only to grab the briefcase containing his portable work station before coming around the far side of the coffee table. Swiftly, he begins to unpack. First the adjustable lighting matrix, then the holodisplay tablet (with a few words to FRIDAY about modelling parameters, and he’d be lying if he said he doesn’t enjoy the way Rogers stiffens at the sound of her voice issuing seemingly from midair), then his tool set. Finally, he undoes his cuffs and rolls up his sleeves, flexing his forearms and wrists in preparation.
“She was there,” you say, and force yourself to meet his gaze, if only for a moment.
Iron Man will have showered already. Probably as soon as he left Steve’s room. Or—
to be touched. Maybe you could—”
“You’ve had your say. You’ve dropped off your little gift—your timing’s shit, by the way, my birthday’s in May. You’ve done everything you could have possibly come here to do, and now I need you to
. “Hey. Anything you need, you can have, okay?” Iron Man’s thumb rubs at Steve’s skin, at the place where the muscle meets the bone. “I just…” An audible swallow. “I want to be sure you’re not going to regret this.”
Something about the way Iron Man says it—it sounds like he
“Oh,” says Iron Man. “
Like reading. That’s something people do to pass the time, isn’t it?
Iron Man is staring at him. Steve catches the minute tilt of his head as Iron Man glances down—
,” Iron Man tells him, low and fast. “God,
Steve just hitches up one of his shoulders in a shrug.
for Tony.
at Tony was a feast. How had he ever managed to stand and hold a conversation with him without being transfixed by the ink-spill of his hair, the strong, clean lines of his throat? He forced himself to speak.
Wasp leaps to her feet.
“Condom?” she asks, but of course you don’t carry them anymore—haven’t needed one in years. She makes a noise—impatience? disgust?—and clambers off you. “Stay,” she says.
“This might be a good time to mention I’ve never done this before,” he says, keeping his voice casual. “But I’m a very quick learner,” he adds, not fast enough to preempt Iron Man’s little noise of his distress. Only Steve’s anchoring hand on his thigh keeps him from drawing back.
“Yeah,” he says, in response to whatever Iron Man has just asked him. “I mean, no. I mean— Sorry, Shellhead. Got my head in the clouds. Now’s not really a great time to talk. Maybe later?”
There’s a deliberation to the way he’s speaking, a weight and significance to his words, and Tony suddenly realizes where he’s going with this.
“Shellhead,” he says, with a familiar feeling of amused exasperation. “Will you please get over here and let me suck your dick?”
“I just thought, since you canceled your appointment with Mr. Stark—”
Iron Man finishes and makes to pull back, but Steve’s fingers close over his wrist, and this time, Steve doesn’t let go.
” he corrects himself. “Like before.”
Steve lets his eyelids flutter shut.
He flexes his thigh muscles, then the ones in his calf, and then his toes, down the left side and back up the right. It does nothing to dispel the tension growing in his body. If anything, simply paying attention to that tension makes it all that much harder to bear.
,” he says, barely aware of what he’s saying, only that he needs to make Iron Man
“I’m so sick,” Tony says, “of everyone wanting things from me.”
You take the opportunity to finish opening your shirt, to push your pants down your hips until you can no longer feel the bite of the zipper. There’s so much you can’t think about so you don’t—focus instead all the power of your overclocked brain on the thought of kissing Maya’s breasts, of cradling their weight in your hands and pressing your face to that soft, fleshy valley.
He’d fantasized about it sometimes, meeting Monaghan in the nebulous storybook future of “after the war.” A chance encounter in a New York street, and Steve would smile and say, “Let me buy you a drink,” and he’d explain, that it hadn’t been him, and maybe even—on his bolder nights—he might say, “I’m sorry that happened to you,” and then—
Tony jerks his head up to meet a rapt, blue-eyed gaze.
“You know,” Iron Man says, and his voice might almost be called conversational if not for a certain hoarseness, “I was planning on asking for lube, but you don’t actually need it, do you?”
Steve pushed himself up from the floor and into a seated position, scowling. His body ached at every point of impact. The bruises would fade in a matter of hours, of course, but the memory of how he’d acquired them—that sting would linger. The one thing needed to put the topper on the cake would be Tony rushing out to see what the noise was all about.
He screws his eyes shut, rubbing at his temples.
“’Twould be my privilege,” Thor intones, and launches into the air, only for half a dozen of the clones to fasten onto his cape and drag him inexorably earthwards. “Foul varlets! Unhand me, or you shall taste the wrath of the son of Odin!”
Fastidiously, Tony tucks himself away. He reaches down and wipes his hand on the breast of Steve’s shirt.
Rogers blinks at him. “A…?”
Then he’s gone.
Iron Man immediately lifts his hands, and it’s all Steve can do not to whine at the loss of contact.
There is a man in a cave, feeling his tattered heart beat stubbornly in his chest, realizing he could be so much more than what he’s made of himself.
Steve smiles, a little reluctantly, at the phrasing. “I’m not worried,” he says, which is almost true, “and it’s not about what’s required. I just… want to.”
A voice, deep and parched, cracked like desert earth: “Tony.”
“But you started to get—”
Steve doesn’t reply straight away, like maybe he’s hoping for something more out of you. Then he casts his eyes down in thought and nods, minutely.
“Hey,” Iron Man says. “Nothing to be sorry about.”
It wasn’t that he’d never thought of Tony like that before, but that was—was
Steve changes the angle a little, and now each thrust is butting up against his prostate and everything is heat and swiftly mounting friction.
in moderation. So maybe he’d noticed that Tony Stark was a good-looking fellow; no law against
Tony says nothing, doesn’t waste the words. There’s no need, after all. Steve understands perfectly well.
“Oh,” Iron Man says, “that’s not…”
Steve rolls his head aside, nods into his shoulder.
He’ll need something he hasn’t seen before; something new enough to startle him over the edge. He types the actor’s name into the search bar and scrolls through the results. He passes over a number of videos with titles like “cum a palooza twink party gangbang” and “gay anal bondage slut begs for pounding.” Startling, maybe, but still not something he’s particularly interested in.
Which is silly, really. Drawing is a skill like any other. He learned it once, and he can learn it again. It could be nice, to have something he really has to work at.
with desire. Not in the normal way of things. He was sickly as a child and then a teenager—the spirit more than willing, but the body so terribly weak. And then, after the serum, his body was in top working condition, but the desire was just… not there. He can’t say it ever bothered him much. There was a war to fight. He had more important things to think of.
“You think you’ve been drugged?” Tony said, and his voice was so careful, as though he was afraid Steve might break if he said the wrong thing.
You press your hand to your mouth and shut your eyes. You feel like you should be shaking, but every voluntary muscle in your body is perversely steady. Controlled. Even the nausea you willed into existence has passed. Your body is in prime operating condition: full factory reset, just like— no,
“Then
You can see his jaw firm, almost watch the words forming behind his eyes, the steadfast resolution:
“Sure,” Iron Man says. “Sure. And you’re—you’re getting everything you, uh. Need?”
springs to his lips with alarming ease. Steve’s made it most of the way through his cycle on his own, but just these past few minutes have him halfway to undone.
been active in the Zembra district, and pretty goddamn recently at that. He saw Clint and Natasha himself, and now here’s Rogers, looking like he’s been through the wars—
He reaches for the nightstand, scrabbling one-handed for his cell phone. He can feel himself clenching tighter around his finger as he moves, and bites down against the soft, desperate sounds that keep working their way out of his throat.
Beside him and beneath him, Iron Man breathes out, shuddering and slow.
Before Steve can pull away, Iron Man’s hand slides forward to catch Steve’s, squeezing in reassurance.
You are lying in a bed, on your back, while your mind runs free. Information arcs across the globe in electric bursts, like synapses firing, like the Earth is one big brain and you the consciousness at its center. You have re-engineered your own humanity, reversed the polarities on the mind-body problem. Your body is the least of what you are and if you spread your selfhood far enough, you can almost pretend that this, here—this bed (not your own) and your body in it—is nothing more than a dream.
He shoves himself to his feet, so now Rogers is looking up at him, and the—the
It wasn’t until Tony had disappeared behind the tapestry that Steve realized he’d been staring. He tore his gaze away from the place where Tony had vanished. The way he had been moving, swinging his hips like a dame… It was that damned Stark need to make a show out of everything.
Steve wrestles down his disappointment. “Sure,” he says. “Yeah. Okay. Thanks for… Well. All of it, really.”
That’s right. You died.
“Oh god,” Iron Man is saying, “god, I’m sorry, I don’t know what I was—”
“I’m here,” Steve calls out. His voice is hoarse; it breaks down the middle.
Steve looks down too, and realizes he’s already half-hard.
His eyes.
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
You’ve settled into a sickly kind of numbness, like your brain has been wrapped in asbestos insulation—muffled by slow-creeping poison. You’re looking at your hands again. One of your cuticles is loose. You tug at it until it tears. A bright drop of blood wells from beneath ragged, white-edged skin. You bring it to your lips. Mouth away the blood. When you lower your hands, you see the wound has already healed, the shiny pink of new skin fading before your eyes back to pale. You wonder how much damage you could take before it was too much for even Extremis to handle. If you pulled yourself apart strip by strip, unraveling like a sweater caught on a nail—how fast would you heal then?
“Good?”
“It’s fine.”
Steve makes a throaty, desperate sound that might have been humiliating if he had enough brainpower left to process it. Then he’s rising on his knees, shoving his jeans down his hips, and Iron Man is helping him, bracing him as he sits back and kicks them the rest of the way off.
Steve refolds the note. Settles himself back against the pillows. Breathes out.
Steve falls silent.
counting down the hours, he was doing it for Steve’s sake. Steve can work with that.
He blinks spots from his eyes. He feels obscurely like something momentous has happened, but he can’t for the life of him think of what. Or how. Or why.
A shudder sweeps over him. He realizes he’s gripping the doorjamb hard enough to leave imprints in the wood. With an enormous effort of will, he relaxes his fingers, forces his frozen limbs to unlock. He’s just about to make his retreat when Tony turns and smiles.
—and you should have heard the order, should have done something, should have
The lover’s shirt is open now, the flesh beneath bared to the camera’s probing eye. Livid scars underscore each nipple. The legacy of transformation. The woman leans in. Lowers her mouth to her lover’s chest. Kisses the marks like they’re something precious.
Rogers said that, months ago, before they crossed the line of no return—or at least before they realized they had. Now the weight of Tony’s hypocrisy lies heavy on the air.
“Not entirely.”
“Yeah,” Iron Man says. “Yeah, okay.”
“It’s not about
“Winghead,” Iron Man is saying, “you all right in there?” There’s a pause and a few indistinct noises, and then Iron Man’s voice comes again, “I’ll go, if you want— If you need some, uh. Time to yourself, I just. Need to know you’re all right.”
“Cap!” Wasp shrieks. “On your left!”
“What you told me, about your… condition never causing problems in the field before. Was that true? Because—” He breaks off for a moment, before resuming. “Because I’m going to be honest with you here, if you were lying about being fit for combat that’s… that’s a big deal, but if this is a new development… No one understands how the serum really works, and if the effects are changing after all this time, we need to have that looked at. We can find someone discreet. Hank Pym’s brilliant at that sort of thing, and I think he’s a friend of J— of Wasp’s. We could—”
“And that’s not going to happen if you’re stuck up here—” Iron Man’s other gauntlet comes up to tap Steve lightly on the temple. “—the whole time. Let me help you. Let me make this good for you.”
“A good point, well made,” Iron Man concedes. There’s a pause. When he speaks next, his voice is low, as if he’s speaking to himself. “Christ, I shouldn’t—” He breaks off abruptly. Then: “You really want this?”
Steve’s frown deepens. “I didn’t mean to offend,” he begins.
Except that that wasn’t Tony. Of course it wasn’t. It was Iron Man who said that. It’s just that it sounded so much like something Tony would say. Tony’s the one who’s given him so much, after all. Did Iron Man do that on purpose? Or is it just coincidence and crossed wires again?
He wonders if Rogers realizes just how manipulative he’s being—if he’s doing it on purpose, or if it just comes naturally to him, like breathing.
God damn it.
Something inside him leaps at the prospect.
“Of course.” Steve gives Iron Man a reassuring smile. “This probably wasn’t how you planned to spend your morning, huh?”
“Darling, I—” Tony turned wide, worried eyes up towards Steve. “I don’t know what to say.”
“I’m close,” someone says, and for the life of him, Steve couldn’t say who.
He feels the shock of it down to his toes. Every muscle in his body goes tense.
He shuts his eyes again.
Iron Man isn’t saying anything, isn’t moving, doesn’t even seem to be breathing.
“Tony.”
that, but—
A groan rips from his throat as the hands disappear again.
How could you possibly ask him to go?
“Well, then. Guess I should take my pants off.”
“I’m calling bullshit, Tony. You’ve been in worse situations than that before and you never did anything like this.”
Iron Man groans. “You’re not— You
It’ll have to be.
“I hope it won’t come to that.”
Iron Man makes a glad sound deep in his throat and sucks hard and determined, hard enough to pull Steve’s climax right out of him. He doesn’t even have time for a warning before he’s coming in hot pulses down Iron Man’s throat.
Giant-Man jumps, and clears his throat.
Tony, Sal says, and you know what he means.
He hears Iron Man shifting behind him and then a faint, gentle warmth tracing slow circles over the skin of his back. Steve almost shudders at the comfort of it.
“I wonder,” Iron Man continues, as if he has no idea of the effect he’s having, “what he’d think if he saw this—saw you like this.” Something dark is curling around the edges of his voice. “Saw all the things I’m doing to you with his invention.”
—with Iron Man sitting on the edge of the bed and Steve kneeling between his splayed legs.
he feels overloaded with pleasure. He’s moving faster now, driving himself down harder as some bright elsewhere looms on the horizon, great and golden and burning, and he’s running towards it or maybe he’s running away but either way it’s getting closer, closer, close—
“This?” Tony lifts the mug in question. The gesture brings his forearm to the light. Steve sees smooth muscle downed in dark hair. His throat feels dry as bone. “Coffee. Irish. My muse is a restless type—she doesn’t exactly work to schedule. But I’m assuming you actually
“Unless— If you’ve changed your mind, if you don’t want— I don’t mean to pressure— It’s—”
His jeans are suddenly much too tight.
This is how Steve learns to hate you.
He clicks the link.
He throws up a hand, palm out—lets the repulsor charge, radiating heat and light and power just barely restrained.
Is it cowardice or courage, when at last you begin to turn away?
On screen the women are kissing, hands moving over one another’s bodies both eager and a little hesitant, as if they’ve only just discovered touch. Steve starts to touch himself, one hand trailing casually across his chest and stomach, the other wrapped around his length, moving in long, easy strokes, and it’s… good, isn’t it, it feels really good, as his ears fill with soft, slightly tinny moans, to be here, to be touching himself like this, to be able to take his time, and yet…
Steve can’t help but let out a short laugh at that. “No, no, the serum is working fine. Everything is… normal.” Give or take a few pesky details, but don’t
You take a moment to familiarize yourself with the shape of this reality, the internal landscape of your brave new world. Like relearning your face in the mirror. Then you lower your walls. Bleed back into your senses. A quick scan of the hospital’s security system confirms what you already know in your bones to be true: Captain America has left the premises.
, that’s what it is, the fucking pity on his face cutting deeper than a knife—
He curls a hand around his hardening cock, shielding it from the warmth and teasing pressure of the water, but he can’t quite resist a squeeze—a single upstroke—
It’s only when he pauses and sits back to assess his progress that he realizes that the face taking shape beneath his unpracticed pencil—he used to be
Oh. Iron Man’s just fretting again.
“Are you— are you asking me to—” His voice sounds, rough—almost parched, but Steve knows what that means. His hips buck upwards in response and he bites down on another cry of pain as the movement shifts the angle of his finger inside him.
Iron Man’s voice drops low and pensive, in a way Steve is nearly positive has to be put on. “I wonder if Mr. Stark ever realized this particular application for the repulsor technology.”
The urges are fickle in their object, that’s the main point. Infinitely distractible. They don’t… fixate. They’ve
“Hey, shh. None of that—” and then there are two hands running up his thighs and rubbing at his hips—two warm,
so gorgeous and so good, how is this even happening, can barely believe I’m awake that’s how good you are, just like that, so gorgeous, you’re like a dream—”
Tony curls his hands inwards, nails biting into the flesh of his palms. Reopens the floodgates of his anger. Maybe, if he’s lucky, just
You shrug, half turning away. It’s as good an explanation as any.
“Maybe if you’d been a little faster,” Steve gasps out, hips canting up so he can thrust into his fist, and it’s better, a little, but not nearly enough, and Iron Man is here—why isn’t he doing anything?
Apparently displeased with this reaction, Thor smacks his hand down on the table in emphasis.
There’s an awkwardness to the question, tension still clinging round the edges of his voice. Steve finds he wants to
cock, of course, but the principle is the same.
the suit.
Tony walks over to the table, yanks out a chair, and collapses into it. A wordless command to the armor retracts the remainder of the helmet.
He could work out more, he supposes, but the thought of more of those endless, dreary exercises, barely even effectual… He could watch a movie, or—or listen to another of those radio things Tony had told him about—
“Oh,” Steve says around a pang of loss, “no, hey, you don’t have to—” He reaches out for Iron Man’s shoulder but, blind as he is, completely misjudges the distance and the resulting force of his own movement. Iron Man lets out an
As for any remaining tension between them, well. He cares about Iron Man and values his friendship, and he knows—and whatever doubts he may have entertained before, the certainty of this thought shines like a beacon—he
even after he’s changed the sheets, after he’s showered and dressed, even then the words linger, burned into Steve’s mind like the afterimage of the sun, the hazy and indelible residue of light.
The first spell lasted two weeks before it vanished as suddenly as it came. Then, three months later, it was back again, and so it went, the desire coming on him every couple of months almost without warning. It never lasted longer than a few weeks, and often for much less. Steve grew pretty well-acquainted with his right hand, and learned to make the most of his leave on the rare occasions it aligned with his wayward biology.
“Oh, brother,” Wasp mutters near Steve’s ear.
Steve exhales. Smiles. Rests his shoulders against the wall of the shower.
secrets.
Steve flaps his bound arms for a moment or two, struggling to regain his equilibrium, then slowly, agonizingly shuffles around on his knees. Tony half-guides, half-hauls him across the floor, stopping before the massive chrome and glass desk.
Except there’s your answer right there, baked into the question, because this is Steve Rogers, and he never gives up, and he never, ever lets go.
“Did I…?”
The silence between you pulls long and thick as you turn away. You place your hands on the bedpost, fingers laced, and rock on the balls of your feet, let yourself lean until your knuckles go white with the pressure.
The other Avengers don’t understand. The armor technology is dangerous. The armor technology is
To hell with it. Steve rolls his head back to give Iron Man an unimpeded view and gestures towards his lap, at the bulge clearly visible in his too-tight jeans.
Hypnotized wasn’t a bad word for it. He’d been captivated by the evidence of Tony’s brilliance, his resilience, his craftsman’s eye—captivated and overmastered by the feelings it had roused in him, the awe and the longing and the terrible, terrible hunger. He can feel it now, bubbling up once more inside him and the heat in his belly, the wanting and the
at you,” and Steve lets out a little whimper, whether of agreement or protest he couldn’t say.
His gaze is intent on yours, his expression unreadable. “Give me time to pack my bags, is that it? How long do I have? A week? Less?”
Beside her, Giant Man chokes on a mouthful of coffee. Tony gives him a half-ironic salute with his own coffee mug, and slides Steve a triumphant glance when Giant Man blushes even further.
,” Wasp presses, “how was the rest of your night?”
Things go fuzzy for a little while after that.
,” and it might be the biggest lie he’s ever told.
Overhead, Rostro screams with laughter. “None can stop me! Even the gods themselves must fall!”
He hears Iron Man’s footsteps retreating. He hears the door close, hears the click of the latch.
Steve freezes, hips still suspended in midair.
Rogers, of course, hasn’t said anything. Has he even moved within the past fifteen seconds?
Where was your Rubicon? When did you pass your point of no return?
and he starts to get hard again. Steve has an eidetic memory, and he knows for a fact that he’s never been ready to go again this quickly, even at the beginning of the cycle. But then, he’s never gone this long between cycles before. Seems his body has a bit more than usual to make up for.
“Hi,” Iron Man says, and Steve manages another smile, slightly less forced than the first. “So, normally I like a bit more foreplay, but I’m getting the sense that things are more… immediate this time?”
He licked suddenly dry lips.
he tries to say, and chokes on the question. This is Steve Rogers he’s talking to. Captain-America-that-was. There’s nothing he wouldn’t dare. Everyone knows that. Nothing—
“Can I—” Steve hesitates, swallows. “Can I kiss you?”
You say nothing.
“M’not circumcised,” Steve mumbles.
He shifts down the bed, toeing at the sheets, tugging them down his torso and hips until he’s just barely on the right side of decency, his erection still covered but tenting the fabric enough to expose his flesh to the cool morning air. His balls tighten at the shift in temperature, goosebumps pricking at the tops of his thighs.
happen? Even now he scarcely understands. He and Iron Man were having a perfectly pleasant conversation, when Iron Man suddenly lashed out, because… because he thought Steve felt obligated to sleep with him? As if Steve would ever— For god’s sake, all he did was say he was grateful. Does Iron Man really not understand the difference between gratitude and— and
“I can’t tell you that.”
Except he remembers, too, the punched-out breathlessness of betrayal fresh and raw in his chest, how Rogers took him by the arm, and looked him in the eye, and
yesterday’s fight,” he says, fighting to keep his voice under control.
All due respect to Martine the Marseillaise prostitute and her clever tongue, it’s like nothing Steve has ever felt.
“Sorry for the inconvenience.”
The fact that he’d been sketching the Avengers probably hadn’t helped. Not much of a distraction if you’re drawing the very thing you’re trying to distract yourself from.
Tony wheels a chair in front of him and takes a seat. He makes a few sketches in the air and holoscreens appear; Steve can see them shimmering through the glass surface of the desk.
Next Time: Folks, we’re approaching a bit of a rough patch, moderate to severe turbulence ahead. Please note that the fasten seat-belt sign is now on; flight attendants, secure the cabin.
He doesn’t mean it as a cruelty—probably he even believes it—and somehow that makes it all the worse, because you know, you
Iron Man has moved forward, closing the distance Steve put between them. Now he lifts his spare hand to Steve’s upper arm, tugging him gently backwards until Steve’s shoulders are resting against Iron Man’s chest. The metal there is still cool, a pleasant counterpoint to the heat now dancing across his torso.
“So it’s a bomb.”
you to—  I mean, it’s good that you’re…” He trails off in frustration.
The air still smells faintly of sex so you go to crack open a window. You’re operating largely on instinct—see a problem, provide a solution. The bed is behind you. You don’t want to look at the bed.
Unless…
It’s four years ago and you have a mission. You’re barely a year sober and still clawing together the pieces of your life, everything that has been taken from you and everything you took from yourself. Now someone has robbed you again. This cannot be allowed to stand.
He did think sometimes that maybe… It was only ever little things—off-hand comments, the occasional touch. The way he’d caught Tony looking at him, when Tony thought he wasn’t watching. Could he—
yet, not really. He just knows the want is coming and god help him but he wants this to be over.
Iron Man hesitates a moment before clasping it and pulling Steve upright. They stay linked like that for a moment, hand in gauntleted hand as Iron Man’s eyes flicker restlessly over Steve’s face and body.
“It’s a fair point,” Tony allowed, cautiously. “But I still don’t see why you’d assume…”
“but I would’ve thought you’d know me better than to think—”
Iron Man makes a long, drawn-out sound, low and guttural. “S-see, I don’t think you’ve been paying them enough attention. I think they must be feeling awfully n-neglected. M-maybe you should go a little harder. Have you tried pinching them? Some people like that. Some people like—”
Tony wants to shake him.
Tony clamps his mouth shut. Those last two words came perilously close to a plea.
“Is there anything I missed?”
Rogers inhales sharply, but when Tony glances over at him, his face is determinedly blank. As Tony watches, it shades into uncertainty, the first slip of confidence Tony’s seen from him so far.
,” Steve repeats.
Probably not trying to wind Steve up then, or at least, not much. The man was an ass, undeniably, but Steve had never known him to be a malicious ass.
“Steve?” Tony’s brows had furrowed. “Is everything all right?”
“It’ll only be a little while. Just a few more days, and then I’ll be back.” He has to believe that.
The cold shrinks away, dark waters retreating. Now, that, see—
Steve was shaking his head. “That’s not—” he rasped. Stopped. Cleared his throat.
“I haven’t got all day.
Steve’s jaw is aching. Moisture gathers in his eyes, smearing across his already-faltering vision. Tony’s face is too blurred for Steve to make out any of the details, but he already knows what he’d find there: a magazine cover perfection, all the lines and creases and imperfections, all the humanity in his features, blended out of existence. But then, these days, Steve bears lines enough for them both. He wonders sometimes if there’s some greater power at work, some incomprehensible force of cosmic justice balancing the scales. If Tony’s ascension could only ever come at the price of Steve’s diminishment.
—the thought catches behind his ribs like an angler’s hook, tugging sharply—
“Not as such,” Iron Man says. “I’ve actually got some things I should really be…”
It helps even less that said costume still bears the evidence of Steve’s embarrassingly lackluster performance in yesterday’s battle. He’d managed to clean off most of the adhesive, but as for the tear in his mail… He’d jerry-rigged a solution so you’d hardly notice the damage, not unless you were really looking, but if he wants more than a temporary fix he’ll have to talk to…
He’s already drawn back a little, enough for Steve to draw a few, lung-searing breaths.
The world splits for a moment, out of phase and out of focus, and then snaps to with a deadly, crystalline clarity.
If anyone finds out, anyone at all—
Iron Man presses tender, open-mouthed kisses up the length of Steve’s shaft, sucks one of Steve’s balls into his mouth and rolls it gently around like wine across the tongue as Steve thrashes and moans and scrabbles at sheets—
“Okay,” Iron Man says, and again, there’s that odd, rallying note to his voice, but this is hardly the time to think what that might mean. The mattress jostles under Iron Man’s weight as he moves. The hand on Steve’s knee slides down the slope of his thigh and back again, and then Iron Man is nudging his other knee aside and settling himself between them. Something cold and metal presses against his leg—Iron Man’s chestplate.
So obviously you need better security—tighter controls, no stone left unturned, but beyond that…
Iron Man’s laugh is a little strained. “I guess this is just one big old coming out party.”
if it weren’t for some kid exploiting a security flaw you didn’t even know existed.
“C’mon, Shellhead,” Steve whispers, voice thick with something you don’t dare to name. “Take a chance.”
a man. The name’s a clue, of course, and the Avengers all refer to Iron Man as “he” and Iron Man has never corrected them, but has he ever said anything to confirm the assumption?
“Do you remember what you said to me before I was suspended?” he asks.
Another time you might have laughed, because you’re honestly not sure you’ve ever seen him like this, all awed and wide-eyed and him barely less of a legend than Arthur himself. But now… God, how can you bear to have him here, knowing what you know? (How could you bear to send him away?)
The thing is, these
He doesn’t run into Iron Man.
Whatever.
“Yeah?” you say, speaking into the light. “And what is it you think you see?”
The instruction is no sooner given than Iron Man renders it impossible, as one of Iron Man’s hands covers Steve’s cock, giving him a few gentle strokes, almost a reassurance, and it feels so good—so damn
what I choose? What if I choose us?” His voice is fierce. “What if I choose working together and not letting it tear us apart, no matter what? What about that, Tony?”
“…it’s still there, in the background. So that’s why I’ve been… on edge.”
(A thought could have you back in the Tower. No one would ever know. You were the one who designed the security after all.
Steve yanked himself away from the wall. There were things—
“Getting things started without me, I see.”
Maybe Tony would—
He says it much too loudly. The word echoes around the closed chamber.
Chapter is unbetaed and final edits were done on my phone, so apologies for any egregious typos or other errors. If you spot any and want to lmk, I'd be mighty obliged
If he—
“Ca— Steve?”
You’re less than three minutes out when the Avengers stop responding. Fear begins to pound like a second heartbeat in your chest.
“In the end.”
“So okay,” Iron Man is saying, “more than okay,
And— And if Tony’s idea, crazy as it was, was
—only this time—
Iron Man swallows him down again.
“Even I can’t break the light-speed barrier,” Iron Man tells him. “And if I couldn’t with
Wanted to get this one out for my birthday, in hopes that any comments and kudos might distract me from the chill hand of the reaper. Hope you all enjoyed the boinking and the cuddling and general softness. Next time, we have… not that. Whoooooo’s excited for actions to have consequences??? *jazz hands*
“Cap?” Iron Man calls, voice clearer now and much closer. “Are you there? I just— I just want to be sure you’re okay.”
He wipes off his hands and reaches for his tablet. It’s not like this is the first time he’s struggled to get his mind and his body on the same page. A little research earlier in the week turned up an adult film actor who bore a passing resemblance to Tony—the right coloring, anyway, and similar facial hair, although he doubts Tony has quite so many tattoos—and Steve has been selectively sampling his filmography ever since. He’s not proud of it, but it’s helped him before, when things got really rough, and maybe if he can outsource the fantasizing to his computer screen he’ll finally be able to get on with things.
Never mind everything you’ve done. Never mind everything you’ve yet to do.
isn’t the one who walked away.
“Not a—a
Like he’s always done.
. Like he’s been there. Maybe on his own account, or maybe— Maybe what Iron Man said about Tony Stark being “equal opportunity” didn’t come from the tabloids at all.
“Aw, hell,” he hears Iron Man say from behind him. “Cap. Cap, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that. I didn’t mean to make fun, I’m just… processing.” He lets out a staticky laugh. “I mean, I’m a guy walking around in a custom-fitted tin can. One of my coworkers is an actual god, and I used to hang around with a modern-day Jekyll-and-Hyde. Only, you know. Greener. Who am I to judge?”
“Is it urgent?” Steve asks, voice brusque.
torn like a sob from his throat as he thrusts upward into Iron Man’s waiting mouth.
And despite the arousal that already has him rolling his hips in small, needy circles, Steve can’t help but smile.
Oof!”
Iron Man groans. “God, you can’t— you can’t just
except… isn’t it? Isn’t that exactly what you’ve done?
There’s a weight and an import to the question—even through everything else, Steve can sense that. It’s almost enough to make him want to pretend misunderstanding—to say, yes, of course he has, of course he’s done this before. He is so far from being a virgin, after all.
Luckily, Steve is out of earshot before he can hear Tony's reply.
Tony has boxed his ear.
Luke, unsurprisingly, declines, and that’s another thing you don’t have time for: Luke’s pissy, half-assed iconoclasm. You’re just about to tune back out except—
Heart jackhammering in your chest, you turn.
(See the end of the chapter for
In Bangalore, a group of teenagers lounge around the lobby of a hotel, uncaring of the leery looks of the doorman or the ever-watchful eye of the security camera.
like Iron Man is laughing at him. Iron Man’s laughter is a little manic, sure, but also bright and warm in some indefinable way. If Steve didn’t know better, he’d say it sounded…
“Oh, well.” Steve can hear Iron Man shift his weight from one foot to another and then back again. “I can always clean up when I get back to my room.”
“So, uh,” Iron Man says after a moment. “Not heat, but some kind of—of mating cycle? For lack of a better term?”
Iron Man’s breath catches, but his voice is firm when he says, “Then that’s what you’ll get.”
He turns to the side, walks forwards a few paces, stops, turns, walks a few paces back. Stops. “You know, you really are the most unrepentant asshole?”
After a moment, Iron Man says, gentle but firm, “You’re going to have to give me more than that, buddy.”
Steve props himself up on his elbows, listening to the sound of footsteps, the scrape of something heavy being lifted from the floor, and the click of something latching into his face.
“I’ll just—” Tony swallows visibly. “I’ll just leave you alone, shall I?”
things like that, Jesus—” When Steve rolls his hips this time, Iron Man meets him with an abortive thrust of his own.
he says,
.” Now Iron Man’s the one tugging Steve closer. “Look. The whole point of this is to help you feel good, yeah?”
“Maybe a little,” he offers.
You open your mouth, a question still unformed in your mind. You want so badly to touch, to lose yourself in the intimacy of skin against skin. Surely there’s something more you could give.
, he has to—
“I’ll be
“You never let me have any fun.” The huskiness in Iron Man’s voice belies the complaint.
It’s as if the world has spun away under your feet, leaving you floating in empty space. How foolish of you, how woefully naïve to imagine that there could be any such thing as a
You find him in the rubble, slumped over, battered and groaning. He’s clearly clinging to consciousness through sheer force of willpower, but still awake. Still miraculously alive. The rush of relief that hits you then is so bright, so heady and overwhelming that you forget for a moment that all of this is your fault. Trust him to outlast the guy with invulnerable skin and the guy with adamantium bones, the crazy, stubborn, magnificent bastard, Steve,
In a way, it’s an odd thing to fixate on. As if it matters who started it, as if it’s anything more than trivia. You still did what you did. There’s no chain of causality that could free you from that truth—no possible circumstance that could scrub away the stain.
You were always going to run out of time.
Steve doesn’t know how long it takes Iron Man to reach him. Time rapidly loses its significance as a measurable concept, giving way first to duration and then to simple endurance. Everything falls away until there is nothing left but the heat: the relentless burn where his finger has breached his body, the encompassing flames of his own desire. The fever climbs outside his body, searing the shape of absence into the air—Steve’s terrible, blazing need given form: arms, legs, a torso… He squeezes his eyes shut tight as Tony looms over him, the colors of the fire bleeding across his face, casting his features in scarlet and molten gold.
His eyes go blank, light spreading across them like an infection, a cold, machinic wash of blue. His lips work a few times; his hands sketch incomprehensible sigils. After a minute or two, he makes a pleased sound.
“Yeah,” he says. “That’s what I figured.”
“No,” Steve says, pressing his hands into his eyes. “No. No!”
him, or—
“You can come out,” Iron Man says.
. The thought is dizzying. He feels so crammed full of wanting it’s practically leaking through the pores of his skin. What would Tony say? Would he be embarrassed? horrified? intrigued?
“Mmm,” Steve agrees, making another grab for the pillow. He tucks it under his head, and smiles in Iron Man’s direction. The smile slips slowly from his face. “You going, then?”
He—he should say
He could call Iron Man.
Iron Man exhales on a laugh. “Right back atcha, buddy. Gotta say, I missed those baby blues.”
“For the insomnia,” Tony clarifies. “Anything to drink, or…?” He takes a sip from his mug. His mouth pulls to one side and he gives a little shudder as Steve watches in helpless fascination.
Steve’s mouth went dry. “You mean you…?”
He reaches down and unzips his pants, pulling himself out. He isn’t hard. He looks almost vulnerable, cradled there in his hand, except then he’s reaching out and grabbing Steve’s head and pulling him down onto his crotch and it’s not Tony who’s vulnerable, not Tony at all but Steve, forced open, made pliant—Steve with Tony’s soft weight on his tongue, too ineffectual even to arouse him—
There are stars in the darkness behind Steve’s eyes, bright sparks of pleasure streaking across an empty sky.
,” Steve stammers.
A few seconds of silence while Steve fights down a hysterical laugh, then the sound of the door opening and heavy boots approaching.
“Right back atcha, big guy,” and Steve is sure at least he isn’t imagining the softness in Iron Man’s voice.
Steve cracks open one eye, then the other, staring down at his sweat-slicked torso, at the place where his hand vanishes beneath (
Steve’s cheeks are hot. He licks his lips again, feels saliva beginning to pool beneath his tongue.
The sound settles low in Steve’s pelvis, adding to the tension building there. He nudges his hips forward again and it feels… Not pleasurable, exactly, or at least not yet, but
Maya is standing on the other side, wrapped in a bedsheet. Her hair is rumpled, but the flush of sex has mostly faded from her cheeks, and her lips look oddly pale. Because you haven’t been kissing, you realize. Not since the beginning.
You take a breath.
that. To unspool him a little, bring him down as loose and easy as Steve feels.
“Cap?” Iron Man’s voice is sharp with concern. “You all right? What’s going on?”
“Everything’s
“Sure,” he says. “Yeah, I can—” The hand on Steve’s ass slides up, starts tugging on the waistband of Steve’s boxers. “Fingers might be a little cold, but…”
you start to tell him, but the grip of his hand in yours—so tight you can feel his pulse, the steady surging of his blood. A lifeline.
to be thinking of Tony the way he has, but for god’s sake, he didn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here’s what’s going to happen,” he says. “I’m a busy man. My time is valuable, and you waste an awful lot of it, coming here, asking for things you’re never going to get. So now, I’m going to waste some of yours.”
The rending comfort of oblivion.
Slowly, Steve shakes his head.
of yours either. So tell me, Tony—” a light in her eyes, savage and empty and just this side of sane “—god’s honest truth, what the fuck does any of it
woven into the fabric of the universe.
And it’s fine, isn’t it, because Steve’s post-serum physiology has more than its fair share of quirks, and anyway this is
“It was something else,” Giant Man says, shaking his head. “I’ve never seen Iron Man fight like that before.”
Steve sits bolt upright, fingers balling into fists.
Steve splutters and gags as Tony smooths the hair back from his brow.
The mattress shifts and depresses as Iron Man climbs onto the bed, settling near Steve’s parted knees. Anticipation swells inside him until he’s well-nigh choking with it.
Steve ignores this sally. “Were you being Tony?”
Steve lies on his back, feeling the ache deep inside him, the faint strain of exertion in the muscles of his stomach and thighs. They’ll fade soon—the serum makes sure of that—but he wants to savor them while he can.
You’d still fight—of course you would—
He shuts his eyes. His body is burning, his dick swollen and aching. Steve has never in his life
“Ladies! Right on time! Unfortunately, I’m a little behind schedule—” and here he thrusts so hard that Steve gags “—but please do come upstairs and make yourself at home. I’ll be with you shortly.”
Steve’s head is tilted to one side. “And what about a third option?”
Despite himself, Steve smiles. “Feeling jealous?”
In a shop in Cádiz, a man argues with a harried-looking cashier. The man pulls out a knife.
He began another inspection of the perimeter, more to have something to do than out of any expectation that he’d find something new. There was a restless kind of energy bubbling up inside him. Frustration, he thought, probably. He’d never done well with being cooped up. He needed action, any kind of action. He was almost ready to settle on asking Tony to spar—the man could use some work on his hand to hand—except, of course, Tony had gone off to take a
Pulling a crumpled wad of fabric from the back of a drawer. Shaking out the creases.
For a moment, the fire in Steve’s cheeks is out-burning the ones inside him.
He knew it had to be something like that. Something innocuous. Something that was nothing at all. It was just that, for a moment there, he thought…
Rogers is sitting just where he was when Tony began. He’s just been sitting there this entire time, Tony realizes. Sitting there and watching him. The thought is… His mouth pulls as he tries to pigeonhole the shiver of energy racing down his spine. He settles on ‘unnerving.’
You pull back abruptly, reeling back long strands of self from where they’ve entangled themselves in the hospital’s computer systems. Faintly, you hear footsteps retreating in the distance, so you shut down your senses as well, lock yourself deep within the impregnable fortress of your body.
.” The word falls like a sob from his lips. “Please, it has to be you, you’re the only one I can trust—”
After a minute or so, he shifts a little, preparing to tangle one of his legs with Iron Man’s, but the movement makes his hip brush up against the wet spot. Ruined sheets, he thinks. That’s right. There’s something he meant to…
might be uncomfortable?
“Just like that,” Iron Man praises, as his finger circles round and presses in again, a gentle but unmistakable intrusion. “All coming back to you now?” There’s something in his voice that’s more than an idle question, but Steve doesn’t know what to do with that—can’t
Survive, he supposes. He’s always been good at that.
Steve knows he should object, but his head is filled with noise and he can’t seem to figure out how or why.
“Oh!” Tony laughed and ducked his head, looking uncharacteristically sheepish. “I may have… taken care of the problem. Pre-emptively, you understand.”
“That—
to…?”
He comes face to face with Tony only once since the beginning of his cycle, and then entirely by accident.
and he’ll look into the weapon, and he’ll figure it out, and he
Silence from the other end of the line. It stretches between them, echoing and empty and ever more glaringly
Fingers stroke over the place where Iron Man had tapped out his refusal, soothing Steve, gentling him. Iron Man shifts his weight once more and a hand presses lightly against Steve’s chest, holding him down to the mattress.
He can almost taste Iron Man’s hesitation.
Steve lifts his head, feeling the muscles in his neck straining—an obscene amount of effort for such a simple gesture.
You feel something draining out of you, like air from a punctured tire. “What do you want, Steve?” you ask, so tired.
He palms himself through the fabric of his trousers. It hurts, the way the zipper and rough cloth press and drag against his over-sensitized skin, and yet somehow it’s still not anywhere near enough. An involuntary moan escapes him. It’s all he can do to keep his lips from forming Tony’s name.
or the
“I’m just tucking the ends in,” Iron Man tells him. “But it should all come off easily as soon as you tug one loose.”
His voice is matter-of-fact, but pitched low and soothing. He sounds like he does when he’s reassuring a frightened civilian, and Steve hates how something in him responds to the tone.
“I don’t care—”
He comes hunched over in his chair, soaked in sweat, lungs heaving as though he’s run a great distance.
“Have you always, uh. Handled this on your own?”
How long has this been building, and all without his noticing? He pops the top button of his jeans, hoping to relieve the pressure, but all he can think about is Tony’s mouth, the elegant line of his mustache, the sharp and almost startlingly deep dip of the cupid’s bow—about how that mustache might feel against his skin, about what it would look like to have those lips stretched around his cock.
Steve groans. “I
“You want me to touch you, Steve?”
You’re thinking of Maya—
Steve tries to shake his head, but one of Iron Man’s hands is still pressed against his skull, holding the makeshift blindfold in place. He wets dry lips and forces himself to speak.
Except…
“Aw, you know me,” Iron Man says. “Anything for a man in uniform.”
Steve makes a soft protesting noise, but Iron Man’s voice brooks no argument.
But he knows what Iron Man is asking—god, does he know. Has he done
They wind up, despite Iron Man’s initial protests—
“I can’t be here,” Steve says abruptly. “I can’t— I thought you were
“Fools!” the villain screeches from where he hovers fifteen feet above a brightly lit billboard. “Do you think to stand against me? All shall fall before the might of Rostro the Puppeteer!”
He makes it almost a full hour before touching himself. He’s never been particularly given to self-loathing, but standing in the shower with the water pounding down from above—ice cold, not that it makes the slightest difference—and his hand glistening with his own stolen release, he thinks he comes pretty damn close.
And sure, maybe you have some inside information, but still it’s… gratifying, in a way, in the midst of all this disaster. You did what you set out to do. Project Argo would have
“Then I guess I’m in your hands,” Rogers says, voice steady, and even through the armor Tony can feel his gaze like it gives off heat.
Tony ignores the nauseous pang the ‘we’ sends through him. Not a bomb then. Just something someone wanted to keep hidden.
anything, Steve realized. He’d noticed it before, when he’d stood trying to listen outside the door to the bathing room. The rooms were, effectively, soundproofed.
“Winghead? Are you all right?”
“See you soon?” It comes out a little quicker than Steve intended, eager and questioning, but Iron Man only replies generically:
Maya snorts and hitches up a shoulder and half turns away, and that’s when Sentry crashes through the roof.
Tony did, Steve recalls, invite him as well.
, so he just nods in answer.
.” Lord, he can barely even
“Sorry,” he says, releasing his grip.
Next time: some more shit happens i guess. probably there are orgasms. maybe cuddling. we'll see.
, I don’t have enough hands for this. Think you could help me out, gorgeous?”
You can do better than that. You can
never’ve told, only three weeks later Monaghan was packed off with an administrative discharge, and Steve knew Monaghan didn’t have the sense he was born with—he’d tried it with
Not a problem.
Rogers’ lips pull further, and, yeah he’s actually
“Well, yeah, but not like—” Iron Man cuts off. His voice when he resumes is a little stilted. “Sorry. The last thing you need right now is me perving all over you.”
any villains. A war of heroes only.
“Help a guy out here, Winghead,” and god
He presses the heels of his hands to his temples. Iron Man probably just had some kind of errand to run, or— or an appointment to keep, maybe. There are a thousand possible explanations, none of which merit this sudden swell of desolation
“Don’t touch me!”
“That’d be really great, Shellhead,” Steve forces out through dry lips. “Thanks.”
“Hey, no worries. Like I said, if your cycle’s giving you trouble, I’m happy to lend a hand.” His voice is warm and light, like he’s making a joke, but that’s—that’s not
Staring.
“Steve? Everything all right?” His voice is sharp—urgent. “I can be there in ten—no, make that seven—”
He finishes cleaning up his and Iron Man’s mess, bundling the sheets into the hamper and sponging up the few traces of come left of the floor—gives himself a more thorough wipe-down with the washcloth, and then sits down to finally finish drawing up that training regimen, the one he’d mentioned to Iron Man—was it really only two weeks ago?
Iron Man’s fist tightens on Steve’s cock and Steve gives a muffled shout, thrusting upwards into his grip.
“Oh, I am. Don’t you worry about that.”
Mind already buzzing with such amiable schemes, Steve reaches for his cell phone.
Iron Man inhales in a hiss of static. His hands clench briefly on Steve’s shoulders.
But it’s as if you’ve struck at the faultlines of him. Steve’s face seems to crack open; all his tension, all of his painstaking composure crumbling away in an instant.
But then, would that really be so bad? Iron Man is his friend, after all—someone Steve can trust. He may not know much about the man beneath the mask, but he knows that much—knows too that whatever else he looks like, the man beneath the mask is tall, and has piercing blue eyes, which is… which is very…
The sheer
From our friends and teammates. From your boss. From everyone we’re supposed to trust.
The heat dies away to the faintest warmth. “So what’s the verdict?” Iron Man asks.
Iron Man groans, long and low. “You’re killing me here. I thought Captain America never killed?”
like this was a trip to a goddamn health spa.
“And it’s been a little distracting. Even when I’m not actually, you know…”
Rogers says, stiffly, “What’s an acceptable risk for me isn’t the same as an acceptable risk for my team.”
“Mother of God, Tony, you—” And then there was nothing else to say. Steve crossed the room in three strides, and then he was taking Tony’s face in his hands, drawing it up to his and Tony’s lips were parting and the heat of his breath—the heat and the wet and the heat—
Steve gets obligingly to his feet, not quite able to resist licking his lips as noisily as possible for the pleasure of hearing the stutter in Iron Man’s breath.
“Now, be good and wait for me, will you? After all, I might need to use you again, if the ladies want a second round.”
Iron Man’s breathing has gone distinctly uneven. “Yeah, s-sorry. The armor—”
more; has never wanted to want less.
The two of you in a room in your old mentor’s house. Together. Alone. Both fugitives and damn near crawling out of your skins with it. Maya’s got a drink in her hand and you dig your fingernails into your palms to disguise the way they ache in their emptiness.
what the hell are you going to tell Steve?
“I don’t want you to do anything you don’t…”
All he has to do is stand, walk the dozen-odd feet to the door—
—to take advantage of that admiration for his own physical gratification? And with so much at stake, would Tony even feel himself able to say no?
Maybe you can finally be
You’ve braced yourself for his anger. Anger has always lain at the very heart of him, as much as his ideals, as much as his kindness and his determination and his hope, and Steve’s core has always been bedrock. His rage will be elemental, the earth’s righteous fury, and you will lie there and you will take it, because Steve’s anger—Steve’s hatred—is nothing more than you deserve.
Until something happened—an action taken, a path chosen, and then, somehow, it was.
Steve thinks of that, of
“I thought it might help to talk about— But if it’s too weird, I totally understand.”
there were things he should be doing. Re-rechecking the perimeter. Looking for weapons. Again.
“Listen, Winghead, I’m sure if you just told him—”
Iron Man makes a small sound of realization. He’s always been quick on the update. “Oh, honestly, Winghead. Is this because I said, in the note…?” The tension has left his voice now, replaced by amused exasperation. “It’s just an
“Just talk to me,” Steve says, and he’s stepping forward, he’s reaching out a hand—
“Don’t what?”
“So,” Iron Man says, still slowly, as if trying the words out, “you’re saying that the reason you’ve been so distracted lately is that you’re… in heat.”
Fabric slides across his cheekbones, his shut eyes and the bridge of his nose. It feels expensive, smooth and cool as water.
“You’re so good, Steve, Christ, better than anything he’s ever had. Better than anything he’s ever dreamed, you—”
Normally he’s entirely for these post-battle debriefings. It’s not easy to coordinate a team of five highly-powered individuals, all of whom maintain separate lives, careers, and identities. Well, all except Steve, who has secrets enough as it is. The debriefs are valuable, if nothing else, for creating a sense of continuity and cohesion—for helping the Avengers seem less like a loose confederation of individuals and more like a unit, on and off the battlefield. Steve is a soldier. He knows the value of that.
“You’re just mad because I’m right.”
“Like I said, I can’t remove all of it. The helmet will have to stay, and the chest plate, but the rest of it… I mean, if you want—”
Your body is a ruin.
“Jesus,
Iron Man is very still.
He winches the dental gag wider, sticks his fingers in Steve’s mouth, rubbing across the tops of Steve’s molars before coming to rest on the flat of his tongue. It’s too far back for Steve to taste him, for the fingers to be anything other than a deliberate violation. Tony grips Steve’s chin, thumb digging into the soft flesh behind his jaw, and turns his head from side to side. Inspecting the merchandise.
He must have said that part out loud because Iron Man huffs out a laugh.
“You’re bigger than me,” Steve reminds him. “Technically.”
Steve waits for the relief to hit him, the vindication, but all he feels is more confusion. “Then why’d you
—and now he’s here, asking you to throw it all away for, what? an empty page? for good intentions, and hope?
Iron Man startles backwards as Steve surges forward, almost throwing himself bodily onto the table. If Iron Man had been wearing anything other than a suit of armor, Steve might have picked him up and shaken him.
But it’s not like you can tell Steve that.
—even from Steve’s enhanced hearing. Still, Steve didn’t like it, being cut off like that, under the circumstances. Not knowing what was going on. He could always just… just open the door and check…
“Do we need to have a talk about victim blaming?”
Tony’s mug is still steaming on the counter. Steve can see—the advantages of super-soldier vision—the faint wet gleam where Tony’s lips met the porcelain just minutes before. It would be so easy to fit his own over the mark, a secondhand kiss.
“In that case…” There’s an air of slight confusion in Giant-Man’s voice, as if he can hardly believe the words coming out of his own mouth. “The meeting is adjourned.”
Why can’t he just let you
“You’re going to break something, carrying on like that,” Iron Man scolds.
He doesn’t have his armor and he doesn’t have his sensors—doesn’t have anything except Rogers’ urgent cry of “Tony, watch—!” and he doesn’t listen to Steve Rogers anymore, does he, and so he doesn’t see the vase he knocked to the floor and so he trips and so—arms windmilling, grasping for ballast in the empty air—he falls—
There’s a pause.
Another twitch deep in the muscle, followed by a slow, squirming crawl.
“Yeah,” he says. “I really do.”
It gets worse.
Such a small, strange sacrifice, you thought then. You will give up so much for this, before the end. For the war you never wanted but know you must win. What does this matter, when it comes down to it?
Yet, try as he might, he can’t quite get into the story the way he’d expected. The newest section opens after a significant time skip, centering around characters not previously introduced, and maybe Steve is taking things a little too personally, but he finds himself resenting the gap, that tacit expectation of readjustment.
And there’s that muscle spasm again, only higher now, and deeper, and it feels—
“Doesn’t count unless I’m the one doing it? I’m flattered.”
The hands release their grip and begin to move, skimming his flanks, flitting over his chest and biceps.
“You just stay put and keep me warm, hmm?”
(Sometimes, in his secret, most shameful thoughts, he lets himself hope that Extremis will overrun him completely. Erase everything bruised and impotent and aching—hollow him to the core. He could stand at Tony’s side again, perfect, ascendant, and empty. But it seems soullessness is yet another privilege Tony keeps only for himself.)
He gets kind of into it, the cooking. Roasted chicken breast with mashed potatoes and broccoli on the side. It’s not… strictly necessary, sure, but it’s healthy, and a nice distraction, and even if spending that long in the kitchen
know. And there’s—god, there’s
“Sure sounds like it,” Steve says dully. He can’t even find it in himself to be angry.
“That’s what happened today. Something happened to… remind you.”
A white star winks from a broad field of blue.
“You? Never.” Iron Man shifts his weight, folds and unfolds his arms before putting them behind his back. “So, uh. How are you doing?”
“I’m not a cat,” he snaps.
“The…kinks?” he echoes, dumbly.
,” Steve says. The word comes out far too vehement. “I mean, not yet. I…” He looks away, cheeks burning. Here’s Iron Man offering to do this extraordinary thing for him, and Steve can’t even figure out what he
You’re not missing time, exactly. Not like you were when you killed those people (and wouldn’t it be terrible, and wouldn’t it be
the relentlessness of his presence.
“Just… give yourself some time to adjust, okay? I know it can be a lot, your first time—”
He draws Merlyn first, wise and a little bit humorous, and—good
You could fix that. Insert a script into your brain, corrupt the code, let the perfect, hideous machine of your body fritz and error and bluescreen itself into the ground. You could—
and finally,
you begin, and god, what a blunder, his name in your mouth. It bursts on your tongue like overripe fruit; you have to close your eyes just to process the half-rotten sweetness of it, the way it clings like syrup to the walls of your mouth.
But you’re the futurist, the realist to Steve’s idealist, so you swallow the hurt of it and you make your plans and you set your back to the wind and your face to the world to come. And maybe you’re broken, maybe you’re flawed and wavering and weak, but you’ll just have to fix that. That’s what you do; you fix things. You make them work. You will do what is needed; you will
Iron Man picks up on the second ring.
. Like
Rogers is still staring, eyes wide and dazed and gleaming. Tony follows his gaze back to where his hand grips Tony’s arm, and this time he sees not the grasp, but the fineness of the fabric of his shirt—how thin a layer separates Rogers’ skin from his own.
“Just like that,” someone is saying. “Oh god, Steve, god—”
“Well. Good.” He doesn’t quite feel equal to meeting Rogers’ eye, so he shoves his hands into his pockets and makes a show of looking around the room. “So. How long will I have the dubious pleasure of your company?”
So Steve’s just… what? The warm up? The appetizer before the main course? Just tolerable enough for Tony to stick his cock into, but not even worthy of getting him off?
Iron Man clears his throat.
“Because, really, no one could blame you,” Iron Man says, gently teasing—plainly trying to put Steve at ease. “We’ve all seen Thor. Between those biceps and those flowing golden locks—”
“I’m not sure.” A confession.
You look back at her at that. “Then why—?” The thought crosses your mind that maybe this, in some convoluted way, was Maya’s revenge. For putting her away. For breaking her out again. Steve accused you, during your last fight, of playing god. You guess this is one way to pull down a god.
And maybe he’s right to do it, because it still takes a moment for the meaning of those words to penetrate.
Iron Man’s hands. So often felt, these past few days, but never seen. Steve imagines
He feels rather than sees the hand descending on his shoulder and throws up a hand to ward it off.
“Because you failed to secure the perimeter. You’ve
“Says the man in the robot suit,” Steve mumbles, not meeting Iron Man’s gaze.
last night.”
Steve pleads in his mind.
Thanks to cptxrogers for cheerreading and wynnesome for betaing, both on very short notice! Y'all're rockstars. I did a bunch of rewriting before posting, so any errors are most certainly my own.
“I bet I can guess its expression though.” Steve pulls an expression of ludicrous shock and dismay, nostrils flaring, mouth open with the corners downturned.
His voice—its gentleness, its control, its utter lack of surprise—floods like ice water down your spine as, suddenly, sickeningly, you realize just how badly you’ve botched this. You thought he wasn’t here to fight, but this whole time he’s been dodging and feinting, bending the whole of his tactician’s mind to the task, maneuvering you inch by inch until he’s got you exactly where he wants you. This has always been a battle—and it’s one you’re losing.
The door swings open.
“Not,” he says reluctantly, “with a man.”
“I know,” he says. “What’d I tell you? Best thing in the whole damn world.”
“No,” he hears himself say. “What’s a placebo effect?”
One corner of your mouth has lifted in a jeering smile. Now your cheek tics with the effort of keeping its place. “People change, Steve. Relationships fall apart. That’s
A UTI. Jesus. The banality of it shakes you to the core.
Maya’s already off you by the time you come back to yourself. She’s rolled onto her side, hand delving between her legs.
That’s Iron Man’s voice, warm and artificial and much, much closer than he’d expected.
A vacancy; a neon-lighted nothing where something ought to be.
“Great!” she exclaims. “Not that this hasn’t been a blast, but…”
Until now.
—and smacks his lips. The sound, in context, is so obscene that it makes Steve laugh and shudder and blush all at once.
“Steve,” Iron Man echoes, sounding—and this can’t be right, but—sounding almost reverent. “
with him?
He half expects Iron Man to balk, but instead, he hears the scrape of a chair followed by receding footsteps. Something on the other side of the room beeps and whirs.
Across from you, Steve sits like a statue. His face is blank; only by the minutest motions of his chest can you tell he’s even still breathing.
It was such a revelation to you, the idea that something could be so manifestly flawed and still be beautiful. Your lovers have always been perfect in your eyes, and Steve the greatest paragon of all.
Remembers how it felt, to be raw with shock and grief, finding refuge—finding
The shock of the name sends arousal zinging down Steve’s spine and he whines around Iron Man’s cock.
That, too, feels almost like a confession.
Something wild and lawless is surging through your veins. Just let him come closer, just
“Iron Man!” he says, pulling open the door. He rearranges his features into an approximation of the welcoming smile with which he would, under any other circumstance, greet his best friend in the modern age. “What can I do for you?”
Sleep has burnished away all of Steve’s softness. His jaw is clenched; his frown carves deep lines about his mouth and brow. He looks implacable. Unyielding. You try calling to mind his eyes, the way they look when he smiles, but the darkness has leached the color out of more than just the room, and you find you can no longer remember their shade.
The thought hits him in a white-hot rush.
always be like this. It’s only that the wound is so fresh, and the knowledge of your own guilt still so sharp in your mind. You’ve a lifetime’s experience learning about scars: the ways they heal and the ways they don’t. This will get easier, with time.
The word lances like a knife through your heart, but you force yourself to stop, to look up and meet his earnest blue gaze. You take a breath. Open your mouth, and tell him…
Steve flushes, and slows his hand, but doesn’t stop. He won’t be ashamed of this. All he was doing was taking the edge off; it wasn’t like it counted—
If he hadn’t come—
You come back to yourself in pieces. First, a disjointed series of sensations—cool air, the astringent sweetness of antiseptic, the faint hum of machinery, the coarse smoothness of cloth stretched tight across a set of toes—
“It wouldn’t,” Steve gasps out, “it wouldn’t be right. Not when I was thinking of— of—”
Given Steve’s…
“Yeah, I’ve got nothing,” says Iron Man.
Rogers’ lips pull lopsidedly. He shrugs. “It’s been said.”
“What’s going on?” he demands.
“Is that going to be a problem?” Steve asks, evenly.
“I see,” Rogers says. “Orders of magnitude.”
“What do you know about the SHRA?”
The thought comes to Tony quite plainly then, snapping into place like a ball and chain, a relentless, dragging weight.
Except that Tony didn’t come out. Because… because he hadn’t
Iron Man lets out a huff of laughter. It has no warmth in it. “I guess you don’t read the tabloids, huh? Let me assure you, Cap, Mr. Stark’s most definitely, uh. Equal opportunity, so to speak.”
He feels good, really, emphatically
Because of course he did.
“Ever since the serum, I haven’t felt much in the way of physical… urges. I see a good-looking dame—sorry, woman—on the street or the television and I can admire her, but I don’t feel…” He pulls a face, gesturing vaguely at the part of himself which is mercifully concealed by the table. “There’s just… nothing there. No interest.”
“Sorry to disappoint,” Wasp says cheerfully, “but I got my information secondhand. I left early. You weren’t the only one with
There’s a fractional pause, just long enough to wonder if Steve has—somehow,
“Cap?” Iron Man prompts.
You hear the opening of drawers, the rustle of someone rummaging through discarded clothing. You hear Maya curse.
“If,” Steve says, and every word is a battle, “if
“Throw it?”
Then:
Yeah, Steve likes that a lot.
There are a lot of things Steve likes about the twenty first century. There are a lot of things he misses.
Steve goes cold.
Steve tries to say
—” His voice goes weirdly fervent on the last word, in a way that jolts right to Steve’s cock, but all Steve can picture is the darkness of Tony’s eyes, the ruddy flush staining his cheeks, the desire writ plain in every slack line of his face.
Iron Man’s absence admittedly puts a spoke in those pleasant—he stretches again, curling his toes, mmm,
“No, it’s, ah. Not really that funny, just.” Iron Man sucks in a gasp of air.
Maybe it was in a cave in Afghanistan, when a man you barely knew saved your life and taught you that the engine of the future is fueled by sacrifice, and that change—real change—always comes hand in hand with destruction.
Your eyes are growing wet. You lift your head to try and blink away the moisture, and then, when that doesn’t work, tilt your chin all the way back so your tears catch the light—let the refractions dazzle away your sight.
“Hey,” she says.
“So trusting,” Iron Man murmurs, almost to himself.
All motion behind him ceases. Steve’s brain catches up with his ears, and he jerks forward, away from Iron Man.
all-new, never before posted! unbeta-ed: all mistakes are my own.
my world,” he says, and looks away so he doesn’t have to see Rogers’ face close down, to see that sadness—distant, immeasurable—creep into his eyes.
“Wasn’t it?”
and there indeed he’ll be—there just like he’s always been, all this time, just out of sight.
“And you,” Tony continues, “you’re the worst of all. You want me to heal you, you want me back on the team, you want me to be like I was before, you want me to
He starts with the most obvious objection.
There was no “and then.” He had Gail waiting for him. Gail whom he loved, Gail whom he would’ve been faithful to, and anyway he wouldn’t— He wasn’t—
It’s on the tip of his tongue to call Iron Man on the lie, except… What would that actually get him? More lies? More searoom in the widening gulf between them?
He rubs at his upper arm, trying to flatten the goosebumps that have appeared there. He supposes he’s just never really felt it before, not like this: the mystery of Iron Man, its breadth and its magnitude.
Rogers seems to hesitate, but when Tony looks up, his gaze is steady, face clear. Nothing to indicate a lie.
He pictures it now, Iron Man’s naked torso, his muscles firm but the flesh overtop tender and untouched, pale as a kept secret. Flecked with pearly scars. A constellation. A history.
Steve stopped again. Breathed in. Breathed out.
I mean. Eventually. Sex is solving, right? Fuck it out and everything’s fine? That’s definitely how it works, I’m like, 80% sure. Well. 65%. If you round up. By a lot. IT'S GONNA BE FINE.
Steve blinks at him, surprised. He’d completely forgotten about the damage to his uniform.
And yeah, maybe he thinks he could—maybe he’d even be stubborn enough to try it, but sooner or later, it would all fall apart. He’d never really be able to trust you—how could he?—and over time, with every compromise, every bit of himself bartered away to try and hold together your already shattered relationship, that distrust would stretch into resentment, into anger, into loathing. No matter what, this ends with him hating you.
And then the door is shutting behind him and Steve is alone.
Steve pushes himself up and swings around to sit on the edge of the bed. Across the room, mid-morning sunlight streams through French windows, warm and golden, like someone’s idea of a joke. He stares down at the phone in his lap, the phone blinking the length of the call back up at him. Seven minutes and forty-three seconds. The numbers look wrong, out of place, as if time is a faulty metric. As if whatever just happened can only be understood according to some other scale entirely. Turbulence, maybe. Seismic magnitude.
“I want to touch you
Tony whispers in his mind,
“Save the flattery,” Tony snaps. He chances a quick glance down at his hands—still rock steady—then forces himself to look back at Rogers. “If someone’s spotted you, they’ll have people waiting at the border. At
Rogers inhales sharply, and it’s like he’s sucked the breath right out of Tony’s lungs, the way the room goes thick and dizzy and airless. He squeezes down, as if in response, and then his hand begins to move, thumb moving to trace the curve of the muscle while his pinky steals down towards the bare skin of Tony’s forearm.
Hi guys! I'm not dead and neither is this story!
Rogers’ face scrunches up. “Not— I phrased that poorly. I only meant that there aren’t too many places left in the world where you’re not obligated to arrest me on sight.” There’s a drop of irony in his voice, a touch of the old gallows humor. He looks Tony right in the eyes when he says it, like he’s inviting him to share the joke.
“If you’d just come back here, it wouldn’t be a problem.”
“I’m extrapolating. Also, you’re breaking out in goosebumps.”
And then his hand was sliding, tractionless, across the top of the wardrobe door, his foot kicking up from where it was braced at the bottom, the other crumpling beneath him, and he was falling, falling, god
“Oh! Sure.” Iron Man’s eyes—what Steve can see of them through the mask, anyway—are wide and a little taken aback, but he continues gamely enough, “Just say the word and I’m yours.”
A few days. Maybe a week. You’ve checked the logs: Steve hasn’t been back to the tower since your confrontation at the hospital. No doubt he’s avoiding you—which is, you remind yourself as your heart clenches like a fist in your chest, something to be grateful for. A mercy for you both. But if you make it clear that you’ll be elsewhere, well. That should give him time to gather his things. Make his arrangements. As neat a severance as you could hope for.
“The door’s locked. Are you able to let me in?”
and make the call. Or—not wants to exactly, but wants to want to. Wants to imagine that he could. That there was ever even a choice to be made.
“All done,” Iron Man announces as more clunking footsteps announce his return. “All recording devices have been disabled, and I’ve put the room on lockdown, just to be sure. We can leave at any time, but no one can enter unless we let them.”
“Oh god,” he says. “Oh god, I’m so sorry, I should never— This is wrong, I can’t—”
“But I appreciate the offer. Was that everything? Because I really ought to be getting back to—”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Steve says. “Just hang on a moment.”
he’s talking about—if you look up ‘desirable’ in the dictionary it’s accompanied with a photo of Tony’s face—and so it doesn’t mean anything. Not really.
Tony’s voice taunts in his head.
“I don’t…” He trails away. “How?”
Steve shakes his head, thrashing it against the pillow. “I didn’t— didn’t
“Do you want me to?” Iron Man says again.
“See you.”
you can’t do this, you
He blinks. Tony is still halfway across the kitchen, hip propped comfortably against the counter, one hand curled around a mug.
Tony can’t help but notice that his cheeks are still flushed.
believed. Just… not enough.
Like all cleansing things, it doesn’t last.
What’s the Iron Man
Tony steps down out of the armor, trying not to feel like he’s losing a major tactical advantage. Rogers isn’t going to attack him—Tony trusts him that far, at least—so firepower is irrelevant. The lost inches in height are— well, Tony’s always favored brains over brawn, and as for Tony’s battle-worn appearance—the creases in his suit, the sweat-rumpled mess of his hair—Rogers isn’t exactly looking funky fresh himself. He seems to have leaned pretty hard into the whole ‘FBI’s most wanted’ aesthetic, actually, though he wears it irritatingly well. That beard is really—
So maybe he was being unfair. Sure, Tony had his problems, and sure, he was about the furthest thing from a soldier Steve had ever fought with, but he was a good fighter and a damn good teammate, and most of the time there was no one Steve would rather have at his back.
“Does it matter?” you try at last.
He opens his eyes.
,” Steve all but hisses, hand flying to his crotch to grind against the hardness there.
What was it Romanoff had written on his SHIELD evaluation? “Iron Man, yes; Tony Stark, not recommended?”
“Not with the—the armor. Just you. Need to feel you,
When he speaks again, his tone is light, but the lightness has a forced quality to it.
Steve lifts his head. There’s an empty, aching desolation in his eyes, so much worse than tears. “When did you stop loving me?” he asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rogers whispers, and the heat in his voice is like the desert sun.
“Stop that,” Iron Man says, nudging him in the chest with an outstretched toe. “I’m trying to apologize here—”
Steve blinks.
(Non-commenting readers, you are valid and I also love you, even if I have trouble believing anyone actually reads this unless they directly interact with me about it. Your existence is entirely hypothetical to me but I still think you're a peach. Peaches. Whatever.)
Tony stares at the bag, at its sharp, irregular bulges. “You brought me a weapon.” He feels a dull, mechanical
you think, and the world goes black.
The other, deeper problem, of course—and where along the way did you allow yourself to forget it?—is that the world just
You shut your mouth. Let your mind split. It was only out of habit that you remained so long in one place—you are so much more than your body now. One fragment remains in bed, timing the rolling of your hips to Maya’s thrusts, receiving and processing the really very pleasant sensations of heat and pressure around your cock. The rest of you is…
“I need,” Steve pants, and he doesn’t know what he needs, but apparently Iron Man does, because something brushes across his stomach and then there’s a hand curling around his cock, slicking him with his own precome and it’s so
to keep it together—
apologetic, but at the same time there’s a calculating look in his eye, as if he’s watching to see how it all goes over.
Honestly—as adrenaline floods your limbic system, run program
“Right,” Iron Man says. “Of course. Just one thing, before you go. Your mail.”
One tap.
The word
Steve lurched to his feet, stumbled half-blindly across the room. One hand caught the back of one of the sofas, as the other dug furiously—painfully—into the root of his crotch. He couldn’t— he shouldn’t be— No.
He doesn’t look back.
On his watch. And all his fault. Because he made a call. The right call which was really the wrong call which was the only call to make. Because of Rogers. Because he
Iron Man swears, almost too low for Steve to catch. “Okay,” he says. “I don’t have the master key; not on me. I can run and get it—”
“You love me,” he says. An accusation.
After all, how long can charging the armor actually take? How long ago did Iron Man leave? Surely he’ll have finished by now, or at least be close to finishing. And he did say to call, if Steve needed anything. And okay—Steve smooths the sheets across his thighs, eyeing the bulge of his cock—so maybe it’s not actually a
He jerks his head in a nod.
Steve hopes his silence is stern enough to convey his disapproval. He figures he probably manages decently well, all things considered. After all, it’s not like Iron Man can see the smile tugging at the corners of his lips, although he might just be able to catch the hitch in Steve’s breathing as he lets his fingers wander down to his abs…
“Go!” Iron Man flaps a gauntleted hand at him. “Go on. I promise I won’t hold it against you. Not unless you want me to.”
“You don’t even know what my face looks like,” Iron Man says, sounding a little disgruntled.
“—work.”
“I only wanted—”
He imagines opening his mouth for Tony eagerly, willingly, of his own accord. Imagines Tony’s half-incredulous gasp of pleasure. Drags his tongue up the underside of Tony’s cock.
“There’s an extraction plan in place,” Rogers assures him. The ‘but’ hovers almost tangibly in the air.
And god, the confidence in his voice, the smug and unwavering certainty. You splay your fingers to keep them from balling into fists. Not even a shadow of a doubt, when he should be calling everything that’s ever between you into question. You want to take that terrible, suffocating faith and rip it to shreds, except you thought you’d already done that. Can’t he see you’re nothing,
Not trusting himself to speak, Steve nods.
weren’t—” You rake your hands through your hair. “She was there, and everything was so— and I just—” It sounds like you’re making excuses, and you’re not, there are no excuses, you
“What.”
It’s the same thing Iron Man told him only a little while before, back when he was being Tony.
He just has time to register that the second actor—the one whose name he didn’t recognize—is big, blond, and muscular before the beefy blond guy is on his back with his knees around his ears while the Tony-lookalike slams into him and Steve. Is.
Steve stops thinking about much of anything at all.
He waits.
“Follow the carnage.”
“Well, ‘good’
Steve shakes his head, feeling a surge of fondness even through the prickling heat that’s begun creeping over him once again. Iron Man has always gone so far out of his way to make sure Steve feels welcome. Some days, Steve’s not sure what he’d have done without him.
He wants it left pristine, untouched, that moment of recognition—
,” Steve growls, which is unworthy, but for god’s sake, how many times is Iron Man going to make him say it before he gives him what he needs?
Steve smiles, helplessly, and rolls his head to one side. “Sorry I didn’t… didn’t warn you. I should’ve… I’m sorry.”
“Tell you what,” Iron Man says, very gentle, very kind. “We’ll take it slow for now, how’s that sound? I mean, I’d like that. Like to take my time with you, while that’s possible. We’ll keep it to what feels good, and when you need more, just tells me.”
You’re thinking of a shield raised high on a broken street and a broken man lying beneath it, waiting for the blow to fall.
He pulls away, pulls out of Steve and every nerve in Steve’s body screams in protest. Steve reaches out, blindly.
, before he reveals something he regrets.
Steve hears boots retreating, the click of the lock, and then boots approaching again. There’s a series of faint mechanical sounds. When Iron Man speaks, his voice is right around the level of Steve’s ear, and Steve realizes he must have crouched down to Steve’s level.
he here?
Because he has to.
That’s the problem with predicting the future: you can never really track all the variables. However advanced your model, there’s always the possibility of something unforeseen, knocking your carefully ordered world askew.
pull, soldier,
Steve stops, mired in sudden uncertainty. Does Iron Man not like it? Does he not want this? Maybe Steve is doing it wrong, and so selfish of him even to ask it in the first place—
“Hey, easy there, fella.” Steve’s laughing, just a little. He can’t help it. It warms him, hearing how much Iron Man cares, how important Steve’s well-being is to him. How did Steve ever doubt him? How could he ever have imagined, even for a moment, that Iron Man would just… just
A sudden burst of pleasure rips you back into your body. You are small and limited and human again. Maya is grinding down, squeezing around your cock like she’s trying to milk the orgasm right out of you. You gasp, a strangled sound, and she pulls up again, shoving back the hair that’s fallen into her eyes. Her eyes are bright, face flushed almost dark enough to disguise the red stripe of the wound across her cheek. She is unspeakably beautiful.
In a library in Buenos Aires, a young woman types out a cover letter on one of the public computers. The man next to her is watching porn.
he thinks.
“Too cold?”
“Keep going.”
There’s a faint crunching sound. Tony glances down at his hands, still safely encased in his gauntlets, and realizes they’re gripping the arms of the chair so hard that the wood has begun to splinter.
Steve tries to dredge up a suitable response to Iron Man’s teasing, but his mouth is dry as his imagination conjures Tony in his workshop, grease-marked and rumpled—
Deciding.
Iron Man had
“Rostro?”
You take out the rogue armors one by one, and you’re almost laughing, because god, what a screw up. What a collosal fucking waste. You’re not working alone, of course—little details like “wanted fugitive” have a tendency to fade away in the heat of necessity—but every time, it’s your plan that finally puts the rogue down. Every time, you’re the one delivering the killing blow.
That done, he stretches and debates the merits of going down to the gym. He wants—god, he feels good—wants to do…
Steve wraps both legs around Iron Man’s armored torso and rolls the pair of them over, using his newfound leverage to sink the rest of the way onto Iron Man’s cock, and there it is, the fullness he craves, Iron Man so deep inside him he can practically taste it, and Iron Man—
He stares down into his lap, kneading the palm of one hand with the fingers of the other. Iron Man says nothing, only waits for Steve to continue.
He thinks the idea would have bothered him more, once.
Iron Man’s fingers flex again but he accepts the cloth.
Iron Man cares about him. And that will be enough.
He takes another breath. “That’s what it’s like most of the time. But every three or four months… The feelings come back. All of them. More than is, uh, usual. For most people. It can be a little overwhelming.”
repost of parts 5 & 6
When he comes back to himself, he’s sitting on the floor with the back against the door, come cooling on his hand and stomach and the placket of his trousers. Steve gives a little hitching noise, somewhere between a laugh and a sob and even he couldn’t say which it was closer to. He reaches over and grabs some toilet paper, cleaning himself up as best as he can without actually getting up, then lets his head tip back, shutting his eyes and listening to the pounding of his pulse.
He just needs some space. Just needs a moment to catch his breath.
to be—but he can’t seem to get the word past his lips.
Impossible to speak the thought aloud, to lay all that weight on Iron Man’s shoulders. Iron Man, his first friend in the modern era. Iron Man, who has already borne so much.
isn’t the soft press of bodies, isn’t languorous, open-mouthed kisses pressed along the throat. Enough has
But the better he’d come to know his teammate, the less likely it seemed that Iron Man could’ve given him a gift in mockery, however friendly the intent. Shellhead was, with the possible exception of his employer, the most considerate man Steve had met in this era—in any era. He’d picked the book up again one restless night a few weeks back and found himself, to his surprise, charmed by the tales of the young Arthur and his eccentric tutor. He could identify with the story of a boy underestimated and overlooked; even the cynicism that had struck him before had a kindness and good humor behind it that he’d missed on the first read. He can understand now why Iron Man would like it—that mixture of the noble and the mundane, all bound together with a twist of whimsy… A realist and a romantic all rolled into one, that’s his Shellhead.
Maybe it was in the mansion, on a day like any other and yet like no other before it, with Steve reaching out a hand to touch your shoulder, stopping you as you prepared to file out of the briefing room. “I was wondering—” drawing in a steadying breath “—if you wanted to get dinner?” and it couldn’t possibly mean what it sounded like it meant except there was his smile, hesitant and small, and there were his eyes, hope budding in them bright and new, unfurling like leaves at the break of spring—
—relief and joy writ plain on his face for anyone to read. And you remember the grief that welled in you then, tar-black and so thick you thought you could choke.
Rogers’ eyebrows twitch upwards, but he complies, still slow, still easy. Not once does his gaze waver from Tony’s face.
“Are you sure?”
Steve blinks and struggles for air which, despite his heaving chest and stretched-open mouth, will no longer seem to come. Tony pats him carelessly on the head, then turns on his heel and leaves the room. The door clicks shut. After a moment, Steve hears his voice rise in greeting, though he can’t make out any of the individual words.
When he comes to, he’s lying flat on his back in the middle of 7th Avenue, Wasp and Giant Man looking down at him with expressions of concern. They’ve both returned to their natural sizes, so the battle must be over.
What?
Except then, four months out, he was out in the field and one of the guys was passing around a battered postcard of Betty Grable and the desire just slammed into him, a bolt from the blue, and it
“Fine,” Steve says, sounding about as ungracious as he feels. “If it really is a moment.”
Iron Man slides his hand down to cup Steve’s jaw, thumb coming to rest on Steve’s lower lip, tugging it gently downwards, gliding to and fro across its smooth underside as if sampling the slickness it finds there.
“Don’t—don’t you feel it?” Steve asked, almost desperately.
Rubble, that’s what. Rubble and ashes.
Anyway, to hear Wasp tell it, Tony didn’t have much trouble consoling himself for Steve’s absence—consoled himself, by all reports, quite thoroughly with red hair and a hip-to-waist ratio that, if Steve takes Wasp’s gestures at face value, seems biologically unsound.
“I wish I could. I really do, but… Mr Stark’s coming back soon and there are some things I really need to see to and if things aren’t, you know. Urgent, anymore…”
Nothing helps.
Steve chased you down, all the way to a truck stop in the middle of the Rockies, just to ask you not to do this. You asked him not to get in your way.
“You should feel good,” Iron Man says, voice hoarse but ringing with conviction, like he's stating one of the fundamental truths of the universe. “You deserve to feel good everywhere, in every way a person can.”
As you gape at him—the genius, the futurist, at a loss for words—he continues.
Steve’s eyes are closed now as he imagines
“Payment for services rendered?”
Air punches out of him, relief and shock and a fresh, dizzying wave of need. Iron Man had said, he’d
Start with the boots,
He pauses behind Steve’s chair. Steve tenses, half-expecting Iron Man to reach out and touch him again, but Iron Man only says, in a voice that somehow manages to be reassuring even when flattened and twisted by the voice modulator, “Safe as houses, Cap,” and moves on to his own seat.
Steve smiles. This is going to be good.
Tony pauses in the doorway, head turning to one side, not quite far enough to look directly at Steve. “You’ve got nothing to be sorry for,” he says, and there’s a weight of bitterness in his voice that Steve can’t even begin to understand.
to sleep, so maybe something more like… I don’t know. Chamomile tea? That’s a thing people drink, isn’t it? Or hot milk punch? I haven’t had that since I was a kid. Doubt it’d make much of a difference to you what with the whole…” He gestures vaguely at Steve, indicating, Steve supposes, the super soldier serum. “But maybe, you know, you’d at least get the placebo effect?” He pulls a face. “I’m rambling.”
Iron Man tilts his head to one side. “You know it’s okay if you need to take a leave until this is over, right? I can vouch for you to the others if necessary, but I’m sure they’d—”
He grips himself more firmly and shuts his eyes, letting the thought grow until it fills his mind. No need to settle on some kind of scenario this time—no need for narratives or elaborate contrivances. Just Iron Man, here in Steve’s bedroom once again, and this time no blindfolds or armor between them.
It occurs to him to wonder if he’s sure Iron Man really
An impossible question. How to choose, with so many answers before him?
A shard of metal, smoke-stained, melted and misshapen. And another one, about six centimeters longer. And another. And another. And—
“Nicolette and Anastasia,” Tony says, as if reading Steve’s mind. “Anastasia’s a model and Nicolette… something in astrophysics, I think. It wasn’t really her degrees I was paying attention to.” Tony leers down at Steve. “Such lovely girls, and so kind of you to get me ready for them. After all, I do have a reputation to uphold.”
He shifts against his pillows, his confidence settling and remassing like sediment at the bottom of a stirred glass. He tries on a smile, and finds that it fits quite comfortably on his face. Only errands after all.
I tried to inculcate in you a sense of the future, he says, like he thinks he’s failed, and maybe he has, because the future to Sal is something glittering with potential. How can you tell him that you carry the future with you always, strapped across your chest like a dead weight—the unyielding iron clasp of it?
“Cap?” Iron Man says. “Oh, thank god. I thought— Are you all right?”
Doesn’t really sound like the sort of place I’d belong,
Iron Man lets out a staticky breath. “Or that,” he says, sounding a little unsteady. “That works too.”
“Then
There’s a dull ringing growing louder in his head; his jaw aches where he bit down instinctively against the gag.
Steve covers his smile with one hand, attempting to smooth it from his face.
you hear? Not a single, solitary goddamn thing,” and Steve doesn’t understand where it’s all coming from, the anger in his voice, the curdling disgust—
Your palms itch where you’ve pressed them against the sheets.
All Steve had to do was pull aside the hangings, open the door—
“Anybody ever warn you about counting your chickens?” a metallic voice counters from somewhere out of Steve’s field of view.
He drums his fingers against his knee, feeling dissatisfied on some base, mechanical level. Not hungry. Thirsty, maybe. He reaches for the glass of water on his nightstand, fingers brushing against a ragged edge of paper.
They won’t be. Of course they won’t be, this is
You, too, have been dreaming of war. The difference is that when he dreams, his nightmares are all of the past, whereas you—you dream of battles yet to come. These days, when you close your eyes, your enemy wears only one face.
, you—”
Not that it gives him the slightest relief.
“Could you just,” you hear her say.
Tony’s brows knit, his tongue darting out as his lips part in question, and Steve turns on his heel and flees before the situation can get even further out of hand.
When did talking to Iron Man get so
“I don’t think there’s really any sort of a formal reinstatement process,” Iron Man is saying. “We just have to call up the others, let them know you’re good to go. Or. Not we, obviously; you’re more than capable of handling a few phone calls—”
It’s seven years ago, and Steve is sticking to your side like he’s glued there.
and so desperately inadequate that Steve wants to scream. He grits his teeth, unable to keep his back from arching, and hears the click of a bottle opening.
“Can’t you smell it?”
Steve has already begun to turn the doorknob when it occurs to him that he’s still naked. He wraps a towel around his hips, opens the door, and steps into the room beyond.
by you, by what you’ve done to yourself, and he might not remember that just now but you sure as hell haven’t forgotten.
Doesn’t mean you’re going to do it. You’ll find a way. You always find a way.
“Just a moment!” Steve calls, hastily stowing the box of tissues. He stumbles to the bathroom, pulling up his pants as he goes, and thrusts his hands under the tap. There’s only time for a perfunctory rinse, but at least the scent of sex doesn’t sit quite so heavily on Steve’s nostrils now, and anyway, he’s pretty sure the armor includes a filtration system.
Rogers sighs and puts up his hands, palms out, placating. “I didn’t come here to start a fight.”
Then the heat is back, working small circles into Steve’s trapezius muscles, and Steve
He’s always liked that about their friendship, the way all those little personal and biographical details never seemed important or even relevant. Steve has lost so much. He’s the only one of the Avengers without a secret identity, and that’s because, for all intents and purposes, Steve Rogers doesn’t exist in this era. That life was dead and buried over half a century ago.
It’s the easiest orgasm he’s had in days.
Because
It’s like a punch to the gut, because you
He tilts his hips this time so Iron Man’s cock hits him at an angle, and there they are, the first bright sparks of pleasure, and not much deeper to go to hit the place inside him that makes the world go molten—
There’s a brief pause. Then: “You have to bear down.”
The smile is back in Iron Man’s voice, but there’s something else there too, that twisty, half-ironic edge that has been appearing more and more frequently over the past two weeks. Something’s off here, and Steve knows he should put a stop to this until he can find out what it is, but he’s so terribly selfish in his need. All he wants is Iron Man’s hands back on him and—
The words come out largely unintelligible, but apparently Iron Man understands them well enough, because he huffs out a laugh.
He’s rustier than he’d expected. He’s gotten so used to being good at things—picking up skills quickly. The serum augmented a lot, but he supposes there’s not much it can do for a lousy sense of composition.
“Do you,” Iron Man asks, enunciation careful, but not harsh, “want me to?”
Can’t deal with the way Rogers was looking at him. With the way the history between them rises up to choke him with every breath.
“I— Sorry,” he says, stumbling backwards a little. His voice is low and gaspingly rough, like he’s just emerged from deep water and that is really not making this any easier. “I know I shouldn’t have…”
Iron Man’s hand stills.
You scoff, scraping a hand across your face. The blade of your palm drags a thin smear of snot down into your mustache.
“—and the last thing,” Iron Man continues wretchedly, “the last thing I want in the world is for you to feel obligated—”
“I’m a liability.”
“If that’s what you think is best,” Iron Man says, sounding a little dubious.
“Hey, what’d I say about overthinking things?” Iron Man says, gently chiding. “My fault, really. We were getting a little off track. Let’s see if…”
Rogers stands slowly, keeping his movements open and easy like Tony’s some sort of twitchy woodland creature he’s trying not to startle. Even now there’s a kind of coiled grace to him. No one else in the world moves like Steve Rogers. Tony forgot that. Or maybe he just hasn’t wanted to remember.
“We did…” Steve shrugs. “Normal things. Kissing. Things like that. But they… didn’t know about my… And it wasn’t so, um. Intense then, and anyway, they weren’t…” Steve waves a hand vaguely towards Iron Man’s suited body.
Tony’s freedom, the freedom of Rogers’ friends and teammates—the lives of all the people they won’t be able to save from inside a prison cell.
Tony is too damn old to be suckered by that kind of fairy tale.
Yeah.
“That’s not even a little bit— Hey!”
Steve looks down at the mess in his hand. Slowly, he raises his hand to his mouth, and imagines it’s the evidence of Tony’s pleasure he’s licking away, Tony’s come marking him like that, inside and out,
The name drops into his belly like a glowing coal. Tony had wanted to fit him for an upgrade or some new piece of gadgetry, but of course, under the circumstances it had been impossible. The very idea of standing there and submitting himself to those quick, clever hands, measuring, tweaking, touching…
He cuts himself short. Presses a curled fist to his mouth and reaches out to take your hand.
that only a few casually dropped words, a bit of offhand innuendo could twist him up this badly?
Except then the comm crackles to life, and the voice in your ears—you haven’t heard that voice in days, rough now with exertion and the stress of battle but still so familiar, still so deeply, agonizingly loved: “Tony, this is Steve. We need you in Times Square, stat.”
“What? Steve, no, it’s
“Oh god, you’re a natural at this,
put your back into it. Don’t think about the past. Don’t think about wet-behind-the-ears little blue-tickets without the sense they were born with—probably fit only for cannon fodder, so it was for the best, wasn’t it, really, that Monaghan was out of it, and probably decades dead by now anyway— Grip it tighter, one foot braced across the bottom of the wardrobe, leverage, yes. Don’t think about a wicked smile beneath a curling mustache, don’t think about blue eyes and an insinuating manner, don’t think, don’t
