John knelt down next to her, and although he had known it was hopeless from the moment he set eyes on her, he took her pulse and checked her heartbeat. Silence. She couldn’t be older than twenty-one, and she was still warm. If they had just turned up a little earlier, they could’ve stopped the Golem…the Golem! Sherlock was alone with him, right now, on the
“Oh, one more thing,” Mrs Hudson said, “John, I do believe I know someone who would be interested in buying your house.”
“Out. I had a night off, so this young intern Steven was filling in for me. I usually don’t like leaving Mr Trevor alone, especially not with Steven - he’s quite irresponsible. But...well… it was a special occasion. My best friend’s birthday.”
"Fair idea. I’ve just received some intelligence about that theft we were investigating yesterday. We'll have to head out and visit this pub - "
“When we’re both old and cranky and want to get away from the filth of central London, I would love for you to move in with me.”
“Why would anyone want to murder a teenager?” Sherlock muttered. “John, you’re the doctor. Does he look like he had any history of drug abuse?”
“By the time my parents bought this house, I had already left for college. I only spent holidays here, so it’s not strictly my room. They call it that for sentimental value.”
“She’s going to be fine.” he said promptly, and Sherlock let out a breath he didn’t even know he had been holding. “She’s a healthy woman, especially for her age. She’ll probably gain consciousness in a few hours, and she’ll have to stay here for some days. When we send her home, strict bedrest for a few weeks…”
Neither of them had alluded to their kiss in any way, shape or form - Sherlock choosing to give John his space and John taking it. They had settled back into their same easy routine, with perhaps a slight edge to it. John was glad. He wouldn’t want to rush and ruin this - whatever
Lestrade gestured to the cluster of policemen standing in the garden, a small, mousy-looking girl crying hysterically in their midst. “The help, Lucy, was cleaning that part of the house at the time.”
Sherlock felt his face colour, but he knew there was no turning back now. “Am I really that easy to read?”
“There’s no escape now. We’re surrounded. I can still help you get away - but only if you tell me who hired you to kill James Oliver.”
I don’t know if I mentioned this before, but they haven’t received Mary’s ‘Baker Street Boys’ CD yet. Not trying to Mary-bash or anything, but if anyone deserves to call them her Baker Street Boys, it’s Hudders. <3
“Shh. It’s okay. You’re not alone anymore. I’ll stay here till you fall asleep - and after, if you want.”
He closed his eyes and leaned his head against John’s shoulder. For a moment, John was completely taken aback, but he let his own head rest lightly on top of Sherlock’s. There was something infinitely comforting about the fact that every time Sherlock breathed, John could feel the slight movement of his chest beside him. Sherlock was clearly in a slightly emotional mood, and as that didn’t happen very often, John closed his eyes, savouring the moment while it lasted.
“Should I also buy you three a tourist hat each?” he asked. “Sherlock, it isn’t a zoo. I can’t just get tickets and send you waltzing in.”
“Eurus is the problem. Humans can do despicable things, I know, but she’s family. I have to stand by her, but sometimes - I look at everything she’s done. Like Victor’s disappearance - it still haunts his parents.”
“Just - everything, Sherlock. You deserve to be loved. You are...hell, I don’t know, the best man I know. I should be asking myself what
“Somebody pretending to be Anna broke in, gave him a scare and left. What’s wrong with the backyard?”
Mycroft lowered himself into the client chair (he’d learnt not to sit in John’s or Sherlock’s), and Rosie immediately ran to him, squealing. He sighed resignedly and hoisted her up.
John took deep, steadying breaths. People insulting Sherlock when he was rude to them was one thing, but unprovoked attacks like this made John’s blood boil. What he wouldn’t give to punch Sebastian right now, break that nose and ruin his overconfident face...but he’d promised both Ella and Sherlock -
parents. Then later, about Afghanistan - but how could anyone have known? You didn’t tell anyone - ah, you weren’t the only one captured, of course. Quite possibly someone used Noel’s depression to their advantage, knew sending him to the pool would affect him badly and you’d jump in to save him -”
“I bet you cleared all the useful information.” Irene commented. As she slipped her hand into Sherlock’s and slid the phone out of his grasp, he let his fingers curl around her wrist, and a satisfied smile crossed his face.
Sherlock’s face lit up with a half-smile which sent a warm tingle through John, reaching right down to his toes. Now that he was thinking about spending the rest of his life with Sherlock, he realized he had never really seen it happening any other way. Even if Mary hadn’t died, they would’ve found their way back to each other. The distant future he pictured always culminated in them going off into the sunset together.
He entered 221B, lost in thought, and his foot was on the first step when he heard Mrs Hudson shriek from the kitchen. He entered it to find her standing next to the fridge, looking aghast.
John pecked him on the cheek and held out his gift. “Did you know that you’re actually a hopeless romantic?”
John nodded a little and folded the letter, then reached out and took Sherlock’s hand. He hesitated for a moment, then interlaced their fingers. It felt like an eternity had passed before he finally spoke again.
“W-e-l-l, I’ll leave you two alone now.” Sherlock heard the smile in his voice, “But you should at least take a look at the crime scene tomorrow. It’s highly intriguing, I promise you.”
“Seven, so far.” Sherlock said. He had been doing some thinking and come up with some weird theories, each crazier than the last. “Now, who do we know who’s apparently come back from the dead?”
yellow?” His head snapped up as the door opened and John stumbled in, coat slung over his back. He staggered to the sofa, took off his shoes, and lay down.
Sherlock shifted to the armchair, and John made his way to the fridge. He opened it, swore profusely, and slammed it shut.
“Well - I didn’t really end up getting it. I was out on a case with Sherlock pretty much half the night. Speaking of Sherlock - we, er - we’re kind of...” He felt a little awkward discussing this with Molly, considering how much time she’d spent pining after Sherlock.
Sherlock asked her a few customary questions about the time of the kidnapping, what the men looked like and other such details, and then they both turned to go, leaving Molly to lock up. John stumbled along, not really paying attention to anything in his path. The warm feeling from a few minutes ago had fled, leaving only a cold, dull sense of fear in its wake. When they stepped out into the moonlight, he grabbed Sherlock’s arm and turned him around.
“For weeks after that, the only places I left Baker Street for were the graveyard, the therapist’s, and work. I’d go out for a walk sometimes, but I invariably ended up in front of St. Bart’s, replaying your fall in my mind. Wondering what I could’ve done to stop it. Staring at the pavement like I expected you to pop out of the granite. I barely ate and almost never slept. In fact, I think Mrs Hudson took to drugging me after a while.”
Sherlock simply grabbed his arm and dragged him out, and he barely managed to mumble an apology to the receptionist. When they were bundled up into a taxi and well on their way to god-knows-where, John noticed that Sherlock was positively bouncing.
He found Sherlock sitting outside the tent, drinking tea from a thermos. He didn’t even look at John - just handed him the thermos.
John and Sherlock shared an uneasy glance. Neither felt like letting Mrs Hudson off the hook so easily, but she could be uncannily stubborn when she wanted. They hesitantly rose to leave.
John smiled. “Considering all the shenanigans we’ve gotten into, it would be a little disappointing if something as simple as a car crash killed me.”
“At around 1 AM, I guess. We were supposed to spend the night at her house, but she got called away for some family emergency. I could’ve stayed at her apartment alone but I realized, too late, that I didn’t have the keys. So I came back here to pick up the spare set, and I found Mr Trevor alone and nearly in hysterics. There was that giant 1 on the door, the windows were all wide open, and he was blabbering something about Victor, so I put two and two together and called the police.”
Whenever John saw Sherlock and Rosie together, he had to resist an urge to laugh. Sherlock treated her with extreme trepidation, as if afraid that she would dissolve into fragments of glass at any moment. He was always unsure about how to deal with her tantrums and soothe her, but she seemed to think him funny. Everytime he walked by, she held out her chubby little arms and if he picked her up, clutched on to him for dear life. When he was solving a case, he often muttered to her, and she would smile. If she saw him working with his chemicals at the kitchen table, lab-goggles on, she giggled gleefully. Everytime she smiled or laughed or clamoured to be held, John could almost see something melting in Sherlock’s eyes. It was at moments like these that something inexplicable would rise in John’s stomach - he wasn’t sure if it was grief for Mary or happiness for Sherlock - and he had to turn away and compose himself.
“No, I’m late.” she said, smile dropping off her face again, replaced by the same worried look she’d worn earlier. Before John could say anything else, she waved goodbye and set off down the street.
“Yes, I did, I did!” he said through his sobs. Rachel gasped. “I had no choice, I was contacted and offered money and my wife back home needs it, what with a baby on the way and - “
The sea was unnaturally calm, disturbed only by a few ripples. Sherlock tugged his violin case closer, keeping a wary eye on Irene, always looking away if she turned to look at him. It was imperative that he not miss a single expression or thought of hers. When the first glimpse of the fortress appeared on the horizon, she visibly started, and a flash of horror flitted across her face. A moment later, her placid mask was back in place, but a subtle agitation still remained. The closer they got to Sherrinford, the stonier her face became, and her hands clenched even tighter in her lap.
“Yes, John, very good. You’ve brought your gun, I hope? If my sources are correct, we should be in time to stop a murder tonight. But we have to find out who he’s working for - so remember, don’t shoot him unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
“You’re early.” Sherlock said casually. The two-day-old bruise on his face was now blue, and John reminded himself to apply the ice pack again later. Sherlock frowned at him, half-rising from the armchair. “What’s wrong? John?”
At almost the same moment, they both made the connection between what Sherlock had told them yesterday and what Noel was doing now. The boy was depressed, he couldn’t swim, he lied to get John away for a few seconds, he was alone near a pond, and the way he had been looking at the water -
happen to remember that she had to be physically restrained from killing you. She’s far too unstable.”
“Not really.” said Sherlock. “The best battles can happen over tea. I’ve had Moriarty over for tea. Go on, Mrs Hudson.”
“Thirteen. She had been fighting Leukemia for over two years, and it finally took her three days ago. We haven’t even started organizing the funeral yet. She was - all I had left.” He was sobbing a little now. “I’d really like for you to leave me alone now.”
“That was her real identity, wasn’t it? We did thorough research on her a few years ago. I’ll have the file sent over by tonight.”
John rose to meet them, cocking an eyebrow inquisitively. Sherlock just shook his head, and the three men trooped out into the unkempt lawn.
They got out of the cab, Sherlock barely stopping to pay the driver, and shot off at a brisk walk through the solemn corridors of St Bart’s. To Sherlock’s relief, the morgue wing was practically deserted. The stark white light cast eerie shadows on the walls, and although dead bodies didn’t bother them by day, there was something distinctly unnerving about being so close to them now. Sherlock and John paused at the door to the morgue.
After the dust and smoke of London, the fresh air of Stargrounds was quite a pleasant change. John, Sherlock, Noel and Rachel were standing on the outskirts of a small wood - well, Sherlock was crawling, searching for something in the dust. John could tell that he was already bitterly disappointed by whatever he had found. Finally, he heaved a frustrated sigh and got up, lightly dusting his trousers.
“Maybe. Maybe not. I would say Eurus, but to the best of my knowledge, Sherrinford is quite secure.”
Sherlock just huffed, got up, and flopped down on the sofa. “I feel like I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop.” he complained half-heartedly. “We don’t have adequate data for this crime.”
“You’re right. I do hate to admit this, but I was desperately lonely. I spent most of my time keeping busy and trying not to get caught, but there were nights - I wished you were by my side. The temptation to send you a message was overwhelming, but I didn’t want to get your hopes up in case I...didn’t make it back home.”
Although it was barely eight o’clock, the pub was fairly crowded. The music was loud, the kind of stuff John might have enjoyed in his uni days; but by now, he was too used to Sherlock’s dulcet violin. It seemed like a fairly innocuous place (or as innocuous as bars can get), and he couldn’t imagine what they’d possibly find here.
“What are you on about? You haven’t ruined it at all. You’ve given them a chance to grill Mycroft. It’s been
John awkwardly patted his shoulder. “There, there. It’s alright….” A policeman stepped forward and kindly led Mr Oliver to his bedroom. Lestrade motioned for John and Sherlock to follow him.
“Anagrams.” he said abruptly, then grabbed some of his files and spread them out on the ground and turned to John. “Get pen and paper.”
“Do you know what my wife said to me on her deathbed?” Xavier demanded. “She took my hand and looked me in the eye, and she said, 'when you find him, make sure you tell him there wasn’t a single day I didn’t think of him. Not a single damn day I didn’t regret letting him go to Musgrave Hall. And if I find him up there in heaven - and I’m not saying that I will, because he’s alive, he’s out there, I know it - I’ll do the same for you.’ “
Before John could react, Sherlock had vanished into the crowd of people. He shrugged and made his way to the bar and got himself a drink. Somebody slid onto the stool next to him - a man with dark brown hair and a vaguely familiar face. He turned to look at him, confused for a moment, but then his expression cleared.
“Not today. I’m going back to work today, so I’m gonna drop Rosie off at Molly’s. Speaking of Molly -” - Sherlock was already halfway through the door, but John completed the question anyway - “- have you spoken to her at all?” The only answer he got was Sherlock cheerfully waving Mrs Hudson goodbye.
Mycroft took a deep breath, willing himself to stay calm. “Sherlock Holmes, look at me.” he said forcefully. “Has it never occurred to you that she’s still putting up an act? Five years of plotting and scheming for what - a hug? A few violin duets once a month?”
To Sherlock’s surprise, the blood drained out of John’s face, and a flash of pure terror flitted across it. He quickly recovered and stood up straighter, chin high and jaw set. However, he couldn’t hide the slight tremor in his lip or the panic in his eyes - not from Sherlock, at least. Sherlock could tell that something about that well bothered John more than any other near-death experience they’d been in, but there was no way to find out what it was.
“Doctor Watson, a few months ago, my brother killed a man for your sake. So I’d say I’m really not so surprised that he went out to buy you painkillers.” He handed Rosie to John and rose to leave. “Do let him know that I stopped by, and remind him to pick up Mummy’s birthday gift tomorrow.”
John peered at the form, skimming over the customary details - name, date of discharge, cause of death...everything was consistent with what they’d found so far.
John’s thoughts were interrupted by Sherlock tearing up a post-it. He heaved an angry sigh and curled up into a ball on the floor, pouting like an obstinate child.
“I had an inkling that putting an entire corpse in there might rattle you. Besides, these body parts never bothered you before.”
As if on cue, the main door burst open and Irene strolled out. John could see that she had put a lot of effort into her appearance, and he cursed again. If his crazy idea actually resulted in Sherlock falling for Irene…wait, that was the point, wasn’t it? Sherlock deserved love, and he deserved to be happy. Even if falling in love with someone else was what it took to make him smile, so be it.
Ah. Sherlock had known something was wrong with that; the police had been acting even stupider than usual. “Why would you do that?” asked Sherlock.
“No.” John admitted. “At first, I thought I had messed up, or you were tired of the whole relationship thing. You see, I didn’t...I didn’t think you cared about me enough to want to protect me.”
Apart from that, there were several missed calls from John and a text saying ‘call me’. For a few seconds, Sherlock’s fingers hovered over the keypad, and he tapped out ‘please come back’. There was a moment when he imagined pressing send, then John would come back and they’d hug and he’d explain everything.
leave, not even when Sherlock drove him up the wall with his rudeness and his sulking. He could always be counted upon to be there in the morning, maybe grumpy but reliably, solidly
John swallowed. He wasn’t even prepared to think about losing Rosie. “Like my wife had died all over again, and the world was ending.”
Sherlock finally managed to find his voice. “John, you know I’ve already forgiven you for that. As for trusting you - I’d trust you with my life. Has it ever occurred to you that maybe you’re being too hard on yourself? Do keep in mind the fact that you never had a healthy outlet for your sorrow. Your therapist was Eurus, and we know she’s a master manipulator.”
“Oh, all right.” John settled into his armchair. “Charlotte Oliver was incarcerated in Sherrinford a long time ago, but she got out. She wanted to clear away all traces of her past life, so she somehow stole the file and changed her name to Irene Adler. That’s my theory.”
Mycroft nudged Sherlock, who felt like there was something lodged at the back of his throat. He swallowed and knelt down so that he was at face level with Mr Trevor.
“I wouldn’t bet on it.” Sherlock said, but when John opened his arms, he didn’t hesitate to go into them. John brought one arm up around him and kissed his forehead, stroking soothing patterns into his back until he felt Sherlock relax a little. This was the drill. Wake up from a nightmare, comfort each other, go back to sleep. Except John wasn’t sure Sherlock had gone to sleep in the first place.
“Well, the great Sherlock Holmes miscalculated. I left for your sake, not mine. I could never leave you of my own free will.
Sherlock wasn’t very happy, but he had more pressing issues to deal with. He opened the door and half-ran into the room, expecting to see John covered with bandages with tubes running out of him. Thankfully, John was sleeping peacefully, a bandage on his forehead and another on his hand. There were no weird tubes and monitors. Sherlock gave a sigh of relief and drew up a chair, and had barely settled into it when his phone rang.
He thought about the letter he had received earlier that day. Typical Mary, with her posthumous gifts and messages. The contents of the letter disturbed him more than its author did.
The Golem heard the deadly intent in his voice and turned around, and John had to suppress a shiver. He’d seen the Golem before, but that didn’t make his nightmarish face or milk-white skin any less haunting. He released Sherlock, hit out and knocked the gun out of John’s hand, grinning. While John grappled with him, Sherlock recovered and picked up the gun. Between the two of them, they finally managed to pin the Golem down - John holding down his legs while Sherlock restrained his arms.
“We’ll have to tell Mr Trevor, you know.” he finally said. “He’s spent all these years waiting for his son. If we give him closure, at least he’ll stop looking and start focusing on moving on. It can make a huge difference - knowing someone’s out there versus knowing they’re not coming back.”
Lestrade stood in silence for a short while, gathering his thoughts. “When you died, Sherlock, it was a hard time for all of us, but nobody took it harder than John. In the first few weeks, he was practically a ghost. It was like a part of him had died with you. He blamed himself, you know. Felt that he had let you down. Nobody could do anything to help him. Remembering him that way still gives me the chills.” He closed his eyes and swallowed. “The night after your funeral, in the middle of the night, he called me. He didn’t say anything, but I could hear the wind and that eerie silence and I knew that he was at the graveyard. I drove over immediately, and I found him standing next to your grave. He - he was holding a gun to his forehead, Sherlock, and his finger was on the trigger.”
“Fine.” Sherlock muttered, as their mother appeared at the bottom of the stairs, two steaming cups of hot chocolate in hand. “I’ll do it.”
John’s phone rang, and he excused himself, almost knocking over the coffee in his hurry. Sherlock took the chance to escape the table and follow him into the adjoining room.
Sherlock rubbed his hands together gleefully. “Lestrade, go get him, then we’ll all interrogate him together.”
Wilkins broke down as soon as Lestrade confronted him, and was soon taken away. Sherlock accepted Mrs Ferrier’s tearful thanks and had barely settled into his cab when his phone rang. He sat up straight. “Molly? Why have you been avoiding me? I-”
“He’s not my boyfriend.” John said automatically, and then a stroke of inspiration suddenly hit him. “He’s my fiance.”
As he had expected, a slight blush spread across Sherlock’s cheeks. “The knives were all stowed well out of reach. This is mostly done for the benefit of two categories of people: infants and the habitually inebriated. The state of the carpet showed that her brother often had to drag her to her room, presumably when she was too intoxicated to move.”
There was a cold, cut-off look on his face, a look which John had come to associate with bad moods and fits of sullen. Sherlock would want to be left alone now - at least for a little while. He plucked Rosie from Sherlock’s shoulders and took her to the bedroom.
Sherlock bolted out of his seat, but stopped halfway. “Molly, I really am sorry. Just give me a chance to-”
The night that they got back from their first visit to Sherrinford, John had forced Sherlock to spend the night at his house. Since 221B was in ruins and Mycroft was spending the night in the hospital on Lestrade’s insistence, Sherlock was in no position to refuse. Both John and Sherlock were too worn out to sleep on the cramped couch, so they’d ended up settling on far edges of the bed. However, dawn found them curled up in the same blanket, a little too close for comfort. Sherlock had no qualms - it had kept his nightmares at bay - but John sprang out of bed and muttered something about ‘checking on Rosie’. Neither of them mentioned it after that, and Sherlock was convinced that John had forgotten all about it.
“I’m fine.” came the muffled reply, but John’s voice was hoarse with pain. For a moment, Sherlock wondered if he should leave John alone, but realized that he’d been doing that all too often lately. He softly padded to the bed.
John peered out of the window. It was already dark; the day sure had flown. Mrs Hudson was fussing over Rosie as she lay in her crib, kicking about. To his surprise, Sherlock was twisting and turning on the sofa, almost as restless as Rosie. “Sherlock, what on earth are you trying to do?”
A car pulled up, and Irene Adler stepped out, a hint of curiosity on her face. “I hope I’m not third wheeling.” she said, “Any idea where we’re going?”
“Breathe.” John said softly. “You need to calm down. Focus on my face. It’s a better world without him.”
“I’m not as strong or as brave as you think I am.” he said, voice hoarse as he struggled to rein in the emotion, “Or I wouldn’t have done
“Obviously not. Why bother with names? That’s useless information. The point I am trying to make is that you know things, whilst I am painfully inexperienced.”
“Just take care not to mention Eurus. Tell him we found Victor’s remains in the well, but we don’t quite know how they ended up there; anything else is purely conjecture.”
“Yes, and when she entered the house, she headed straight for her old room. Didn’t even take off her coat. She’s hiding something in that room, John, and as soon as she heard it was going to be crawling with detectives, she came back to get it.”
“No, you aren’t. You’ve seen what she can do. Nothing justifies cold-blooded murder. She killed a boy when she was just a child herself.”
“Sherlock, please just talk to me. After this - if you still want me to leave, I’ll go. I won’t bother you again, if that’s what you want.”
“They were baffled. All they did was make a mighty mess of the living room. Then this one here - er, Microsoft Homes? - turned up and sent them all away.”
Rosie was finally sound asleep. Locking the window securely behind him - he did not fancy another flying grenade in his apartment - he made his way to the living room and settled her comfortably in the crib. He allowed himself another look at John, who somehow looked even more tempting now, although his hair was messy and he drooled slightly. Then he sighed, cast a cursory glance around the living room, and walked back to his bedroom.
“There’s no fixing her, Sherlock. She’s twisted beyond measure. You can play your duets and baby her, but that’s not going to change the fact that if you remove that glass, bad things are going to happen. She’s bottling up years of isolation and resentment, and she’s too clever.”
“Git.” John muttered sleepily, and promptly rolled off the sofa. He hit the floor with a thump and lay there, shifting his head to rest it more comfortably.
He stared at John’s sleeping figure, the swift rise and fall of his chest, the bandage on his forehead. Ever since he had started sleeping in the sitting room, Sherlock had realized that John was never a peaceful sleeper. He thrashed and mumbled and often awoke sweating. But right now, he slept a drugged sleep, and Sherlock was glad. He deserved a few hours of rest; besides, this gave Sherlock a chance to do something he probably wouldn’t have done if John was awake or furtively asleep. He ran his hand along John’s injured one, interlinking their fingers and sighing deeply. With his free hand, he lightly touched John’s hair, careful to steer clear of the bandage. He was rarely affectionate, but this was a rare occassion.
“How could we be, when I didn’t even bother to apologize? I’m sorry. Oh god, Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I don’t know how I could’ve - ”
It was Sherlock’s turn to get up and take John’s hands, massaging his fingers until they unclenched, squeezing them reassuringly. He didn’t know which one of them it was for.
“No idea.” he said, “Help me look through the storeroom, will you? There might be something useful there.”
She started a little at his deduction, but took a deep breath and steadied herself again. “I kept thinking it was just a phase and he would grow out of it. Clearly, I was wrong, but it took me quite a while to realize it. After that, I held on for a few years for Noel’s sake. That’s my son. Eventually, I decided that enough was enough, and I got in touch with my lawyer to start discussing the proceedings. But as it turns out, there was no need for a divorce, because that night he...you know.”
Sherlock drained his cup, feeling strangely free now that his mother knew. He’d never officially come out of the closet, and didn’t feel like he needed to.
For the most part, single parenthood hadn’t been all that hard on John. Rosie had a lot of doting godparents and a loving aunt, all ready to take care of her at a moment’s notice. Once Sherlock got the hang of what he called the ‘baby business’, he had been a huge help. John hadn’t expected him to be so patient or so
“Just a moment.” John said. He turned back to Sebastian and smiled, then raised his glass and splashed the contents at his face. Sebastian, sputtering and cursing, wiped his forehead on his coat sleeve, then gazed at it in horror.
“Didn’t you notice that the man you let in looked exactly like the now dead inhabitant of this house?” John asked.
“Yes, of course.” John said, jumping at the idea of getting away from the pond. He easily found the path again and followed it to where Rachel was standing. He could see Sherlock standing a few feet away, frowning at the bark of a tree.
“Normal’s boring.” Sherlock complained, “But if it really bothers Rosie that much, I’ll shift everything downstairs to Mrs Hudson’s fridge. There. Now she won’t mistake a human thumb for her rattle.”
he thought. He cleared his throat and chose his words carefully. The Twisted Tale of Eurus Holmes was only known to a select few, and Molly wasn’t one of them.
“Exactly. His clandestine behaviour was what tipped me off. He doesn’t want to deal with the police more than strictly necessary. John,” Sherlock’s voice rose to a dramatic crescendo, “His entire identity’s a fake!”
“You’re right. Of course, you’re right, logically I didn’t. But Eurus - I promised her I’d bring her home. I went back on my word, didn’t I?”
“I’ve been drawing up my will. I don’t intend to die anytime soon, of course, but what with bombs upstairs, one can never be too careful.” She shot them a stern look, but it quickly melted. “I’m leaving 221B Baker Street to the two of you. Oh, don’t look so shocked. This is your home, and it always has been."
“Yes, depressed. He self-harms, and quite frequently at that. He kept pulling his sleeve down, and he winced painfully a few times - he doesn’t cut his wrists, but a little further up, so that people won’t notice. I’ve seen it before…anyhow, could it have been triggered by his father’s death?”
Mycroft inspected his fingernails, clearly amused. “You must forgive me, brother mine. Ever since John Watson moved out, you weren’t always very...trustworthy, to put it mildly. This was just a precaution, should you ever lock yourself in and have one of your little episodes.”
“You knew your way around Sherrinford. You tried to hide it, but it’s ingrained in your memory from all the times you’ve revisited it in your nightmares. You and Eurus Holmes recognized each other. The patients don’t get around much, and they definitely don’t interact with each other. You tried to make yourself inconspicuous so that the staff wouldn’t notice you. Conclusion: you were a nurse at Sherrinford.”
Sherlock and John stood on the tarmac outside a helicopter, collars turned up against the wind. The tension between them was so palpable Sherlock could’ve cut it with a knife. After the emotional outbursts of the previous night, neither could look the other in the eye. When John finally spoke, it was a welcome reprieve from the awkward silence they’d shared all morning.
“Oh, he’s clean. Seeing me while I was hunting down Culverton apparently completely turned him off drugs. He just couldn’t afford a room anywhere else.”
John was both jealous and glad that so many people constantly clamoured for Rosie’s attention. Mrs Hudson thought her a delight. Molly begged to look after her whenever she was free from the mortuary, and Harry had asked to babysit her once or twice. John had promised his sister that if she remained clean for a few months, she could have Rosie to herself. Even Lestrade wanted to spend time with Rosie.
Harry had picked Rosie up a while ago, so he now had the flat to himself. He’d been looking forward to sitting down and sorting through his emotional baggage, but, well, he couldn’t do it with the flat so messy. He started cleaning up, mentally cursing Sherlock.
“Dear God.” John muttered, bending over the stretcher. “This has to stop. They’ll be sending fingers in the mail next.”
The alarm stopped as suddenly as it had started. They turned to see Irene watching them from the bottom of the stairs, smirking. “Amazing how fire exposes our priorities.” she mocked. Then she turned on her heel and left.
John drew away, looking a lot more composed than Sherlock currently felt. “Does this mean you forgive me, then?”
There was a John-shaped balloon of happiness in his chest, and he was afraid he might float away with it.
“Mycroft Holmes told me to leave the murder scene exactly as it was.” he informed them, as they climbed up the stairs, “The body’s still lying there, but you need to be quick. We have to remove it. It’s not good for the old man’s nerves.”
This was the one argument which always made Sherlock shut up, and Mycroft knew it. He knew the lengths that Sherlock was prepared to go to to keep John safe. Mycroft had known, before Sherlock did, that Sherlock’s love for John was more than just ‘friendly’. And so Mycroft walked out, twirling his umbrella, leaving Sherlock to fume with frustration and deal with his internal conflict.
Sherlock hesitated, and Mycroft realized what was happening. Despite being cold and devoid of most human emotions (except for an intense love for his family), Mycroft could somehow understand what Sherlock felt for John. It rather hurt to know that his little brother wanted something and he couldn’t help him get it. Besides, he had his trepidations about what would happen if Sherlock started feeling too deeply. He could never forget the aftermath of Redbeard...
with Rosie. In fact, even saying he was a single parent felt immoral. Sherlock had been there all along.
- he’d always stopped himself from fantasizing about this, wanting to save himself the pain of knowing that it would never happen. As a result, he’d never actually
“But the case, John!” Sherlock protested, dramatically flopping down on the sofa, dressing gown settling around him a cloud of blue silk. “I need to
But what awed him the most was that it was John who was with him right now, steady, warm John. John who softly nipped his lower lip and lightly trailed a finger down his cheek. It was a completely chaste kiss, but he hadn’t been kissed this tenderly by anyone in years, and certainly not when it mattered.
John wasn’t entirely sure what the point of visiting Stargrounds was, especially since Noel’s dad's murder had taken place almost a week ago. In any case, they’d already examined the exact spot where his car had been found and come up with nothing. He followed Noel and Rachel into the trees, but hung back a little to talk to Sherlock.
Mrs Hudson smiled warmly at them. “Yes, of course I do. I just didn’t want that dreadful business catching up with me again. Now, off you pop. I have work to do.”
“So you still think the car accident wasn’t an isolated incident?” John asked, suddenly curious, but then shook his head. “No, wait, not important right now. The point is - you once said ‘alone is what I have. Alone protects me.’ You lied. Alone doesn’t protect you, it protects other people. ”
“Unfortunately, yes, brother mine. Look at the positives. There won’t be an extra room left, and Doctor Watson can share yours. If he wants to, that is.”
Irene Adler had dropped by a few times to talk about the case. For some reason, whenever she visited, she made sure that John wasn’t around. Sherlock had almost come to regard her as an acquaintance now. Neither of them talked about Eurus or Sherrinford, but he would often get a bad taste in his mouth, and an overwhelming need to apologize.
Sherlock managed a small smile. So John didn’t regret anything he had said, and he wasn’t going to ignore it either. “That’s what friends do, isn’t it? Comfort and console each other. I’ve always wondered about the co-dependency of human relationships - ”
As they stood in the cold winter air, waiting for a taxi, Sherlock noticed that John was resting more of his weight on one leg. He noticed that John’s jacket no longer filled out completely, and his belt was buckled a notch tighter. Sherlock hadn’t been paying much attention to his own meals lately, but he suddenly realized that neither had John. John never ate much at work and he hadn’t eaten anything since he’d come back. Since they’d visited Sherrinford, the nightmares and thrashing about on the couch had increased, too. He wondered if it had anything to do with whatever the hell it was that John was so intent on hiding from everyone.
“The photos. There are some of you and your wife when you were younger, a few of her from when she was pregnant. But all the baby photos, and the ones after that - they only have you and Anna in them. All the frames, particularly your wife’s, have been religiously cleaned - you can’t bear to let go of the memory of her, and you’re perfectly content with that. What happened tonight?”
He leant over and whispered in John’s ear. “I’ve got what I need. Take her to the Governor’s old office, it’ll be open and empty. I’ll meet you there in a while.”
Sherlock frowned at it. “J O B A F E - doesn’t make any sense. I could rearrange it, but - no. Didn’t think so, Bertha wasn’t murdered... let’s try the names from the nameplates.”
monthly anniversaries, but this felt worth remembering. He’d survived one month with a mad genius, and said genius had put up with him, too. He shifted his gift uneasily from hand to hand - a fresh set of glass slides and some test tubes. It seemed a pathetically small gesture, but he didn’t want to overwhelm Sherlock.
“So - it was midnight, and I couldn’t sleep. The doorbell rang. Rosie was asleep, so I left her alone in my bedroom for a moment, just to go answer the door. When I came back, she wasn’t there anymore.”
“Go to Harry’s for the night and come back to take your things tomorrow. I’ll be out. I’m sure Mrs Hudson can somehow adjust this month’s rent.”
“No, and if you tell me, I won’t hesitate to empty another glass on it. Have a good night.” John said smugly, then followed Sherlock out into the street.
“-you’d know about it, yes. I need you to search the databases for any connection between her and Sherrinford, or anyone under the name of Charlotte Oliver.”
“Mr Trevor,” Mycroft started, “Even if your son were still alive, he would be a grown man. This little boy- “
“What happened with Victor taught me to ignore sentiment and bury it, to not let it distract me from the cool logic that I hold above all else. What happened to the Woman - she chose to face it. She built herself up from the very thing that broke her.”
John entered 221B to find Mycroft seated in his armchair, looking as bored as ever. He dumped his shopping on the kitchen table and carefully took Rosie from Sherlock.
“If I ever wavered in my resolve to catch Moriarty’s men, I only had to remember that while they lived, you were in danger. The idea kept me going. Knowing that somewhere, somehow, you were waiting. It’s foolish, I know - ”
Deep down, he rather hoped he would get called out on some bizarre errand. It had been a somewhat dull week since their visit to Sherrinford. Clients were boring, John was busy with work, Rosie slept a lot, and Sherlock still couldn’t make head or tail of Yardley Oliver’s case. He had grudgingly admitted that John was right; there was no connection between Irene Adler and James’ murder. It was simply a coincidence. However, he still couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off about the whole thing. Hadn’t he said it himself?
Despite John’s best efforts, his heart sank. He knew that Sherlock had always seen something special in Irene Adler. “Good different or bad different?” he asked, before he could stop himself.
Mycroft didn’t wait for him to answer. “I know what you’re thinking, brother mine - she just wants to be ‘loved’. Familial affection can mean a lot to people like John Watson - and to you, apparently - but do not fool yourself into thinking that it means a fig to her. Or to your old friend Moriarty. Do you think he would’ve stepped down from his throne of crime if his mother hugged him and asked him to?”
Sherlock scrutinized his face, as if searching for a lie, but John effortlessly closed the distance between them and kissed him. As he felt those deft fingers comb messily through his curls, he wondered how he’d lived without this for so long. Then he wondered if he could ever live without it again, which just made him kiss John even more hungrily. There was too much going through his brain, and he was convinced that if he opened his eyes, he’d see sparks.
“To take your mind off things. It’s a better coping mechanism than drugs. Besides, the East London case is of utmost significance.”
They hadn’t seamlessly morphed into happy couple mode, of course. In the beginning, there was some awkwardness and hesitation, and always an element of partial disbelief. They’d gotten over it quickly, though, their happiness profound enough to override everything else. They were mostly unchanged in public, but while they were in the flat, John was more open than he had ever been. He’d casually put his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, or hug his waist halfway through an experiment, or ruffle his hair in passing, or press a hand to the small of his back, or kiss him for no apparent reason.
“I take it that you live here permanently. Where were you on the night of the break-in?” Sherlock asked.
She put her head in her hands, trembling a little. John and Sherlock shared a look, but before either of them could do anything, a tall, teenage boy had entered the room and was sitting beside her, hugging her gently.
He stared after her, wondering what was wrong. She wasn’t immature enough to be upset about John and Sherlock...was she? He decided she was probably just stressed out about something else and closed the door.
Next Sunday afternoon found John and Rosie having lunch at Harry’s. The last time this had happened had been a few days after Sherlock’s second death anniversary, when Harry had relapsed yet again.
“None of the tell-tale signs.” John said, and headed back to the dead boy’s room. Sherlock remained in the store-room, examining it for any clues he might have missed.
John nodded and sat down on the sofa. Sherlock gave him a small smile, then gripped the door handle tightly, steeling himself. The voices in the bedroom ceased as soon as he entered. Mycroft was sitting next to the bed, an unmistakable edge to his usually bored expression. There was an empty wheelchair next to him. A woman Sherlock assumed was a nurse pottered about in the corner, mixing a concoction of some kind. An elderly man sat on the bed, twisting a piece of yarn around his fingers.
“Molly, don’t lie, you are mediocre at it.” he said. “This is your signature, and when you signed this, you knew full well the body wasn’t going to a funeral home."
“No, she’ll almost definitely have removed whatever she’s hiding. Can’t risk leaving it there with the police crawling all over the place. But I’ve had my homeless network watching the house since we left it, and she hasn’t gone out. A number of policemen have been in and out, of course, but it’s highly unlikely she’ll trust someone else to hide something she’s so paranoid about. Whatever we’re looking for is still in the house.”
“Dr Watson.” Noel half-whispered, still staring into the water, “Could you - could you double back and get mom? I just want to be here with her for a short while. Could you do that for me?”
“Met her at the door. Er, whatever it is that you two do in the seclusion of the flat - I would request you to control yourself around Rosie.”
“I love you too, Sherlock. I just wish I’d told you earlier. Then we wouldn’t have wasted so much time.”
he thought. But he knew Mrs Hudson was smart, a lot smarter than she let on; and when she left the room, there was no mistaking the tremor in her hands.
“Oh, just here and there. Moriarty’s connections kept me safe, even after his death.” She laid her fork down for a moment and stared at Sherlock. “I really did think you were dead, too. Shouldn’t have gotten my hopes up.”
Sherlock sighed. “I’ll think about it.” Mycroft was clearly desperate for him to take the case. Normally, Sherlock would've argued more and left him dangling until Mycroft practically had to beg him to investigate, but he was too stressed about John and Rosie to bother.
Sherlock wanted to deny it. He wanted to lie and tell John that he really didn’t care about him, because that would surely get him to leave and then he would finally be safe. But then John leaned across the table and took his hand, and he felt his resolve dissolve.
“It stopped.” Sherlock said, his voice barely above a whisper. “The doctors told me later - it stopped, but it started again on its own...”
He wondered what Eurus was up to. He had visited her a few times already. At first, she wouldn’t talk to anyone, wouldn’t even acknowledge their presence. But when he started playing the violin to her, her face would light up, and recently, she had even started playing with him. He wished that he had had more time to get to know her. Psychotic or not, she was his sister, and he really felt for her. He couldn’t believe that Mycroft had kept her locked away all this time, and couldn’t help but think that the confinement had probably made her worse. She was smart, no doubt; she couldn’t channel her intellect the right way was the only problem.
“I thought you wanted me to stop thinking about that. Well, since you brought it up, the plan is to continue digging around in the Edmund family’s - “
It had been over a week since that night at Stargrounds, and it hadn’t been an easy one. It was impossible to gauge what John was thinking - but so far, he hadn’t moved out and he hadn’t been behaving any differently, so that was good. Sherlock was used to hacking away at problems until he found a way to solve them, but he’d finally found one he couldn’t solve: John Watson. There was nothing to do but sit and wait.
John dashed up the stairs, trying not to leave too many dirty footprints. There was a proper downpour outside, and he’d stepped out of the cab smack into a mud puddle. It was a miracle they’d let him into the hospital, really. They almost hadn’t, but then he’d mentioned Mycroft Holmes and the doors opened almost magically.
“Irene Adler knew about Eurus, but I highly doubt she’s behind this. She’s just trying to get her old life back. Moriarty knew everything, and he probably would’ve told his accomplices, most notably Moran.”
Sherlock gave him an odd look, but it only lasted for a split second, and he quickly caught on to what John was doing. “It’s set for next week.” he said, beaming at the doctor, “But we might have to postpone it...it all depends on little Rosie.” He pretended to sniffle, and John was sure that a significant part of it wasn’t fake.
, he thought - but to his utter disappointment, John pulled away. Sherlock made an involuntary sound halfway between a whine and gasp.
. Sometimes, the mere sight of Sherlock wasn’t enough; he wanted to touch him, his face, his torso, his pulse, to make sure that it was really Sherlock and not some cheap trick.
“I did love Mary, and she’s the mother of my child.” he said softly. “There is a part of me that will always love her, Sherlock, and you’ve got to understand that.”
John glared at him, and he sighed and strode over to help. Out in the middle of nowhere with an angry army doctor for company - Sherlock wouldn’t have had it any other way.
“Bless his soul, he’s trying to learn some manners.” she said, when he had left. “Oh, boys, what a terrible mess you’ve made! Here, let me just take these cups -”
“You’re wearing a new locket. You wouldn’t wear it to the mortuary unless it was really special. The expense suggests boyfriend, not friend.”
There was a loaded silence, and Sherlock swirled the water in his glass, trying to collect his thoughts. He
“You and your son were upstairs. That leaves Mark, the help. He hasn’t been with you for very long, so there’s none of that
Countless sandwiches later (he could almost hear Mrs Hudson in his head; “I’m not your housekeeper! Oh, just this once, then”), John leaned back against the tent and sighed contentedly.
Mr Oliver drained his glass and wiped his eyes for the millionth time. “It’s devilish hard, you know.” he croaked out, “You think you have forever with someone, and then - poof. They’re gone.”
Barely an hour later, Sherlock and John stepped out of their cab in front of a small two-storeyed house.
Sherlock put down the violin and settled into his armchair. It had already been three days since his visit to Sherrinford, and he had been awaiting this particular client for quite some time. He hadn’t made any effort to contact Irene Adler; she would come to him of her own accord. Sure enough, the door opened and she walked in, as calm and poised as ever.
“No, I called Lestrade. I told him to offer you a case every time it was even slightly bizarre. How long did it take you to solve the Ferrier robbery?”
John hailed a cab and set off on the journey back home, mind buzzing. Who was Charlotte? Why was there a Sherrinford file in Irene Adler’s luggage? Why had she gone to so much trouble to hide it? If only Mr Oliver had stayed in the living room for a few more seconds, John could’ve uncovered so much…
“Oh, for god’s sake. I won’t have you freeze to death just for the sake of my sexuality. Just get in, alright?”
calm.” Sherlock said indignantly. “The girl. We could’ve saved her, if we had just been a little quicker…”
“Are you sure? This isn’t just any crime scene. I know it’s a big deal for you. Will you be okay dealing with Xavier Trevor alone?”
“It’s time for you to sleep, Mr Trevor.” the nurse said. She ushered them out of the room and lowered her voice. “He’s no good when he gets like this. Come back tomorrow afternoon." They heard him grumble something unintelligible before she shut the door.
All these years, and he hadn’t even noticed this crucial detail about John. At a loss for words, he closed the space between them and tentatively put a comforting hand on John’s knee. John stiffened and Sherlock sighed resignedly -
“He has his good days and his bad days. He’s been doing okay recently. As I’ve often said, work is the best antidote to misery.”
“You can’t see her right now. She’s sustained a minor head injury, but…” she hesitated, “She’ll make it, but there might be a possibility of permanent motor damage. It’s too early to say.”
“Ooh, he does that whenever you two have a little domestic.” Mrs Hudson commented. On receiving strange looks from both men, she muttered something about tea and went out.
“I don’t know how you survived.” John said, voice faltering. “Not that I’m complaining, but technically...your heart should’ve stopped.”
“Clothes.” he said automatically, and hurried off to his room. When he came back, John was rifling through the shopping bag.
Sherlock just smiled. He’d long accepted how much sway John held over him, and at the same time trusted him not to misuse it. But he pushed the thought to the back of his mind, deciding to focus on being here instead of thinking too much.
a public love letter.” John said indignantly. “I’ll leave right away, then - just let me apologize to your parents for ruining their morning.”
“Do you think this could have something to do with Irene?” John pressed, “I mean, she’s been on the run for all these years. How would her father even know where to reach her in case of an emergency like this? Why randomly turn up now?”
“Let’s face it.” John continued, “I’m already a marked man. Even if I move away and cut off all contact, it won’t save me from being used against you. Everybody knows how much we mean to each other. There’s no getting around that.”
John held up his hands in mock surrender and retired to his armchair, too used to Sherlock’s erratic mood swings to bother worrying about them. He immersed himself in writing a new blog post about their latest case - the theft of some precious painting which had baffled Scotland Yard, while Sherlock took a mere two hours to deliver the thief and the painting in one neat package. He was halfway through it when Sherlock finally spoke again.
For a moment, John found himself distracted by the small scar on Sherlock’s lip, and a fresh wave of guilt hit him. Just how badly had he hurt Sherlock in Culverton Smith’s morgue? He snapped back to the present and showed Sherlock the boy’s throat. “Isn’t that how the Golem kills his victims?”
“I can see why this place is called Stargrounds. You can’t see even half of these stars from London.” he said to Sherlock, who was standing some distance away and squinting at the forest. Apparently dissatisfied, he turned and settled down beside John, shoulder to shoulder. They’d both been invading each other’s private space a lot recently, but John didn’t mind, of course. There was no point in pretending they were just platonic anymore.
Sherlock frowned. “Then someone hired him to do this.” He clenched his fist. Moriarty was dead, Eurus was locked up...who would want to hurt John now?
Xavier Trevor clearly didn’t care for Mycroft’s politeness. He grew agitated, twisting the yarn around his fingers more tightly.
“Yes. I’m selling it. I can’t afford the mortgage on my own, and even if I could...I can’t go back there. I don’t want to. ”
They packed, making idle chatter about sandwiches and binoculars. In the broad daylight, it almost seemed as if the previous night could’ve been a dream. John was half-inclined to believe that it was. Sherlock was his usual cranky self, until he let out a long sigh and stopped to survey John, cocking one eyebrow quizzically.
John shook his head and opened his eyes, grabbing onto the railing to steady himself again. One wrong move and he’d either smash to bits on the rocks or get swept away by the ocean. He turned to where Irene was standing, head bent, gripping the railing equally hard. She hadn’t spoken since they’d boarded the helicopter.
The remainder of his words were lost as John pulled him forward and kissed him, and the rest of the restaurant seemed to recede into the background. It wasn’t until John pulled away did Sherlock realize that he had knocked the candle over, setting the tablecloth on fire. He would’ve gladly burnt the entire place down if it meant he could prolong the moment just for a little while; there were at least six health violations in the kitchen, anyway.
“So - I thought the message would be something more elaborate. ‘You are ne-’ doesn’t sound very promising to me. I thought it’d be some sort of code, or just - something more concrete.”
“Hush, John.” Sherlock said, then turned to Molly. “I assume they asked you to sign those forms and release the body in exchange for Rosie.”
“There are a few spots in the woods, but we mostly stuck to this path and trekked to a small hill just beyond the trees. Stellar view, and no animals nose into the camp.” Noel said.
The effect was surprising and instantaneous. Mrs Hudson dropped her plate into the sink, muttered “Oh, dear.” and promptly fainted.
John glanced over the papers, frowning as he turned the page, and wishing the robberies had been challenging enough to afford him another week of peace. Sherlock continued to throw darts.
“You mentioned that I blacked out. Did I do anything… out of character?” His eyes flickered to John, trying to gauge his reaction.
the murderer's behaviour has changed.”Before John could speak, he added, “And that was not an opportunity for you to suggest a motive.”
John pulled two vampires from the crowd, looping silver chains around their hands as they hissed at him, eyes blank and black, blown wide by the power of Harker’s hypnotic command. So long as he could keep them from biting him anywhere essential, John wasn’t especially worried - however, they were using their not-inconsiderable strength to aim their fangs at his jugular. After a struggle, he was able to throw them to the ground, and drive a long pin through their chains into the dirt. Pulling it out would require pulling against the silver, and John couldn’t imagine newborns would be keen to push that sensation very far.
“I won’t argue with that,” Sherlock said. He began to pull his own clothes back on, dressing less tactically than John. Before he was quite finished, a knock at the door was immediately followed by Lestrade using his own copy of the key card and slipping in.
“This is a plot to keep me busy,”Sherlock answered, turning to face John with his arms crossed across his chest.
“Don't you dare,” John said. “It probably would. I'd never hear the end of it for hurting his baby brother.”
"The problem with having enemies that will never die is that they can wait until you're at your weakest; they can bide their time, obsess over whatever it is you've done to wrong them, until it consumes them. Then they act. Sometimes that time is in the middle of a war, sometimes it's the single night you forget to sleep with a stake or a rosary - or maybe it's the night your wife goes into labour."
To John’s surprise, they weren’t met with total darkness: across the cavernous vault, there were flickering candles along the wall. They attempted to move gingerly into the room, keeping to the edge of the stone. It took a moment for the group’s eyes to adjust, and just as they were beginning to see rows on rows of graves, four vampires came out of the darkness to their sides. John was first to react, and had a knife through the first vampire by the time the men behind him were able to fire. Sherlock’s first shot missed, but the second struck home and took off a great deal of a hissing vampire’s shoulder. The creature expressed something akin to an expletive, and John realized with wonder that he was finally dealing with a proper vampire - turned years ago, not recently.
John, one eye on the door, started leading the pair away. Once they were a safe distance away from the vaults, he resumed speaking. “It’s probably for the best that we didn’t go in,” he admitted, finally coming to terms with what he’d seen.
“Find Jane,” he directed. John turned and stepped nimbly away from a fighting pair. A cadet, fighting for the first time in the field, was currently engaged with a vampire twice his size, and was close to pinning it down with a silver-lined glove. John nodded curtly at the young man, and kept walking. Things were almost too easy, tonight, it almost felt like he was being teased - built up with small victories, but nothing impressive; John felt as though something was about to go terribly wrong.
“By the time I reached your brother’s office, the other vampire had already cut into the man’s neck. I did not know whether or not he had given Mycroft any of his blood. While your brother lay bleeding on the floor, as surprised as I imagine he ever had been in his life, I was able to distract the other vampire, and drive a stake through him in the confusion.”
John and Sherlock stared at the separated parts of the decapitated corpse in silence, until the sharp ringing of John’s mobile phone brought them back to reality. John glanced at the caller ID, then immediately picked up.
John crossed his arms and leaned back, murmuring the words, when realization flashed across his face. “Back in the day, there was a group that called themselves that, wasn't there? That group of American lieutenants.”
“Thanks for taking the time to tell us. Good luck, Greg,” John said, trying to force a smile, and barely managing.
He turned to the three men who were watching him, blood covering his hands and running down his neck. He looked at Sherlock momentarily, and for a second Sherlock swore he saw a flicker of sadness in the doctor's expression. “I should probably explain this, shouldn't I?”
“Right,” John replied. “Accompanied humans are allowed. Most vampires - in London, at least- take on human partners. Portable meals, you could call them. Clubs are a good place to show them off, swap them with other vampires.” Sherlock noticed his grimace, and John continued. “I'm generalizing, but vampires that are genuinely keen on maintaining a long term relationship with the human that they're feeding on don't usually take their mates out to violent, often dangerous clubs.”
“Just a break in,” Sebastian muttered as he pulled a bit on the string. He took a drag on the cigarette that was resting at the side of his mouth. “Nothing to worry about.”
Sherlock found himself holding John’s head between his hands, insistently pressing his tongue at John’s lips until they parted. It was a curious thing, kissing – that was the sole thought that emerged with any coherence through the fog of Sherlock’s brain. Distantly, he realized this was the first time he had ever kissed someone for the sake of wanting to do so, to resolve some kind of sexual impulse.
Lestrade looked up, and in the darkness saw the outlines of other similar shapes all across the warehouse.
“The four of us will leave at sunset,” George said, speaking slowly and deliberately, clearly intending his suggestion to serve as an order rather than a request. Sherlock and Greg were not expected to join the group, but John was evidently expected to obey and depart.
Lestrade and Sherlock continued out, but it wasn’t long before Sherlock came back in the room, closing the door softly behind him.
John, wakeful enough to argue, plucked it from his hands and took a bite from the opposite corner. Chewing it thoughtfully, he turned towards the table and put the toast beside Sherlock's tea cup.“The toast is fine. Maybe you'd be in a better mood if you'd slept more than two hours.”
“Vampire attacks on the new moon and the full moon,” John confirmed. “Don't ask us why, we're not quite there yet,” he said as he rubbed an eye with the back of his hand.
The cab ride to the club was brief, stopping well before the two men were near the club. Sherlock spent most of the ride pulling his coat collar forward, though his attention to covering his neck was apparently unnecessary, as the driver did not so much as give his odd behaviour a sidelong glance. Walking in the brisk, very early morning air, John led Sherlock down side streets and staircases until they reached an unusually dark section of road. It appeared as though all the streetlights in the area had burned out, and the only light that could be seen was a simple red circle near the door of a nondescript grey building.
“Coward,” he muttered, then yelled “Mycroft!” over the crowd. The tall vampire - hands drenched with blood - turned to look at him. “Follow Harker!”
Sherlock leaned back slowly, and looked at John, close enough that John could feel the man's breath on his skin.
“Bloody Wales,” Lestrade muttered, then stood again, holding out a hand to pull Molly up with him. “We can’t wait here.”
“About one. Around dawn she opened her eyes again, but then she was gone. The only person who knows what we're dealing with and she's dead.” Lestrade took a sip of his coffee and muttered, “just like the rest.”. Sherlock stared through him as he tried to make connections. “Have you two figured out a motive? Found any evidence you're not sharing? Anything.”
“It does, however, seem to be a logical place to start. This seems like a good place to find a group of your... people?”
Lestrade shook his head, still surprised at the situation he found himself in. “When the answer, for once, is actually ‘vampires,’ I’d imagine so.”
“Fourteen days until the next new moon,”Sherlock said. “Whoever sent this one knew its messenger would be killed. They just needed to pass the number along.”
“Sorry,” he said softly again. “Now. Will you agree not to interrupt me too much and let me explain everything to you at once? I really don't want to have to go through it again,” he asked.
Men and women, of various ages and ethnicities, rose from the ground, disoriented and fanged. On balance, the turn seemed to be successful - these were not the vampires that had attacked Sherlock and John in alleyways and in the hospital; they still seemed to have their wits about them, could still behave like they did when they were human.
Opening his eyes again, John began to walk upstairs. Fortunately, he didn't find Sherlock waiting for him at the door. Staying out of the line of sight of Sherlock's usual seat in the kitchen, he made his way to the sofa and found himself collapsing onto it rather unwillingly. All of the fight gone from him, John lay on his stomach, face pressed into a cushion, and a few limbs hanging off the side of the sofa. He tried to let his mind go blank. He was unsuccessful, and after some time, exhaled with what Sherlock – who had watched him return to the flat, and purposely ducked into the kitchen when he came upstairs – would have described as either a soft growl or an expletive. He couldn't be sure.
Sherlock surveyed him and nodded. “Fine.” He placed the photographs he had moved back onto the pile, and moved back to his microscope. “Sleep well.”
Positive that he was in a race against time, John started a slow jog to the end of the street, then broke out into a run as he turned the corner, directing himself as best as he could towards 221B until he found an empty cab. As he exited at the end of the road and started running towards the flat again, he stopped involuntarily a few steps from the door.
“Are you going to tell me I’m remarkable?” Sherlock said, practically purring as he ran a hand across John’s chest.
“It was worth a try,” John said as he took a step back. There was nothing nearby for him to use. Although he was confident he could subdue the vampire without a weapon, it would be at a greater cost than it had been to fight Thomas. Defending himself in an alleyway was relatively safe, all things considered; in the confined laboratory, his movements would risk not only his own safety, but Sherlock's. He clenched a fist as he readied himself to push Sherlock to the side, while the vampire stopped moving and narrowed its eyes, gazing hungrily at John's throat.
“What about Sherlock?” Mycroft called back, flipping a stake over daintily and making contact with one of the young vampires. He was surprisingly proficient at hunting, if perhaps a bit too keen.
He walked over to the desk and set down three small surveillance cameras, all in a tangle of wires. He lifted the strap of his computer bag off his shoulder and put it down in one of the chairs, pulling out his laptop.
By the time Sherlock made his way outside, John was sitting on the curb of the road, two paper cups of coffee from the chain across the street waiting beside him. He handed one cup to Sherlock as he flipped through his phone.
“If you don't feed on me, I think it will be fair to conclude that I won't get within fifty meters from the door. Unaccompanied humans aren't welcome, or have I misunderstood?”
“My hands are tied, I'm afraid. If you would come to my office, the files could be in your hands by,” he looked at his watch, “Nine thirty, at the very latest.”
Jonathan nodded and set the papers in order gently, with long nimble fingers. In a bid to delay the vampires, while also wanting to satisfy his curiosity, John spoke.
“Is this an interrogation?” The vampire asked, laughing madly before throwing himself back heavily towards the pipe. His hands, pulling in vain at the silver, grew more and more red, and his kicks against the wall shook the room itself.
John felt confident, but not certain, that whatever book Sebastian and company had used to raise their army was not the true Book of the Undead. However, that didn’t mean that they hadn’t worked a spell that held some kind of power to it. Indeed, loathe as he was to admit it, John knew a lot of vampire lore related to blood sacrifices and hierarchies. Knowing Jonathan did indeed participate in killing Dracula, it was quite possible that he was King - though that didn’t mean he’d be able to create daywalkers.
“Someone as old and powerful as you – that’s an awfully short list of candidates, isn’t it?” John asked.
Kneeling down and tilting his head, Sherlock looked closer, gingerly resting on his fingertips as he leaned in towards the body. The woman, who lay with her arms to either side of her body and her legs slightly curved and facing the same direction, looked unlike the still, almost peaceful corpses pictured in the previous crime scene photographs. The most notable difference was the presence of a physical wound – the lack of one having been the very thing that attracted Sherlock to the case in the first place – which took the form of a deep, wide gash running from under the right side of her jaw, down to the base of her neck. Ragged at the edges but remarkably pale, the wound issued lines of dried blood, which crisscrossed down her torn blouse like a spiderweb. Her mouth, slightly open, seemed just moments away from freeing a scream, and her eyes were unnaturally wide. The entire scene appeared to be infinitely more disturbing than the prior two, and John understood Lestrade's unease.
Sherlock considered this for a moment. “I’d like to visit Stargrounds. It might shed some light on this. Could you and Noel accompany us? I have an inkling that you could help.”
Mr Trevor leaned back in the wheelchair and closed his eyes. “I don’t believe you.” he said firmly, and a solitary tear rolled down his cheek. “I know he’s still alive. He has to be.”
But Sherlock knew. He didn’t strut around the apartment naked anymore, but sometimes John glimpsed the scars on his back - scars that certainly hadn’t existed before his 2-year long solo mission. John didn’t ask about them - perhaps he didn’t want to invade Sherlock’s privacy, perhaps he was scared they’d trigger his own memories. Sherlock wouldn’t pity and mollycoddle him. He’d move on, accepting John the way he was. So John swallowed, looked up and tried to speak.
They shook hands, and John stared into his glass, not sure how to make conversation. The only thing he really remembered about Sebastian was that he was a pompous prick.
Sherlock turned around, and John’s eyes fell instantly to the bullet mark smack in the middle of his chest.
Sherlock and Mr Holmes turned imploringly to Mycroft. He sighed and threw his hands up in defeat. “Fine. But the earliest I can get her here is by tomorrow morning.”
Rosie’s trademark giggle broke the silence, and Mycroft peered at her, a mixture of curiosity and revulsion on his face. “Ah, you must be Rosamund Mary Watson. Pleased to meet you. Don’t let my brother’s eccentricity influence you too much.”
Sherlock turned and blinked at him, and the stoic mask had disintegrated into something more vulnerable, a soft expression that made John’s heart ache.
“Yes. But first - John, I -“ Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure how to phrase what he was thinking. “I want to do the thing with you. You know, when two people who like each other go out and have fun and do things together…”
As Irene Adler and Sherlock entered the restaurant, Angelo himself stepped forward to greet them. “Ah, Sherlock! How nice to see you again!” he beamed, “Your usual table, I suppose?”
“Not just Rosie. You, too.” Sherlock said, “Over the last few years, I have seen you wrapped in Semtex, targeted by Moriarty, set on fire, tranquilized by my sister, and chained to the bottom of a rapidly filling well. That’s without even counting the car accident and everything that’s happened since then.”
The door creaked open and Eurus peeked in, looking as innocent as she could manage with handcuffs around her wrists and a tracker band on her ankle.
“But your legs barely fit on the couch!” John protested, “You’ll have to fold yourself up like an origami napkin if you don’t want to fall off.”
John interrupted him again. The words were simply rushing out of him now, as if they had been caged away for years and were just now breaking through the bars. “You keep saying I’m abnormally attracted to dangerous situations, but I’m not just addicted to the danger. I’m hopelessly addicted to you, Sherlock. I mean, with you...I’d even be content living in a lonely cottage out in the middle of nowhere.”
Sherlock’s fingers closed over the marks on his own forearm, and then he was thinking about the loneliness, and those dark days in Europe while he’d hunted down Moriarty’s men. He’d never thought he could be lonely….but before John, he’d never known he could have friends. He swallowed and brought himself back to the present, back to this small, scared boy in front of him, and left the room, taking the blades with him.
John smiled and zipped up his jacket. “A hunt for one of the deadliest assassins in the world? Of course I’m coming.”
John smiled, clearly trying hard to suppress a giggle. “I’m sorry, I can’t help it. Ah, Sherlock’s going to love this.” He finally composed himself and sat down.
“If you want to pretend that nothing happened…” John started. He didn’t even know what to think. Sherlock liked him
It was already late evening by the time Mycroft arrived at 221B Baker Street. He straightened the knocker and greeted Mrs Hudson, then headed up the stairs. He couldn’t help but admire the homeliness of the place, but he preferred the cool classiness of his own house. At least there was no sentiment and attachment clouding it. He opened the door to find Sherlock standing by the cot, tucking Rosie in.
As John dropped his bag and glanced into the pond - it looked quite deep - he felt some of the old panic returning. He forced himself to take deep breaths and look away, and stepped back a little.
“There is nothing I would rather do right now than find the damn cabbie who hurt you and Rosie.” Sherlock said, “But there are no substantial leads. I’ve tried the taxi company and searched the site of the accident for clues, but I found nothing. It’s like he never existed.”
As John leant over the corpse again, someone thundered up the stairs, and the door to the room was flung open. There was an exclamation of surprise, and a strangely familiar female voice said, “Well. I didn’t think I’d find you here.”
Sherlock threw his hands up in exasperation. “‘Tell nobody’ means tell Sherlock Holmes! Always tell Sherlock Holmes! When will people understand this?”
Their conversation was cut short by Molly Hooper, who didn’t look the slightest bit unfazed to seem them holding hands. “Hello,” she said brightly, “My shift is about to start and I just thought I’d drop by and talk to the doctors. Rosie’s perfectly fine. The wound on her head could take a while to heal, but no lasting damage done. You can take her home with you.” John took his hand away and buried his face in his hands.
Sherlock buried himself even deeper behind the newspaper. “I’m not doing this for you, I’m doing it for Rosie.” he finally muttered. He peeked over the newspaper just in time to catch John’s smile.
You have a week. Let’s see if you can find the anagram and unscramble it. Hint: all the data you need is in this chapter.
“I don’t know.” John murmured against his mouth. “You’re so transient. Here one day, gone the next. Every moment with you could be the last.”
Sherlock sat down on one of the benches and put his palms over his eyes, pressing hard until stars popped in front of them.
“No doubt he’s taking care of it right now.” Sherlock said drily. “By tomorrow, all traces of this will disappear.”
Sherlock was silent for a moment. “I did think about it, but it doesn’t add up. Irene Adler is a lot of things, but she isn’t a cold-hearted killer.” He leaned back in his chair. “Before I jump to any conclusions, I need to find out where she’s been and what she’s been up to. I need to find whatever she’s hiding.”
“The only person of any personal significance is lying on this bed right now.” Sherlock muttered under his breath, then silently cursed himself. He could tell that Mycroft had heard him. He remembered the day England had legalized same-sex marriage; the news flash had barely started when he received a text.
“Well, I’ll tell you something.” Xavier said, leaning forward dramatically. “I’ve found him. That’s right. I saw him tonight. He peeked in at my door, my little boy, and beckoned to me.”
Sherlock forced himself back to the matter at hand. “Eurus. You. Our parents. John. Lestrade knows Eurus as an escaped mental patient, unless you told him something else. Magnussen knew the word Redbeard, but I don’t know what else he knew.”
Sherlock sighed; there was no way he could resist John’s puppy face, so he lay down on the opposite end of the bed. As if on a sudden impulse, John shifted closer, putting his head on Sherlock’s chest and draping an arm over his stomach. As Sherlock let his hand softly graze John’s hair, he desperately tried to remember how to breathe. He turned his head and met John’s eyes, suddenly aware of how much he wanted to reach out and touch the crinkles by his eyes. Find out where they began, where they stopped, how deep they were…
The Golem just stared at them in silence, struggling to get out of their grasp. Finally, he calmed down and spat in Sherlock’s face, narrowly missing it. John had to restrain himself from punching him.
“Well, I don’t think you both should worry too much anyway. Rosie’s an unusually strong baby. I wonder where she gets it from.”
Sherlock took John’s hand, interlacing their fingers and raising his eyebrows as if in question. John squeezed back. The world was swimming again and the physical contact was his only anchor.
Billy didn’t disappoint him - he quickly came over and whispered a few words in his ear. Sherlock smiled and handed him some money, and he left, pleased.
As they headed out of the room, a piercing alarm punctured the air. “Fire.” they both said automatically, and each looked at the other, eyes locking, ready to carry the other to safety if need be -
“I was in a...situation. Your flat was rigged with explosives triggered to go off within 3 minutes if you didn’t say the-the thing that you said.”
“I just - I’d started drinking again, and I knew there was going to be an open bar, so I figured it was best if I didn’t go. Didn’t want to turn up and create a scene. I’m so sorry I missed your big day. I thought you’d be happier if I didn’t come.”
Mycroft surveyed him with surprise. Did John really not know? If he didn’t have a little more self-control, he would’ve bopped John with his umbrella and said
“Tell me who you’re working for, Dzundza.” Sherlock threatened, jamming the gun into his forehead. “Or I’ll shoot. Better yet, I’ll call the police.”
Sherlock left and returned with a glass. John put the glass to her lips and she spluttered, then sat back up.
John cut him off. “Yea, all right, you twat. You have to take your bedroom back now. I’m not a world-famous detective, but I can still tell that the couch isn’t really suiting you.”
John wondered why everything was so complicated and he couldn’t just tell Sherlock how he felt. Was he still grieving Mary? Partially. Was he still trying to build up the courage to apologize to Sherlock? Definitely. Was he afraid of rejection? Absolutely. Sherlock was still such an amateur when it came to understanding emotions. He probably thought that holding hands and cuddling and killing for each other were things people just
“What’s wrong, then?” he asked softly. “I’ve been watching you since Mycroft called. Haven’t seen you this tense since Sherrinford.”
. John could hear Sherlock gasping for breath and clawing unsuccessfully at his captor’s strong arms. He tried not to panic as he buried his gun in the back of the Golem’s head, feeling a strange sense of deja vu.
“We have to stop this.” he said. “Anything could’ve happened to Rosie. Please, tell me you know what to do, because I’m out of my depth here.”
“It wasn’t like I met her and turned into a happy hobbit right off the bat. I was never completely okay until you came back. But when we started going out, the colours dulled a little. Food became somewhat edible. There were times when I almost wasn’t sad. The best thing about Mary? She didn’t make me hide my grief. She made me face it. I’ve lost count of how many dates I ruined because something or the other set me thinking about you.”
Their eyes met, and John saw in them all the hurt and emotions Sherlock had spent years concealing. He wasn’t the cold-hearted sociopath he pretended he was. Deep inside, he was just as broken and human as John was - he just did a much better job of hiding it. All the pain he must’ve gone through, the heartbreak, the isolation - John multiplied his own heartburn one, two, three times and knew it was still just a fraction of everything Sherlock felt.
“Absolutely not. She just spent two nights straight at Molly’s, and I’m not letting her out of my sight for a while now.”
“Trying to get her old house back. She wants to stay in London until her father’s stable again, and probably after. Look, we’re here.”
“The letter directed you to open the door on a pre-determined date and contained a small enclosure of cash, just enough to get you begging for more. What else?”
. About how in all the photos of his early childhood, Mycroft looked almost jolly, but got progressively more careworn over the years. The taller he got, the more he receded into the background, the more his frown deepened. From what Sherlock had heard, his parents had certainly been ill-equipped to deal with the whole Eurus situation. Mycroft had been the one who took charge and sent her to Sherrinford, shouldering a responsibility far beyond his years. It was as if his entire growing-up process had been condensed into the few years between Eurus’ birth and her final incarceration in Sherrinford...
Sherlock sighed irritably. “It’s not you.” he said grumpily. “It’s nothing. Can’t a man sulk in peace?”
“You can think perfectly fine without them. As your doctor, I am officially confiscating these. Are there any hidden stashes of drugs I should be worrying about?”
But his favourite by far was when John gently rubbed his hand with his thumb, because it meant that he would inevitably lean in for a kiss. In fact, he was doing it now - rubbing Sherlock’s hand and kissing his knuckles. Sherlock got up and pulled him closer, so far past caring if John thought him too needy. He captured John’s lips with his own, but John sighed breathily and pulled away.
John stood straight and tall, the letter from Mary crushed to his side, every bit the soldier, but Sherlock could see through it. The clenched jaw, the raised chin, the barely concealed emotion in his eyes -
, his brain said, but then John wrapped his arms around his waist and kissed the back of his neck, and he relaxed again.
They sat in silence, staring at the fire, until John finally spoke. “You’re thinking about her right now, aren’t you?”
And then John’s hands were on his shoulders, pressing and kneading, and he felt something unknot between them. He hadn’t realized how much tension he’d been holding in his body until now.
“So - what about us? Everything that we’ve been through, and the last three weeks...does all of that mean nothing to you?”
“Because you just had an accident and your back clearly hurts from sleeping on the couch for so long. No, don’t ask me how I know. What you need is a good night’s sleep on a proper bed. I can sleep right here on the couch and look after Rosie tonight.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly in recognition, and John knew that he was thinking about their brief encounter with the Golem. They’d come so close to catching him, but he got away at the last moment.
“Tell me everything from the beginning.” Sherlock cut in. John glared at him, but gave up and settled on the sofa next to him, ready to hear the story.
“I had the early shift,” she told him, leading him through the corridors. “I was just about to go home and take over Rosie’s babysitting duties for a bit, when I saw them both being wheeled in. Apparently the cab just kind of…swerved off the road and into a tree. John isn’t severely injured, but he’s still getting stitched up. He was really agitated, kept yelling and asking for Rosie, so they sedated him.”
John slowly untangled his arm from under Sherlock’s head and put it around his shoulders, easily settling his head on Sherlock’s again. He gave Sherlock’s arm a gentle, reassuring squeeze. Sherlock took a deep breath and continued.
with him. He didn’t deserve this - any of this - to be sitting here on a moonlit night, holding Sherlock’s hand, talking about
Sherlock let out an annoyed sigh. “Nothing, at the moment. Your voice is interfering with my brainwaves in more than one way."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don’t be melodramatic. We’ll be completely safe. I really doubt Harry would miss you if you vanished for a day.”
“So they had their tea, and halfway through it, I heard a mighty crash and came rushing in. Turns out Frank had poisoned his guest. He completely panicked - I suppose he hadn’t thought of the consequences of murder. It was a fairly transparent case, after all - anyone could’ve solved it and sent him to jail. At that time, in the province where we were living - no, I will not tell you the name - Moran was known for ‘handling’ small affairs like this. Frank contacted him, and he covered it up. The man who was killed - he’s deemed missing to this day. No one ever found out.”
“You already left once.” Sherlock finally said. “You left me in Culverton’s hospital, when you dropped off the walking cane. Granted, I had anticipated and even banked on the possibility - “
“No signs of forced entry anywhere, I’m absolutely certain you didn’t leave any doors unlocked or windows open...that leaves only one option. Someone let Ghost Father into the house.”
“Why not? You practically proposed to Janine so that you could move forward with the Magnussen case.”
As John and Irene stepped into the elevator, Sherlock took out his violin and joined Eurus in her melody.
There was a tight feeling in his chest, and try as he might, he couldn’t get the muscles in his arms to unclench. He didn’t believe Sherlock’s ‘caring is not an advantage’ excuse one bit. Still, it was probably a good thing that he’d left him alone for a bit, given him some space to think things through. All that remained was deciding where to go: outside to a different life, or upstairs to Sherlock.
John and Sherlock shared a look, then John reached out and took her hand. “Mrs Hudson...you have to tell us what you know. People’s lives could depend on this information.”
“And then spend him spiralling into hell again?” he completed. “No. I realized a long time ago that I can save John Watson, but I can’t protect him. Trouble finds him. Rather, I find trouble, and he runs headlong into it with me.”
John straightened Rosie’s bag on his shoulder and set off down the stairs. He’d forgotten how much he missed living at Baker Street and running around solving crimes with Sherlock. Sure, Sherlock could be insufferable, but there was never a dull moment with him around. John had been helping out with the renovations at Baker Street and eventually ended up staying; the house he had shared with Mary was too big, too empty. Besides, being friends with Sherlock Holmes meant being able to drop everything and run out on an errand at a moment’s notice. It meant midnight stakeouts and pre-dawn chases through the city. It meant sleepless nights spent pondering over cases, or slumber rudely awakened by Sherlock thumping his way through 221B. Add a baby to the equation and life got even more complicated; if he needed to go off with Sherlock on a wild goose chase, it was just a lot more convenient to leave Rosie with Mrs Hudson.
As he accepted his predicament, something akin to hopelessness came over the Golem’s face, only to be replaced by hard resolve. With a sudden burst of energy, he wrestled the gun from Sherlock’s hand - and shot himself through the mouth.
Finally, he got up, turned off the lights, and with one last glance at Rosie, retreated to Sherlock’s bedroom.
They entered a big sitting room, where Lestrade was engaged in conversation with a pretty blonde woman.
“Of course I forgive you, Sherlock. I mean, you’re a git and all that, but everything else about you makes up for it. I know this is childish, but I still have trouble believing you’re around. Still can’t walk by St. Bart’s too often. Still wake up in a cold sweat, a vision of your blood-streaked face burnt into my retina. Still have to - “ John’s voice trembled a little “-check that you’re breathing.”
“Nicely put, Sherlock.” John muttered, as they dragged her to the kitchen table. “You stay with her, I’ll make the tea.”
“It’s true, what she writes - wrote - for both of us, this marriage was the life we thought we wanted. But I was wrong. After we got married, things were worse than ever, because that’s when I realized - I couldn’t fall in love with her. I didn’t want her or the feigned normalcy or the settled life I’d always craved. I wanted you, and I still do.”
Over the next few days, Sherlock buried himself in his work. Everywhere John looked, he saw flashcards, files and post-its. Rosie wasn’t neglected - when John wasn’t home, Sherlock talked to her, as if her baby knowledge could shed some light on the mess. John hadn’t seen him this manic in a long time, and he was glad that Sherlock was somewhat returning to normal. He hadn’t been the same since they’d found out about Eurus.
“Er, thanks, Mrs Hudson.” John said, sitting down at the kitchen table. He had a full-blown headache now. “Listen, could you make us a spot of breakfast? I’m really not up to the task of cooking and Sherlock - you know how he gets when he’s on a case. He’ll set the kitchen on fire.”
“No. I sent him off the day she died, then packed up and went to my brother’s for a bit. I couldn’t…”
“How easy it must be for him.” Mycroft mused. “To be able to rest at will. To turn his brain off whenever he wants.”
A silence hangs in the air between them. Sherlock expects him to say something else, but no comments come. He takes a moment to look at the doctor. His injured hand still obscured, but the redness in his eyes combined with the dark circles underneath them seem much more prominent than before.
Sherlock pushes the thought out of his head. The afternoon sunlight was already sitting lower in the sky than Sherlock expected. He had slipped into his mind palace shortly after Rosie went down for a nap and was not expecting it to be so late in the day.
Sherlock had always valued the work above everything else. It was above menial tasks like eating and sleeping. It was certainly above sentiment. Sentiment just got in the way, impaired people’s judgement, lead them into compromising situations that should have logically been avoided.
He needed to get a handle on himself. This was unacceptable. He had no right to act like this. To feel like this. He loved them both dearly and would just need to accept whatever happened. As soon as John got home, they would just need to discuss. Perhaps they could come up with an interim solution? Sherlock focused on calming down his breathing once again so he could go to his mind palace to strategize.
“Yep. That’s me. Brilliant deduction” John says with a slight laugh, again with that smile that’s so clearly put on. A quick glance over his person explains the peculiar gait. He’s drunk.
John stares at the screen as if willing Sherlock to respond to him. He feels his pulse quicken as the ellipsis indicating Sherlock typing appear. They appear and disappear a few times before John feels his phone vibrate.
“Donovan, stay with Ms. Westbrook” Lestrade shouts as he tries to catch up with John. He retraces Sherlock’s steps, reaching the end of the corridor he had turned down only to find another set of stairs, these ones apparently leading to the roof. Taking them two at a time, he reaches the door to the roof which is hanging slightly ajar. He pushes it open and his blood runs cold as he sees Sherlock lying motionless on the ground.
Sherlock meets John’s eyes just in time to see them widen before John falls to ground as 2 more gunshots ring through the tiny room.
“Some kind of barbiturate. Lab’s still running tests to confirm what exactly it was, but they’re pretty sure you’ll be fine. No long term effects.”
feel like touching his soul. For the first time, he felt like his life mattered for something other than by being a vessel for the work. If he had to choose between keeping John safe and the work, he would chose John every time. Without hesitation. He loved him. He loved John Watson.
Sherlock’s hand grabs the door handle in a flash and suddenly they are off. Sherlock bolts after the man in the black hoodie, tearing down the corridor.
John laughed without humor, “I knew I should have stayed at the bloody pub. I knew coming back was a mistake.”
John dials Sherlock again, anxiously picking at a loose thread on his jumper as the tones cut off into the voicemail. John slams his fist down on the arm of his chair, wincing as he knocks open one of the cuts from hitting the wall earlier in the night. His anger begins to dissipate into concern and frustration. Sherlock’s almost certainly in a right state, though he has no clue what that might be, and he could easily be in danger.
“All right?” Sherlock asks startling John, who seems to click out of whatever he was looking at on the computer.
“Do you not remember? You went after Marone on your own, and when I got to the roof, he had drugged you with something. We had no idea what it was.” John tells him.
This wasn’t new information. He had known this for a very long time, since their first case, if he really thought about it. He would go to the ends of the earth for John Watson.
John thinks with a scowl. “Tea?” John asks as gestures to the kitchen, desperate for a distraction and making tea seems to be the one thing that he can’t possibly mess up.
Sherlock stares at the ceiling intently, trying to remember. “The last thing I remember was the cab ride to the school.” Sherlock confesses, still slightly short on breath. “What drug?”
“What?” Sherlock says flatly. "That’s… That’s what’s caused all this?” Sherlock waves his hands around dramatically, causing his coat to swirl around him again as he stumbles a bit from the motion. “I know I’ve called you an idiot before, but this… This surpasses my expectations, really…” Sherlock chuckles darkly.
“I should have realised without you having to spell it out for me. Not only having to completely change your lifestyle when it comes to experiments in the flat, but on top of that, having a screaming toddler vying for attention, which is distracting and… I didn’t realize we were imposing—“
It’s with a sudden, deep pang that John understands what Sherlock was talking about. His drug addled brain must have been bringing up a concern he had been hiding to the forefront of his mind. Only speaking it now because of the lack of inhibitions the drugs gave him.
“Space, what? Since when do you care about Space? I thought you deleted most of that.” John tries to keep Sherlock engaged in the conversation to keep him awake.
He opens the bottle of scotch and takes a long swig, choking a bit at the burn of the alcohol, but he continues to drink, attempting to just get it over with. After he’s downed about half the bottle, he puts the cap back on it and slides down the wall, putting his head in his hands. He feels the same panic he was feeling at Baker Street wash over him.
There was nothing that could be done until he was in hospital and had a tox screen, so John tries to distract himself from all the various thoughts on what Marone could have drugged him with.
“So, I just don’t get a say in this?” Sherlock can hear the hurt leaking into John’s voice. “You’re just going to decide that you know what’s best for me? I thought we established that that was a terrible idea when you played dead for 2 years.” His usual anger about the time Sherlock was away was no where to be found. John takes a step towards Sherlock, but Sherlock matches it with a step backwards. “Sherlock, I can’t… I can’t do this on my own.” Sherlock feels a pang in his chest at that.
“Sherlock?” A familiar voice says, and he relaxes a bit. John is here. “Sherlock, you with us? You okay?”
Sherlock’s recklessness and the work were not conducive to a safe and happy life for John and Rosie, no matter how much effort he put in. No wonder John was so anxious to get away from him. Sherlock was always going to be a liability in their lives, and John, as usual, was just trying to do the right thing.
When John finally makes his way down the stairs he sees Sherlock holding a book, reading to Rosie, making dramatic faces and voices for each of the characters causing her to giggle.
As he slips through the door of the abandoned building a few miles off from Baker Street, he feels his phone vibrate.
Deep down, Sherlock knew Mary dying was his fault. His recklessness had directly resulted in her death, and though John had said otherwise, he couldn’t help but doubt that John could ever forgive him for her death. That coupled with the constant threat that hangs over their head daily explains why the change in John became so noticeable in the hospital.
“I’m remembering the governor” Sherlock says as he begins his countdown, pointing the gun under his chin. He tries to hide the wavering in his hands, but his body is betraying him. He knows that this is his only option, but that doesn’t make him any less scared. He doesn’t want to die, but he knows he can’t live with himself with the alternative option.
John felt like he had all the air knocked out of him. Everything was going to have to change. He was going to lose the singular tether he had to his absurd version of normalcy. Again.
Sherlock walks quickly through the park. He knows if he goes to any of his normal spots to seek out a fix, Mycroft could intervene and that’s the last thing he wants to deal with tonight. He stops off and grabs a bottle of scotch from a store on the way. Not ideal, but it would keep Mycroft from prying and allow him the escape he needed tonight.
Sherlock fades in and out of consciousness on the ride to the hospital eventually settling into a stupor that has John on edge, but focusing on the steady rhythm of his vitals helps stop the panic that is threatening to overtake him.
. The tricky part was that it worked too well, and now sentiment had somehow creeped in and made an unwilling home in Sherlock.
Sherlock thinks it fascinating the level of detachment he is able to feign as he knocks on Molly’s door. Years of playing roles and undercover work are playing heavily in his favor tonight. He’s just got to keep the act up. After a moment, Molly opens the door, and blinks in surprise followed by a quick smile.
“I said I would babysit Rosie, not the pair of you.” She says with an edge to her voice that he’s only heard twice before. “Phone him. I’m really worried.”
John thinks back on the conversation he had with Sherlock. Was he trying to tell him anything about where Marone went or was he just rambling? Why did he keep talking about space and Baker Street?
“What for?” Sherlock spits back with feigned innocence and a shrug. “It doesn’t matter anyway.” He’s much less successful with keeping the fake light tone on the second bit.
“What? What do you mean?”  Sherlock, don’t you dare. Don’t go to sleep” he says sternly as he checks his pupils for irregularities.
He sees a flicker of light on the street from the corner of his eye. He follows it to the window of the flat, where he sees the curtain shift. Brilliant. So, John knows he’s back; no point in trying escape again now. He takes two more steadying breaths.
Sherlock opens and closes his mouth a few times, unsure of what to say. “I suppose.” He says finally.
“Considering I’m laying in a hospital bed, I’d venture to say no.” Sherlock quips, gaining the expected half laugh from John. “What happened?”
Now that that crisis is averted, John needs to find Sherlock. John pivots and starts running back the way he came.
Sherlock didn’t like that at all. John is clearly fleeing. John doesn’t flee, it’s not his style. He faces danger head on, to a fault even. So why is he avoiding him? He waits until he’s sure John is well beyond turning back distance and grabs John’s laptop. What was he so startled and eager to close once Sherlock started paying attention again? With a few clicks, Sherlock checks the browser history.
“Right, well. I’m going to bed.” Sherlock says with a turn with more flair than strictly necessary. His coat spins around him. Ah. He’d forgotten to take it off downstairs.
Sherlock huffs. “Come on, John. You must see it. I thought that’s why you were so desperate to get away from me. It’s not safe around me, John and it never will be. Look at you, you look like hell —“
“Yes, thanks.” Sherlock responds between making another funny voice that sends Rosie into shrieks of laughter. A sight that would usually cause his heart to warm sends John sulking into the kitchen feeling utterly lost.
“Good morning, Watson.” He smiles at her. “We’re gonna let daddy sleep a bit longer, so you and I are going play, alright?” Rosie giggles as Sherlock kisses her hair once more.
The alcohol mixed with guilt turn John’s stomach, and before he knows it, he’s heaving in the toilet.
He waits a few more moments, feeling angrier than he has about the whole ordeal the longer he waits. After a minute of no response, he sends another text.
“Interesting. Truly.” Eurus cocks her head to the side as she stares at him through the monitor looking deeply fascinated.
Sherlock laughs sarcastically, already poised to be on the defensive for this conversation. “Oh, please. If you’re allowed to drink scotch, so am I.”
At that, Sherlock smirks. That’s probably true. He’s probably in a right state. He’d been prepared for his world as he knew it to crumble before his very eyes, and must have looked like it.
Without thinking, Sherlock takes off downstairs and throws his Belstaff over his shoulders before disappearing into the night.
“You’re staying until you’re cleared by a doctor who isn’t me.” John says with a slight edge of his captain voice, shutting down any protest that Sherlock was preparing to make.
Panic creeps into John throat. “Sherlock Holmes, you are NOT going to talk like that, you are gonna be fine.”
“After being presented with the critical facts and a nearly identical experiment just minutes ago, you failed to draw the connection between your actions and the consequences. You failed to choose one, so I’m afraid you get neither.”
. The only thing keeping him alive during his 2 years away was the thought of keeping John safe and returning to the only glimpse of happiness Sherlock had ever really known in his life. Those months before the fall had not been perfect by any stretch, but for the first time, he felt the wisps of what happiness
was always going to happen. I’ve been worrying about what we would do when that happened because I didn’t want you both to leave.” Sherlock snaps his mouth shut, concerned he’s already said too much.
He and John had explicitly agreed that they wouldn’t keep secrets from each other anymore, knowing the kind of chaos that those secrets could cause, so why is John keeping something from him? Sherlock felt the same nagging sensation in the pit of his stomach that he felt at the hospital. Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just watches John in confusion laced with a hint of panic.
“This isn’t like before, I—It doesn’t matter.” Sherlock says as he pulls the collar up on his coat. “Thank you, Molly.” Sherlock says as he rushes towards the door, hoping to escape Molly’s prying eyes before she understands the true gravity of the state he is in, though he is fairly certain he has already been seen.
Adrenaline coursed through his veins; he was in no condition to fight off any intruder, still not fully recovered from his earlier panic attack. Sherlock pauses for a moment, realizing there’s something familiar about the footfalls. A second later, the door to the flat opens and John trudges in, without Rosie in tow.
There’s no way he is going to get out of this unseen. To hell with it then. He scoops her up and kisses her hair. “You’re so precious.” He whispers into her hair. “You’re going to grow up and be the best of all of us. I just know it.” He pauses a moment before putting her down, taking in as much data as he can. Before he moves away completely, he swoops back around and begins tickling her, causing a fresh peal of laughter. He’d surely have a lot of reorganization to do in his mind palace after tonight, and he wanted to make sure he had Rosie’s laugh stored away one last time.
“A vampire. As far as anyone in my family can figure, I underwent about half the turning process. I'm first human to come out of it alive, actually.”John smiled and shook his head. “Which makes me...” He trailed off, and Sherlock spoke for him.
John woke to the feeling of gravity, as he was gently pulled back on the hotel bed. As he grudgingly opened and rubbed his eyes, he noticed Sherlock sitting cross-legged behind him, tapping away on his laptop.
“Do you... hear anyone being murdered?” Lestrade asked John while the Holmes brothers walked ahead of them, looking down the dark roads around them.
“Ouch,” John said, putting a hand over his heart and feigning shock. “And to think, I was going to buy you lunch.”
John shook his head. “Are the fallout shelters prepared? I don’t expect this to last much longer, but I want you to direct everyone underground if things go sideways.”
“Killing innocent humans? Drinking your way through London? Which part?” John asked, exasperated, and Sherlock shot him a warning look. It was an expression that said ‘cool the sarcasm.’
Despite the extensive collection of old texts, the rest of the room was a shining beacon of modern technology. Molly had settled into a desk at the center of the room, with two computers monitors and more electronic equipment than she had names for on the desk in front of her. She had her own computer as well, and began to lay out the notes she had copied from John the last time she had seen him.
John stared at her, mouth slightly open, then let his head fall into his hand, chuckling in disbelief. “Why am I surprised? There's no reason for me to be surprised. It's -” He paused and looked at the people still standing behind him. “Are you lot going to sit down?” He gestured at the other chairs around the table, which the group still stood a safe distance from. Taking the lead, Mycroft hung his umbrella over the back of an adjacent chair and sat down, quickly followed by the rest of John's companions.
“Hello,” the vampire returned, drawing her eyes down towards the nape of the woman's neck and smiling lazily. Molly blushed.
“We should go. We can drop you off at home, Molly – it's probably a good idea if you stay there for a few awhile. Sherlock's brother and Lestrade are joining us, we're going to try and sort this out tomorrow night.”
“Yes, and at one point attached to a human body, which was also under her care,” John said, pointing out what he hoped was obvious, “So you owe her.”
“Which, I should point out, you're taking remarkably well,” John said. “That, and learning that vampires exist. I shouldn't have expected you to panic.”
Sherlock didn’t bother answering John with more than a huff, and started walking towards the nearest underground entrance. By the time they had finished their drinks, they were well on their way to what Sherlock’s map promised was the correct location. Twenty minutes longer, and they were on a new street, in a new area, attempting to locate the park they were searching for.
John, who was staring intently at the cushion of the chair whose back he was gripping, stared blankly back at him, unsure if he was serious.
him, looked away again. He slipped a hand into a pocket and began to type quickly. Greg was about to feel put out, but was immediately handed Mycroft’s mobile.
John glanced around the room, and accepted that there was nothing further he could do to delay their departure. He wondered if the pair of them would ever return.
John looked around at his companions. “We should probably get going. Not to safe to stay in one place too long.” He turned back to Jane as he stood. “Especially if we're being followed.” He moved forward and offered Jane his outstretched hand.“Williams.”
“I thought it would look worse,” John said, eyeing the plywood boards that covered the windows of the sitting room.
Sherlock waved for a waitress, who walked over shyly. From the way her eyes flicked between himself and John, it was clear she was a fan of the blog. Sherlock, averse to ‘fans’ as he was, was pleased - he could at least use it to his advantage.
“Came in last night,” Lestrade answered, eager to be helpful. “Twenty-eight, male, a postal worker. Doesn't seem to have any connection to the other cases.”
John looked at his hands as he continued to speak. "No, it's definitely just a legend. What I'm trying to get at is that hunting the undead for god knows how many centuries has put my family in close contact with vampires. As you may have noticed, vampires are inherently vengeful creatures, and can hold a grudge for decades. The Van Helsings are the greatest enemies of vampires as a whole, and can count nearly every Old One and coven leader as an opponent.
As he padded through the hall, still not entirely in the realm of the waking, he heard another scream outside. That one, without a doubt, was a scream of pain. He paused, and as he took in a breath he felt the rapidly beating hearts around him. Panicked breaths, quick footfalls, and more bodies outside than should ever even be on the base. Something was definitely wrong. As John ran down the hall and jumped down half a flight of stairs to the next landing, questions flooded his mind. Someone should have woken him, and the exterior alarms should have gone off. He half-imagined he was in a particularly vivid nightmare, until his progress across the foyer of the officers’ barracks was swiftly halted. Crashing hard, John landed on his elbows and narrowly avoided biting his tongue as his teeth snapped close.
“Just a second,” John said, and stepped in to the kitchen before he could be stopped by Mycroft. Moments later, he returned and looked at him. “All right. After you.”Mycroft's eyes scanned his face, and seemingly not seeing what he was looking for, walked down to the waiting car.
In the end, John opted to stand, stake still in hand. The battle had gone silent, the soldiers solemnly watching their captain, and the newborn vampires moaning under chains of silver.
In a final act of self preservation, John, limping, managed to stand and turn back to face the entrance to the camp. He remembered how excited he was to arrive the first time, to be driven through the gates with the knowledge that it would be his to protect and govern. Now, watching it burn through a wall of heat and flame, he felt that dream turn to ash. Shrapnel, propelled by intermittent explosions, continued to whip across the air, and though John knew it would be wise to back away, he walked forward. When the first warped projectile struck his leg, he hardly noticed. It was only when a piece of thick glass struck his abdomen that he finally fell to his knees.
The fog, thicker here than it had been on the road, made the interior of the barn dark enough that Sherlock couldn’t see where John had landed until his eyes had adjusted slightly. Before he could see his companion, he heard him.
After the amount of time it took for a single beat of John's heart to pass, the two men were attacking one another. The pair moved more quickly together than the other vampires had, and even John's reaction time seemed to change as he met and blocked the hits that came at him. Anticipating the clawed hand that was coming towards his face, John pushed Thomas's hand out of the way and with his own hand struck the vampire hard enough to turn its head unnaturally far to the side.
John’s slowly rocking hips, unfamiliar at first, gradually developed a feeling in Sherlock’s body that he was unaware could even exist. When John’s hand moved between them to grasp his cock, he let out a moan before he could control himself. Clearly aroused by this vote of enthusiasm, John picked up his pace with a grunt and gasped as Sherlock dug his nails into his back and dragged them down, very nearly drawing blood.
“You’re in charge, though?” Lestrade asked, trying to reassure himself that he did not need to panic completely quite yet.
John shook his head, jittery, and nearly leapt out of his skin when the hotel phone, on the table, started ringing loudly. Greg and Sherlock stopped moving and watched him as he read the caller ID.
“Then you know that in this instance, your best option is silence. Consider what you saw merely another nightmare. Something that never took place.”
“Your friend Gregory is correct,” George replied, leaning back and staring at John with his cool, grey eyes. “Any number of things could await us in Romania, regardless of whether or not Jane was correct in her assessment of the situation.
“No, but I'm fairly certain what will be waiting for you if you don't give me something to work with,” John replied.
“I'm afraid that's all I've got for you, John. Just a dead end. Oh, and,” she said, grinning as she pulled out a piece of paper from her jacket. “For you.”
“Anyway,” Moriarty said, backing off with a grin. “The notes are difficult to read, but it’s clear there are three steps for creating daywalkers. We’ve had some trouble with the first,” he said, smiling knowingly at Sebastian.  “Moon phases are a tricky thing, but it seems the verdict is that it needs to be on a particular moon. And we’ve tried full moons, new moons, moons in between. What we’ve needed was a Black Moon. Which, coincidentally, is happening tonight. Care to guess the next step, Doctor Watson?” Moriarty asked, wheeling back towards John, pacing like a caged animal.
“Sherlock and I can be at the morgue in about twenty minutes, we were just getting ready to go,” John said, and nodded at Sherlock, who was pulling on his gloves.
“Watch,” Sherlock said, then pressed play. John walked around to Sherlock’s other side, and from there the group watched the video reveal Sally Donovan creeping in through John’s bedroom window. She was still human (John could see that much from her subtle but regular breathing), but with a glazed-over sort of look in her eyes.
to let you go, because right now, I really don't,” he began to pace, walking behind his chair and putting the glass down on the end table. His eyes, which never left Mycroft, were darker than the politician had ever seen them. In the moment of silence he had, Mycroft took his chance to analyze John. Although his memories still felt distant and disconnected from him, he was sure that he had made contact with John's neck earlier in the evening – the blood covering his jumper was proof of that.
“There is nothing left for me in this world,” Mycroft said quietly, with a hint of the humanity he had tried so hard to repress in his mortal life.
“Call Lestrade in the morning, tell him I'll take the case,” Sherlock said, head bowed as he stared at a set of slides in front of his microscope. John, just grateful that his flatmate had taken an interest in the victims, didn't protest the order.
John sighed. “Sorry, Greg. Hopefully this will be over quickly. If you do have to head back, though…”
“Not entirely,” he said softly, and walked over to the desk. Seemingly indifferent to the prisoners in front of him, he began looking through some of the papers on the desk. He glanced towards Moriarty. “I was not expecting guests. Are we still on schedule?”
“I’m sure everyone in Romania will be fine. They do this for a living, after all,” Sherlock said, sighing. He plugged one of the cameras in to his laptop and focused on the screen, transferring the videos that had been taken over the last several days. He was attempting not to be flippant, but didn’t know how else to comfort the doctor.
“Never trust the coffee from a cheap hotel,” John said as he stood up, drinking the rest of his mug in one gulp. “It’ll make you suffer more than any vampire.”
“His -” George paused and shifted in his chair, grasping the head of his cane once more. He looked at John. “John Hamish Watson, do tell me that Sherlock has been made aware of his brother’s condition.”
“No, not kidnapped,” John replied, sitting up and resting his forearms on his legs as he ran a hand across his face. In the moment that he knew he was supposed to spend picking a reasonable lie, John looked at his friend properly. Occasionally he would catch Sherlock when he was unguarded, at the times when his face was free from stress, the lines of his face no longer drawn in thought. He looked so much younger that way. And now, seeing the relaxed, softly smiling expression of his best friend, he felt the pit at the bottom of his stomach grow, and his heart grow heavier.
Sherlock, still a little bewildered by the encounter, cleared his throat and began walking with John towards the door, not quite sure where the other man was going.
The doctor murmured as he pressed himself against Sherlock, his mouth slightly open, and his lips brushing softly against the detective’s neck.
John glanced back at his friend as he walked towards the stairs to his bedroom. “Going to bed. Go back to studying your blood.”
“He left me for dead,” John said, finally looking up at Sherlock. “Couldn’t have been bothered to put a bullet in me properly, that’s how hopeless I looked. For all his hatred, I think what he disliked most was being under orders to kill me. He’d be happy to do it, but only if he were doing it of his own volition.”
“I’m sure you will,” John replied, winking, and began to make a path through the melee. The young vampires, who had formerly seemed slow and zombie-like as they got their bearings, were now moving quickly, fighting with hands and fangs, taking down humans whenever they could. Still under Harker’s spell - clearly Mycroft hadn’t been able to stop him quite yet.
Five minutes and one awkward conversation with the desk clerk (a man in his fifties who clearly wasn't impressed with having his nap disturbed) and the pair had obtained a room key. John had run down to the hall to grab some snacks and water from a vending machine, leaving Sherlock to unpack the few belongings they had brought with them. Pulling out John's notes from his bag. He glanced over them quickly, noting the locations that John had circled.
Sherlock still hadn’t spoken, and was not used to that change of pace. However, he also recognized when John was in the middle of formulating a plan. Seeing his flatmate work through his ideas felt excruciatingly slow, but for once Sherlock knew better than to comment on it. Eventually, John looked back up at George, and raised himself up to his full height.
“I will not let you use these people whose lives you’ve stolen to start this war for you,” John said, setting his jaw and clenching his fists. It was almost time.
“I think that’s it for me today. Night,” John said, nodding at Sherlock and pulling off his shirt, dawdling over to his bed. Sherlock looked away, uncharacteristically embarrassed, as John worked at his trousers.
“Um,” John said, looking past Sherlock at Mycroft and Lestrade. Greg looked as though he had just had a panic attack, and wondered if that was the cause for Sherlock's sudden change in mood. His flatmate's protectiveness came out at the most unexpected times. “I... probably should, yes. Right,” he said, taking a deep breath as he shrugged off his coat, hanging it carefully on the edge of the chair. Despite his care, it was not the coat, but a minor cut in his hand that dropped a small bead of blood to the floor. With a grimace he ran the hand over his jeans and pressed on. “Sit down, Sherlock,” he said and gestured to his friend's usual chair.
“All right,” John said, nodding. He glanced around awkwardly and moved towards his bag. “A quick change of clothes and we can go.”
“The only vampires London has anymore are very good at hiding what they do. The only time a mature vampire would leave a body behind would be if it were trying to create a new vampire, and failed. Turning has its risks, obviously, but for a practiced vampire it becomes easier  - say for every ten people that are turned, one dies in the process. A pretty good success rate, as it goes, but it's rare for a vampire to attempt to create any more than two. There have been four deaths so far, not counting the ones you're responsible for.”
With eyes rimmed in red, and the sunken appearance John knew signified a vampire that hadn't fed in far too long, the creature slowly walked forward. Its head tilted to the side and its yellowing teeth dripping bloody saliva, the creature observed John and Sherlock, who were both stepping as far towards the back of the room as they could.
Sherlock seemed to stand up straighter, and any sense of excitement for that night fell away. His face became set and serious, and his hand - previously tapping on the band of his watch - stilled. He now had a  stake in the game.
Exhilaration won out over the rest of his competing emotions, and Sebastian laughed. “Impressive, for a man who can barely stand.”
Sherlock turned away and slouched down in his seat, occasionally throwing a glance at John. John attempted to ignore him, and instead picked at a crack in the lining of the car door. Soon, they were home.
“Tomorrow evening,” he stated. He glanced at the map, and closed the laptop with the tips of his right hand. “We’ll begin looking then.”
“About a decade ago there was a billiards table in here,” He added absently a few minutes later, frowning as he looked around the room. “We should probably do something about him,”and nodded towards the struggling vampire.
“Ready?” He asked. John nodded as best he could, and pushed away from the creature. Sherlock immediately stepped in with the pole, and pressed it against the monster’s neck. Despite feeling nails dig into his wrists, he continued to press downward until he felt skin separate. He closed his eyes and continued downward until the pole lay flat against the ground. He looked into the unmoving face below him, stood, and pushed the head away harder than he intended.
The mouth of the vampire twisted into a horrifying smile as it remained silent, stepping closer forward.
“George, you know I respect you more than anything – you were a father to me when my own family couldn’t be there. In all other circumstances I am content to follow your orders, but this has gone on too long.”
“Is that why you have the fangs?” Lestrade said, pointing at John's mouth, which now appeared human and normal.
The vampire lurched forward once more, only to be pulled back. Sherlock pulled out a knife from his pocket just in case the chains failed.
“Moons,” the vampire said, laughing maniacally and throwing his head back, snapping his head down to look at John with bloodshot eyes. “You have no idea yet, do you? No idea what's coming for you,” he said, and continued to laugh.
The air conditioning in the train made a soft hum, clicking on just as Greg was about to nod off. He opened an eye and glanced to his right, where Molly had already fallen asleep. At least she was managing to get some rest. Mycroft's eyes were closed, but one hand was tapping on the seat to his left; not asleep either, then.
