: very slight religious (Christian) imagery. If anyone is uncomfortable with it, please let me know, I'll remove it.
“No!” Steve shouts, unable to hold back any longer, “No, not him! Don’t you dare go near him! I’ll kill you!”
There are sounds coming from the direction where Steve is strapped to the gurney, but they’re far from reassuring. Steve is hurting himself now, Tony’s sure of it, and it breaks his heart.
“This here, Stark, is our very own invention, unlike you we didn’t even need to steal it from better minds,” the scientist continues, not even having the courtesy to wait until after Tony’s managed to blink the tears out of his eyes.
“We’ll see, won’t we, Captain. Since you’re in such a chatty mood, why don’t you tell us something a little more intimate? We can account for your presence almost by the minute, and yes, we have had you under heavy surveillance, no need to look so shocked-” The chucklehead brags even though Steve is sure his face is just twisted with the effort of not blurting out how annoyingly nasal the guy’s voice is. “-where do you go every Tuesday evenings at 7 pm sharp such that none of our agents have been able to track you down?”
“Wow, that was really impressive,” Tony interjects, drawing the guy’s attention away from Steve. “I could have sworn that was just plain old torture just now.” He lifts his chin, forehead creased, as if he is deep in thought. “Don’t you agree, Cap? I faintly remember reading that Hydra used the same techniques back in the good old days and boy was it effective back then. Not.”
’. He’s not sure this is the right choice, but it looks like he’s got no time to find a better option, as the douchenozzle turns toward him, giving Tony his undivided attention. “Come now, Mr. Stark. A game is only fun when everybody takes their turn.”
And now Steve will confess his torrid love affair with Agent 13, leaving Tony’s heart in the dust. He just wishes he’d be able to cover his ears so he doesn’t have to hear, but he’s still firmly tied. Those bastards really know no mercy.
Steve’s mind is too consumed with horror at the thought of the truth serum actually working that he barely pays attention to Tony’s babble which on any other day would either have him hiding a smile or groaning in dismay.
“See, Captain Rogers, that wasn’t half bad, now, was it,” the villain of the week continues. At least he’s one of the creeps who like listening to their own voice, Tony thinks, even though having to listen to his drivel is its own kind of torture. But at least it’s not Steve screaming and moaning in pain.
“Tsk, tsk, these musclemen. No respect for men of science like ourselves, isn’t that true, Mr. Stark?”
The other man sighs before answering, “It was an art program. One that I may have illegally downloaded.”
Bucky rolls his eyes before continuing, “Pretty boy Stark is the lead in this play, is that a coincidence?”
“Mmm hmm, I should really ask her who’s idea it was.” Tony asks, pulling off a corner of the bread and throwing it at him.
“Really. I am tired of pretending I don’t, like I don’t want to kiss you every second of the day, like I don’t want to hold your hand, like I don’t want to be with you. I want all of that and more. And if we take a quick 4 hour nap, I definitely am going to want to do something with that hard on too.” Tony says with a smirk, his hair adorably messed up from sleep.
“Whatever Buck, lemme grab my coat.”
“Ugh Thad or whoever? What about him?” Sam asks with an eye roll.
“My dear, I saw you up there, you are a born star. There is no one else who can play Marco.” She says calmly and gently, the way you would speak to a small child.
“Already out of here.” Bucky says, giving him one more look before he goes.
He forces himself to stay in bed til 6, when he practically jumps out of bed. He spends the next few hours in the gym, trying to work out some of the anxiety he was feeling. A few broken punching bags later and he doesn’t feel any less anxious, just a lot more sore.
Why the hell would he accept a date with someone he didn’t know? Who didn’t know him? Had the boredom of IT driven him insane?
Suddenly, he sees Steve’s friend outside the door, helping an older woman with directions it looks like. He’s even more handsome in person, wearing a tight brown leather jacket and jeans that do insane things to his ass. But it’s also the wholesome look on his face when he listens to the woman, before pulling out a notepad of all things and writing something down. He tears it off and hands it to her, before waving to her as he turns and enters the store.
“You are such a bad liar Steve. Come on, let’s just get this over. How did I embarrass myself even more?” He asks with a smirk.
“Come on Tony, let’s put you to bed before you say something too embarrassing.” He says, trying to lead Tony off of the table.
Thank you for reading, feel free to leave notes!
“As I was saying, this is our final week before the show premieres, which means the only people allowed in here are the people who are actually a part of the play. We don’t need friends or fans distracting all of you.” She said dramatically, as though this was a Broadway premiere and not a high school production, where the audience would be more family and friends than critics.
“I was going to say, I don’t need a song sheet. I know the song Ms.Dale.” He says, with a cold smile to the other boy. Even though he knew in a million years, he wouldn’t actually do the play, he can’t help but to show off a bit for the other man, who obviously thinks he’s king of the theatre.
“Not really, I used to weigh about 90 pounds and had asthma. Then I grew up a bit.” He says, trying not to sound like he’s bragging.
“You are so drunk Tony Stark.” He says with a laugh, feeling his shoulders suddenly untense. Its amazing how instantaneous he feels him relax the second he comes home.
But the one scenario his mind couldn’t seem to shake, the one it fixated on and wanted more than anything in the world, was the possibility that Tony really meant it.
“She was boasting about how she could drink anyone under the table, so how could I not.” Tony says, swaying a bit on the table.
“Doesn’t matter Bird Brain, now tell me Steve, what was it?” Tony asks, crowding him near the counter.
What did Tony mean by that? Was it another drunken musing or did he really have a clue that Steve felt more than just platonically about him? Is this something they would need to talk about in the morning or would he not even remember?
“Let’s just say I’ve been in a fight once or twice. Not necessarily about being outed but about some kids in the neighborhood using some offensive terms.” He admits, perhaps downplaying how many incidents there had been.
“Please, nothing embarrasses me anymore.” Tony says with a laugh. He immediately heads for the coffee machine, looking at it like its his lifeline.
“You are so sweet Steve. And smart. With like, knowing common stuff. And hot, you are very hot.” Tony babbles, holding onto his hand.
“I think you’re attractive too.” He whispers as he pulls away slightly. He can see the flush on Tony’s cheeks and the searching expression on his face, as though he’s some mystery to figure out.
“I do.” He says, happy to finally say the words out loud.
“Tony! Get out of my bed.” He says, glad the room is dark so the other man can’t see his blush. He had imagined Tony in his bed many times, but definitely never as a drunken accident.
“Yes sir, how can I help?” He asks, cracking a bit of a smile. Normally that’s a question he would expect from someone older, but guessing by his voice he’s hardly in that age bracket.
Steve looked at the other male cast members, wondering who could possibly be a match for Tony, who was easily the best singer and dancer in the school. He was 90% sure this play musical would now resemble Tony falling in love with a piece of wet cardboard more than a love story.
He doesn’t know how to protest again without being insulting, so he relents and grabs the shirt. He gingerly puts it on, terrified he’s going to rip it at any second. It’s beyond skin tight and doesn’t even reach down to his belly button.
“Just waiting for my date to arrive, mind if I sit with you for a moment?” Tony asks with a smile. Tony on a date in the same restaurant, that won’t be distracting at all.
“I’m pretty sure I was the one who screwed it up, it’s probably rude to invite someone to crash your date and then ignore them.” He says, hoping to won’t be too awkward the next time he sees Kurt at work.
“Well. Thank you all boys, for reminding me why you all won your original roles. I supposed that means Mr.Rhodey-” She begins dejectedly.
“I would never hurt you Tony.” He whispers back quietly. Tony looks up at him with a soft, sleepy smile and reaches up, touching his cheek gently.
“I find it hard to believe there’s someone out there who wouldn’t pick you over anyone.” Tony says, putting down the blowtorch and taking off his gloves.
“He paid 100% upfront, so looks like you’re stuck with it.” She says, taking another sip of her latte.
But to be honest, the looks of it alone should make them rethink it.
He gives her a nod, and hears the music begin to swell. The familiar notes come out, upbeat and joyful. He focuses on the empty seats in the audience, pretending there’s not one else in the theatre and begins to sing.
“Oh- yes- let me just-“ He stumbles, dropping most of the tickets and he tries to grab for Tony’s.
“Thanks boss, by the way, can I leave early today?” She asks.
“I know. That’s why I love you Steve.” Tony says, so soft he can barely hear it.
“I am going to-“ Bucky starts before the theater director walks out of the wings and cuts him.
“Well the 1930’s weren’t exactly the most tolerant time...” Sam begins.
“Probably. I’m surprised, you’re usually Mr.Manners.” Tony says with a smile.
“Did you say Tony Stank?” She asks with a snort.
“Steve… I need you to listen to what I have to say very, very carefully.” Sam says, leaning in and looking at him with a serious expression.
“Art school, very nice. New York has some great schools. Is this a photo you took?” He asks, looking closer at the photo. It’s of a blonde man, bare chested, resting on a bed. The light frames and highlights his body, while his face remains half hidden in the shadow. He may not know shit about art but he knows this photo is gorgeous. And so is the man in it.
“Yeah, that’s what it says on the ticket.” He says, pointing to the name line.
“That’s one floor too far!” Tony says, burrowing deeper into the bed.
“Yeah… yeah it does. I didn’t know that you had your eyes on anyone.” He says, swallowing the lump in his throat. He has to admit, he didn’t see this coming.
“Stark Industries tech support, this is Tony speaking how can I help you today?” He asks monotonely. He was bored out of his skull to be perfectly honest. This was his fifth shift doing tech support for his dad’s company, as punishment for skipping out on yet another fundraiser. He had to give his dad props for the creative punishment, this was so mind dumbing he may actually think twice about bailing on the next mandatory event.
“Tony, your bed is literally one floor up!” He says, having to hold onto the blankets at Tony tries to steal them and cocoon himself in them.
“Most definitely.”
“I think my brain stopped working around him.” He admits to his oldest friend.
“Why?” He asks, unsure where Sam is going with this.
“Tony, you know I can’t wear that.” He says, trying to think of any other option. But the only other people in the building at the moment were Nat and Wanda, and he doubted any of their clothing would fit any better.
“Because I like… Tony.” He admits, the words feeling weirdly right as he utters them.
And that’s the last thing either of them say for a long time.
“Taking me to bed huh? Normally you’d have to buy me…” Tony cuts off, a confused expression on his face. He knows that look, like all of the gears in his head are trying to figure out a puzzle. He’s not sure if it was his words or Clint’s memory, but he knew something had clicked for Tony.
Tony considers being embarrassed for a moment but the radiant smile Steve gifts him with makes his confession worth it.
“You gonna carry me like a caveman?” Tony teases, stabilising himself by gripping Steve’s shoulders, legs wrapping around his waist, his robe pooling onto the floor.
I wrote this instead of studying for finals haha
“What the hell do you guys want now?”
Oh god, please, no no more…. Steve thinks to himself, his eyes screwed shut and is treated to the raucous laughter of the scientist.
“You should see this, Stark. Even you and your fellow scientists can’t hold a candle to our brilliance.” The man leers down at Tony, smug superiority dripping from his words. “Oh, my bad. I forgot you can’t see much now, can you?” There is movement and suddenly the room is overwhelmingly bright. “There, better? Wouldn’t want the great Tony Stark to be inconvenienced.”
“Tony!” He warns, unable to do much else.
Tony closes his eyes. He can’t bear to see the disappointment in Steve’s face.
Steve’s eyes, however, tell him differently. Tony knows that look. It says ‘
He wants to start pulling at the restraints, to bite his own tongue off but he knows the more he reacts, the more they know it’s working. He has to remain calm and try to stop the goddamn word vomit.
Still, a corner of his heart is warmed by the idea that Tony genuinely thinks he’s smart… that someone like Tony thinks he’s smart. And if it were any other circumstance, Steve would be flustered by the knowledge but right now, in this situation that he cannot control where Tony is in such obvious danger, the same quirks that endear him to Steve – his babbling, his snark, his wit – are the ones that drive him up the wall.
for all things Steve, Bucky, Tony!
“Okay, you can stop now,” he finally explodes. “Wow, great, that super-juice of yours actually did something, or is Captain America just trying to fool you? Like, let’s say he’s even telling the truth, how can you be sure it was actually the serum making him admit stuff like that?”
Tony tries to look anywhere but at Steve. He tries to ignore the buzzing of the electricity. He tries. But he just can’t ignore Steve’s tortured screams. He’s just not strong enough.
“Pretty thing like you, can’t let your feet touch the ground,” Steve murmurs, and it’s rare that he gets into that mood, where he lets himself indulge in those possessive, somewhat outdated sensibilities. Even rarer still is Tony being completely turned on and receptive to it. Tonight, is one such rare occasion.
The man’s smile turns icy. It sends a shiver down Steve’s spine. “If you insist, let’s continue to the main event. What are the codes for the helicarrier?”
“You. You are the whoever I’m into.” Tony whispers as he pulls away.
He and Sam immediately turn and see Tony standing there, with a incredulous look on his face.
“Oh no, I don’t-” He says in protest, backing away from the song sheet being handed to him.
“So, you are your friend.”He says, instantly feeling relieved and happy. Someone that sweet and that hot? It hardly seemed possible.
“Tony Stank should at least let me add something else to these, they just look weird on their own.” He says, wondering why someone would just order a random bouquet of depressing flowers.
“That cappuccino thing… that was last Tuesday.” Tony says, barely a foot away from him. He feels his heart begin to race and wants to somehow reverse time and take back everything he said.
“So?” Tony asks with a practiced shrug. He knows Tony well and knows this means he’s suddenly questioning what he said.
“Did you see who it was from?” She asks with a smirk.
“Ooh taking me to bed already? Here I thought you’d be the type to buy me dinner first.” Tony says, leaning in closer. He can smell the scotch on his breath and the cologne on his skin, an intoxicating combination.
“It was very funny, and you were very sweet. But I like getting to talk to you when you’re coherent more. I see you already have a drink, can I get you a muffin or something? My mom always told me a gentleman should pay on a first date.” He says, smiling at him coyly.
“Okay, I’m listening.” He says, wondering what Sam could possibly be thinking.
“Really? Normally I’m the last to go to bed.” Tony says, taking a sip of his coffee.
“Hello? Oh this is a real person?” The voice asks on the line with a waiver in his voice.
“Psh you would never. You always take care of me, I know you wouldn’t do anything to hurt me.” Tony says as he finally relaxes in his hold.
He wonders what tomorrow will bring. If Tony will remember any of this, if he’ll play it off like a joke, if they’ll ever talk about this again.
But he had taken the shirt off immediately, realizing it was far too stained and damp to be wearable anymore. Which left him in the unfortunate predicament where he was currently standing shirtless, in a lab that was far too cold, with only one of Tony’s shirts as an option to wear.
“Do that and you’re fired.” Both of them knowing he probably couldn’t fire her if he tried.
He’s sitting at the Starbucks the next day, ten minutes before three, clutching his Americano like a lifeline and wondering what the hell he is doing there.
“Definitely.”
“And that especially means you Mr.Stark, if you could focus more on the play and not flirting with every cast member, stage hand, and adoring fan that comes in here, I would be much appreciated.” She continued, giving the younger man a look.
“Well Steve more of less carried you to bed. Bridal style, I should add. It was pretty entertaining to watch.” Clint rambles, as Natasha rolls her eyes.
“You’ll have to ask Natasha about that, she has more experience than I do.” He says with a chuckle, still wondering what the hell Tony was doing in his room at 4 in the morning.
Tony grabs another chair from a nearby table and he can’t help but admire his graceful movements. No matter what he was doing, he found it difficult to take his eyes off the other man.
“Psh, there is nothing embarrassing about what I am saying. I AM TONY STARK AND I THINK CAPTAIN AMERICA IS ONE FINE ASS MAN! AND SPEAKING OF WHICH, HAVE YOU SEEN THAT ASS?! I WOULD-“ Tony is abrubtly cut off as Steve picks him up and carries him off the table.
And Kurt was nice. He was smart and polite, but it was impossible to compare to Tony Stark.
Zemo looked so pissed that he thought he might be watching Zemo’s supervillian origin story as he stalked off the stage.
“Well that’ll make him blush even more. You know, he’ll probably wanna know what you look like. And who you are.” The other man says carefully.
“Oh really now-“ He says, a snarky reply waiting on the tip of his tongue.
“It’s not porn! And are you really supposed to be telling me your IT horror stories?” The other man asks with a laugh.
“Why not? Not a fan of classic rock?” Tony says with a laugh, gesturing to the AC/DC logo on the shirt.
“Ughhhhhh no thank you. Its embarrassing enough without seeing it in technicolor. Please tell me I didn’t say anything else mortifying to you Cap?” Tony asks, sidling up next to him.
“Suuuuuuuuure sure sure. And it’s definitely easier volunteering to paint a whole ass set than to just talk to him and ask him out.” Bucky says with a smirk.
“Yeah, you.” Tony says with a laugh.
“Annnnnnd they’re leaving.” Tony says as Kurt makes a beeline straight for the exit. He honestly can’t blame him, he invited another man on their date and then proceeded to ignore him.
“I’d like that too.” Tony says, running his hands along his exposed midriff.
He looks up and spots Tony standing there, looking gorgeous in the dim restaurant lighting.
“So we only have a week to work through this, its going to be quite the battle so I hope you’re ready. Luckily Mr.Stark is nearly show ready so we can focus our efforts on you. Do you happen to know any of the other songs in the show?” She asks, picking out a leather jacket and nearly throwing it at him.
He recognizes the voice instantly, having chatted with it for the better part of an hour yesterday.
“You’re not homophobic, the only reason you have a problem with Tony kissing guys is because its not you.” Sam calmly explains.
“You would really rather do this than come play pick up with me and Sam?” Bucky ask, leaning on the wooden wall that he was attempting to paint.
“Well yeah, I mean all of them, but-” He stutters, wondering if she ever stopped talking long enough for him to get his words out.
“He’s old fashioned like that. Old fashioned enough to want to ask you on a proper date to get to know you.” The other man says slowly.
“Thank you.” He replies just as softly.
“Thanks, I appreciate that. I’m one semester away from graduating so I’d really like to not see that all go to waste.” He says, his voice sounding smoother and slower, like he’s calming down. He can’t help but admire how smooth and reassuring it sounds, even across the phone.
He also tries to ignore the little flicker of hope he feels in his chest at Tony’s words. Because he knows Tony is drunk and honestly Tony thinks most people are hot. He just wishes his heart would listen and stop romanticizing every little thing he does.
“I… I’m heading into work. Fury needed to see me this morning.” He blurts out suddenly. He has a pit in his stomach and a terrible feeling Tony just remembered too much.
“Yeah?” He asks, feeling completely clueless as to what’s going on.
“Don’t be embarrassed sir, we all look at porn. And I’m going to be accessing your computer remotely to help resolve this issue, but I can guarantee you I’m sure I’ve seen worse.
He tries to calm his racing heart, assuring himself that Tony would probably barely remember any of this in the morning. Just to be safe, he would sleep on the sofa to not make it any more awkward in the morning than it needs to be.
He feels his throat tighten and has to focus not to crush the pop-tart in his hand. His mind is racing a million miles a minute, but all thoughts lead back to the fact that Tony didn’t remember his confession from the night before.
He laughs as he turns back to Tony. “About that making out.”
“Tony…” He says slowly, breathing out a sigh at the thought of the other man.
“I am, I’m so sorry I lied about it being my friend but I’m get kind of embarrassed-“ Steve begins to ramble.
“Careful, don’t make me drop you.” He says, trying to get Tony onto a different subject.
“Yeah, I have for a while. And I’ve tried everything I can think of to let them know I’m interested and at this point, I think I can conclude they don’t feel the same way.” Tony says, his expression tight.
“Wait Steve, could we talk for a minute?” Tony asks, reaching out to grab his wrist.
“Sorry for screwing up your date.” Tony says with an apologetic smile.
“Don’t be scared, it won’t bite.” Tony says, with a tone that could either be playful or nasty, but riles him up either way.
“Oh Tony, you have no idea.”
“Of 1000% Cap, just thought you’d look good in my clothes.” Tony says with a smirk.
“Uhhhh I was going to put it a little more delicately but something like that.” He says, returning the smile. He was honestly a little jealous of Nat getting to see this man so often.
“Of course I’m in love with him, who wouldn’t be? He’s the best thing about this century and if I had to do it all over again I’d do it just so I could meet him.”
“Well, you know what to do. Staycation mode. Nothing above a ‘fire of doom and gloom’.”
“No, its more than that. Like… I think I may be a little homophobic.” He blurts out, feeling terrible even saying it.
But this was so different. The way he felt for Tony was pure fire and passion, something that was so visceral he couldn’t even put a name to it.
“Yeah, what age was it Stark?” Clint asks as he begins to eat Natasha’s remaining fruit loops.
He stands up, prepared to call out the other man’s name before he realizes he never asked Steve what his friend’s name was. He was so, so dumb.
“Nonsense, we’re practically the same size, try it on.” Tony says, shoving the shirt at him once again.
“Well pretty great to be honest. He’s one of my best friends. I know at first we got on like oil and water, but ever since that fight in New York, its like something shifted. I feel like I finally saw him, the real him. The brave, funny, and kind him. Don’t tell him the kind part, he’ll blush worse than a school girl. Maybe that’s why I’m feeling so weird about this, ever since Thad has been around, I feel like I’m losing him or something.” He says, feeling like a weight is being lifted off his shoulder, finally being able to admit this.
“Still sucks. It’s hard, you know. Growing up back in the day, I could tell pretty easily if someone was into me. And I thought this person might have been, with how they were acting. But everything’s a little less cut and dry nowadays.” He says, hating how ancient he sounds.
“A hot, studious artist, be still my beating heart.” He says, wondering if he’s going too far with all of this.
“Thanks Tony, why don’t I take you to bed?” He says, before groaning internally at the implication of what he said.
“Please don’t tell me New York is being burned down or invaded or something else that could need our attention.” Tony says, still welding the metal.
He kept trying to remind himself, Tony was wasted and he probably didn’t mean half the things he said.
“I… I am so glad I made a great first impression.” He mumbles. Well he clearly didn’t have to worry about Steve thinking he was a suave, cool playboy.
“I… I don’t know what it is, but every time he’s around, I just get this feeling.” He says, even thinking about it makes his stomach clench up.
“You know what, fuck the nap, I think I’m more than ready to get my hand’s on-”
“It’s a nice flower and everything, but it symbolizes separation. I guess if you really want to bum someone out with a bouquet…” He gestures helplessly.
It’s gentle and sweet, and he pulls Tony in closely to make it last. He doesn’t know what will happen after this, so he wants to cherish the feeling of Tony’s facial hair on his cheeks, the feeling of his fair between his fingers, his soft lips onto his.
“Sure, I can look, what’s the name under?” He asks, grabbing the pile of tickets.
“I like you Tony Stark. And I want to be with you.” He says, closing the distance between them and kissing the other man. His lips are soft and gentle, pliant beneath his lips. He pulls him even closer, deepening the kiss as the other man licks into his mouth.
“Ugh yeah, that’s from one of my most recent shoots. I was hoping to be able to turn it in tomorrow but then my computer decided to have a meltdown.” The other man says. He can hear the sounds of the man walking around, and what sounds like cracking open a drink.
“He does. It just took him a while to realize it.” He says softly, leaning in close to the other man.
“That’s- no- I would have noticed that.” He defends. But the words sound hollow even to him, as he begins to think over his encounters with Tony. When he fell for someone again, he assumed it would feel the same it did with Peggy.
“Steeeeeeeeve. Steve move over.” A voice whispers to him in the dark.
“Ah, that makes a lot more sense. And well done on the choices, message very clearly came across.” He replies, surprised the other man knew the meaning behind the flowers.
“Woah woah woah, not so fast, I’ll go, I’ll go.” He says as he walks around the counter.
“Nat, you are going to be the death of me.”
“Uh huh… and do you ever get this feeling at other times? Like when you see other guys kissing or anything.” Sam asks, squinting his eyes in concentration.
“C’mon, did I tell you about how I had a Captain America costume as a kid? How I once puked into a robot I was working on? Until what age I had a night light?” He asks, clearly thinking this is some big game.
That Tony really loved him, and that maybe this could be the start of something.
“Woah woah there, maybe we should get you off the table.” He says as he rushes towards the table and grabs Tony’s hand to steady him.
“Stark. Tony Stark. Or should I say, Tony Stank.” He says with a smirk.
“Ah, Captain, Mr. Stark. I see you are awake. Don’t bother trying to break free. We have designed these restraints with your abilities in mind. The Viper made sure to take each and every precaution.”
Firstly, he doesn’t actually have all the information they seek. SHIELD has done the smart thing by breaking it up and distributing it amongst the team in pieces so that in situations such as these, if one person is compromised, the entire organisation isn’t.
“I would have adopted them all for you,” he blurts out, brain seemingly offline from all the sugar and making him wonder whether they’d given him any of the truth serum to try.
Tony needs a second to process what Steve is actually saying. And another one to realize that his mouth is standing wide open. He closes it with a click of his teeth.
“Maybe the serum needs a little more time,” one of the scientists wearing a white lab coat suggests, earning an angry glare from the guy in charge.
Oh dear, they’re in so much trouble.
Tony can’t help but smile, hands cupping his cheeks as he leans down to press a kiss at the crown of Steve’s hair. He smells like the coconut shampoo that Tony favours.
“You think your truth serum is actually working?” Tony spits out, face twisting into a mask of disgust or anger - he’s not sure which. He just needs to hide his fear. “You’ll never get the better of us!”
, for him to pick Tony up as he got off the barstool, hauling him up into his arms. The less said about the noise Tony lets out in surprise, the better.
This is bad. They can’t keep this up for much longer if Steve is already affected like that. And the truth serum is very obviously doing something to him, considering the insult that comes out completely garbled.
“How utterly plebeian,” the scientist crows. “Don’t worry, Mr. Stark, I didn’t forget your concern about us verifying the veracity of the Captain’s statements. And I didn’t just display this taser for fun. Let’s play a game, shall we? The rules are simple. For every right answer the Captain gives, you will confirm if it is the truth or not.”
Let me know what you think!
“Why don't you focus on your assigned task?” he hisses and turns back to the Captain. “Maybe we’ll start with something a little smaller, as a kind of warm-up if you will.”
“Sure,” Steve pants. He never knew when to just admit defeat, even if it means another beating, another black eye, another round of torture. “I can do this all day.”
“Never knew I’d see the day that Captain America would beg in front of me,” he boasts and oh, oh, Steve said that out loud. He opens his eyes and sees he looks of confusion and fear in Tony’s face and he really really needs to get his crap under control because the way this is going, Steve will end up spilling everything.
“What we want, Captain,” the HYDRA guy says, making a pause for effect, no doubt. It is successful in as far as that it makes Tony apprehensive as fuck. As do the footsteps suddenly coming towards him.
But then the man continues. “I’m sure either you or the Captain will have something to confess during the course of the next few hours. What do you say, the three of us have a pleasant little chat with some tea and crumpets. Well, at least for me. For you it’ll be a nice sip of HYDRA’s finest truth serum.”
Tony’s eyes are fixed firmly to Steve’s face. The man isn’t even blushing. He’s beautiful, all defiant like that, defending Tony even though he is bound and helpless.
“HYDRA,” Steve growls. He had suspected something of the sort, given the drug he’d been hit with and the level of preparation. These weren’t some back alley goons. Still, having evidence of their involvement provides no relief.
“I’d say that’s a Level 3, won’t you?” Tony asks, minimizing the feed and tying up his dressing gown.
“I was s’pposed to cook,” Steve replied but his words lack conviction, especially as Tony scratches at his scalp with his blunt nails. The blond groans and melts underneath his hands. Good.
“My head feels just fine. Guess your newfangled chemicals aren’t as strong as you thought, huh?”  Steve blusters as he watches the man’s approach, a mix of relief and trepidation in his chest. He sends up a prayer of thanks that he’s the one they’ll be giving god-knows which chemicals. He couldn’t stand it if it were Tony.
“We’ll see about that. Where is the shelter, Captain?”
Captain America never swears.
The goon, Corrigan– and what the hell kind of name is that–, wastes no time, just steps close to Steve once more, placing the taser where Tony can’t see and presses the button.
“Oh, gosh, look at you, sweetheart,” Steve breathes out in awe, turning towards him and pulling him close between his knees. Steve Rogers is the only person he knows who finds a freshly showered, messy haired, threadbare dressing robe and socks-clad (because the reactor left him alive and kicking but with shit circulation and his feet get cold, dammit) Tony irresistibly attractive. Which is why Tony chose to greet him like this. Well, that and the surprise he’s hiding under his robe.
Steve huffs a laugh, titling his head back with a long sigh, leaning his weight into Tony. “S’better now that you’re here,” he says, eyes fluttering open as he glances upside down at Tony.
It looks like the guy is finally done talking, though, because he turns towards the cart to slip on a pair of latex gloves. Tony panics. “What, no hour-long soliloquy, no great reveal of your evil plans? Come on, this is a cheap show, I want to complain to management!”
“Okay, yes!” Tony shouts and the buzzing stops suddenly. The noise around him dies and all he can hear is Steve’s harsh panting as all eyes on the room are focussing on him. “Burgers. It’s cheeseburgers.”
“Go fuck yourself, chucklehead. Tony ain’t telling you nothi-” Steve cuts off with a startled shout when the HYDRA scientist shoves the taser into his side. He convulses as electricity courses through his veins and burns him from the inside.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Give it your worst, you ass, I won’t tell. This is between you and me, they’re civilians. They have nothing to do with this. Neither do those puppies,” Steve grits out, knowing he’s overplaying his hand by showing how much he cares but he can’t stop the words from spilling from between his lips. He’s sweating now, his hands trembling in their restraints, his stomach roiling unpleasantly at the impending threat of another electric shock.
They’ve never explicitly talked about lingerie before but Tony had seen the hint of red on Steve’s neck and ears when he’d talked about his earlier forays into kink; especially the heat in his eyes when he’d come across Tony’s deliberately placed catalogue of lingerie for men. So, he knew it would go down well. What he didn’t expect was for Steve to let out a sound that he could only categorise as a
“A colossal idea indeed, Mr. Stark,” the guy replies with a nod towards him. “I guess they don’t call you a genius for nothing.”
the hitch in the blond’s breath when his knuckles graze against lace at his hips under the robe.
The room is pin-drop silent before Steve shuts his mouth so hard his teeth click against each other audibly and the crazy scientist starts laughing maniacally. Oh god…
Tony cards his hands through the sides of Steve’s hair, resting his palms on either side of his face, thumbs stroking his cheekbones. “You haven’t seen anything yet, mon capitan."
With a wave of his hand he motions his goon closer to Steve, taser gun firmly in hand. “How about it, we get another round of electricity in you and try that again?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony hesitates. Is this worth it? He’s not usually one to pick his battles, but maybe he can spare Steve some of the pain and at the same time confuse the ‘men of science’ – as this scumbag had the audacity to call himself – a little.
“I’ll pass, thanks,” Tony bites out, trying not to focus on the goon still armed with the taser.
Okay, this is not good. The truth serum actually seems to be working. He knows Steve. Steve doesn’t say things like that, well, except maybe in Tony’s fantasies, but this is reality and in this reality Steve Rogers doesn’t make raunchy jokes at his own expense.
“Steve-” he starts but is interrupted by the door banging open and lights flaring outside, blinding him momentarily.
Steve feels compelled to speak, words forming at the tip of his  tongue, ready to drop and he can’t stop it. His body is betraying him and he hates how helpless he is, how desperately Tony is begging him. He clenches his jaw shut and feels his teeth clack together more than a little painfully.
Not beta-ed.
“-to provide us with-”
Secondly, he’s an old hat at holding it all in. What’s one more day?
“Wow, such passion for a teammate? Tell u-”
“Well done, Captain,” the menace smiles benevolently. “We didn’t even need you to verify that. Looks like we’re finally making progress.”
Tony protests, “No! Don’t say a word, Steve!”
“Eh, you can take a night off. Plus, I’d rather you let me take care of you tonight.” In response Steve takes hold of Tony’s wrist and tugs at him, urging him to round the stool.
Damn them, Tony thinks. Damn them for asking questions Tony’s always wanted to know the answer to. Hydra isn’t the only one monitoring Steve’s whereabouts regularly - and he’ll have to get JARVIS and Happy on that asap, this cannot stand - but of course Tony does it for the safety of all the people living under his roof. Of course he was never rude enough to spy on the Captain or follow him when he goes out without telling any of them on Tuesday evenings. And he hasn’t dared ask, because frankly, he’d firmly believed it was dates Steve went on and in that case not knowing was better than being disappointed. He thinks. Maybe.
His body is racked with another jolt, his teeth clamping down, biting down on a part of his tongue as he chokes on his scream. Blood and spit obstructs his breathing causing him to hack his lungs out as soon as the taser is removed. His wrists are screaming in agony at the constant struggle against the restraints and he heaves in large gulpful of airs – and for a second he feels like he’s five-foot nothing of health issues – spitting out a glob of blood and spit.
Footsteps shuffling closer and Tony still can’t see a fucking thing!
“Can’t… say I’m v...ery impressed by this new age.. H-Hydra,” Steve pants. “You manufacture a truth serum and th-the only thing you get from us is… I like chee...eeseburgers.  Even the internet will tell you that.”
“Why don’t you take it easy? We’ll order in, help you unwind a little, hmm?”
But wait – it cannot be. This isn’t real. Steve is not in love with him. Tony knows that as surely as he knows that 1+1 does almost equal two.
“This one is much more potent. Don’t worry, it’ll be just a prick.” The man says, leaning over Steve to push back the navy shirt and slide the needle into his vein. “Tsk tsk, stop squirming, Captain. It’ll only hurt you more,” he adds when Steve begins to pull away, his instinctive distrust and reluctance to be poked at by evil scientists rearing its head.
Speaking of, Steve doesn’t dare look over at what Tony’s expression really is. He’ll lose all conviction he has to let this play out if he has to look at the disappointment and disgust on his face.
The voice echoes in Tony’s head as if it’s far away. It sounds familiar though, comfortable, safe.
“I’ll believe that when I see it,” Tony scoffs, showing bravado he doesn’t feel. This is Hydra. They’ll torture out of them any secrets they want to know and as soon as they have everything they want, they’ll keep going, just for the fun of it. “I bet that’s just water in those beakers.” This is important. Keep the bad guy talking. Bad guys love talking, right? Works in all the movies.
“That might not be necessary,” J replies and a live feed pops up of the penthouse kitchen on the nearest blank screen which just happens to be his closet door. Well, damn. That’s worse than he thought.
Come say hi to
These are the words he’s longed to hear for so long, words he’s even dreamed of when he was still a teenager and worshipping his Captain America poster. To hear them now makes his heart skip a beat.
But what changes his mind instantly is Tony’s badly hidden mask of horror and fear. This is better. It better be him than Tony. Tony is the best thing there is to this new world and he’ll be damned if he lets Hydra get their dirty hands on him.
He knows Tony hates being deprived of any of his senses, that it brings back bad memories for him – just like the cold does for Steve – and he wants to give Tony something to hold on to. Hopefully, the conviction he tries to infuse his voice with works, despite the fact that Tony’s one of the only people he’s never really been able to fool.
Oh fuck. This isn’t good. Steve is wriggling against his bonds as if he’s being electrocuted. Which he is, damnit. The taser doesn’t just discharge, it’s a continuous flow of electricity. Tony swallows hard. He remembers the feeling, he’s crossed wires the wrong way all his life, he’s an electrical engineer, for god’s sake, he’s electrocuted himself more times than he cares to think about. It hurts like a motherfucker. He remembers that one time it gave him crazy arrhythmia for a couple days back at MIT.
“If you’d give me a minute and trust in my intellect, I’d have time to work something out!” Steve retaliates, unable to keep the bite out of his tone. He really hates it when Tony deliberately needles him.
God, he’s so weak.
Steve waits a few minutes on tenterhooks, waiting for something – something obvious and debilitating. “Performance issues?” Steve quips, trying to get some of the horror out of Tony’s eyes even if it’s with a juvenile joke. He expects many things, perhaps a backhand by the mook, an increase in dosage, even Tony’s incredulous response to him making a dick joke in the middle of what the genius has dubbed ‘Cap mode’.
“Right away, sir.” JARVIS replies before hopefully going quiet for the rest of the night.
“Wait, you didn’t steal it?” He puts every ounce of haughtiness into his voice that he can muster. “Yeah, okay, hear that Cap, we’ve got nothing to fear.”
Steve pulls away with a gasp, his hands pushing the robe off his shoulders to bare his lover to his greedy gaze, eyes roving all across Tony, who now smile coyly at him. “Oh, sweet lord, Tony. S’that for me?” He asks, unable to stop himself from reaching out and running his fingers across the delicate black lace panties that frame Tony’s hip, bulging with his half hard cock – what can he say, he loves the feeling of the fabric against his skin.
“Take me to bed, soldier.”
He’s been on the receiving end of ways-to-change-your-mind once too often and doesn’t relish the thought all that much. Which is to say, the blood in his veins suddenly runs cold. He’s not sure he’ll survive another round of torture.
Damn, not good.
Steve closes his eyes in despair. He hates that he put Tony in this position, hates the anguish he can see in his eyes even across the darkened room. He hates that Captain America couldn’t hold out for a little longer. They would have gotten tired of electrocuting him and given up sometime; even though his body screams at him for even thinking that, muscles stiff and tense, his heart pumping erratically reminding him of his pre-serum days.
It’s nothing. He’s been through worse. As long as Tony doesn’t smell or see the burning flesh at the point of contact, they’ll be good. He just needs to show him he’s okay.
He needs to get Tony out of here and to safety before he can even consider making light of the situation.
“Jeez, lighten up, you in love with him or something,” the guy holding taser mutters under his breath but the stupid serum and Steve’s filter-less brain takes it as another question to answer.
“Oh, this is not for you,” the asshole says, pressing the button and causing electricity to spark between the electrodes. “If you fail to answer, we will shock the Captain until either you do, or he passes out from the pain. Please do resist, it’ll give us an opportunity to test the limits of the serum.”
If this is the way things are going to go, Tony might as well tell them the codes right now. Seeing Steve like this is a torture all by itself. He’s just lucky that none of the Hydra goons show any interest in him at the moment. Instead all eyes are on Steve.
The man looming above him just visible in the dim light spilling from the open door chuckles as if Tony said something really amusing just now. “I’m sure we have ways to make you change your mind.” The man finally says, voice strangely void of humor. It makes Tony shiver.
have to face the public eye, no pun intended.
Only Steve isn’t that good of an actor. He’s never been able to hide that adorable pink tinge of his cheeks and nose when he’s embarrassed thanks to his beautiful Irish complexion. Tony is a fan that blush, usually.
When Tony makes his way into the kitchen, careful not to make too much noise, he sees Steve seated on a half pulled out stool, slumped forward, a half empty bottle of water next his folded hands, uncapped. He’s still dressed in his Captain America uniform – the one with fewer bells and whistles that he uses for official meetings – has barely gotten his boots, belt, shield and harness off. He hasn’t even twitched at Tony’s entry into the kitchen and he knows it’s not because he’s suddenly acquired Black Widow levels of stealth capabilities.
“Distraction won’t work with me, Stark. I’m not one of those pests you deal with on a regular basis. No, our work is more refined, unparalleled even. Today, you shall be witness to one of our greatest developments,” the scientist continues, unwittingly taking Tony’s bait. “Our work in organic chemistry has brought us many gifts. One of which you experienced already, Captain. Tell me how does your head feel?”  He continues, picking up a hypodermic needle and inserting it into the bottle, filling the syringe with the liquid.
He hopes it’s true. He must be right. The serum must be a hoax and this is all just some clever tactic of Steve to protect Tony and to give the other Avengers time to find them. Because if it’s not, if the serum works, then Steve is going to reveal the codes that will grant HYDRA access to the helicarriers and all will be lost.
The mad scientist is still laughing, confirming Tony’s suspicions that he is happy about more than Captain America making light of five-hour erections. This is so not good.
“There’s no such thing as truth serums. You’re kidding yourself if you think that’s going to work. Like Tony said, he doesn’t know anything. Neither do I. You’re only making things worse for yourself.” Steve grits out, wanting to turn the man’s attention to himself.
His heart breaks and it is probably visible in his eyes, so he doesn’t dare look at Steve. Don’t let them see you hurt, it’s worked for him so far. Mostly.
There’s suddenly a hand on his shoulder and Tony jerks violently, even though he rationally knows he’s got nowhere to go. Whatever these bastards want, they’re obviously very familiar with tactical warfare and mindfuckery.
“That is a very valid point you’ve raised, Mr. Stark. How indeed would we know if the good Captain is not being duplicitous. Perhaps we should put him in a position where he has no choice but to lie, shouldn’t we?” The scientist says, walking over to the tray of implements and picking something up that they can’t see on account of his turning his back to them.
“Who says the torture is to make Captain America talk?” The scientist grins widely.
“At least let me try to get loose, I’ll heal way faster,” Steve adds in a softer tone, apology evident in his words. It’s not Tony’s fault he’s coping the best he can. Steve should be better, should be stronger, should be more alert. He shouldn’t take his anger out on Tony. That he’s saving for the bastards that locked ‘em up in here.
“At the very least,” is the quiet reply.
“Why don’t we up the ante?”
Steve clenches his jaw hard, unwilling to break so easily, to be so weak as to not even resist some stupid chemical. He’s Captain America, he’s got a will of iron…. And he’s opening his fat mouth again, “A good burger but I would kill for one of Tony’s amazing pasta dishes. And chocolate cake. I like chocolate. And sweets. Couldn’t much have any when I was young, cause I was poor and sick all the ti-
Steve growls when the goon starts threatening Tony, his struggles getting more fierce. He makes sure not to make it too obvious though. He knows how this works. If he shows how much the HYDRA scientist’s presence near Tony makes his skin crawl, they’ll use that to their advantage. He feels the restraints digging into his wrists turn slippery with blood, but his attention is zeroed in to where the man has a hand on Tony’s shoulder. He feels so helpless and he hates every second that ticks by with him unable to do anything.
“You… welcome.” He stutters out after the other man.
“Wait, which certain someone am i in this?” He asks, furrowing his brow.
“Oh hi, sorry- We usually have someone working up here but she had to leave early. What can I help you with?” He asks as he more or less barges up front.
“Tony. My name is Tony.” He says gently.
But it wasn’t like he could say that to the other man, ‘don’t get self-concious because I’m ridiculously attracted to you and want to bang you like a screen door in a hurricane’.
He feels like he must still be dreaming, because how often does your crush end up in your bed, confessing their feelings to you like you’ve always wanted.
“Yeah oh. Your room is another floor up.” He says, biting his cheek to stop from laughing.
“Nope. Nothing.” He says, trying to fake a smile. He obviously fails at it, because Tony looks at him with a confused expression.
“I like you too. And I wanna make out with you too. And yeah, Thad is a douche. I was just going out with him because I thought the guy I actually liked could never possibly think of me that way.” Tony says as he walks up to him, getting so close he can smell the cologne on his skin. He feels like he’s seeing him for the first time, truly seeing him.
And it was Valentine’s Day, he couldn’t think of a more appropriate time.
That might make things a little awkward.
“Ahhh tell your friend I’ve also been in a few photos. And he may have heard my name before.” He says, wondering how to go about this. He doesn’t want to lie, but often times he can feel the shift in people when they recognize who he is.
“There is no scientific eviden-“ Tony begins before he cuts off as he nearly falls off the table.
“Just like it’s easier to tell someone you like him than pull his metaphorical pig tails for 8 months?” He retorts, ducking out of the way of a smack that Bucky aims at him.
“Oh. Oh I have seen you before!” The other man exclaims, snapping his fingers.
“I think something is wrong me with.” He blurts out to Sam, as he’s in the middle of chewing on a bite of cereal. It was a relatively quiet morning at the tower and he felt like it was now or never with having this talk with Sam. Sam was one of his closest friends, and he needed some outside perspective on an issue.
“After work then.”
“But you said you made moves on them, and they were turning you down-“ He rambles as his brain tries to make sense at the turn of events.
Not only did he accidentally fall asleep and most definitely not move to the sofa, he was currently spooning Tony in a not exactly platonic way.
“What did they say?” He asks, really not wanting to know anymore but feeling like he can’t stop himself.
“You’re ridiculous Tony Stark.”
He also hears Clint full on laughing at this point and knows he’ll be teased about this in the morning.
“Well I’m going to do my best to get this all working again, can’t let you fail out of art school.” He says, his fingers racing across the keyboard.
“And besides, if that guy is worth dating my friend, I’m sure he won’t give up that easily.” Bucky says with an all knowing smile. The one he kind of wants to punch sometimes.
“So your computer is good to go, tell your friend I’ll see him soon.” He says, signing out of Steve’s laptop.
(See the end of the chapter for
He cringes inside, hoping this doesn’t implode or turn awkward immediately. The second people usually knew who he was, they tended to treat him like a billionaire, playboy, genius and not just him, Tony Stark.
“I thought you were possibly in a competition for the ugliest bouquet ever?” He admits, the only other explanation he can think of.
“No, no, you probably don’t remember but I was walking past Nobu one night and you came outside, well more fell outside you were pretty wasted and I kind of caught you and then you started petting my hair and said I looked like Captain America. Then your driver came and we managed to get you into your car safely. I didn’t even have time to mention though that your pants were ripped in that back.” Steve says, trying not to laugh as he tells the story.
“Well I’ll pass that along. I can tell you he’ll probably blush up a storm at that.” The man replies.
“I- I thought you were just being friendly!” He blurts out, wondering how he could have missed this. He can’t stop the smile breaking out on his face.
And then there was Zemo, who was singing so off key it hurt his ears.
“Go upstairs and sleep in your own bed Tony!” He says, even though he can feel his resolve crumbling.
“Like what? Like thinking he’s a douche, because we all get that. Dude wore $800 loafers to their last date, and you know how I know that? Because he made a point to tell me. Twice.” Sam says with a snort. Thad had more or less become the butt of every joke around the tower lately, and he couldn’t say he didn’t deserve it.
“A muffin would be great. And then maybe you can tell me some embarrassing stories about yourself to make it even.” He says with a laugh, feeling relieved nothing seems to have changed between them.
“Yeah, I have tried everything I could think of to let you know I’m into you, I assumed you were politely turning me down!” Tony says with a laugh, knocking his head against his slightly.
“Then it’s a date.” He says, leaning over and holding Tony’s hand.
“Oh, like the rich people section of the newspaper? I can guarantee that my friend just throws that in the trash.” The other man says with a laugh.
He hears his voice, much clearer and louder than it sounds in the apartment, staying on tempo and belting out the lyrics he knows by heart. He can’t help but glance at Tony, who appears to be in a state of shock, his mouth wide open.
“Well that’s good to know. How can I ever repay you?” The other man asks.
“Well at least he’s paying in full, otherwise I don’t know if I could make myself do this. It’ll be ready by tomorrow.”
The final notes of the song come to a close and then he suddenly feels anxious, standing on the stage with everyone looking at him, nobody saying a word.
“Taking my shoes off, these things hurt after a while. I have no idea how women wear heels all night.” Tony says as he finally gets his shoe off and throws it on the floor.
“What time is it and why’s there a hard on is on my ass?” Tony murmurs softly.
“Later, Tony. Tonight. After work.” Maybe by then he can figure out how to handle Tony gently letting him down and apologizing for what he said.
He immediately blushes and tries to ignore the snickers coming from Clint.
“It really does.” Tony says, finally looking him in the eyes. He looks so sad and broken, it makes Steve forget his own pain for a moment.
It made his stomach tighten every time he thought about it and he felt that giddy rush of hope.
“No, definitely not.” He says with a gentle laugh.
“Black roses? An entire bouquet of black roses?” He asks, ask he barges into the front of the store. He honestly has no idea what kind of person could be asking for the bouquets.
“Tony, I-“
“Just a particularly embarrassing video of you from last night. I told Natasha she should put it on YouTube, but she’s nicer than me.” Clint says, slurping the remaining milk from his bowl.
He looked at the group of guys practicing and secretly rated them. Rhodey may actually have a fair shot at the role, he had a good enough voice but he couldn’t picture him and Stark faking that kind of chemistry after being friends for so long. Thor also had a good voice, but was heavy on his feet during choreography. Loki could dance like a swan but usually refused to share the spotlight so he was probably out. Barton was pretty good at both dance and singing, but he knew he and Tony wouldn’t be able to pretend to be in love for three minutes, much less a whole play. Bruce wasn’t even pretending to practice his lines, he had his role and had refused to audition for anyone else.
“The problem is-” He tries again with another sign before someone else bursts into the costume room where they are standing.
He had to hold back a laugh as Zemo sang one whole bar before Ms.Dale cut him off.
“Okay, well tell me more what it feels like.” Sam asks, leaning back and crossing his arms.
“You saw that huh? Yeah, that is compliments of our newest customer.” She says with a smirk, knowing exactly what he was thinking.
“I…. I want you to mean that, I really do. I just need you to say it sober.” He says, feeling ripped in two. Half of him wants so badly for that to be true, but half of him can’t let himself believe it.
“Mmmm trust me, if you saw this customer, you might think of another reason for doing it.” She says with a wink before turning to her phone.
“Hey Tony, what’re you doing here?” He asks with a smile. He’s hoping it isn’t obvious how excited he is to run into the other man, especially since he’s currently on a date with another man.
“Oh.” Tony says, looking around as though he’s just noticing for the first time. He sees Tony take in the decor and bedding that is far more casual than he would ever choose for himself.
It's the morning after Tony's confession, and Steve still has no idea what it means.
“I- I’m here for set design.” He says, holding his paintbrush up as proof.
“I did what now?” Tony startles, nearly dropping the coffee pot.
He looks around at first before realizing he’s pointing at him specifically.
“Tony, how drunk are you?” He asks, rolling his eyes even though the other man can’t see him. He knew Tony was going out to a benefit that night, which was usually code for schmoozing with other rich people and drinking too much.
“Tony… we’re not exactly the same size.” He says carefully, hoping not to offend the other man. He hoped Tony wasn’t insulted, he loved the other man’s frame, how he was muscular yet tight, how chiseled his arms were, how he was the perfect height to fit under his arm…
“Well good for him, but he has terrible taste.” He says with a sigh.
“Really?” He asks softly, scared to believe the words the other man is saying.
“Oh I definitely was, can’t wait to show this to you in the morning.” Natasha says, taking another sip of her drink.
“You think I’m…. hot?” He asks slowly, trying not to get his hopes up.
Would Tony even remember? Would he play it off as a joke? Would he even bring it up at all?
“Oh, I am sorry that your best friend came to surprise you with Yankees tickets, I’ll just go invite Sam instead, he’ll appreciate it-“ Bucky says ask he turns to leave.
“I’m sorry, stay shirtless then.” Tony says with a smirk.
“Of course.” He says, accidentally cutting off his date. He knows he’s being rude but he can’t help himself. He can never help himself around the other man.
“Steeeeeeeve! Steve!” Tony hollers across the family room as he walks in. The other members of the team are seated around the coffee table which is littered with drinks, while Tony stands on top of it, scotch in hand.
So of course he doesn’t.
“Not as often as you would think. He spends most of his time in the classroom or studio so he doesn’t exactly get out there much.” The man explains.
“I could always give it another shot Ms.Dale” Zemo, a smug looking boy who had been trying to get cast as a lead since day one offered.
“Oh, well it looks like you’re busy then. Thank you for the flowers.” Tony says quickly, grabbing the flowers from where they lay on the counter and quickly turning to leave.
“I think I’ll have to, he’ll think it’s hilarious.” She says, turning around as the door rings as another customer enters.
“Shhhhhh, its late. Don’t wake Steve up.” The voice says before breaking into giggles.
“Did you just say I looked hot?” He asked, trying not to grin like a total doofus. He knows this probably means less than nothing to Tony, he flirts with nearly everything that moves. But he still can’t help the tiny spark of hope he feels that maybe he means it.
“I’m just helping the customer feel more at ease by giving them perspective. So what was it that fucked up your laptop?” He asks, wondering what could possibly be that embarrassing.
“Oh, I actually think the bathroom is-“ He begins, as Kurt stands up and heads for the front of the restaurant.
“Oui misseur, we aim to please at Stark Industries.” He says in his worst French accent.
The second the son hits his eyes, he realizes just how screwed he is.
“Hey! That’s just uncalled for.” Bucky says with a laugh, rubbing the paint away.
“Well. I think we have our Marco.” Tony says, his face breaking into a smile as he begins to slowly clap, the rest of the theatre troupe joining him.
“So is that a yes to the date?” Tony looks equally as smitten, holding the flower to his chest.
“No.” Sam says with a short laugh.
“Ugh please don’t.” He groans, I’m sure that would be great for business.
“Your friend doesn’t even know me.” He says incredously. He’d never been asked out before without someone knowing who he was, The Tony Stark. It was weird and nerve wracking and baffling.
“Don’t tell anyone this, but she drunkenly dared me to try on a pair of her heels one time, I looked flawless but fell on my ass like ten times.” Tony says with a laugh as he takes off his jacket.
“Well, if it isn’t one fine ass man.” Clint says with a devilish smirk. He immediately blushes, even though he knows he shouldn’t be the one embarrassed.
“Going to bed, what else would I be doing? You’re the one that always says I don’t sleep enough.” Tony says as though its the most obvious thing in the world.
“I… I am so sorry Tony, I didn’t mean to blurt that out, I know you’re upset about whoever you’re into and I didn’t mean to make it-“ He rambles, before Tony cuts him off by closing the space between them and pulling him into a kiss.
Because that’s what Avengers tower has become for him, his home. These people have become his family. And despite the fact that they usually drove one another crazy and it was similar to living in a frat house, he had never been happier.
“You don’t need to apologize. I get it. I should have told you that I was Tony Stark. Of Stark Industries.” He says, hoping this doesn’t change things.
“Good to meet you Tony. My friend will meet you at the Starbucks by the NYU campus tomorrow, say 3 o’clock?” The other man asks with a hint of nervousness in his voice.
“Yes?” Tony asks, his face bursting into a smile, lines crinkling around his eyes.
“What about him?” Tony asks, pointing across at the stage towards him.
“Yeah, well I’m in the tabloids enough-“ He begins, feeling uncomfortable.
“Steve, you emotionally stunted pile of muscles, you have a crush on Tony.” Sam blurts out with a deadpan expression.
Chapter 3 coming soon!
“Tony… this looks like a crop top.” He says, trying not to laugh, especially since that much movement would likely tear the shirt.
“Yes, I want all of that, I want to do all of that with you. I like you Tony Stark, a lot lot.” He says, his hands encircling the other man’s waist.
“You aren’t used to working the front are you?” He asks with a laugh. Damn, that laugh makes a shiver go down his spine. He feels even more flustered, how is this man so charming without even trying.
He blinks at the sudden intrusion and tries to get his bearings.
“Oh yeah? Getting some mixed messages?” Tony asks, grabbing a bottle of water and chugging it.
“No… no. More like society pages.” He says, cringing at his words. He should just lie, say he’s just some IT rando.
Steve tries to get out of a musical he very much did not mean to audition for.
“How on earth did that sound like a good idea?” He asks with a laugh. Even with his super solider metabolism, that’s something he would even be scared to do.
“Well since your other date was ruined, how about you and I have one?” Tony asks, looking more vulnerable than Steve had ever seen him.
“But… why?” He asks, holding up the ticket helplessly.
“Depends on what you need.” Tony shouts back from somewhere in the lab. He descends the stairs and walks into the lab. It takes a moment to find Tony in the barrage of equipment and metal, and he feels himself swallow a gasp when he does.
“Oh shush, sharing is caring.” Tony says as he moves the pillows around to get comfy.
“Merci. So I’ve been trying to set up my new laptop and somehow everything is frozen. And I mean everything.” The voice explains, he can hear the faint sound of clicking in the background.
“Do it, I double dog dare you!” Tony hollers back, squirming a bit in his arms.
“Only if you’re saying yes.” Tony responds, looking just as nervous as Steve feels.
“Tony? Tony are you down here?” He asks, yelling down into the lab. He feels his palms sweating from nerves and hopes he voice isn’t wavering.
Yesterday I came across this bizarre furry art-“ He rambles as he types on his computer.
“My neighborhood was actually pretty diverse, I never thought I was like this!” He says, wondering when this could have started.
He knows he shouldn’t be disappointed, he honestly should have expected it. But a little part of him was hoping beyond hope that this wouldn’t happen.
But if they wanna spend the other afternoon playing gay chicken, that’s on them.
“Please, I can take care of my own ass.” Tony says with an exaggerated eyebrow wiggle.
“Yeah, you’ve already waited way too long.” A voice says behind him.
“Well I’m sure you scared them out of using slurs.” Tony says, running his eyes over his arms.
“You think he’s hot?” The other man asks with a laugh.
“I’m pretty sure I would have been even more bored than you were. What’re you doing though?” He asks, watching the man struggle to get his second shoe off.
He gently pulls an arm away, and feels Tony’s wrap his hand tighter around his wrist. He hears the other man stir and make a little groan, a sound that goes directly to his crotch.
“I’m thinking of you, I prefer you before all, my love is pure and I declare my love. I know love is a strong word but it’s really hard finding flowers that say I think you are really hot and want to ask you out.” Tony says with a soft smile.
“Huh, well that definitely is not supposed to happen. I actually didn’t know they could… What exactly were you doing on it?” He asks, grabbing his laptop to begin remote access.
“Yeahhhhh I thought that too. But he was dead set on what he wanted, he wouldn’t even look at other options.”  She said with a snort.
The funny thing was, he was the one who should be embarrassed.
“Sure, whatever you say. She really doesn’t get paid enough for keeping your ass alive.” Tony says with an eye roll. It’s amazing how the other man always can make him laugh.
“Ooooh yes, we all got to hear about how you thought Steve was one fine ass man. Do you wanna see the video?” Clint asks, clearly enjoying the scene before him.
Before he can ask him anything, he hears Tony start to snore, the deep heavy snore of someone dead to the world.
“You’re going to have to narrow that down buddy.” Sam says between chews, giving him a confused look. That or exasperation are pretty much his go to expressions now that he lived him with Avengers (and Bucky in particular).
“Oh yeah, or when someone decides to get swallowed by a robot monster?” He adds with a laugh, remembering when Tony somehow survived and he wasn’t sure if he wanted to kiss him or kill him.
“You like it Steve Rogers.”
“I-I-I haven’t sang on stage before, so if I was off-key…” He trails off, wishing someone would say something for the love of-
“Steve. You’re nervous. And rambling like crazy, which is a little adorable I’ll give you that, but you need to take a deep breath. And believe me when I say you can do this. I promise I wouldn’t let you go on that stage if I didn’t think that. Partially because it would also embarrass the shit out of me.” Tony says with a smirk, his honey brown eyes surprisingly kind.
“So about that making out bit-“
“Ms.Dale, you can’t, this isn’t going to work-” he blabbers, even as the older woman continues to go through the wardrobe choices for him.
“I will.” Tony whispers back. They finally make it to Tony’s room and he kicks the door open gently. He manages to make his way to Tony’s bed in the dim light and places him down gently. Tony immediately relaxes into the sheets, and he tucks the covers around him. It takes him barely a few seconds to fall asleep, but he stays a moment longer.
In just a minute…
“Well, color me shocked and delighted. Whenever you’re ready Mr.Rogers.” She says, her hand on the remote to cue the music.
“They are, they are pretty incredible. They are so funny, like your stomach hurts after hanging out with them. Like when they get cappuccino foam stuck in their beard and don’t notice or half an hour. And they’re kind, especially when they think no one is paying attention. Like they don’t want people to know they have a heart of gold. And they’re a secret softee, like they’re a badass but also cry at ASPCA commericals. I’m just lucky to have them as a friend.” He says, turning to leave and hoping Tony doesn’t notice the lump in his throat.
“Not a fan of the holiday?” He asks, trying to sound casual. He accidentally knocks over a cup of pens and fumbles to pick them up. Real casual.
He feels his stomach twist as he thinks about what he’s doing there. After much pining and lusting and crushing on the other man, he was finally steeling his nerves and planning to ask out the other man.
“Nothing Tony, I swear.” He says, hoping he’ll drop the subject.
“Thank you, but-” He begins to argue again, wondering how he could possibly explain that there is no way he could play a love interest when it was his actual love interest on the stage with him. He would look like a fool, or worse, it would painfully obvious to everyone the crush he had on the other man.
In a minute anyway, once Tony moves off of him and he can get away without disturbing the other man.
“So… no 1940’s homophobia then.” Tony says slowly.
“Tony, I saw your order….” He says, the other man looking even more handsome than he remembered.
“That’s what I’m trying to say, I’m not an actor. The only place I sing is my kitchen and I’ve never even acted, much less danced or learned choreo-” He rambles before Tony places both of his hands on his shoulders, warm and surprisingly strong.
“He’s out front right now, if you want to discuss that bouquet.” She says innocently.
It was driving him crazy, Tony had such an effect on him and he had no idea. He was petrified what this might do to his friendship with the other man, but at the same time, he couldn’t keep it in any longer. He was worried he would accidentally blurt out that he was in love the next time Tony hugged him for a second too long.
“Well I can never say no to you.” He blurts out before he can think about how that sounds.
“How could I not? I would describe exactly what I think is hot about him but that is not this kind of phone line.” He says, finally figuring out the errors on the computer.
“They haven’t said anything. But you can only make so many moves on someone before you have to accept they don’t like you.” Tony says with a shrug, trying to pass for casual.
“No- I mean, I just… I’ve noticed the arrangements you’ve been ordering and I was just curious- I mean I don’t know if it’d be rude to ask-“ He stumbles, grabbing the bouquet off black roses.
It’s so sweet and gentle, he feels as though he’s being kissed for the first time. He leans into Tony’s embrace and feels the gentle scratch of his beard, inhaling the scent of metal and sweat on his skin.
