John snorted, hugging his body to ward off the cold. The rain was getting heavier as it was bouncing off the road. There was a flash of light, and a crash of thunder and John flinched, but Dean just smiled.
Garth was once human but made into a werewolf.  Meeting Beth had reformed his life; they had welcomed him into her pack. They swapped mobile numbers before the man left Dean at a motel that sounded fairly decent.
Dean hugged Charlie and Anna and watched his friend leave. Adam said his goodbyes, and they both ambled to the library.
“I need a word with Michael don’t worry it’s our turn to protect you. Get better and stronger. I have some exercise equipment in my room. Just don’t get caught getting it.”
Dean ambles down to the lower levels and into the coffee shop, to find his friends. Not seeing them, he orders orange juice and water. An Asian boy with black hair sits down next to him and smiles.
Dean goes to see Castiel whos busy at work. The angel brings news. Mertha, however, has some bad news for Dean and he has no clue how to deal with it.
“Dean, have I permission to check your pass?” the angel asks, and Charlie looks puzzled she never did this to Adam, and he’s with the last unmated archangel’s mate.
Dean can feel the oncoming storm. A blast from Deans not so distant past comes to there aid. With Sam out of harm's way, Bobby and Dean get ready for the fight. Dean is shocked when two unlikely beings come to his rescue.
“Although we mate for life, there is a slight loophole, like all fathers’ dealings in such matters. We get a second chance if our mate were human, and they don’t want to bond. We can't share their heaven if they don't wish for us to do so. With you and Castiel, this is not a concern. Your Nephilim for one and have bonded, in every way possible. It will be much harder to kill either of you. I look at the way you are around each other. I have never seen a bond like it, or ever again I would imagine.”
“I understand that if I can get out, anyone can get in. There was a demon in here for a time, so I expect that scared the agency.” Dean smirked.
Dean ran to get dressed, as did the other omegas. The ones that were not fighting helped get the weapons, making sure everyone had their packs strapped to their wrist.
“Sure, I can drop you off in the next town. Climb in and get comfy. I have snacks.” Garth grinned at his new friend.
“I can’t believe it; you made her like new. Thank you, thank you all very much.” Dean babbled, not sure what to say. He had baby back, his mom’s beloved car.
Castiel glanced over at the omega who was peering down into the hole which was five hundred and fifty foot deep. The snow was resting lightly on his thick eyelashes and settling on his hair. “I realise now that this is about you. Dean, they brought you into the agency, thrust on me, then ran from me twice, and that’s very telling. So, I’m giving you an out. Walk away, you will still have our support. Live with Sammy and Uncle Bobby. Go to school, chase your dreams. I know you can make it, for I have complete faith in your abilities.”
“You’re my star, Dean, you shine so brightly. When you feel low, when you assume, no one loves you and you all alone in this world. Look at these, and it will be a reminder we love you, that you have a family bigger, then you can imagine, and that you have me, always.”
“Your Castiel guards that tree Dean,” Bobby told the omega. “I doubt anyone could get to it. Sammy was born, and you remember your mom, so we know it can’t be in childbirth. Unless she was pregnant again. But there was no sign of that. Karen and I were around all the time until she took sick.”
I hope you enjoy it, Thanks for your love, support and comments... Of to bed to sleep for the next year xxx
Michael took Castiel’s right hand, and Deans left, placing them on top of each other. Then entwined the bound hands with brilliantly coloured taffeta and silk, the omegas of the academy had specially braided. There were six braids, Michael, doing a figure of eight around the couple’s hands.
Castiel’s phone started ringing, and he answered it when he saw it was Charlie. Maybe Dean had called her?
“Now, now commander, no need to be rude, we are civil creatures unlike most here.” The Fate scrunches her nose up as she looks around at the Hell beasts at her back.
“Keep this to yourself for now until I can gather more research. Please, Dean.” Charlie hung off the younger boy’s arm.
“I’ve been reading up on angels, Dean. Do you go all badass if someone attacks your nest?” Sam asked excitedly.
I hope its okay, just high on pain meds. Sleepy, but I wanted to pop this out. Thank you for all the support you guys have given me. Its given me the strength to get through this.
“Aw come on baby, come back with us, and we can show you, who killed your mommy. Then when you kill them; you become one of us.”
Dean rolled his eyes and strode past the desk he came past last night, but Jace was not present. Dean recognised the direction, but when the angel deviated to the blue corridor, it was all new to Dean.
Castiel watched the friends and felt a little jealous of the familiarity, but stayed quiet on the subject.
“Yeah, I can do that.” Dean rushes off, and Castiel watched him go. Trying to keep the anxiety out of his mood, so his mate does not notice.
John ignored the raucous and focused on the angel in front of him. “So, we meet again. You did me out of money for this sad sack of shit.” spat John in repulsion.
Next to that was a substantial open-plan kitchen. The cabinets when made of beechwood and all modern appliances were secretly stashed elsewhere. A huge island sat in the middle of the kitchen, filled to the brim with cooking paraphernalia. Large windows let in light, and a door led to a wooden deck. A narrow oval table with four chairs stood near the window, so you could admire the view while you ate. The floors were wooden but mismatched in colour.
Charlie chattered next to him, telling her friend about her new home next to the coast and the groups she had joined. Suddenly Dean grasped his head and yelped in surprise.
Dean rubbed at his eyes, tiredly wishing all this could be over, and he could sleep in his comfortable bed. “How do you kill an immortal being?”
“I like you, Dean, yeah I will inform the others. I’ll shoot off to the common room. That boy over there that just fled into the library, that’s Adam.”
“Saving the world, putting Heaven back on track. It’s a tremendous task he’s only nineteen. Deans got meetings up in Heaven, then back down here. Poor kids never stood still half the time.”
“Nice to meet you, Dean-o.” the archangel winked at him and then he gestured to Hael. “I would like this young man to join my morning class on a Tuesday and a Thursday. Put his name down; times and rooms, please, sister.”
Dean found night attire and had a quick wash. Only managing half the bottle of water. The forest sounds ceased, and he sighed. Switching off the fading light, he stumbled into a dreamless slumber.
Anna nodded and called for Castiel on angel radio. It took seconds. There was a brisk fire of knocking, and Charlie went to open the door. Castiel stood there, his black hair wild. He wore a Batman tee-shirt and baggy blue jeans. Dean saw him, and his breath hitched. He flung himself forward and landed in the arms of his angel.
Dean and Sam washed and dried and put the leftovers in the fridge. They all sat down to watch ‘Amazing beasts and where to find them’, Dean and Sam loved it.
“Dean’s been with me, Harry.” Daisy beamed and told her son all about what the omega had done for her.
They have a shower and gently wash each other. It’s unhurried and sensual, just the two of them in a love-struck bubble.
Castiel smiled he had black jeans and a light pale blue tee-shirt that hugged the contours of his upper body.
“I know, I will get your brother out of here. Ain’t no one getting past me. Now I need to use the bathroom; you grab me a nice cup of tea. A drop of milk and one teaspoon of sugar, if you please.”
“My sister and I won’t let you interrupt our plans. We demand a planet free of humanity. We want the world and the Heavens for ourselves.”
“You’re Nephilim, but we demons work a specific way. Leave it to us. Your conscience can be clear, Dean.”
Hannah came back sometime later. “Jody’s here. I was correct he’s in line for a Seraphim first class. We conducted research Deans mom was a Campbell.” She declared it all in English, so Dean would understand.
“How, did you know? That’s not possible.” exclaimed the angel in shocked awe. Dean just winked and put his finger to his lips.
Anna shakes her head but conveys nothing about her brother. The younger angel not at all happy with him. Leader or not, his mate should come first. If it were Charlie in this bed, she would be by her side continually.
“Castiel trust me, I have found a quicker, safer route.” Dean sing-songed in a relatively playful tone.
There were wooden steps to higher levels. There were no windows, but light somehow shone, protecting the books, and so individuals could read. ‘
Castiel drew his trusty sword out and crept forward; whoever they were, they were not quiet. It made the angel sure it was the enemy. He tuned into their conversations and rolled his eyes and put the sword back into its leather home. Castiel walked up behind his garrison. Looking around, he could see Beta had joined up with Zeta. They had not noticed him stood there, with his arms folded. Clearing his throat, his eyes still red in protective mode.
The next day was bright and sunny, not a cloud in the Mediterranean blue sky. Birds sang their cacophony of melodies. The cicadas made a loud buzzing noise in the trees; the bees flew from flower to flower happily going about their business and the butterfly’s added to their dance.
Dean nodded and continued up to his room. Once there, he pinned the program up with tape so he could look at it. Drinking water (only because he wanted to), he sat down. There was not much to do before Charlie got out of class.
“Sorry to trouble you, Anna, but I require a word with your mate. Charlie showed my Dean around last night; he’s my mate. I had hoped she would know a little; he’s gone missing.”
“Yes, you’re correct. Also, I have asked Camael to be your guard, and he’s accepted. I know you get on well and he’s tended to you in your time at the agency.”
“Now, don’t be getting into every stranger’s car, you hear me, boy? They ain’t going to be nice like me.”
Charlie went into Deans rooms. There was no trace of activity, the shutters drawn. Going through to the bedroom, she noticed a lump snuggled beneath the comforter. Pulling an armchair closer to the bed, she looked at a black feather sat on the bedside table. She reached out for it, but a sound stopped her.
Castiel twisted Dean around to face him. The angel brought his hand up and held Deans head gently, tipping his head to the side, caressing those tempting lips, sweet to the taste. Castiel moaned and pushed harder. Dean’s hands were on the angel’s firm behind. Castiel’s hand-carried on down to Dean’s chest, and he sought his neck, nibbling and sucking delicious little marks.
First, he tried to communicate with Cas, but he heard nothing back through the link. They trapped him in the room, but there was no use in yelling and attracting attention to himself. With a deep-seated sigh, he waltzed up to the mirror and pulled the sheet off. It was about six feet tall, of a glass and chrome construction. Dean felt compelled to place his hands on the glass; he can’t confirm the compulsion behind his actions.
Dean opened his eyes slowly. He could smell the soft scent of pine, rosemary, and winter Jasmine. The pine trees towered overhead, and the flowers dotted around their grey trunks. A stone-paved path led up to a wooden cabin — the lawn a vibrant green for the time of year. The cabin was three storeys tall with a porch and steps up to the front door and a garage inbuilt into the house. The wood was deep mahogany that blended in with the wild scenery. No other homes cluttered the landscape.
The angels, curiously enough, did not observe Christmas but had their festivals. Around the same time was the Feast of East. It was a time for celebration among all angels ranks, parties where held, candlelight services and gifts passed around nest-mates. It was about family bonding and love for each other. All, he knew, was he would be a year older and one year closer to leaving the agency?
“Mmm never saw her be nice to anyone, to be honest with you. Anyway, I hope you get back home. If not, you can stay here. No alpha or beta can get into the hotel.”
“What are you so unsettled about, angel?” Dean whispered, keeping his voice down, wanting to keep their conversation private.
“Cas, you big lump. What did you think I was going to say?” Dean sat up and stroked his hand through messy black hair. “I guess we still have our issues, hey? “I love you so much Cas were going to be parents.”
Castiel turned around and faced the front. “I have an award to give out today. This person should have received it some months back, but fate changed our hands. The elders held a meeting and decided that not only as this omega helped his fellow agency mates. Going through a torrid past yet they could love, give charity, kindness and strength to others. They have passed more tests than any other and yet there only seventeen. This person helped us realise that we were doing it wrong, how we cared for our mates. We are now implementing different frameworks to make the agency a better place for you and other generations of omegas. I am proud to call Dean Winchester my mate. Dean, we present this new award to you; we will award it to other omegas after you and will bear your name. You’re a true inspiration to others.”
“Commander, you were right. We have propelled many demons back, that have tried to join them, from this plain.” Spits out the command leader in the blatant repulsion. “we have a team in the mountains, and a team surrounding all entrances to the hamlet. I was waiting for your command to push them back, into the hell hole they belong.”
Checking his list again, Dean notices he has therapy on Monday, Wednesday and Friday’s. He had no school on these days. He had a class on Tuesday and Thursday of his choosing. Still, on a light diet and healing from Pam on a Saturday or a check-up. The rest was free time. His bedtime started at nine, but he was not sticking to that. Would venture up when he wished to. No one would check up on him, anyway.
Dean closed his eyes. He held his fists tight and tried to calm his breathing down. “Castiel could not tell me himself?”
Castiel knelt and tipped Deans head up with his hand to face him. The angel tapped the paper with long, slender fingers. “I guess love this eliminated any of that utter nonsense, don’t you?”
Dean jumped, this time he was on a sandy beach the calm, blue water, and the serene sky did not match his mood. Grabbing a smooth stone, he threw it into the water. Dean saw the circles spreading out around the calm ocean before him. He thought that was much like his life. John killed his mom, and the consequences to his actions rippled wider and affected the world around him. John was the stone, and he was the circle ever-expanding outwards. Spreading his wings, he flew, knowing exactly where his dad was.
Castiel looked over and saw the garrison spill into the circular room. “Whatever happens, my love, know this, you four are the heroes of the hour. You saved us, we will be forever in your debt. But you, my omega are the one, that shall perch on a golden chair, and I will bow down to your every command. Well, within reason.” Castiel smirked and winked at his young mate.
Dean picked up the middle orb. This one was cyan blue at the top and forest green at the bottom and transparent in the middle. Somehow it looked like birds had taken flight between the two colours that he believed represented earth and water. He moved it around and watched in awestruck wonder.
“That’s awesome. Thank you so much.” Dean ran and hugged his friend. Then rushed away to get packed.
“Where ever I fall, those that follow will be proud of me. I will not give up the fight until the Heavens and Earth are clean with the scourge of Hell that defile Gods own creation. Creatures like you that mess with the universal balance. You decide to change time, the path of the future to your whims, but that’s not how it works.”
Dean went up to the information desk where a short man stood, speaking to Hael. Dean stood near the desk waiting; not wishing to interrupt. Realising they were speaking in Enochian tuning into their conversation. The shorter man was telling the other angel a somewhat rude joke.
The bats dived bomb the boys. The angels surrounded the omegas and chopped at the bats. The creatures gave out blood-curdling screams, redoubled their efforts to get at the boys. Their talons were gouging any flesh they could find. The animal’s red eyes like rubies, hypnotising those whose eyes lingered too long.
“Not, yet, Castiel had to get back, sort the mess out with the garrison. Cas came back with me, made sure I was safe though. We’re going to sit down and talk soon when he gets back.”
Dean nodded in agreement. “I missed him and Uncle Bobby, but until Johns caught Cas says its best for me to remain here at the agency.”
They talked about this and that until a middle-aged man walked into the shop and sighed with relief.
“The Cohan award for the male and female who have academically come top of their graduating class are Sandy Miller and Jake Finch.” Everyone clapped for Sandy and Jake.
Castiel tried to contact Madan but still nothing from Kappa garrison; it disturbed the angel with the radio silence. Not wanting to show such disharmony, he plastered a smile on his face, turning to his smaller faction. “We know where the room is, so that’s our goal. Both myself and Dean will require a guard. We must reach those stones, no matter what, and put an end to this war. They will come for us; there are no doubts there.”
“Jace, I thought you got my note? Dean is Castiel’s; he will be on the top floor. Make certain you give him the bracelet or the commander won’t be pleased.”
John informed him that angels would collar him, make him suck cock and hide him away in a basement. They would not feed him and whip him because he’s an Omega. Dean believed him since presented all his father had done, was belittle him and hurt him. John had not allowed him to mix with Sam anymore, and Dean missed him.
The vibration of wings reverberated around the small room and Castiel appeared looking distracted.“Gabriel, what’s wrong? What’s so urgent, brother?”
Dean stepped out on to the veranda and smelt the fresh pine. The colours of the other trees in the forest were turning reds, oranges and yellows, making the woods look like they were on fire. It was breathtakingly beautiful. Up here you could see the lake not far off in the distance. Dean hoped he and his friends could visit once the better weather was upon them.
“Stay back, both of you,” Castiel commanded, putting his arm out to make the omegas stop in their tracks. The cave system took a sharp curve just then, and they could not see around it.
“Well, least you know, so we have more eyes on him. I don’t want to cause an issue if there is not one but...”
Dean moaned and rolled over to his back. The mud felt cold and wet. Knew he would need another shower and a change of clothes.
Before the younger boy could leave, Mertha folded her arms around him. Dean went tense. Only mates hugged or if they were close friends or family and with permission.
If you have read the fic well you will get some of the clues... I love you all dearly but so tired, I'm sure if they take any more blood I won't have any left and sparkle like a vampire.
Dean opens his mouth in a silent scream, his body going rigid. His hand glued to Castiel’s chest. Castiel shouts out in pain and both blackout.
Both angels turned to Dean open-mouthed. Blushing, realising a student had heard and understood. The boy was underage, after all, and it could get them in trouble.
“I’m uncertain what I’m going to do with him some days.” Castiel turned to Gabriel in a desperate tone.
“How’s your head? How come it’s not healed?” Charlie inquired, distressed over her friend’s accident.
“Do, it then.” John gasped, knowing he would bring the angel’s downfall if he killed him. Revenge was a different ballgame altogether.
Ten minutes later Adam gets up and walks out of the door. Dean monitors the time and ten minutes later strolls into the garden.
Dean meets John and tries to battle past him one last time. Castiel ends up being stunned by a Fate but will he be saved in time? Read on to find out what happens to our heroes.
“Look, Lucy, you’ve nailed a tender spot.” chuckles one demon behind the red-lipped woman standing next to Dean.
Tuesday was Enochian in the morning, and the rest of the time Dean worked outside. Painting a shed for a little girl’s playhouse. He paints flowers and grass around the edge, and she hugs him and gives him a sucker.
Someone cleared their throat behind them, and Dean glanced up. “Cas, I didn’t think, you could come today?”
Castiel realised his lover was right, and he had never looked at that side of the story before. Dean made him reflect in a way no one else had ever done. His Dean would make a brilliant soldier in the angel’s army. A point he would change, omegas could fight. Presently only alphas and betas could join. Such nonsense, he scoffed at himself. His Dean had taken him out frequently at armed combat. The young Nephilim was getting stronger every day.
“Good, I’m glad. But what has that got to do with this room?” Dean looked around the doorway but saw nothing suspicious.
Moving his hand away, he discovers his reflection smirk back, folding their arms. Dean stumbles backwards and yelps in shock. The almost black olive eyes twinkle back in entertainment. “Such a disappointment, Dean,” The mirror Dean hissed at him like a hissing cobra. “You can’t even follow orders, and now you’re fucking trapped.”
“Damn it, did Castiel not hear my message about John Winchester?” Uriel pushed his face near the cell bars.
Dean finished his meal and noted down the bus timetable. The bus would take him to Sioux City. He wished the bus would take him all the way, but that’s how it worked, and it was so disheartening. He needed to pop into a bank for a top-up of money and would require someplace to stay for the night. Dean watched some cartoons, missing having a T.V in the agency. It was a treat for him. Knowing he had to be up early. Setting his alarm and went to bed.
Dean turned to his mate. “That was nice, far better than a human funeral, black and morbid. I always thought we should celebrate someone’s life.”
“Have you ever thought that he can’t come to you yet? That this on your wrist is a big clue. He was going to give this to you honey a long time ago, even when he thought you did not care for him.”
“I’m sorry, love, truly.” It takes Castiels breath away, his mate is magnificent in his righteous fury.
“You forget with whom you talk. I have fought thousands of battles, killed many who have wronged in God’s name. I am a soldier of God. I won’t hesitate to wipe a speck of dirt like you, off the face of this planet.” Castiel told the man in a low set voice dripping with danger and promise.
“How could you fucking say that? I did everything for you.” Castiel pulled at his hair, not believing what he was seeing.
“Mertha, we’re sorry.” Dean rambled, trying to stand up, but slipped in ice-cream and landed on his bottom.
Dean stared at the angel and glared at him. “I’m used to threat’s commander, they do nothing for me,”
“No,” shouted Castiel, “No, one touches my mate, or they answer to me.” Castiel’s eyes were aflame with fury. His angel blade slipping out of his forearm, called forth by his rage.
Castiel came to sit on the couch and let Dean sit on his knee. Dean snuggled into his angel for comfort.
“It’s what father wants so I will comply. If you ever touch my mate again, brother, I will kill you.”
“That’s fair, I hate to say it, but they brought this on themselves. What about Hael, Jace and Uriel any news on that?”
Paul smiled at the sleepy boy. “You’re most welcome. I have no clue how you charmed Aggie. Not one of the easiest people to get along with.”
Castiel went back to the nest, their nest. He cleaned it up, but it was too empty without his Dean. Why was Dean doing this to him? Showing him up like this, in front of his family. Though why did he have to hurt him with those words? Dean feared him; he had made his Dean scared, defensive. There was no other reason for his omega to come out. He was a failure and again questioned why this fantastic, beautiful boy was his.
“Nothing, please wear it,” Jace told the human. The angels glanced at each other, but the boy could not interpret. Dean placed the bracelet on with little fuss.
“I can, Hannah, no problems. Now, Dean, you must stay in the human quarters. You can only leave with your angel or your angel appointed HAG.”
Castiel when he got the call about him today and hoped the others would support him. Getting dressed, he packed his computer in his bag he called for Cam and remained inside the nest.
“True, no son of mine is an omega whore. Where’s that angel of yours? Too scared to face me?” grinned, John smirking now.
Deans still down on the floor when Tula and Michael march into the common area. Both angels raise their eyebrows at the cut on Dean’s head.
“Really? That would be awesome. I’ll go see if Cal needs some lunch.” Dean left the neighbour to his own devices.
The two boys embraced, and Dean felt he belonged somewhere for the first time in his life. He had people that cared for him, and it seemed unfamiliar, strange, but by God it was addictive. Dean wanted to bottle the feeling and keep it with him invariably in case it melted away.
Castiel’s wings snapped back at the delectable little sounds that his boy was making; it spurred him on. The smacking of lips penetrated the tranquillity of the nest. Dean moved his hands to the top of his angel’s chest. Castiel’s hands sought the omega’s face, rubbing his thumbs across his jaw in a soothing motion. Castiel kissed, taking the lead; Dean pushed closer, wanting to be one with his angel.
“Yeah, the poor kid had no one. Beaten, starved, neglected. No love, no one to care for him. The worst case I’ve known in a long century.”
“You’re dying, because your sire has cut you off, from your power supply. Once he found out what you did, your kin no longer wanted your wild ass. Playing with fire John, it will get you burnt. Did you know that Dean stayed with Uriel when he died? Never left his side. He got burnt for that honour; told no one, I’m the only one that knows.”
Castiel swallowed hard, trying to calm himself down. “Dean, my love. Today, I promise you this: I will laugh with you in times of joy, and comfort you in times of sorrow. I will make certain you reach your dreams and help you soar high and achieve all that you can easily accomplish. I will listen to you with compassion and understanding and encourage you. We will build our nest, fill it with love, laughter and joy and share it with our friends and family. Dean, you are my best friend, my mate, my lover. There may be an age difference, but I learn from you every day. Your strength, kindness and compassion, captivates me to you. I would find no other like you. Though we don’t know our fate, I will promise to look after you, bow down to you and be at your mercy. Listen to you when it’s needed, and you can shout at me when it’s not.”
Dean turned rosy red no one had called him beautiful before but he smiled back. “Thank you, Hannah.”
“Well, play with yourself then. You may find your brain down there while you’re at it.” Dean laughed at his joke.
“NO,” Charlie shouted, surprising them both. “You will stop there Mr do you think the world would be such an amazing place if it were not for you? We now treat omegas with respect; we are gods, Dean. You are an inspiration to everyone. You are nothing like that man; also, I’m sure Mary would kick your ass if you said that.”
Castiel kissed Dean’s eyelids closed, and he steadied himself, leaning on his arm. Placing his right hand over Deans left bicep. Castiel breathed in, although he did not require oxygen. His grace flowed through him in gentle, light blue pulses. The shimmering light of his grace lit up the room like a thousand stars, assembling on one spot. The intensity he could see burning, raising his handprint his mark on to his mate’s skin. Showing the universe who had laid claim to this beautiful boy beneath him.
Most of Dean’s friends and family sat in a large circle in the agency common room.“So, everyone’s got their jobs?” Mertha asked, glancing around for confirmation.
John appeared sickly, his face was hollow, and his cough was hacking. His skin was yellow, and he had weeping sores on his face and hands.
“It looks like you’ll be here for a while then. You must stay with us until you reach eighteen at the age of consent. When your angel can move you to their nest.” Jace told him.
Castiel placed his arm over his shoulder, comforting. “Yes, it is love. Charlie’s idea, an apology for how we acted towards you.”
Charlie had her hand over her mouth with tears streaming down her face. “That’s simply beautiful commander.” She whispered, not wanting to break the magic of the moment.
Dean gapes in shock. Did his angel think that? Blaming himself for how he gained his powers and Uriel’s death. This was stopping now. So, he stalked over to the arguing pair. “First, I dislike that my private life’s being aired all over the academy. This is my life, and you have no right to break my trust like this. Second, Charlie, Castiel and I have sorted this out. I may not have spoken to you about it, but he wanted me, all along. You have no right to challenge him. It’s disrespectful.”
Gabriel laughed. “Nope, why do you think Castiel’s wings are black? He loves Lucy, always down there visiting.”
“Alastair went rogue as you fully appreciate; when you encountered him. He wanted to be the next King of Hell. But you dealt with him. Lucifer was not best pleased, that he had turned on him this way.”
“It’s an illusion, love, to wreck with your head. They can give with one hand and take away with the next.” Castiel answered, exploring the room himself.
“Yeah, that’s fine.” Sam rambled on about his classes, and his friends at school and Dean sat and listened.
Always have faith that I will bring our boys back together. These two will just get stronger but I think Cas will be peed off with his dad.
“It's like it has forced us off the correct path. I don’t like this. I feel we are the mouse and the beast is a cat that’s playing with us.”
Dean opened Martha’s gift. It was a watch, with leather straps and an analogue face. Other friends at the agency had given him candy, and he even got fluffy socks that had angel wings attached to them. Gabriel’s gift was a book with Enochian jokes. Castiel raised his eyebrow at that, which made him giggle.
“I’m going to report this.” The omega says at the top of his voice. Stamping away, people stare at Dean whispering behind their hands.
Dean sees Castiel and Michael after his therapy session. They had interviewed Charlie and some other humans and have viewed tapes. The angels desire to hear Dean’s side of the story.
Dean rubbed his head and sat down on the bed tiredly. “This is not about you, Sammy, it’s about me. They will use you to get at me. They get you and the games over. Don’t you get that?”
Dean brightens up. He goes on about Doctor Who and Harry Potter and what house Pottermore had arranged for him. (Dean, Slytherin, and Charlie were Ravenclaw).
Mertha studied the boy. Dean was seventeen, but it was about time he acted like it. Dean Winchester was invariably an adult with so much on his young shoulders. People and angels alike forgot that. She would have to remind certain brothers of that fact.
“I felt unhappy that you and Adam have gone. I loathe that Castiel does not want me. Though he sent Cam, here to watch me, Charlie.”
“You are overly close to an object we guard. I assume you know what it is, commander; you are far from stupid. You will never reach it. We have a meagre gift for Dean, its waiting for him.”
“Castiel had been undergoing a troublesome time, and Chuck had sent me to monitor him. Then you appeared, and I saw my brother fall so profoundly into your light he became lost.”
Thank you so much for your love, kindness and support with you, I think I would have just given up. xxx
“They made a deal with their angel mate. The family came into money. Though the angels have gone into hiding, and I guess the angels will seek retribution. We should punish Joel and Raz for their crimes.”
Castiel’s eyes flew wide, and he visibly swallowed, not wanting a pissed off omega on his hands. Grabbing Dean and pulling him along. “I want to show you, what I did, but you can change it, let me know?”
“Dean, you’re all the good that encompasses this world. You have suffered, yet your heart is warm. You help others when your soul could be stone cold. They will write books and sing-songs about you, the boy of the Stars. We will study the night’s sky and trace you.”
“What the king does not find out about, won’t bother him” the other’s laugh but it grating on Castiel and Dean’s last nerve.
Dean understood. “They have no, filter. I mean, you have good in humanity. But consider Hitler. All those poor people he killed. He could have stopped it, but his hatred drove him on, and if he had a devil on his shoulder.” Something clicked inside of him, and he realised something. “Hitler, he was a Necrophile?”
“Dean, can you take your clothes off and put this gown on for me, please?” asks Hannah. It terrified Dean. What would they say when they discovered his scars? Dean shook with dismay and tears streamed down his pale face.
“I need to find my mate. I will not keep away this time. I found this on his bed; it’s got my name on it.”
Deans second year at the school, became a lot tougher than before. His teachers throw everything at him. The omega had homework every day: lessons on Angel history, mating, and social interaction. So much information his brain hurt.
“When will she be here?” Dean asked, sharpening a knife while Bobby cleaned one of his guns. Salt rounds, holy water, and silver bullets were on the kitchen table. There were iron and led pipes, wooden stakes and silver knives. The arsenal was considerable, and it made Dean feel a lot safer. They did not know who their enemies were.
Dean laughed. “He can be. But he’s a big teddy bear underneath. You tell him that, and I will deny everything.”
Chuck vanished, and Castiel closed his eyes. This time together. Then he needed to report to his garrison. Liaise with other garrison leaders: Train Dean and his brothers and sisters at the agency.
Castiel groaned, pulling his fingers through his thick black hair. “Part of me wants to wrap him in cotton wool and never let him out of the nest. Part of me wants to let him spread his wings and fly. I have never had such conflicting feelings before, brother.”
The next day Dean went down for breakfast. He had waffles and scrambled eggs. The omega spotted Cam. He cleared his tray and stuck it on the garbage trolley and rushed over.
“Why can’t I leave the room? What’s going on Cas?” forgetting all protocol Dean just wanted the truth.
“No ma’am, I need to contact my uncle. He lives in Sioux Falls. I need someplace safe to stay, until then.”
“Castiel and Dean, on behalf of all present here today. Those in the past, present and future and our father in the Heavens. By the strength of your love, I now pronounce you bonded by words.”
“Okay, I don’t mind at least I will have something to occupy my days. I have weekends to myself. I know you guys go out, but we can hang out?” Dean said hopefully.
Dean smiled and put the ring on the table, knowing he would not forget it. He set his phone for six, needing a shower. It would take him time to get ready. It was not only important to him but for his angel. Dean knew he could not let him down this time. He wanted to show what he had learnt and put it into practice.
Another demon flashed in and studies his kin. “What are you doing? Crowley will have all your heads; can’t you tell he stinks of an angel? He must be from the angel agency.”
“Come over here Dean, let me finish this, let me end your miserable existence,” shouted John with malice in his black eyes.
“Castiel’s got the entire garrison searching in the crater.” giggled Anna, “they have not stopped, once. They will find it, Dean.”
“Yeah. I have a choice. I can do nothing, and the world goes to hell. I figure out if Castiel is truly the angel they want…”
“Hannah, we have to lock this area down, advise people to come back tomorrow. Those you’re already dealing with sort out, but we need all angels on the ground.”
“Gabriel, level one brother. We’re going into battle. We have a powerful untrained Nephilim on the loose, and John Winchester near the agency.”
“I get what you mean. Michaels secure knowing that no one will approach you. Though I guess if a human tried it on, he will burst a seam.”
“If it were in my power to take you to our nest before graduation, I would, but I know my brother; he would not grant this. Anyway, it’s not long now, and we still have weekends.”
They were all on their knees, the stony soil and rocks cut their legs and made travelling hard, but they knew if they stood the monster would fight back. The creature made a loud, pained cry. Slowly, they stumbled towards the entrance to the next cavern. Dean arrived first.
The corridors reeked of sulphur, blood, and bodily fluids, so foul the omegas found it hard to breathe. Side by side, row by row, they encountered open cage doors. Empty chains hung, dangling against filthy mud-caked walls.
“Then don’t mate a child. Don’t mate an abuse victim and then leave them. You never healed me, yet you could see I was in pain. You don’t give a shit if I live or die, do you?” Dean was there one minute and gone the next.
Kedi came closer to the omega he had sworn to protect. “I have informed the commander that they will require saltwater. A precaution should they encounter this beast. Boel and Karlel will unquestionably require some if they wish to accompany us.”
Castiel ordered his brothers and sisters to keep out of sight for the time being. Wanting to know what his mate would do in this situation.
Dean settled on Angels Rock, watching the new dawn of humanity. His light was never going out, just sitting gently beneath his breastbone. Castiel flew down by his side. Dean smiled that smile, the one just for him. The one that lit up his green eyes, the one that made the angel’s stomach flip, that made him want to yell and shout that this amazing creature was all his, that he fell in love with this amazing boy.
“Sometimes yes, sometimes no. When I can’t get time off, I will get someone I trust to spend time with you.”
Everyone stepped closer and placed their hands on the couple. Those behind touched a part of the other. It did not matter that they did not reach the bonded couple themselves; it was the joining in that count. They were all a part of the ceremony, and that’s what mattered the most.
The two boys hugged, reunited after so long. There was not a dry eye in the hotel at the endearing scene.
They end up in the long narrow corridors fighting, slashing maiming the humans, that have such twisted souls they don’t care if they kill anyone. Hell recruited them they will get a reward. Dean hears a scream ring out, and he turns a human has Charlie cornered, so he doubles back and stabs it with an angel blade. The blackened shell of the individual cries out and perishes in a puff of black smoke.
“I never considered that, thanks anyhow. If I keep my head down now, they won’t suspect me trying to flee, later. I need to get stronger and feed myself up.”
Dean can’t hear him because he keeps mumbling the Latin. Smoke comes out of the creature’s mouth. The older angel watch’s and grabs the body. She’s still alive, and he’s never seen an exorcism that leaves the possessed person alive before. Castiel calls for his sister to take care of this wretched woman and get her to a hospital so he can help his mate.
When he got up the next day, he cleaned his teeth, sprayed some deodorant on and did his business by a tree. He drank some water and ate some beef jerky. Putting plasters on his blisters, wishing his Nephilim healing powers would come to fruition. Dean went on his way, not noticing the single black feather that was lying next to his bag when he packed it up to leave.
“When I first met Dean, I placed my hand on his files and saw him. I recognised he was special when he vanished the first time. I could scent him and knew that was impossible, but it’s what led me to him.”
Dean stepped out of the motel. Starting towards Sioux Falls, hoping that his baby brother would be with his uncle. His Uncle Bobby knew Crowley, so could put him in contact with the King of Hell when he got to his destination. Following the I-29, he walked with determination in his steps. Dean remembered Missouri’s warning about getting a lift from strangers. His dad out there and Rook. Also, he had no inkling who’s going to pick him up. Dean grabbed a lift from a soccer mom and her kids to Percival, telling them again he’s missed the bus and he’s on his way to visit his aunt. All the lies mounting up, and he felt dreadful. Making certain his family is safe was a top priority at the moment.
John Winchester pushed his newly presented son to the intimidating white building of the Angel Agency. His friend Alistair told him he could get good money for the boy. John needed money for his younger son and himself; he did not care for the older boy who looked so much like his late wife, Mary. John's heart was black, and all he cared for was money.
“Cas is in smite mode.” Charlie giggled even though the air was tense. Joe and Adam rolled their eyes in fondness for their fellow sister.
The angel saw the fear flash in the older Winchester eyes, but it was only fleeting. Castiel knew he would have to keep Dean safe, that John would try to get Dean back.
“I think the commander just wanted us to be safe, Dean.” the redhead told her friend, thinking it was sweet.
Castiel tells everybody in the common area that Dean is okay. If they’re concerned about him, to ask for him.
“I know sorry won’t be enough for what I have said and done. I realised I placed all else on earth and in Heaven before you. I had not realised the damage I had done until it was too late. You never speak up or complain, but the one time you needed me I was not there. Dean, I get it now, all this, the tests. It was never about me, well, a little.”
Suddenly, a shiver ran up his spine, and that dark feeling intensified. Dean clutched his stomach, pain like hot needles shot through him. Running to the staircase shouted up to his uncle.
Dean stood up and saw the imprint of Uriel’s angel body imprinted ash on the floor. Walking over to John, his wings unfolded, he held his angel blade high, ready to strike. The light of the angel guard illuminated the night.
“I have no clue. In classes, we only glanced over him and the archangels. I’m starting on my last year, so I guess I will know more about interactions this year.”
Dean started the exorcism with shaky hands. Gabriel still holding the demon. Castiel placed a firm grip on his mate’s shoulder for support. Rook tried his best to escape. He writhed in pain and gave out high-pitched screams that made Deans ears bleed. The demon left the vessel intact. Castiel pulled at the smoke and waved his hands, and black and yellow butterflies flew around their heads and vanished into the earth.
Castiel and Beta garrison touched ground in Dead Man’s Flats, Alberta, Canada. The pink haze of the Pigeon Mountains rose in the spectacular backdrop of the small hamlet. The sun climbed higher, into crystal blue skies, the scent of pine wafting lazily on the distant breeze.
“Ok, Dee, if this keeps you safe, I will go. Promise you will call when it’s all over? I need to know more about my angel side. I also want to meet your mate. I have to talk to him, make certain he’s good enough for my big brother.”
I contemplated whether to put the chapters together but it did not seem to work. So you get two short ones. I know you guys like longer chapters so hope you forgive me with these two.
“Dean helped Mertha in the kitchen, and a few individuals noticed him at the onset of the feast, but everything’s fuzzy.”
Charlie closed her eyes. Castiel knew only one way to kill a Wisp. They were spirits, cast out of Heaven, and Hell for being unclean. Spent eternity wondering about the earthly planes. So, it astonished him to find one this deep underground. Castiel got his bayonet out and cut his wrist, letting his grace flow out. Tainting his sword, he whispered to Charlie.
Now, its the weekend and I need to go spend it with my daughter, love you all, have a great weekend. xxx
“Yes, you can. Michael gives me an immense allowance. I won’t miss it. You have done enough for me, Dean, more than you realise. I need to know you’re safe. Please take it.” Pleaded the older boy.
Dean dashed about the common area, making sure everything was ready for the upcoming ceremony. The chairs decorated in the purples and greens of the agency. Chairs were on the stage and in a semi-circle on the floor.
“It was like a flash. You know pictures like a movie, in my head. I can feel his mood. I don’t get it.”
Dean gets an early wake-up call. Crowley and Castiel tell him more about John. Dean realises what kind of monster his dad really was.
“Angel blade is the only thing. You, I have no idea. I don't think it’s something you should fear Dean.”
The lady looked up at the young boy in surprise. “Sure son, I lost my ticket I was waiting for my son to come to pick me up.”
Castiel knocked on Dean’s door. It was early, just past six in the morning. This was important, and he hoped it would not upset his little omega. They had granted Castiel full access, so could visit anytime. The angel felt better with that knowledge. He could reach Dean if there were an emergency.
Castiel unwrapped the gift, opening the box. Inside was a light brown leather bracelet, much like the one he wore. On the top was angel wings, with a sword going down its centre. Dean and Castiel’s names on the exterior printed in Enochian.
Anna snorted. “Cassie is not pleased. That dad put you both through these tests. We could hear him wailing on angel radio, my quiet, mild-mannered brother.” she chuckled and shook her head. “Then he rushed home and would not come out of your nest. growled out the command for his garrison to find the ring. asked Gabriel to bring your clothes and we’ve had radio silence ever since.”
Mertha had made them burgers and fries, and they had pie and ice cream for afters. It made up for the pain in his head, and the poor conduct by his mate. Castiel always seemed to put his job before him. Dean did not understand if this was what the test was all about. Leaving all that you know and saving the one person you loved. Could Castiel do that? The angel had been alive for so long and only had Dean for seconds compared to that. Dean prayed and had ample measures of love for his angel.
“Sam, his or her close family and friends will share an angels’ nest. We by nature live in a community. Angels are likewise territorial; alphas and omegas have killed those they persevere as a threat to their nest. The downstairs rooms of a nest are open to those an angel invites. The second floor is for mates and their fledgelings no one should evade that space. Either the alpha or omega would kill them. The alpha or omega would observe it as a challenge for their mate, and if there are fledgelings, it would not be a pleasant sight. We have guest rooms in the attic, but there are stairs down to the lower floors. Until Dean comes of age, I cannot allow anybody into the nest; not even family. I would feel that as a direct threat. You will both be welcome when Dean’s heats passed; however, for now, we will visit you. You can contact Dean anytime, and his appointed guard or I will bring him.”
“Yeah, Cas is great. I love him, Sammy. Come on, squirt, let’s see what the men of the house have been getting up to.”
“Yes, I can’t give you any help, but Castiel your so close. Hold on to Dean with everything you have.”
“I don’t have any clothes; I just need Cas,” he whined, clutching the edge of the table, feeling dizzy again.
Dean closed his eyes and breathed through his nose and breathed steadily. Needing to calm down, drying his eyes.
Groaning, Castiel gets up and looks down at his chest where a hand mark is visible. Much like the one he put on Dean.
“I need to find my family,” Dean told her, knowing honesty was his best bet here. “My dad abused me, and he’s escaped from prison. I need to know my family is okay.”
“Hello, I’m here to auction my boy to the Agency.” The thundering tone of his father echoed around the foyer. “He’s sixteen, fit and healthy, so I’m confident you will put him to good use. I demand good money for him,” demands John, talking to the female angel on the desk.
Castiel raised his eyebrow. Charlie and Adam giggled, knowing this was not the truth. Dean had blatantly gone against Castiel’s diet recommendations since he entered the agency.
“He is my child. I thought I would give you my blessing and give you this.” Chuck handed Castiel a small black velvet bag. “You will lead Heaven’s army’s Castiel. I have faith in you.”
“Dean, you’re up. How do you feel?” Charlie wondered, watching the omega with apprehension on her face.
“There were other Gods and Goddess in the world, and we all got on not bothered by the other. I had created the world, and they saw me as the Supreme Being. That’s why you find in so many cultures, all over the world, the same ethos, love, family, life. Many humans twisted this, to instigate wars, in the name of religion, killed in the title, sprouted hatred in the name. Love in the purest form, no matter what your sexual orientation. We gave our blessing to all our children. Then people became angry, greedy, and hateful. So, I established a reset button in every generation, one angel one human. Look out your window, and you will notice now. Famine, petulance, war, and greed wreck and ravage the world. But love is still battling to raise its weary head. Though this time the Fates won’t let me have the restart I want.”
“Thanks, Uncle Bobby.” Dean went to make the tea and cut up some cake. He brought it on a tray and set it on a small wooden table. Missouri and Bobby were talking, so he left and went up to Sam’s room.
“Yes, you got it in one. Now, demons and humans. A demon like myself will chase after corrupted souls. Humans, they have free will, becoming manipulated by the seven deadly sins far too quickly. Humans do not have that metaphorical angel on their shoulder.”
“You’re welcome, Dean. There are no many advanced humans like you. It fits with my brother’s status, though. Well, good for you.”
“Cas I’m not what those books say. I know it was you that sent them feathers. I’m not worthy of someone like you, just broken and…” Dean closed his eyes, not able to carry on the sentence.
Dean smiled and squeezed the angel’s hand. “I can’t wait for that angel. Are you ready for our next adventure?”
John got out an angel blade, and it made Dean see red. “How many of my family have you killed? You bastard.” Dean screamed at the man.
“Remember my love, the closer to that stone we get they will plant objects in the way. We get close to it; they will realise we know about it. All your nightmares will come true; they will do anything to turn you around or make you suffer and forget about the stone.” Castiel looked at Dean with frustration in his grace.
“Harry, I need Tula on board; Mertha can communicate with her. You need to establish a complaint about me; anything ridiculous I don’t care.”
“I went to Heaven, back to the Novak line and asked permission to borrow vessels. I helped Dean. I could not leave him, Gabe. He could have fallen, hurt himself. He’s not adhered to any of the rules I set; he’s pushing me to determine if I will react. I left a feather by his bed, and I don’t know if he will understand the message. My boy has been abused, belittled and abandoned all his life, and, ultimately, I have done the same. How can he ever forgive me for that?”
Adam crosses the minor road with Dean by his side. The path maintained, and the wood sparse. Dean can hear the rumble of traffic from here. Adam points to a yellow salt-can that looks broken.
The lights went out, and nothing remained of the creature but a wet puddle on the floor and a lump of burnt-out coal. Castiel crushed it with his boot. He walked over to Charlie and tapped her on the shoulder, making her jump three feet high.
“Commander, please bring him back safe,” Hannah whispered. The rest of the angels were on their knees in honour of the magnificent angel in front of them.
Dean snorts. “His mom was an angel, so the sensors detected that, not his demon side. He grabbed a pass and found Joel and Raziel, who thought he was a kindred spirit. No one asked questions.”
Hannah helped the young Omega off with his clothes and saw why the poor boy was scared. Dean had several burn marks scattered on his skin. There was an enormous purple bruise on his hip. She peered down and spotted red lines in between his thighs. The poor child had been cutting himself.
Dean went to the salt bin and put his jacket on he had brought, thick socks and put on hiking boots. Placing the bag over his shoulder, he started hiking, not glancing back, just wishing to see his little brother and his uncle. Not knowing the danger that was out there in the inky night.
“You taste divine baby, so sweet.” Castiel pulls back and milks his glad’s and feeds the oils to his mate. Dean suckles of his fingers greedily, slurping, sucking at them like he can’t get enough. The angel then spreads the oils between their body’s coating them in each other’s scents.
Lucifer coughed. “When this is over, I have a cabin in Japan you can both stay. You need the rest and isolation from cock blocking siblings.”
“Lonely! Dean, we control this place. Our angels run heaven, for lord’s sake. Start acting like it, or when you get out of here, you won’t survive out in the actual world.”
“Uncle Bobby there here, I can feel them.” Fear laced his tone, but he knew he had to keep a clear head. They would use something from his nightmares to play with his mind.
“Don’t you be fretting about your outfit; it’s in your room. Also, this came for you.” Mertha’s eyes sparkled as she handed Dean a ruby red bag.
Tears filled the younger boy’s forest green eyes. “Shit, Charlie; my dad’s escaped. Castiel is angry, I can feel it. He choked for air, feeling slightly nauseous.”
“Shit, my brothers up there now. I have to send word.” Gabriel’s honey eyes shone brilliantly with grace, his temper simmering under his skin.
“I ain’t letting you off omega, just you and me. I think you’re alone, ain’t got no one.” The bus driver sneered.
Dean felt it, that strange feeling again like his skin did not fit. He wiggled and started feeling hot and cold simultaneously.
Dean glanced at his watch and exaggerated his movements, the other boy observing him. Flopping back, he huffed loudly.
“Uriel, I expect, and someone’s helping him. That’s the only explanation for how they got around all the warding and into the human quarters.”
“Hey, I will not become pregnant after this am I dude?” smirked Dean, trying not to laugh but failing badly.
The doorbell sounded, and Dean went to open it. Shocked, he stood there with his mouth hung open at the woman in front of him. “Well, boy, you going to let me in?” Missouri asked him.
After Pam had done, she took Dean’s blood pressure. She got an x-ray for his ribs and his arm that Dean had stated he had fallen over and damaged. They took his weight and height measurements. The Omega was tiny for his age and malnourished. Pam pulled out a granola bar and a bottle of water, telling Dean to eat and drink.
Dean runs his fingers over his handprint on his angel’s chest. In the centre, there are wings and a sword.
“Love is heartbreak, sadness, miscommunication. But, oh, love is joy and happiness. Warmth, family and friends, its life. Love makes Heaven and Earth and yes, even Hell work. You missed this critical ingredient out of the equation, Mallory.”
“Let us go back the way you came. I don’t want to go the way; it was trying to take me.” Castiel shuddered at the mere thought.
“You can keep the money you gave me,” Dean smirked blinking back down at the book pinching himself making clear it was not a dream.
“Any other information report it to me while Castiel’s elsewhere,” ordered Gabriel. Jody and Hannah nodded.
Back at the agency Katie, Charlie and Amber were decorating the agency’s garden. The arty types had made streamers and hung them around the trees. Cam had put the arbour up. On one side there were blood-red roses and the other lemon-yellow roses. It depicted the colours of the alpha and omega. He placed a wooden stage around the arbour so that the mates could stand and one slightly raised for the angel of ceremonies.
“Cas, stop thinking of me growing up.” Huffs Dean, his skin growing chilly in the room and the angel flicks his fingers, and the temperature immediately rises. Castiel tugs at Deans grey sweats, they slip down off, narrow hips, not filled out yet. Dean steps away, and he takes off his socks but leaves on his boxer briefs.
“Dad dropped me off at the Angel Agency, Sammy. You get what that is, right? I will have to live with my mate.”
“This student could take my job he’s far advanced in Enochian. We have awarded this student the Charity award. He is the first person to this in the agency’s entire history. Dean Winchester, we are proud to present you with the Chuck Challenger award, and we can’t wait to see what else you achieve in your time here.”
Stumbling on some words, Charlie grew louder. Her back to the creature, mindful of Castiel’s warning. Castiel had crept around to block off the entrance to the left cave, the one the beast wanted them to wander down. It hovered an inch off the floor, the pulsing light so bright it almost blinded the angel. Castiel thrust the sword into the creature, and it blinked like a faulty light switch.
“You’re to clean the cinema up, every spot, and I will be checking.” boomed Michael. “Castiel, you can sort out the punishment for Dean and I will get Astra to sort Joe out.”
The weather was brisk, the wind sharp, but he had a plan established in his mind. No one observed him, anymore. He ate, the visits to Pam had practically stopped. He brought some warm clothes and hid them in the salt bin that Adam had shown him a while ago. He brought a bag and items like a Swiss army knife, matches, a tin opener and he sneaked into a church filling a flask with holy water.
“I’m not looking forward to that. Michael asks me every time if I’m feeling okay and rushes around with a thermometer, taking my temperature.” the older boy rolls his eyes.
Castiel took the velvet bag out of his pocket and lifted it. A ring slipped into his palm. It was his ring, the one he had lost at Flagstaff. His heartbeat that bit quicker. With pure joy-buzzing around his grace, he let Gabriel take it. Turning towards the direction his acquaintance would take; the choir of angels lifted their hearts to the sky and sang Enya’s ‘
Suddenly the place lit up, orbs of yellow danced around everyone’s head. A choir of angel voices followed, singing their soft hymn. A figure stood out of the light. Everyone fell to their knees in shock and respect.
Dean nodded and got on the bus. Sitting in the back, he waved at the older woman. Wishing he had music to listen to or a book to read. He would have to rectify that at the end of the journey. The next leg of his trip would take him to Nebraska City. He had to break up the trip, omegas could not travel alone without a chaperone. Missouri had told the bus driver he was meeting an aunt in the city. The bus terminated in the town, anyway. It was risky even to take the bus because he knew with certainty that the angels would miss him soon and come looking.
“Dean, this is non-negotiable, and if I find you sneaking any food, not on your list, you will get a punishment. Your blood tests speak for themselves. Your body is still healing. Your Nephilim side has not come out, and you’re running on empty.”
The room was a square, with a two-way mirror at one end of the wall. The walls painted gunmetal grey, with a metal table bolted to the floor. The chairs were also mental and bolted down. They secured John with magical cuffs on his arms and legs, to the concrete, reinforced floor. There were sigils, ingrained in every surface; there was no escape from this room.
Then he searched for a generous bathroom. The shower could hold five people. He was positive of it. Mosaic tiles covered the room in blues and greens as they twisted together, making it look like the undulating sea. There was a spa bath, never having one before he looked forward to sampling it. It could fit two fully grown men; he wondered if the angel would want to bathe with him. The sinks were his and his, and the cupboards whitewashed. They stored everything you ever needed inside them.
Dean wondered why they even had to sit the exams and tests. They ranged from oral Enochian to angel etiquette to paper exams for Math and English. No one told him, just patted him on the head and to give his best.
“Boy, before you leave, I baked some pies for you and Adam. Now you’d best run, don’t keep that angel waiting.”
“Who are you to say who’s good and bad? Who can come into this alternative world? And who has to stay in their Hell?” bellows the omega.
Angels turned around, some going for their blades, but relaxed when they spotted their commander. Anna, his third in command, came running up genuinely concern about her mate, he wanted to waylay the worry, but it pissed him off. Raising a hand, he moved forward, ignoring his sisters’ indignant prattle about Charlie.
When they returned to their nest, Dean turned on the angel. “So, Cas, when were you going to mention to me about the badass omega thing?”
The woman is tall, somewhat taller than Castiel himself. Her fingernails are ruby red, so are her crimson red lips. She screams predator. If Castiel did not know who she was, he would think succubus right about now. Her golden sheets of hair hang loosely over her slender shoulders. Thin arms and fingers are tapping an unfamiliar melody on her slender hips. Castiel knows at once who she is, one of the Fates, for on her shoulder she holds a bag of string that coils around her, the rope that can end someone’s world.
“It’s in my job description. I can’t help if you won’t tell me. Dean, it only makes me feel worse like I’m failing you somehow.”
Castiel held the little package wrapped neatly in his fingers, wiggling it. “I never got you anything; I feel ashamed.”
“Wings away, love, please.” begged the angel, scared now. Never in his entire life had he ever been this scared.
“So, touching, but this ends now.” Her eyes lit up, diamonds twinkling, catching Castiel’s attention, and he went still, lost in her enchanting gaze. The Fate lifted the blade, and with all her might drilled it into the angel’s heart.
Bobby, you’re giving Dean away and Sam, you will have the ring.” Castiel looked over at Dean’s uncle and brother.
After what seemed like hours of fruitless explorations, Castiel comes to a large food hall. On the platform, there was, he assumes, teachers talking away eagerly. Teens from the manner of their age remain in groups on tables that stretched the length of the hall. They seemed to eat a midday meal and messing about, but the teachers sat on the platform playing them no mind.
“We will always be here for you, Dean. Still, hold on to us, and we will guide you. You need to let us know if we make mistakes because baby we will. We can’t fix them if you don’t tell us. All the omegas of the world have woken up. They are protesting about their rights, and they will win. It’s the start of the Star legacy, the reason, you were born.”
Castiel paused and studied Dean with soft eyes and brushed a hand through his hair. “The moment I sensed Dean I recognised he was special, he was mine, and that I had to protect him. You kept me away from my mate, father. You allowed Dean to think I did not want him, did not love him. I’m not confident I can forgive you for this.” Castiel bowed his head in contrition.
Castiel moves to a kneeling position and places Deans legs either side of him. With capable arms, he moves Dean up and down off his engorged cock. The slapping of the flesh is indecent, and the smell of sweat and oil heightens the pleasure in the room. Dean arches his back, and Castiel moves his hands up and down, touching every inch of skin he can find. He nips and bites it, leaving his mark, growling possessively into the untouched skin.
Meanwhile, back in the enormous room, Castiel and the rest of the garrison are fighting the Hell beasts. A figure in a blood-red dress steps forward in the disharmonious racket of the fighting creatures. She clicks her fingers, the creatures all stop.
“I know. So, does Michael and the only thing he brought me was that book? I don’t like the content of the book, but I treasure it.”
Castiel nodded and flew, searching for his Dean. He loved him; he knew that with confidence, but sometimes you had to do the right thing. Love was not always enough.
Castiel moved closer and touched Dean’s arm. “Dean, I just want you in my arms. I’m sorry that I made you sad. We will sit down and talk. I guess I did not consider your age, your mental health. It worried me you would hurt yourself and then I triggered you.”
“Yes Joe, so you and Adam, not me, I’m more for the books.” Charlie grinned happily not to wield a sword if she did not have to. “You and Adam must kill the one last Fate, I know she’s coming. Cas and Dean must end this, but you two can kill her.”
Sam and Castiel had gone in search of a ring. The angel wanted something that was unique, but he could buy that day. Castiel searched for a good two hours then he spotted it knowing it was perfect for his Dean. The Le Chéile faith ring also had an inscription from the ancient Ogham alphabet. The meaning translated to angel mine. The ring split into two bands of colour, one white gold the other solid yellow gold.
“If I have to tell you every day for the rest of our existence until you believe it, then I will. Now, the rules, I put you on those restrictions because of how sick you were. I spoke with Pam, and she agreed. Your body needed to rest, I did this for you, Dean, not out of some misguided punishment.”
Castiel growled, his eyes were flashing red. “I won’t let him get hurt. It’s about time I became a proper mate to him. Please do not inform him; he has enough on his plate with exams coming up and the recent incident.”
Dean had told Castiel about the support they received. “See Cas, the demons like Crowley have a job. The humans that we can’t save the crossroad demons take their souls. So, the good people don’t have to deal with the jerks. You imagine what it would on earth with people in meat suits running about with no souls. The actual demons are the things from nightmares. That’s why Chuck’s idea of paradise; only good can get in, not fair really.”
“Remember.” shouted out Felice, a member of their garrison. “Hell’s demons are not like the ones you see on the Earth. They take all forms and can be a master of disguise. Now, this creature is all over the room, and I suggest we execute it.”
Dean stuck to his word and did not waver from Castiel’s rules. That Friday morning, he had a free period and was idly studying omega rights.
Fate traps them in the stone room. Charlie figures out what's going on and sends Adam and Joe to help. Dean is trapped on a wall and Castiel is under the wicked Fates spell. Will our heroes get free?
The old lady glanced at him and nodded. “Well, I’m going to Kansas City. You can get a bus from there. Stay with me tonight?”
Dean ran away from all his problems. Castiel who did not want him, his dad, and the agency. He wanted to be free where someone would love and care for him. So, he continued running, not knowing where to flee, not knowing the direction. Away from all the pain, loss and sorrow that people brought him.
Pulling the angel back by her tunic, he shouted his warning. “No, he has holy oil, let’s wait for the commander.”
Hannah stood next to Anna. “I feel for the person who, touches Dean in the wrong manner or even looks. They judge our brother quiet and sweet.”
The suit was slate grey with purple accents around the lapels and pockets. A waistcoat complimented the outfit. The tie was forest green that he knew would highlight his eyes. The dress shirt was white, and he had grey socks and black shoes to complete the outfit. Dean marvelled at the belt: it was brown leather, but they made the buckle to look like angel wings.
“You both are. I’ve watched you talk to that angel that’s been hanging around. He’s been speaking to my tormentors as well.”
Dean got clean clothes on, not wanting to, but did not want to disappoint Aggie if he went down in dirty ones. He put on his green button-down and black jeans. Putting the television on and watched a couple of shows. Regularly checking his watch to keep an eye on the time.
“Can you tell me demon, why you’re touching my mate?” Castiel growled, eyes flashing red. Swinging Rook around to face him. Gabriel pinned his hands behind his back and using his mojo stopping the demon from smoking out.
“Oh, sweet boy.” Castiel moved closer, surrounding Dean with his wings, his arms, and his very essence.
Cherry hair got closer to Dean, but she found her legs go underneath her and landed on her back with a thud. Dean started an exorcism. Black smoke bellowed from the creature’s mouth; it screamed when it could not sink to hell. The smoke just hung in the air, like hazy black smog. Trying to get back into the vessel. Dean stopped, not sure what he was seeing was real.
When Dean went to meet Charlie for lunch; Hael had gone only working in the morning. There was a commotion by the library; looking over, he saw Charlie and Adam by the library doors, not sounding happy. From the look’s of it, they were being tormented by three new kids. Dean was positive of it because he had no clue who they were.
Anna grins at her sister. “It’s invariably the quiet ones you have to watch out for.” she giggled, “I think Deans an excellent match for him, they’re both highly underestimated, and they will bring unique qualities to the table in their relationship.”
Castiel glanced up at his father. Holding tight to Dean’s hand, knowing this one question plagued his young mate. “If you knew what was happening to Dean; why did you not stop it?”
“You don’t leave that to me. I would cherish a brief word with whoever made that abomination downstairs. I’ve not had a good fight in centuries.” Crowley’s eyes flashed red, and he smirked. “Now I have to leave. I will bring word, promptly. Take care of him, angel.” With that, the demon had vanished into a puff of black smoke.
Castiel gathers him up, proud of how the young boy handled himself, and how he knew how to handle a demon. Would like to meet the person who taught him. It won’t be John, no it would be someone who looked after the boy.
The boy’s nod and swap numbers. “Good, now Adam, you sit down, and Dean up into the stacks so they won’t notice.”
“Here in the agency setting tasks are a little simpler, we have to accommodate outside. The task involves the elevator. Top rank mates have a golden elevator thinking they have more entitlement. If our mates speak of it in a manner like you have Dean, you pass.”
Dean groaned at the early hour. Shuffling over to the couch, yawning and rubbing the sleep out of his tired eyes. Castiel sat next to him, and Dean laid his head on his mate’s shoulder.
The Wisp hummed a methodical tune, trying to reach the human omega. Charlie clamped her hands over her ears and shouted the prayer at the top of her voice.
Shortly after they entered, Castiel held his hand up, wanting to regroup. “Anna, take the Beta garrison. Kedi take your team into the tunnels but leave Adam, Joe, Charlie, and Dean with me. Flynn and Sandy go with Kedi okay, be safe.” The omegas nodded, not looking happy but following orders.
Castiel stood by him, unyielding at attention with his hands behind his back. Dean was proud of his angel, knew he was lucky to have this fantastic being by his side. He felt love flow through him, his heart thump faster, and tears pricked his eyes. Dean whispered a silent prayer to his angel for calming gratitude.
“Sure, Anna promised. Plus, we can keep in touch via text and computer.” Charlie whispered and looked around, making sure no one could hear her.
“We all had our first before we entered here. Once you’re here, you won’t have another until you leave the agency. I have no clue what they work out, to stop it.”
Castiel, Hannah, and Jody said goodbye. Dean stood with Pam. Starting on the next journey of his new life.
“As I love you.” The angel smiled softly at the affection he was receiving. “Now I have permission from Anna and Michael to take you three to a theme park. How about we have fun on your birthday?”
“I have you, sweet boy. I will take care of you.” Castiel stops and kisses Dean’s nose, his eyes going crossed.
Dean went to bed early, his head hurt, and he just wanted to sleep, and tell the world to stop for a while.
Dean arches his back and groans with relish as pleasure zips through his tense body. Castiel moves his hands to Dean’s feathers, hoping to find the oil glad’s, usually developed by the time the omegas reached heat. The angels not disappointed though, the thick clear liquid that smells just like his boy is leaking copious amounts down Dean’s thick feathers. Lapping it up like a rare treat, he purrs around the tiny nubs.
“Okay, sweetie, let me get Charlie she will show you around. She’s been here for a while and volunteers for us.” Jace told Dean.
“I will meet you down by the elevators in the morning. That desk over there.” the older girl points to the desk that leads to the elevators. “It’s where you will pick up your paperwork, lessons, and daily schedule. You and Adam are the only ones allowed on the top floor. Castiel is the only alpha seraphim and commander of God’s own garrison, that’s why he gets that spot. The four archangels, Gabriel, Raphael, and Samael they have mates. Michael was the only one left. Don’t trust Adam; we assume he passed on news from here back to his angel. Some of us have been in trouble, and he’s the sole one that could have done that. Be safe up there.”
“Zeta garrison, stand to attention please,” called Kedi, his navy blue breastplate denoting his rank of a Thrones angel. Most Thrones angels were beta, but like Castiel, he was rare and was an alpha. “I know we have worked over the battle plans a thousand times, but our primary aim is to protect Dean at all costs. Get him and the commander to the stone and stop the apocalypse before it starts. We will encounter demons, they will try to stop us, but other garrisons around us will clear our path. So we should not have to fight unless imperative.”
Castiel came on silent wings, but one by one they all noticed the commander. The buzzing noise of voices calmed slightly. Charlie clapped and squealed as she saw her friend.
Dressing in blue jeans and a plain green tee-shirt, getting ready for the day. Adam and Charlie greeted him.
“Okay, but I’m going on faith alone here, Uriel.” Samandriel let Uriel out of his cell. Uriel hugged his younger brother.
Dean sat down. It shook him up, but this was not the strangest thing to have happened to him, so he went with the flow. “My title is a guardian angel; I help individuals out those that need an angel’s guidance. Chuck asked me to support you and my brother. There are tests, steps if you must that you had to complete verifying, that you were the ones he prophesied.”
“Mmm.” Hummed the archangel in bliss, munching on the chocolate chip cookies. “These are great Dean. Castiel is a lucky angel.”
“Yes, remind me never to get onto it again myself.” Castiel shivers. Still, in awe of his beautiful mate.
Dean flew to the Heavenly plains and touched all the injured, healing them instantly, renewing them. He flew down to Lucifer and bowed to his older brother.
Dean went over, and he heard people call out. “Go for it, Dean.” We’re here for you Dean.” the omega grinned, not knowing these people but having their loyalty meant something.
Dean shuffled into the sunny kitchen. It was white and light blue with driftwood, cabinets and counters. Anna and Charlie were at a table that sat on a flagstone floor.
Castiel closes his mind for a split-second, letting her babble on. Knowing their link was now open. He can hear Dean scream his dad’s name over and over.
Michael unbound them and set the bonds in a charred bowl. He placed his hands over the bowl, muttering an enchantment in Enochian. The bindings lit up, the fire like a kaleidoscope of colours that represented the rainbow. The fire did not last long and died down quickly. The charred remains were left behind. Michael then got a cedar box off the table behind him. Enochian symbols lightly engraved into the box. He brushed the ash into the box and blessed it.
“You have no clue, do you? Dean is mine, just as I am Deans. I will not tell you about him because you will never see what an amazing person he is and its wasted breath on you. He has people who love him, and that’s all that matters. You are a disgrace, nothing, dirt under my boot. I can’t wait to wipe your snivelling existence off the face of this planet.”
“Oh my gosh, we can have so much fun, Dean. We will get Kedi and Maze to join us. Will they be guards because it will piss the commander off?” Kate giggled.
Adam, Joe, and Dean were still holding hands, and laughing with joy. The walls turned to all shades of the rainbow; it cooled down, where it was immensely hot and warmed up, where it was unduly cold. There was no sign of any shadow people, wisps, or tentacle monsters.
“Go to my uncles? Yes, but not yet. I will remain here until you guys leave. I need the money and a safe place to stay. That’s where you will come in, that’s if you will help me?”
“Aww, such a good boy doing what he’s told. You have him trained well, angel. Little shit never did what I told him.”
Dean grinned and held his laugh inside, his stomach shaking. Castiel shook his head and walked by the older man.
Tears cascaded down Dean’s face he never knew his older lover could be so eloquent with words. “Cas,” he whispered, voicing everything he felt with just his angel’s name.
They all repeated the two words, shouting them out because they all knew Castiel and Dean represented genuine love. We’re going to last forever. Would help in any way they could.
“Really?” Adam jumped up so quick; his chair went with a clatter onto the floor. Charlie squealed in delight.
“I am sorry for anything I said or did towards you. You’re a good brother.” With that, he jumped to the window and opened it. “I’ll see you soon brother.” Uriel opened his grey and white mottled wings and flew down to earth.
Castiel realises that he had this all wrong, this test was all about Dean all along. Is it too late to get his lover back? Dean flys away, but he finds his angel, and falls, will Castiel save him in time?
Castiel grasped Dean’s chin and faced him. The only light was from the blue glow of his grace; his black feathers were blocking out any light from the room.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, taking the comment on board, but knew that nothing could harm him. The angel’s grace was still humming at the surface of his skin, itching to come forth. “You brought this on yourself, John. I remember clearly saying at the time of our first meeting. If you ever and I mean ever, and I will live for a long time. Touch a hair on Dean’s head I will kill you. I see your evil imprint on what’s mine. Before Dean was not my mate now, he is. I may kill you.”
“Please join us for a feast, to celebrate our brother’s life.” the archangel left, and everybody bowed in respect.
“We will watch him Castiel, but he will require therapy and only morning school for now. He needs rest and some tender care.”
Castiel and the other angels went with Dean, Adam, Charlie, and Joe as they swept forward and entered the room.
Gabriel grinned when the other angels raised their eyebrows at him. “What! Why do they get all the fun?” He sulked, winking at Dean.
“There are eight entrances to Hell around the world,” whispered Charlie to her friends. “Anak and Zakum lead the garrisons, which encompass over ten thousand angels. That’s why the commander joined them up. So they would guard anything going in or out. Don’t forget some creatures lurk in the shadows here on earth that they can seek for help to fight on their side.”
The smaller angel sat up sharply. “Yes, of course, I will catalogue it, Hannah.” The angel opened a draw on her desk and pulled out a small black box. Inside were various compartments, some empty, others not. Jace pulled out a leather bracelet with strange symbols.
“Are you crazy?” shouted Felice, slashing her sword and lopping a tentacle clean in half. It covered the angel from head to foot in a foul-smelling, violet gloop.
“Sam, no one will hurt your brother, they would not live to accomplish the task,” Castiel growled out.
“Yeah, goodnight Adam.” Dean continued to his door and rolled his eyes, making sure the other boy could not see him. He was going to be in big trouble, but it was worth it.
“You need permission to go into each other’s rooms, and my angel won’t give it. Press your key card to the door. Goodnight Dean, enjoy your water.”
“Amber, I need to get up to visit Dean. Mertha and I have to run up to his room. Call Gabriel and Pam, this is a level two emergency. Sound the alarms.”
“I know buddy.” Dean ruffled the smaller boy’s hair it had grown so long it covered his eyes. “I want us to stay with Uncle Bobby.”
“I better.” Dean did not feel like it, but he ate what he could. His stomach was doing somersaults, his heart beating an intermittent rhythm in his chest. He hoped Charlie would find out what was going on soon.
“I’m a Necrophile, bet you ain’t heard about my kind, have you boy?” John laughed. It turns into a hacking cough.
“It’s been trying to lead me astray; I knew something was not right. Deans not shy, nor would he call me sweetheart. They do not treat their omegas well down here. They forget others treat them better. I knew it was not my Dean, from how it acted around me.”
“What! And miss your birthday, not a chance.” Castiel put a parcel down on the table next to the others. “Happy birthday, love.”
Dean leaned into the angel’s firm body, and Castiel pulled him in closer.“I’m never letting go again.” whispered the angel.
Castiel combed his fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean purred at the familiar, comforting touch.“I love your eyes; they’re so intensely green. The colour, they change with your moods. Your freckles are like the constellations in the night sky; angels watch over you. I love that your kind, even towards those that have pained you. I love your serious side and your fun-loving side. I love that you set a tea bag in my cup before you go to bed, so it’s ready for me in the morning. I love that you put fresh flowers in our nest. I love it when you place your arms around me because I feel whole. Before I met you, I felt like the other half of me was missing. I want you, all of you, for now until the world no longer turns. I will worship the very ground you walk on.”
“Dean Winchester, you will look at me. You have suffered, you are not a victim but a survivor. If it takes every day until this world ends, me saying that you are unbelievable, then I will do it.” growls, Castiel, needing to hunt down John Winchester for what he had done to this sweet boy.
Dean smiled, the one that Castiel loved, the one that he rarely gave but lit up his entire face. It was like the sun coming out after a violent storm when you thought the oppressive darkness would swallow you up and you would never see the light of day again.
Dean and Castiel find out what there mating caused to the outside world. Chuck pays them a visit but Castiel is not happy with the almighty.
Dean never realised his brain was shrieking his dads, name, that his mate could hear him loud and clear. Dean relaxed, glad that he had his angels’ support. Castiel made him seem safe, made him realise he could achieve anything he wanted. Castiel gave him wings to fly.
“What! Dean ran off Pam, we must have scared him... I had to fight Uriel off him; I have no idea where he went.”
“I-I was travelling into the next cave system. How was I to know this would happen?” Dean stammers and shakes disturbed at what he’s witnessing.
Castiel takes the letter and reads it. Expecting a reprimand or punishment from the way he’s guarding himself. The feel of shame and regret hums through Deans veins. No, this will never do.
Castiel remembered the day Dean had told him about the nightmares. How lost he had felt that Dean had not trusted him to help.
“They will expect us to continue to the gate with the slightest traffic. The demons will have their weakest troops in Kentucky and their strongest at the other locations.” Dean stated with a tone of certainty. “They will think that Cas will keep me away from the worse of it.”
Dean peered down and speculated on the sweats and hoodie he was wearing. He knew better than to argue with the angel.
“That’s all I have left at the moment.” Dean closed his eyes and exhaled, not wanting to panic. Getting his bag, he continued to his old room. It was hell. Lying and hurting Cas like went against his better nature. One way or the other, he hoped they could get through this.
“Hush, Dean calm you’re breathing it's getting erratic. Why would I be mad? What is this about?” Castiel questioned softly.
The holding cell was a small round room, with sigils and every known warding mark on the walls. There was a demon trap in the centre of the place, but Crowley skirted around it. Dean noted that some sigils were lit up, striking gold against the black paint of the walls.
“Castiel’s getting this service award. The world will watch; you can’t let your mate down. Now let’s go down, or we will show our mates up.”
Charlie wiped his sweaty brow and held her friend’s hand. “This will over soon, Dean, hang on a little longer.”
They rushed into their bedroom with haste. Dean getting dressed in jeans and a white tee-shirt with a green button-down. Slipping on thick socks so his feet would remain warm. Castiel had vanished by the time he came out, so he sauntered downstairs. Hoping his mate had started breakfast.
“Joe saved Castiel’s life, Astra. I will always accept him into our nest; he’s a loyal friend.” Dean told the angel.
by Metallica. They ate, danced and talked to all their friends. Cutting the cake which was delicious. The happy couple remained hand in hand and got lost in each other’s eyes. Like two lovers should on their big day, forgetting their troubles just for a time.
Dean chuckled, and Adam whooped. Castiel put his arms around all the omegas, and with a whoosh, they vanished.
Castiel rests his forehead against Deans. “Hush sweetheart, I have you. I will take care of you. Your mine, all mine.”
“Yes, I do. It will require altering, but it will be ready for graduation. What’s that you have in your pocket, young man?” Mertha wondered, intrigued.
“Fuck, you bastard,” yelled John, getting up. “You could have killed me, but you ain’t got the balls. Weak, sissy, no son of mine.”
Castiel turned back around the corner and told the two Omegas to approach. Anna squealed when she saw Charlie and hugged her, glad to have her mate back in her arms once more.
“Wow, thanks Mertha, this looks amazing.” Dean’s eyes lit up with wonder at the spread and presents.
Dean told Sam and Bobby his news. And what had happened at the agency? His new job and his award and the nest. “I wanted to tell you guys that I asked Cas to marry me.”
Jody Mills comes to see Dean and sees the abuse he's suffered. Dean gets to meet his angel and Johns day gets steadily worse.
The alarm woke him with a piercing beep, sitting up in a slight daze. Smiling, he ran his hand through his messy bed hair. Dean had it cut on the persistence of Mertha. Not too short, as he knew his angel liked to run his fingers through it. Dean had spoken to Michael about the ceremony, and all was ready. Breathing in and out slowly, he went and grabbed a shower. Being a Nephilim meant that he did not have to shave so regularly, but today he did. Drying his hair with a soft towel, he ran gel through it, making it spiked.
Dean got encouragement from his angel and took a shaky breath. “I had no clue about all this. So, I can only tell you what’s in my heart. Cas, I thought, no one wanted me. I thought I was unloved. It scared me when I came into the agency. I had heard so many terrible stories from here. Then Hannah and Pam treated me with such compassion and kindness, and it felt like they had switched a light on. Then I met you, and I knew I had found my home. I know it’s taken us some time to get there. So, many difficulties put in our way. I love you, so very much. Thank you for giving me a home, friends and family. Thank you for showing the world is full of love. Your love will always shine brighter than any star, it will always lead me home, even in the darkest of nights.”
“Hey, there now let me breathe. How are you doing sugar? You look like a bunch of hellhounds are after you.”
“I love my lessons even though they’re difficult. I have friends, but not ones I can trust like you and Adam. I-I don’t think this sadness is coming from me.” Dean looked both bewildered and concerned.
“Let’s play in the computer room,” suggested Charlie. “The winged monkeys are not around, so let’s have fun while we can.”
Castiel was watching his lover and his dad. Proud of his Dean for sticking up for those people who cared for others. Those who wanted that second chance. “I will be right at your side, love, holding your hand.”
Castiel flies them back and takes him to the agency infirmary so that the healers can work on Dean. They strip him and put soft cotton pants and a t-shirt on him and place him into a hospital bed, in a room by himself. The older angel let Charlie and Anna visit, but that’s all for now.
Castiel started crying, his shoulders shook. Knowing what he had lost and could never gain back. Dean could, however, feel the ache in his angel’s heart, feel the love radiating off him. Feel how scared and thoroughly shattered he was at losing him. Dean saw Castiel was fiddling with the ring he had given him. Still feeling out of sorts, like his limbs did not belong to him, his temperature increasing, his clothes sticking to him. He coughed, trying to ease his tight chest. Castiel dropped the ring, it bounced off rocks and skidded into a crack, and they could pick up a tiny sound as it fell the distance halfway down the hole.
“I have never cried as much since I joined the agency.” Dean laughed, feeling slightly unbalanced about his show of emotion.
Dean, Adam, Gabriel and Michael trained hard in hand to hand combat. Amy, Gabriel’s mate, would not be fighting, but she made armour for the omegas to wear. With a little help from the other agency omegas. Weaving magic into the threads to stop weapon penetration, spell casting or other tricks the demons of Hell could employ on them.
Walking with purpose, he placed his hand on his trusted weapon. Wearing his battle dress, he was every part of the powerful garrison commander that everybody feared. It would stop, he thought to himself. His mate had been through enough pain to last a thousand lifetimes.
Dean examined the portal and saw his mate lying in the grass on what looked like a mountainside. Surrounded by angels, and was that Charlie? Dean daring to tiptoe forward noticed a couple of incorrect details within the picture. Number one, they were in the middle of a war, and no way would his angel sit around laughing and joking amid a field. Two Castiel always wore his bee socks on such occasions and three Charlie had red hair, not brown. Dean knew instantly these creatures had no clue what his friends looked like.
“No,” Dean shouted in panic. Jumping up and crossing over to the rocks. Trying in vain to stop them from closing, even deciding to get back out the way he had come. A powerful gust riled up, and he had to place a hand over his face. The sand was so intense he lost. Sitting down again and became slightly forlorn.
Dean gets back from helping Cal and bumps into his tormentors. Are Adam and Charlie hiding something from him? Dean sees them talk to an angel he's seen talking to his tormentors.
“No, baby, he’s not. Just stop where you are, okay?” pleaded the redhead who was becoming more uneasy with every sentence her friend murmured.
They established the food fight, fries, burgers, jello, ice-cream, soda. Others followed, screaming, hiding behind overturned tables. Dean used his powers to catch his targets. It would catch Castiels attention he should never use it in the walls of the agency. Dean slipped over, and he injured his arm. A bruise blossomed on it. He learned this was to determine if his mate would heal him. Adam smashed ice cream into Charlie’s hair, and she grabbed a can of cream from someplace and squirted it on to his head. Gabriel materialised sprinkles on top of the cream, and Dean burst out laughing.
Castiel waved the comment aside with his hand. “Its fine Dean eat before it gets cold. Then you can open your gifts.”
When Castiel had got up to get the pie. Charlie and Adam whispered to their friend. “The commander has so got a Dom brow going.” giggled Adam, snorting into his coke.
“How?” she choked for breath. Closing her eyes, her chest grew still, her body turning to cherry blossom that wafted over the hell beasts. They screeched in torment and scrambled out of the cave. Some angels followed, slaying the easy spoils.
“Cassie, I’m glad you ran to me with this. I will watch him, If anything arises, I will come to you.”
Mertha pushed through to Dean in urgency. “Dean put this over your head immediately. It’s a talisman it will offer you protection in Hell.”
After breakfast Dean opened his presents with childlike delight. “I’ve never had birthday presents before.” He remarked.
They all marched down the corridor, all on full alert now, to anything the demons could or would throw at them.
Dean went out of Bartlett and checked the lake. It was a warm day, and he took his jacket off. The road was quiet, and a few cars passed him, none stopped. He drank water and a few snacks he had in his bag. The day waned into evening, and he knew he had to find shelter. There was a modest barn that he guessed belonged to a farm. Creeping into it, pulling hay from the loft to create a bed. Putting his bag for a pillow, he put his jacket over himself. The night was chilly, and he fell into a restless sleep. He dreamt about black wings that sheltered him and kept him warm.
“Little omega, do you know the story in the bible of Nephilim of old?” Madan spoke to Dean, his brown eyes watchful.
Shouting orders in his native tongue. The angel ordered his garrison to search for Dean. Find the boy no matter what. John was out there and their enemies. Castiel clicked his fingers and was covered in armour. His pants were leather, and his ankle boots were brown. The angel had gold stars on his shoulder denoting his leadership and rank, his trusty sword by his side. His four onyx wings sprouted from his back, and three golden halos shone so brilliantly they blinded even the angels that stood in the room.
There grew a shrill peep, and a robotic voice spoke. “All humans back to your accommodations, this is not a drill. All humans back to your accommodations, repeat this is not a drill.”
“I will Dean thank you, but I think those boys, they’re not-” Adam looked at the door again, not sure how to convey his thoughts.
“Aschaniis ol oiad tahila Dean,” Lucifer told the young omega. “I hope you will look after each other. Love each other and treasure every moment you have with each other.”
The two angels kept low and grabbed the omegas. With their garrison at their backs, the two angels got the two injured humans out of the present cave system; unmolested by the beast.
Hannah smiled sadly. “Please don’t apologise for issues you have no control over. Have a pleasant evening; it’s almost suppertime.” the angel inclined her head and left.
The second aim was for Castiel and Dean to get at the stone and see what that was all about. The lovers knew that it was essential and would have hell thrown at them. The minute the Fates had an inkling they were moving towards the stone.
“Don’t worry, little one.” Charlie chirped,” But if he does that thing with his eyebrow, just know that trouble’s brewing.”
“Well, you won’t again. The commander’s the only one. Now leave I have work. Nice to meet you, Dean, I think we will discover great things from you.” then the angel turns and starts tapping on her computer.
“I have no idea where Cas is. If he’s stuck in Heaven or not, he may not hear me, Sammy. I can’t take that chance.”
“Free will can work both ways, angel. Between good and evil, it’s a precarious balance.” Crowley explained to Gabriel and his son.
Further up they arrived at a large hall. It had another entrance to the back, and it enclosed the entire room in oak panelling, making it dark. The enemy was waiting, creatures of every description, imaginable. There were monsters with one eye, some with more, thin and fat — horns that curl wickedly on their heads. A fire gleamed in their eye sockets, some with faces missing, grubs eating flesh. Others had hands, others have hoofs, the same went for their feet. Their teeth sharp as raisers, laughing at their prey. Others even had wings, but they were spindly and made of bone.
“Then you come to me. If you have concerns about my mental health, talk to my mate. But not in the middle of the agency’s common room.”
“We have been told to keep you entertained, but we will show you the truth. Your friends and mate do not want you. They have left you down here to rot.” the laugh that echoed the chamber made Dean shiver, a chill racing up his spine.
The shadows hissed, and he saw them move out of the corner of his eye. “They do not care, they have long left the chamber of Hell.” The many voices raised in anger.
Castiel had flown to the lobby, where they accepted the new humans. Upon spotting Hannah, he hastily went over to her.
Castiel got the location, and he stood there, in the dank, dark alleyway, was dripping with filth and ungodliness.
Castiel sat forward. Red flashed in his eyes. “I’m your son’s mate, John Winchester. If you ever and I mean ever, and I will live for a long time. Touch a hair on Dean’s head; I will kill you. Do you understand me? If I hear, about you taking revenge, if I hear about you trying to get him back, anything that puts his welfare or life in peril, you won’t live another day. I have my rights, as his mate.” Castiel said it so quietly and deadly that even Hannah felt dread at the words of the mighty angel.
“Dean. My star, my guiding light, will you bond with me? The other half of my grace, the very reason for my existence.” Blue sought green in integrity, reverence and truth.
The last sphere was dark, almost midnight blue, like the night’s sky. On closer inspection, there were pinpricks of light, and he could see the constellation of stars, Orion, Perseus, and The Pleiades among others. Then shooting stars shoot across the glass, lighting up the globe within. Dean gasped in awe at the pure beauty of this fantastic gift.
When Dean goes into the bathroom, he checks in the mirror. His eyes are a golden yellow flecked with the green of his iris.
“You don’t get to cum, not until I say so.” Castiel orders and nips the omegas earlobe, sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
“I had no inkling I would be in danger, or I would have told you. I mean, if I said the improper action, to the wrong creature, Francis told me.”
“I rank fifth as the most powerful angel in the known universe, Sam. Dean could be a potential target. I could not let him be by himself. We do not leave our mates without sufficient protection.”
“I’m pleased to see you here today.” Michael beamed at all the students focusing on him. “Your progress may be hard, entering a different reality. Angels have chosen human mates for thousands of years, and we take the responsibility seriously. Watching you grow, tending to you, encouraging you to face your true worth, in our society. We promise to propel you towards a stronger future. Though we have awards for academic progress, using your intelligence and resources is an excellent part of one’s self. Kindness, heart, charity, and patience are likewise a remarkable accomplishment to grasp. We require many elements from our mates but expect love and support back from your angels. Go out into the world and know that we are proud of every one of you.”
Castiel moved his hand swiftly to his sword, and his blade popped out from his grace. Fingers were twitching to end this miserable demons’ life. A rumbled growl started low in his chest. How dare he speak of his Dean in such derogatory terms?
Astra won’t care if he does it. It will just be me doing all the work. That’s why he plays up so she will notice him.”
Dean stood by Castiel, still a little put out, by the earlier interaction. The angel pulled him in and held him. “I’m always going to look out for you, baby boy, get used to it.” The angel whispered tenderly into his mates’ ear. Dean huffed but melted into the embrace, glad to have his angel back.
Castiel ran back to the elevators. Once descended, he searched for the boy. Skidding to a halt, he grabbed for him.
Dean, Adam and Charlie ate their food, chattering about their friend’s latest adventure’s. Dean could see that Castiel was talking to Mertha. The angel turned, and the omega knew he was requesting permission, and he nodded his head. Castiel smiled and hugged his sister.
They had placed white chairs in a semi-circle around the arbour, leaving a clear path to the stage. Anna and Janey decorated them with flowers. They would not wither and die with the enchantments on them. Both angels had a mixture of blossoms, making certain the scent of Jasmine, Lavender and Rose would not only look wonderful but invigorate the senses.
Castiel’s gut instinct told him this was all wrong, and it had never led him astray before. So, he followed until he could come up with a plan.
Adam snorted a laugh. “No, my assumption is magic, and tell you the truth, I’m glad, not looking forward to it.”
Pain shot across the angel’s face. “I want you. It was never about taking a human mate, or any mate. I knew something was going on and Chuck would not tell me. It was like he was taking my free will away. I had to keep away from you, and I saw the pain that caused you. I am genuinely sorry for that Dean.”
Eyes sought him out, but Dean just snorted; remaining quiet on the subject. His angel’s wings were badass, so what did he care either way.
They both hit the Banana Republic first but found nothing that they liked. Sam and Castiel discovered quite by accident a family-owned tailor shop. It was down one of the back streets of the town. A father and daughter team called Smithson’s ran the shop. They both perused their offerings.
Dean fell into a profound depression. Would not eat or drink enough. Missed classes and would not get out of bed. Gabriel went to visit him. So did Cam, but he wanted one angel, and that angel did not want him, or so he guessed. Over the next week, everybody sought to get the omega up; even if that was to shower. Pam dropped in but could not make the young boy complete any task. A message reached Anna; a visit from the omegas best friend would undoubtedly do the trick.
The angels rushed to Dean’s room and searched around. The closet door was swinging open, and the room was a mess. The cameras altered, and his computer was perching on the couch.
“I have to, leave Anna.” It devastated Castiel at abandoning Dean. His body wanted the young omega, but he needed to leave. Breathing through his nose, he hissed out. “I can’t stay, tell him I will be back, that I love him.” With that, he flew away. All they could see were claw marks on the door.
“What if Chuck finds that I helped my mate? I encouraged him to leave the agency and never reported it — for the same reason, I never visited Dean in the hospital. I know they would reprimand me. I made a promise to my mate to protect him. I will face any punishment that comes my way.”
Midnight arrived, and they shut the screen off, so they entertained themselves by telling ghost stories, finding some flashlights and running in and out of the passageways, both boys’ and girls’ dorms making noises, and giggling like little children.
“Commander, we discovered a child in an alleyway, by 3rd street. Demons surround him. What are our orders?”
They got to the common area. Adam went to sit on the stage. High back wooden seats were waiting for the elders.
Castiel backed up slightly. This creature was not his Dean. The angel gave it a once over, and there it was, invisible to the naked eye, in the creature's heart a lump of burning coal.
“They’re not very sweet with the nigh…” Dean realised what he was going to say and shut his mouth with a click. Looking down, feeling ashamed.
John pushed Dean, flinging him onto the empty road. His head hit the concrete with a crack. Feeling dazed, the omega could hardly see with the rain and the fuzzy feeling in his head. The older man was just about to put the blade into Dean’s torso when there was a flash of light.
Dean stood up furiously, his eyes flickering yellow. “There are good people out there — the ones you say that love. I have encountered people sacrifice themselves for the greater good. People who help the poor, people who care about their community. Those who fight for their country, those who fight for people who have no voice. There is love in the world.”
Castiel jumped up and saw it happen in slow motion. He called for his wings, and in a flash, he flew down, gaining speed — the rush of air whistling as he gained momentum. Finally, he caught Dean by the arm and grabbed him.
“No, child, they are not. Castiel taught us, such a lot of important facts. He encouraged us to have feelings, to love and have faith in each other. It was Chuck’s plan, after all. We are not born to be automatons, and then Chuck wanted us to take omega mates. The humans did not take kindly to omegas, and we could not stop them; free will and all that. Now and then we would set a restart, but it would take place over again. History renews itself. We waited for the Star human and angel, the ones who would free us all. Then a certain green-eyed boy wandered through the agency doors and everything slotted into place.”
“I love you Cas.” Dean fought back the tears, but he would not show his brave mate up in front of an entire battalion of angels. He could barely manage a smile; hands slipped out of his angels, not daring to turn back as he trudged over to his garrison.
So I asked what the best song would be for the angels to sing and everyone voted for Hallelujah. I listened to it when writing this. The Destiel one...
Sam sorted through the pile of books on his desk and brought a dusty old tomb out of the stack. Thumbing through it, he found the page marked about omega powers.
The younger angel closed her eyes, and all the surrounding angels stopped what they were working on. Suddenly there was a flurry of activity, and an alert was going, but purely so the angels could hear it.
It bore Dean; he had nothing to occupy his mind. Gabriel and Castiel were not about that weekend. No other person trusted available.
“That’s great Sammy, truly proud of you. Castiel wants you to have a guardian angel of sorts. So, when your powers develop, they can aid you.”
“That's brilliant son, the tools are in the shed, the keys here.” the man picked a set of keys up from a table by the front door. The man seemed to wobble, and Dean stepped forward.
“That’s why you want to see your uncle? I get that, but why Hades?” grinned Adam, coming up with a name for Crowley.
“How can you after all I’ve done?” the angel coughed, blue and white grace leaking faster out of every orifice.
Bobby came out and stood next to him and shot a round of salt into the demons. “Don’t just stand there talking princess, get them dead.”
There was a scuffle of movement from behind them; he felt a warm hand on his back. There he found a furious alpha angel in full protection mode stood a little in front of him.
“Okay, that sounds like a good deal. Anything else, what about the water and the bracelet?” The omega sniffs.
Clearing of throats behind him, Castiel turned. “Commander, we sorted the humans out there are none left, but more will return. We better start heading toward the stone room.”
Dean nodded, glad that his friend understood him. “I also wish Castiel had his ring. They never recovered it.”
Dean felt something touch him on the shoulder; his heart thumped quicker, adrenaline buzzing through his veins. “Who’s there?” he hollered, searching around but finding no answers. An evil cackle rang out; it echoed off the walls. Then Dean saw, from the corner of his eye, a flickering dark, human silhouette.
Dean smiled, it was blinding, lighting up his youthful face. Castiel gripped his arm, and the warm tingle of grace flowed between them. Healing all of Dean’s ailments, all his pain, his scars.
Castiel stood beside his young lover and grasped his hands tighter, staring into jade green eyes that constantly dragged him in. “Love when this world is dust, and we are atoms. We will be one with the sky our love with never vanish. No one can keep us apart; no one will declare we are wrong, purely good. Love will win over wars and brutal words. Love will build bridges and repair bones. Love is more powerful than bullets. It’s in the tears of a newborn baby, the rain that falls on a summer’s day and two hearts that beat as one. We will leave to take up arms, and we will stop the Fates bringing Hell to earth; you will discover your rightful place next to my side. You will see your true worth and then you can let the light of your soul flood everyone in its brilliance. I will be there with you every step of the way.”
“Always so dramatic. Now I need to sort the demon traps and salt lines, out. Get the salt guns and everything ready.”
“You’re in your last year, Dean; they will cover that. Even we angels learn new things every day.” Ambriel piped up.
“Cas you have to explain to me what this award all about?” moaned Dean who was trying to remove at his tie.”
“Get back before the elevators shut down,” Anna told Charlie. “I need to get to my brother before he tares his hair out.”
Mr Rogers, the old man’s next-door neighbour, had further work for him the next weekend, so Dean was pleased. His body throbbed with all the jobs done that day. The senior man insisted on giving him $20 for his trouble, but he felt wrong taking it. When he got back, he grabbed a shower and went into the shrine of charity. Dean left the $20, knowing good would come from it. Coming back up, he rolled his eyes and saw Joel, Raz, his tormentors.
Dean sits listening to music, calming his mind. Maybe he had been a little harsh on them both. The look on Castiel’s face still was priceless.
“It’s a good job; I got to you before Dean.” Castiel’s growl rumbled like thunder. His arms crossed over his chest, watching his dad’s every move.
Dean and Castiel were allowed a couple of days reprieve, before being called back to get things sorted for the ever-looming war. Castiel spent most of his time in heaven though Dean missed him, the omega knew this was important.
“The next award is our Progress and Charity award. Now this person has merely been at the agency a year and has achieved level two of the angel awards.”
Castiel stood on Everest, the world below lay at his feet. The wind and snow whirling around him, his arms were outstretched, his eyes ablaze with azure grace. ‘
Dean finds out a secret and runs away. Charlie and Anna help in there quest to find their new friend.
“Yeah, why not, what harm will it cause?” Dean shrugged, his seventeen-year-old brain telling him it was a remarkable idea.
Dean stops and closes his eyes for a second and turns. No other than John Winchester stands before him with a team of humans at his disposal. He should have known the object he formerly knew as dad would work for Hell. Deans heart rate spikes a little, his fingers going slightly clammy around his blade. He flexes his fingers for a steadier hold but never takes his emerald green eyes off the man.
“I have no idea; I never saw him leave.” Charlie glanced around, puzzled as if her friend would just appear.
“Yes, Castiel of cause and I accept. I look forward to it. Is there anything else you require me for?”
“Your half-angel sweet cheeks. Your mom was an angel; the Campbell’s are an old name in the angel world.” The doctor explained.
“I should have guessed why you two became friends.” laughed Anna looking warmly at the friends. The angel smiled at the two humans. It was the first time her mate had found a genuine friend. Dean would be in her life for a long time, she could hear that now.
Dean thought to himself. He saw a boy who sat with his feet up on another chair, reading twilight? Dean thought less of him for that. He had short brown hair and a long nose. He looked at him and narrowed his eyes.
Castiel shook his head; red dots danced in his vision. Turning to the boys, his battle hard eyes grew soft. Extending his arm out, he sought permission from the twins, who inclined their heads in gentle agreement. The commander squeezed the boy’s shoulders and thanked them for saving them. The angel knew it could be a lot worse without them. Glancing down at Eremiel, he swept sweaty strands of bronze hair out of his brother’s face.
Dean unpacked his clothes and put them away; he placed his computer and a few items on the shelves. A picture of him, Adam and Charlie at last year’s graduation. A glass angel figurine and a picture of him and his mom when he was a baby.
“Oh, you alpha angels.” tutted the woman. “Francis, leave or we will have a major incident on our hands.”
“They never wanted human mates; we observed them talking. Maybe they performed some deal. With me away with my garrison it’s been harder to look into the situation.”
Castiel finds himself in a vast labyrinth of rooms. The angel lost count of how many he’s drifted into. There was no way out, no exit; something trapped him. The angel found it strange in all the rooms. There were people sitting chatting, eating, playing games, but no one’s taken notice of him. He was a ghost, invisible to the naked eye, floating from one room to the next. Castiel went up to a group of girls waving his hand in front of their faces, but there was no recognition that he was present.
