This one, that’s who. Steve was a 19-year-old anomaly. A freaking considerate, mystical alpha unicorn. A once in a lifetime person.
In his defense, it hadn’t been hard to go without before Steve. Obie’s arms had been little more than shackles around him.
they panted, desperate for any scrap of affection from Steve.
Steve held his gaze evenly. “What does it look like? I wanted to practice my sketching.”
“Buck!” Steve called out. “Our guests are here!”
Tony was immensely grateful for the consideration. With his size, it’d be too easy to choke.
If anyone is still reading after such a long hiatus (or reading for the first time), I hope you’re doing as well as possible during these current stressful and scary times. 2020 is literally cursed.
Steve cut the ignition. His nostrils flared. “
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. Record scratch.
“Christ, kid. Don’t. Don’t say that to me.” Talking about it made it too real. Made it more than a harmless crush.
“Tony, if I thought there was a chance you would’ve come, I—”
“You mean guzzling whiskey and turning into a drunken, rage-fueled monster? It was kind of his specialty.”
been having one—a particularly nasty one—but it had stopped the second he’d taken Steve’s hand.
“It’s not too late to give her one.”
A deep, worried line appeared on Steve’s brow. “Forget who?”
“Bucky!” Natasha cried, clinging to him.
reached for him whenever they shared the couch now.
On that cue, ‘
His skinny, unimpressive omega physique couldn’t hold a candle to Steve’s massive, tanned alpha body.
To let Steve go back to being a normal teenager who had crushes on people his own age.
. She’d called him son.
“When you put it like that, how could I say no?” Tony feigned nonchalance, though he made sure the double meaning behind his words was obvious to the teenager.
“Okay,” Steve agreed.
An outpouring of raw emotion rose up inside him. It was as though there was too much feeling filling up his heart.
“I got to have both. My buddies threw a party for me later that night.”
Nestling himself closer, Tony hid his smile in Steve’s shoulder and hit play on the remote.
He moaned into his pillow, squeezing his eyes shut against the sunlight that was attacking him. The curtains were closed but it was still too bright.
Before Tony knew it, he was waist deep in the water, and he was still holding it together.
He was struck with the abrupt feeling that he was walking into a lion’s den. Like the alpha had somehow set this into motion…like it was all one big, giant trap.
“Okay, I know what you’re thinking,” Tony rushed to add, “but I’m not making excuses. I totally intend on learning how to swim. Just…maybe not today. How about next week? Yeah. Next week sounds great.”
Yeah, talking about it had helped, to an extent. He’d felt a slight unburdening, like he’d gotten some of the poison out. But it’d also been terrifying and emotionally draining. They never mentioned that on TV. How you had to walk through hellfire to get to the other side. How it burned. How part of you would rather let the smoke suffocate you than go through it all again, even if it meant never getting any better.
that? Chivalry hasn’t been a thing since the 1800s!” He scrubbed a hand over his face. “Just…just back off, okay? I can take care of myself. I am not helpless.”
Christ, Tony was never gonna get over how the teen’s smile could knock him off his feet. “I’d like that.” Steve hesitated, leading Tony to think that the alpha wanted to do or say something more. Unfortunately, all he said was, “I’ll call you later, baby. Get some sleep.”
“I can think of worse habits.” Steve had turned his head towards Tony in concern, the movie in front of them forgotten.
“Oh no, I’m not falling for that trick, buddy,” he said hotly. Any friendship they might have had had just gone up in smoke. There would be no more fooling himself into believing that they could be just friends after
The teen’s lips quirked into a smirk. “Are you trying to see what I’m doing?”
“Right.” Tony scratched the back of his neck with his free hand, his wet shirt balled up in the other. “Well, this is awkward.” He couldn’t quite look the alpha in the eye and found himself staring off to the side of Steve’s shoulder and throat instead. “How about we agree to forget what an embarrassing mess I just made of myself, and never speak of it again?”
Tony blinked until the stinging cleared, swallowing against the thickening in his throat. “Okay, kid. Yeah. I choose you, too.”
“That was my mother. She was planning on being here but got called into work.” Humor tugged at the alpha’s mouth as he swung the door open wider. “You have the right house.”
Even if Steve-The-Alpha wasn’t almost 10 years younger than him, he’d never want Tony. Disgraced omegas didn’t get happy endings. They didn’t get
. Clever nicknames are reserved for the people we like,” Tony muttered, sinking further into his lounge chair. He and Darcy had a habit of coming up with a variety of different witticisms for the names of their friends. “And he’s not staring at me.”
“Darcy,
Tony and Darcy had front row seats to the Oscar worthy spectacle the kids were putting on in the Romanoff’s backyard. They were sitting under the patio umbrella on the deck, drinking coffee and taking in the nice, morning weather.
A deep rumble that sounded almost like a purr left the alpha’s chest. Steve’s eyes darkened as his nostrils flared and his pupils blew wide. The desire that took over his face was so fierce it was scary. Gone was the teen’s friendly demeanor. Standing in front of Tony now was two-hundred and twenty pounds of turned on alpha male.
There was a bright, fresh hickey adorning his neck by the time Steve left.
“You have the ice cream preference of a person in a much older age bracket. That was the one flavor my grandfather kept stocked in his fridge.”
He might’ve been trying to be more buddy-buddy with his instincts lately, but this was one instance where he was sending them back to their corner for a time out.
“…Okay,” Tony heard himself agreeing. His blood was pounding in his ears so loudly that he was barely aware of what happened next. He remembered rattling off his number and being unable to stop his fingers from shaking as he programmed Steve into his contact list as ‘The Lifeguard’.
“Obie...” A low, murderous snarl. “Is that your old alpha? Was that asshole the father?”
, his mind whispered.
He stared at the teen’s name emblazoned on the fabric.
He ignored the wrenching in his chest and poured himself another shot.
Steve reached down to brush the glitter off Tony’s cheek with his thumb, but Tony’s body took over, remembering all the not-so-pleasant ways alphas had touched him in the past, and he flinched back like a coward at the last second.
Tony didn’t think that would help. He had a suspicion of what would, but he wasn’t sure he was ready for drastic measures yet.
Tony could relate.
“You’re welcome.” A few minutes of silence passed, but Darcy seemed incapable of letting the subject drop. “Don’t worry,” she said encouragingly, like Tony was Steve’s jilted ex-lover and in need of cheering up. “I don’t think you’re getting rid of him that easily. He’s too into you. If you’re this sad and mopey right now, he’s probably acting twice as pathetic. You’ll hear from him again.”
Stomach twisting violently, he reminded himself that he was okay.
“I’m still conscious and able to string together semi-sloppy—uh, wha’s the word? sentences, yeah, those—so I’d say ‘not nearly enough’. What’re you doing here, Rogers?”
Inhaling the heavenly aroma of roasted coffee beans, Tony hesitantly brought the drink to his nose. On one hand, yay, free coffee. But on the other…he had a cardinal rule never to accept drinks from people he didn't trust. And unlike the time at Steve’s house, where he’d been able to watch the alpha make the drink, he couldn’t confirm that it was safe.
The four of them made the most of their free reign over the pool. He and Steve raced the kids with paddle boards, gave Nat and Bucky piggybacks, and were able to spoil them by safely securing them into life jackets, before granting them permission to use the large, winding slide in the deep end. And, hell, Tony would admit it. He took more than one turn on the slide, too.
He had no experience with this kind of attention—with having someone being so heavily focused on him, on making him feel good.
In a show of bravado, he jerkily ripped his shirt over his head. His movements were rash and antsy, and when he flung the offending garment away and mashed his lips onto Steve’s, their noses rammed together awkwardly.
“You couldn’t spare my feelings and lie to me just a little?”
Steve’s grin broadened until it was blinding. It was so infectious Tony couldn’t help but smile back.
He cared about her too. He was getting way too attached to the little menace.
It had started as a way to protect himself. To keep his expectations from getting too high. Life couldn’t hurt as much if he was always prepared for the worst. But somewhere along the way, he’d forgotten how to show himself kindness.
Steve’s expression seemed to close off—another wall slotting into place between them. The distance Tony’s instincts had sensed increased, widening into a gulf.
“So you’re not sticking around,” Rhodey nodded. Then, sounding like he was issuing a challenge, he added, “You know, I spent some time on the college team back in my day. What position do you play?”
“His drinking? Probably. But it’s been over two years since I last had to deal with him. Being disowned has its perks.”
“I don’t like being away from you,” Darcy read aloud from over Tony’s shoulder, sounding like she was about to swoon. “Oh my god. That’s fucking adorable. How often does he say that kind of thing to you? I’m so jealous right now.”
Something bigger than just his fear of being out of control.
“It comes easier for us. But food is fuel and I prefer to put good fuel in my body.”
His guilt wrapped around his throat tighter.
And if part of him thought that he was out of his mind for knowingly putting himself in a confined space with Steve so soon after the-kiss-that-almost-was, well, that was a nonissue. Because the important point here was that he’d stopped himself before anything had happened. Things had gotten a little dicey for a minute there, sure, but he still had things under control. He didn’t have to succumb to his biology.
His inner omega was practically purring and rolling over onto its belly in bliss.
“You’re scared of me,” Steve said, face tight. There was something alarmingly perceptive darkening his blue eyes and causing his jaw to clench. Like he suspected exactly what might cause someone to flinch away from being touched. “I don’t want you to be scared of me.”
Steve motioned towards him. “May I?”
“I think he’d rather have Peggy do it,” Tony sniped, surprised by how uncharacteristically catty he sounded.
like his fault.
Having all that sharply honed, single-minded focus lasered in on him was seriously obliterating Tony’s remaining willpower. And Tony understood, then, exactly why Steve had come to win multiple state championships. Why Steve was the one chosen to captain a bunch of unruly football players.
“That’s a no-no word,” Nat sniffled, still glued to Tony’s side.
Regret weighed down on him. He’d been an asshole. The biggest of assholes. Nay, the
“I will smash that phone, lady,” Darcy informed her.
Tony had been raised to believe that there was something innately wrong with him. He’d been taught to hate everything about his omega nature.
. “Listen, you’ve gotta stop saying these kinds of things to me and being so damn nice all the time, or…”
, Tony realized, eyes widening. “I mean, I, uh, overheard someone calling you that. Not that I was listening for it or anything. I just happened to catch it. So…yeah. That’s how I know your name. It’s not like I looked you up on Facebook. That would be crazy.”
“I didn’t get any text message.”
“Build A Burger. And we should probably go to a location out of town.”
“That’s it? You’re just gonna leave?” At Steve’s searching look, Tony told him gamely, “You can, if you want to. You can kiss me.”
“This doctor was able to create an artificial heart valve out of engineered tissue. The procedure was highly experimental and a breakthrough at the time. It was written about in a ton of medical journals after the surgery was deemed a success, which I gotta admit, kinda cool, right? I can remember my mom taking me to some routine checkups as I got a bit older. I always passed them with flying colors. I haven’t had a single complication since.”
Steve moved to slip his arm around Tony, but Tony subtly shook his head.
“Eh. Tomayto, tomahto. Now you’re just splitting hairs.” Addressing the small crowd of strangers still gathered around him, “I mean, seriously? What’s with all the long faces? I’m alive and well, and as good as new. There’s nothing to see here, folks. Move along.”
“I got you a coffee.” The teen held out a cup towards Tony.
“Nothing,” he lied, pretending everything was fine. “I’m being spoiled with more sugar than the human body can handle. How could anything be wrong?”
Steve really hadn’t been kidding about being proud to be with him.
Tony’s phone buzzed again.
“I’m the most fashionable mermaid in the sea!” she repeated, beaming and showing off her sparkly, pink Band-Aid to Steve.
Humble was the right word.
Something in Steve’s eyes terrified him. Told him that he wasn’t entirely off base with his sarcastic, mean-spirited comment.
Darcy let out a puff of surprised breath. “Oh. OH. Oops. Did I say he was in college? My mistake. Apparently, he, uh, just graduated from high school last month…”
His instincts were in bliss, ready for him to roll over and display his belly in submission. The rest of him wanted to argue that Steve’s pride was misplaced.
Evidently, he was more starved for human contact than he’d realized.
, a perverted voice in the back of his head added unhelpfully.
Lord, give him strength. This much sappy cuteness coming from the alpha was going to give him heart palpitations soon. And he really didn’t need that considering his medical history.
. It was becoming more frequent.
“Unless…” The possibility of rejection sent a ripple of fear through him. Maybe he’d been wrong about last night not changing things... “Unless you don’t want to—”
“Nnnggghhh,” was all Tony could manage. On second try: “I’ll kick your ass if you don’t,” he threatened with a moan.
He was the one making Steve purr now, and now was what mattered.
The teenager, for all his youth, possessed an uncommonly insightful worldly-wisdom.
A few months ago, he’d never have believed that this was possible. No longer was he sitting on the sidelines, held prisoner by his fear as everyone else got to splash around and play in the water. He wasn’t the outsider looking in anymore. He was able to join them.
“It doesn’t bother me. I like the way you ramble.”
Steve shrugged, smiling tightly. “I don’t really care what he thinks of the sport as long as I’m his favorite player.”
Thumb sweeping Tony’s cheek, the teen placed a small kiss on Tony’s jaw, then another at the corner of his mouth, before stopping and hovering there.
“Why?”
?!” Tony exploded, no longer caring if he was making a scene. “YOU ARE, alright?!
One of the older moms at the pool was playing The Beach Boys on a pink boombox and it was making Tony nostalgic as hell.
“Oh. Well. That. See, it’s a funny story, really—”
Some of the shame receded, lessening its hold on him.
Steve had removed his hand and put it down on the couch. “Not tonight, Tony.”
“This was a mistake.”
“I know how you can be of assistance,” an unfamiliar male voice chuckled. It was skeevy in the way that reminded Tony of the annoying catcalls he constantly received.
Nat’s green eyes zeroed in on Tony. “Do you wanna marry Captain Handsome?”
“You look awful,” Darcy eyed him. “And jittery. Why are you so jittery?”
“I’m fine. I was just in the neighborhood. Figured I’d drop by.” It was complete bullshit and Rhodey knew it, but he was too nice to point that out.
“Uh, probably. I don’t think Nat would let me
He was alone. Steve was gone.
It was like he’d regressed to being a hormonal teenager himself. Like he was living a second puberty—the one he should’ve had to begin with. He’d had so much of his youth stolen from him. This must’ve been his body’s way of trying to make up for lost time.
. Tony sucked in a breath. That’s because it
But that was...that was rarer than being highly compatible. That was practically a myth.
, his brain input unhelpfully. He couldn’t even blame that one on Darcy. That thought had been all him.
Apparently not rare enough. Mother nature sure liked kicking him when he was down. He was a magnet for trouble. This was just the kind of ludicrous, disastrous situation only he could find himself in.
“But he doesn’t
He’d been hoping that sharing his recollection of the night he’d almost drowned with Steve would be the magic cure all. Wasn’t that how it worked on those psychobabble shows on TV? Not so much, as it turned out. Television had lied to him.
Omegas weren’t allowed to run their own businesses. They weren’t respected or hired in most stereotypically ‘masculine’ trades, either. He’d had to do a little hacking and falsifying of documents to get the business started. He was posing as Rhodey’s assistant, but after the customers dropped off their small electronics—meeting with him in a public place so as to not give away his address—he was secretly fixing them himself.
Panic and rejection had hit Tony so hard it’d felt like the sky had opened up and fallen on him. He’d been sent reeling.
The memories had become fewer and further between the older he’d gotten.
But Steve’s birthday was a reminder that those obstacles were still there.
sassing me.” Tony narrowed his eyes. “Don’t push it, buddy. You’re on a tenuous friendship probationary period as it is.”
“Which is why you’ve been pining like a deflowered virgin the day after prom night, and checking your phone ten times an hour.”
“Exactly. His name is Steve Rogers, his birthday is July 4
It fed the part of him that had been starving for it. But, at the same time, he was at a loss over how to handle it. As if he’d become so famished—so accustomed to going without—that he no longer knew how to accept what he needed.
“Good,” Rhodey said with cheerful menace. “Because that wasn’t an idle threat. I’ll feed you your intestines and bury you six feet underground.”
He had no intention of being a third wheel.
Because the way he’d felt when he’d kissed Steve might’ve terrified him...but the only thing that scared him more was never exploring it. Never feeling that way again.
He couldn’t breathe. Oh god, he couldn’t
“That’ll be $24.99,” the woman working the concession stand at the drive-in announced as she rang up Tony’s extra-large popcorn—heavy on the butter—root beer Big Gulp and multiple candy packets.
. It was weird. He’d basically received more positive reinforcement from Steve in one day than he had in his entire life, and he honestly didn’t know what to make of it. Ducking his head, “How, uh…how did you know it was a panic attack?”
As the kids were hugging and saying their goodbyes, Steve stuffed his hands into his pockets and peered at Tony from under his baseball cap. “Can I call you tonight?” he asked, coming off more boyishly bashful than someone his size should be capable of.
Much to Tony’s chagrin, a burst of rancorous laughter rang out from the teenagers beside them, drawing Steve’s attention.
“Caffeine buzz,” he lied, clenching his fist to hide the slight trembling in his hand. “I think four shots of Red Bull and expresso might be the limit even for a superior mortal like myself.” He hadn’t slept a wink the night before and was rocking some truly impressive bags under his eyes.
Just like when he’d been six years old.
specific pool and no other pool would do. It was as if she was in cahoots with some higher power that existed solely to make his life more difficult.
Steve’s lips quirked against his throat. “Louder.”
“He’s too loquacious if you ask me—a feature I’m sincerely regretting. Gives the term motormouth new meaning. And it’s not my robot, it’s yours.”
“He’s Tony,” Rhodey said, like that explained it.
Except…
Steve’s teenage infatuation with him was just that…an infatuation.
The older man hadn’t let Tony see Rhodey outside of incredibly rare supervised visits. And Tony had always been made to suffer for them afterwards.
“Six months.” Tony felt his face heat under Steve’s stare. “I’m apparently the eighth nanny her parents have tried. They claim she scared all the others away, yet I’m still hanging in there. She seems to like me for some inexplicable reason.”
As he hurried closer, he saw that the boy had somehow managed to grab Bruce’s glasses and one of his textbooks. Bruce was lunging for them but the boy was mockingly dangling them out of his reach.
Tony rushed to intervene with Steve right behind him. “What happened?” he asked Natasha. Nat had a bit of a problem with lashing out in violence, sure, but she wasn’t one to do it unprovoked. “You know you aren’t supposed to push people.”
He opened his desk drawer and took out the photo he’d hidden away—the one he’d saved but could never bring himself to look at. The one of his 18-week ultrasound.
“I-I…it won’t happen again.”
Steve quelled Tony with an impatient glance and Tony had to stop himself from shrinking back too, because Angry-Steve was honestly kind of scary. No, actually, make that
But something was preventing him from taking that next step…
They were whispering and snickering and making no secret of the fact that Tony was their topic of choice. He couldn’t hear most of what they were saying, but he was able to catch the words “his neck” and “loser”.
His heart almost shot out of his chest.
in large, messy lettering and had made him promise that he’d hang it up on his fridge forever.
“What?” Tony asked, confused yet grateful for the distraction.
, was Tony’s first thought.
The teenager must’ve realized he had better ways to spend his summer than chasing after a disgraced omega. Honestly, Tony should’ve been surprised that it hadn’t happened sooner. Instead, he found himself seized by a panicked disappointment.
Wasn’t the recipient of a shovel talk supposed to conscientiously endure it? These scenarios didn’t usually involve the other party issuing a threat in return and declaring themselves ready to rumble.
No. No, probably not.
Tony bit back the urge to remind Steve that the teenager had been fifteen not all that long ago. Neither of them needed that. “Don’t look so impressed,” he said instead, uncomfortable with Steve’s admiration. “I named him Dum-E for a reason. He was clumsy, regularly insubordinate, and his drivetrain was in major need of improvement.”
Tony shook his head, trying to untangle his tongue.
The streets had been empty due to the late hour, almost giving off the appearance that they were the only two people left in the world. The stars had been bright and visible above them, creating an idyllic glow in the sky.
She passed for at least a decade younger than her advancing years, still in possession of the kind of good looks that could turn heads. Her plastic surgeon had earned every penny.
One woman was even filming Tony on her phone, as if his trauma was little better than entertainment for her social media followers.
They were probably disappointed he’d been resuscitated at all.
“Heard you needed some help with lunch,” Steve said, perfectly normal and friendly, like their disastrous kiss at the pool had never happened. He was holding the box of pizza over his shoulder with one hand, and a video game in the other—and he still looked so unfairly handsome that Tony felt personally attacked. “We’ve got pepperoni and extra cheese, and the new Nick Fury game. Can we come in?”
Bucky had brought notebooks and pencil crayons outside for him and Natasha to use. The bickering twosome had lasted all of five minutes before growing bored. (“I can draw better than you!” “No,
Tony’s eyes widened as a confusing mix of hope and panic clashed inside him. Other than a brief, hurried 60 seconds when he’d collected Bucky’s tablet, Tony had barely spoken to Steve since the teen had dropped an unwanted truth bomb on him.
Jesus, he was going to owe the teenager a bill for all the impromptu therapy sessions Steve had given him soon.
Steve’s voice joined the ranks of the others in his head. They fought off some of the darkness.
Natasha was crying. She was buried into Bruce’s side, large tears sliding down her reddened cheeks. She wasn’t sobbing loudly, but there was something more painful about the quiet nature of her grief. Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen her quite so distraught before.
, Tony’s instincts screamed. He was so wet and primed he was in agony. “Um, yeah, but you can’t...I’m not comfortable doing anything else tonight. That’s as far as I go.”
“Mama got it for me.”
And just like that, Tony was done resisting. “Okay. I guess we can cuddle some more. As long as you never tell anyone that I said the word ‘cuddle’ out loud.”
He decided to drop Steve a hint. Maybe help move things in the right direction.
Reality, however, had a nasty way of intruding.
“Is it…” Steve’s big body went somehow more rigid. “Is it something that’s still going on?”
Tony struggled not to shrink in on himself under the teen’s searing gaze.
“Rhodes, I trust him. With my life. And I say that with all the confidence in the world considering he’s actually saved it.”
“Yeah?” the teen rejoined smoothly. “Would you be my dance partner?”
, a voice niggled him.
“Have you missed any dosages?”
But that didn’t mean Tony had to like it. “That’s beside the point.”
Rhodey and Tony shared a smile that was interrupted by someone clearing their throat.
“Darcy, no.”
“Hey, buddy, are you alright?” the man repeated. He reached out a big hand as if to help Tony up, but Tony dodged it, scrambling to his feet.
,” Steve refuted vehemently. “Natasha cares. Darcy cares. James Rhodes cares.”
Tony was dangerously close to snapping at the alpha again.
“My mom is a nurse. I volunteer at the hospital a lot.”
“Order pizza. But, Nanny Tony, you don’t have to worry, ‘cause I told Bucky you’d burn the mac n’ cheese, and he’s already bringing us pizza.”
Because if Steve really wanted to, he could hurt Tony more than Obie ever had.
He was depleted. There was no strength left in his body.
“Doesn’t work like that, baby. No take backs.”
“You sure about that, or do I just have you blocked?”
Grinning innocently, she hit send and passed the phone back to him. “Don’t worry. It’s nothing bad. I just figured you might need a little help upping your game.”
“I’m okay…” Tony drew in a few de-escalating breaths. “You’re already helping. Just, uh, maybe watch the neck? I know you weren’t holding me tightly, and I like it when you kiss me there, but I don’t like hands near my throat.”
“See,” Tony babbled, pacing and gesturing wildly with his hands like he did when he was especially agitated, “I should probably be disturbed by your brand of vigilante justice, but I’m not. I don’t even really care that you went after Brock, because he’s a total douche canoe who deserved a taste of his own medicine and, also, fuck that guy.”
“It’s been hard,” Maria continued. “For me. For your father. His reputation has never recovered.”
Nat weighed his words. He could see in her face that she was dying to say yes. “‘Kay,” she lifted her chin. “I’ll go.”
And just like that, Tony hit the limit on his emotional capacity. It was like his brain was failing to compute everything that had happened to him and so it just…didn’t. He shifted into autopilot, reverting to his tried-and-true defense mechanism of using wise-cracks as a weapon.
He tried to discourage his disturbing new leaning towards arson by assuring himself that Steve couldn’t possibly be seeing anyone else on the side. The alpha was spending every free hour he had with Tony.
“You won’t have to do any of the work,” he continued. “I’ll take care of everything, I promise. You weren’t supposed to receive any phone calls. I only posted the business line on the company website.”
. I know you’re a sciencey, nerd-brain type, but it’s time to let magic into your life. I’ll just take his pic and do an image search.”
Tony thought as he scowled up at the entrance of the community center. It hadn’t even been a full 24 hours since he’d left.
He sucked until he could tell the alpha was becoming too sensitive and reluctantly released his spent cock.
happened next.
Steve being willing to talk about it had to count for something, right? Tony could work with that.
Cutting him off, Tony thrust the first aid kit at the alpha’s chest. “Thanks again for the Band-Aid. I’ll be leaving now.”
The day went from great to better when Nat choreographed a short, water ballet routine for them all.
“You will never thwart my plans, agent!” Bruce vowed back, doing his best impression of a villainous laugh. “I am no mere criminal. I am the world's greatest mastermind!”
Sinking. He was sinking.
“You’d know that better than me,” Jane said after another short pause. “But not necessarily. Two people don’t always have to be true mates in order to share a high compatibility.”
A visible surge of possessiveness seemed to overtake the teenager. His eyes flashed, a growl bursting from his throat.
He blamed the atmosphere for causing him to fall into the trap of PDA and holding Steve’s hand. The two of them had strolled along the water like one of those obnoxiously content mated pairs Tony sometimes saw on the boardwalk.
“I’m serious, Tony. He was looking at you like you were a ribeye steak and he didn’t care if I knew it. I thought he was going to beat his chest and challenge me to a duel. The last thing you need is another controlling douchebag.”
“I dunno. My brother gave it to me.”
the football team. And he won the state championship with each. There are a lot of posts about some charity work he’s involved in…huh, wouldn’t have expected that…”
“Yeah? Well, joke’s on you, ‘cause I like you better with the dirty mouth.”
There was no reason to involve Steve. Especially when the alpha would not be a fan of the ‘ignoring it’ method.
Because if Steve had kissed him right then, he never would’ve found the strength to pull away.
He mentally swatted it away like he was swatting a fly. He didn’t need Darcy’s overeager imagination getting into his head right now.
Everyone left. Every last one.
Tony searched within himself for a long moment. “Amelia,” he finally whispered, naming her after the one teacher who’d remained kind to him after he’d presented as an omega.
And then he was fast asleep.
“Right. I’m done putting up with this.” Tony inserted himself between them. “The alpha machismo ends now.” Pointing at Rhodey, “You—we need to talk. Follow me.” Jabbing a finger at Steve, “And you—stay.”
“Oh. Um. Thank you,” Tony stammered awkwardly. “But we’re not...he and I are not—the kids aren’t mine. I’m not family. I’m just the nanny.”
Another enormous crack splintered the armored walls around his heart. They were barely standing.
“You’re the eye of the tiger, kid. You’ve got this.”
Under any other circumstances, it would’ve set him off again. But by that point he’d been so exhausted that he’d found himself going along with it. ‘Cause apparently letting a teenager pay his bills for him was the kind of person he was now.
“...You know what I’m doing here. We made plans.”
“Can I scent mark you?”
from the water.”
“Yeah, you know, that hasn’t really been my main priority,” Darcy replied.
Or was he destined to be alone?
“No, it will help raise my humiliation level.”
The alpha had come by Tony’s apartment for a classic movie bingeathon, because he’d been looking to brush up on his knowledge of the films Tony was prone to quoting. Problem was, Tony was having difficulty convincing himself that he wouldn’t much rather be giving Steve a nine-hour tour of his bedroom.
“Uh, yeah. I was under the impression that was what one did on a first date.” Realizing he was fidgeting with his hair, he quickly dropped his hand, embarrassed. “Albeit, now I feel like a bit of a tool because I’m the only one who tried to dress up.”
Tony slid into the passenger side of Steve’s SUV.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay,” the alpha agreed in a reassuring tone. “I’ll stay away. I promise I won’t come in, alright? But I don’t want to leave you alone right now. You sound like you’re having a panic attack. Have you ever had one before?”
Jerking his head towards the commotion, Tony found Bucky and Natasha being cornered by a slightly older girl. A blonde with her hair in two braids and the practiced sneer of a bully on her face said something to Natasha that Tony couldn’t hear, and Natasha pushed her to the ground. The blonde promptly burst into loud, wailing, crocodile tears.
Now the alpha
But Steve had never given him a reason to feel that way. Not once.
“Look at me, Tony. Open your eyes. See me.”
“Really, Darce?” Tony found himself saying for what must’ve been the millionth time since they’d become friends. “That’s your takeaway from this—that it’s ‘hot’?”
They were no longer the two strangers who’d been trying to feel each other out in Steve’s kitchen all that time ago. Back then, Tony couldn’t have imagined how far they’d come. How they’d one day know each other well enough to let their guards down together. In the biblical and non-biblical sense.
“Ooooh,” Bucky exclaimed in an exaggerated lilt. He and Nat simultaneously burst into a bunch of accompanying kissy-face noises.
“Good.” Steve let his brother go. Bucky harrumphed at him and dashed away with Natasha, both of them giggling like fiends.
. The alpha wasn’t actually going to try to talk to him, was he?
” the memory of Obie’s accusatory voice crawled over him, making him feel unclean. “
“What?” Tony asked, flustered.
having a panic attack. Not anymore, at least.
He let Steve’s purrs lull him into a state of perfect contentment. A peaceful haze of sleep teased his subconscious, ready to pull him under. The teen’s alpha-generated body heat was better than any blanket, his presence strong and comforting as he held Tony tucked snugly against him. His soft breaths tickled Tony’s nape, his heart a steady, rhythmic beat at Tony’s back.
Steve clenched and unclenched his fists, his jaw granite. “I really,
“Oh, you mean like we’re doing now?”
From his spot on the sofa, Tony shot Steve a sly, sidelong glance. Step One of taking his body back? Getting the cuddles he’d been pining for, once and for all. Building a tolerance to casual touching was necessary in order to move forward. “But if you were thinking of, say, putting your arm around me, I wouldn’t be opposed.”
Not wanting to be left out, Bucky climbed down from his mint truck and snuggled under his brother’s arm.
Steve, Bucky, Darcy, Natasha, and Bruce—along with a few pool goers he didn’t know—were all gathered around him.
Tony wanted to test the durability of the white string tying those swimming trunks together with his teeth.
“Don’t bother denying it. You can’t help that you won the genetic lottery. That everyone bends over backwards for you because you’re Mr. Alpha Wonderful. I bet you’ve never come across a single person in your entire life who’s disliked you. Who hasn’t wanted to hand you everything.”
Had this all been a scheme to get his phone number?
Tony was about to continue making his case for splitting the bill when he noticed a group of teenagers giving him the stink eye from the next line over. The group consisted of two beta females and one omega male. All three were likely only a few years younger than Steve. Around sixteen or so.
His phone buzzed with a text alert behind him, vibrating against the kitchen counter. He absentmindedly grabbed it and thumbed open the new message.
Hands tightening on the steering wheel, the teen slowed the car, parking it on the side of the road.
Steve chuckled. “Why doesn’t it surprise me that you’ve also programmed him to talk back?”
“I’d say that’s a rather loose interpretation of the word ‘always’. We barely correspond.”
He returned to Steve’s side and let the teen wrap him back up like a burrito. A very snuggly, happy—albeit sexually pent up—burrito.
close to building power armor and kicking both their asses.
“He said he’s coming with me.” Pushing back his chair, Steve rose to his full height and squared off with Rhodey.
Tony could very well be having a fling with the next Tom Brady. How wild was that?
The room was spinning. He was seeing double.
The woman gasped and clutched at her cross, scandalized. Bucky laughed.
Tony had been employed as Natasha’s nanny for six months now, and while he wasn’t as bad with kids as he’d originally feared, it wasn’t exactly his dream job. His dream job wasn’t even on the table as a possibility. The harsh reality was that he was grateful to be employed at all. The job market was impossibly hard on omegas. For one thing, employers frequently refused to hire them (especially disgraced omegas like Tony), and for another, they weren’t allowed to receive any education beyond high school or make more than minimum wage. This, of course, forced too many omegas down less than favorable career paths in order to survive and kept them dependent on alphas and betas.
He respected others, regardless of whether they were alphas, betas, or omegas, and treated them like equals. He lifted people up instead of tearing them down.
Tony nodded, eyes still squeezed shut.
An unbidden image came to mind. For a second, he saw it. Saw himself with a bouncing baby on his hip—
what’s wrong with me! Every time I turn around, you’re there! Stop breathing down my neck! Stop mollycoddling me! Stop pulling my goddamned chair out for me—I mean, who even
Steve stiffened, something ruthless overtaking his expression as he speared the younger guard with a furious gaze. “Where were you? How the hell could you let this happen?”
If only for a moment.
“Hey,” he greeted, attempting to act like this was a normal occurrence for him and not the first official date he’d been on in twenty-seven years. He managed to pull it off for about half a second before immediately losing all cool points and blurting, “You came to the door.”
want Tony. He’d stopped because he was trying so goddamned
“Technically not since last month.”
His mind had started replaying his and Steve’s kiss in vivid detail.
He, Steve, and the kids traded some jokes and light chitchat back and forth, but, mostly, their group of four just basked in the easy, peaceful quiet as they enjoyed their ice cream.
“Yeah. Yes. Come—uh, come in.” He scuttled back, making room for her to walk past him.
“That’s too bad…’cause he’s on his way over here right now.”
They’d chatted about a myriad of different topics, conversation coming easily to the two of them.
Neither was it weird for them to be at the pool together after hours, Tony tried to rationalize to himself. They were only here for the 100% innocent, express purpose of helping Tony overcome his phobia of swimming. Hell, Steve probably taught private swim lessons all the time. He was a nice guy. He would’ve offered to help anyone.
Unbelievable. The alpha’s blood was being rerouted from his brain, his massive erection staring Tony straight in the face, and still his only priority was Tony’s well-being.
Not for the first time, Tony found himself wondering how the existence of a person as good as Steve was even possible.
“Thanks?” Steve answered good-naturedly despite clearly having no idea how to appropriately respond to such a statement.
He never should’ve let things between him and Steve get this far.
Tony was annoyed that he found it kind of sweet. “No.”
Right, like the authorities would slap handcuffs on an alpha. “I’m not some little ‘mega you can control. Give it back and get out.”
“I won’t be needing your company, Killian,” Steve said, an edge in his voice. “I’m in the middle of a date with someone important to me and I don’t appreciate you talking to me like he isn’t here.”
Darcy looked down at her swimsuit. It was a white one-piece covered in pictures of hamburgers. Failing to see what was wrong with it, she shrugged and glanced back up at the blonde. “Er, heeey, Amara. How…um, great…to see you again.”
out. How about that?”
“It wasn’t in front of them. Their backs are turned.”
He let himself remember her. Let her spirit wash over him and become a part of him that he would carry around in his heart forever.
Tony snorted, suppressing a pang of longing at Darcy’s words. “…Right. Settle down, Oscar Wilde.” Young and free. Hah. What a joke. He hadn’t felt anything close to ‘young and free’ since he was 15 years old. Before he’d presented as an omega and his entire future had been taken away. “I don’t need magic. Boring and sweaty is fine with me. Iced coffee, however, is non-negotiable. Iced coffee is the hero summer deserves.”
“Thank you,” Nat beamed.
Disgraced omegas were branded with a single, black barcode on the back of their necks. Barren omegas were branded with a red one. Getting them removed or covering them up was illegal.
Tony let out the breath he’d been holding. “What are you doing here?” he asked Steve, finally reigning in enough of his shock to remember how to form words.
But the moan turned into an embarrassing whimper when Steve did the unthinkable and tore his mouth away.
Tony shrugged.
? What was that even supposed to mean?
- Cat Power, Metal Heart
“Steve, please—” He trashed, fucking himself down on Steve’s hand, a wet, gushing mess. “More—almost—gotta, gotta come—”
“Liked it? I think you sucked my soul out of my dick.”
Tony’s heart sped up and did an inappropriate little flip.
He was the one making Steve fall apart. Him. No one else.
“He better keep his distance if he knows what’s good for him.”
“You’re mean and you talk funny!” another boy shot back.
His phone pinged again, interrupting their squabbling.
His heart couldn’t take hearing that. It essentially turned to mush in his chest.
“Holy shit.” Tony let out a surprised laugh. “You’d be into it. Don’t tell me you have a daddy kink.”
“Oh, so you’re a
Tony could hate that person if he wasn’t careful.
“Did the mean man hurt you because you’re an omega?”
“What? What’d I say?”
“Yeah, right. Don’t pull the innocent boy scout act with me, Rogers. I know your tricks now. You’re using the kids as an excuse to spend time with me. Trying to worm your way back into my good graces.”
Greedy and possessed by filthy, filthy thoughts of Steve throwing him down and driving his thick shaft into him. Knotting him and getting him so good and full of his hot come that it’d be seeping out of him for days.
Crossing his arms over his broad chest, Steve leaned against the counter. “I can think of a couple of reasons why someone would like you,” he said smoothly.
Blue eyes watching Tony with infinite tenderness, the teen lay him down on the mattress underneath him.
The woman glanced between the two of them. “Alright. And is this your alpha?”
He must’ve said something that had managed to help. Maybe he was getting half decent at this whole nanny thing.
As much as Steve looked like he wanted to believe Tony’s reassurance, there was still a flare of fear in his eyes.
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” Steve said dryly, further prompting Tony’s suspicion that the teenager was somehow even more sarcastic than he was.
“I meant to tell you. I just forgot. I’ve been a little preoccupied lately.”
Steve barely hesitated before following after him. “What’s wrong?” he asked, concerned—like it was his job to fix it.
He barely paid attention to the rest of the movie. He was too busy staving off the temptation to crawl onto Steve’s lap. To nuzzle his neck; lick the strong collum of his throat. To pick up where they’d left off at the pool.
Tony had selected one scoop of coffee n’ doughnuts and one scoop of bourbon cherry pie. He offered Steve his cone.
“No. Because we don’t have that kind of relationship.” The words were coming out of his mouth of their own accord. Almost as if he was trying to make himself believe them. “I don’t mingle with your friends. You don’t mingle with mine. We have our fun and then we go our separate ways. This still ends when you leave for school.”
Before Tony could protest more, Steve tugged Tony into his arms, enclosing Tony in all that wonderful alpha strength and warmth. Happy, utterly relaxed purrs left the alpha’s chest.
All the alcohol in the world couldn’t save him or numb the pain, but that wasn’t stopping him from trying.
Steve was only attainable in the short term. The teenager’s interest would never last. Tony wasn’t going to set himself up for that kind of heart break. He got attached way too easily. Way, way more attached than anyone ever got to him.
What in the far-reaching pits of hell did he think he was doing?
Pushing forward, he leaned into the alpha’s larger frame, his body already throbbing despite the fact that Steve hadn’t even touched him yet.
But he wouldn’t let the teenager throw himself on the sword for his sake. Or offer him a mating contract out of some misguided hero complex driven by pity.
If Darcy’s online snooping was indeed correct, then the alpha would’ve had a birthday on the fourth of July.
“Alright. Fine,” he sighed. “I’ll go. Just...quit being so dang bossy.”
Being awake was terrible. Everything was terrible.
Cheap metal creaked as the alpha hesitantly took a seat in one of the chairs near him. If Tony had been thinking clearly, he might’ve made note of how Steve had granted him space, choosing not to sit in the seat directly next to him, but Tony wasn’t and he didn’t.
“Hey!” he protested. “Miss Grabby Pants. That’s expropriation of my property. Give that back.”
He needed to shut this down now, while his heart was still mostly in one piece.
“I’ll still like you bald an’ toothless,” she insisted.
,” Steve cut him off. “Now apologize, punk.”
As soon as he got home, he was going to start building a pool for Natasha, because he never wanted to see the blond alpha again.
“What’s the deal with the wagon?” Darcy Lewis lifted a brow in Tony Stark’s direction where he was escorting a seven-year-old Natasha Romanoff down the sidewalk via a red, Fisher-Price wagon. 10-year-old Bruce Banner trailed silently behind them, his nose in a book.
“Sorry,” Tony muttered, kicking himself for being a nervous, jumpy idiot.
Though he supposed the alpha’s request wasn’t entirely unreasonable.
“Steve, alpha,
“Believe me,” Steve insisted gruffly, as though Tony had uttered the single most baseless statement in the history of mankind. “I got something out of it.”
And that quickly, Tony was all systems go.
Darcy texted back.
“Who was that?” Rhodey asked suspiciously. “And why do you have his shirt?”
“Have you changed your diet or started taking any other medication?”
Steve’s ability to match wits with him was one of the teen’s most dangerously compelling qualities.
. “Maybe...I mean...I’ll admit there might be a teeny-tiny overlap in the timeline...microscopic, really.”
Steve grabbed his arm, effectively halting him. “Tony, what—.”
Time seemed to slow as Tony watched the picture of his ultrasound flutter to the ground. His heart pounded as loudly as a gunshot.
More hesitating, though Tony knew he was reaching her. “You’re not allowed to drown,” she demanded.
Deep down, he’d known she hadn’t returned for him.
Tony walked until he reached the large tree with the tire swing. He took a long breath before confronting his friend. “Rhodey, man, you know I love you, but I'm gonna need you to dial it down a notch.”
“You tell me.”
His brain and body were humming, his omega instincts floating on a sea of bliss.
“Don’t get me wrong, I love what we’re doing. I’m the luckiest asshole on the planet. It just...it feels like I'm the one reaping all the benefits. I get it. I get you’re not ready. I'm not complaining. But it scares the hell out of me when I think of this being one-sided. You’re not obligated to...you haven’t been doing any of this for me because you feel like you have to, have you?”
“You probably have some questions about last night,” Tony said with a calmness he didn’t feel.
Still…it wouldn’t hurt to be on the safe side.
brother, you're supposed to be on
, his mind scolded him.
Catching it, Tony raised a brow. “Do I really need a lifejacket if I’m not going in the water?”
“It’s about my suppressants.” God, this was embarrassing to say. “I know omegas have a low pheromone output and stop producing, uh, slick, when we take them...which is honestly more of a benefit than a side effect for me...but lately I’ve been...well, I’ve been producing a lot of both. I’m not sure why they aren’t working.” Okay, that wasn’t strictly true. He had a pretty good idea what was causing it.
Tony didn’t know Thor personally, but he sounded like one of the few loyal alphas out there. Omegas weren’t taught to expect monogamy from their mates. They were taught that alphas had ‘needs’ and that those needs often required more than their partners could give them. Tony couldn’t imagine too many men—or women—turning Amara down.
“You made me a promise. No possessive alpha bullshit. If you go after him, that’s a deal breaker. I won’t forgive you.”
? Now he was ‘
“You want to know what happened? Fine.
wrong—but he didn’t know how to pull himself back from the brink. Didn’t know how to wake himself up.
Howard had wanted an outspoken, confident, alpha son. Not an anxious, hyperactive, fragile ball of nerves who was too timid to look people in the eye when he talked to them. Tony had overheard his father ranting to his mother about the embarrassment Tony caused him after one of their family business functions.
Forgetting hadn’t been Tony’s salvation, either.
“None of this means…” Tony swallowed, the apprehension in his gut upgrading to full on dread. There was one last thing he had to know. Something that had to do with the all too scary ‘M’ word. “He’s not...he couldn’t possibly be...this isn’t happening because he’s my...because we’re mates...right?”
Continuing to say no was one of the hardest things he’d ever done.
She followed him into the kitchen and sat dutifully down at the table as he whipped her up another lunch. She ate the sandwich without complaint this time, and then asked for seconds. Okay. That was good. She must be feeling better.
God, Howard was right. He
Nat tugged on Tony’s shirt. “Can I go back in the pool now?”
“Thanks. I think.” The alpha shut the door behind them. “And for the record, I’m not that young. I’m old enough to know what I want."
Since the moment they’d met, Tony had been irresistibly drawn to him. Steve was kind, and strong, and patient, and one of the only good—
“I know,” Steve said, not in the least bit sorry about treating Tony like a blushing maiden being taken to their mating chambers.
They wouldn’t believe a word out of the mouth of a disgraced omega. They’d call him a tease. A whore.
“Sorry, but he totally is. He’s been looking at you since we came in.”
a voice pointed out to him.
“Why would you? Most of the population doesn't.”
If he learned how it felt to spend the night laying in Steve’s arms—to wake up to Steve in the morning—how would he ever sleep without him again?
Tony shifted his weight guiltily. “Do you want me to shut it down?”
mingle with each other’s friends.
Steve’s wasn’t.
Her designer handbag clacked against the table as she lowered herself into the chair, the very picture of untouchable poise.
,” he said too loudly. Then, collecting himself, “I’ll just...I’ll hold onto your wrist or something.”
Fuck, no. He didn’t want to go there.
. Why had he said that? And why did he keep sharing personal details of his life with the alpha? He knew better than that.
“Yeah, well, she’ll probably buy one when she sees me cavorting around town with her precious eldest son.”
He’d already brushed his teeth, gargled mouthwash, applied a fresh layer of scent blocker, and sprayed on a light mist of his least offensive bottle of cheap cologne.
“It’s cool. Not like I can't fix it. Plus, it’s kinda hot. Check us out. We’re breaking headboards. We’d be very popular on Pornhub.”
He was only a disgraced omega, after all. If something awful happened to him, it was hardly grounds for alarm.
This was his chance to get Steve out of his life for good.
, he wanted to add. Yeah, he was a little bitter.
“You should go over there. I bet Steve wouldn’t say no to rubbing suntan lotion all over
“You’re dying to tell me I’m wrong, aren’t you?” Steve gave him a knowing look.
Frowning, Nat bit her lip, fear lurking behind her eyes. “You don’ swim.”
A slow smile. “Finally. Now we’re getting somewhere.” Uncrossing his arms, Steve took a step towards Tony, advancing on him with an intent that made Tony’s knees embarrassingly weak and a fire light under his skin.
His body wasn’t responding well to the increased dose of suppressants he’d put himself on.
Steve shrugged. “Sleuth away. I’ve got nothing to hide.”
Alright. Tony had had it. He’d been plenty patient, but enough was enough.
Tony’s lips quirked. “My hips don’t lie.”
“No one likes boring and sweaty. We’re more than just a couple of house omegas, Tones. We need to live a little. Seize the day.”
Tony broke into a coughing fit. “W-what did you say?”
But that couldn’t possibly be true, could it? It’s not like Steve had tricked his brother into becoming friends with Nat and then roped his mother into calling Tony so that she could arrange a playdate in some convoluted scheme to get him alone...that would be insane.
a traitorous voice in his mind said.
“I can and will.”
Tony found that he kind of liked having the ability to make the alpha blush, and even though it wasn’t a feeling that he wanted to inspect too closely, he couldn’t resist teasing Steve a little further by saying, “Alright. You’re the trained lifeguard here. You know best.”
“Correct.”
. Thank god. Tony could breathe again.
“I’m the one who invited you out, Tony. Tonight’s on me.”
“I don’t want him driving you home. You’ve been drinking.”
“I’m glad,” Steve’s arms tightened. Then, “I will do everything in my power to protect the trust you have in me.”
Until an outburst of kids yelling brought Tony back down to Earth.
Steve’s expression had gone hard. “Is there a problem?” he demanded.
It’d been forever and a day since he’d heard himself laugh like that.
“Yeah, but I was joking when I said all that,” Tony lied. “I’m fully prepared to do this.”
“Yeah, big guy,” Tony said softly, “I know.”
“I can’t believe you ordered butter pecan.” Tony latched onto the first thing he could think to say.
Tony’s pulse spiked, which was bad, because he’d only just stopped it from racing. “Hey,” he burst out. “I don’t ramble. I talk incessantly, often trivially, but I don’t ramble.”
Rhodey grunted. “I can care without sharing.”
Her green eyes were looking up at him with the kind of judgement free acceptance he’d seldom seen reflected at him.
“Nothing, nothing. But you’re telling me that in a gourmet ice cream parlor offering over fifty unique flavors, butter pecan is the one you wanted the most?”
“I usually don’t. But it’s been pointed out to me that I can be a real stubborn asshole sometimes.” The alpha winced like he was immediately regretting what he’d said. “Uh, I mean…I didn’t mean to cuss.”
“She tried to go in the water after you,” Steve continued solemnly. “That older kid, Bruce, stopped her. He was yelling for help.”
Tony had predicted that it might be a loaded question, but wow—yeah, loaded was an understatement. The calm they’d reestablished in the car vanished.
need your help. Do you know what it's been like for my Howard to have his son—his only child—become a disgraced omega? You were supposed to be his protégé. The future of Stark Industries…”
He was about to deny it when his phone pinged with a new message. Darcy shot him a smug expression, as if to say ‘See?’.
But showing Steve his home felt akin to letting the teenager into his life in a way he hadn’t yet.
But maybe he was ready to start trying to.
and nothing hurts you.”
“I don’t want you quiet, babe. I want you as you are.”
Everything was perfect. Until it wasn’t.
at him without feeling like he was losing his mind again.
with Steve, but the evening had devolved into another make out frenzy, and now the credits were rolling on the screen.
“You have to close your eyes if you want to enter my apartment.”
, some instinctual part of Tony’s mind recognized.
The sight the teenager presented was so wildly sinful it made Tony’s belly flip.
, he’s in college and his relationship status is—wait for it—single.”
Tony had no problem following that directive.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” A disapproving expression had settled onto Steve’s face. It was the one that usually made an appearance whenever Tony said something self-deprecating.
“I see you’re still unmated,” Amara observed, conveniently holding out her hand in a way that displayed a giant, diamond ring.
“So ‘Netflix’ is meant to be taken literally, but ‘I’m cold’ isn’t?” Steve clarified, amused.
He’d put his foot in his mouth enough for one millennium. In this instance, silence was golden.
, Tony thought. He’d only bring Steve down. Bring him darkness.
Ugh. He volunteered at the hospital? Was there anything about this guy that
Steve notched his chin at Rhodey. “We’ve met. You were at the movies with Tony.”
“Of course he’s old enough to drink.” Jane waved off the question. “Look at him. What are you—twenty-five, twenty-six?”
He was dealing with such bad alpha withdrawals that he was venturing all the way to Rhodey’s for some much-needed best friend time. A good Rhodey cuddle session was sure to make him forget all about how much he missed the lifeguard-who-should-not-be-named.
Seriously, what the hell was in that boy’s Wheaties? Because eighteen-year-olds had not looked like
“Well, I think that tiny overlap might be your problem. Your situation is rare, but I’ve come across it before. Suppressants have been known to lessen in effectiveness if the omega taking them is in close contact with a highly compatible alpha. Sometimes the omegas even start experiencing heats again.”
“Tony.” Rhodey followed him outside, loudly repeating his name until Tony was forced to halt his retreat.
Any plans he and Steve tried to make ended only one way: with the two of them tangled in each other’s lips again.
Steve blinked at him. “Tony…?” he said again, sounding unsure, and if Tony wasn’t mistaken, also a little hurt.
For all that everyone seemed to believe that omegas were baby obsessed mama-bears who couldn’t wait to provide their alphas with a gaggle of kids, Tony had never wanted any of his own. He’d never pictured himself as a parent, even after he’d presented and the rest of society had tried to force that future on him.
But, god, he suddenly wanted to be. Wanted the teen despite their unsettling age gap.
Only darkness.
Something else occurred to him. “That was you in the picture…” he murmured, recalling the family portraits he’d seen at Steve’s house.
As if Tony really needed another reason to avoid Steve.
Sometimes, he swore he could see a better, more stable version of himself out there in the universe. Someone confident and put together. But no matter how hard he tried, he could never make that version a reality. Could never reach it.
Steve wasn’t wrong. Tony knew, in theory, exactly how to swim. His all-consuming, incapacitating fear had always been the real culprit holding him back. Still, did the alpha have to be so damn perceptive? It unnerved him that Steve seemed to understand him so well. “Wow. Sounds lame,” Tony denied, because he was still too emotionally repressed to take the path of least resistance and just admit Steve was right. “And what, exactly, do you propose we do if we’re not getting in the water?”
Lifting the heavy curtain of brown hair off her neck, Darcy fanned her face with her free hand. “It’s about time they opened the pool,” she remarked as they approached the aforementioned community center. “If this heat wave gets any worse, I’m going to spontaneously combust. Tell Jane to bury me with my record collection. And that I lied when I said I never read her journal.”
promise you is that I didn’t want to leave you. I’m not making any plans to die. Look at it this way, new medical advancements are being made all the time. There’s every chance we could all live to be very,
He didn’t say it soon enough.
A crease appeared on Steve’s forehead. “I don’t think that’s a good idea. We should work you up to it. Get you used to the shallow end first.”
The door swung open and Tony almost swallowed his tongue.
“That’s news to me. When did this alleged conversation take place?”
“You said last night that you need to forget,” the alpha began, full of compassionate understanding. “I did the same after my dad passed. I knew I had to be strong for mom and Buck, so I shut down. Stopped myself from thinking about him. And it worked, for a while. Allowed me to get through the day. And then...then it started working too well. The memory of his face became blurrier. The sound of his voice wasn’t as clear. I was losing the small details. And that hurt worse than remembering ever had. It was like having my dad die on me all over again. So I stopped trying to forget. Promised myself I’d remember. That I’d let him live on in me.”
Tony’s resolve was more than in trouble. His resolve was being blown to smithereens.
He didn’t wish that Steve had kissed him. Didn’t want the alpha to lay claim to his mouth and body until he was too lust drunk to remember why it was wrong.
That ‘other’ alpha? Didn’t Steve know Rhodey’s name by now?
The boy didn’t exactly look cowed by his adultly presence. “What are you going to do about it, omega?” he sneered, spitting out ‘omega’ like it was a curse word. “I saw the ink on your neck. My mom told me about strays like you.”
Tony hoped he planned to accomplish that with the least amount of clothing possible.
Overtaken with something he didn’t understand, Tony lifted his head and planted a small, quick kiss on the alpha’s lips.
“Do you mean it?” Her voice, while hopeful, was still vulnerable with worry.
Relationships, dating...it was all so unfamiliar to him.
“I have to go.” He had to get out of there before he did something else he’d regret. Before he found himself thoroughly fucked and knotted in the middle of the community center. “I...I can’t be around you anymore.”
. Tony liked those three words together far more than he should.
Aaand, whoops. That joke was evidently not the right thing to say, either.
Tony wondered if Steve would pretend to yawn—pulling the oldest trick in the book—as he not-so-subtly slid his arm around Tony’s shoulder. If their hands would accidentally brush over the tub of popcorn, causing them to grin at each other like a couple of besotted idiots.
“I’m sorry,” Nat said, feigning politeness.
“Hashtag not
“Yes, alpha.” Tony had meant the answer to be playful. It came out far more serious than intended.
Before Bruce got truly angry. He was already huffing and puffing and turning a dangerous shade of red.
He’d expected to feel imposed on by the sight of a non-Rhodey alpha in his space.
Slowing to a mesmerized stop, Tony watched as Steve sliced powerfully through the water. It was obvious that the alpha was a natural athlete. He moved with speed, precision, and the kind of effortless force that made it look easy; the muscles in his arms and chest on full display. It was more than a little impressive to behold.
“Steve?” he stared deep into the alpha’s eyes.
Wonderful. Now he was being mocked for his deepest shame by a child. Not exactly his proudest moment.
Tony texted Steve the very next morning.
to do anything.” Tony crossed his arms over his chest. Then he glared at Steve with the power of seven billion atoms—which was roughly the number of atoms it took to make up a single person—and stomped away, choosing to plunk himself down in a chair by the wall instead.
Obie would have reacted much differently.
“18?!” At least if he was 19, it’d make him almost 20…and if he was almost 20, then maybe—okay, nope. Tony needed to cut off that entirely too wrong train of thought. “You know what? Never mind. It’s none of my business how old he is. Now put your phone away and stop using your powers for evil.”
“Fair enough.” A pang passed through him when he recalled Steve’s story about growing up sickly and bedridden. It was no wonder the teen was invested in keeping his health in prime condition. “I, on the other hand, can’t resist the siren call of extra butter and high cholesterol...One question, though: why’d you buy me all these snacks if you weren’t planning on helping me eat them?”
It was Tony’s first-time seeing Steve laugh like that and he’d suddenly felt like he’d won a million bucks. He’d wanted to make Steve laugh like that again and again and again. To be the person in Steve’s life who made him happy.
Nat stood on her tiptoes to place the aforementioned dish into the sink, and then cradled her unholy doll in her arms before prancing away.
Disgraced omegas were seen by and large as being good for only one thing: a quick, dirty fuck. They were no longer considered mate material.
Which was not the reaction Tony had been expecting. At all.
“Hey,” Steve said. “I saw you over here and wanted to say hi.”
Tony had scoured a bunch of different salvage yards to find the parts needed to build him. The final product was wonkier and more mismatched than he would’ve liked. The bot’s proportions were slightly off, as if he’d been hitting the gym and skipping leg day. “He could use more work, but I wanted to have him ready for you as soon as possible. Before belated turned into the twelfth of never. You, uh, don’t have to keep him if you don’t want to. He was just a fun little side project I thought you might like. It’s no big deal if—”
And, besides that, Tony wasn’t the marrying kind.
Tony didn’t know much about football, or what a good player was supposed to look like, but it struck him that Killian hadn’t merely been sucking up when he’d said that Steve could go pro.
“For crimes!” Bucky shouted.
“I don’t wear scent blocker,” Tony corrected him, “scent blocker wears me.”
“I invited him,” Darcy said cheerfully. “You're welcome.”
The 10-year-old had run into some trouble at the community science fair.
No, that’d be far too much to ask.
“You know what I mean. Alphas like you aren’t supposed to date omegas like me.”
. Had shaded and detailed him impeccably, right down to the small, faded, white scar on his chin. (The scar he’d gotten from when his father had busted his face open in an alcohol fueled rage, but, Christ, he wasn’t about to go down that particular memory lane now.)
Tony threw his arms around Steve’s neck, practically climbing him like a tree to make up for their height difference. Because, god, he
Rhodey’s brows flew into his hairline. “There’s a company website?”
“Ugh. Fine. You’re gonna make me say it. You know, I deserve a lifetime reward of free cookies for participating in this much open and honest communication. And people tell me I'm not mature.”
Tony had suffered too. But, unlike Steve, he didn’t think he’d become a better person for it. He felt bitter and broken. Like something vital had been damaged inside of him.
And he had Steve to thank for all of it. Just one more immeasurable gift the teenager had given him.
“Alphas are so weird,” Darcy declared, thoroughly entertained by the show.
The older alpha had delighted in breaking him; in turning Tony’s body against him. And in some fucked up way, Tony never really felt like he’d gotten it back.
Blushing wildly, he coughed until his airway was free of booze. “That,” he sputtered as Steve just laughed at him, grin loose and easy, “was evil. And diabolical. And I’m a little impressed you got me to do a spit take.”
How would it feel to watch Bruce or Natasha drown in front of him? To be unable to help?
She was a beautiful, unreachable façade of a person. A mask of perfection that didn’t slip.
“You’re really committing to this whole ‘talking in third person’ thing, huh? I’d reevaluate that choice, if I were you.”
He didn’t just mean for tonight; he meant for forever.
Tony fought down the pathetic thrill that shot through him. Feigning indifference, he said, “Captain Who?”
Tony wanted to be those beads of water. He was jealous of them.
“I was invited.”
“Yeah, that’s right,” Tony affirmed. “I said what I said.”
The sugary bribe failed to produce its usual results. Instead of reacting with enthusiasm, her responding, “...Promise?” was still quiet and withdrawn. “You’ll really be here in the mornin’?”
“What? No. No hospitals.” Tony hated doctors. Hated being poked and prodded. And it wasn’t like he could afford health care. One checkup would set him back for months. “I told you, I feel fine.”
It was often said that omegas needed touch and connection to thrive, arguably even more so than others. Tony didn’t want to believe that. He didn’t want to need anybody.
The teenager had earned the whole sober, coherent truth.
“Don’t,” he repeated, voice breaking. “Please. Give-give her back to me.”
A harsh, almost primal noise that was way hotter than it should’ve been vibrated from the teenager’s chest. “I wish I could’ve helped, or…or been there for you,” he declared gutturally. “I hate thinking of you growing up like that.”
staring at him. The teenager didn’t even seem embarrassed to have been caught looking. His handsome face broke into a smile and he waved.
Maybe if he stayed silent, the teen would get the hint and go away.
Did the answer to either of those questions really matter?
As he led everyone into the kitchen, he did his best to ignore how hyperaware he was of Steve.
It wasn’t fair of him to keep pumping them all over Steve when it couldn’t lead anywhere.
Though the teen wasn’t acknowledging it, Steve’s jeans weren’t up to the task of concealing the enormous bulge behind his zipper.
“I’ll show it to you in a second. It’s for you, anyway.”
The atmosphere in the pool seemed to change, turning electric.
He filled the glass until it was almost overflowing, and then tossed back the shot, relishing how it burned on the way down.
“Stop, stop.” Steve’s breathing had grown ragged. “Baby, I’m gonna come.”
Tony had spent most of his life feeling trapped, alone, or adrift. Like he had no real place in the world. Like he was so insignificant that his death or disappearance wouldn’t make even the faintest difference. The world would just keep on moving. And no one would miss him. Not really.
He’d found too much recent happiness with Steve. This was the universe balancing the scales.
Oh, no. No, no, no. Freezing, Tony replayed that last thought over in his mind.
“No. You don’t.”
about it.”
“I insist you stop speaking about me as if I’m not here.” Two graphic lines appeared above the robot's eyes, mimicking irate eyebrows.
“I can thank dear old dad for that specific trait. ‘Bout the only thing he ever gave me. Sure wasn’t his height. I regrettably missed the coupon for free growth spurts when they were handing them out in the womb. So, I’m pretty much stuck like this.”
He’d come to Tony a few days ago, all worked up into a panic because he’d contracted a porn virus on his mate’s notebook computer while she was away visiting family. The virus had wiped the computer’s memory and replaced all the storage space with a series of highly graphic images and videos of 30-something omegas getting too chummy with a set of office supplies. Licking staplers, humping Xerox machines, and doing frankly unsanitary things with giant rulers. Whatever. It was hardly the weirdest material he’d ever found on someone’s hard drive.
Something complicated shifted across Steve’s face too quickly for Tony to catch. There was a suspicious, not quite pause before the alpha answered. “I never make a big deal out of my birthday. I didn’t see a reason to mention it. And...I already had what I wanted. I got to spend the day with my—with you.”
So help him.
Consequences were coming. News of the two of them would start circulating fast.
“We’re not?”
“Everyone. Mom. Dad. Obie. S’my fault.”
Dropping his face into his hands, Tony muttered, “You’re killing me, Smalls.”
He was so agonizingly empty...
Nat had requested for Tony to set his self-timer so that he could record the four of them dancing her completed routine on his phone. The ensuing footage had immediately become one of his favorite keepsakes.
The tension between the two alphas continued to mount throughout dinner.
So, rather than lie, he remained silent. He made no promises he couldn’t keep.
He took another swallow of Steve’s terrible concoction. “You're the only person who can get away with giving me a cup of coffee this bad,” he huffed grudgingly.
“Captain America is staring at you,” Darcy announced from over the top of her magazine, peering at Tony through red, heart shaped sunglasses.
Howard’s voice flooded through him. “
“I refuse to eat your delicious contraband—no matter how good it smells.” It was hard to sound accusatory when his instincts were busy doing a happy dance over the fact that Steve hadn’t given up on him. “You knew I’d have to let you in. This pizza is a bribe. Nay, an ambush. You ambushed me.”
The idea of it made him nervous as hell...and ridiculously, inexplicably happy.
“No. Thank you. I don’t know how long I’ll be staying.”
Steve was never not in the mood. His sex drive was as inexhaustible as geothermal energy.
Challenge accepted. He was going to make Steve eat his words. “Well, since becoming a nanny, I’ve been finding my priorities shifting at an alarming rate. Every day I slip a little more into Suzie Homemaker mode. I spend my days cooking, cleaning, and sorting laundry. My google search history is full of endless questions like ‘How to trick kids into eating vegetables,’ and ‘How to get grape juice and grass stains out of white clothing.’ Recently, I tried inventing my own cleaning solvent. I shared it online, but MomOfTheYear09 claimed that it didn’t work—even though she clearly hadn’t followed my directions correctly—and when I asked her why she wasn’t Mom of The Year
“I’m going to Empire State University on a football scholarship in September. I like playing the game but I honestly don’t care what I do as long as I make enough money to take care of mom and Buck.”
. He had to revisit the nightmare in order to take some of his power back.
He was nowhere near sober enough to keep his more touchy-feely side under wraps.
It broke something wide open inside him. Gave him permission to fall apart.
The ice cream parlor they’d chosen was a popular local hot spot around town. It was constantly bustling with people.
“Tony – I’m here.” The same voice again. Steve’s voice. “Take my hand,” Steve ordered, reaching for him.
“I couldn’t exactly stay away.” Tony attempted to stay calm, even though, internally, he was anything but. “If I deprived Nat of seeing Bucky, she’d turn on me in a second. I’d become the most hated nanny in America. So, yeah…that’s why I’m here. For Nat, and Nat alone. It has nothing to do with me wanting to see you.”
Alright...so Steve might’ve had a point earlier. Receiving praise was not Tony’s forte.
“Good.” Darcy relaxed. “‘Cause I know I’m no match for him, but I’m not above asking my sister’s boyfriend to take out his kneecaps. I don’t care how pretty he is.”
Jane was a nurse practitioner who specialized in omega healthcare. She was the only person in her field he trusted even mildly enough to reach out to.
“Hey!” Tony called after her. “What did I just say? No running! You’ll slip and—” His foot slid out from under him—it was just his luck that someone had left a flotation ring laying on the ground—and the next thing he knew, he was ungracefully tumbling to the floor. “Fall,” he finished pitifully.
“You have nothing to be sorry about,” Steve said strongly. “You haven’t done anything wrong. I’m the one who… I should have controlled myself better.” There was a pause before he repeated, “Now, I need you to listen to me, okay? Have you ever had a panic attack before?”
, Tony thought. He’d hovered between life and death for three minutes.
The alpha resisted his efforts to take over.
He faltered, his grip tightening around the phone.
Stupid body. Stupid goosebumps.
Tony’s cock sprang out, full-mast and eager to greet Steve. His slick was pulsing out of him in such large quantities he was already soaking the bed sheets.
He wasn’t aware he was moving until he found himself in front of his liquor cabinet. His hand going straight for the scotch, he wrenched off the cap, downing it directly from the bottle. Seeking absolution. Obliteration. The total destruction of his thoughts.
“I don’t like him. You need to be careful around him.”
“When you saved me the other day…that wasn’t…it wasn’t my first close call. My dad—he threw me into our pool when I was six.” He’d never told anyone this before—not the whole story, anyway. He’d always been on the side of pretending it’d never happened.
Tony had been wrong. Apparently, alphas
nothing. His own child.
For the smallest fraction of a second, Tony almost tensed and pulled away. But he didn’t have to be afraid. Not of Steve. Never of Steve.
“I’ve got to run to the not-so-little girls’ room.” Darcy got up from her lounge chair. “Be right back.”
The alpha looked like he was struggling to get a hold of himself. The wet material of his swimming trunks was molded to the outline of his still gloriously erect cock. His hair was a mess and his blue eyes were blazing with lust. His chest was heaving with shallow breaths, fists bunched, as if he was fighting not to haul Tony back to him.
If he hadn’t thought Steve was out of his league
“It’s okay,” Steve reassured him. “I’m not mad we stopped. I never want you to do something you aren’t comfortable with. But you don’t need to hide all the way on the other side of the couch. It felt good having you in my arms. I’d like to keep holding you, if you’ll let me.”
Tony’s stomach gave an unwilling flutter at the thought of the teen paying attention to his drink preferences. “Uh. No. I’m alright. Honestly, don’t let me get in your way. I’m sure you have stuff you’d rather be doing than babysitting the nanny. I have a lot of reading I can catch up on. I don’t mind, uh, just sitting alone quietly for the next couple of hours. We don’t have to interact or talk at all, really.” In fact, he’d prefer it if they didn’t. “I don’t want to be any trouble.”
, too? This had to stop.
, his inner omega whispered.
“I’m just glad you finally came to your senses and agreed at all,” Steve answered, his dry sense of humor coming out to play.
Obadiah was no match for Steve physically, but the older man didn’t fight with just his fists. He had the kind of money and influence that could make Steve’s life very difficult.
Tony shrugged, face burning, his shame and embarrassment at an all-time high. All he could think about was Steve witnessing his weepy, drunken breakdown.
The words had a greater effect than he’d anticipated.
“Pizza delivery! Team Rogers to the rescue!” Bucky announced right before Natasha tackled him in a hug.
“Here.” Steve grabbed a folded shirt from the dresser and handed it to Tony. “It doesn’t have a band logo on it, but it’s the best I can do.”
The older man had no place here.
to lose…) Wasn’t postponing the inevitable.
Especially because, after getting one look at the state of Tony, the easygoing smile dropped off the teenager’s face. Tony could all but hear the alpha’s ‘omega in distress’ warning sirens start firing off at the sight of him.
It was so easy to tell someone to fight back when you were a good-looking, successful, eighteen-year-old alpha male. When you’d never once experienced real suffering in your entire life.
hiring and firing power? Tony supposed it didn’t matter. When a high-level alpha like Steve Rogers gave you an order, you listened.
“Of course, I am,” he retorted sarcastically, forgetting to keep his attitude in check. “I’m an omega, aren’t I? We’re all perfectly maternal and great with kids.”
“It’s not.” He could already hear footsteps and movement coming from inside the house.
“Need you, alpha.” He rocked shamelessly against the teen’s hardness. “Need you.”
Or if he’d ever wake up again.
The alpha relaxed. “Good.”
A seriously,
“Rhodey, old buddy, old pal, ixnay on the third degree,” Tony interjected.
With that one question, his pheromones awoke with a vengeance, pumping his arousal into the air. He could feel himself growing slick. Another thing that should’ve scared him—should’ve sent him running.
Because the strange thing was, Tony
“Y-yes.” He’d started getting them after he’d been disgraced. After that-which-he-did-not-think-about.
Steve had innocently clasped the nape of Tony’s neck, pulling him in to take his mouth nice and deep. Tony had immediately stopped responding and his breathing had gone funny.
to take care of him. It was like he couldn’t be happy unless Tony was.
“It defeats the purpose of keeping this on the DL if we run into someone you know.”
Nat stretched on her tiptoes as she tried to push the doorbell. She was too short and had to jump to reach it. “Hi! Hello! Hi!” she hopped excitedly. “I’m here! Please let me in!”
Tony thought he caught a flinch before Steve closed his expression off. “Did you hate it that much?” he asked.
Now that Steve had been given the greenlight, Tony was prepared for the teenager to lunge at him. For harsh, bruising kisses, and the full, unrestrained force of the alpha’s lust.
It was better to just ignore it.
Steve pushed some of the hair back from Tony’s forehead—a move Tony suspected might’ve been done to covertly check his temperature. “No complaining, babe. It’ll help you feel better.”
“Relax. No, I’m fine. He never touched me. In fact, he took one look at me and nearly wet himself. He ran off so fast I think he singlehandedly broke warp speed. You wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
Steve could have chosen anyone. Someone younger. Someone better looking. Someone who wasn’t disgraced.
“No.”
The word seemed to echo in Tony’s head. Hunching his shoulders, he resisted the pathetic impulse to bolt.
Steve tore after him. In no time at all, he had his little brother apprehended. They play wrestled for a bit before Steve pulled him into a headlock and gave him a noogie. Tony would have been alarmed—he didn’t quite know what playful roughhousing was supposed to look like, having only been exposed to the other kind—but the boy was still laughing.
“Nope, nope. None of that. It’s strictly the shallow end for me.”
, he wanted to add, but he never got the chance, because he was undercut by Steve’s much louder, much more insistent, “Yes.”
If she hadn’t mentioned his father, he might’ve been suckered in.
He was pelted with two more sandwich triangles before she tore out of the room.
“Sorry,” Darcy lowered her voice, “but this is big. This is
I don’t see how that’s possible. You’re built like The Terminator. Only, you know, less Austrian and with a better bone structure.”
“Liar. You’re talking to Steve, aren’t you? Don’t think I haven’t noticed how you’re always texting him now.”
know that?” Darcy arched her brows, like she couldn’t help getting in one last remark. “Because someone should probably tell him that and it’s not going to be me.” Conversation closed, she reached for the remote and returned to channel surfing.
Or, Tony presumed, someone highly compatible.
Tony almost overturned his coffee mug in a clumsy attempt to hide his shock. That was
Tony was tempted to quip back. Except, there wasn’t going to be a next year, was there? “Keep it in your pants, Rogers,” he joked instead, fighting a sudden wave of melancholy. “Not in front of the bot. He’s young and impressionable.”
didn’t want to. The mere thought of ending their arrangement early sent his instincts into hysterics, as if something essential was being torn from him. The loss perforating his chest was like having the wind knocked out of him.
“Over my dead body.” The sound emanating from the teenager was more of a violent growling than actual words. “She’s not selling you to anybody, you hear me? I won’t allow it.”
Never in a million years would he have expected the morning to go this way.
“Quit mother henning me.”
Darcy snorted like she in no way believed that. “You know, for someone who’s such a genius, you can be breathtakingly dense when you want to be. You’re getting romanced by the hottest, sweetie pie alpha ever and you can’t even appreciate it.”
He opened his mouth. Tried and failed to talk. Then he narrowed his eyes and tried again. “What is this?”
A shiver worked its way up Tony’s spine.
“I, um…dead, huh?” he stammered, resorting to what he did best and trying to use humor to cope. “That’s a little melodramatic, isn’t it? Stupidly romantic, maybe, I’ll give you that, but—”
“For what?”
Steve’s brow lifted. “You coming inside or are you planning on standing on my doorstep all day?”
Nor had he been tempted to sneak out of the community center, ditch Steve, and hop a bus home all because he’d been too worried about his body’s reaction to the teenager. Or that he’d melt into a puddle of liquid omega heat if Steve so much as breathed in his general direction. He was emphatically
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve had booked off the entire pool for their use that afternoon. Being the community center’s favorite lifeguard had its perks.
After a quick attempt at wiping some peanut butter off his shirt, he followed after her.
“I was saving my appetite.” Tony pulled a face but accepted the bottle. Fluttering his lashes, he squirted some lotion into his hand and made a production of applying it to his neck. “Come on. Admit it. Rubbing aloe vera on me was the highlight of your existence.”
“Come on.” Steve ran a hand through his wet hair and jerked his chin towards the house. “I’ll get you a dry shirt.”
Waiting on pins and needles for Steve’s reaction, Tony dropped Steve’s hand. “Okay, champ,” he allowed, “you can open ‘em.”
He was done responding. He merely held open the door, waiting for her to leave.
Inhaling him, Steve nosed the back of Tony’s neck. He rumbled deep. “I like it when you smell like me.”
Steve was here. This was actually happening.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” Growing dizzy, Tony dug his fingers into his hair, his breath too fast and too shallow. He still couldn’t draw enough air into his lungs. “I w-wear scent blockers, I do, b-but they aren’t working. I d-don’t want this, I don’t.”
It was one thing for Tony’s inadequacies and his fear of the water to put himself at risk, but now his weakness had almost gotten Nat hurt.
“A-a what?” Tony nervously played dumb. “What’s a hickey?”
“Thanks.” Taking the sunscreen, Rhodey passed it to Tony. “Put it on.”
Sinking to his knees in front of the teenager, Tony bared his neck in submission.
“But—” Tony continued before the alpha could get
To Nat he said, “Good. Now go play.”
“You called me your alpha,” Steve insisted, something wild and desperate flaring behind his eyes.
Tony wasn’t proud of it, but he let out a whine.
grin. With teeth, even. Tony had to admit it was a good smile. A leading man sort of smile. The kind of smile that made everyone, no matter who they were, fall just a little bit in love with him.
“I didn’t tell you this so that you’d—” Tony’s throat constricted. “Don’t make me regret trusting you.”
He wanted to touch more than just Steve’s wrist. He wanted to trace his fingers up all the veins and corded muscle in his forearm. Wanted to slide his hands under the edge of his lifeguard tank; to explore every last rock-hard inch of his abdomen.
Steve’s smile dimmed. “Me?”
“Hey,” he protested, “the movie’s not
Tony was starting to suspect what the ache in his chest meant.
Green eyes darkening dangerously, Nat reached a skinny arm out towards her plate and launched a sandwich triangle at him.
“Steve, can I ask you something?”
“…I was.” There was an uncomfortable beat of silence before Steve cleared his throat. “He died a couple of years ago. Went on a tour overseas and never came back.”
“I have an idea,” he announced.
been told that he mattered before? Chancing a glance at the alpha, he slowly raised his eyes. Instead of the cold, rageful sneer he’d find on Obie, he found the teenager staring at him like a confused, overly muscular puppy.
“What did I tell you about glitter?” he reminded her.
Freezing, Natasha hit him with her best wide-eyed look of innocence. “May I be excused, please?” she recited.
He was having a legitimately great day. One for the books.
It was a bit of a startling development, really, considering that the very first time they’d touched had resulted in directly triggering one of his attacks. And now Steve was apparently better than Lorazepam. He was keeping Tony anchored.
An unwelcome spark of hope flickered in his chest at her words. “I don’t want to hear from him again,” he lied. “It’s better this way.”
“Probationary, huh?” Steve chuckled. “We’ll see.”
The children were otherwise occupied. Nat was napping in her room—she hadn’t been sleeping well—and Bruce was in the study, reconfiguring where his latest chemical equation had gone wrong, so Tony and Darcy were lounging in the Romanoff’s living room.
“Ah, yes. Caffeine.” Tony gingerly took the cup. “My favorite food group.”
“You said we’d be cordial for the kids. I’m being cordial.”
Securing his seatbelt, Tony waited until Steve had climbed behind the wheel before saying, “Just so you know, I meant it when I said we should do things your way. I’m ready to rethink the shallow end. I know today was a big waste of time…but I can do better. I
The voice telling him that he didn’t deserve to feel good still hadn't shut off. It was holding him back even here, keeping him from tumbling over the precipice.
Grim acceptance burned through him, turning his stomach sour. Quickly averting his gaze to the floor, Tony tried to draw his limbs in closer to his body. To prepare himself for the worst. For Steve to grab him. To maybe knock him around a little bit. To remind him of his place.
Finding his sanity at the last second, Tony jerked away. He dropped Steve’s hand, backing hastily towards the pool steps.
He remained silent, saying nothing.
, he thought.
So he was more than a mite confused when Steve basically seemed to freeze, instead.
“Does it look cloudy to you?” Tony looked anxiously up at the perfectly sunny, clear blue sky. “I smell rain. Do you smell rain? I’m getting a definite sense of impending rain.”
“Why not? It’s true.”
Pure satisfaction soared through Tony whenever the alpha reached orgasm. Nothing felt better than knowing he’d pleased his alpha. Than knowing the thick ropes of come lashing his tongue were all for him.
The two children had been competing with each other for the last 40 minutes. They had already battled it out to see who could do more jumping jacks, who could do a better handstand, and who could hold their breath the longest. They were the living embodiment of ‘Anything you can do, I can do better. I can do anything better than you.’ He was practically waiting for them to break into song.
“Steve?” he said quietly.
And once he’d started, he couldn’t stop.
He didn’t know if it made him feel less perverted that so many older women were also equally affected by the teenager. Mostly, it just made him feel jealous.
“Maybe...if you want, you could show me around sometime. I’d love to see what you’ve been working on.”
Steve frowned. “I don’t?”
Tony glanced up and barely caught sight of them standing there with Super Soakers in their hands before he and Steve were instantly doused with water. Moving faster than should have been possible for a person his size, Steve seemed to appear magically in front of Tony, shielding him from the kids’ prank.
Of course, his talents were still wasted on such menial tasks…but it was better than nothing.
Tony was supremely glad he hadn’t taken a sip of his coffee because he would have spit it out everywhere. He’d never seen an alpha blush before. Hell, he hadn’t realized alphas
going to fly with him. He did not belong to—oh, hold that thought.
He was shaking as he closed the door behind her, a choking sensation squeezing his chest and lungs.
The teen straightened, the image of Tony’s ultrasound clutched in his hand. His blue eyes were wide and stricken, too many emotions racing through them for Tony to name.
This was
“I’m sorry.” Steve set his jaw. “I don’t think it’s fair that omegas aren’t granted the same opportunities as the rest of us.”
“See?” Banner pointed out. “Immature.”
Steve’s muscles went whipcord tight. “Fuck, baby. Fuck,” he grated harshly into Tony’s mouth. “You keep that up and it’s not going to be just a kiss anymore.”
“Not…” Tony fidgeted. “Not
happy—anyway?
“I’m not hungry.” She crossed her arms with a stubborn pout.
“You look at him funny. Like you gots a crush on him. And Stacy from school says that omegas and alphas always get mated.”
He’d forgotten about the blasted sunset. That the beach was one of the most overtly romanticized places in cinematic history. How it practically weaved a dreamy sentimentality upon its visitors.
Well, it was game over, apparently.
Slowly but surely, Steve was finding a way in.
A deep male chuckle made him turn his head, and he was taken aback for a second by the way Steve was staring at him. He was suddenly very glad that they were still in public and that the kids were around as deterrents.
And while Tony would normally never willingly enter the home of a strange alpha…he didn’t want to disappoint Nat. Didn’t want to make something out of nothing and ruin things with her new friend. Leaving now would feel too much like he was tucking his tail and running. He’d be all but confirming the stereotype that omegas were too fragile to socialize with alphas without some kind of chaperone around.
—and began heading towards Tony in what should have been a slow-motion Baywatch sequence.
He was nearly certain he had a bottle of Jack Daniel's stashed away in his desk. It took extreme concentration not to fall on his ass as he fumbled his way over and pulled open the bottom drawer.
A fierce scowl snapped onto Steve’s face. He growled softly. “I told you to knock that crap off. No one talks about you like that. Not even you.”
So it surprised him that, while he was still embarrassed by how loudly his body was telling Steve to fuck him, he was also somehow at ease.
“Wait. Please.” Steve exhaled roughly. He scrubbed a hand down his face. “I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that...I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I don’t get jealous like this. It’s—fuck, it’s twisting me up inside. When I saw you with him…you let him touch you. You let him protect you. You won’t let
Tony swallowed repeatedly. His heart lurched.
It explained why he and Steve were so drawn together. Why, even now, Tony still wanted the teenager beyond all reason. Why he still had the alpha’s scent all over him, taunting him, because he was too afraid to wash it off when he knew that he’d never get it back.
...Aright, his heat was definitely getting closer. He was becoming more of a sentimental, emotional powder keg by the minute.
And he hadn’t.
“Was I as loud as I think I was?” he groaned.
had—his pick of pretty people hanging off his arm. Hell, Tony had already seen Peggy and she was a total knockout.
And honestly? Tony wasn’t sure he
He should’ve remembered that she didn’t respond well to ultimatums.
That rumbly, way-too-sexy purring started in Steve’s chest again. He ducked down to rub his face against Tony’s, and suddenly Tony was being nuzzled within an inch of his life. The teen’s musky, alpha smell grew stronger, thickening the air.
All of a sudden, it was crystal clear. Easy.
“Nice. I was hoping to see that, but we’re seeing Under Siege, instead. It’s the girls’ turn to pick the movie tonight.”
“I didn’t want to worry you. It’s old news. And I’m alive and kicking as you can clearly see.”
Shrugging, Tony attempted to appear nonchalant. “I ran into him at the movies the other night. He was there with a couple of girls.”
Reaching for her handbag, she calmly stood from the table. As she swept by him, she left him with the parting words, “It was good to see you, son.”
This was the moment of truth. No more running.
Because it was, Tony realized.
Because he was staring at a hyper realistic, expertly rendered drawing of himself. Steve had drawn
. Do I look like Bonnie Tyler to you? Because I’m not holding out for a hero!”
And in no shape to handle any more surprise visitors.
Howard had only laughed, sloppy and unhinged, like it’d all been some kind of game. He’d clapped Tony on the back.
He had no right thinking about having children.
To the point where death might’ve been preferable.
“I wish I could, pumpkin,” he told her gently. “But I can’t swim. Maybe Bruce will play with you.”
He could feel the thick, hard outline of the alpha’s cock pressing into him through the wet material of the teen’s swimming trunks.
“What’s wrong?
“I can’t offer you more than that. I’m not your omega. I can’t be your…”
After finishing up with the tablet, Tony reluctantly climbed into bed. He re-read Steve’s messages and fell asleep clutching his phone, feeling weirdly more and less alone at the same time.
been interested in an alpha. You were, like, the one exception to every omega rule. Not that I blame you. That guy’s muscles have muscles. His arms are…those are good arms to have.”
“You know what, I think Steve and I are gonna head out.” Giving Steve and Rhodey access to pointy projectiles—or playing any kind of game that might further bring out their competitive side—was just asking for trouble.
“I have no idea what that means. That doesn’t mean anything.” Despite Rhodey’s grumbling, he rearranged himself in the chair to make room for Tony to fit comfortably. Tony grinned triumphantly and made himself at home in Rhodey’s lap.
“I speak pig latin too, you giant nerd. And that was way rude, man. Would you kiss Steve with that mouth?”
“Thanks.”
Steve’s purrs deepened into a rolling growl. He nipped Tony’s lower abdomen with his teeth. His hands found the waistband of Tony’s jeans, and Tony wriggled his hips, aiding the teenager as the alpha divested him of the last remaining barrier.
“I-I…uh…” he stuttered. What was wrong with him? His heart was pounding and his entire body felt flushed. He wasn’t usually one to fawn over alphas. Okay, so they were big and muscly. What was so impressive about that? Most of it was genetic, they didn’t even have to work at it. Their personalities, on the other hand, left a whole hell of a lot to be desired. Other than Pepper, Rhodey, and a few others, most alphas didn’t even see him as human. He was just a status to them. A possession. An omega.
Thor flipped the burgers, a ‘King of the Grill’ apron draped over his wide chest. “I put the meat on five seconds ago, Stark. It’s red. It’s still mooing.”
Tony flushed. “Uh. Right. Inside. We’re coming inside.” As he stepped into the small entrance hall, he half expected the robot from
He locked onto the sound of Darcy greeting her newly arrived guest. The male voice that answered her was familiar.
The good hurt in Tony’s chest took over, threatening to overpower him.
As if the alpha had somehow read his mind, Steve’s head jerked up and his blue eyes locked on him. Flashing his perfectly white, movie star grin, the blond made a beeline towards Tony. The bustling crowd of movie goers instinctually parted for him as he headed Tony’s way—but that was nothing new. It was no different than the reaction the alpha always received at the pool. Something about Steve Rogers seemed to command awe and attention from everyone around him.
Steve and Bucky had left Nat’s about an hour before her parents had arrived home. Tony had fixed the Romanoff’s dinner and then hotfooted it back to his apartment to prepare for his night out with Steve. He’d barely made it through his door before he’d received a text from the alpha, notifying him that Steve was on his way.
Tony’s lips twitched. “Did you—are you sassing me, Rogers?”
“We were, for a while, but we decided we work better as friends.”
was taking things way too far.
hadn’t Steve said anything? And was it a cause for worry that he hadn’t?
“Good. Neither do I.”
Tony went boneless against him, his instincts relishing being held. He was always a sucker for Steve cuddles, even if he was being made into the consummate little spoon.
, he texted Darcy.
“Alright. Sure. Cool. Mermaid. Live your best life, kid,” Darcy agreed.
The involuntary, pained sound that left him was confirmation enough.
Tony’s body immediately began to calm when their eyes locked.
Steve wasn’t doing anything to make Tony feel like he’d done something wrong by pulling away. Or like he was a horrible tease for getting the teen worked up in the first place and then blue-balling him. The only thing Steve had done was wait for Tony to exit the changing room before offering him a ride home.
“So what’s really going on, then, my dude? Why’d your hunky lifeguard disappear?”
Tony watched as he returned to his group of friends. Steve slid a casual arm around the shoulders of a pretty brunette and said something that Tony couldn’t hear. She rolled her brown eyes at him but the affection in them was clear.
Steve huffed a strained laugh. Then, in a voice that made Tony’s blood hot, he instructed, “Come here.”
Or maybe the younger lifeguard
“He’s too young, Darce…and even if he wasn’t…I’m so firmly off the omega dating market, I’ve been discontinued. I’m not looking for anything right now.”
Tony suddenly didn’t find the question so funny.
It was getting harder to keep it there.
It would’ve been easy to tell her that everything was going to be okay, that the world was a wonderful place, and that they’d always be safe, but those were useless platitudes and empty promises—he knew that better than anyone. She was too smart for those. And if he handled a moment this important in the wrong way, he could potentially scar the girl. So, you know, no pressure.
“It’s not biggummy. Mr. Potato Head betrayed her, so she poisoned him an’ took his money,” she explained frankly, as though that was a perfectly natural sentence for a seven-year-old to utter and not alarming in the least. “Now she’s marrying G.I. Joe. He’s lots richer.”
Tony fell silent, nonplussed. Her question had cut to the core of him in the way only a child’s innocent curiosity could.
Tony almost toppled over as he rushed to shove his legs into his nicest pair of jeans. Righting himself, he yanked them up to his waist and quickly fastened them, hopping from foot to foot in his race to get ready.
Tony came so hard he felt changed. Turned inside out and remade. Like Steve was putting him back together.
Why had he waited so long to do this?
But he couldn’t hide in the bathroom forever.
No one would ever want him.
Shocked at his own willingness to take such a leap of faith, Tony lifted the cup to his lips and took a sip. Warm, perfect coffee greeted him and he decided to just accept Steve’s generosity for what it was. “This is good. Thank you.” He was used to drinking 99 cent instant sludge. He couldn’t afford anything else.
Rhodey groaned. “TMI, Tony. Jesus.”
But his vocal cords acted of their own volition. “I guess. If that’s what you want…”
Tony’s instincts wanted to be drenched in it. To inhale it in his lungs and hold it there forever.
“Maybe,” Tony hedged. “There’s not all that much to look at. I’m a lot less interesting than you think.”
Tony slid a plate of sandwich triangles in front of Natasha. “Lunch is served. Eat up, kiddo.”
could
“I’d rather just call him ‘The Lifeguard,’ like ‘The Waitress’ on
And that pleased Tony more than it had any right to.
to pop up and start blaring "Danger, Will Robinson!"
“Look, my IQ is too high to care about sports, alright? Don’t mock my lack of baseball trivia.”
Which shouldn’t have been a big deal or anything.
“Still proud of me?” he slurred darkly, full of self-loathing. His throat was so sore, it hurt to talk. “I warned you, didn’t I? Told you I was damaged goods.”
“What? No.” Had he given Steve that impression? How could Steve doubt that Tony was anything less than two-hundred percent on board with sucking the most perfect dick in the world? “No—why would you…? I told you, I like kneeling for you. I like everything we’ve done. Sucking your dick is fast becoming one of my top ten favorite things to do. Wait, I’m fudging the numbers. My top three.”
Except Steve wasn’t like other alphas. He’d already had plenty of chances to show his nasty side. To take advantage of Tony.
Enveloping the alpha back into his mouth caused the teen’s hips to jerk in a short, aborted thrust—as though he was taking pains not to rut Tony’s face like a mindless animal, but couldn’t quite keep himself still.
“I almost drowned when I was a kid.” He tried to sound more casual than he felt.  “Never much cared for the water since.”
Wait, where were those smells coming from?
“Just like that?” His blue eyes studied Tony painstakingly, their faces mere inches apart. “Where is this coming from?”
Uh. Cue gulp. What the hell was he supposed to say to
“You’d lose that bet,” Steve said, after a moment of shocked stillness. “I got my ass kicked all the time when I was younger. And trust me, almost nobody liked me.”
If it had been, maybe he wouldn’t have done what he did next.
It had taken them hours of vigorous cleaning and scrubbing to get the kitchen pristine again.
His field of vision was swiftly eclipsed by the solid wall of Steve’s chest as the teenager approached him.
Tony nodded mechanically, taking a long sip of his drink—because his tongue felt like it was stuck to the roof of his mouth—but that only seemed to draw Steve’s attention to his lips, so he quickly stopped. “Your shirt,” he found himself blurting out. Cheeks burning, he clarified, “I, um, still need to return it.”
“Oh.” Darcy temporarily deflated. “But that doesn’t mean anything. Did he explicitly state that he was dating them? You should really ask him before you start moping about it.”
“I told you we should’ve gone out of town.” This was exactly what Tony had wanted to avoid. He was trying hard not to overreact, but he was fast approaching another embarrassing panic spiral. “I don’t think you fully recognize what happened back there. You may as well have just changed your Facebook status to ‘in a relationship’. That Killian kid said you were on the football team with his brother. He
Now, ever since he’d kickstarted that ugly panic attack by jumping rather unwisely into the pool, he couldn’t even get
Tony surged to his feet, chair scraping across the tiled floor.
, Tony desperately tried to remind himself.
The woman glanced back and forth between them, a small frown appearing on her lips. “You better not be his omega. I didn’t sign up for this kind of drama. James is mine.”
“Now, Steve, now.” Tony bucked his hips, tried to push down on Steve’s fingers.
Just mere days ago, Tony had been tinkering in his workshop, ruing the speed at which July was flying by, when a jarring realization had unceremoniously hit him upside the head.
Their little disagreement was even starting to attract some unwanted attention from the two other adults at the park. Though Tony had a feeling the 40-year-old park moms would be staring at Steve anyway. They were eyeballing the alpha in a manner that seemed to suggest that they’d be imagining Steve when they lay with their mates later that night.
And, hey, it wasn’t like this was his first close call with death. It was starting to feel old hat by now.
Omegas weren’t supposed to allow any alpha outside of their own near them. Obie would’ve exploded if he’d found Tony within touching distance of Rhodey. Tony had been punished for it on more than one occasion.
When Tony stiffened slightly, Darcy added, “You can continue to deny it, but the answer is painfully obvious and written all over your face. So, what happened? Why’s your teenage shadow suddenly missing in action?” Her expression darkened as something seemed to occur to her. “Wait...did he do something? Something that means I need to kick his ass?”
He maintained only the instinctual sense that something was wrong—
It hadn’t left him much time to make himself presentable.
She was too busy staring off into the distance to care. “Does it look like everything he does is in 1080p or is it just me? He’s better than Baywatch.”
Everything in him longed for Steve. His instincts were crying out that he was incomplete without his alpha’s touch.
She deserved to be remembered.
. The sunscreen must’ve rubbed off his cover up.
His anxiety was very much present, but it was static. It wasn’t mounting. He was able to exist alongside the discomfort, instead of having it overrule him.
“But look at all the fun pictures,” he’d wheedled, pointing to where he’d attempted to decorate it. “We’ve got fish, seashells, turtles, and…uh…other fish.”
“I like football, running laps on the beach, and 27-year-old nannies who build robots.”
He was a bit embarrassed the place wasn’t less of a mess, however. Steve’s room had been almost militantly organized. The alpha probably had the cleanest room of any 18-year-old on the planet.
He was going to need to douse himself, fully clothed, under a cold shower.
“National Geographic has taught you well.” He straightened up. “Now go play. I’ll be here if you need me.”
There wasn’t an alpha alive who’d like the thought of the omega they were involved with carrying another man’s child, past tense or not. The teen’s instincts would demand Obie’s head on a spike. And that wasn’t even taking into account everything
Tony could feel the alpha’s eyes following him as they walked down the driveway. The persistent sensation didn’t leave until they’d rounded the corner out of sight.
Steve seemed to jerk back, mouth going slack, a wounded expression falling across his face before he was able to hide it. He took a few breaths as his throat worked on a particularly hard swallow. “You’ll get better medical attention if they think you’re with me,” he said defensively.
“Right.” Sounding more confident than he felt, Tony attempted to steel his nerves. “No more chitchat. I’m facing this head on – I’m jumping in the deep end.” He wanted to replace the memory of Brock throwing him into it.
, a shameless voice in his mind taunted. He ignored it and put it on mute.
He waited for Steve to show a sign of recognition. Steve gave him nothing.
“Oh, sorry, I—” he started to say, but the words died in his throat. Because the man he’d almost bumped into? It was Brock.
“It wouldn’t be much of a surprise if I told you now, would it?”
Tony could practically hear the gears in the teenager’s head grinding to a complete stop. He was staring at Tony like Tony had short-circuited his brain. There was one part of him, though, that was functioning just fine. A large bulge was rising in his jeans at breakneck speed.
It gave Tony the strength to start talking. He wanted Steve to know everything.
He barely got a chance to glance at the reply before Darcy plucked the phone out of his hands.
He had to get rid of Steve, ASAP.
Tony had been too out of it to even notice their change of location.
It took him an embarrassingly long time before he remembered how to make his legs work again.
The belief hadn’t stopped the older man from trying to force a baby on him anyway. Or finding new and vindictive reasons to blame Tony when it had all gone wrong.
“That’s what you said at breakfast. If I let you go hungry, your mom will fire me and that will be sad for both of us—though, admittedly, mostly for me.”
charmed by Tony. Like the alpha could listen to him talk all day.
A wish in which he’d been given to Steve instead of Obie.
Oh, god. Oh no.
Tony felt his neck burn. Freaking glitter. He’d thought he got it all off, but apparently not. “Where?” he roughly swiped at his face.
While Tony obviously knew that the teen had drawn him once before, he’d been teasing. He hadn’t truly thought more drawings would exist.
But there was nowhere for him to run.
“You,” Tony panted. “Using your fingers on me. I-inside me.”
Tony thought. His instincts didn’t need the ammunition.
“You are, baby. The best.”
Tony bit his lip. “What if I said that I don’t want you to leave me alone...that I might, uh, want to explore whatever this is between us…?”
—Tony cut the thought off before it could finish.
to be out with you.”
He was completely and utterly miserable.
He wasn’t ready to lose their connection yet.
wanted an alpha to touch him before—and certainly not this intensely. He wasn’t a big fan of being touched, period. Not unless they were one of the few, trusted people he allowed into his inner circle. Because, yeah, he cuddled with Rhodey sometimes, but that was different. That was platonic. It didn’t light his skin on fire. Didn’t make him feel like he was going to die if the alpha didn’t claim him.
“That’s real nice and not something many people would say—seriously, you should probably reconsider that statement—but I’m not letting you pay me 200 dollars for something I could’ve fixed in my sleep.”
Incredulity flashed across Brock’s face—like he couldn’t quite believe Tony’s willingness to talk back—and then he practically snarled, turning red with rage.
“This is a tad infantilizing,” Tony groused after buckling the lifejacket closed, “and I’m not just saying that because orange has never been my color. I feel like a kid trying to ride his first bike with the training wheels still on.”
a couple—and, okay, Tony was just going to make his brain shut up now.
His phone buzzed with a response almost immediately.
And he wasn’t going to begrudge himself for enjoying it while it lasted.
It felt like he’d failed her.
“Okay. You’re right.” Tony threw his hands up. “I’m not fine. I had another anxiety attack—in a lifejacket no less. We should have done things your way. Is that what you want to hear?” He wrenched off the orange vest and threw it to the floor. “This is fudging hopeless.”
Tony was furious.
She looked the same as she had over two years ago.
Steve’s felt more right than anything else had in a very long time—too right for Tony to keep fighting. The powerful muscles that had once left him intimidated didn’t make him nervous anymore. At some point, he’d begun seeing them as a source of security and protection. He was so boneless and relaxed, that for half a moment, he’d nearly convinced himself that he’d started purring.
One day it’d get out. One day it’d finish destroying him.
Tony took a step back. “I-I’m still too old for you,” he protested feebly. “I’m over the hill. Old enough to be your father.”
He didn’t want to believe that Steve had been talking about him, but most of the arrow signs were pointing towards yes. Tony may have been on good terms with his old friend Denial, but he wasn’t completely oblivious. As he reflected on every interaction he’d ever had with the teen, he found himself facing the very distinct possibility that Steve Rogers was pursuing him.
So how the hell was it happening now?
How did
He couldn’t maintain his sanity if the teenager started putting his hands on him. And Tony needed his sanity to be able to do this. Otherwise, he’d end up bred and knotted with only himself to blame.
When the silence continued with nary an answer from Steve, Tony dropped his gaze to the floor.
The teen’s aim seemed to defy all laws of physics, almost like he could curve the ball. That kind of speed, precision, and control had to be well above the skill level of the average player. No wonder he’d been awarded a scholarship.
A disapproving frown appeared on Steve’s brow. “Why do you do that?”
So, great. There it was. Evidently, he trusted Steve now. In a big ‘put my life in your hands’ kind of way. In a way he’d only ever trusted few people before. In a way that was powerful enough to help him overcome a trauma that had been plaguing him for 21 years.
Tony didn’t know whether it was hearing his name or the eye contact that worked. But some level of self-awareness that he was being a jackass must’ve thankfully penetrated through the teen’s skull, because Steve stopped resisting and let Tony tug him back.
A moan sounded like it was punched out of the teenager. “God, baby. I’m not going to last long,” he warned, jaw clenched.
. Was Steve worried about offending the delicate omega’s sensibilities? Who even said the word ‘cuss’ anymore? Tony snorted. “I’m not a schoolmarm. Cussing doesn’t bother me.”
It probably didn’t help that while he was pretending to be scrolling through his phone, he was secretly studying the alpha out of the corner of his eye instead.
“So, Tony, tell me about yourself,” the alpha began conversationally. His tone was casual, but he was looking at Tony with a little too much interest. “What do you do in your free time? What are some of your hobbies? I know you’re smart as hell and like building things, but I want to know more.”
More rustling and a sniffle. “If I was a real mermaid, I could have saved you.”
“Nah.” Steve smirked, blue eyes warming. “Why would I stop you from complimenting me?” His gaze only grew warmer as his eyes began a slow, hot slide all the way up from Tony’s fitted jeans, to the top of his neatly gelled hair. “You changed. You look good, babe.” Voice going a bit husky, he muttered, “You always look good.”
When Steve at last moved aside to let him leave, Tony was ashamed to find that he lingered there, staring at the teenager like some kind of lovestruck idiot.
He’d been so convinced that Steve wouldn’t look at him the same way anymore if the alpha ever found out his secret.
And so began his attempt at mastering the art of the ‘I look good, but I’m not
By burying his problems, he’d ensured they weren’t ever truly gone. Locking them away hadn’t fixed him. It had allowed them to become septic and spread. To make a permanent home in the shadows where they could haunt him.
Seemingly oblivious to Tony’s impending meltdown, Steve strode over to his dresser and pulled open the middle drawer. He grabbed his drenched shirt from the back of his neck and yanked it over his head, making the obscene muscles in his stomach and back flex enticingly. His abs were so cut they looked almost superhuman.
“Mm-hmm.” Darcy didn’t look convinced.
And he did.
Steve soothed him with a kiss. Tony could detect the sweet, tangy taste of his own slick in the teen’s mouth—and, Christ, that discovery was so unexpectedly hot, it would’ve set him off again if he hadn’t already been wrung dry.
“Boo. I miss Captain Handsome,” Darcy complained as she readjusted the balled-up towel she was using as a head rest. “I’m not feeling this new lifeguard. He better not be Steve’s replacement. I need my daily dose of biceps and triceps. This kid might turn out to be cute one day, but he looks too young. I’m not comfortable lusting over teenagers.”
Steve was, once again, taking home the prize for the most mindboggling teenager ever.
He felt a stab of envy at how fond Steve sounded of his father. He wondered what it’d be like to actually have his parents’ approval.
“Put yourself down whenever I compliment you.”
He hated that it worked, anyway. That it still powerfully affected him.
Steve looked disappointed for a moment before his eyes lit back up. “I guess it’s a good thing you have another swimming lesson tomorrow, then,” he said, full of hope, like getting to hold Tony’s hand was somehow the highlight of his teenage life.
“You gave me your word you wouldn’t go after him,” Tony reminded him in warning. “And I maintain that if anyone gets to kill him, it’s me.”
He could attest to that.
Steve leaned back from the steering wheel, giving Tony his undivided attention. “Okay,” he said carefully, like he was aware being too pushy would just make Tony clam up again. “I’m listening.”
a voice in his head mocked. It sounded suspiciously like Obie.
Especially not when the alpha was dripping wet and had his red lifeguard’s tank sticking to him like a second skin – clinging to every hard, muscular line of his pectorals and abs. Muscles that Tony very much suddenly wanted to explore with his tongue.
“Of course there are.” Rhodes shook his head. “Why did I even ask?”
“Nonsense. That only happened one time. And Riccardo was a very trustworthy man.” Her tone exhibited the first hint of humanity since her arrival when she added, “Your father and I haven’t been back there. Not without you. It hasn’t felt right.”
The sound of a chair scraping across the floor alerted Tony to Nat’s attempt to sneak away from the table.
Normally, Tony would’ve slipped back into his sarcastic armor. Would’ve made some cutting remark about valedictorians and Steve’s ability to give a hell of a speech.
Alphas didn’t typically date other alphas. It was frowned upon but not unheard of. There were still those who believed it was ‘unnatural,’ but it wasn’t illegal like it had been 50 years ago.
depressing thought…not to mention disturbing.
attached. That ship had sailed.
And once that happened, it no longer mattered that his mind knew that he wasn’t in any danger, because his body didn’t agree. His body was convinced that he was drowning. That he was dying. That the water was going to flood his lungs, robbing him of breath until his chest burst wide open.
He could feel the weight of Howard’s hand on the top of his head, pushing him back under, keeping him away from the surface.
“I don’t think that at all. In fact, I can assure you that I have never once sat down and had a single thought about you, negative or otherwise.”
If another alpha had tried to crowd Tony like this, he would’ve felt trapped or scared. He would’ve fought against it. But this was different. Tony knew that all he had to do was ask the teenager to stop and Steve would listen.
Tony was just glad she seemed to have forgotten her earlier apprehension and was back to being comfortable in the water.
do that.
The seaside view must’ve gotten to Steve, too, because the alpha hadn’t seemed to take his eyes off of Tony the entire time they were there. (The teen had also been inordinately pleased by Tony’s effort to prepare him food. Which, come on, chopped vegetables was hardly a full-course meal.) It hadn’t mattered what subject Tony had rambled on about, Steve had hung onto his every word as if Tony was the most fascinating creature on Earth and the entire solar system, besides.
“Eh, it wasn’t all bad. I had Jarvis—” until Howard had fired him for showing Tony preferential treatment, that is, “—and Rhodey.” His sourpatch had been the only person who’d cared enough to see through the cracks in Tony’s outwardly perfect homelife. Adding, “Rhodey’s pretty much the coolest person in the world, so as far as I look at it, I struck gold in the best friend department.”
“I’m still a spy!” Natasha insisted, her green eyes looking twice as large from behind her red pool goggles. “King Triton sent me here from Atlantica. I’m on a super-secret mission. Special Ops.”
Though if Steve’s worst reaction to finding Tony on Rhodey’s lap was placing a hand on the small of his back, then Tony supposed he couldn’t complain too much. He’d let Steve get away with it. For now.
“Yes,” Tony said shakily. “Kiss me.”
“I can’t believe you fixed it,” the man looked up from his laptop, his shoulders sagging in relief.
Taking a minute to center himself, Tony brushed off his hands and set the bucket of popcorn on the dashboard. “I can see you’re waiting for me to elaborate, so here goes… When I was born, I had a problem with one of the valves in my heart. They rushed me into neonatal surgery, but the valve was too malformed to be repaired properly. I needed a replacement. Back then, though, that wasn’t something that was done. They didn’t know how to make mechanical valves small enough for newborns or infants. The prognosis was that I wouldn’t live to see my first birthday. I don’t remember any of this, of course. It’s all second-hand information. The way my mom tells it is that she and my father moved heaven and earth to find a solution. They sought out the world’s top cardiothoracic surgeon.”
But it was already far too late for that.
Tony was too keyed up for Steve’s unhurried pace. He squirmed, unable to stay still, his restraint all used up. “Come on, Steve. Come on. What are you waiting for?”
