A blinding white light flashed brightly for a few seconds before shattering in a myriad of colors. The fading particles of dazzling lights were dimming against the abysmal backwash of absolute darkness, overshadowed by the furrows of violet and orange; stars and galaxies within reach and yet light-years away. The air is still with the presence of the cosmos, thick with untapped power that electrifies the air like static electricity.
They left him alone with his thoughts.
Natasha swallowed harshly. That answered
She feels a buzz on her skin before she realizes the other presence nearby. Like eyes watching her, following the slow rise and fall of her supposedly sleeping form. Natasha tries to catalog the information she can gleam from the figure while not actively observing.
When they were about ten miles or so from the city, the driver let her know that he would be stopping early in the city to talk to some people and try to get interviews. He asked her if she wanted to get dropped off or if she would mind stopping about seven or eight minutes away.
—Tony could be doing so much worse right now but he’s not. It’s really late into the evening, 7:47
When Tony opens his eyes a second time, a few hours later, he is still in the emergency medical lab he was the first time. At least this time he’s saved the tube down the throat. He lets his gaze drift before it lands on Vision.
“Fabulous?” Tony interjects, cracking open one eye with a smile tugging on his lips.
“It seemed to me an appropriate location for Stark to return to, considering the Compound.” Fury admits, leaning back into the plush chair. “Although I am surprised to find you instead, Miss Potts.”
Steve looked down at the flip phone in his hand and nodded silently.
He doubts Natasha will be on her way to see Steve Rogers for now. She has a good head on her shoulders, and with any luck Rogers will at least wait for the initial heat to die down before doing something monumentally
Sure enough, with a slow push of the door and a quick glance, there was a woman in the room with Loki; Loki was… indisposed, bound by some sort of white light around his wrists above his head. The more common jade sweater was riding up because of the stretching due to the binds, the dark blue jeans riding a little low and there was a perfectly purple bruise on his cheekbone, matching perfectly with his busted lip. There was a fire in his eyes, a deep hatred that scared Tony, and if looks could kill the woman would be combusting by now.
Steve couldn't explain why he stopped mid-stride into the room at the sight but he just kind of did because Tony had that same determined glint in his eyes and looked a little flushed, his lips moving with the lyrics of the song (
“Stop avoiding--”
, Secretary Ross. And, if it did, such a clandestine administration surely wouldn’t do well simply existing outside of public knowledge. The last group that did, well,” Tony grins over at Rhodey, who smirks back at Ross, “it didn’t end well for them.”
“I’m sorry, Steve but I just, I have to do this!” Tony replies huskily, scrambling to rise.
Steve always had a problem with feeling helpless. Before the serum he just tried to help—so many fights in so many places, busted lips and broken bones; he had only wanted to help. With the serum it was possible, he could actually help it. Right now, with Tony and his strange episodes—he felt like the Brooklyn boy that was behind the diner, pummeled and bleeding.
Steve is always left breathless with the reality that he was chosen, he is lucky enough to be let in, to see the malleable, fragile parts of Tony hidden behind snark and left handed remarks.
so don’t act like you didn’t know there would be some time away. Now, I’m gonna need Clint to take us there, and when we get there,
“No,” Wanda whispers, rubbing her eyes, “although sometimes I find that I may not understand my own powers, sometimes. Maybe I do.”
, Tony tsks in Steve’s mind,
“The fugitive Avengers,” Vision says, still looking at Tony, “are amongst the ruins of Sokovia.”
"Okay." Tony says, giving it a little squeeze. "Alright. I'm Tony" He--no,
The image was spayed out on the open, two separate screens. The first one was time-stamped on the bottom left corner. The image played on like a silent film, certain features and slices highlighted to pinpoint certain facts and details.  The pixels made the scene shades of blue and white, like the vibrant glow of Tony’s arc reactor.
“More than one, huh?” Hank sighs, rubs his forehead. “What are they, ex-SHIELD? More taskforce cronies?”
the lowly midgardians, never have you once shown empathy for them—“
says, and Steve looks at their connected hands before turning back to face the ceiling, and for once it feels like he can breath again.
Tony’s hand yanks at the arc reactor. Steve watches the blue glow move with jerky tugs until it’s free, it’s out in the open air. Loki’s hand is already disabling the spell once more when Tony looks up at Steve, a single tear falling down his cheek. Steve freezes, numbed by fear. The building groans as a piece of wood from the ceiling cracks in two between them.
“Stark?” Scott asks, something closer to panic in his voice. Steve shakes his head.
(After the initial bout of nausea, Steve needs a moment to make sure his organs have stopped trembling before he can even think about moving his limbs and Thor just laughs, so heartily and boisterous Steve forgets to be sad. Forgets that things aren't actually alright.)
“Tengo collares, cenizas enbotellados, y rosarios hechos todos del cometa, todo lo que se necesita pa’ mantener alejado el mal! Desde’l cielo y al infierno, nada te tocará!” An old woman with a tall black cart says, going up to the first table where the family responds to her in low Spanish. Natasha freezes in front of the counter,
“What you wanted,” a voice booms from somewhere in the main living room, “was to atone for your sins. And look at the mess you’ve made now; ‘Team Cap’ is out of the States, all but
"Wanda!" Clint says, and Wanda groans as she sits up, rubbing the ache in her temples with two fingers. She sits up to take up a single seat and keeps her eyes closed as she waits for the nausea to recede. Clint takes her movement as some sort of sign, maybe, and continues. "We're going on auto for a few, we're gonna hash out a game plan. Thought you might want to be up for this."
“Its no problem,” Aaron smiles and he pauses for a moment. “I know you travel a lot, and that it would probably be hard, but if you hear anything or want a new destination, well, I mean. I know some people. But, say if you hear anything and you think there
The building Jarvis indicates is vacant, empty. All that remains are the smeared remains of a chalk outline on the far wall of the abandoned office. Tony’s fingers skip along the brown smudges, each contour and cut of color against the eggshell paint. The lines all came together at the base of the floor and rose to the ceiling and across, like swirling branches of color.
They lay in bed together for a few more hours; Steve sleeps and Tony, for once, simply basks in the silence and the comfort and the warm weight of the arm draped across his waist. He remains silent, almost brooding, thinking only of the morning and the unexpected
, Steve thinks,
A memory springs from the growing darkness, followed by another, like a strobe light, in a constant flickering pattern of inverting darkness.
. But that doesn’t explain why you’ve come, there’s nothing for you to see.”
Besides, she had free time now. All she
“Captain, may I suggest you keep identities under wraps?” Came Natasha’s cold, clinical voice over the brief silence. “Ironman said that he was entering the scrambled zone so he won’t hear you, anyway.” Natasha reminds blandly. “I met up with Thor, we’re nearing the theatre Ironman and Spiderman entered, we’re behind you, and so you can go ahead and get to him.”
"I meant no--"
The hallway is empty, save for a few framed sketches and charcoal drawings that are framed and hanging off the eggshell-white walls. The lights are off and all that resounds and reverberates though the vacancy is the
“S-Steve--” Tony gasps and his back arches, the fire in his body growing hotter. He knows he won’t last, can’t, isn’t fighting it for a second but Steve is pressing his fingers against Tony’s hips, forcing him down and Tony feels his whole body shuddering with the strength in the hands denying him is pleasure.
“—I’m
There are four guards and two people waiting at the landing pad, and although Steve recognizes T’Challa’s form, he notes that Shuri is not the one with him but another young woman. As the Quinjet lands, Steve takes the moment everyone starts to rush their exit to take a breath for himself, steel his shoulders and raise his chin.
“Wait—who is it for, then?” Shuri asks, turning around. The presence has gone, she notices, and when she looks through her lab she doesn’t see anything out of the ordinary at first. She rolls her eyes;
But when it came time, when he pulled off Rhodey’s faceplate, after he’d hit Falcon with a repulsor blast—
happens,” Tony says, “you let me know immediately. Viz, I’m expecting updates, sir, because we may be able to do something so for now I’m not touching anything related to them.” No one mentions that Tony hasn’t actually said their names the entire conversation long. Tony feels his infinite love for these two incomparable beings grow slightly. “Before you go, though, I’m going to fix whatever god-awful sound your braces are making, and we’re going to look at your current gauntlet watches that
dare," Pepper starts, "say 'no offense' as if you didn't imply what you just did. As if you, yourself, haven't broken a few laws being here,
It starts now.
Steve’s head has been bowed since he last spoke. Wanda vaguely wonders why Wakanda is off limits, and then looks for Steve’s friend before the headache becomes too much and she needs to shut her eyes.
Fantastic. People don’t just throw around “genius” for no reason, anyway; Tony’s good at thinking up plans. If he needs Thor to return for more than the God will be none the wiser—he wouldn’t see through Tony’s ruse.
A hand, small and frail and so very gentle, runs through his hair. Tony doesn’t open his eyes, tries to keep the flow of good memories running through his mind.
“What, what the hell are you doing in my bed?” Tony stammers and, hell, he’s classier than this. It must be a morning thing, if anything at all. Steve is all rumpled nervousness and blushing cheeks and bright blue eyes like woah-and-damn because he’s a damn boy-scout and Tony is sprawled across the soft beige carpet like a cheap porno bottom, legs spread open, shirt hiked up and sweatpants (oh my god he wasn’t wearing these last night what even is Steve, honestly) too low on his hips.
See, Steve didn’t know that. In fact, only three people know of the AI’s initial programming and that’s limited to the other scientists that Tony trusts with his life: Peter, Bruce and Reed. Don’t get Tony wrong—he trusts Hank McCoy with his life, it’s just that the mutant prefers to be visited and never makes house calls. Hence Steve’s surprise when, after tucking Tony into an empty medical room in the top floor of the building, the aforementioned scientist lumbered through the doorway with a book bag slung across his shoulder.
“Do you have any hope for the people that may have gotten stuck in there”, Aaron asked, iPhone recording between himself and the tear-stained face of the older woman. She shook her head even as she said yes, that her daughter had been mid-shift and would have been in the Dairy Queen that was first over taken.
It takes what feels like only a few minutes to get to the main palace where Thor is cheered and greeted like a modern day celebrity. The introductions move in a blur, people calling Steve "A Warrior of Time" and "The Great Captain" and he only murmurs his greetings by reflex.
“Wanda, you’ve been out of it for—”
“Ooh then they haven’t played the ‘Private World of Darkness’ episode yet, then.” Peter jumps onto the beck rest of the couch in his typical arachnid squat, a little rigid in his blue jeans and black t-shirt but comfortable nonetheless. “This pleases me. Also, you weren’t at debriefing. Fury got, er,
“We tried tracing who tipped them off—because the home was mostly vacated, and we haven’t been able to pinpoint their location. For all we know, they’re not even in San Francisco. With their money and their knowledge, there’s no way to know if they’re even in the country.” Ross raps his knuckles against the table, a smirk tugging on his lips.
“You could feel her… while at the Compound?” Tony asks, “And the stone was afraid?”
“I can’t—it open; too much…” A woman’s voice, low and entrancing.
Enchantress flicks her right arm and the room drops in temperature, the air between the two Asgardians charged with something like static electricity. Loki’s palms bleed continuously, the skin gnarled and peeling around the base of his fingers. He grins, feels the blood thrumming through his body even as his palms begin to heal themselves, and widens his stance for an attack. Amora does not disappoint, lashing out with a tendril of crimson energy at Loki like a whip.
But this? He could do this.
fell, a-thank-you. He can say that he might have sort of maybe fallen
"You wouldn’t be," Pepper starts, glare solidifying into something a little more sardonic and a little less kill-on-sight, "if you'd check your sources, but something tells me that's exactly what you're here about. Unfortunately, or at least fortunately enough for
future, when today has only been one day and there are a list of things that can go wrong? How we can die on a daily basis?”
“No duro, entiende, ese material se quebra fácilmente,” the woman warns and Natasha knows then. “Mi sobrino lo obtuvo durante esos primeros días, mientras que muchos se los estaban llevaron por sí mismos.”
“Captain, Master Stark has returned from his earlier endeavor, would you like me to fetch him for you?” Jarvis speaks from another unseen speaker and Steve pauses for a moment, runs a hand through his hair before deciding what to do next.
But, then those eyes are climbing back up Tony’s body, to his face and Tony remembers why he asked for darkness.
He can hear Loki in the other room and racing footsteps in the doorway.
“I need your help,” Tony thinks savagely, feels the ground begin to rumble beneath his body. “I want to save everyone.” Amora’s hand claws at Tony’s arm, but he doesn’t pay her any heed. The shaking slows, and Tony feels it. Feels this presence, and he knows it’s the cube, the energy reaching out; he knows by Clint’s explanation of how it felt to be under the cube’s power, its influence.
“What this left me with,” Ross says, a little more somber after Rhodey’s comment, “is someone technologically advanced that could leave a message and remain incognito from government surveillance and review. Cards on the table, everything leads back here,” Ross taps his knuckles against the table, “more specifically to Stark. Aiding and abetting criminals in Siberia is one thing, once it is
With a start, Tony wakes up.
“Loki! Watch Thor!”
Steve doesn't even remember so it'd be fruitless to ask what they fight about. All he wants is to see that hard glint, those cheeks barely flushed with frustration because Tony may be stubborn but Steve jumped out of a plane against the government's orders with no prior training--so he's more stubborn than Stark.
. So how about you get straight to the point and
“It was a warning,” Wanda says.
When Rhodey is gone and Tony has moved to take his seat on the bench, he doesn’t speak, had only said goodbye when the two left a few minutes before. Tony simply went back to his workshop, sat on the bench and stared at his hands with Rhodey’s words ghosting over him.
“Tony!”, Steve cries out but it’s too late, the building is collapsing and the wooden beams all creak and groan as they fall to pieces, shatter into small splinters that  seem to freeze in midair. “Tony!”
The woman was glad to talk between her tears, giving croaky answers between asking if the young man—
Scott sounds like he is on the same page, whispering, “well, its… my best guess, to be honest, but the only thing that wouldn’t make sense is…”
“It seemed like fortuitous timing that we noted the Quinjet was once again flying from her perch,” T’Challa says, “Nakia is a member of our esteemed River Tribe and the Head of the Social Outreach Department.” Nakia nods at T’Challa as he speaks, the shell necklace on her neck rustling slightly.
She’d imagined a giant quarantine, had heard Clint’s tale of how long it had taken before they were able to quarantine Thor’s hammer over in New Mexico. A few people were able to try to take a stab at trying to lift it before they had managed to set up. But this—this wasn’t even an attempt.
They’ve reached the window panes, can see how Ross glares at them as they approach the door. How Rhodey’s happiness is tempered by the clench of his jaw. Tony takes a deep breath—god, he’s so fucking
them, it’s for Sokovia. For Vienna. For New York, and London. Its for that little city that didn’t get its ten minutes on the news. It’s for—"
and no control what so ever. An empty vessel with no true power, the whole of the universe in your grasp.
“—and you don’t ask them any questions. Got it?” The young man fishes out some baby wipes from under the hoard of trash. He hands then to Natasha who takes the hint and starts wiping herself down. Its no shower but it would have to do. “I heard from some of the people that dropped by that the rumor is it started behind a Dairy Queen that got swallowed completely—or destroyed, some of ‘em were hazy on that. Electric blue, they said. Like a cool eruption of lava that stopped for a few minutes, enough for some more folks to leave the area, and then moved for a quick minute before stopping completely.” They get out of the car, Natasha tying the oversized shirt into a balled up knot to the left of her hip to look more natural and feeling fresher than she had in days.
now this is why I should
Still facing Tony, hands clenched tightly on the railings, she speaks: “I want you to tell no one about the suit. Not that I’m going to be forthcoming with any more details, of course. You’re a ghost. Anyone in your network hears that Tony is healthy and working on making the accords into something livable for other heroes, for others. Staunch any evidence on the contrary. Someone underground starts whispering that Tony was hurt and left for dead, let alone by
Tony gawks. “W-Okay, first of all, how? And-and then you gotta, buddy, what??”
There's no one familiar and the people he
Howard—
"Let me clarify some points for you,
, 1991.
This man can't be Tony Stark.
plague.
It’s 9
“Then you grab whoever is nearest to you,” Pepper says slowly, “and you beat it into their heads so nicely they can’t help but spread the word. Tony will be taking an… administrative role, for a while, in order to stop rumors of his new suit from getting out too fast. We need to get a hold of the narrative while we can and rewrite the script entirely. Of course, your merry band of idiots made that a whole lot harder than it
In London, Jane Foster is examining a tablet with a world map. A reconfigured wireless router is connected to the tablet by three wires attached to the exposed back. The first green ping appears all at once, turning yellow, then red over a mass of land in the Wester Hemisphere. Zooming in, Jane’s eyebrows start scrunching together as she writes the coordinates on a curled, unsticky Post-It.
what but it’s been a week already and you’re not getting better.” Steve heaves a heavy sigh, pulling off the cowl and looks at Tony with resignation. “I know it’s getting worse, Tony.”
It was all in his writing, though; there was no mistaking that. Somehow he had ended up spending a good four hours crumbling papers and writing about planetary travels. That didn’t seem to be completely true, though. Still, Tony would have to wait until Jarvis was done sifting through a good fourteen hours of video and sound feed. Tony sighed, picked up the model that he had, apparently, made the night before, and studied his handiwork.
“What the heck are you guys
“That’s just…” Tony huffs out a breath, at a lost of words. “Unpleasant”
“Jar-Jarvis, what time is it?” Tony mumbles, pressing back into the comfortable heat and turning to face the open space beyond his bed, eyes still shut.
“I think I understand now,” Tony nods slowly.
Tony opens his eyes. His head hurts and his eyes sting; the principle attack to the back of his head and temple throb and (what Tony assumes is) blood runs down his forehead and into his eyes. His arms are shackled and connected to the floor by a two-foot long chain heavier than Tony can lift. His body is slightly curled inwards, arms bracketed together and extended further from his body. He hears someone in the near vicinity but it’s too dark to see and his head is aching, throbbing, hurting.
Steve had not set out intending on keeping the truth from Tony about his engagement to Charlotte.  He wanted to tell the children first. That felt right to him. After all, it was them who would be getting a new mother and who may be stuck with the woman if the worst of what Steve feared came to pass. They should be his first priority. But Steve couldn’t find a right time to tell them either.
Tony had his back to the door, padding on bare feet back toward his desk table. He pulled the chair out from the table with his foot, arranging it behind a tin washtub set on the floor and sitting down with a tired grunt. The low lamp illuminated his tired face, making the purple bruises around his face appear all the darker. He looked tired and unkempt, his trousers rolled up above his ankles, his legs spread wide and feet firmly planted. The medical kit was open beside him on the table. There was a discarded wash towel and butterfly bandages spread out as if he’d thrown them down in aggravation. As Steve approached him he noticed that the water in the tub was stained pink.
"You kissing me is a nice way to tell me to shut up," Tony replied, causing the soldier to chuckle in response, "but essentially yes, what I described is a perfect person. I think that's what you should have instead of..." He trailed off and gestured towards himself.
"I can, and I will." It was his stubbornness that got the best of him, making him not want to admit to Steve, or rather himself, that there were things he was responsible for. It was just so easy to put all the blame on the soldier due to how the other made him feel, for what he's made him go through for all these months. "Don't think for a second that I won't ship you straight back to Ross' hands. Just cause you're here doesn't mean you're safe, not even for a second. Keep that in mind before you speak to me again, Capsicle."
Tony could feel the guilt dripping off of him, slowly crawling down his skin, leaving ghostly scratch marks littering his body as a reminder of what he did. His footsteps were heavy and his breathing felt shallow with every inch closer towards Steve. The soldier didn't move one inch, he didn't stir, he continued to stay there, unmoving, untouched. He swallowed the lump in his throat as he reached Steve, standing above him and looking down. He opened his mouth to speak, but the words were caught in his throat, trapped by an invisible hand clamped around his throat. He swallowed again and let his back come into contact with the wall, bending his knees as he slid down, sitting next to the blonde who continued to not even acknowledge his presence. He stayed like that for quite some time, the guilt gnawing away at him, his nerves raised on edge, until finally... He cracked.
He sighed to himself and rested his cheek on his open palm, elbow on the table, staring at the coffee machine. He narrowed his eyes, as silly as it might seem, but he really wanted a nice hot cup of Joe, but for the life of him he couldn't quite grasp how to work the damn thing. It was too... Advanced, he would say, for someone like him. Everything was too advanced; the remotes, the TV, hell, even the disembodied voice he continued to hear each day still startled him. It was all too much for Steve, but what could he really do? He was stuck, in a not so delicate way of putting it, in this time period he couldn't quite adapt to. The only thing that really took the edge off of this feeling of loneliness, was that the music from the forties still existed. That, and the fact he still had his sketchbook to return to when the day proved to be too stressful. But life was never really easy in Stark Tower.
"What do you mean?"
He thought. He shook his head and looked over towards the glass window. It overlooked each prison cell from where it was stationed, and every cell was unoccupied except for one. He saw the familiar patch of half blurry and half clear brown hair that sat on the top of Tony's head, but he couldn't see his face as the genius was curled in on himself just a little, sitting on his knees and violently shaking. It worried him that something bad had happened, and so he took off down the stairs to his right.
"Tony?"
"That's a good boy. You know I care about you right, that's why I'm doing this so you'll be better. You don't think I'm doing this because I hate you, right?" His voice was so soft and sweet, it was so gentle the way he spoke as he cared about me. It made me nod my head in response, believing him. He smiled and kissed my cheek again, his lips just as soft as I remember them. "You're always so sweet, so kind and gentle. I guess you deserve a little love and affection, right?"
He thought he was doing something good by staying in the lab and looking for a cure, but in reality, he was doing just a little more than that. It's not to say that he was intentionally planning on hurting Steve, but sometimes when you care too much about someone you tend to go overboard with how much you care, and it leads you to make bad decisions.
He first noticed how spacious the room was, he then noticed the abundance of drawers behind glass doors, and then finally, his eyes locked onto five computer screens in front of him. His feet lead him to the computers, the blue screens illuminating his features in the dark as he sat down in the seat. His fingers flew to the keyboard, looking at the main screen in front of him, passwords being bypassed until on the smaller screens, the last few hours at S.H.I.E.L.D. were being played. His eyes focused on and roved across each screen, but nothing out of the ordinary was happening.
It doesn't really matter anymore, because all his actions have already set him up for the consequences that he's facing right now, and if pain is the only way to try and make things right between Tony and him, then he's willing to endure it all to try and fix this thing between them. He knows Tony is hurting deep down, because while Tony had put on his metaphorical mask again-the one he originally wore to keep others from knowing the real him, to keep others from hurting him and breaking down his walls, Steve could always see past that.
Instead, he carries himself over to his room, dealing with the issue in the worst way possible. It's not that he doesn't want to fix the problem, because of course he wants to, but he doesn't know-how. It's bigger than just a simple sorry; the word sorry itself only holds so much value until it loses it completely. Sorry doesn't simply make up for five days of pain and anguish the super-soldier must have suffered, and sorry doesn't make up for the tears almost made him shed.
What he sees he has no words for, his mind starting to blank from too much blood loss, as well as the small static in his ears, and thick clouds that started to amalgamate together in his head, cutting off his thought process slowly. He does register, however, that there's two Steve's, throwing punches back and forth. Steve on the other hand- the real Steve, that Tony can barely make out through his fogged mind and intense depth perception, doesn't notice Tony struggling to get up. He doesn't notice the way he stumbles and loses his balance on his way over to him, doesn't notice the way he drags the scepters sharp edge along the roof, doesn't notice how close Tony is to passing out, because he's too busy with the imposter in front of him.
He never had the time, nor the place to tell Tony and it caused everything to go to shit in Siberia. Where they fought, where he did the most unimaginable thing he has ever come to do. Putting his shield inside Tony's chest, where his Arc Reactor lay. He was caught between a rock and a hard place. Tony wasn't willing to listen to reason, and Steve had made his choice. But he also lost Tony, and that he regrets deeply.
"Do you see any way to get inside? Like any sort of small opening at the top or sides of this thing?"
Yes, Tony Stark, is deeply in love with Steve Rogers. The man out of time, the guy who spent 70 years encased in ice, lost everything close to him, the man who struggled to work modern technology and the guy who was the only one capable of dealing with Tony's shit. That was who Steve Rogers was to Tony. He was more than the iconic superhero Captain America, who everybody adored and looked up to. As a kid, Tony was also someone who looked up to Captain America, he practically was his entire childhood. His father always told him about the tale of Captain America, and Tony ate those stories up as a kid that he, too, ended up becoming a fan of the great man. However, Captain America and Steve Rogers are two different people, and Tony always realized that. Whereas a kid he never got to know the man behind the mask, but as an adult, that's what Tony got the chance to do. He got to learn all about Steve Rogers, and it's safe to say that he's so happy he got the chance to learn more about the guy because he absolutely loves everything about him.
"Stark!"
"You should see yourself." She smirked.
For days, and weeks, he sat there and rested his head on the silky soft white bed sheets, never once leaving Tony's side. When Natasha brought over his sketchbook and art supplies, he spent his time drawing images from his memory. Each image brought him closer and closer to tears as he drew and stared at his finished work. He just wanted him to wake up so he could see those beautiful brown eyes he loved so much, he wanted to physically see that Tony was ok. He couldn't handle listening to this insistent as well as persistent beating. He swears he was losing it, listening to the annoying
"Hey," the genius said quietly, making the soldier look at him with sad blue eyes. "We have each other now, and through everything that has happened, I'm glad I get to share this moment. I love you, and I'll always love you, Stevie." He smiled at Tony's words.
"It appears that the glass has done more damage than we thought, and the severity of his thoracic cavity has extended as well." She stood next to him, opening the file she had containing his injuries. She pointed at the image of his sternum first, focusing on his neck. "During the operation, there were some difficulties; as you know the serum makes it sort of impossible for the morphine to keep him under since his metabolism burns it rather quickly, so, during the twelve-hour period, there were vast complications that added to his existing injury. His larynx was slightly damaged during the operation, and I apologize for that."
"What is it, Stark?" He heard the deep voice of Fury in his ear. He had forgotten for a moment that he had told Friday to call the super spy, so his voice did take him by surprise for a second.
health when the person fighting for their life is laying there, broken, bruised, and bloody." He spoke as calmly as he could. It was hard to even tell himself that everything was going to be ok, but he didn't know if it really was.
"Make coffee. I don't... Know
"Woah, slow down, soldier, you're rambling." Tony walked over to Steve and placed his hand on the taller male's shoulder, turning him around and lightly pushing him towards his seat. "You're thinking too much, which, by the way, coming from me, is ironic since most people know me for my intellect. Dinner looks great by the way."
"Come on. Stay with me. I'm gonna get you out of here." She whispered. I supported my own body weight as much as I could as to not put any strain on her, but the major blood loss I was suffering from made it hard to not only keep my eyes open but to not collapse right then and there.
Alright, so it has come to my attention that some people would rather prefer to have all the chapters at once. So, as a compromise, just in case there are people who don't mind waiting for an update, I have decided that I'll post the remaining chapters daily. Since this book is done, and I'm just moving over my stories from Wattpad onto here, I am perfectly okay with daily uploads. I hope this satisfies those who would like to receive all the chapters, and those who want to process what they have read in the previous chapters before receiving the next.
His breath hitched and was caught in his throat, his vision blurred as tears started to form. He quickly wiped them away with the back of his hand, not wanting to cry in front of Steve. The soldier only giggled and reached out to grab Tony's hand, kissing his palm before entwining their fingers, and then kissing the back of his hand.
Tony knew that the only way to make the situation better was to put an end to this whole nightmare. He knew that the team was going to have to figure out where these things' final target was, and they would have to put a stop to it. Tony swears that he'll do whatever it takes to not only ensure that this whole fiasco is over, but he'll also ensure that after this is all over, he'll make sure that Steve is finally happy, no matter what.
He hated how vulnerable he was when it happened; not just because he allowed himself to believe that even for a second Tony
it transform in front of him. His hand started to shake and before he knew it, the creature was already in front of him, lowering his left hand and gently cradling the right side of his helmet.
"Why would I need to worry about Capsicle? He's safe at home with Wanda." The way the smirk never faltered from the creature unnerved Tony, and he could see the other knew it was too as its smirk grew.
"Friday, turn off the lights in the Captain's room." He ordered.
Just like before, he sits in his lab once more, staring at the screen in front of him that shows the soldier in his room. His heart lurches as he watches the soldier break down on the screen, guilt coursing through his entire being, staining his blood, curling around the bones in his body in a vice-like grip, not willing to let go. Just why did he say that word? He knows how much Steve hates that nickname because it reminds him of everything he has lost from his previous life, and he just
A horrible wave of nausea washed over Tony at Bruce's words, his eyes falling back onto the blonde. "What exactly did they do to him, Bruce?" The good doctor looked at his worn-out friend, his eyes full of concern as he glanced down at the clipboard again.
"And you think I haven't been going through as much shit like you?" He cursed. Anger rising just a little bit, food forgotten. "You betrayed me and got me locked up, in case you've forgotten. I nearly died back there, and yet you won't tell me
He heads back to his room, slamming his door open and then closed. He hates himself for loving someone so much because evidently love hurts you in the end. But he doesn't regret it; doesn't regret loving Peggy, and he most certainly doesn't regret loving Tony, it just hurts too much for him to handle. Realistically he should be fine with it, he's been hurting all his life with every person who hurts him or ends up leaving him, but with Tony he wanted things to be different.
"You don't need to lie to me, Tony." He then noticed the way Tony's eyes turned cold within an instant, followed by a loud scoff in reply.
Tony sighed happily, the corner of his lips twitching slightly into a small smile. "I love you, too." He pulled his hands back and looked down towards Steve's bandaged arm. He brought the blonde's arm towards his lips, kissing the bandage that covered his cuts. Steve blushed lightly, but he thought the gesture was adorable. "We're gonna win, together."
He thinks to himself, that he's not good enough for Tony anymore. He thinks to himself, why would Tony want someone who's broken, or damaged goods, when he could find someone better, more suitable for him. Why have someone who can't communicate properly anymore, as well as someone who can't see well out of one eye, when the genius could simply just be done with him and go after someone else worthy of his time? It's the confidence he's lost that makes him feel this way, and it's the lost confidence that eats away at him, lets his mind think all these negative thoughts about himself that destroy him from the inside.
His eyesight had gotten a lot better, and while it's not perfect because there are still moments where his vision goes fuzzy and he needs to blink rapidly to correct it, the adhesion is gone and he can see just as clearly as he could before. The stuttering, however, persisted, but he was ok with that. He wasn't ok with it at first because he still desperately wanted his voice to be normal, he wanted to be able to speak without stuttering, but thanks to a certain brown-haired genius he loves so much, who assured him that the stuttering is a part of him now and he's always been perfect in his eyes no matter what, he was ok with it. So, he copes with the stuttering and embraces it. He speaks more often, even going so far as to speak long sentences and he's ok with constantly stuttering. It's not as frequent as it used to be, but it's still there and he's ok with that.
, he thought with a sudden start. Because they weren’t anymore, and these garments were not a disguise. They were really all he had to keep warm.
“Herr Stark,” Stefen began as soon as the room was silent again. His voice was dangerously controlled. “I have granted you many liberties because I am fond of you. But you are never to speak to me that way again. Have I made myself clear?”
“Aw honey, its okay,” he tried to sooth as the little girls face continued to crumble. She let him wrap his arms around her though and even lowered her hands as she glared up at the ceiling in reprimand.
Flopping back and forth between Tony and Péter in some approximation of swimming, she seemed just fine. Better even than he had ever seen her. All the children were, Tony thought with satisfaction as he cast his gaze around. Except…
Stefen chuckled dryly and Tony smiled, though it made him sad to think of them so young and so often going without. His childhood by contrast seemed obscene.
“Who are those people, and why is everyone crying?”
In his father’s shadow, Ian’s mood had dropped lower and lower after the boat race. His continence becoming unusually despondent and moody until he was acting far more like James than he was his usual self.
"What are you doing?" he asked, calmer than Tony had expected.
“Cap”
The car jolted suddenly and tilted to the right. Harrison had finally managed to take out the tires. The sudden motion took Stark by surprise and his opponent took advantage of his momentary lapse to deliver him a hard blow to the face. He wrestled the pistol free of Stark’s slackened grip and straightened up.
"Company Leader Hoffman, sir." Zimmerman faltered over the sentence as Rogers stilled, anger written in every line of his stiff back. “About a new propaganda tour, sir?”
“Yes, Baroness. " The maid hurried out with a careful dip, the bowl of sick held far away from her. Dvorak made sure to step well out of her way as she passed him, taking a large portion of the acidic smell with her.
“Life as a civilian has made you soft. You used to not care where your food came from,” Steve commented softly, watching Bucky’s face fondly as it twisted in a show of affront.
But he was here with Steve, offering ice of all things, and not ratting him out to the hundreds of SS in and around the house. Why? He wondered not for the first time.
“I’m not leaving until you calm down.” He almost didn’t hear Péter say. His head had begun to throb with headache. Péter stepped in front of his sister, planting himself between them and glaring defiantly back at Steve. A flush of heat surged within him anew and lodging right between Steve’s temples, when it registered (of all things) that he didn’t have to look as far down as he was accustomed to.
Her intentions clear, relief and reluctant admiration trickled through him as he took the slip Susann handed him with a grim nod. He’d known there was a reason he’d always liked her.
“Tony and I were born the same year. Our mothers were best friends and had planned to baptize us together, but Tony’s father forbade it. Still, they wanted us to know one another, so we would celebrate our birthdays together in December.” Grig explained, his voice soft. That gentleness only further angered Tony, because baptisms and birthdays weren’t the half of it.
Bucky blew out a slow breath releasing a plume of smoke as his fingers tapped on the fag he held with an agitated beat.
“I do have a staff Susann. They run the house just fine.” Steve grumbled. Susan hummed, but it sounded doubtful. She was still smiling pleasantly however when she asked.
Péter bristled at being referred to as a child, but if it got them where they needed to go he decided to just suffer it in silence. The monk’s eyes flicked over to him and Péter felt his skin crawl under the speculative gaze.
It became almost immediately apparent that Catherine Bonnaire was no ordinary foot soldier. The car she had waiting for them outside of the church was military-grade, and brand new by the looks of that paint. A two bencher, with tires that looked like they could handle just about any terrain, she was a thing of beauty. Laffly S15R, Tony filed the inscription on the front bumper away as his eyes roved over the beautiful machine.
Tony nodded stiffly in reply and continued on his way, in no mood to risk being stopped for a neighborly chat. He grit his teeth and wrapped his arms around himself to ward off the chill as he quickened his step.
“Sorry, I missed that. I don't speak mumbles.”
"Never you mind Hammer whether the captain is expecting them. I'll handle the captain." He heard Tony say before the man had even entered the room and Steve's mouth twitched toward a smirk.
"Stop it." Wanda muttered, drawing her knees up to her chin with a shudder. "You're being stupid Pietro. You said we could trust them because they are like us!"
Finally, the sound of clicking heels approached and Steve promptly stood up, ready to greet Baroness Schrader as she made her way toward him. And it was indeed the Baroness who had come to greet him that afternoon, in all her refined elegance and a politely aloof expression. There was little of the woman that Steve had come to think of as a friend and confidant on her face as she smiled at him. Not that he’d expected any different.
"Those parties were fun... but we can't dance around in the garden this time. Not with the mayor coming."
Kirk’s eyes narrowed thoughtfully.
Stefen's health had taken a frightening turn since Major Dvorak and Dr. Fischer had left with the troubling news that Stefen was beset with Scarlett Fever.
“Well, this isn’t my best side.”
Red inched up Tony’s neck and he shifted. He had no doubt it was because Steve was staring but he couldn’t seem to stop. This man was… Steve struggled to find the words for it, but wonderful came to mind. Tony was wonderful.
Her eyes, though, they're an icy hazel-blue that seems both welcoming and beseeching at once.
“The jet,” Steve explains, tilting his head to listen, “I think… someone is trying to create contact with us.”
“I don’t know”
“I have a family too, you idiot,” Clint says, and Scott shrugs because
ordinary?” She tilts the gun to point directly at the God’s face and fingers the trigger seductively. Loki’s eyes widen as a sliver of electric blue winks at him from within the chamer.
“Oh, honey,” Missouri smiles as she pats Tony’s cheek, so intimate and close for only knowing him for the hour they talked, “you’re never alone. I can bet that there are already a number of people that depend and rely on you, and care for you. In fact, I can name one that would be completely lost without you.” Her smile is devious, teasing.
Besides, it was probably nothing anyway. Just her own way of making an excuse to stay around as long as she possibly could.
“It’s nice to think that you’d do the same but you’re just tricking yourself into thinking that, Tones. You’d call Pepper to lead the charge on official channels. You’d have FRIDAY scouring the entire technological world. You would go and personally investigate any leads. Happy probably wouldn’t let anyone out of his sight and would demand for check ins.
“Tony,” Steve chokes out and he’s still on his knees, just above Tony’s shins, arms bracing Tony’s biceps in his previous effort to lift the scientist. “Tony, we can’t do this. Don’t do this to me,” He whispers and Tony closes his eyes, lets out a shuddery breath. Steve moves, shifts to back away but Tony is right there with him, filling the space Steve leaves behind with a sort of urgency that tightens his throat.
“Sure,” Rhodey concedes, “but he’s also the guy with a degree in electrical engineering that figured pulling on random wires in your suit was a good idea and not borderline homicidal so.”
Steve’s trying to pull the metal clasps riveted to the floor when Tony’s eyes snap open and the gauntlets unlock.
Tony doesn’t speak for a long while, letting the words, the kindly, sympathetic voice wash over him. After a heartbeat, he speaks:
And to know, to be told that
Darcy slams her hands on the coffee table covered in sticky notes and wires. Her hair is a tangled, poofed-up mess on one side where she kept grabbing with her free hand. “I am
“—just, look up these coordinates for me, yeah?” Darcy looks up at the yellow square Jane holds up and starts tapping away at her phone. “Let me know what you get, we may need to re-do some of the wiring.”
he should be dead, he shouldn't be here--
Steve blush, really—and something in Tony’s mind, or chest, gets a little warm and fuzzy and for a moment he thinks it might be a stroke but it’s much, much worse. He pushes that aside and focuses on more important topics, like the throbbing pain in his shoulder and the strange illusions that plague his every moment.
“Is this some kind of imprinting, you think?” Tony asks, and despite the somewhat cavalier choice of words, Vision thinks he understands. “You and her, uh, you did have an-uh,
, bites and still-forming hickeys littering his neck, scratch marks against his shoulders and biceps. Tony groans and feels himself twitch, licks his lips at the canvas of flesh before him.
Tony closes his eyes, imagines Steve laid out before him, feels those strong fingers carding through his hair so gently, hears that husky voice whisper, “am I stupid for still wanting to try? For still loving you?”
Having someone in your mind, fiddling about isn’t as odd as Tony would like to think. When she let’s go of his hands, he realizes just how lonely a busy mind can feel.
The chunk of wood is thrown of its rusting rusted hinges and Tony curses when the tell-tale shine of emerald body armor glints in the blaring hot afternoon sunlight. He looks up into her hazy green eyes and thinks, not for the first time, that he was too late.
Still no beta. Sorry!
It smells like smoke and fire and death and pain and-and flowers,
He’s watching, and breathing heavily, and he can hear Bucky’s voice in the back of his mind full of disappointment
“Tony? Tony hey listen up—you remember…?”
Tony listened to Jarvis’ summary as he left the Auditorium, down the hall and out the broken front door. He watched various images pop up on his screen, even as Steve said something to the S.H.I.E.L.D. officer by the chopper.
For one, the minute he opens the door, a shard of electric blue embeds itself in his bicep. It’s like a brand of white-hot heat digging into his muscles and bone and,
“I know you followed me,” Shuri says, smacking the Black Panther costume she has standing. She taps at her wrist to add in some numbers into her calculation, not enough kinetic energy absorption; if three-thousand and three-hundred newtons would break an ordinary man’s rib, add in the strength of the Panther…
Steve tugs on the chains vainly, heart in his throat. Amora’s bleeding out and Tony’s hand shake as he rises to his knees. Steve glares at Loki, a few feet away with Thor leaning heavily on Loki’s side.
Also, why did the whole Missouri thing not crop up in any movie? Did it get covered in Agents of Shield? 'Cause I'm barely catching up on that so I wouldn't know.
Wanda dreams restlessly. She can feel the spit of the seats pressing into her side from where she lays over two of them in a fetal position, of sorts, with her knees tucked into her chest and one arm bent to pillow her head as the other holds onto the next seat over. She can hear everyone's voice in the cockpit and the low hum of the Quinjet beneath it all.
Back to Tony on the couch, then.
There’s a puzzle here. A bigger picture. Tony’s just not looking at it at the right angle, something is wrong, just… not there. He sighs, closes his eyes.
“You, uh,” Steve rubs the back of his neck and Tony, god, he’s just a sappy fool behind the mask, just another idiot with a thing for men in uniform because he feels a touch of heat spread through his body at the awkwardness because it’s Steve and the damn Capsicle is sexy when he’s doing anything and everything (because Tony might be a kinky man but his biggest fetish can only be labeled as “Steve” and fuck he’s so far down the rabbit hole that it’s no use denying anything). “You fell asleep on the couch and everyone just sort of vacated so I brought you to your room”
Natasha begins to reach out her hand to feel the ashy surface, the uneven cut of each hand made rosary bead. And this woman, her nephew had just taken a piece, maybe a few pieces during the first few days when no one knew who to send and so no one was there.
“Did you aid the fugitive Avengers Clint Barton, Sam Wilson, Wanda Maximoff, and Scott Lan in their escape?” Ross demands and Rhodey had the misfortune to rise his cup of water to his lips at the same moment and chokes. Vision remains impassive in the face of Ross’s increasing agitation and—
Steve blinks, and the fifteen minutes of disaster flashes before his eyes.
He doesn’t need to open his eyes to see the emerald boots, blond hair and mad eyes.
“Yessir, I believe Master Odinson has just arrived and is on the garage level. Would you have me send him here?”
It’s more like a snap of fingers, here and gone but the sound still stays fresh in your mind.
“Anything, just let me save them,” Tony shoves at the prickling, cold sensation that spreads through his body.
“Then don’t leave me,” Tony whispers, and they’re not kissing, they’re not even touching more than to hold and to pull, to push and to leave but there’s a charge in the air. The silence is smoldering now and Tony wants to open his eyes, wants to say something else but the air is being stolen from his lungs by Steve’s warm breath across his lips.
Everything was quiet for the most part, all except for something hitting the floor. It hit the ground with a loud thud and sat there lifeless. Nobody dared to make a sound, and nobody dared to move. Everything was silent, and it was that eerie silence that ran goosebumps up your skin and made you shudder.
"Promise?"
let anybody else get hurt."
was about." She emphasizes the word that.
He didn't dare move, in fear if he did the heart monitor would stop beeping again. He wanted to get something to eat from the cafeteria, but as soon as he took those first few steps the machine emitted an eerie single note beep continuously. He panicked and started screaming for help, alerting every doctor who passed by the hall to his room. After that, he stayed glued to his seat, next to the bed that held his genius. Everybody tried to tell him he needed sleep, that he needed to eat and drink, but he refused all of their requests. They soon started to bring him food and water, but he didn't touch it right away. He let the necessities sit there, his blue eyes unable to look at anything other than the sleeping form on the brunette.
So, instead of showing up to Steve's therapy session, he hid away in Shuri's lab, laughing and talking story, keeping his mind busy with all her inventions, and trying to create his own invention with her tools that maybe could help Steve with his blindness and his speech impediment.
"Fuck!" He swore loudly, accidentally shocking himself with one of the new widow bites he designed for Natasha.
"I thought you could handle a little pain, Cap. When did you become so weak and pitiful." He spits at me.
in all these amazing ways that he couldn't fathom putting words on it, that his name alone out of Steve's mouth held so much love that it just left him truly breathless. "You have been the light of my life, this sparkling, beautiful light that never ceases to die out and only shines so bright when I'm around. You keep me rooted, on my toes, you keep me so close to you, and every time I hold you in my arms, or I kiss those calloused, yet perfect lips of yours do I fall in love all over again, and continue to tell myself that I am home.
"Can you guys hear me?" Tony asked.
"I'm gonna g-get you out of h-here." He said. Tony nodded his head, but then his eyes went wide. He was confused at first, but then he felt the cold barrel end of a gun pressed against his skull.
"T-Tony!"
"For everything, really." He rolled over onto his side, keeping the geniuses head on his chest and his body close to him as he continued. "Thank you for giving me a home when I never had one, you could've left me at the hands of S.H.I.E.L.D. after the whole Loki incident, but you invited me over and gave me a place to stay. Thank you for treating me like an actual person and not an American Icon of Patriotism. It's nice to know someone realizes that I am an actual human being, realizes who I am instead of what I am. And finally, thank you for loving me. When I was broken and scared, you continued to love me through it all and took your time with me, and I would never give up what we have for anything in this world. Thank you for everything you've given me. I love you, so much, Anthony Edward Stark." By the end of his speech, Tony instantly leaned in, ignoring the slight pain in his abdomen area as he gently kissed the soldier, pulling back with a huge smile on his face.
“H-he needed to get sick.” She rasped, a breathy desperate admission. “Just a little.”
“Well since you asked so politely.”
“Believe it or not, Antony, I meant no particular offense to you either. You cannot help the conditions of your birth any more than any of us can. We’ve all been the victims of race mixing and the German people have paid the price in the quality of its offspring.” Vonkov lamented and a low murmur of agreement went around the table. Steve’s gut churned as Vonkov’s beady eyes fixed on him once more, a gleam of hunger in them.
Tony thought of Atlas, bracing himself to hold the weight of the world, as they stood in silence the both of them knowing the futility of his anger. It wasn't Tony who had used Stefen, only to turn all his hopes to dust.
“You thought they’d spare yours,
Before this war was over, people were going to know that meant something. Starting with old dogs who needed to be taught some new tricks.
“It’ll be hard work but between Daniel and I, we should have it done by the end of the week.”
"I'm not party to -"
“He’ll get it there.” Stefen responded shortly, tone making it clear that no more would be said on the subject.
Tony hurried to the window aghast at the thought of one of the captain’s children dangling from his window in the middle of a thunderstorm. By the time he’d opened it and undone the twine around the shutters latch he was practically shaking, and his nerves were only further strained when opening the damn things nearly knocked the boy off his precarious perch.
As Stefen sang his eyes slowly moved over the faces of the audience, establishing a connection with each one as the song carried them back to memories of their childhood. Tony was in the kitchen with Ana and Jarvis, the radio playing, Ana humming along with the old folk tune, the scent of sugar and apricots filling the air.
He saw Péter pause, tense as if waiting, and lean closer to the barrel until his ear was pressed against the wood. He must have heard something from inside, because a moment later he straightened again and continued the rhythmic tapping.
“It is good they come to me. We’ve made such a terrible mess of our bloodlines, there’s any number of closets for skeletons to hide in.” She tutted, looking away from where Janneke was holding court and giving Tony a slow thorough appraisal. “Even the great Hughard Stark had a few of his own.”
Tony crossed the stage to fetch the instrument from Julia and crossed back to give it to Steve, who looked as if he was contemplating jumping off the stage and making a run from the room.
It would have to work. She was sure that if her father were still himself, he’d have done anything to save the family. She’d never know though, because he wasn’t and he couldn’t, so she had to. He was counting on her.
They held each other's gazes for a long moment - until Bucky thought he might shout into the silence just to break the spell - and then Stark looked away, almost shy, his eyes skating over Maria and Tacha.
If Stark meant to attempt some sort of blackmail, he had another thing coming if he thought Bucky was going to play that game. He'd feared this might happen. Seen it happen to some of the other guys. Any display of weakness and the wolves come salivating to the door.
His brother.
“And Milthede,” Charlotte called as the maid turned to dash away, the woman turned back, waiting for her instructions. “Call Analise at the Kindertransport, tell her I'm interested in making another charitable donation.”
“We’re cutting it close taking the ‘bird over thirteen hundred miles as it is! Even with the weight we saved stripping the bombs. I – hey! What did I say about touching my tools Stark!”
He didn’t have to say it but everyone knew what he meant. Before Tony, the Rogers children had rarely dared to step a foot out of line or so much as speak above a whisper in their own home for fear of inciting one of the captain’s black moods.
“How long will you be gone this time?” Ian asked quietly, his voice carrying a hint of resignation.
Tony slowly approached the bed, giving her ample time to protest. But when Tony cleared his throat and the boys pulled back, releasing their father just enough for him to sit up again and reach for her, she leased her death grip and Tony lowered her into Stefen’s waiting arms.
He understood. He nodded again. He understood. Maybe the little ones didn’t' but Ian would help them to understand. It was just like when he was little. Father would go away for months but he’d come back. Mama would smile and laugh and show him the new baby and the house would fill with music.
"Then what do you suggest we do Stark, fly?" Bucky sneered, but if Bakhuizen thought Tony was going to start wilting just because Stefen's best friend wasn't his biggest fan he was going to be sorely disappointed.
After getting all the information that he could from Tony’s grandfather it took an hour more to retrace Tony’s steps. Tony hadn’t said where he was going when they’d parted ways. ‘
He’d been a little taken back to discover just how much the character truly did resemble him but had chalked it up to coincidence. What else was one supposed to think? But now he knew better. Oh but still too little he thought as he hurried from the study, pausing briefly to make sure there was no sound from within the hall. The coast clear, he slipped out the door and turned to lock it behind him.
“Good one, Péter!” his young friend Bobby exclaimed, leaning close to get a look at it. “My father’s got one but he never lets me touch it.”
"Yes, Tony and uncle Bucky are looking after him now. They asked me to make soup," he replied jerking his head toward the pot on the stove.
He could smell the smoke before he saw the actual blaze. Furnishings on fire, buildings set ablaze, frames warping under the heat like a giant hand had come down and squeezed them.
“Father?” The boy’s voice wavered as his father looked down at him with a startled frown but Artur gulped and bravely continued. “Did Sam do something wrong? Do you not like him anymore?”
No. They had to find some way to get the truth out, Péter thought, resolved.
“Why? ” Ian asked, cocking his head. That was very different. In the past his father had always been stationed somewhere far away in the mountains.
“Your Eminence.”
The promise of Ruth. Everything Tony had ever wanted… a promise far too good to be true.
“He’s a tool Ian! We’re all tools, and the minute we stop being useful we will be the sorriest we’ve ever been.” She warned once more before looking away, plastering a practiced smile upon her face as if she hadn’t just frightened him to the core.
“Look up, so that I don’t see my neighbor fall beside me?” Tony flinched inwardly but he held Stefen’s stare. Blood for blood was only fair he supposed. But it stung to hear Stefen say, “perhaps you can live that way Tony, but I can’t live only concerned about my own survival.”
The pleasure was intense. The heat in his belly winding tighter and tighter as they moved against each other, hands touching and breathes coming in short pants.
“Plan Z. I see you already know about it.” Tony smiled at him to soften the teasing and Steve swallowed thickly. Hands almost shaking with shock. He was holding Plan Z. Hitler’s plans for the naval force were in his hands.
Damn.
Tony had opened the door before he could stop himself.
It was at that moment that the doors of the music room swept open, immediately bringing the sound of music and the chatter within the room to a halt. All of them turned their heads with the skittishness of rabbits to watch as Lt. Stevens entered the room with a purposeful stride. Frau Hogan and a woman Péter recognized from their social mixers with the Young Maidens trailed behind him. The BDM leader Frauline Werner was wearing a soft sympathetic smile that did not match the deadness of her eyes. Frau Hogan looked anxious underneath the calm expression she wore and that frightened him most of all.
“Sir, I cannot help but wonder-”
Despite the fear she’d shown on the dock Maria was not the most difficult child to teach the fine sport of swimming. That dubious honor (unexpectedly) went to Sara.
Sam followed him out, closing the door behind him. Steve pressed his lips together, heading for the dining room, firmly trying to stomp his irritation.
“No, no he was a... there were-" Steve stammered, unsure how to phrase what he was trying to say. "Péter there will always be terrible ideas backed by crowds of people, and they won't always call themselves Nazis."
"Though not to meet a fIancé I imagine, with the way you came to my rescue." she murmured into her cup and Tony's lips twisted in a wry smile.
Clever girl. Beautiful, wonderful, clever girl.
“-completely ignoring your chosen curriculum, singing and dancing like the house is a circus, excursions into town! The children came back in such a state I’m sure something must have happened but they won’t say. The children are terrified of him Captain.”
“Tony?”
“Father, would you play for us? Please…” Péter asked, the light from the lanterns illuminating the hope in his expression but the noise from the party still too much for anybody but those standing the very closest to notice how his voice shook as he held the instrument out in his arms.
"I could find you anywhere” he promised lowly.
He slammed the thought away. That hope was dead now. Best accept it and move on.
“When you’re afraid of something you have to face it.” Ian reminded him, because hadn’t Steve said that a million times to them over the course of their young lives – when they came to him with scrapes and bruises and nightmares, when he’d walked into the music room and found them huddled under Peggy’s piano still smelling of the funeral flowers?
“I hear him.” Natacha replied under her breath, staring resolutely ahead as if she had not. She was watching the cars in the street for a sign of Harold, who was supposed to come to take her and Péter home, the film running too close to curfew for either of them to cycle home.
“If you insist. I suppose you could say I got him fired. Or rather his temper did.” Tony explained. “I was a mouthy pupil.”
Silently Tony reached for the drawer where Willamina kept the knives, his hand curling around the cool wooden handle as Péter’s breath audibly quickened within the room.
“An excellent suggestion, Stefano, my dearest of friends,” Tony chirped as they settled, leaning up against the stone house. Steve shot him an annoyed glance but Tony just grinned winsomely up at him and whispered lowly in Italian, “I can’t use your real name can I, my captain? What if she’s a spy?”
A dark cloud had settled over Péter’s house, and indeed all of Austria and Germany as well.
“I suspect you might already know- ”, she began, licking her dry lips. “I’ve something I need to tell you.”
"But isn't it? You still think you're the one who has to do all the fighting. You're the soldier. I'm just supposed to sit by with my thumb up my ass looking like- What was it you called me Bakhuizen, a pretty boy?"
Steve reached for his gun and fired once into the air directly above their heads. It was enough to make the Hitler Youth jump and scramble backward, wild eyes focusing on him. He could see them taking in his size, his uniform, trying to decide what to do.
"What do you want from me Stefen?”
You made it kids! *BIG HUGS*
“It could have been much worse.” Tony admonished. The girl’s chin raised and Natacha stared at him, brows arching in challenge. Tony smiled weakly, too exhausted for anything more.
The man was lying, Tony was sure, though he could not figure out why the Nazi's would lie about something so simple.  But he could tell by the placement of the structure alone that its purpose, no matter how massive, was not to heat the rest of the camp.
unforeseeable. Then again there's what good sense tells you and what the heart tells you.Let it be known that Tony's heart should never be trusted in matters of life and death.
“Tony it’s me. Can I come in?”
Tony had expected it but still the words hurt. Speaking too close to his own fears.
Catching Natacha’s eye, Tony tilted his head back to catch one on his tongue. He gave up when she tugged on his arm with an admonishing shake of her head. He straightened again; his mouth spread into a grin. They walked arm in arm for another block before she finally spoke.
No more of that.
As Artur scrambled to show him all the parts of the completed little boat and describe the litany of colors he was going to paint it, Steve listened. The sun shone down on them and the breeze tickled Artur’s blond hair; and slowly the energy that had wound Steve up tight after meeting with Franz began to leak out of him. In its wake was something quiet and still, but for once the quiet did not unnerve him.
Bruce and the others were huddled tightly together under the thin blankets Tony’d packed, forming a tight circle around a gas lamp for heat. He very much doubted he’d be getting much rest.
Peter let out a breath of air that maybe was a laugh, maybe not, and turned to look at him. Rubbing the back of his neck he said, “I guess you’ll be the man of the house now, Ian.”
Tony watched James scamper off, happy to see him so active again with no sign of the wheeze that had plagued him the week previous. While he and his siblings were occupied with the sled, Tony took the rare moment of peace to himself to take another inventory of their supplies. He did not allow himself to think about the past as he worked, only the future (only forward) because there was no fixing the road behind them. They had to be ready for what was ahead, and Tony believed fervently in preemptive action verses reactive. Reacting was what had consumed Stefen’s whole life. Reacting had got them here in the first place. They needed to anticipate. Anticipate. Adapt. Evolve.  That was how they’d survive this.
“ – they’ve been wanted for weeks! The Captain has sworn us to secrecy of course, because it’s all a fine mess, but mark my words when they’re found it’ll be the end of Stark. Can you imagine the nerve of him, bringing that sort under the Captain’s roof?”  Hammer was crowing, and for a moment Tony was too caught up in the nature of what he was saying to realize that he and the children were in the open and it would be very bad if Julia were to glance over Hammer’s shoulder. That dirty snake! That traitorous dirty snake!
When your father realized he could no longer keep the family together, that must have been difficult. Take us through that conversation. How did he explain it to you?
“All the more reason for you and father to support our union.” Charlotte replied with a dainty shrug.
Bucky gave a heaving sigh as soon as he and Steve had left the bar. Beside him Steve reached into his jacket, fishing out the pack of cigarettes he kept there by habit and handing them over to Bucky. Steve rarely indulged but he knew that Bucky went through his smokes like they were mother’s milk. Bucky nodded silently in gratitude and pulled out two, sticking one into his mouth and jerking his head toward the ally.  Steve followed him wordlessly and Bucky found a cleaner looking section of wall to lean on as he lit up, the silence hanging heavy between them.
Tony arched his brows in alarm at her announcement, gaze meeting Stefen's with worry.
When Péter walked into the basement of the butcher shop that evening he was unsurprised to find Rogue there, along with the others.
"Look at you. I hardly recognized you!" Charlotte exclaimed, ignoring the ridiculous request.
"I’ll get him. We’ll meet you at the exit.” Tony waved at the others to go as he turned to go after Bruce. “Bruce, we don't have time.” He hissed at the other man's back as he strode over toward the commotion and the bleeding man on the bed.
Received date September 25
Even in the dark Steve could see that Tony's olive skin was bleach white, though whether that was from fear or from the oozing cuts and bruises across his face was harder to discern. He was hurt, Steve realized with new alarm. His eyes flew over the children once more – thinking of all the situations that could have led to Tony being injured – before flying back to the monk, relieved to see that other than his face he wasn’t visibly bleeding anywhere else.
When the four of them finally did arrive back to the villa, it was to find that they had a surprise visitor. A plain black automobile was pulled up to the garage, a uniformed driver waiting in the front seat. The sight of an unfamiliar car in the drive made them all go quiet as Harold pulled their car in beside it and the driver nodded to them. They shared worried glances between them but tried to keep up a façade of normality as they unloaded their bags and made their way inside.
“Look I’m sorry I said it like that,” Bucky apologized. He knew that it hadn’t been any easier for Stefen to leave the caravan than it had been for Bucky.
Steve clenched his teeth until they ached, forcing the visions back, and pushing down the swell of grief the memories had brought with them. Those boys were dead. They didn’t matter right now. Nothing mattered except saving what was left.  That was the mission, and he couldn’t do it alone.
“Jesus, Stefen,” Bucky let out a shaky breath. “You haven't looked this pathetic since you were a skinny brat.” He wiped the sweat off of Stefen’s face with a spare cloth with rare tenderness. “Missing the good ol’days, huh?” Bucky’s smile crinkled around his eye as he leaned forward. He kept up a steady stream of talk as Tony cleaned up. Stefen kept his lips sealed tightly, his eyes locked on Bucky like a lifeline as he talked.
“But... Father Superior I must-”
Steve said his name. Made it a plea and an apology all in one. I’m sorry and please
“Tony!” Maria, who was standing knee deep in snow with her hand tightly clutching Artur's turned and saw him first. Her voice carried, but it was nothing compared to the noise coming from the platform on the other side of the train. At least he hoped.  “Tony! Tony the police -” Péter immediately started in once he beat back the fear and saw that the man running toward them really
“Me? Surely not Captain. Just remarking on what a fine day it is.”
The children came from nowhere and everywhere at once. Upstairs, down the hallway, any number of doors opened revealing a child. One by one they lined up in a row tallest to shortest like tiny soldiers. It struck a sour note with him. Children should not be soldiers. Tony had seen all the propaganda for the Hitlerjugend, and in recent months he’d had the pleasure of witnessing them marching through the streets (who hadn’t?). Boys and girls of all ages delighted to be disposable to the German army. Smiling faces and blonde heads gleaming in the sunlight. Idyllic and dangerous. What was the country coming too?  He shifted away from them uneasily.
Those who had fled their homes on their own power favored the option of leaving the country altogether, but with the borders tightly regulated, hefty fees, and so few countries still willing to take them many found themselves stuck in a horrifying game of wait for the gestapo to catch up and ship them off to one of the ghettos. Homeless and without options they were forced to find shelter with anyone willing to have a Jew under their roof. They probably thanked God some of the churches were still willing.
Ironically the same man he was entrusting his whole world too.
Steve’s hand drifted to the puckered crescent below his navel, a present from enemy shrapnel.
It wasn't crying… perhaps choking? And it was definitely coming from Stefen’s- the CAPTAINS, DAMN IT- room. He was familiar with the sound of the mind trying to wake itself.
It was torture. Every scrape of a spoon or scuffle of a chair ricocheted off the inside of his skull like a deranged bat. Why did he bother with Vodka anyway? Vodka always left Bucky like this aching, regretting, and ultimately wanting more. It was nothing like the soothing touch of fine Grappa. Now that was a drink. But his last bottle had mysteriously gone missing due to - he was damn sure of it - Stark’s sticky fingers.
Sorry. He was
“I thought I heard a cry. I was just checking on the Major.” Jürgen explained with what he hoped was an easy smile. Bakhuizen did not return it.
"Well that's a shame," Bakhuizen scoffed. "Your Da and I were catching rabbits when we were smaller than you. Hey Stark, did Willamina pack us any vegetables? "
As Péter Rogers parked his bike behind the butchers shop he pondered what a strange thing it was to watch history repeat itself so many centuries later.
“Perhaps it’s for the best then Herr Stark. We spoke to the administration at the university.” The admiral stated simply. “The Headmaster did remember you as a bright pupil, but he expressed some concern over your reliability.”
“Da!”
“I entered the children into the winter music festival.” He answered, because he wasn’t about to give away his true thoughts.
“I asked when, Arty. Not who.”
and you’re an hour late for the start of lesson.”
"Only that they’re only going to buy this story about being sick for so long. Sooner or later they'll send someone here with orders even her Highness won't be able to talk around, and when they do they'll all see the truth. The only thing sick about Captain Rogers is in his head."
“Oh, it’s not your character.” Charlotte waved her hand as if to wave away his concern. “But your grief was so heavy, after poor Margit left us… She worries, that you will never love me as you loved her. Of course, I told her that was ridiculous. That neither one of us was silly enough to think that our union was based on love, or that it needs to be.”
"There will be no going back." Deiter intervened with a stern snap after the baroness had cast him a helpless look. The children fell silent once more and he felt a twist of sympathy for them. They were only children after all. "Perhaps some music on the radio?" he offered. That would fill the silence and hopefully distract them from stuffed toys and books. But the children did not look enthusiastic, and the little girl missing her bear had begun to cry fat silent tears. Deiter was the one who felt helpless now. He was eternally grateful when the Baroness reached into the back seat to stroke the girl's cheeks clean.
James called out Ian’s name again, frowning and chewing on something (Tony could almost hear the smacking from where he was) regarding his brother thoughtfully. Ian clenched his lips tightly but did not answer his brother’s calls either.
Four days passed without word and Clinton had not returned to the Villa since the Munich agreement had been announced. Within days the German army had invaded the border lands of Czechoslovakia. The reports they listened to claimed Czech resistance in the Sudetenland made it necessary to subdue the whole republic.  Predictably, none of the other European powers wanted to risk their increasingly fragile peace agreement and not a thing was done to answer the nation’s cries for help. Without aide either from France or Britain, and her military bases now under German occupation it was certain that the Czech Republic would fall within the year. Just like that, Czechoslovakia would be gone.
James made a face at Stark and Stark, finally breaking his silent war with Steve, made a face right back. And then he winced in pain, touching a hand to his swollen face.
"Oh no. I can't! Frau Willamina asked me to -" she immediately stuttered in protest, but Tony cut her off because he knew it was just excuses.  Hortense wanted to dance with him, she Just wasn’t confident. She wasn’t fair and slender like Julia and the other maids. It was clear for all to see that Hortense thought herself a regular wallflower, but it was nonsense. Tony couldn't be the only man there who'd noticed that she was rather pretty with pink in her cheeks. And besides, slender was all well and good but Tony appreciated a woman who was plump in all the best places. Even if her hair was mousey instead of golden and her eyes were not blue.
Stark had been a lucky choice in tutors. Unconventional perhaps, but the power behind his name was irrefutable. The Stark’s had shaped industry, been almost the sole foundation of Germany’s economy after the loss of the Great War. If Steve was a symbol of Austrian strength than Antony Stark was the last living symbol of German resilience.
“There’s a man in a fancy suit meeting with the captain,” Willamina informed them almost as soon as they entered the kitchen. Tony’s heart began to pound as Harold went to offer the man a heat lamp and to see what more he could glean through friendly conversation.
She’d skinned both her knees falling down, racing Péter and Harry. She’d be kissed and coddled and carried to her mother, and in the safety of sure loving arms she’d be certain that the pain she felt was only momentary.
“When you’re far away, dreaming on the horizon and the words are missing. Know you’re here with me, building bridges over land and sea. You’re with me, my moon, my sun. You’re with me.”
He stepped back quickly, as if she had transformed into a snake, knocking into Tony who had just come down the stairs.
Bucky nodded because, yes, yes, he did, and played his last card.
“Karachonya, Bucky,” Stefen murmured, like he’d been waiting for years to greet him just this way, the Romany sliding off his tongue warm and poignant like a declaration of love. It hit him like a punch to the throat. Bucky murmured something back, something intelligible he hoped, and shuffled to take an empty seat at the table.
“Don’t thank me till we get them past the gestapo.” he said as Harold appeared in the doorway to signal that the car was ready for departure.
Bucky let out a breath of smoke and turned away from the window, setting off with a brisk pace but not a frantic one. Not a run just yet. He strained his ears and heard it when the guy got out of the car. The car door shut with a thunk that carried on the quiet street. Bucky didn’t slow, didn’t look back to give away that he’d heard or he was paying attention. He threw aside the stub that remained of his smoke, reaching inside his coat again under the guise of fishing out another. His fingers wrapped around the handle of his Colt and the frantic pulse drumming in his ears began to settle.
Artur, closest to the window, was studiously watching a fly buzz about as he mouthed along with his siblings. Tony imagined they could have started denouncing god right in the middle of the classroom and the boy might not have noticed. James was in danger of nodding off and Sara had actually fallen asleep curled up in her chair, sucking on one tiny balled fist.
Tony would hate it if he knew how she still clung to the Nazi mottos, but he was biased. Emotional. Not here.
Love can be unnecessary, it can be dangerous, it can be destructive, it can be beautiful.
"Hey yourself, big guy. What's up?" He asks.
They stood there, bodies flushed against each other, Tony still in Steve's embrace, neither attempting to separate just yet. It was moments like this where they could take the time to enjoy each other's company, neither wanting to talk about the mission or possibly discuss anything that could go wrong. No, now wasn't the time to talk about that and ruin the moment, all they wanted to do right now, was enjoy a moment together.
He retracted his hand from the blonde's hair, letting himself stretch and release a sigh of content as his joints popped and cracked in a way that soothed him. He lifted Steve's head off his lap, gently placing it onto the couch. He walked as quietly as he could towards the door to his lab, the kitchen his only destination he had in mind right now. He needed some coffee in his system as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes and stifled a yawn. He was emotionally drained from staying up all night and watching over Steve, the soldier wanting the genius to stay close to him. He was debating on sleep at the time but decided against it just to make sure that he was awake in case Steve had a nightmare and needed him. So far he slept peacefully through the night, the genius making blueprints towards his latest Iron Man suit as he watched over his lover.
"Considering where I grew up? I'll admit it's new, but I'd like for us to at least talk more before moving anywhere in the future. And I'm sure you're not ready for a relationship, right?"
"I'm sorry, sir, but we have two agents seriously hurt, we need to-"
The familiar spark of electricity coursed through his body, his shoulders tensed, his jaw clenched, his eyes held an emotionless expression in them as Tony adjusted the severity of the current. He was used to this too often, and just like when Ross had done it, multiple times in one day out of pleasure at hoping to hear Steve whimper in pain, hoping to see him squirm, he would do the same to Tony; steel his expression and not let a single sound out of his mouth, no matter how bad the collar was shocking him.
Death is a weird concept, really. Some believe Heaven and Hell exist, those who believe you go to a better place, and those who simply do not believe at all. Those who have experienced death, cannot tell you what death is like because, well they're dead. Those who are alive can tell you exactly how death feels to them. It's not the same concept as someone who has died, because they feel all the physical pain, while the person who watches or has found out about their death, suffers from the emotional pain. Some say emotional pain is far more lethal than physical because while physical pain can leave you with scars that fade away, emotional scars are perpetual. They barely fade with time, because the mind in a way is trained to remember the emotional pain you felt and remember the trauma.
Tony was saddled with seven smaller versions of the bravest most reckless idiot he’d ever met, and he was losing his mind.
Bucky began heading for the thick trees surrounding the lake. Artur and James let out whoops for joy, rushing to keep up with him and the others fell in behind. Tony tried to carry Sara, because the snow was almost higher than she was tall, but the little girl insisted that she could do it and appeared to be having the time of her life toddling along in the deep footprints her siblings left.
"I don’t know what to make of you, Stefen. We’ve hardly spoken in weeks and the next thing I know you're asking for my hand. I thought you cared for me, at least a little, but it's all rather strange when I'm treated like a distraction."
A familiar tightness in his gut made him glance down.
“Indeed it is Herr Stark.” The captain agreed with an air of suspicion as he backed away from Péter, beginning a final check of the pockets of his suit jacket.
“Tell me where they are Captain and I will end this pain.”
Tony smiled, understanding immediately even though the segue might have thrown anyone else.
“But since you designed these armaments, you can help us find a way to defeat them, can’t you?” Pike demanded to know, his voice betraying his fury. Holmes was better at hiding it than Pike, but Tony knew he was just as shaken and waiting just as desperately on Tony’s answer.
He might have eventually grabbed him to force him (
"Vati, what's a Krampus?" Sara asked, her brow furrowed in confusion, and Péter's eyes lit up with eager delight as he prepared to launch into some undoubtably horrifying story about the Christmas demon, but Virginia shut him down with a click of her tongue and one of her warning looks.
For what? The cynical part of his brain that he just could not quiet asked. Because here they were.
"You won't hurt me," he said, so certain it hurt just to hear it.
She choked a little as she swallowed her coco, and Steve was gratified to know he hadn’t completely lost the ability to read his daughter. Strange and new womanly wiles or no.
"Money?" Tony repeated slowly, frowning, his eyes darting over Steve's face. "Have you lost your mind?”
Ian let out a sigh of relief and then felt immediately guilty. He shouldn't be happy Uncle Bucky’s papers needed updating but if it meant he had to stay in Austria Ian couldn’t help it. Maybe Peter’s papers would need updating too and they wouldn’t let him leave either.
“Péter!” Tony barked, causing the boy to nearly jump out of his skin. He flushed an embarrassed red as his beastly friends snickered.  Tony did not give a damn at that moment how it made Péter feel, to be ordered about like a child. Remembering that he was a child was the only thing keeping Tony’s rage in check.
He thought adamantly, beating back the flutters of anxiety in his stomach that wanted to become full-blown panic. He glanced first to the bed where Ian, James, Artur and Sara still slept in a tangle. Thankfully. God, Artur had cried himself sick after Bucky had left, about his blasted frog of all things. It seemed absurd on the surface, only, Tony knew very well it wasn’t a small thing to leave a pet behind for a young boy, and a pet wasn’t the only loss he was suffering. Perhaps just the easiest one to process for someone so young.
Next to Steve stood Herschel, his hands grasping futilely at the rash creeping over his ribcage. They jumped as a guard shouted a warning dispassionately into the room.
“You’re not going back. I promise.” He new he shouldn’t make promises like that, but he couldn’t seem to help it. It was the truth. If the twins were found, Tony knew only that he wouldn’t be able to watch them dragged away, and he doubted Stefen would either.
It was early yet, but he knew they were scheduled to make another distribution that night and on distribution nights there was a lot they needed to do to get ready.
Magda walked within reach, her own gaze just as resolute, her bare hand extended towards him as if they were meeting for the first time. She knew he realized. She knew he had everything to lose and no reason to trust, but she offered him her name and came to him with her hand extended.
“She can’t!” Tony’s wild eyes darted to James and then to Ian. He clutched Maria closer. Maria let loose a small wail and Steve tensed, firmer in his command and more insistent as he reached for her.
Tony shoved at them and he wasn’t alone in his urgency to be rid of the barrier between himself and the heated flesh burning against his. Stefen bowed him backward, mouth unyielding, forcing Tony to stumble blindly backward as the captain’s hands yanked his shirt out of his slacks.
Tony opened his mouth, helpless fury making him reckless, ready with a sharp retort that would probably have seen the other man dragging him outside to drown him in the lake. He was saved by the timely arrival of footsteps and the unexpected appearance of Natacha at the mouth of the hall.
Steve jerked and blinked at Bucky as if his words had taken him by surprise, and that only made Bucky more worried. He was scared, he realized.
He wanted D’Anvers because he was tired, he realized. Because she was beautiful and interesting in her own right, but most dangerously because she reminded him just enough of what was out of reach to tempt him into believing that having her would sate the terrible ache he lived with. That would be a colossal mistake and he knew it well enough, but if he weren’t careful, it would be all too easy to trip over the snare.
Officer Olasz tilted his head toward the papers, his mouth twisting in an irritated sneer.
“Natacha and James.” Tony supplied succinctly and Ian raised a brow of his own in challenge.
“I insist Captain Rogers. I know you worry but the children are ready for the responsibility. Aren’t you, children?”
Wordlessly Father slung his travel bag over his shoulder and strode toward the door. Natacha and the others parted for him like the red sea. She heard more than one watery sniff, but only Maria was brave enough to reach out, grasping at his pant leg as he strode by. There was a split moment where Natacha feared he wouldn't see her, wouldn't stop, and that he would drag her down the hallway.  But he did stop, at least long enough to look down and carefully grip the hand that was gripping him and pull it loose.
“You couldn’t have warned me you were meeting with the Nazis this morning?” Tony shut the door of Nik’s office with a snap. He was still trembling from the encounter in the corridor but he tried desperately not to show it. Nik’s office was dark despite the time of day. Tony suspected Nik preferred it that way, like a bat or some other nocturnal creature. How else would he look mysterious and intimidating behind his oak desk shrouded in dark robes if not for the compliment of harsh shadows?
“This one has a sweet tooth and no head for it.” He explained with a terse frown in young Daniel’s direction. The young man flushed as his father muttered, “Woke up with his drawers on his head. His poor mother couldn’t show her face at mass.”
"I could pry off the right leg casing. But you will be cut."
"No this is fine. I really like jazz. Bruce has turned me on to quite a bit actually. And if this place is so relaxed. I don't see the problem. Besides. We are all dressed up. We have to go
"Okay, okay.  Keep that up we won't get anywhere but horizontal."
Tony watched his friend leave. He took a deep breath and looked into the mirror. "Right..I got this."
Tony let out an agitated breath. "They are worth it Steve. Just. Maybe I don't want to burden them okay?"
Tony tensed again. "T..thank you. It's called Maroon. I think." Tony looked out the window. These were moments he dreamed of. So why did he want to run?
"There is this person I really like. I'm pretty serious in my feelings for them.  I want to actually, I dunno...date?  I have absolutely no clue how to go about this.  I mean I know how to date, but this person is different."
Tony felt the blood rush to his face. "I think I can accommodate."
Sorry this is short and took a bit! I've decided to make this a series. And no Steve didn't forget about the food and chocolates :)
Tony leaned into the kiss bite. His spirits dropping just a little. He really wanted ro make something for Steve. Jesus why did he feel so inadequate? "Mmmokay. You have anyplace in mind? And I don't burn everything." Tony asked then mumbled the last part. He knew Steve was only teasing but damn if it didn't sting just a little.
Tony was ecstatic and ridiculously and hopelessly in love. He, Anthony  Edward Stark was now officially off the market. He heard Steve singing while getting him the shirt and basketball shorts. Tony grabbed a pair of tight jeans and a red Henley. Steve's singing made him chuckle. He thought it was cute. Closing the closet door Tony turned catching himself in his full length mirror. He was smiling back at himself. His eyes caught the wrinkles at his eyes...the laugh lines.
"Tony...it's okay you know. To be nervous and stuff. I don't want to suffocate you. I just want the pleasure of your company. No expectations. I'm not Cap right now. Just Steve Rogers."
"Oh yeah? Required huh. Tony. If I performed mouth to mouth. We would be staying in for the night." Steve smirked triumphantly.
Steve got out at the valet and opened Tony's door. Offering his hand once more. Tony took it more confidently this time. A few people stared but they smiled and nodded.
"Tony your fine man, fuck, hurry up before he thinks you stood him up."
"Love is like a bare program. It's there. But it takes two people to customize it. No matter if certain parts of the program works or not. It's still there. The two people simply keep working on it. Honing it and refining it until said program works for the both of you."
Tony braced himself as the gantry under Jarvis's precision extracted the rest of the armor. The torso, and helmet was oddly easy enough. The right leg proved as Jarvis said leaving a gash big enough to cause worry but not big enough for stitches. Tony cried out in pain. "Butterfingers. First aid kit to Steve please." Tony grunted as the gantry lowered him as gently as possible. Tony poured out of the apparatus and began removing his pants while leaning against the machine. A thin sheen of sweat covered his brow. "Well Steve, I'm finally out of my pants. Tony threw Steve a pained smirk. Butterfingers held the first aid kit expectantly to the Captain while DUM-E whirred about worriedly. "Back off DUM-E.  Your like my own personal mother hen...damn .."
Natasha, Bruce and Clint stood in the communal living room. Natasha looked at Clint and Bruce. "You both owe me a hundred. I just knew Cap wasn't a Prude. He is proper. There is a difference.
Tony watched Steve drive. A slight smirk playing at his lip edge. "So uh, you look nervous when driving Steve. Any reason for that? I could give you one..." Tony trailed wriggling his eyebrows.
--------------------O--------------------
Natasha's smile reached it's full capacity enlivening normally cold features.
"Oh wow. Steeeeeven this is so awesome, damn." Tony expressed sheer delight. He chewed his lip slightly feeling a giddy rise up in his chest.
Steve saw a flash of...something in Tony's eyes, but he let it go. "Ok, whatever you say." He rose to standing as gracefully as he'd sank to the floor earlier, holding out a hand to Tony and smirking slightly. "Raiding the fridge does sound good. You got any ice cream? I'd like to make a real sundae since I kinda skipped out on making you one."
"Probably arguing with his Fairy Godhawk."
"We're not. I have a picnic planned in the meadow where Angie the florist gets her wildflowers. I want to talk to Tony. Get to know him you know?"
"I'll make it up to you later Tony. I promise." Steve was laughing as they left into the evening air.
"How do you think it went?" Steve asked placing a hand on the wet bar.
Steve paced around. He went for a jog, he worked out. He sketched. Still no Tony. It was 4pm. According to JARVIS Tony left the Tower at 10 am.  Steve stopped suddenly hearing the Tower's elevator ding his eyes watching almost impatiently.
"Seriously though. Its actually rather embarrassing."
It was Tony's turn to hope he wasn't turning pink. He put on his best thoughtful face and regarded Steve squarely.
Steve took this moment to cover his hand over Tony's. Interlacing their fingers. He gave his hand two small but firm squeezes. "I got you." Tony heard the soft baritone. Steve returned his hand to the steering wheel. Suddenly Tony hated steering wheels. He nodded to Steve.
"Wouldn't dream of it sir. Displaying holographic bio-diagnostic now. Vitals uploading."
Steve sucked harder, but not hard enough to cause pain. He moaned more around Tony's cock, determined to make Tony cum before they headed to the bedroom.
"Thought you were looking for the right partner?" Tony could hear his own voice. It was small, timid. But still himself.
"Their so not my usual type that it's scary.  They are sweet, kind, all that jazz. They are older than me. Uhhh lets see. They love the oldies."
Tony chuckled. "Doesn't surprise me. It's Nat".
Tony continued. Slowly. Lovingly sprinkling kisses along the tops of Steve's feet. Licking lightly over the ankle bones. Nipping at calves. French kissing the back of each of the backs of Steve's knees. Suckling at each of the hollows. Small whimpers of delight escaping Tony's throat.
Tony hissed at the pain. Bringing his hand over Steve's hand on his cock. The hissing turned into a series of small groans. Steve was incredibly large and Tony wondered if this was going to be a bad idea considering he wouldn't be walking anytime soon. Tony huffed out Steve's name like a holy mantra.
"Did you speak of these feelings to the Captain sir?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "Okay. Clint. There's messy and "Messy",Which do you think?"
Steve's smile simmered into a soft stare. There was a sensuality about the stare stirring Tony's insides "Yeah...he um. He's about five foot nine..."
"What? Tony I was in the army. Just because I never dated doesn't mean I didn't have thoughts. Dame's just wasn't my thing."
Tony chuckled. Still in Steve's embrace. "Baby. What do you think the tabloids would do with Tony Stark kissing on Captain America? I refuse to hide. Unless you want us too?" Tony cringed a little. He said the couply pronoun.
"Haha Clint, no. Admit it. You want this."
"I uh. I really liked that. That hand thing." Tony thanked God it was dark. He was certain he matched his shirt.
"Morning Cap."
Tony turned towards him fully. "Huh?  Come again?  I don't think I heard you correctly. What did you just call
"Lookin' good. I think Tony will approve."
Steve floundered for a second. He hadn't meant to cry, couldn't give away the reason why just yet. His heart beat harshly in his chest, fueling the words that wanted to spill from his lips, but his brain was screaming in the negative. For one perfect moment he was poised on the tip of a blade, then suddenly he fell to one side. He shook his head, smiled at Tony. But the smile didn't quite reach his eyes. "Allergies I guess. Sorry. Guess I should pick up some medicine for them while we're out huh?" He let go of Tony and stepped back a little, still smiling. "Alright, playboy, I'm going in for that shower now. Bring me some shorts?" Steve tossed over his shoulder as he turned and padded away.
The 5 Times Tony Stark Asked Captain America for Dating Advice & The One Time The Steve Rogers Showed Him.
"To be honest Cap. I don't know if he likes guys.  He seems straight edge. I don't want to freak him out."
"Yep. There's this little cafe not too far from here." Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, hearing a slight change in the tone of Tony's voice. "Tell you what, sexy. We'll stop by the supermarket on the way back and pick up a few things. Tonight we'll have dinner here. To be honest, I'm not that great of a cook either. But between the two of us I'm sure we can manage, right? And we always have dum-e if we need his help..." Steve grinned.
"None of your business Tony. At least. Not yet." Answering Tony's unasked question.  He stepped closer to Tony. Tony felt his heart thump faster.
"Now. You kids be good. Don't be inappropriate and Steve. I want him back by one a.m. Or you get to deal with why he missed his board meetings with Miss Potts." Bruce chided good-naturedly. Tony groaned.
Clint nodded watching after his friend thoughtfully. "Actually man. You got this. So. Tasha and I were gonna make Italian and settle in to watching The Godfather. Come to find out she's big on Al Pacino."
Tony looked at Steve thoughtfully chewing his lip slightly before taking another bite of his food.
"That's a wonderful idea Steve. Good luck and have fun." She headed for her room.
This time Tony laughed a little hard.
"Yeah sure. A certain Asgardian  smited the evil popcorn that could possibly harm his Midgardian friends. " Natasha informed Tony, clearly irritated.
Tony wasn't so nervous this time, but he was giddy. He had been a little sad all week. He and Steve only got to say hello in passing.  S.H.I.E.L.D. Kept Steve plenty busy and Stark Industries kept Tony hopping.
Steve turned and smiled at the small bouquet.  "That's real swell. Thank you so much. I see a fire and ice rose but what are the others?" Steve inspected the bouquet more closely.
"Heya Cap. What's a soldier like you doing in a place like this?" Tony smiled brightly sauntering up to Steve.
Steve couldn't help himself. They were together now. Steve wanted so badly to show Tony how much he meant to him.
"...9" Steve amended maintaining his sultry stare. Tony chuckled a little. Meeting the taller man's gaze. "Dark thick hair. Chocolate-golden eyes. Cocky attitude...absolutely beautiful. You seen him?"
"Swimmingly. Looking good in the jeans Rogers."
Steve grinned inwardly as he watched Tony slowly come undone. It was an amazingly erotic sight, and Steve moaned loudly. Then he got an idea. He slowly licked Tony's cock from base to tip before letting it fall from his lips.
Natasha smiled warmly. "So what movie are you two going to go see?"  She asked taking a sip of her tea.
"Gee that's perfect. Thanks again. I also want these as well." Steve placed the carnations onto the floral desk.
Tony's eyebrows hitched up in mild surprise. "No shit? Hmm. You know she's going to kill you for telling me that right?
Tony whimpered as Steve pulled out. He didn't want Steve to stop. "Dammit Steve. What. Is this see how red we can make Tony day?"  Tony smirked after hearing Steve's words. He leaned still panting slightly. Licking a small drop of his own cum from the bottom right of Steve's mouth.
Tony was milling about in his boxers. He turned and grinned at Clint. "Of course your are. It's a part of your charm." Tony disappeared back into his closet to emerge once more with a button down lavender colored shirt and a pair of jeans. He pointed at Clint "Not one word from you. We decided to go casual." Mischievous happiness danced in Tony's dark orbs as the expression pulled a lopsided grin at the right corner of his mouth as he began getting dressed.
Short chapter is short. Author is #sorrynotsorry.
It was a glaringly bright afternoon. Tony pulled the covers over his head. "Dammit JARVIS..."
One upon his right...
Tony stopped working and stared up at the ceiling. "J. You amaze me sometimes. That actually makes sense. Thanks."
He muttered softly and slowly progressed forward. Each stair he took felt like he was walking in slow motion. Tea lights shouldn't give off this much light. And they are not.  But Tony could've sworn they were.
Steve grinned as he emerged from the cool confines of the fridge, clutching a few bottles in his hands. He shut the door with his foot and held the bottles out to Tony to inspect them.
Tony chuckled. His arms sliding down to wrap around Steve's waist "Geee Cap we went from me cooking in an apron only to carrying you bridal style. Careful your gonna get me a little confused when we hit the bedroom. But huh. I think I can manage. Provided you hold on tight"
"Well see, actually you are. Neither has this person, and we all know
Steve put a finger to his lips, striking a thinking pose. "Hmmm. Let me think. Out of the two of us, which one is more likely to have started this whole thing?" Steve's eyes glittered with mischief. "Certainly not me..."
-----------------O---------------------
Tony asked conversationally.
Tony swallowed thickly. He felt like a nuclear reactor ready to glow at any moment swearing his face was that red, but he refused to break eye contact as much as his bashful moment wanted him too. Worrying his lip slightly. His eyes fluttered closed slightly with the continued contact of Steve's hand on his groin. "Yes... Yes I do." He whispered.
"Steven..."
Tony smirked. "I heard that snark J. Of my feelings for Steve."
Clint nodded watching after his friend thoughtfully. "Actually man. You got this. So. Tasha and I were gonna make Italian and settle in to watching The Godfather. Come to find out she's big on Al Pacino."
Steve nodded to the woman. Happy he came to such an efficient shop.
"We're not. I have a picnic planned in the meadow where Angie the florist gets her wildflowers. I want to talk to Tony. Get to know him you know?"
Can you tell me which one of these orders you just violated maggot?"
Steve stood at the wet bar for a moment.
"Ha! More than likely. Yes my dear I will give you that but this time was aaaaall you Sweet Cheeks." Tony's laugh morphed into a sweet playful chuckle. "But yeah. I agree. Separate showers...do I have big enough showers ...pffft" Tony leaned up kissing Steve sweetly in the lips mumbling into the kiss .
"Oh, trust me, Tony, I'll make sure to lick it from every inch of your flesh." Steve bit gently on the skin between Ton'y neck and shoulder, loving the taste. His right hand slowly slid from Tony's hip to the front of Tony's pants, rubbing in gentle circles around Tony's hardness, as Steve sucked harder, intent on leaving a hickey. He pulled away just long enough to moan softly in Tony's ear. "And the best part of my sundae is going to be the cream filling."
Steve smiled easily, handing his clothes over to Tony. His heart constricted a little in his chest, and he felt a pang of longing. One night of sex didn't make a relationship, but damn if he didn't have to keep steering his mind away from that path. He took a deep breath, steeling his nerve, and decided at that moment that he would do everything in his power, be everything Tony needed him to be, in order to make this vague wisp of a dream become reality.
"I don't know. We shall see though. Want one?" Tony motioned to his drink.
Tony felt the hard buck against the back of his throat. The tears releasing the predator. Tony saw his sweet Captain once more. Eyes fluttering shut his own tears spilling over. He felt the explosion of pleasure in the back of his throat. Tony moaned hard. His own body bucking as it throbbed hard. Splattering Steve's legs and feet and Tony's belly and thighs. He swallowed greedily and obediently. The small beads of perspiration dotting his naked form. Tony finally loosened his arms from their hold position his right hand wrapping around the base of Steve. Milking him gently. Suckling the excess from thr shaft.  Tony was unaware that his tears flowed still. Gently releasing Steve's groin from his mouth. He nuzzled Steve's thigh.
Steve is a good boy...except when he is not...then he cusses.
"Well...this is as good as it gets soldier"
Steve huffed. "Weird? From you?  Your weird must be mystifying to us normal folk. Your far from normal Tony so your idea of weird must be extraordinary."
Tony stared mouth agape. "Damn Rogers you sure know where to pick spots. I'm kinda proud."
Steve fidgeted while waiting for the florist to perform her art. His eyes scanned the many colors painting the room. He smiled to himself. The flowers soothed him. He remembered when they could afford extra. His mom would give him enough for a picture show. If they were really lucky. She always bought carnations. Two, one for her and one for him. They were a vibrant red. And one white one for his dad. Steve gravitated to the carnations. He picked out 5 red ones and nine white ones. Ones for the Howling Commandos including Bucky. One for Phil Coulson, Peggy Carter and one each for his mom and dad. It made him a little sad. Steve still felt the remembrance was necessary.
"Thanks Nat. I really do appreciate it. Where is he by the way?"
Clint cursed under his breath. Begrudgingly taking a hundred out of his wallet and shoving it into Natasha's hand. Bruce smiled. "Consider it paid in full Nat. For medical services rendered." Bruce winked and headed for the lab. "Have fun you two" Bruce called over his shoulder to Steve and Tony, who were staring at Natasha and Clint. "What? We were all curious." Natasha amended.
"My evening depends upon my epidermis not consisting of this suit. Fire it up!"
"Tony, I'm the last person to ask about this sort of thing. I have never been on a date in my life."
Natasha finally looked up smiling playfully. She took in his navy blue trousers and matching pin striped shirt.
"Broken? How so?"
Steve Rogers sat there eating quietly for a moment considering the question. Never mind the jealousy boiling in his gut.
Steve turned off the stove placing 4 flapjacks on a plate drenched in syrup and butter just like Tony likes them. Crossing the kitchen he set Tony's dish next to him as He grabbed his own plate of omelet and hash browns and seated himself next to Tony. Tony's eyebrows popped up happily as he moved the plate closer licking his lips.
The After Party Chapter 1
"Do you have an oldies favorites Tony?"
"Sweetheart? Steve's voice brought Tony back to himself as always.
Steve's eyes widened a touch. "Nervous? I don't understand why, but okay."
Steve closed his eyes, melting into the kiss, pulling Tony flush against him. He felt an amazing fluttering in his chest and a single tear fell down his cheek.
Tony finally deciding on a Maroon colored button down with a matching Maroon and gray tie, Tony began tying a Windsor knot in the tie.
Tony shifted in his seat.  He began to relax a little. "That will be an awesome first."
." Tony smiled. More relaxed again. A warmth pooling behind the arc reactor and in his stomach. He felt safe with Steve.
Tony looked over at Steve from staring intently out of the window. "Nono. No offense at all. Just not used to it. So uuuh. Where we going?"
"I don't know Steve. Jarvis?"
Clint glanced up. He stared for a moment, then his hand covered his mouth. Try as he may. He couldn't stifle the giggles.
"We, sorry..." Tony sped forward. Landing were the Gantry should have worked. He placed Steve down gently and promptly kicked the gantry casing. "Problem Darling, my suit is now officially our cockblock"
"Oh. How did it go ?" Steve hoped to deviate the subject from his embarrassing reaction.
Tony snorted taking Steve's hand. "Do I have ice cream. What sort of Billionaire do you take me for Captain Sexy Ass. Huh?" Tony's grin turned into a full blown smile. "Yes honey. I have ice cream. What flavors did ya want?" He asked Steve reaching out playfully to slap Steve's ass.
Tony sucked in a deep breath and let it out in the form of chipmunk cheeks. "Yeah they know me. Thats why Im afraid Cap."
Steve broke his staring spell with a bright smile. "Well...see. There's this man I'm looking for."
Clint grinned at Natasha and nodded at Steve. He left the area to go check on Tony after a few moments.
Clint Barton grinned at his friend. Watching the normally composed Tony Stark trying on so many shirts and ties.
Natasha snorted. "You two are adorable. Steve ducked his head.
"Go get ready Tony" Steve sounded affectionately frustrated. Tony grunted and headed into the elevator. As soon as it closed. He brought the chocolates from behind his back along with the flowers.
"So what if I did?  The sex would be amazing, but we would kill each other."
The buildup to Tony's flesh meeting his cock, finally, almost made Steve come undone. He didn't know how he managed to keep from cumming, but he breathed a prayer of thanks to the holy family that he'd managed to hold it together. He couldn't bring himself to speak, however, because he knew that giving one more command would be the final straw. So he stared at Tony, frowning a little, hoping Tony would take the hint and continue.
"I knew we were missing a variable somewhere." Bruce chimed in softly.
"Thanks Nat."  Steve headed for his room to get ready after placing the flowers in water. It was going to be a wonderful evening.
Steve's eyebrow rose a fraction of an inch higher. He felt his cheeks heat a little, suddenly a bit uncomfortable with where this conversation was going. But since he'd started it, he was determined to see it through to the end. "Well, babe, if you're offering..." Steve reached out and grabbed Tony's hips, yanking Tony hard up against him. "I'd love a piece of this pie."
Tony gave Steve a slow grin. Tapping the other ear with the ear piece in it he tapped a tiny button. "Jarvis deploy" he winked at his new suitor. "Of course sir." Came his AI's reply. "Not to worry Cap. Our flight out of here is on it's way. You don't mind do you?" Some of Tony's cocky mannerisms returning playfully.
"Go get ready Tony" Steve sounded affectionately frustrated. Tony grunted and headed into the elevator. As soon as it closed. He brought the chocolates from behind his back along with the flowers.
Clint nodded. "Good luck man."  rising from the chair heading out of Tony's Penthouse.
Steve raised a brow questioningly. "Look, I was raised not to stick.your nose into other people's business. That's something the world has mostly forgotten. I don't care what they think of us. Do you think that in two weeks they'll even remember? People idolize us, Tony. It doesn't matter if we're gay or straight, black or white, someone will always love us. Hell, if most of the world turns their back on us, there will still be a whole community of people, from the oppressed to that scared gay kid hiding in his room because coming out would be life changing, who love us. And we'll protect them from the next war or the next Demi God attack. We'll even protect those who don't want protection from anyone they deem 'evil' or 'not good enough'. Because that's what we do. So no, I'm not going to hide who I am, because that would mean losing faith in those who have faith in us!"
Steve laughed. "Aw, c'mon Stark, tell me you didn't think about it. Wouldn't it be great to have all of us together under one roof? You, me, Natasha, Hawk, hell we can even make up guest rooms, one for Thor and a special destruction proof one for Dr. Banner when he comes to visit." Steve grinned at Tony, loving that he was having this teasing moment with the billionaire playboy.
"Yea, I know how you are with cooking, Tony. You have one setting for food, and that's burned." Steve grinned, poking fun at Tony. "Besides, like you said, my metabolism is crazy. I doubt you have enough food here to even begin to make up for how hungry I am after last night. So I'll tell you what. We'll get showered, I'll borrow your shorts, we'll run by my place so I can change, then go out to eat. Sound good?" Steve nipped at his bottom lip, hoping Tony would agree.
Steve retired to his bedroom. He changed into his bedclothes. Brushed his teeth and opened his "Tony" sketchbook. He drew detailed pictures of Tony that night. He drew until sleep finally sounded like a great idea.
Steve watched, unconcerned, until Jarvis announced a slight problem. Then Steve stepped up, worried. "What is it, Tony, what's wrong?"
Tony stood on the last step staring at the rooftop door. He took a few deep breaths not knowing what to expect. Looking at his own hand as it clasped around the doorknob it saw it shaking but willed it to stop.
"MmmmCap you could take me in a cardboard box and I wouldn't care, but you do have a point....I guess. Tony pouted cutely. "I can't wait either"
Tony listed while sitting back down.
Tony snuggled into Steve and God if this didn't feel crazy and so right. He smirked up at Steve "DUM-E is not. I repeat not allowed out of the lab. Unless you want your food A La Fire Extinguisher. Trust me on this one. Hmmm Tony Stark at the Grocery Store. The tabloids will love this. Sure. Why not. Are you talking about Starbucks or Cafe on Broadway?" Tony reveled in the warmth pooling in his belly trying to steady his heartbeats. This was all so surreal for the reported playboy.
Steve pulled back, grinning as he studied Tony's face. "I think I have a pretty good idea." His hand curled around Tony's length, stroking through the heavy material. "You want this, don't you Tony. You want my hands all over you, my mouth around your cock... Tell me, Tony, what you want me to do to you..."
"True story."
It was 5pm. Tony's eyebrows were furrowed in confusion. Everyone was acting weird today. Worst of all, no Steve. He missed their talks, even more so he missed the insight he gained. Tony was almost positive that he would never act on it.
Tony rambled.
No one was around, he heard Clint milling around in the kitchen. Whistling. Hearing a throat clearing he turned to the direction of the sound. His eyes softened as he felt his mouth go slightly dry.
Clint shook his head. Texting Natasha back
Steve ducked his head at the compliment.
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
Tony couldn't believe it. Couldn't believe Steve wanted him...
Steve felt his muscles go slack and he sank gracefully to the floor, ignoring the mess that the two of them were in, and wrapped his arms around Tony, pulling him close and worried by the tears. "Tony, what's wrong?" Steve was no longer the dominant he'd been only moments ago, but a genuinely concerned friend and lover.
5. To quit my post only when properly relieved.
Steve laughed at Tony's sudden movements back onto his fingers. Pulling them out, he reached around and grabbed Tony's cock. "Get ready, Tony." He pressed the tip of his chocolate covered cock to Tony's entrance and slowly began to push in to the tight heat, slowly stroking Tony's cock with each inch of progress.
Steve was smiling big as he walked over to underneath the tree and spread out the blanket. He gently set the picnic basket down and held his hand to Tony for the pillows. Tony was actually back to really nervous again as he watched Steve's muscled form place everything where it should be. Including one lovely outdoor glass candle.
Tony's breath hitched. He recovered good enough. "Goodnight Steve."  He went inside. Steve turned to head to his room. Tony walked. No. He floated to his bed and flopped onto it after shedding his shoes, tie and jacket. There were no nightmares that night. Only dreams of Steve Rogers.
"We should uh get going yeah?"
Steve watched Tony. Trying to keep his breathing even.
"I enjoy him as well. Whelp Cap. Thanks. Gotta fix Clint's bow before he hurts himself." Tony got up taking his dishes to the dishwasher and topping off his coffee."
"If sir wishes."
Tony turned looking at Clint opening his arms presenting himself.
"No sir. About face." Steve chuckled turning Tony towards the exit. Tony whined. "You wound me. You really do Rogers."
Steve knew Tony couldn't take much more, so he whispered into Tony's ear as he worked another digit into Tony. "Tony, this might hurt, and I'm sorry. But I can't take much more waiting." Steve was careful but not quite gentle as he began scissoring his fingers, stretching Tony, then adding a third finger and hissing at the tightness.
-----------------O---------------------
Jarvis your safety measures are commendable. One problem. WHY IS THE FUCKING SUIT STILL ON!!! If no muscle damage is apparent especially surface damage to the groin and reactor area rip it the fuck off!!"
"I can't cook worth a damn. Unless it's on the grill. But uh. I can make a few things to get you started while waiting for me. I do know your metabolism is crazy fast right?" Tony spoke softly still loud enough to hear but damn if he wasn't speaking demurely. Tony chose to ignore his own blush. It was important that hi...the Captain new that there was more to him than sex and money. He knew why of course. Even if it scared the hell out of him. Love was a four letter word. So was the word fuck, and love has fucked him on more than one occasion. But still. It was Steve. So. It was worth it. Worth the fear. Worth the heartbreak. Worth trying everything in arsenal. Worth trying everything Pepper taught him. Worth trying to remember what she used to yell at him all the time for.
"What do you think? It's Steven-Apple-Pie-Rogers."
"J, inspect the torque on the spine and reconfigure the optical cluster." Tony asked as he brought up the Mark VII.
"So take them out on a picnic. Watch the stars together."
"I am no longer listening to you" Tony called out from the bathroom"
Steve smiled. "I hope you like jazz. There is this nifty joint called Yakity Sax. It's classy. Good food. Great music and such."
"What the hell?"
Tony shuddered. His mind exploded at hearing Steve's commands. Whats more is how quickly he reacted to obey them. Hooking his thumbs just under the waistband he slid them down. A little slowly. The silken material deliciously caressing his cock as the muscle made a soft thump sound against his belly. He felt the cold touch of liquid as the air met the result of his leaking arousal. Tony shivered. His entire body prickling to life as he watched Steve's face. Hoping he liked what he saw. "Ready Sir." Tony rasped out. Mouth suddenly dry.
Steve paused mid stride. It took a moment for the words to sink in, but when they did, Steve did an abrupt about-face. Shock had his eyes widening, and he stared at Tony, stunned. "W-what are you saying, Tony?" His heart constricted painfully. What if... no, how could he even think that Tony didn't mean what Steve thought he meant? But he wanted, needed to hear those three little words and he prayed that Tony was really going to say them.
Usually the Tower would be buzzing by now. Clint and Natasha had gone to the Hub for some reason or another. Bruce had a physics seminar and Thor was in Asgard.
Tony heard the door behind him slide open. He looked behind him. Swirling the olives casually in his glass and taking a long sip of his Martini, He watched Steve approach. "Hey, checking to see if I've caused any trouble?" Tony's tone was edging on playful yet a touch subdued.
Tony grinned into another sip before placing the hot mug between his hands onto the counter. It was chilly in the Tower just like Tony liked it. He continued watching Steve's muscles through the thin undershirt. The smooth undulation and shift of soft material and probably equally warm soft skin.
Clint was grinning until he caught Natasha glaring at him.
Tony pouted, "Oh we're back to that are we?" Tony felt oddly offended. Steve only called him Stark when they argued. We're they getting ready to? An anxious gnawing replaced the gentle warmth in his stomach.
"Great. Now just ask him." Steve watched Tony rub his eyes and frankly it was downright cute.
Steve shook his head at Tony, taking the first aid kit and kneeling to inspect the gash on Tony's leg. It wasn't too bad, but Steve winced at the sight of it. He hated to see Tony in any kind of pain... Suddenly, he had an idea. Dropping the first aid kit on the floor, he grabbed Tony's leg and brought his lips to the gash, kissing it gently before running the tip of his tongue around the cut, keeping his eyes locked on Tony's face as he tasted his blood and sweat.
"No problem Tony. You really need to eat more." Steve watched Tony's backside as he headed for the lab.
4. To repeat all calls from posts more distant from the guard house than my own.
"Awww Cap. You wound me. I may pass out and you would be required to perform mouth to mouth." Tony purred.
Clint shrugged. "Naw. Maybe just a shot in the leg or some shit. She loves me." Clint said matter-of-factly.
"Tony, I want you. More than anything. Hell I want everything you just said, but right now I'm dying to bury myself inside you. However, I don't think this is the right time or place. So, how can we get out of here without having to go back in there?" Steve jerked his head toward the sliding glass doors, hoping that, like always, Tony would come up with the perfect escape plan.
"Thanks Nat."  Steve headed for his room to get ready after placing the flowers in water. It was going to be a wonderful evening.
Steve gently hooked his left arm around Tony's waist pulling him closer. His right hand cupping Tony's chin. "I found him."
Clint nodded. His lopsided grin finishing his expression. "True, but did you know her favorite color is pink?  I mean, like, baby fucking pink."  Clint adjusted himself in the chair to an almost perch position.
Steve cocked his head, noting that not only was Tony talking too fast, he also looked a little nervous. "Ok, Tony, it's whatever you wanna do. Can you bring the clothes to the bathroom while I shower?" Steve asked as he handed over his suit. He felt a bit awkward, but somewhat cozy, like they were a couple... Steve's mind reeled away from the thought and he shook his head, trying to dislodge it. He and Tony weren't anything, yet. With a realization that hit like a ton of bricks, Steve realized that he wanted them to be something...Just did.
"Guess thats a no then. Betchya he's one of those Gentlemen in the streets, Freak in the sheets sorta dudes.
"Stop the fucking car Steve!"
"Epidermal mostly. Slightly dermal sir. No muscle damage."
Tony joked.
"What if you don't" Clint winked.
Clint cursed under his breath. Begrudgingly taking a hundred out of his wallet and shoving it into Natasha's hand. Bruce smiled. "Consider it paid in full Nat. For medical services rendered." Bruce winked and headed for the lab. "Have fun you two" Bruce called over his shoulder to Steve and Tony, who were staring at Natasha and Clint. "What? We were all curious." Natasha amended.
"Yes sir"
Steve felt grateful that he swallowed his juice before he choked.
Tony slid his hands to wrap up around Steve's neck. Jesus. Was this really happening? Tony let out another throaty groan, pressing himself into Steve's hand. "Do... Know what you..doing Rogers?" Tony managed to mutter out barely.
"I live to serve sir"
Steve nodded. He debated rather or not to hold Tony's hand in the car and figured it was to early for that yet. "It's nice there. People don't really bother you."
Natasha took the carnations Steve hurriedly handed her. "Those are for a tradition in my family. I didn't keep him waiting did I?"
"Good. So do I" Steve concurred. "We're here. It wasn't to far at all."
"Huh? Sorry just um. Just drifting. Look um..." Tony shoved both hands in his pockets and walked towards the edges of the blanket. "I uh. I'm not good at this sorta thing. The whole dating scene. I'm kinda of scared to death. I know I'm really fucked up so I'm not gonna pretend we'll be okay because I don't know. Your like, perfect and gentlemanly and all of those wonderful things that everyone wants in a relationship. The only things I can balance is my checkbook and a good bottle of Scotch. So, I'm really sorry right now if I fuck things up."
"I'm planning on making that iron man sundae I was talking about." Steve grinned mischievously. "What, did you think I was kidding you?"
"Just over that bend. I promise" Steve informed.
Tony was trembling hard now. He could tell by the way his legs and arms were beginning to fail in keeping him mostly upright. Small beads of sweat formed a sheen on Tony's forehead, upon the back of his neck snaking down his spine. Pooling where the heat was hottest. Tony clenched around Steve's cock unable to help it. "Steeeeeve, Im gonna... Ohfuck...." Tony ripped a scream from his throat sounding a lot like Steve's name. Long strings of white liquid shooting over their hands. The whole the scene was a mess. "S.sorry. Nnngh too soon" Tony's embarrassment set in suddenly.
"J, I'm kind of scared." He scowled at the diagnostic. Damn Chitauri really did a number on his suit. Space didn't help either.
2. To walk my post in a military manner, keeping always on the alert, and observing everything that takes place within sight or hearing.
"Awww Cap. You wound me. I may pass out and you would be required to perform mouth to mouth." Tony purred.
Tony looked down. Then back to Clint. "What's wrong with black slacks?"
Tony wiped away his own tears grinning like a fool. He leaned up alighting a sweet kiss on Steve's cheek just near the mouth. "We have to try Captain Sexy. We both need fuel. Especially you Darling. So go on" Tony said sweetly patting Steve's chest.
"What? And destroy my girlish figure?" Tony crowed playfully. Steve just shook his head grinning.
took in Steve's smile. His heart skipped. He was positive it was the arc reactor acting up. That was his story and he was sticking to it. One of his hands smoothing along the back of Steve's neck, into his hair. "I do want you Steven...all of you...want you inside me...want your hands to explore me...want to fall asleep with you, wake up with you..nnnSteeeeve please..." Tony wheedled quietly.
"Gee thanks for that, your like a broken Magic Eight Ball."
"Well. Is there a message you'd like me to give him?" Tony pressed the length of his body closer to Steve's.
"So... did you and Cap kiss?"
Tony nodded. He looked towards his door. "Here goes nothing..." Resolutely Tony made it out of the Penthouse suite door. He even made it down the stairs. He watched Natasha point as Steve slowly turned around. His eyes sparkled brightly. Soft around the edges. A bright smile finished the sweet expression. "Wow...you sure are easy on the eyes." Steve mentioned almost quietly. Tony flushed red almost immediately. He fidgeted with the bottom hem of his suit coat. "Thanks Cap. Your fine yourself." Tony managed before clearing his throat. Steve ducked his head (again) "Golly. Thanks Tony. Oh! These are for you." Steve held out the bouquet. Tony was happy to focus on something. The bouquet warmed his heart. He remembered that rose from the roof and he appreciated the jewel tones of the smaller flowers surrounding the rose. He took bouquet. Their fingers brushed simultaneously making Tony's breath hitch. Was this his life?  Steve took a deep breath feeling Tony's fingers caress his own as he took the flowers.
"Mmm, and I think you like it, don't you Tony?" Steve reached out, grasping Tony's thighs and spreading Tony's legs so he could settle in-between them.  "So tell me, Tony, how are you at taking orders?"
With a deep sigh he slinked into the kitchen. Moving to the coffee pot he saw a note on the counter.
"Clint you were snoring." Natasha accused.
Steve wasn't ready to let go yet as his arms loosened and his hands found themselves on either side of Tony's face. Without saying a word he gently tilted Tony's face upward delivering a soft kiss to the happily surprised engineer.
"You. Are absolutely no help at all..." Tony pointed almost threateningly.  He slowly turned and marched back into the bathroom.  Clint fell off the furniture in a giggle fit. His phone jingled.
Tony's eyebrows hitched up in mild surprise. "No shit? Hmm. You know she's going to kill you for telling me that right?
Steve followed obediently, hoping Tony would be able to get the suit off, so that he could get his hands on Tony's body. Steve was so hard it hurt, and if the suit didn't come off soon, Steve was willing to tear it off a piece at a time to get at the sexy body beneath the metal.
"I could get used to this, it feels nice," Tony muttered, resting his head on Steve's chest, inhaling the vanilla scent that caused him to relax against the soldier even more.
"Sir, the timestamp for that footage is recent. It's been taken in real-time, not within the last month or weeks."
"If you insist, sir." He stood up from his bed and went back over to his closet, reaching and grabbing the duffel bag he used for the gym. He figured if he was going to clear his mind, the gym was the only place he knew where, and punching bags until they burst, and their innards spill sand on the floor from his super strength was the only way he knew how.
"You're so cute when you're confused and wet." He said. A low chuckle made its way past my lips, I tried to get closer to hug him, by my wrists were met with resistance. I looked down and saw that they were bound to the chair I was currently in. I tried to move my wrists, but it was impossible when I could feel the skin underneath my gloves start to rub against the leather.
"Clint, will you shut up. Leave the man alone, he's busy." Natasha covered up for them. Tony sighed heavily and leaned his head against Steve's shoulder.
"Alright team, listen up," he started, making eye contact with all of them, "the streets are overrun, and the Triskelion is probably crawling with these things. Wanda, Nat, I want you two with me on the ground. We need to evacuate all civilians we see and clear the streets. Clint, I want you high in the sky, you see anything out of the ordinary, you inform us, or you shoot it down. After we get the streets cleared, we move in. Banner, you see the situation take a turn for the worse, you Hulk out. Thor and Tony, I want you guys to get inside the building. Clear the inside, and we'll move in on your command. Understood?" They all nodded their heads in response. Steve dismissed them, Natasha and Clint heading back towards the front of the Quinjet where the pilots sit, Wanda, Bruce, and Thor casually take their seats inside the jet, and Tony was still standing in the same spot.
He watched her walk away from him, the sound of her boots once again filling the hallway. He knows that she's right and that he should talk things out with Steve, but after what he just did would that really be a smart idea? He needs to make things right for missing five days' worth of Steve time, for five days treating him with a cold shoulder.
The way there was nothing for him to do in his lab, nothing for him to tinker, meddle, invent, literally
to save not only his long-lost love but the entire world as well. Hell, Tony practically did that, too. The one thing he would argue would be the use of the word love. Did he love Pepper? The answer was yes, but it was also that feeling of love that really scared him, but this feeling of dread deep inside his heart, letting it take root, and allowing himself to spiral out of control until eventually, Pepper had enough. That's why it was hard for Tony to truly tell someone he loved them, because commitment scared him, and he didn't want to say it when he himself never knew if he was going to live or die any time soon.
"Hey, look at me." Tony, although reluctant at first, slowly looked up and noticed the soldier's frown turned upside down, the corners of his mouth curved upwards into the small smile he wore just a few moments ago. "It's
"With all due respect, Fury, the genius isn't wrong. He sorta just appears whenever he wants," Natasha shrugged, "it's sort of like an instinct for him. Sometimes he talks about this dude named Heimdall telling him that we're in danger and he just shows up."
"It's alright, really. Not much you can do except keep looking. Although there is one positive that has come out of this whole mess." This caused Tony to raise his eyebrow, confusion written all over his face.
"J, think you can give me a rundown of what happened?" A blue light shone from the area near the suit's eye, encasing the room in its vibrant hue. A holographic scenario appeared in front of him. His eyes trembled as he saw how those things impersonated him and shot Steve twice, one in his right shoulder and the other in his left leg. He watched as the back of the gun made contact with his head, knocking him unconscious. He watched as that thing picked him up and carried him, his own footsteps matching the motions as he followed the hologram.
"Please... I'm sorry, Tony! I'm sorry I'll be better next time!" He swallowed the lump in his throat as he heard the way Steve's voice quivered, the way his body visibly shook as they stared into each other's eyes.
He wasn't sure if he was dreaming or not, considering he's been more or less sleep-deprived this week, but he could feel the ghostly touch of fingers carding themselves through his hair. It couldn't have been from anybody next to him, it was at a weird angle, so it had to be from someone in front of him, or at the very least sitting on Tony's bed. His eyes fluttered open and he slowly lifted his head, eyes partially open and the world blurry. He rubbed his eyes, correcting his vision as everything came into focus.
"You winning the staring contest with the coffee maker?" Tony quipped. Ah, yes, Tony Stark, someone who Steve wasn't exactly sure he had the pleasure or the displeasure of meeting. After their initial bad blood on the helicarrier with the whole Loki incident, they cleared the air and came together as teammates, and possible friends? Steve wasn't sure, but he would like to think that they were considered friends.
At first, he was okay with it, because he convinced himself that this is what Steve deserved; to be beaten half to death, and to suffer in a far worse way than Tony has. But seeing the soldier lay there on the ground, unable to fight as a gun was placed against the back of his head, his heart surged and cried in anguish, and before he knew it, he was racing off to the Raft at record-breaking speed, arriving just in time to save him.
Eventually, he brought them towards the Quinjet that was sitting there patiently, humming loudly and ready to take off once the two were on board. Even when he got into the jet, and the hangar door closed slowly behind him, he still didn't let go of Tony even when he sat down. He didn't want to let this man go, they've been through too much together. He wanted to keep him close, to let him know that he isn't going anywhere, that they are going to get through their shortcomings together.
"Tony! What's wrong?" Someone asked him, holding onto his weak body. He tried to speak, but words weren't coming out, his tongue felt swollen, his throat dry, a tight feeling in the middle as if it was closing. His pants of breath were ragged, his eyelids getting heavier until he found his eyes finally closing shut, darkness taking away the little light he could see.
Tony sat there, momentarily stunned and not quite sure how to process what happened. Steve just touched him intimately, and then he just straight up blue balled him. In a way, he actually liked the way Steve made him feel, it turned him on, and he wanted more of it. Not the blue balling sensation, but Steve touching his body in a way that nobody else, not even Pepper, got to. Man, he has it bad for the soldier, but at this point, he stopped thinking that it was a bad thing.
"It makes sense when you think about it," Tony said from atop the stairs, coming back into the room once he finished putting away the first aid kit. All eyes were on him as he slowly descended the stairs. "Think about it; three of them were with Wanda, one of them was still in S.H.I.E.L.D., we captured one of them, and another one of them came here and attacked Steve. They're coordinating what they're doing, and I'm sure that they're already congregating in a specific location."
"Tony."
I just want to say, I am not that good at fight scenes. I apologize for not being efficient enough to write them, but I do hope you still enjoy the chapter.
"That's why you're my favorite person." Steve raised his right eyebrow.
He didn't get there in time, and he even managed to let just one out of the few choppers Ross had with him slither right past him, getting within killing range of the blonde. He's blaming himself and he knows he shouldn't, but it's justified that he takes responsibility for Steve's possible death.
"It is possible." He opened the door and left Tony sitting there, collecting his thoughts. The genius bit his lip, his brain trying to put two and two together. Suddenly, something clicked inside of his head and he was up out of the chair, running to catch up to Fury.
"Please what? Tell me what you want." Tony teased, his tip sliding inside just a little bit before sliding right back out.
"Did you sleep well?" Someone asked. He froze. This couldn't be real, right? His mind had to be playing tricks on him, he's just sleep-deprived, yeah that's it! But it sounded so real... He turned his head slowly, and his eyes went wide. He could feel how fast his eyes filled with tears as he saw Tony, sitting there awake with the biggest smile on his face. A sob escaped past his lips once more and the tears stained his cheeks, but he didn't care. He surged forward and captured the brunette's lips with his, needy and passionate, drawing a moan from the genius until shortly after a small groan of pain caused Steve to pull away and look at him with concern.
But even they cannot replace everything he lost back in the forties.
It hurt, and why would it not hurt? He loved the way his hand fit perfectly at the small of her back, guiding her around the Galas they went to, making sure she was with him for the majority of the event, scared to let her out of his sight in fear that he might lose her to someone better than he was. Truthfully he always thought Pepper could do better, but he kept her for as long as he could, selfishly keeping her all to himself like a rare, precious diamond. She was his diamond; perfectly polished, bright, and overall beautiful to look at, stunning, absolutely beautiful. He was in love with her, and he never really got over her after they broke up.
"Exactly, but no this is much bigger than S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ. Think about it; the whole Loki incident that happened right here in the tower? All of Manhattan got to witness it. If the target isn't here, and there's an infestation of these creeps at S.H.I.E.L.D., then where is the only other place they could go to blend in and look like an agent?"
He sighs heavily and puts his head in his hands, knowing exactly what Tony is doing. It's the guilt he has that's made him do something this reckless; he's not doing this for himself, because over the course of the years they've known each other, Tony is someone who puts someone else before himself, and he knows this because he's in a way just like himself. Underneath the mask he wears, where the cockiness, snarky attitude, sarcastic comments, and overwhelming asshole personality are surfaced at the top, beneath that is a heart made of gold. He knows that Tony is doing this because he still feels guilty; whether it be because he thinks he tore the Avengers apart, or because he's guilty of what he did to Steve, by doing this he thinks everything will be right.
"Tony," he heard Steve groan his name, causing him to stop what he was doing and look up, "I wanna... Can I... Can I blow you?" He bit his lip to suppress a moan as his cock twitched in his pants. Any normal person wouldn't have asked, but Steve wasn't a normal person. Well, he was normal, but he was kind and considerate in bed before he became a little rougher, but his touches were still full of love and care. Tony nodded his head and rolled off of the soldier, letting his back rest against his bed as Steve moved on top of him. He watched in awe as inexperienced fingers fumbled with his belt and started pulling down his pants, his breath hitching as his erection was released from his boxers shortly after. He reached out and ran his hand through Steve's hair, biting his lip when the blonde wrapped his hand around his shaft and slowly stroked up and down. He let out a hearty moan once he felt the wet sensation of Steve's tongue around his tip, his cock entering the soldier's mouth.
"Mr. Stark," Fury said calmly, "any and all information at S.H.I.E.L.D. is classified, yes, but if I were to send your best friend, Romanoff, and Barton on a mission that dangerous, then I would surely tell them. I do not send my agents to their doom without
"Steve, I..." He stared, collecting his words before speaking again. "I never hated you. Sure we said some crap when we first met that we both regret, but if I truly hated you, I wouldn't have invited you into the tower, and I sure as hell wouldn't have let you into my lab." The soldier nodded, realizing what Tony was saying was true. "I know I can be a pain in the ass," Steve chuckled, "but don't think you can't at least talk to me."
, has ever called him by his full first name. He always despised it, it always left a bad taste in his mouth which is why he preferred Tony, but he let it slide this time since now wasn't the time to reprimand Steve for it. Besides, he's free to call him whatever he wants, right?
"You can't accept that." Bruce finished for him. Tony slowly nodded his head and bit his lip, his hands finding their way into his hair, tugging on the messy curls of brown locks. "Why can't you accept that he feels something for you?"
"As you wish, sir. Please, do be careful."
"Thor said you got shot out of the sky. Are you alright?" He looked at the once blue light of his right gauntlet, which faded into nothing but a grey light.
He stood up off of his stool, and the first step he took was met with wobbly legs, causing him to hold onto his desk for dear life.
"I'm not going to lie to you and say that I'm not uncomfortable, but I can't let what happened to me control me. I
and it makes him all the happier. He's so in love with this man, and it's the images of them going on walks in the park, watching movies, having dinner with or without the team, that makes his relationship feel all the more
They stepped in the elevator, and the brunette pushed the button to his floor. He felt his hand being squeezed by the soldier next to him. When he turned his head, he already saw Steve smiling at him, so he reciprocated the action, and in a soft voice, just barely above a whisper he asked, "can I kiss you?"
"Clint said he spotted some Hydra agents on the move, upon further inspection he was correct. They were moving some weapons to a different location, and when we apprehended them, they were S.H.I.E.L.D. weapons."
to use the machine." A look of understanding crossed Tony's face. He took his mug out from under the machine once it was full to the brim with steaming hot liquid. He held out his hand, motioning for Steve to give him the mug. Hesitantly the blonde complied and handed his mug to the genius, who put the mug under the machine just like his earlier.
"You like that?" Steve whispered seductively into his ear, causing Tony to nod his head and moan again. "You like the way I touch you like this? Only I get to do this, right?"
"Come on." He whispered. He waited for the perfect moment, watching as the creature moved so fast he hardly had any time to lock onto its location. He waited, letting it get closer to him. Once the creature suddenly disappeared from his field of vision, he turned around and held his left hand up, the familiar humming sound of his repulsor blast directed at the creature's face that tried to jump him from behind. He let the blast go and watched as the alien sailed away from him, its body crashing into another destroyed car, and staying there, limp.
"Was it snowing when you guys first got here?" Tony questioned.
But then a small click and the cold barrel of a gun is pressed against the back of his skull. He freezes, not daring to move, cursing himself for not leaving the damn suit on.
His hands curled into fists, his body was frozen in place, but he willed himself to turn away and look back at the Triskelion. He took the first step, ready to activate his thrusters on the next step he took, but he was frozen in place when he heard the sweet voice of his lover he thought he lost.
