Castiel leaned back in his chair.
one of Castiel’s greatest hits. He managed not to roll his eyes, while Anna beside him gave a little happy sound of delight at Patience’s choice.
“You’re Dean Winchester,” Castiel said, his tone obviously trying for matter-of-fact. “Of course you’re out of my league.”
That's all I can really say about That. I hope you enjoyed the chapter and I'll see y'all next week! Sending lots of good wishes to you out there. <3
“Better for seeing you, Lisa,” he said, laying it on a bit. SHe’d expect it.
Cas turned to him, and his expression was slightly puzzled.
Wide-eyed, still sitting on the sidewalk, Dean took this in. Something light crossed his face, then anger, then confusion.
He opened the email.
Castiel willed his own head not to drop, for his face to stay emotionless. Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he could see Sam watching him, and pressed his lips together hard to hold himself steady.
“Before you go,” said Anna, Castiel’s lawyer, her red hair swinging. “Dean. Have you heard what Castiel’s thinking of doing?”
“I had it.”
“If you want to run,” he said, “I’ll distract them.”
"They were
“Yes,” Castiel said. In his mind, the crushing weight of the dark was shifting, just slightly, like a night being lit for an impossibly slow moment by a crack of lightning.
the law. He was innocent but he was going to be found guilty, without the evidence I gave him and his defence team.”
He thought of Dean, of the look on his face when he’d pulled away from Castiel’s touch. It hadn’t made sense before. With the pain that seared his nerves now, it made complete sense. The pain said,
He wants to hear Dean’s heartbeat. He wants his grace back. With a sudden absolute certainty, Castiel feels how much he wants his grace back.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Good exercise,” Cas commented. “Cardiac… cardio.”
Okay.” Dean didn’t seem to pay any more attention to the apology than acknowledging that the moment had been dispelled, and they were back to panicking together.
“Um.” Castiel looked down at himself. “Are you trying to hint that you don’t like my clothing, or…”
“He has a new Rolls Royce.”
“Come on,” Dean said, using the arm to move Castiel forward faster on the path. “Let’s get your damn groceries.” He smacked the flat of his hand against Castiel’s shoulder, and then let go.
“Yes,” he said shortly. “Weird.”
“And neither can you?”
last night, right?”
He didn’t feel like giving them any answers, even if they’d actually asked instead of watching him with big questioning eyes. Every second made the heaviness in Castiel’s chest weigh harder on him. Like everything since he’d been fired it all felt nightmarish, as though reality had been dropped and he was living in the scattered pieces.
And now here he was, about to open himself up to the only other person in the world who had had the exact same grounding. Who had been taught just the same things.
The verses rolled away, the chorus peaked - his voice didn’t break, he was safe, he was doing this, and no one was laughing. No one was whispering behind their hands. No one was getting up to leave with their hands covering their ears. Dean sang on.
But it wasn’t a date. It
The ring in his pocket felt as though it was burning a hole. It would have probably been a better idea, safer, to have ditched it in the hotel. Or dropped it in the trash at the airport. But it was still very much in Castiel’s pocket, all the same.
“Okay, next, Meg Masters,” called Jody, and a dark-haired white woman gave the group around her a quick, confident smile before stepping out onto the stage. A rock song’s first strains sounded, and Dean’s face lit up.
“Ever the optimist?” Dean asked, and Cas smiled at him.
his brother. That was, by far, the most important thing.
“What did she say?” Sam said. “I couldn’t hear all of that.”
Castiel looked over his face for a few seconds, and then shook his head, and stood up.
There was a pause. Dean watched Castiel, who was now looking upwards, towards the night sky. He really was an attractive guy, Dean couldn’t help thinking, even though he couldn’t think of a less appropriate time to be thinking that about someone than after attempting to sabotage their Christmas party. Which he hadn’t been invited to. While wearing a giant coat and oversize gloves, like a dork. Had he ever looked less dateable in his entire life, he wondered.
Dean closed out the song. Had his voice sounded any good? He’d been so focused on rescuing Cas, and on panicking, and on his memories of the song, that he’d completely forgotten to pay any attention to his technique. Had he even been in tune? Had he breathed at all through the entire thing? People through the bar were calling his name and applauding him, the loudest response of the night so far, and that was answer enough for Dean; he gave a little salute to them, let go of the microphone, and stepped off the stage on legs made of pudding.
“Sam?” Castiel said.
His own words from moments earlier came back to him, and in a moment - too quickly, far too quickly, a split-second of recklessness - he made his decision and started to sing.
then I think you’d want to tell him the truth. ‘Cause you’d want to give it a shot.”
He wasn’t thinking about that. There wasn’t room in his head and it made his gut twist up.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This part of the plane could definitely be bigger,” Castiel said, trying to distract him.
He kept hearing himself say it and wanting to bury his head in his hands. What had he been thinking. What had
them tonight. Come on, dude, choice is yours!”
Dean shoved his hands further into his pockets, and considered the front door. If he walked through it, he would be actually going into an actual audition, where he would have to actually sing in front of actual people who would actually judge him. He couldn’t do the usual off-key croon that he summoned up whenever he sang outside The Refuge or his own room. He’d have to really, actually, properly sing.
“Yes, Dean?”
“Because. About a year ago. We were going through something.” Castiel waved a hand. “Our mother passed away. My brother kept saying, oh, you need to just get yourself a girlfriend, you just need to get yourself a girlfriend and it’ll all be better, just go on this date, go on one more date, I have a friend…” Castiel rubbed his fingers against his forehead. “I just told him that I had a girlfriend one day.”
“Why?” Dean asks.
Dean begged him silently.
“That’s good.”
“It’s good to see you,” Dean said.
"If you could bring a box or two in," he said, "that would be very helpful."
“Hello, Dean.” Before Dean could think of anything to say, Castiel kept talking. “If you’re worried about what happened yesterday causing any issues, you should know that I am very capable of keeping things professional.”
like… with Sam… now that I’ve thought about it, I’ve realised how crappy it feels to have been keeping this whole thing, this part of my life, from him, all this time. Just - everything feels like it’s gonna go to shit if I go forward but I can’t go back.”
And Castiel had gritted his teeth and said,
The door swung shut abruptly as Hannah closed it, and the sounds of their voices were cut off. For a while, though, Castiel and the Hunter kept standing there, leaning back against the wall of the dingy hallway.
said a voice that Dean hadn’t expected, and into a shot of the theatre walked a guy in a nice suit and open-necked shirt. One of the judges, Dean recognised, though he couldn’t remember the name. It was the one with the British accent and the blond hair.
The spire of Heaven - the image of Naomi. It was gone. Dean felt horror flood him, even as he stood stock still, his expression unchanging. In Naomi’s place was another picture, another face. The lettering underneath spelled out
Instagram notification noise, and Dean winced. She pulled it out, and spent a few seconds reading - and then made a furious little sound.
Speaking of a past that Dean wanted to leave behind –
If nothing they did together felt right, Cas would stick by him and keep trying new things. Forever.
“Right. I… huh. I guess it’s like – like the lies are started for you.”
He used the bathroom, even though he’d gone just before he left home; the last thing he wanted to be worrying about was needing to pee at an inopportune moment, as well as everything else. Washing his hands, he looked at himself in the mirror, eyeing how the matte powder subtly changed the angles of his cheeks and nose. Was that the face of a man who was going to sing in front of other people who were
Anna Celeste was almost smiling.
“Wh- what’s your name?” Castiel asked.
“Look, man. I don’t know. I get it, there are ten thousand questions. I don’t know what to tell you ‘cept it is what it is. You either get used to it or you leave. And everyone leaves, so.”
“Do you play?”
“Don’t be nervous,” Hannah said, misreading his expression of consternation. “It means you’re in with a really good chance! How about you head on through to Jody now?”
“I don’t know,” Castiel said. His head suddenly felt very heavy, and he wanted to go upstairs and lie down. “Maybe I don’t know anything.”
Sam was nowhere to be seen, but that wasn’t surprising – on their trip over, he’d spent the entire flight up front in the cockpit with the pilots. Charlie was sitting over next to Dean, facing Gordon and Ash. Ed, Harry, and Garth had filled another set of four seats that faced each other, the spare chair filled by a big bag with a bottle of wine poking out of the top.
“No,” he said out loud.
Dean turned to stare at the stage. The backing track was playing a soft instrumental guitar, the figure of Cas standing alone and unmoving on stage.
“Hey,” he said. “It’s good of you to come. You’re suffering through watching this movie with me.”
“Because,” Dean said.
"Uh - yeah, bye," Dean said, tripping a little over his words as he hung up. He had tried to avoid thinking about the kiss for the past couple of days, if only because every time he did stop to remember it, it felt like having the wind knocked out of him, and he completely lost track of what he was supposed to be doing or saying.
The grandfather clock did not reply to this. Castiel didn’t mind. He went back upstairs to get his pot of dirty soapy water and his t-shirt from the closet. Yes, he’d tackle the dirtier surfaces in the downstairs rooms that he hadn’t managed to vacuum clean, and then he’d wind the clock, and then he’d eat lunch. He could have that pasta, now.
“Yes,” Lisa agreed. “The rivers are good.”
The message sat there in the WhatsApp groupchat, and was met with silence. Castiel read over it, shook his head – and then he noticed his rice was definitely cooked, and went to drain the water away in the sink before it went mushy in the pot. A frown was growing on his face as he did so. When he was done, he stirred his vegetables some more and then came back and read the message again.
“Cool,” Charlie said quickly. “Cool, cool, cool. Um, so I’ll just let Castiel know, then, and you guys can –”
“Dude,” Sam said. “This…”
“Yes,” he managed, far too late.
“Oh.” Castiel looked down at the table, but his expression was – there was no missing it – outright pleased. And Dean, sitting and thinking about what Castiel had said about him, thought that his own face had to look pretty similar.
“I know that,” Jo said. “But they think that what they think matters. It’s just aggravating.”
“Yeah,” he said eventually. “Are you mad?”
“He’s fine,” Castiel confirmed. In the privacy of his own head, he thought that there really wasn’t much
. International beloved megastar. Pop singer. Charity founder. Lover of Roman poetry and bees…
good. But Dean was twisting up inside.
“Yeah, absolutely. No worries.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, still feeling as though he’d had the Parisian st
Charlie followed the pair of them out the door onto the sunny terrace, stepping unobtrusively.
“You know, I… don’t know what we do now,” Dean said. Castiel turned to look at him. He marvelled, again, inside. He was sitting here with Dean. Dean had chosen him. Dean had chosen this. In front of his family and in front of a crowd of people, at the crucial moment, Dean had chosen this.
“So…?” he says.
“Aw. You big baby.”
“It’s okay,” Charlie said, sounding exasperated. “It’s nothing. Just arrangements for tomorrow.”
“Great.” Jo headed up towards the front of the plane to speak to the pilot. Now that everyone was fixed in their places, Castiel thought he could take a glance around the cabin without looking as though he was desperately hoping someone would come to sit with him.
His memory cut out again and came back. How long had he been here? Struggling for breath. Hands wet and red, it had to be a nightmare. His heart pumping blood furiously, angrily, every frantic two-part beat a telling-off.
Dean made a noise of anger. He held up the ring, his wedding ring, so that Castiel had to look at it.
said his head, knowing what he was about to say,
“Do you have any gender preference?”
He turned to face the tree.
“He’s a strange one.”
Castiel began to talk, at length, about English history. There were PowerPoint slides up on the screen behind him, with interactive features. Dean expected it all to be boring. He expected his attention to wander. He expected to be able to sink into his thoughts about Castiel’s hotness technique, analysing his stances and poses, picking up tips.
“Will any bar do?” Cas said, with an edge of teasing in his voice. Dean pretended to think about it.
Dean didn’t say anything to that.
For Castiel, it was one person. His body just didn’t react to anything when there wasn’t that deep connection. But when there was –
“Cas, can y’get that?” came Dean’s muffled voice. “‘m doin’ m’teeth.”
“Thanks,” she said. “Jesus. Shit. Uh, Sirs, is there something I could get you, or…”
“I’m here.” A pause. “You can have me.”
Cas was mute, his eyes fixed on the bed.
“No,” Castiel said, walking closer. “No, no –”
“Chin and mouth,” Donna said breezily. Dean snorted, and Donna leaned back, raising one eyebrow. “It’s gotta be a beautiful mouth, you know. It’s all people can see of him. They take haitch-dee pictures and zoom in on ‘em. Imagine if he had some mustard stuck there.”
“Oh, no, it’s fine. I mean, you like what you like.” Dean pulled a semi-grotesque face. “Can’t believe this doesn’t do it for ya.”
“Shit.”
“What’s it say?”
“Okay,” Dean said, too tired for follow-up questions. He took another gulp of his coffee. If the site was only going to be up for another week, then he really didn’t need to care about his rating on it, did he?
“Is this – you want this?”
“I – that was different,” Dean spluttered. “That was totally different.”
“Right,” Dean said, with an almost-laugh. “And we just do that over and over, huh.”
“Come to think of it, though,” Dean says, “I’d get a lot more work done on the car if there were two of me. And we could harmonise on Zepp tracks. Maybe you are onto something.”
“Uh,” Dean said, “... hey?”
Dean swallowed obviously, his jaw muscles tight enough that Castiel could watch them move. The expression on his face was serious, the most serious that Castiel thought he’d ever seen it. There was none of the edge of glee that Castiel had seen in his eyes, in his smile, even when the revenant had been chasing them inside the house. He looked suddenly hollowed out.
He’d had two bad dreams. Both of them flavoured with shadows. He touched a hand to his own chest, palm flat, and rubbed it.
For a while, they sat together and listened to the waves.
There were just some establishing shots to begin with. Dean watched them flick by with a Castiel track playing in the background, just some b-roll of the auditionees getting their makeup put on and chatting together in the theatre. Dean caught his breath as he saw himself for the first time; he was sitting and talking to Donna in the makeup chair, and looking surprisingly relaxed considering that he had no idea what he was doing at the audition at all. Had he been being filmed, then? He hadn’t even noticed.
“But – we can’t – nowhere’s open, we’re not allowed to –”
“They
Dean bit his lip, hesitating before sending the message. He wanted to write something else, something that didn’t leave the message too stark and careless, but he couldn’t use a pet name or anything like that. He couldn’t say
“The realtors have an office in the city. I went, I signed.” Castiel closed his eyes. “It’s done.”
“Um,” he said. Internally, Dean cringed.
. There was no charge between them. Or at least, nothing that Dean could feel; he just didn’t know where to look, didn’t know if he should be saying more.
“We should fill in these papers,” he heard himself say. “Right? For the annulment.”
“See you later,” he said gruffly. Like it was nothing. Castiel almost smiled, despite everything. It was so very Dean.
“I know. Just come in. I can – I’ll fix it. Somehow. Just come back in.”
The last second had come – and too soon. Castiel had somehow been expecting more lead-up, more time, more moments to be able to make his final choice and know for certain whether he was going to try to stop the whole thing or whether he was going to let it happen – but now, quite suddenly, here he was. The silence was ringing in the cathedral. The guests were still, poised, caught in the instant of tension that the question brought. Castiel had his eyes on the back of Dean’s head.
“He’s okay?” she checked, and Castiel nodded. His eyes were starting to work, now, processing what he was seeing. Charlie was in her usual smart suit, and as Castiel watched her she lifted her wrist to her mouth. “Impala One has been located. I repeat, Impala One has been located. Stand down.”
He held up his hand. As one, the hard-hats squinted at it.
For a second, Cas’ mouth dropped open and he was gawping at Dean in undisguised shock - and then the weird stiffness all seemed to melt, and he was smiling and looking relaxed again.
Dean snorted.
“Your kitchen?” The man narrowed his eyes at Castiel. He was good-looking, Castiel thought, and then pulled a face at himself in his own mind. Not the time.
In the split second before he answered, Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes and felt the promise of his own bed, in his own room, be broken. He dropped his hand away from Dean’s shoulder.
Dean stepped forward and put his clumsy hand on Castiel’s cheek. His heart was thudding so wildly he thought it might give out. Was this right? He leaned in and ached to close the final distance between them but only had the courage to press their foreheads together, and breathe, looking down at their chests being so close – hearing only Castiel breathing too, and the sound of the rain.
“You did?”
“And it hurts?”
“The children already know Dean,” Castiel said, his voice sounding blank. Of course the children at the orphanage where Castiel had grown up already knew Dean. The two of them, Dean and Castiel, made a point to go there at least once a month, or they had done before Dean’s engagement and his sudden silence.
“Looking for Charlie,” Dean finished.
“Well then,” Dean said, “maybe he doesn’t know me well enough to realise he should steer clear.”
“It’s me,” Castiel confirmed. His voice held a recognition of Dean’s smile, a reciprocal warmth.
man. Get it?”
“And when you told me you’d learned to do a handstand…”
Dean swallowed.
“Think so,” Dean said.
Cas was here. He was lucky enough to actually have Cas in his goddamn apartment, and he wasn’t going to waste time getting himself into another mess of feelings. They had pizza and cookies. Everything else could wait for later. Whether Sam saw the video or not was out of his hands, anyway. It was just down to chance. What was real, what Dean could actually make a choice about, was whether or not he showed Cas a good time at his apartment, right now.
Now, here he was. Married to Dean, but still about to watch Dean get married tomorrow to someone else.
“She’ll probably ask you why, anyway,” he said.
“I shouldn’t have told him that,” Castiel said. His voice seemed to disappear for a second, and then he pushed through it. “I should’ve told him that I’m – that I – that I’m gay.”
The man swore viciously, and Castiel looked up to see him staring at something over Castiel’s own shoulder. Before he could whip round to look, the man’s grip on his hand was tugging him away, towards the third and last door upstairs: the little closet.
Dean moved, his free hand coming up to cup Castiel’s face, his lips finding Castiel’s. He kissed Castiel with an urgency, and Castiel felt it, what he was trying to say – the gratitude, the understanding, the mutuality of feeling. Dean’s hand on Castiel’s cheek made him shake. He’d wanted this for so, so long. Exactly this. And now he had it.
He stomped out of his hall and into the kitchen, grabbed his keys, shoved his feet into his boots, and left his home. He could feel half of him – maybe even more than half of him – telling him how stupid he was going to look, and how hard everyone was going to laugh, and how he didn’t even really know Castiel and probably Castiel was just going to roll his eyes at Dean’s pathetic attempt at being romantic anyway.
Now they were two married men.
He had the keys to the house in his pocket, already picked up from the realtors’ office back in New York. Castiel could feel them digging into his hip, an uncomfortable talisman to the house’s strange world, a reminder that he wasn’t just a visitor to this place – that he belonged here, now. This was where he was going to be living.
And then back to the house. On the porch, something dangling from a beam rattled semi-tunefully.
Charlie pressed her lips together.
“And you never doubt their intentions are pure,” Dean replied dryly. The rest of the group were starting to shift uncomfortably.
“Fuck,” he gasped. “Oh,
“You thought I was that rude?”
Right?
“Yeah, definitely.” Dean glanced around at the glittering crowd, the feather boas, the tacky disco balls on the ceiling. “It’s kinda home from home, really. Maybe just home, plain and simple, I dunno.”
“Bobby, please. You know I’d never leave you.”
I JUST REALISED that this chapter takes us over the 100k mark. I'M JUST. My fics always tend to run longer than I ever expected but this!!! This is a new high/low depending on how you look at it!!! DAMN. I'm so excited for what's left of the story - I reckon we're about 75-80% of the way through now. BUT I MEAN. WHO KNOWS. JFFHDHFDJFFGHGH. I haven't written the ending yet so it's entirely possible that another ten chapters will spring up out of nowhere like HYDRA HEADS SPITTING BURNING POISON and by burning poison I mean SLOWBURN POISON. Poison that SLOWS THE BURN. What am I even talking about. But yes, as we get closer to the end of the story, I'll mention roughly how long there is left so that the ending doesn't take all of us by surprise.
And of course Dean probably wouldn’t have wanted to sit next to him anyway. Dean hadn’t wanted to see him in ages, before this bachelor party. What would they have to talk about?
“They look like they’re really feeling that,” Hannah said.
“That’s not it,” Castiel interrupted. “It’s just – Dean, it’s – it’s you, and it’s me.” He had to see it, Castiel thought. The differences in their stations, the way that their connection had already opened Dean up to ridicule among the noble houses.
Castiel thinks.
“Arguing like that. Couple of dumbasses.”
Together, they went into the house – they went home.
Castiel let out a long breath.
When she reached them, Mary reached out a hand and put it on her eldest son’s cheek. Dean leaned into it, his gaze falling to the floor, a frown on his brow.
“No, no, it’s not you. It’s just, uh. It’s - like, uh. There’s something I wanted to tell you about, I guess.” Dean was making a fucking meal of this, and he knew it. He’d had hours to think it through, plan what he was going to say, and he’d wasted every single second in denial that he was really going to make this call. Hadn’t prepared a thing.
“But Mom, there’s loads more!” Dean said, pointing to the rest of the pathway.
“Am I gonna miss what’s not part of the relationship? Is that what you’re asking? Like, you never asked me if the guy with the shaved head would be
“You’re the brother of one of my juniors, aren’t you? That’s right. You’re the one who got fired for leaking evidence. It was on the news.”
Dean, standing in front of the open fridge, winced as the question floated through from the hallway. He heard Castiel put down his keys in the bowl on the table, and then walk through to the kitchen.
“That was delicious,” he said.
He remembered the song that he’d sung about Cas -
It was probably for the best that they didn’t kiss here, anyway, Dean had to think. He glanced around the parking lot. No one was paying any particular attention to them, but if they were ever going to have a first kiss, it’d be a better memory to look back on if it wasn’t interrupted by whichever local bigot happened to be watching. Ugh. It put a cold feeling in his gut, even having to think about that kind of thing. It shouldn’t have to occur to him.
“That looked like it hurt,” Castiel said.
“No?”
He’d never seen his own face like that. Never once in any picture. Neither of them looked very drunk or particularly raucous. They were barely even smiling. But somehow, even still, they looked so painfully happy that Castiel couldn’t bear to see it. It was in their eyes.
“Hey, Charlie… what I said earlier, about you not being a good listener…”
“Well, I hope it wasn’t too boring, either.”
“Good?”
Castiel was halfway to a crouch when he caught sight of Dean, staring in.
you can feel it burning all the way through you, and you think about it for
“Cas, don’t – they only take more pictures if you freak out – shit –”
Dean felt those winds in his bones, in his soul, when he looked at Cas, who was looking back at him. That wistful, proud look was on his face again, but there was no distance in it now, like there had been with the others - it was intimate, it was raw, it looked almost painfully happy. Blazingly happy, just like when Dean had told him he would sing. Dean smiled into the last line of the verse.
“I fell in love,” Lisa said simply, looking at Charlie.
Dean sat up, though, after a little while, and picked up one of their discarded shirts, and used it to clean off first Castiel, and then himself. He got to his feet, and without words reached out for Castiel, who took his hand and stood up. They dressed themselves, Dean pulling on his jacket over his bare skin to give Castiel the shirt that wasn’t dirty.
Well, for a given value of ‘fine’, anyway. If Dean was honest, social distancing wasn’t proving to be a picnic. At first he’d been sure he’d have no trouble – thought he’d have time to relisten to all his favourite albums, learn to cook brisket. First figure out what exactly brisket even was, actually, and then learn to cook it. With the world in such a state, and with so many things to worry about, Dean had thought that he’d at least be able to deal with being isolated.
But… Dean liked Castiel.
“Oh, really?” Lisa asked.
“My… you know... chili peppers,” Dean said, mostly mouthing the last two words.
“Love?”
“The game’s not on,” the guy said, bringing Dean back to the moment and making him keenly aware that he’d been sat with his mouth slightly open for slightly too long, grasping for words that wouldn’t come.
said a little voice in Dean’s head.
“And you…” Dean paused, and Castiel saw from the expression on his face that this was the part of the conversation he’d been wanting to get to most. “She told you her name?”
Dean took the microphone in one sweaty hand, and opened his dry mouth. What were the first words? Could he even remember them?
“You got pizza? Pizza and Led Zeppelin?”
“How are you,” Castiel said, as he walked through the door and she closed it behind him. “You’re awake.”
Cas shook his head.
“No,” Castiel said, sounding a little frustrated by the suggestion.
“No – wait –” Dean said. This time, Castiel didn’t pause. He walked away, and he didn’t look back. Not even for a moment.
The words were spoken. And Castiel felt something shift, like a deep bass note played suddenly, ringing through him. The world beneath and all around him seemed to sigh, as though it had known he would offer this, but had hoped for his sake that he might not.
He was staring down at the table.
“Putting me second to the books,” Dean replied, but his cheeks were going a pleased shade of pink. “I get it.”
“Oh,” Castiel decided to say, because he couldn’t in good conscience come down too hard on an idea he’d had himself at least once in the last twenty-four hours.
Castiel sat still, his breathing hard. Dean’s body was a little shiny in places with sweat. His muscles in his legs were tense. His eyes were on Castiel, letting him look, doing exactly what Castiel had wanted. Castiel moved forward, onto his knees on the floor.
“Uh-huh. And what about the disappearances?”
Damn. He was really ramming that point home.
“We should go now,” Castiel said. “Or you should text her.”
“What?” Castiel said, though he didn’t look especially offended – in fact, he was watching Dean laugh with a kind of lightness in his eyes that reminded Dean of the way he’d looked on their date-that-wasn’t, back in the movie theatre.
“You know, for a second there, I thought you’d…”
“I know,” Castiel said. “Or – well, it’s Jess’ now, I suppose.”
Castiel stared at him, not understanding.
“Yeah. Uh. The photographer was a freelancer. Horrible guy, honestly. Sold the pictures as exclusives to at least six different papers. Way to make a quick buck. My mom’s paper isn’t running the pics, just so you know, out of respect. But, yeah… everyone else is. And I thought, if you guys were waiting for the right moment to announce your marriage, then probably it’s a sooner than later kind of deal? Like, do it tonight?”
“Dean, it’s –”
Castiel took a breath. It was fine. It was all fine. This man wasn’t a monster. He was just a person. A person named Dean. Nothing strange could be called Dean. It was a solid name.
“Who are you?” Castiel said. Dean’s silhouette on the wall behind him was different. Dean was trying to catch his eye but Castiel leaned around him to try to look at the shadow. From the top of his head, one on each side, there was a pattern – strange branches, growing outward.
“Yeah, thanks, Cas,” Dean said. Even those three words came out stilted and husky.
“Maine.”
He was crying out again in the elevator with no one to hear. Where was he, again? His mind was reeling back through pictures, fragments - but they were fading. Leaving him. He felt as though he were waking up, or maybe falling asleep so hard that he couldn’t remember what it was like to be awake. He knew he’d gone looking for something. Someplace. He knew he’d found it. He knew there had been people there.
“Lord and Saviour?”
When was the last time he hadn’t had to worry, or at the least to pay attention, to be on alert, to watch what he said and who he said it to? When was the last time he’d felt this free?
Twice.
“Oh, darling. You were so happy last night. What went wrong?”
“Maybe next time,” Castiel said. “But thank you.”
“You look happy,” Cas said, and Dean scrubbed his hand over his mouth to stop himself smiling or crying or both.
Castiel’s expression shifted into something between immediate exasperation and warmth. Dean grinned at him, and took a sip of his milkshake through the straw. Castiel watched him for a second too long in silence, not responding to the joke, just looking at Dean.
“You should talk to him,” Charlie said, with more certainty. “Seriously. I mean, everything else is good, right?”
––––-
It had been a while. Maybe more than a while.
about it. Dean hadn’t fallen asleep in Castiel’s room for years, not since they were both still in college. And over the past several months, they’d barely even spoken to each other.
“I mean,” Dean said, feeling his heart starting to thud, “unless you don’t want to. This is, uh. Just, well. I don’t know.”
“No,” she said. “I think you got away with it.”
Somewhere across the room, there was the sound of someone knocking on the bedroom door.
“And…” Castiel says, but his throat goes dry. He can do this. He has to do this. If he doesn’t now, he never will. He tries again. “And… you?”
The sunlight moved across the wall.
“Do you really think so?” Castiel said, trying to keep the tiredness out of his voice.
“You were the one who was embarrassed?” Charlie said, sounding amused. Dean sat down on the sofa beside her, tentatively perching on the edge of his usual spot, still half-planning to go and change.
“I know, I know…” Dean looked down at the floor for a long second, and then said, “Uh. Nothing… nothing…
Dean, as though he’d sensed his mother’s attempt to draw him into conversation coming, had picked up his coffee mug and was mid-gulp. He got away with just a wordless noise and a nod of response as he swallowed, though Castiel noticed Mary’s eyes narrow a fraction.
As he descended, Castiel watched the world darken. He hadn’t ridden on the elevator for a long time, and he’d forgotten the way that the city slowly swallowed you down, down, down into her stomach. The contrast was worse this way than with Wings. When Castiel Winged here, he winked out of existence in the Up, and appeared moments later in the Underlight. The two places felt like faraway fragments. On the elevator, Castiel had to watch the lights fade, the cracks start to show on the buildings. It was all one city, all one place.
“I didn’t say –”
“Sure, hi,” she said. “C’mon, Dean, how did it go? I’ve been dying all morning.”
Castiel didn’t want to leave Dean hanging without a reply, but he also didn’t want to embarrass him by laughing at the idea of the hack being scary. Instead, he switched over to his texting app again. Maybe if he got more evidence that the “hacker” had no idea what they were doing, then Dean would realise on his own that it wasn’t anything to worry about.
“No,” Dean replied dryly, “the
When he rang off the phone, he sat on his sofa quietly for a few seconds - but his apartment was too silent and sitting still gave him too much time to think. He reached for his phone and put on a podcast just so the chatter would fill his mind. No space to worry. No hush to fill with thoughts that snagged and tore.
“They guard,” Castiel said solidly.
“Could you…” Castiel said, and then cut himself off, glancing away. The peppermint steam was corrosive and heavy in his lungs.
Dean tried to relax into his seat, but having Castiel so close to him was like sitting next to a livewire. His awareness of the closeness of their legs was growing. He could feel it all the way through his body, how much he wanted them to be able to touch. Like a hunger. A hunger he hadn’t let himself feel in a long time, for someone else’s body against his own, somewhere, anywhere.
“Oh, yeah?” he said.
“I’ve got a ride,” Castiel said. “But thank you.”
Castiel had kept to himself for the whole of the rest of the day, and hadn’t been disturbed. Steeling himself, Castiel walked over to the door, and opened it. Standing outside was Dean, of course – and Castiel had been planning to talk about the lawyers and documents and serious things, but he took one look at Dean’s face and his hand reached out, taking Dean’s shoulder.
The seconds ticked by.
“But is it out there?” Castiel said.
“Nick. Moved to Canada with his best friend. He sends me pictures from his farm.”
“Sure,” he said, and Jody reached into the inside pocket of her jacket, pulling out papers that had been folded up to fit. Dean took them from her, along with the pen that she proffered a few moments later. “Uh… do I have to read these, or can I just sign?”
Castiel didn’t think he existed.
Maybe Dean wasn’t coming back. Maybe that was rule four: no trusting strange men who walked into your house and saved your life.
“There you are,” said a voice, and through the door of The Refuge came Jody, followed by Hannah, who was followed more loosely by Charlie. Dean glanced over them all, and then back at Cas, who seemed to want to say something to him but without words, using nothing but the foreign land of his face, his eyes.
“You thought you’d save me from being embarrassed,” Dean said, “by making me think you liked me like that? When you don’t?”
He spared a moment to wonder how it had started, for Dean. When he’d first felt something. He wondered how many of their years as friends they’d wasted by not talking, not wanting to be the first to make a move.
“We could pose… like this…” The guy reached over and took Dean’s hand.
“What about you?”
And that sent Cas quiet again. Dean paid the check with no more arguments, and together they stood up and left the restaurant. Outside, it was briskly cold. Dean shoved his hands into his pockets, and then looked over at Cas, and extracted a hand and held it out. They walked together back to the Impala, pressed close enough that, in the dark of the late evening, Dean hoped no one would see their joined hands and comment on it.
Every second that Castiel touched him was a farewell to the loneliness that had lodged in Dean’s chest. Dean returned the kiss, letting himself come to know the shape of Castiel’s mouth, letting the warmth of it feel good and right, letting himself trust for a second that when he pressed forward, Castiel would be pressing back – and there he was, matching Dean for longing, matching him for wanting, matching him for the obvious blazing joy between them that had to be lighting the street up brighter than the glow of the lamps above them.
Dean, frozen with his hands on the steering wheel, gave her a weak nod.
“Your turn,” Dean said. “I wanna – I wanna come with you – when I do, I wanna come with you.”
He had no body. He was nowhere. There was only darkness. And hurt. Nothing else. It was the beginning and the end of everything. It made him. It
He let the video play on this time. The singers went out there one by one; every now and then, the camera would focus in on the lower half of Cas’ face, his mouth and chin, as they sang. Dean wished, and wished hard, that Cas didn’t have to wear the mask, so that the camera could have captured his whole face - the way he looked at each person on the stage, his eyes so tender and touched and humbled. Dean hadn’t understood why he’d watched them like that, at the time. Now it made sense.
“I didn’t know where else to go,” he managed to say. “Can I…”
Hello friends!! Here it is: one update, hot out of the oven. Mmm delicious. Pls enjoy so tastey hot. The next chapter will be up in one week on Friday 14th. I hope you all have a good one!!
For a second, they stared at each other. And then, moving at the same time, they both leaned in again – not so gentle, now.
And a little of the fight leaves Dean again. He looks as though he wants to say something else, but doesn’t know what. His face is half apology and half anger.
“To help you,” Castiel said. And now, with the revenant’s hold on his body loosened just a touch, he did turn his head painstakingly slowly and looked at Dean. Dean was sitting and watching him, eyes roaming Castiel’s own face worriedly. When their eyes met, Dean started to talk, but Castiel still couldn’t hear his words. “To help him,” Castiel said to the revenant.
when so little had happened. Dean was almost embarrassed. God, if Sam could hear Dean’s thoughts, he’d laugh himself stupid. Or maybe just be totally horrified. Dean pushed those thoughts away.
He watched himself walk out onto the stage, and clutched Charlie’s phone tightly.
Dean tapped his fingers on the steering wheel of the car, and cleared his throat.
“What can I say,” Dean said. “I’m the bad boy. I don’t take out trash when I’m told.”
Exploring the bathroom, he was oddly pleased to find the worst thing to be a few cobwebs in the window and a big spider in the bath. What kind of life was he living now, he couldn’t help wondering, where a giant spider seemed like a comparative blessing. He’d get a cup and put it outside later. For the moment, he relieved himself and washed his hands - the water, at least, seemed clean enough - and then went outside to help Hannah grab the last of his boxes out of the back of the car, along with the bags of groceries they’d stopped to pick up on the way. He’d explore the upstairs of the house later.
Dean saluted.
“Uh, Dean. Dean Winchester.”
“But…” Gabriel swallowed audibly. “But I didn’t set you up on
Dean bit his lip as he saw himself disappear from the stage, and saw Castiel walk out to take his place. Face covered, of course. At last, with the mask on, the camerawork didn’t have to dodge him so carefully; Castiel stood front and centre.
“You don’t get it. My brother is what they’re coming for,” he said. “Sam. The Samarbeid. The
“Tell the kids at Crispin’s I said hi.”
“How did you know?”
“Not even close,” Jo said seriously.
“Of course it is. As if a nerd like him could really get a rating that high and not be smug about it. He’s
Castiel swallowed. There was no escaping this. No quick sound spell to magic him back to a world that made sense. No noise he could make that would undo what was outside the door.
And this could be it. The last time he spoke to his brother. What he was about to say… Sam could hang up the phone after hearing it, and never pick up again. Never want to see Dean again.
“Ha,” he said, quietly. “Haaaaa. Okay. Yeah. I can do this. Just pick up the damn phone and watch the dumb video.”
Dean took slightly too long to say,
Castiel swallowed.
“Yeah. Definitely.”
“I’m sorry,” Jo said. “This seems like worse news than I thought it would be.”
There was something in Charlie’s expression that made Castiel think she, too, understood that this wasn’t a happy day for everyone. It was hard to tell with her standing a little back from the congregation, in the gloom, but he thought she looked sad. She was standing too rigidly to be natural.
“No, it’s good. We should pretend to laugh at a joke together. That’s very candid.”
“I assume,” Cas added, a little dryly.
his mind said.
And if Castiel told Dean to stop with words or body language or anything then Dean would shut the hell up. But he didn’t have to assume that Castiel didn’t want to hear any of it before even trying. He didn’t have to think the goddamn worst of himself all the time just so no one else got the edge on him. He didn’t have to always decide it was already too late, and he wasn’t worth it. He lifted one of his feet up and smeared bubbly shower gel onto it, balancing awkwardly.
What had even happened? One second he'd been going to retrieve his toothbrush from Castiel's room while getting very clear signals that nothing else would be happening, and the next second Castiel had been pushing him back against the window, and giving him a kiss like - like
“I get it. I have my shit, too, I guess. We have boundaries, man. It’s cool. We can keep those.” Dean cleared his throat. He wasn’t sure whether he was striking the right tone; everything Cas was saying seemed to be pointing towards the fact that he saw some kind of future with Dean, some reason why what they did now might matter later - but he didn’t want to lean too hard into that, or ask about it, and freak Cas out. Freak himself out, too, if he overthought it. “But, like, to get back to the whole point... I was wrong about your music. I gotta tell you. Your song that you sang earlier…”
In his head, he counted
Two days later, Castiel Winged down into the Underlight.
I like Dean’s cadence where’s he from
Again, Castiel found himself on the receiving end of a look that seemed more than slightly incredulous.
There was something about this conversation that was making his heart beat harder.
“What?” he said.
“I mean,” she said, as Dean took it and began to scroll down, “they’re YouTube comments, so you have the odd troll, but…”
"Damn right you won't," the Hunter said.
“Cas,” Dean said, “you ditched me for our first date. Twice.”
He made himself a bowl of cereal, and sat down to eat it. In the same place as the day before, he pulled out his phone again to check his social media. Only two days, he thought, but it could become a routine, doing this. He would be okay with it being his routine. Waking up, and coming downstairs to fix himself breakfast in the quiet kitchen with the sunlight pouring gold through the windows, while inside him happiness grew warmer every day.
“They can’t,” Dean said. And without speaking to Castiel, he turned.
A reply pinged back immediately.
“Not that hard,” Dean said, aware that the words could've come out charming if he hadn't been hungover – but instead he sounded irritable and teenagery and didn't care enough to fix it.
“It’s the surroundings,” he said innocently. “The local wildlife, the creatures that have made this place their home. I don’t know if I could leave it any time soon.”
Castiel tried to drift back into the darkness of sleep, where there was no headache and no roiling stomach and no taste of lime. Just him, and the vague awareness of Dean nearby.
“What’s up,” Dean said, as he walked into his classroom. He set the aviators down on his desk, and put his hands in his pockets. “Okay, so, today we’re gonna be having some presentations on robotics. First up, let’s have, uh… yeah, there, uh, Claire and Kaia. Come on down.”
A little flicker of light seemed to touch Dean’s eyes.
Charlie had her lips pressed together, her eyes sparkling like something was funny.
“I know that tone. Whatever. I’ll call you. And you’d better pick up.”
“No, no. About the app. The rating. You know… the chili peppers.”
“She was helping,” Castiel said. “She was helping the forest. And maybe your brother, too. She was shaped to hold all the pain that the forest couldn’t take.”
“Hey,” Dean said, apparently opting for a non-confrontational greeting over sartorial critique.
Dean’s front drops, the stiffness going out of his shoulders, his hands unclenching.
Right, as though Castiel the King of Chilis would lower himself far enough to pay Dean a genuine compliment. But still, just because Castiel hadn’t been able to sincerely admit it, maybe Dean really… kind of…
“But,” Dean said to him, and then had to stop.
Castiel didn’t know what to say, caught between embarrassment and the happiness of having made Dean laugh.
“I can’t wait,” Cas said, and he sounded like he meant it. For a moment, Dean thought that he was going to lean in and kiss Dean goodbye - his eyes were on Dean’s lips, he seemed to lean in - but then he turned and headed out into the parking lot. Jody and Hannah followed him, Hannah giving Dean an awkward wave as they went.
“Hello? Who’s there?”
No reply, no reply. What if Cas were angry for some reason again, like he had been before he came out to Dean? What if this conversation that Dean was starting made him feel that way again? What if Cas wanted to walk out again? What if he really did walk out this time, what if not sending a reply was his way of walking out over text? The drop of fear was unexpected, a lower step down the spiral staircase of panic.
Lisa reached out, and put her hand on his folded arms.
“It’s so bad.”
With Dean sitting on him, straddling him, Castiel could feel Dean’s body react. The tightening of his leg muscles, and the visible arousal pushing his pants out of shape.
“Seven,” she said, and then immediately added placatingly, “which isn’t so bad, really. I mean, Balthazar is only an eight and he’s got the accent going for him, too.”
He looked down, and Dean cleared his throat.
At around the hour mark, Castiel leaned over closer to Dean, still facing the screen, to murmur,
“Proud of you,” Sam said. “Like me.”
"What?"
Dean could really, really not deal at all with being isolated.
“Yes. I was a lawyer. I had an office, and a company car, I had… I had these cases I worked on. I liked working on them. But then I… something happened. And I got fired.”
it. He liked how he sounded. It wasn’t perfect, but he
“The pictures,” Castiel said slowly.
“Are you even listening to me, or –"
“I’ll be singing just the one song, probably.”
You are kidding me. Okay. Just gonna full-screen that crap again. Yup. There we go. Let’s pretend we never saw that.”
“Very,” Cas replied. “You?”
a shot at having a brother who knew him.
“He probably shortens it,” Dean said, standing up, “just to Mr Hot.”
If Sam were here, right now, he’d be pulling a face and crossing his arms.
“Holy crap,” she said. “Did you do your hair? Is there product in there?”
“I’m cold.”
said his brain,
“His defence was government-appointed and underpaid and overworked and they missed the bloodwork results that exonerated their client. They’d given up. His only chance was if I…”
The stranger was looking at him. From the expression on his face, he was looking for those stars, too.
Quite suddenly, he felt convinced that if he could only make some kind of sound – could speak, say something normal or silly or not-scary, something that a person being chased by a monster would never say, then he could make it all go away. Like the gentle
“I do,” he said. “It was good. I felt like I was making a difference. Doing something to help people. And I had a good life there, too. I was comfortable. But…”
“Who’s Sarah?” he said.
“Not that one,” Jody said impatiently. Dean didn’t go and peer at the comments over Cas’ shoulder; whatever it was people were saying, good or bad, he didn’t feel ready to hear it. Half a million people - that figure was too big to even begin to sink in.
“He’ll have what I’m having.”
Dean looked over at Jo, who nodded and brought her ph
the house to be haunted, now? With firmer footsteps than normal, he stomped across the landing and pushed open the door opposite him.
“Ain’t a question of putting up with it,” Bobby said, and seemed to want to say more, but didn’t. There was something a little off-balance about him, something worried. Dean reached out and clapped his shoulder, the orange overalls a familiar texture under his palm.
But it’s impossible. Castiel knows he can’t be Dean. And Dean’s right, too, because Castiel feels it, with sudden clarity - he doesn’t really want to be. He doesn’t want to give up gardening. He doesn’t want to work on Dean’s car. He doesn’t want to share a toothbrush.
Dean cleared his throat. He’d wildly underestimated how self-conscious he would feel, having actually made an effort. The whole way from his car to the teachers' lounge, he’d been trying to hunch his shoulders and act as though he didn’t want to be wearing the clothes that he had on. The aviators were tucked into his hand, safely hidden from judgemental eyes.
“And?”
“Dean,” he called out.
The world was starting to swirl in a way that was becoming all too familiar.
It would be weird for Dean to ask if he wanted to make out again. It would be super weird. Dean had the feeling, though, from the way Castiel glanced over towards him, that they were on it again, that same wavelength of weird.
?” For the first time, Sam sounded less than collected; he sounded slightly delighted. “You liked him?”
That, and the particular stain on the carpet where Dean had really overdone it one night on the rainbow shots and made a delightful rainbow mess, were what made the place uniquely Dean’s.
“I dunno, man,” he says. “Anyway, it’s not really me, is it.”
The Queen laughed, and Castiel felt Dean relax. He tried not to breathe out too visibly, himself.
“No,” Castiel repeated. “The database. I want you to search it again. You located a type-one diabetic before I Winged down. I want you to recheck his last known location. Samandriel, no last name known.”
The door to the closet swung open. Castiel realised that he was backed up against the wall of the closet again, looking like a cornered animal. Dean had been looking matter-of-fact, but his expression softened when he saw Castiel’s tense face.
“Damn.”
Dean was cringing to himself, his mind a whirl. Cas hadn’t even tried to hide it. Literally, he’d used a shortening of his stage name when he’d introduced himself last night. And Dean - clueless fucking Dean - had actually sat there and thought,
“No way?” Dean said, impressed. “And he’s got you here putting makeup on the randoms who’ve come for the audition, while he’s out living it up somewhere?”
“Hmm,” he said. “I don’t know. Maybe on the inside?”
“I know.” The hardness was back in Dean’s voice.
Dean looked sceptical.
On each of their left hands – glittering in the light – were two matching golden rings.
“Yeah,” Dean said, when Cas didn’t say anything. “Yeah, we were just getting some air.”
Dean thought. And kissed him.
Rolling over in bed, Castiel googled
Castiel eyed it.
“There’s your favourite for dessert,” Mary said, coaxing him with a little smile.
The panic eased. His breathing calmed. He opened his eyes.
Castiel looked down at it, and Dean watched the blood rush to his cheeks.
And it was hard, and it was confusing. The things Castiel did because of how he felt about Dean – Dean did those things as a friend. The way they got into each other’s space, the way their eyes held sometimes, just… just stupid things. Forgettable, to Dean. And then here was Castiel, still thinking about a half-second’s worth of expression on Dean’s face twenty minutes later.
“Only one problem,” he said. “A couple of people may already have seen your face.”
“That sounds rude of him. And at his own party, too.”
“You believe in that stuff?” Dean said. Castiel stared at him.
“Ratatouille,” Castiel said.
“I guess not actually,” Sam said. “Dean, what’s this even -”
“I have a natural sense for these things.”
“I know,” Charlie said. “But look, he’s got it all figured out. Can we just go along with it?”
said the revenant.
“Dean,” Charlie said again, and her tone of voice hovered between understanding and amusement.
He almost collided with someone as he pushed his way out of the door. A quick muttered apology was halfway out of his mouth when he saw who it was that he’d almost run into, and was struck dumb; after a whole night of stressing about whether or not to come, and a whole morning of agonising over whether this was all worth it to see one man, here he was. Here was the man. Barely a foot away from him in the doorway, looking shocked and pleased to see him.
“Hey, yourself,” he said.
Castiel breathed out, just to fill a little of the emptiness. Nothing answered his sigh, and it was like a person deep in sleep not answering to their name. The wrongness of it was making Castiel’s heart pound. He tried to shake off the feeling.
He hurried after John, making sure Sam was beside him, going as fast as he dared until they were right behind their father. His knee was starting to throb, too, and he kept it off his face carefully, because Sam was still glancing up at him.
“You okay, Castiel?” Garth said good-naturedly. “You seem kinda spaced out.”
Dean wanted to talk about it, go over and over the conversation, and also felt as though it was too good to be true - as though if he focused on it too hard, it would pop like a soap bubble. He started to scan the menu in earnest, wondering which burger to go for this time.
Dean held up a hand to stop her.
“I go by they and them,” they said. There was a tiny pause, and then they added, “Thank you for asking.”
Castiel shrugged it off. It was all in his head. He just needed to eat.
“I was…” Charlie swallowed hard. “I… okay.” She took a deep breath, and then let it go. “Okay. I’m pretty sure I’m gonna be fired from this job today. So before I answer that question, let me just say that… well, working here has been… um…” Her voice wobbled and she seemed suddenly to run out of steam, and put her face into her hands. Dean and Castiel shared another glance across the room, confirming each other’s confusion.
“And then,” Dean said, “he left.”
There was an edge of hurt to her tone of voice, and Dean jaw tightened. Was he ever going to tell her, he wondered. Surely not. She’d hate it. Spending time with Cassie was like visiting a parallel universe. That world didn’t have room for monsters under the bed.
And Dean was good at this, because he was wasn’t kissing Castiel like it was a throwaway thing, a precursor or a little shallow nothing. It felt deep, it felt - it felt like it mattered. It felt like the moment on the balcony when they’d talked alone, the moment he’d felt a true connection, and Castiel’s feelings for Dean had quickened and breathed for the first time. It felt good, so
In a way, it wouldn’t even be a lie, because – Castiel glanced over at Dean again, a twist in his chest – because it wasn’t a real marriage. They weren’t planning to stay together. The promises they’d made to each other the night before – the ones that Castiel was telling himself he couldn’t remember, so he wouldn’t have to think about them – those promises meant nothing. The lawyers’ business card was still in his pocket, and on the plane he was going to write out an email to them.
Lisa passed the row where Castiel was sitting, and he couldn’t avoid looking at her any longer. She looked like a dream, a gauzy veil draped over a traditional Corelian wedding dress with flowers sewn across the shoulders and scattered up the skirts. Castiel wondered whether the people sitting around him could hear how loudly his heart was pounding. When the bride came to a stop at the front of the cathedral, Dean still hadn’t looked at her.
“Don’t
What was important was that he was definitely and absolutely, probably, maybe capable of looking just as hot as Castiel Novak, and wiping that smug smile off his face.
“Royal weddings are often matches of convenience, not love,” Mary said. “I myself…” She bit back the end of the sentence. “But I… I wasn’t… at least I didn’t want someone else, when I married John.”
“You look pleased with yourself,” Dean said. “What, did you solve another forest’s problems?”
“You heard about the trucks I saw down on the south road?” Gordon asked Dean, and Castiel turned away to pick up a basket and begin his shopping.
“Shame,” said Dean's mouth, “you look great.”
said Dean after a second, in the worst impression of a door creaking that Castiel had ever heard. He couldn’t help but drop his head and smile. If he’d still been that dark-haired kid, he’d have laughed until his sides hurt at the silliness of it.
The face was Dean’s own.
“So it’s a secret,” Castiel said.
“Castiel,” Sam repeated eventually.
“Easier said than done,” Cas commented. He was standing just far enough inside Dean’s space for the conversation to feel intimate, but far enough that they weren’t going to touch; for a moment, a wild thought sprang into flame in Dean’s mind, and he was picturing stepping right up to Cas and sliding his hand through Cas’ hair as Cas pulled him closer, and -
“Dean,” Castiel said, hearing his voice come out low with the intensity of his arousal. His own cock was so hard that it hurt with wanting to be touched.
“No, that’s – that’s everything.”
was himself. Because it had felt right. Because it
Dean let out a little grunt of surprise and came to a stop so suddenly that Castiel ran into the back of him – and then Castiel saw what had halted Dean in his tracks and tried to stand up straight, and play off his crash into Dean as just brushing something off the shoulder of his jacket.
He typed out to Charlie,
Castiel felt a slight smile easing onto his face.
Oh, god. His hand was on the door to the teachers’ lounge, and that was the last thing he’d thought. If that actually came out of his mouth when he tried to find something to say, he was going to have to move to another planet. Or the inside of a black hole.
He’d said,
“Cas…
Castiel didn’t say anything, but he gave a nod made small by emotion.
Dean looked back on their conversation. The way Sam had been so open to Dean being bi, but so confused and taken aback by hearing about the concert - it made sense. If Sam told Dean now that he was queer, Dean would be surprised but happy for him; if Sam told Dean that he was going to quit his job and become a singer, Dean would have a few questions.
The leaf landed, in the darkness.
There’s a different song I want to cover and I want to do it last. If Dean wants to be onstage, then that would fit in perfectly. Dean?”
“Who’s got the blanket?” she said.
Hair that thickened into fur, that ran down the length of two legs that each ended in a black cloven hoof.
Dean stood up without a word, and went over to her, and offered her his arm. The squeeze in Castiel’s chest deepened into pain as Lisa took it, and the two of them started to walk outside. At the door, Lisa looked back over her shoulder, straight at Charlie.
The low lights went down, and the screen lit up. Castiel watched Dean for a moment longer, and then squeezed his hand and settled back into his seat to watch as the first commercial begin to play. Dean followed his lead, his head a whirl. Castiel was still holding onto him. Dean held on back.
Dean tried to keep his face serious as he nodded along.
“She’s not,” Castiel said. “I met her yesterday. She seems like a very thoughtful and intelligent person. And kind, too.”
By the time he reached the end of the note, the mug had slipped out of Castiel’s hand and shattered on the floor.
“Of course they do.”
“You know,” Dean said, trying to keep his voice steady, “while I’ve got the chance, I just wanna say that… you know… you’re my brother.”
“It would be a lie,” Castiel answered.
Dean tried to remember what it was that he’d wanted to say. Tried to find a place to begin. Castiel, across the table, was watching him stoically.
They walked on down the aisle and then crossed into the next one, discussing whether they should get savoury snacks or stick with the cookies, and debating whether they should pick up some fruit to counteract the amounts of sugar they were preparing to ingest, or possibly even something more nutritious and substantial, an actual meal - possibly too ambitious, Cas said. They were zigzagging back and forth across the store in a gentle meander as they lazily declined to make up their mind in any kind of hurry. After a full hour, they had a basket full of sweet things, a box of grapes, and a pizza; Dean thought that would do it. They checked out, with Cas insisting on paying, and then left the store.
), and Cas was off again.
He needed it every time Castiel pulled a thoughtful face, or smiled, or licked his lips – god. Then, Dean drank twice.
“Okay,” he said. “Going to find the snacks.”
what they’d been pretty much from day
Castiel’s phone hummed.
“I don’t care,” Castiel said.
The bed wasn’t made, but at least there weren’t clothes on the floor.
“Cool. Cool.” Sam’s voice was matter-of-fact enough that Dean could feel the happiness behind it.
––––––––
Castiel sat up, and got out of bed. He went to his window.
“Dean… contrary to how it may have come across,” Castiel murmured, “I do like to take things slowly, most of the time.”
“Yeah,” Dean muttered. “But we could just do it on my laptop.”
Castiel puts down the secateurs he’s been using to prune the forsythia, and takes off his gardening gloves. He walks over to Dean, acutely aware of the fact that he’s wearing enough sunscreen to make his skin shine, the worn-thin, oversized blue t-shirt he found at a Goodwill that says
“I can get - the door,” Dean said, sounding rough, when Castiel put a hand on Dean’s chest, gently easing them apart. Castiel looked into his eyes; Dean pulled him in again for another kiss and Castiel didn’t want to stop him, wanted to kiss like this now and later and always, and -
He got out of bed and into the shower, feeling like a robot that had been badly programmed. Every movement was clumsily mechanical.
“Is it important?”
A hush fell.
“Nice one, Dean,” Ash muttered.
“Because. It has to be you. You’ve got… it just has to be you. And I guess because it’s dangerous.” Dean’s voice got even gruffer. “I’d be okay with making sure you get out. Even if I don’t. Don’t know I’ll feel that about anyone else who’d care to try this.”
“Jo?”
There was something there that wasn’t there, normally. Something that went a little deeper than just thinking the guy was attractive and wanting to spend a little time together, see where things went. Something about the tiny smile Castiel had given him through the window, when he’d realised it was Dean messing with his lights. Something about how it felt to be standing out here, together, just the two of them. Dean could feel his hands tingling. His heart was still racing.
And as he followed, Dean allowed himself a moment - just
“John Legend? One Direction? Oh my god, let it be One Direction, I am
“Fine,” he said mutinously.
Dean was a ball of blankets, resolutely not moving.
What now?
“Sad? Why would being engaged make him sad?” Todd said.
“Dean…” Castiel said. Dean moved a little closer to him to be able to hear him properly. “I… I thought things were going well today. I was enjoying myself a lot and it does feel strange that you weren’t thinking of it as a date, but you asked if it could be one, and – if that wasn’t a joke, then maybe we could…”
The dial tone hummed in Castiel’s ear. He found that his heartbeat was actually pounding a little hard.
“Oh,” Dean said. “Right.” Castiel couldn’t get a read on his expression. He didn’t look angry, at least.
“It’s your
Dean couldn’t help but smile back.
“Well,” Castiel said, “I don’t know your brother, but maybe next time you see him, you could tell him from me that I didn’t mean to lead you astray from his wishes.”
“Well,
“Cas? You okay?”
Castiel looks up at him, knowing his own tiredness is right there to be seen on his face – and his sadness, his hurt. Dean’s expression shifts, and he comes even closer.
“Oh… off and on,” Cas said, with a look in his eye that Dean couldn’t quite read.
And then he said,
“All he has to say is that he doesn’t want to do it,” Charlie said, “and you know I’d do anything to help him get out of it. But he won’t break it off, either.”
He ate, and then washed up after his breakfast and dinner from the night before. He opened up his fridge and surveyed the contents; still plenty of food to see him through the next couple of days, if he didn’t mind his meals getting a touch repetitive.
The crowd were getting into it, watching Charlie as she made her way to the stage, all the attention leaving Cas. Dean thanked her profusely in the quiet corner of his mind that wasn’t totally focused on Cas’ silent, unmoving figure slumped on the table in front of him. Hannah met Dean’s eyes over the top of Cas’ head, and shrugged with deep worry in their eyes. Dean swallowed.
Castiel swallowed.
“Yeah?” Dean said.
God, he was an idiot. He was such an idiot.
He looked back up at the house. And back to the car.
He finally located the source of the jingling – his own phone, lit up beside his pillow. Squinting, Castiel swiped across the screen and put the phone to his ear.
Gordon smiled at him as he paid, and asked how he was doing.
Castiel closes his eyes more tightly and focuses in on it, loses himself briefly in its rhythm.
“Me?” he said, in the same tone that he might have said,
“Dean, did you forget to take out the trash again?”
“Ha. Yeah, right.”
Dean stopped moving. He realised that he was breathing a little harder than normal. Just the idea that it might not be too late – that he could still do something, could still pull it back –
Castiel followed his gaze for a second, and then looked back to Dean.
He closed his eyes, and breathed out. And leaned into the touch.
“But you know,” Dean added, “you could’ve just appeared right next to me instead of a whole freaking mile away on a slippery sidewalk. That’s all I’m gonna say.”
“About Dean,” Jody said.
Teeth clenched, Castiel didn’t reply.
The wetness was rich and strong and musky. Castiel opened his mouth, and took Dean’s cock into it – just a little way, his tongue swirling against the tip, seeking the taste.
“The door’s still open,” Dean said.
“No,” Castiel said. “They’re outside the –”
“I want to help,” Castiel said. “I want to help you. I want to make this pain stop for you. How can I do it?”
“It’s kind of strange, actually. Like, it doesn’t feel great. Did you really have to hide it from me all this time? And with the fake girlfriend, too? Kinda feels like you were making me into an idiot. And I was trying to help with the dates and with relationship advice with Sarah, and actually you were going out and banging dudes or whatever.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean –”
“I’m supposed to serve you these papers through a disinterested third party,” Castiel said. Dean managed a wan smile.
“I, uh,” Dean says, his voice a little hoarse. Castiel tilts his head at a slight angle. “I, uh. I don’t know how to do this. When it’s you.”
Dean’s head dropped lower, pushed even harder against Castiel’s.
“What’s that,” Dean said. Castiel realised Dean had been watching his face. He swallowed.
“Who – are – you?” he demanded, round the edge of the searing through his mind, through his chest. “What do you want? Why did you come to my house?”
Cas was the only person left to sing, right?
And she was out of Castiel’s mind. He was alone. And in the moment before unconsciousness swallowed him, he felt the sear of a pain that was entirely his own burn into his chest.
He walked past the store. Gordon saw him, and came outside.
“Jesus. I’m sorry. I’m not, uh…” Dean swallowed, looking down at her, trying to believe that she was really there and what he said to her mattered, and he couldn’t just blurt out the first thing that came into his head, if it was going to be mean like that. He was trying to remember how to distinguish the difference between mean and funny, with a brain that felt as though it was limp and dead silent, but also yelling at him. “Maybe this isn’t a good time.”
A few seconds of reading later, he set the laptop back down. His hands were shaking slightly. So, it was because Castiel was the host of the Zoom call that the transcript automatically put all his private messages in, as well as –
“No,” Castiel murmured, when its sickening twists didn’t stop. “Oh, no. No.” He sat up, staring around him, trying to make sense of the dimly-lit, wrecked room he saw through blurry eyes. Sliding off the bed, he stumbled towards a doorway and found himself, mercifully, in a bathroom.
“You’re the jerk,” Castiel said, and it sounded too formal, and it made Dean laugh. Castiel reached out and shoved him in return. Dean’s arm felt strong and muscular under his hand.
Those three words that he’d kept locked, buried, secret - the words that had pushed against tight lips on long, quiet car journeys or at the end of phone calls or any time when he found himself alone with Sam - the words that had weighed on him, worried him, hurt him, twisted him. The words that he’d honestly thought he would never say out loud, in his life. He’d just said them.
pretty sunny. And he had them right there in his hand.
“So,” Dean started, looking the attendant in the eye, but Castiel cut in.
“You could sound happier about it,” said his brother.
“I already texted her,” Cas said, waving his phone. “But it’s fine. No one knew I was at the Ground Floor anyway, so we weren’t followed here. And no one knows what I look like.” A teenager in a hoodie gave Cas an odd look as she passed.
Castiel gave Dean a wry look, and then glanced away.
“Oh,” said Dean gloomily. “It’s you.”
“Put it down.”
“Don’t be,” Dean said bracingly. “Got all I need here anyway.” He picked up a bread bun and sliced it neatly in two. “Toasted bun?” he said.
“Still… sleeping,” Castiel muttered to no one. He lowered the phone, and put his head back on the pillow. For a second, he let himself imagine going back to sleep. But the image of Dean pushed into the front of his mind, waiting for him, and with a groan Castiel rolled out of bed.
that had changed everything.
“Maybe.”
He smiled.
“That’s Castiel,” Anna said to Dean, when he turned to look at her. “Oh my god… that’s him. That’s Castiel.”
“A wombat,” he said, and Dean laughed.
Cas said,
“Morning,” Dean managed, with around a quarter of her level of smooth professionalism. Her light grey jacket and dark pants looked expensive, and the lobby where they were standing was chic and modern and had a bonsai tree sitting on the front desk that was probably worth more than Dean’s rent for a month; all in all he felt just ever so slightly out of place. He was wearing the only coat he had that didn’t have oil stains on it from the garage.
Awkwardly, two fingers still looped through the handle of his mug, Castiel ripped open the envelope and pulled out the letter inside. On thick paper bearing the official Palace seal, there was a short note written in the same dark blue ink.
Rooted in inaction. Stuck in his seat. He had to leave, didn’t he – but to chase after Castiel, or not? He couldn’t. Could he? If Castiel had wanted to talk, he’d have stayed. Or if he’d met Dean’s eyes as he’d looked back, it would have been an invitation to talk outside. Maybe, if Dean were – fuck, if Dean were a ten-chili guy from a movie, he could go chasing out of there anyway and know that Castiel would be happy about it. But he was just… Dean. Clumsy. Awkward. Dumbass.
on the radio a couple of times. He hadn’t realised that Castiel was the one who sang it - Anna was right, it was so much slower and more emotional than Castiel’s usual style.
On the rooftop of Castiel’s building, Dean stood still and looked out over the city at night.
“I dunno if you can still get tickets… it’s kinda… sold out,” Dean said.
party.”
Bobby stood up, straightened his cap, and walked over.
“So it… she… she’s not mindless? Not just… all evil? She could be reasoned with?” Castiel thought for a second. “She was a
Castiel repeated back to himself, the words stinging.
“Gabriel…”
picture. Perhaps with a supportive caption.”
“Mmm. Come here.” Dean slipped his hand into Castiel’s and, when Castiel turned to face him, pressed a kiss to his lips. “I missed you.”
“Beyoncé?” Ash asked, in the same tone of voice, raising his eyebrows. Cas’ eyes snapped away, up to Ash’s face.
Together, half-shouting into each other’s faces in a way that barely scraped tuneful, they sang,
he knew he should say.
And now Dean was forty-one years old and walking down a street in Lebanon, Kansas, on legs that still felt a little new. The cold air was harsh; he took in a deep breath.
Castiel wanted to reassure her; he wanted to say that he was sure there was something, somewhere. There probably was, he was just being slow to think of it. But he didn’t think she’d want to hear about it, anyway – she had her bad-seeing eyes on, and she’d tear apart whatever he said. So instead, he handed her a plate to put away.
Dean held himself absolutely still.
“Not a bad plan,” Dean said.
“Castiel Novak,” Charlie said.
“Wait,” Sam said. “Wait. You’re serious?”
“Anna,” she replied.
“But?” he said, almost hopefully.
“You should talk to Sam,” Castiel said uncomfortably. “He knows Dean better than anyone.”
“I’m –” Castiel’s breathing was fast, their movements getting sloppier and more frantic. “I’m nearly –”
It was terse, but it was enough. The window that had briefly opened back onto the outside world was gently closed again, and Lisa poured them out drinks as Castiel handed around sandwiches. Dean’s mood visibly improved on the discovery, in his own backpack, of perfectly baked and carefully wrapped slices of apple pie.
“But… how is she so…?”
“Yep,” Charlie said lightly. “All kinds of things. Someone said you were doing karaoke in front of hundreds of people.”
“You’re sure there’s nothing you can do,” Dean said, looking at Jo, who sighed and then got to her feet.
Dean made a sound of disbelief.
“So,” said Ash, “anyway, Dean. Big day for you tomorrow, huh?”
“I spoke to the attendant at the chapel. He said everything was online already and it was locked in.”
Dean hovered his fingers over the keys. He thought again of Sam’s first reaction - the pause, and then the simple phrase.
Dean’s frown only deepened.
“Really?”
He could tell Castiel that he liked him.
Dean felt something shift inside him.
he told the camera, the bottom half of his face showing, but even his eyes blanked out by the feathered mask above.
This is just, like, how it would’ve been anyway. Just, he’s realised I’m not worth it a lot sooner than he could’ve done, right?” He tried to say it like a joke.
Somehow, it was only just dawning on him that the guy might really not be into the idea that Dean was about to propose. In fact, depending on how
to remember that.
to walk away.
“No. I’ve thought about it and it doesn’t change anything for me. Except I know not to try to make a move or something like that.”
“I mean… I haven’t dated anyone in forever and I’ve hooked up, what... once in the last year? And I haven’t, like, died.”
Sam, who right now could be watching that music video and learning things about Dean that would be making him pull a face of disgust. Make him close the tab like he’d caught Dean doing something dirty. Make him call off asking Dean over for Christmas. Dean felt suddenly nauseous, the panicked feeling from earlier looming at his back, threatening to swallow him back down. Dean cleared his throat, wrenched his thoughts away.
The words felt like smoke burning its way up his throat, billowing out into the car, siphoned out of his heavy chest. When they were out, he felt as though he could breathe a little easier, though the atmosphere in the car was thick with their hanging weight.
“I think I’ve had enough time alone, in fact.”
He sat up, and saw Castiel kneeling beside him, inspecting his own hands.
“Exactly,” Dean said.
In the silence, Castiel brought out the hand that had been behind his back. He swallowed hard.
“Yes, Sir.” The footman hurried away, while Dean moved for the stairs. He had a kind of lean, angry grace to him as he took the steps two at a time, Castiel following silently behind, still hearing his heart in his ears.
He left the kitchen, making a break for the door at a pace that was a poor attempt at balancing haste with politeness. Just as he was about to leave, his brain registered something he’d walked past too quickly to properly take it in at first; he turned with his hand on the front door, and saw Claire sitting on the stairs, watching him.
He warred with the worry that wanted to settle and squeeze around his body. And it was surprisingly easy, this time. He didn’t know why, but the panic didn’t linger.
The knocking came again. Harsh and insistent.
Warmth touched Dean’s eyes, rising up as though from a great depth. He began to move, at first taking care on the slippery sidewalk. But his feet hurried him, and he was walking fast and then he was almost running, caution forgotten, eyes on Castiel’s.
“No,” the man said hurriedly. “No, no, it’s okay. It’s all okay. I’m nothing like one of them. I’m just me. Just Dean. Look at me. It’s fine.”
Is it wrong, how much he wants to kiss Dean? The feeling is pressing, immediate, alive. It’s in Castiel’s blood, in his bones. If Dean doesn’t want him too, in the same way, does that make the feeling wrong? Or would it just be acting on it, making Dean aware of it, that would be wrong? But the feeling is a background hum in everything Castiel does. He acts on it even when Dean isn’t with him. He acts on it all the time.
“Good,” Castiel said.
“The wards are on the balcony,” he said. “Outside the bedroom. And downstairs, outside the front door. And outside the living room window.” As Dean moved to leave, he found himself reaching for Dean’s hand, the motion feeling natural after they’d held hands through the house – only curtailed by Castiel’s last-second memory that they’d only just met, and it wasn’t usually the way things were done.
“You seem angry,” he says. No more dancing around it. Predictably, Dean makes a face, as though the suggestion is ridiculous.
“But Balthazar…”
“Don’t worry,” Cas said, coming to his rescue, “I actually... completely agree with you. I don’t think he understands all that, either.” He swallowed visibly, Dean’s eyes dipping to watch his throat move. “Probably he just thinks that love only gets real and deep when it ends. And he’s mixing up the feeling of having someone walk away with the feeling of experiencing meaningful love. And he doesn’t have a clue how real it could get in the beginning, if he really felt what he thought he was feeling.”
"I only invited you because I thought you stood a chance of winning."
Dean almost choked on his coffee. He set his mug down too hard.
if you were wondering.”
Jo made a little noise of annoyance and scrolled back up on her Instagram feed to the picture the
“You could have tried,” he said.
“I’m sorry,” Sam said. Just hearing the words almost broke Castiel in two. Somehow, it had been easier to seem cool and unruffled in the face of the Queen’s quiet determination that things were going according to plan. Sam acknowledging that something was wrong was almost too much.
Dean had a sudden flashback to himself assuming that Cas had to be a mafia crime boss, when actually he’d just been wanting to say that he was asexual. Was it possible that ‘assuming someone is in trouble with the law when they’re actually just super freakin' queer’ ran in the genes, he wondered.
They’d been so easy in each other’s company. There had been something between them that had felt… good? That was lame. A lame word. But it was the best that his mind could summon up. Good, but not in a superficial kind of way. On the surface, yes, they got on well, but underneath there was a constant thrumming thread of
No. That wasn’t something Castiel wanted to linger on. Even though he cut off the thought, he felt a wave of something hot and prickling and furious roll over him.
During the time when Dean had been blanking Castiel, then, he’d been visiting their place together. Castiel didn’t know what to make of that. He put his hands into his coat pockets, and felt his fingers brush up against the ring on one side and the envelope of wedding pictures on the other. It felt like a century ago that Balthazar had handed them to him across the counter in the chapel’s reception.
“Dean, I want to help –”
Dean blinked.
“Because…” Dean could feel a little part of him starting to light up at the way Castiel was looking at him. He was genuinely waiting for Dean’s answer. He – he really – Castiel was serious? This was all serious?
“You sang so well. That’s why I’m glad it’s you doing the concert. Also for the audition, you were great. I saw the footage.” Hannah smiled at him, a little knowingly and a little shyly. It was an odd expression, one that Dean hadn’t expected to see. “It was really touching.”
“You’re gonna be fine,” she said quietly, sincerely, her hair tickling his ear.
Dean’s stomach dipped.
to be touched but wasn’t sure if he should want it. Split seconds where he lingered, before slowly moving himself away.
A snort was out before Dean could stop it. He stared down at the text for a second, trying to figure out how to react. He tried typing out a few things but everything he wrote sounded either too deadpan or too amused, all gushing; instead, he hit record at the side of the screen to send a voice message, and began to talk.
“Okay…”
It was only when he was done, and emptying the dusty vacuum off the edge of his porch, that he realised he was happy.
“Really,” Dean said. “It’s OK. I can just drive you.”
- Castiel. God, I can’t stand most of his stuff.”
Dean snorted.
“Okay,” he says. “So it’s like that. Great, Cas.”
“You can,” Castiel said. “Look, it isn’t all of who you are. It can’t be.”
With the Angel suit on, it was better. He felt stronger. Not just skin and bone, but a force to be reckoned with.
“You… you were in my class today?” he said, his heartbeat starting to pick up.
“About today?”
“I like some country songs,” he said.
“Yeah,” he said. “It does.”
Castiel set the pictures down, still in their envelope, on the sofa between them. He hadn’t looked at them himself, not yet – partly because he hadn’t felt as though he’d had time, but also partly because he hadn’t made the time. He had an idea of what he might see if he looked, and he didn’t think he was ready.
“Okay,” Dean said. He seemed to unwind a little further. “Okay.”
“I don’t know. Yeah. That’s all.”
“Shut up.”
“Dean,” he managed, shaking the guy’s hand. It was all he could do not to use that hand to pull this guy - Castiel? - back into a kiss. “Uh, Castiel’s not a name I’ve heard before.”
Castiel stopped, his thumbs hovering over his phone. What wasn’t it? Acceptable? Real? Permanent?
it read.
Once again, so very very many thank yous to
“Charlie,” Dean said. “What’s going on? What – did you… let this happen on purpose?”
Dean cocks an eyebrow, catching Castiel’s mood without his meaning.
Castiel didn’t leave the room as Dean got on with filling out the forms, though it was getting late and the sun was almost set. It didn’t feel right to go, and let Dean face sending off the papers alone. So instead, Castiel sat beside him.
He switched to his texting app, and read over the texts the hacker had sent him. And then went back to WhatsApp, and read Dean’s message.
They flitted sporadically from store to store, Dean picking things up and putting them down and trying them on and hating them and leaving and then going back half an hour later to buy them. Charlie followed him, an expression of vague amusement mingled with concern on her face.
“Yes.”
She sounded bewildered, genuinely confused. Castiel, who had been living for months in the web she’d just flown into, gave her a wry look.
With his brain working at roughly one-quarter speed, Castiel could only scowl at him.
“Uhhh.” Dean sounded floored. “Okay. Well, you’re… welcome?”
Dean drank his coffee while soaking up the quiet. For a whole minute and a half, at least. Charlie dropped into the chair that Castiel had vacated, and put her chin on her hand.
“Maine is good,” Castiel said.
“About staying?”
“The ghosts of your ancestors will probably kill me, either way.”
“Castiel insists we ask,” the woman said, catching Dean’s expression. “Which suits me great.” She bent her head down to her clipboard, scribbling something down. Dean nodded, and then wondered - had he read her right as a woman? Could he ask that now, or was it too late? He didn’t think he’d ever actually asked anyone their pronouns before; he’d either been told by the person themselves or the friend introducing him to the person, and he’d always nodded and followed along. The idea of asking felt awkward. But if he was misreading this woman - this person - he should probably ask, shouldn’t he? Though he was also unlikely to ever see her again after today…
“You retain the rights to your own land, which is… let me check.” There was a clicking sound. Castiel wasn’t sure if she was typing or picking her teeth. “One acre. So, on that acre, they will not be able to fell any trees without your permission. Unless you make the choice to sell, given that they’re offering a sum far larger than the one you paid for it…”
“Not complaining, are we? Like I said that you would, when you asked to go see the Eiffel Tower right now, this afternoon, even though it’s going to be way less warm tomorrow?”
“Maybe I should go,” Castiel said. “If this was just some kind of – of dare, or if you’re just making fun of me –”
“Oh, I can totally go…”
Sam said.
“Oh, you think?” Dean said, the question whipping out quicker than he'd meant. Cas was watching him, hands still clasped tight. “You think maybe, possibly, you could have mentioned it to me yourself, instead of waiting for one of your fans out there to tell me as soon as you started to sing?”
“Uh-huh,” Sam said. “Great.”
“– Anyway, yeah, how’s Maine?”
“Maybe this isn’t… maybe if we just go to the chapel, and say it was all a big mistake…”
“So – look. I don’t know what happened back at Angelus or why you’re out here, but I’m just going to state the obvious for a second, or I’ll feel bad the whole way home. This place is very creepy and I don’t like thinking about you being stuck out here by yourself without even a car to get out. If you want to pack all this stuff back into the Cullinan, you’re welcome to hitch a ride home. I won’t tell Ishim.”
looking, to be able to perform the role to maximum effect,” the stranger said. “Let me see. What do you think of that one, over there? I could ask them if they’d be willing to…”
“Maybe you should go with Lisa, then,” Dean said to her, and his tone was polite and friendly, but both Lisa and Charlie immediately coloured and Castiel himself froze at the slight.
“Still quiet,” he said, barely above a whisper. “Don’t move.”
’m dating them so they leave us alone.”
“Yes, Dean.”
And so they went home together. As they would do, from that point on.
“What’s wrong?” Castiel tries. But his stomach is sinking, even as he’s aching with terrifying joy at the sudden opening of all the doors he’d always thought were closed for him.
“What do you mean? I can’t be in it with you.”
Castiel swallowed hard. The Hunter tended to make it his personal mission to screw with Castiel every time they met, by tearing away at the organisation’s integrity - but this pointedness, this relentlessness, this lack of humour, it was different.
Hope you have all had a really good one!! Take care out there my friends, acquaintances, and pro wrestlers <3
“Dean’s holdin’ out on us,” Garth said, though he sounded as though he didn’t particularly mind. With a low grumble, the cars moved off.
“Why’re you really here?
“He’s around.”
Dean didn’t go to the teachers’ lounge the next morning. He had a free period, and usually he didn’t arrive at school until around eleven on the days when he wasn’t teaching first thing – but today, he was already on campus. Wearing a baseball cap pulled low over his face, and sitting at the back of Castiel Novak’s classroom.
knows about the rating. Look at him.”
Dean bent in closer. His head tilted.
For the first time since he’d arrived, Castiel left the clearing between the trees where the house crouched.
“Is it really worth your life?” Dean asked, putting on his most serious face.
onto Castiel’s welcome mat. There was no fanfare, no orchestral score, no explosions in the background.
“Yeah,” he said. “I really, really did.”
“W-wait,” Dean said, and Castiel pulled back.
These thoughts.
“Really?” Cas said.
Castiel’s mouth dropped open.
Castiel’s mouth twitched slightly to one side. That noise. It hadn’t changed since they were seven.
“Like… but you get me, right? What you said or didn’t say, it meant we’re both standing here right now, and it’s exactly where I wanna be. I mean, this is probably, like, teak or something.”
“You what?” Charlie said eventually, at the same time as Sam said,
“It’s the thing on your bed,” Charlie said, with more patience than Dean would’ve expected, which made him narrow his eyes. There was some part of this that he wasn’t going to like, and she hadn’t told him yet, and she was being nice so that he would be nice.
Wait, what?
“Come here,” Lisa said, holding out her hand.
“Charlie’s told my mom on us before,” Dean said.
. The building nestled against the trees, squat and vaguely friendly-looking. Castiel pushed the door open, and a bell jangled over his head.
Well, well, well. What do we 'ave 'ere, Inspector? Looks to me like we've got ourselves an update. Cor blimey, 'as it really been a week already? I reckon it 'as. 'Ope you all enjoy!! Next one'll be up round about same time next week, sure as eggs is eggs!
“She’s too dark,” Dean said. “She hurts people. So they always leave.”
“It’s never been like this with us,” Dean said.
Green leaves, white berries. A sprig of mistletoe. And Castiel had led him here. Now he was standing underneath it, looking increasingly nervous and awkward.
“You make me happy,” he said. He frowned. He hadn’t quite meant to say it that way – had meant to say something more along the lines of how it made him happy to be with Dean, with someone who’d just taken him coming out and not made a big deal out of it but not made nothing of it either.
Castiel stops talking, cuts himself off. Dean’s eyes search his face.
Dean looked over his shoulder at Castiel.
“Sort of,” Castiel said. “But Sarah… that part was too far.”
His body against Dean’s felt so right, just where it should be. Dean wanted to pull him in tight, tighter, tightest, wanted to climb into the crook of his neck, wanted to bury his face in Cas’ shoulder and breathe in that smell of soap and sweat, and Cas was still singing and his voice was a low rumble in Dean’s ear that he could feel in his chest.
“I…” Castiel stared at him, visibly lost. “I cook with chilis sometimes? But I wouldn’t use ten in one recipe, my spice tolerance isn’t especially good.”
Dean swallowed hard, and closed his messaging app. So long as he didn’t look at it, he could pretend that conversation had never happened, right? He could go back to thinking about how great things were going with him and Cas, and just exist in that happy little bubble. He didn’t have to think about videos with hundreds of thousands of views, or concerts that were coming up, or the fact that he was going to have to tell Sam about the video as well as everything else and Sam was going to have to watch his big brother making heart-eyes at an international superstar.
“Uh, little dark, maybe?” he said, but the laughter was still there in his voice. “Like, just a little?”
"I just…" Dean started, but was swiftly interrupted.
"It's a good story," Dean conceded, when Sam was done talking. "But, uh. Just one thing.”
There was a friendlier pause.
Everything was ruined.
“Come over here, Dean.” John stood behind Dean and lowered the shovel down to Dean’s height, so that they could hold it and move the snow together. Dean pressed his lips together and frowned as he followed his father’s movements. John’s coat smelled like smoke and the outdoors. They moved one, two, three, four, five big shovel-fulls.
“Um,” Castiel said, his mind still feeling barely functional. “Do I… have to answer that, to get you to undo it?”
“Dean…” Cas said, breaking it with a single word said carefully, like strong hands cupping an eggshell.
“I…” Dean let out a short, sharp little huff of a laugh. “What kind of world is it where a guy feels like this about a night with a beautiful woman, huh?”
Cas began to sing, and a different kind of hush fell on the room.
“Because…”
“Okay,” Dean said.
“I know. She doesn’t mean it. And she has some stuff going on of her own that’s less great, so.”
“I couldn’t,” Castiel said, trying to keep his tone even enough that it wasn’t too much of a confession.
“They’ll be fine. I’ll be there to help.”
Castiel shifted his weight back on the sofa so that he was sitting with his back pressed against the cushions, and Dean did as he was guided to do by Castiel’s hands, straddling Cas again, legs bent on either side of him in a kneel. Castiel kissed him, the kiss made darker and richer by the tastes in their mouths, the tastes of each other.
“Yes.”
Dean swallowed, hard. He began to unwrap the pizza, take it out of its cardboard box and protective plastic.
Dean found himself smiling, too, and then they were both just looking at each other and smiling and not saying anything, but it didn’t feel weird. It felt good. Or maybe it did feel a little weird, but it was the same wavelength of weird.
HE'S ABOUT TO DO IT. HE'S REALLY ABOUT TO DO IT. HHHHHHHHHH.
Dean’s grip goes slack in his own.
“I can’t believe this was one of the last places I checked,” Charlie said. “It’s been nineteen minutes that we thought he was missing. It took me nineteen minutes to ask you. Seriously, I’m losing my touch.”
Castiel stared after her, realising for the first time the true usefulness of having a reputation as a lonely and slightly stuffy nerd.
“I know the truth.” Dean put a hand on his hip. “So, are you… heading back home?”
There was a pause. Castiel could feel his heart beating a little fast. His phone was supposed to be a safe island that no one could get into, his own private space; having someone text him that they were inside it, had hacked it, felt like having someone in his bedroom rooting through his things.
“Great,” Castiel heard Charlie say. “Now, if we could get the kids outside…”
“I know.” Dean cast a glance forwards at his father’s back. He lowered his voice. “It’s okay. Just a little bit longer.”
“I didn’t,” Castiel replied. Anna was staring at him.
Manhunt.
“Oh. Shit.” Jo looked caught between amusement and guilt. She glanced around the room one more time, and then looked over at Castiel. “So,” she said. “Where’s your husband?”
“But you asked me to go to a movie with you,” Castiel said, more quietly. “And I thought… or maybe I just… I thought maybe you’d finally noticed how I felt, and –”
Dean was glad he was sitting down. He felt his heart swoop and swerve in his chest at the mention of judgement of any kind, even appreciation. His breathing was speeding up. Half a
“Oh, yeah? They a regular here?”
He was being ridiculous. What, did he
Outside the closet, he heard a footfall, and then a dragging sound. And then another. Coming up close to the closet door.
He went over to his fridge and poured out a little more.
Heartbreak, pure heartbreak – and Castiel had never had his heart broken, never felt an emotion skewer through him like this, but the instant he felt the rending in his chest he knew it for what it was. He screwed up his face and bit his lip to try not to cry out, felt it split under his teeth, felt a line of heat run down his chin. In his mind he was tiny. He was a clinging light. He was nothing but a moment, a wink of existence against the all-consuming dark. He struggled to breathe. He wanted to cry.
“For not liking the movie?” he asked.
last night. I just didn't tell you about one part of my life.”
“A lot of things are easier in the city,” Castiel said. “And faster, and louder, and more complicated.”
Castiel was smiling too, now, that ever-so-slight smile of his.
“Dean?”
“Nuh-uh,” he said. “This one’s on me.”
There he was again in Castiel’s mind – Dean, at the altar. Smiling at him. Not a big wild grin, just a little smile with his eyes all bright.
“We should get home, then,” he said.
Dean took a massive bite of burger, and let the juice dribble down his chin, a strand of lettuce trailing.
It printed out the host’s private messages.
“Dean, I swear to god, just tell me if it was worth it.”
It was the first time he’d strung the words together so plainly and for a second, Castiel stopped thinking at all.
Castiel gritted his teeth and walked onward.
“I might not…”
The room was a little smaller every time Castiel walked into it, he thought. He remembered the bunk beds as being so tall, but the upper one didn’t come above his chin height, now. Stepping further into the room, he looked out the window into the back garden. He saw things laid out for the activities Charlie had promised – big sheets of paper, paint pots, bowls of snacks, even a bouncy castle – but then they seemed to fade, and all Castiel could picture outside were two kids sitting together up on the far wall of the garden with their backs to him.
it. I hadn’t… not in years.”
“I could have tried harder to talk to you,” Castiel said softly. “I thought you must have figured out how I felt and decided you were better off dumping me. I could have tried to talk to you about it.” There was a pause, and then he said, “I’m sorry, too. Sorry I let you go.”
Castiel touched the tip of his tongue to the edge of his top lip for a moment.
“Dean,” said Cas, with a slight smile, “I don’t get in trouble with people. People get in trouble with me.”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “If you want to.”
“I see,” Castiel said. “And they didn’t – it wasn’t because – I mean, they moved, did they? Or did they… die?”
Dean thought his face might actually be going red. His arms felt too big. He met the guy’s eyes, and shrugged. This was ridiculous, he told himself. This was ridiculous, and it was also somehow the best part of the entire vacation so far, and he hadn’t quite lost that smile.
her. He pulled a little further away from Castiel, but not too far. Still close enough for their arms to be touching.
Dean’s mouth opens to form words, but he seems to stop himself. Castiel watches Dean swallow, and feels the familiar swoop and ache in his chest as all his crushing sky-sized love focuses into the smallness of the place on Dean’s throat that he wants to touch.
“That’s not how it works.”
“Sure, right,” Gordon said, to general scoffs and derision. “A movie.”
“No, I –” Dean paused, and then looked down. “I don’t know.”
He got up from the sofa and picked up his phone, flickering to the camera app. There was nothing he could do about the size of the television or the lack of pictures on the bare walls or the general sense of shabbiness that years of neglect had worn in, but still – he looked at the place through the camera, and felt a little silver shine of pride lining the edge of his mood.
When he got into the teachers’ lounge, he hurried past the coffee machine and headed over to where Charlie was sitting. She looked up at him, went back to her book, and then did a double-take.
Dean lifted his head. He took a deep, long, slow breath, and then looked at Cas.
“No,” Cas said firmly.
“Don’t call me that.” The word was nothing, usually, but coming out of his brother’s mouth it stung when the two of them had never been allowed to swear, growing up.
"Dude, you can't carry a gun round Coastal. You'll get kicked out of your school."
“I’ve thought for a long time that it’s really the only thing missing from your vibe.” Charlie grinned.
“I loved it,” Jo told him as he passed her. “You should do country more often.”
“Like… dating.”
There was nothing to do except look out at the sea. Fuzzily, as though he’d been shot and was waiting for the pain to start.
“Oh, are you now.”
“Can I…”
“You’re a college professor,” Charlie said. "With the most movie references of anyone I've ever met. And I know we don’t talk about this, but now you’ve annoyed me so I'm going to tell you: you’re one of the best friends that I have. You're interesting, okay?"
“You could do it,” Castiel said. “You just have to give yourself space.”
at the cathedral –” she started, but Castiel interrupted her.
Dean shifted slightly in his seat.
Dean’s breath caught. Castiel did it again, a little harder, and watched Dean’s toes curl against the floor of the barn.
“It’s Jess,” Castiel said. And opened his hand.
“Mm –”
“I didn’t pay so much attention as I could’ve,” Gabriel said. “Because I thought you were in safe hands. I thought you were okay.”
“Yes?” Jody said.
Fuck.
“You can,” Castiel said, “and you will. And I will.” He squeezed Dean’s hand tighter. “I’m in this with you,” he said. “I’m ready to spend the rest of my life with you, Dean. And that’s hopefully going to be a long time. Long enough for us both to make mistakes.”
“Charlie,” he said in his most serious voice, “you should never doubt that what you do is worth it. Even the smallest person can change the course of the future….”
Dean took a long, slow gulp of his milkshake, sucking the liquid up the straw so that it gurgled unattractively. He felt as though that made his point.
“So it worked?”
“S’alright. It’s not bad.” He glanced up at Castiel, and they smiled at each other.
Dean sang. He looked out at Cas, who was still watching Dean; beside him, Hannah was also staring over at him and looking impressed, while Charlie was nowhere to be seen and Jody was on her phone.
“Sure,” she said. “But you know, hand to mouth as you reach for cookies doesn’t count.”
Dean’s mind was a blank. He didn’t know how to take this feeling, this all-encompassing burning wanting yearning feeling, and turn it into words. He didn’t know how to ask for what he wanted without accidentally putting it out of his own reach in the asking. He didn’t know how to want in the way that received, only in the way that was hopeless.
Over in Castiel’s front room, there was a tree in the window. A tree that was so tall, and decorated so magnificently, that it was breathtaking. A tree that had lights on it that were - well, they were distinctively elegant. They were golden.
“Did you need something?”
They were standing so close. Dean didn’t seem to know where to look. He licked his lips, looking off to the side with wide eyes, and then bowed his head.
If the picture was there on the spire, it would be being replicated across every screen in the city. Dean had seen it before, he knew what this was. He knew what they called it.
“He likes keeping things small and in the family,” Donna said. “We really are like a family, his backstage crew. He’s a great guy, honestly. We love him to pieces. He gets absolutely hounded by the press and the fans half the time, but he’s got us.”
They could talk. They could fight. They could each walk out and never speak to the other again.
Castiel had to know that, after all these years. He and Dean had been best friends since they were seven years old. If something had been going to happen between them, it would have happened by now.
“Yes, love. You see, in days past, I could have ripped up the paperwork. Wink wink, say no more. But these days, it’s all online.” Balthazar raised his shoulders in an elegant shrug. “You’re in the system, so to speak. You and whomever you married.”
Dean stopped.
Cas nodded seriously.
“Dean… is something wrong? If you need my address… you know you could have messaged me and just asked for it?”
Dean let out a low whistle. His expression wasn’t judgemental when he said,
“What do we do?” Castiel said, ending the silence at last. He wasn’t exactly sure what he meant by the question. He only knew that he was in love, not if he was loved; he knew what he wanted to happen, not what would happen. It all depended on Dean.
Then again, he’d always hated the smell.
Castiel didn’t repeat himself. He only looked at Dean, his expression unreadable. Dean thought, from his body language, that he was on the point of leaving. Dean's own heart was pounding, suddenly and furiously.
“I’m just…” Dean managed. Charlie’s words were washing over him but not going in. “Look… I – it’s, uh, it’s nice of you to, uh –”
“What? No, no. Jesus. I just - I haven’t told you this whole time because I thought you might…” Dean broke off. Even saying what he’d been afraid of out loud felt like tempting fate, despite the fact that the moment had passed; it still didn’t feel real enough to be safe.
“It’s okay.” Sam’s voice sounded tired, but not unkind. “And you’ll be okay. You can go back to your body now. It’s safe.”
“Like…” Dean said, and then stopped again, and shook his head. “I don’t know, Cas. I’m not… you know.”
“Thank you,” Cas said, smiling at them, and they seemed to relax a touch.
“How’s Sarah taking it?”
That whirlwind, the one he’d thought was over, the one he’d thought had set him down - he could feel it scooping him back up again, just watching the excitement burgeon on Cas’ face. For a moment, there, he’d felt himself falling back down towards the ground, towards banality and a boring rest of the day at the garage; now, again, he was headed for the extraordinary. And he was doing it for Cas.
Castiel didn’t break eye contact with him. They watched each other for one second, two seconds – three. Dean tried to shape more words to fill the space between them, but when Castiel looked at him with those bright blue eyes, twitched his mouth upward just a little at the corners like that, when he seemed at ease or even happy in the silence, just to be meeting Dean’s eyes…
There was a weight to his tone that made the throwaway sentence come out a little too sincere. As though aware of it, Dean’s expression shifted into worry, but Castiel looked at Dean steadily. For few seconds, they were quiet.
He cleared his throat, and said,
“We’re both human,” he says, almost blurts. “I took out my grace. So we can be… so I can stay.”
“A librarian,” he said. “And your husband.”
And finally, thank you to YOU for reading! I hope you're doing well, reader. Whether you are or you aren't, know this: I think you're very cool. And I would love to give you some homemade apple crumble.
Someone near the back coughed.
“I knew when you stayed with me,” Dean said. “Through that night. When you didn’t leave me.”
“Such a romantic.”
“It must have sucked,” Sam said. “I just don’t… it sucks that you had to do it alone.”
“I’m on it,” Jo said; she already had her ph
“Maybe even three.”
Thank you for the kudos and comments on the last chapter!! I've been having a tough couple of months and reading through them put a big smile on my face. I really appreciate your kindness. <3
The man who, right now, was singing in Castiel’s rich, strong, totally unique voice.
If Lisa was confused about Dean addressing a member of his staff who was standing by the door instead of speaking to his own mother or fiancée, she didn’t show it. Instead, she also turned to Charlie with her pretty smile widening.
“Ah. Right. Thank you.” He rang off, and then sighed when he realised he’d forgotten to ask about the cleaning company.
“Auditions,” he read on it, “are open by invitation only for a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Come along to the Ground Floor Theatre for the chance to get up on stage and sing a duet at the Austin, Texas show of the one, the only… Castiel?” Dean said the last name in disbelief. “Dude… I literally told you…”
“You never met him,” Jo said, squinting back down at her phone.
“It’s not cool, man. What, is this supposed to make amends for lying about Sarah? The fact that you were hiding something else, too?”
“And the al
“So... what do you like?” he asked.
Dean snorted. “Nah, c’mon. You’d have, like, the biggest wings, all elegant and shit.” He opened the passenger door and held it open for Cas to get in.
All that mattered was the person on the ground and the figure standing over them, who had just drawn a weapon - a lightknife, if Dean were to guess, and then the blade crackled and spat into life and it wasn’t a guess anymore. Dean hissed a breath in through his teeth as he stole down the alley, keeping close to the building. He’d gone unnoticed so far, and he wanted to keep it that way. Lightknives were nasty. He wanted the snout of his gun pressing against this asshole’s head as their introduction - no time for them to turn the blade on him.
“Why not?”
Up onstage, the song changed. Dolly Parton was switched for some Whitney Houston, and they both paused to clap along and listen for a moment. Dean glanced over and saw that the guy - Cas - looked enraptured by the figure on the stage, who was wearing a clingy red number and a golden sparkling wig, belting
He looked across at Dean, who was swirling the remainder of his whisky, his expression hard to read as he looked down at his own legs, tapped a finger against one of them. He looked thoughtful, but also angry – or maybe confused.
“There are going to be too many good singers,” they said ruefully. “Castiel will never hear me.”
He jerked awake, and his bed was empty.
The feeling was so sharp, so easy to understand, when the scar of hurt inside him was singing it to him. Like knowing he was deep in seawater by the burn of an open cut in the salt.
Fun. There wasn’t a lot that could take the edge off the things he’d seen in the Underlight - the hollow cheeks, the limp bodies, the desperation in people’s eyes, the hopelessness - Dean swallowed. There wasn’t a lot that could distract him hard enough from that to make things bearable. But maybe tonight, he’d be able to feel interested again in having some of that kind of fun. People expected it of him. He expected it of himself.
“It’s me,” said the Angel. “You’re welcome for the sol-panels, by the way.”
He’d have said all of it to Cas. Because he just would’ve, he didn’t know why. But with anyone else there, it felt like he couldn’t.
“I’ll be okay,” Dean said. “I’ll call you. I swear.”
“Well,” Castiel said, “we never got married before, did we.”
With that same little smile on his face, Castiel typed out,
And then thought some more, and made a hand gesture, as if asking of no one,
“Well,” Dean said.
There was dead air for a second. On Dean’s laptop screen, he noticed Sam was looking back up at him again, a definitely disapproving expression on his face.
Would she have ever let the match happen, Castiel wondered, as her sentence was left hanging. Even if she’d known the way that he and Dean felt about each other, would she still have prioritised Corelia over the two of them and their happiness?
Castiel tried the oat milk the next morning, and didn’t think much of it.
“I think you’d make sure someone else got out,” Castiel said. “Not just me.”
“Again?”
“Castullus?”
"Rating?"
“Anyway,” the Queen said, sitting up straight, her composure returning with practised ease. “Tomorrow, I’ve arranged for Dean and Lisa to go to visit Saint Crispin’s together, and I’ve invited the press. Some PR work should make up for lost time. I should have realised months ago that Dean hadn’t even met with Lisa, but I’ve just been – you know, with the summit only finishing last week, I just…”
Castiel managed a smile at that.
“Nothing,” Castiel says. He holds tighter. “Nothing.”
“I know you. You couldn’t make it two days in a forest.”
He was going to make a total ass of himself by just walking off the stage without having sung a note.
Dean was staring at him. They were standing in his apartment in New York, he knew they were, but it looked empty and pale and different to how he’d left it.
“You would not believe how often.”
“I dunno.”
“Yes, Ma’am,” Castiel said quietly.
Now Gordon was looking right at him, and Dean had gone very still at his side.
“And we can keep it that way.”
And then the video was over. It was done. He shut off the phone, and breathed out. Dean had finally seen what over a million other people had seen.
“The Hessel’s Hairstreak,” Castiel said, “is an endangered species in Maine.”
Dean opened his mouth hesitantly to try to formulate an answer – Castiel could practically see the math equations floating in front of his eyes as he tried to piece together a response – and then he caught sight of the slight smile on Castiel’s face, and grinned.
“Wow. Wanting to be around me is strange, huh. What a compliment.”
Castiel glanced across the car at Charlie, who had been watching Lisa – but she blinked and gave him a tight smile when she felt his gaze on her. He returned it, and then went back to looking at his hands. There hadn’t really been time to talk about it in amongst everything else that had happened, but it was out of the ordinary – more than that, it was almost unimaginable – to think of Charlie deciding to get drunk while she was supposed to be working. Any other time, it would have been all he’d be thinking about, wondering if Charlie was alright and if she was under too much stress. As it was, Castiel didn’t even know how to add another problem to the pile.
Dean nodded to them with a smile in parting, and headed towards the doors to the theatre itself. It was surreal, somehow, to be back in this place - so soon after the auditions, and yet it felt like a lifetime ago that he’d last been here, hoping to catch a glimpse of the guy he’d met in the bar the night before. The guy he’d been about to find out was an international megastar. The guy he’d been going to run away with, out a window.
“Y’all are weird,” Ash said. “You gonna get in a round, Winchester?”
“But if I don’t get what’s going on with you, then how are we supposed to stay friends,” Dean snapped.
“Huh,” Charlie said. “Is that a twinkle of confidence I see in your eye?”
“You should go with them,” Dean said to Cas, looking over at him; Cas’ eyes widened slightly, and he shook his head just a little.
“Liked you like what?” Castiel said, sounding startled over the phone. Dean made an actual grunt of frustration.
He leaned one shoulder up against the wall of the movie theatre, facing the direction of the parking lot.
Castiel didn’t think.
“Don’t swear. It’s rude.”
Cas blinked, seeming to connect his
“What, me?” he said immediately, and loudly. “No, Ash - I already sang when I was in here last time - ah, man, if you insist.” He stood up, and wrapped his arm around Ash, leading him away from the table before he could try to push for a duet.
“I got it. Don’t even worry.”
“Nah.”
“I’m sorry,” he said instead.
They were watching TV on the big old box in the living room. The signal wasn’t too bad, and they’d managed to find a documentary on whales that they could both settle into. The narrator was talking in a voice slightly fuzzy with static, describing the migratory pattern of a mother whale and her calf.
mess, so to speak.”
he doing? Hadn't he spent literally the whole of the past couple days reminding himself that dating was dumb and always went wrong? Why had he even thought he could try this? "I don't know," Dean said.
“Yes?” Cas said, waving the blue shiny packet. “No?”
“Cherry pie... pecan pie... apple pie,” Sam checked off, as if by rote. “Dean, do you think there's any way I could forget at this point. Seriously. Everyone knows. People on the street hand me pies to give to you. It’s beyond a joke.”
“Are you all ready for today?” Castiel asked, picking the roll back up off his own plate and passing it towards Krissy without looking at her. She’d refuse it if he offered in words, Castiel knew, just like Dean would – but with the focus of the table on Castiel’s question, she quietly took the roll out of his hand and dropped it onto her own plate, and handed him back the one she’d taken.
“Just because,” he said, in the end. There were too many reasons to explain. Too much. Gordon didn’t seem put off by the answer, though. He proffered the mints.
“Not much.”
“It wasn’t,” Castiel said, sounding as though horror was dawning on him.
“Chili,” he said. “I love you.”
Surely Dean couldn’t go ahead with the royal wedding. He had to break off the engagement. There was no one else in the world who could make Castiel look like that, and he’d never seen Dean seem so much at peace, either. And yes, Dean making a good match was important, and yes, Dean needed to preserve his reputation to be a good king. But he wasn’t just a royal, he was a person, and he deserved happiness, and Castiel thought – after looking at those photos – that maybe they could be happy together.
“No,” Castiel said, “no, there aren’t any in there. What are we even running away fr…”
“Nothing,” he said. “Nothing. And we’re not… we’re not actually married anymore.”
“Cas,” he said.
Castiel asked.
Dean grinned at the sound of Sam's voice, tinny and crackly through the old phone that he used to stay in contact with his brother. It had only worked twice before in the years Sam had been away, the connection was so poor. Dean was sitting in the quiet South Mid, perched on a balcony that belonged to an empty apartment. He was high up enough to be beyond the creeping glow of the Underlight, beyond the blanket of smog that blocked out all the sunlight - and still low enough that hardly anyone lived here. Or rather, thousands of people lived here, but the place had been built over three centuries ago to house many hundreds of thousands of people, and so it felt all but deserted, much like the Underlight.
Castiel, who had been making himself and Dean some coffee in his kitchen, leaned over to kiss Dean’s cheek before heading down the hallway to retrieve it. He had two empty coffee mugs still in his hands, which he only noticed when he reached his front door and realised he had no spare hand to pick up the post with. He hooked the fingers of one hand through the handles of both mugs – one that said
About halfway into the movie, Castiel leaned over.
“It's a lot to take in,” he said.
“If you’d just come here. You could tell me what I’m supposed to do. All I want is…” Dean’s eyes searched the backs of the cars he passed as if their number plates were esoteric texts with all the answers, all the things he needed to say. He breathed out. “I don’t know how, man, I don’t know what to do.”
No. He needed to focus. The lawyer. Raphael. Why had she come? What had she needed? It had to be something criminal - Dean couldn’t think of a legitimate reason why a high-power lawyer might be sent down here. And if this place was housing some kind of criminal activity, Dean needed to stop it.
There was that little smile again, and Dean’s heart thudded in his chest.
“Whassat?” she mumbled.
Castiel said nothing, words seeming to fail him.
Dean’s face seemed to fall. Maybe he’d been hoping Castiel would insist on selfishness, demand that they elope. A part of Castiel still wanted to.
“We should call and tell them we’re not coming,” Castiel said at one point.
In the bed was a lump that Castiel recognised as Dean himself. Approaching the bed, Castiel heard the regular, slow breathing of sleep, and rolled his eyes.
Castiel didn’t say anything. He turned to face the window, and watched in the reflection as Dean paused at the door to stare at him, and then left.
“Don’t come back,” Dean said.
Dean snorted at the texts from Charlie, and typed out a slower reply.
“Thank you?” Sam sounded taken aback. “What for?”
“I’m not leaving,” Castiel replied, as Dean walked a little cautiously up to the house’s door and then stepped past Castiel to go inside.
“Castiel?” This time, it was Donna’s voice from inside. Castiel spared her, Claire, and Jody a glance as she came to stand in the doorway, her expression confused, and only becoming more so when she caught sight of Dean. “What on Earth –”
“You mean you weren’t paying full attention to the whales?” Castiel said with a touch of dryness, and Dean pulled a serious face and turned back to the TV.
“It’s not great,” Dean said.
Dean took one last second. One last moment of silence. One last time to breathe as Dean Winchester, the guy who wasn’t out to his little brother.
“Yeah, Sam. Younger.”
Wishing, for the first time in his life, for a nex. Watching his own lifeblood spill out of his body, close-up, horrifying, nightmarishly unstoppable, and wishing he had one of those silver panels in his head to give him a shot of adrenaline that could save his life, give him enough to get up the stairs and into an elevator, back to the Up, or just to a med-bay in the Underlight, even -
“Is all well?” he asked. They stopped to look at him, expression caught between confusion and defiance.
Castiel pressed his forehead more firmly to Dean’s, and let out a breath that was almost a laugh.
“The yellow ones,” he muttered, keeping his voice down in case the people inside the apartment heard them talking. “Those are adrenaline, not insulin. Just leave the green ones.”
, he said back.
It was all going just fine until Castiel got involved.
“Because,” Castiel says, a little taken aback, “I want…
“Right,” Charlie said. “Um –”
The text from Charlie came back quickly.
“You were upset, dude. It’s okay.”
“Yes,” Castiel managed.
“This is the place,” Hannah said, sounding sorry about it.
“Right. Just… what if the lawyers you’ve found are the ones who leak it?”
“You’re back,” he said blankly, just to say something, because immediately leaving the room didn’t seem like it would be a good idea – however much the nervousness in his brain was insisting that this conversation wasn’t going to go well, and he needed to bail.
Damn. Damn, damn,
Here, he knew no one. The judges were here to evaluate him. The rest of the singers were his competition. If he was bad, would they still clap him at the end? Would they laugh halfway through?
“You’re a disgrace,” Anna Celeste interrupted. And even through the crackling of his every nerve, Castiel felt something in him go cold. The pain he carried, as though it had been waiting for his call, found its target. When he spoke, every word was sliced to neatness by the hurt inside him.
Castiel’s chest was aching. He thought he might throw up.
The doors swept open with an elegant sigh; immediately, Dean’s sanctuary of quiet was filled up with the thick beat of one of the new screamer songs, and he stepped out into a low-lit, high-ceilinged room with balconies and daises raised up, where people in glittering, holographic outfits were dancing and laughing. Glittering all-night sparklers were floating through the air, and rainbow party smoke was being huffed out over the crowd by a huge open vent in one corner. Everyone was in million-credit shoes, million-credit dresses, million-credit necklaces. Dean adjusted the sleeves of his suit.
When the song finally came to an end, and Dean breathed out a sigh of relief in sync with his counterpart in the video, the editors stretched out the hush again before finally letting everyone clap him.
And it also meant that when Cas was alone this Christmas, he would be spending Christmas alone possibly for the first time. He’d be used to having his makeshift family all around him, and this year he’d have no one.
Castiel lifted a single finger. He mouthed,
Dean’s mouth fell open.
“Well,” he said. “I dunno. I mean. We are kinda old for it. Aren’t we?”
“I’m gonna need a little bit of help for this one, though,” Charlie was saying on the stage. “And I happen to know someone here tonight also knows this song particularly well because we scream-shouted it across her apartment last year after her girlfriend broke up with her. Jo?”
"Actually, not far off."
Dean glanced at him, humour in his eyes, as though he also was aware what people would think if they could hear Castiel taking the time to ask. He shrugged.
“It feels good,” Castiel said. Dean’s smile widened.
“Maybe I’ll have to put on the…” Dean gestured at his face as though putting on a mask, and Cas nodded.
“What did you get me?”
“And of course, obviously, it had to be him you asked, Mr Ten freaking Chilis. Mr Magical Pepper Man. Mr Wow, Look At My Blue Eyes.”
“Uh,” Dean said gruffly. “Uh, good, okay. Yeah. Good.”
“When you’re emailing,” Charlie said, “you can just pretend it’s someone completely different, anyway, right? And I’ll help any way I can.”
There still were next times, Castiel thought. He’d promised to be Dean’s friend after the wedding. They could still spend time together, like they always had done. Still laugh and talk. No one could object to it, they weren’t doing anything wrong.
His face had healed. It had taken a while - he’d refused any medical attention. He’d had enough of things he didn’t understand poking and prodding into him for now, at least.
What did it even matter, anyway? It was just a city. A thing. Stone and cement and steel. Mariport had no heart. No soul. Mariport couldn’t look into Dean’s eyes as though it had never been truly happy until the moment of their union. Why did it matter at all compared to what there could be between himself and Dean? Castiel had never been more sure that there really and truly could be something between them.
And Castiel wanted to hear it. But he couldn’t. Not after what Mary had told him. Not now that he knew it was impossible for their marriage to last.
the judge - Balthazar, hadn’t that been his name, something weird like that - said as a voiceover, while footage of them all lining up to go onstage played. The camera operators had been cleverer than Dean had realised; they’d captured shots always either with someone blocking Cas from view or else from behind where Cas was standing, over his shoulder. Cas hadn’t been wearing the mask, not at that point, but his face wasn’t being shown.
“Dude…” Charlie said, looking taken aback.
Standing beside Castiel, though, it did feel a little different.
Dean snorted, just at the familiar set-up.
“You’ll use razor wire in places I’d never have imagined?” Dean hazarded, only half-joking.
“So… Sam… how did it go?”
Except perhaps, just for now, maybe he had the right to feel a little cheated on by his own husband. Castiel felt a sardonic smile curve up the corners of his mouth the barest quarter-inch.
“Uh,” Dean said. “Huh?”
“You can ask anything,” he said quietly.
He didn’t stop.
he might use to verify Dean’s thoughts on the weather.
He managed a smile.
“Ah, well... Castiel ain’t bad at all,” the seller replied diplomatically, with a nod to Cas, who paid no ostensible attention.
And so it begins! I hope you enjoy! Chapter 3 will be up next Friday, the 19th of April. You can subscribe to the fic if you want a notif for when it happens, and I will also light the beacons, so watch for a fire burning in the west. Or the east. Maybe even the north, depending on where you live.
The room exploded as Dean half-sang, half-shouted the last words, one hand in the air, a fist. The victory, the triumph, the total vicious hope and longing and yearning of it, coursed through Dean like he was still back in that town and dreaming of a moment like this, a moment where he could be up in front of a bunch of cheering people who accepted him for who he was, and singing, and feeling so strong - God, if he could show that lost terrified hard-man kid who he’d turn into, what he’d get to be tonight -
“I know, I just… I didn’t want to…”
“I got yours,” Castiel said.
As though a spell had been broken, Castiel breathed out.
“Game night,” Sam repeated as, onstage, the Dolly wannabe hit a high note.
“First,” said the officiant, “let’s get the formalities out of the way.” She smiled, a touch apologetically. “If anyone here knows of any reason why these two people should not be married, I ask you to speak now.”
Castiel cooked himself lunch. He ate it. He washed up. He sat on his couch. He listened to some music.
There was a silence. Dean glanced over at Charlie to see her looking intently at her book, no longer listening. Surely she had to see it too, though, didn’t she? The slight upward curve on Castiel’s lips, the barest hint of a smug smile that he was keeping inside. The way he oh-so-casually picked up his drink and sipped at it. Now that Dean really watched, it all looked way too good not to be calculated. The guy was clearly milking this new ratings thing for what it was worth. Broadcasting to every other teacher in the lounge that he was the big guy on campus.
“It’s a thing. Charlie sorta went on an accidental date with her ex.”
“You did it too,” he pointed out. Dean shrugged.
“Yeah? What right did they have to make you feel crappy about being who you are?”
Castiel reached up, and put his hand over Dean’s. For a second, it looked as though Dean was going to soften into the touch, move nearer – his head tilted the barest inch, his eyes flickered –
” he sang, feeling out a melody, shy even though he was singing alone.
He turned to look over his shoulder, just as, behind him, he heard the man fling open the door to the closet.
“I’m just…” Dean said.
He wanted to be Castiel Novak, up-and-coming junior partner at Angelus and Sons. Not whoever he was now, in the back of this ridiculous car with its smooth ride and seats so comfortable it felt like sitting on a breath of air from the lungs of a god.
“Well,” Dean said, “probably you...” His throat seemed to close up with sudden nerves, and that was as far as he got.
“She knows,” Castiel blurted out.
He glanced over to one side, and saw Charlie standing unobtrusively between two pillars, gazing at the bride as she walked.
“She sent me a text last night about how proud she’ll be on my wedding day.” Dean swallowed hard. “I can’t let her down, Cas.”
He broke off. He couldn’t say it.
“That sounds dangerous,” she said. “There’s your usual room prepared for you, like Dean asked. Shall we? I’m guessing you wouldn’t mind sleeping off the… Bombs.”
But maybe that meant Dean needed someone else to care about his happiness more than he did himself, so that he eventually could be happy, someday…
Castiel squinted. He typed back,
“But she’ll find out anyway,” Castiel said quietly. “If we don’t get the pictures pulled.”
Spoil the fun? Castiel gives Dean a look that he hopes is eloquent, and Dean rolls his eyes.
“Yes,” Castiel said, and headed for the door. Dean got there slightly before him and pulled it open – and before he could stop himself, he was holding it so that Castiel could go through first, and giving him a grin on the way through. Castiel’s expression in return was just a little smile, but his eyes were bright and Dean thought that maybe he’d liked that.
Cas’ smile softened, turning shy.
And she’d said,
A deep voice.
Urgh.
“I don’t know. Whatever people do when they like each other and they’ve already saved the whole city together. Go get pizza, maybe.”
Dean held out his hand for Castiel to take. Castiel ignored it, and got himself to his feet. The Hunter turned away as though he hadn't even really noticed, kicking the foot of the guy they'd taken down.
His next indrawn breath came shaky. He shouldn’t have done that. Why had he done that?
“I’m going to be king of the cameras,” Todd announced, his mouth full of cheese.
“Uh,” Dean said. He gestured with one hand at the newspaper on the table. “There are some pictures in there of me ‘n’ Cas. Holding rings. They’re saying we got married in Vegas. All the papers are saying it, pretty much.”
No response from Cas.
“Well,” Hannah said, “I panicked and stole paper towels from a janitor’s cart, so. Who’s the real fool, here.”
And Sam had missed him.
Castiel took a moment to answer.
something. It can be like a miracle. The miracle of life. Well, you know, uh - robot life. You’re all like… like parents making babies. You have your creativity…” Dean held up a finger. “... And you have your knowledge…” On the other hand, he made a circle with his index finger and thumb. “... And you just gotta…”
“Didn’t think it was you, either,” Dean adds after a half-beat. He reaches up unselfconsciously, and then seems to realise what he’s doing at the last moment, and awkwardly flicks the brim of Castiel’s hat with the back of one finger before taking a step away. “Didn’t think you’d ever go in for… you know. Whatever this is.”
Castiel set his jaw. He kept his hand soft. The butterfly opened and closed its wings, and he felt the brush of Jess’ touch against two of his fingertips. He was on fire on the inside, immolating. Outside, he was marble.
“Urgh.
“Uh…” Dean said, explanations and responses flitting across his mind half-formed - what should he be, funny, honest, denying all knowledge? Dean couldn’t deny that he immediately liked the look of the guy and didn’t really want to lie to him, but he fumbled for a way to be truthful without sounding pathetic.
As he’d remembered, his first line came out raspy and thin, terrible; the camera cut to the rest of the singers in the audience, showed Anna looking nervous for him and Meg making a face, while Kevin winced. Dean himself found his face screwing up in embarrassment. He had to pause the video, the shame flooding him.
“Cool. Well, I’ll talk to you later, then.”
“Nasty.”
Dean had never been so happy to be walking across a parking lot with plastic bags cutting grooves into his hands in the cold. He couldn’t stop taking glances to his right, at Cas, who looked lit up from the inside, striding across the tarmac like it was a red carpet. Seeming to feel Dean’s eyes on him, he looked across, and Dean grinned at him.
“Last time we were there, they said they might be adding pecan pie to the menu.”
Castiel knew he should tell him. It would be so easy to just mouth it across the cabin right now –
“The country needs you,” Castiel said. He thought he saw Sam smile wryly out of the corner of his eye.
with it. I could make a moving spoon or a toy dog or whatever. Or, uh… something really cool, like seriously cool. Like a guitar that… that plays itself. Just really, really, uh, you know. Cool.” Dean mimed dramatically strumming a guitar, curling his lip a little just to really emphasise the coolness of it. “Yeah.”
But Dean… Castiel knew it was different for him. There were things that Dean didn’t allow himself, for a tangle of reasons that Castiel only barely understood. Dean didn’t let himself touch. Dean didn’t let himself speak. Dean didn’t let himself look.
As he stared at the screen, something caught his eye. Dean sat forward on his sofa, gripping his laptop as he scrolled down further. Another message.
“Not at all. I was glad you asked.”
How had it been translated?
“Is she in the tree?” he asked.
“I see. Yes, of course.”
Hannah gave him a thumbs-up through their mouthful and then pointed at him.
is she.” He pointed to a footman in uniform. “Please go and check for Charlie Bradbury in her office.”
It was enough. It was
With a few longer strides, Castiel caught up to Dean and walked nearer to him. He could hear Dean’s breathing, see the way his jaw was still held taut. If he could have done anything right now, Castiel thought, and been anywhere, he’d have run his hand down Dean’s jaw and watched it loosen. Watched his eyes go wide. Felt the softness of Dean’s skin under his fingertips, coarsened here and there by stubble. He’d have said Dean’s name. And Dean would have said –
The closeness – Castiel has always thought it might be jarring, if it ever happened, to be in Dean’s space like this. Something he’s wanted for so long and imagined so many times that the reality would be strange. But it’s not strange, it’s – it’s just a little slow, and hushed. It’s so quiet in the garden as they come together. Hand touching hand. Then arms reaching up. Castiel’s eyes tracing the lines of Dean’s face, finally having time to do it in as much time as he chooses, because Dean’s going a pleased shade of red under his gaze.
Castiel snorted. They were sitting out on the front porch of the house, each on a low-slung wicker chair that Castiel had found out the back, with the hanging ward of garlic and silver and mirrors swinging above them. And they were more than one glass each deep into the whisky, but not so many that Castiel wasn’t able to think clearly. Not so many that he couldn’t enjoy the cool of the night on his skin, or know that he’d remember every second that they spent talking out here.
"Right, right, the routine. Yeah. I forgot. Definitely more important than getting meds to a sick kid in a hurry. You know, sometimes we're on the same page," he said, getting to his feet with a groan, "and sometimes we just aren't."
“A few days ago,” Castiel said.
Castiel wasn’t sure he wanted to hear the end of any of those sentences. He stared at Dean, his jaw clenched tight.
A sudden, sharp spike of resentment struck Dean in his chest. Why did he have to be himself? Why couldn’t he be someone better, more intelligent, more attractive, with his life actually together? Why was he stuck being this ridiculous clumsy person that no one could stand to give a shit about for long, except the people who had to?
“My milkshake is half finished,” he said. “When yours is too, do you want to pour it into mine and mix them so you can have your favourite flavour?”
“Hey,” Dean said, ducking his own chin slightly to catch Cas’ eyes, and hold their gaze. “You know I meant that, right?”
“You just look like you,” Castiel said.
“What?”
“Okay,” Jody said, “and how are you, really.”
A Hessel’s Hairstreak.
In Castiel’s hallway, half-stumbling, was Dean.
“No?” Dean says, looking at Castiel, asking with the single word whether Castiel doesn’t want anything that just happened. He puts his hands up just a little way, maybe a surrender, maybe just a gesture to show he isn’t touching.
No, he was safe, it was good -
The star-shaped sign hummed and buzzed. Its light trembled. The door beneath it was a small one, just a single panel of steel. There was no reader, no scanner. Dean put his hand on the door handle, and pushed down.
“So. What are we seeing?”
Castiel took Dean in a little further still, and then let him ease outward. And then back in, and out.
“Who?”
Now Dean looked exasperated, as though the answer was obvious. Maybe it was, Castiel thought.
Castiel had been lost in the flurry of trying to fix their mistake, and the argument that had led up to it suddenly came back to him. The curt rage and helplessness in Dean’s voice. The way he’d seemed to deflate as soon as Castiel had said that the marriage meant something to him.
“The control seems to be working fine,” Castiel said.
“Yeah, this is most of it,” he said. “Just the kitchen, bathroom, bedroom down there.”
“Right,” Dean says. “Yeah.” He looks up at the sky, which is still an overcast grey.
“That’s because we only watched one
Still nothing from the lawyers.
Jo grinned.
Just thinking about that was worth another sip of whisky. Castiel frowned down into his glass as he swallowed.
“Is he backstage?”
“Cowboys and pirates,” Castiel said.
Oh, god. His tongue was thick and awful in his mouth. And his head was throbbing in time with his heartbeat, which was loud in the ear pressed up against the pillow. He tried to move, and his stomach protested even more loudly.
“But your grace, man,” he says. Castiel looks down at the ground. He knows he should have expected this. But somehow hearing the words still takes him by surprise.
The cushions were in threads and the curtains hung in tatters, their thick brocade sweep still haughty despite the raggedy holes. The sofa was stained dark brown all along one side, and one of the legs was propped up by a book with a ripped spine. Opposite the sofa was a television on a table, and Castiel stared at it. It was just about a cube, almost as long as it was wide - had they even made televisions this clunky since the nineties? In Castiel’s mind swam a picture of his widescreen HD TV that he’d had in his apartment, glossy and slim and mounted on a wall that didn’t have dried-out peeling floral wallpaper.
“Harvelle. You know.”
“... Yes,” Castiel said. “To get her things.” His eyes were falling out of focus on the clock, but he didn’t bother to zone back in.
Castiel stood in the doorway of his apartment, holding onto the bunch of flowers. It was a simple enough arrangement – just twelve red roses, nestled in brown paper. When the delivery person was gone, Castiel blinked and looked down at them. Surely these had to be for someone else in the building – he could just check the label and try to figure out who.
