"And if you spend no time whatsoever on the details," Holly defended her point, looking Dean in the eyes. "You always miss something."
"He wants this big future for her," Dean ranted to Holly. "But he doesn't see that she's just a kid. She wasn't ready for all of that anyway, even if she had been more like him."
Dean nodded, knowing full well his brother was right. Smaller towns weren’t used to strange happenings. Not that Sioux Falls was small, but it’s citizens had the vibe. They were scared and shocked by what had been happening, especially so openly and publicly. Bodies didn’t usually get found in the middle of sidewalks for all to see.
Meg heard a slight ringing sound and in a small flash of light, Titan appeared, in his human form, and smiled at Meg from the doorway.
"Sorry about that," Garth rubbed at the back of his neck and smiled sheepishly. "They're at that age, you know."
"That is good to hear," Castiel nodded and looked ahead of them at the gaggle of werewolf children. "They are certainly full of energy. Not much different than the human children I've witnessed."
“You’re allowed to feel the way you do about Chuck,” Dean continued. “Honestly, I’m pissed, but the sad thing is I saw something like it coming. Nobody disappears for centuries and then suddenly comes back just because it’s convenient.”
All, but one who cried out in despair from somewhere far beyond the group and was being held back by Castiel.
Aiden leaned in towards the middle of the table, grabbing the last piece of bread from the basket. “
Castiel hadn’t even bothered to look Dean’s way, and Dean’s stomach had sunk, feeling a melancholy helplessness when it came to actually helping his boyfriend.
Dean cocked his head, mouth half open in awe, and his mind fought between allowing him to rush it and try to pry the life from the strange thing and allowing him a few more moments to take it in and determine his next move.
“I go centuries without knowing Him,” Titan remarked, coldly. “I go centuries thinking we’re just left to our own devices. Then, He comes back, and throws us all away like broken toys.”
Dean hit the brakes and swerved a bit off to the side of the road, he had thrown the tissue with the weird substance on it out the window the moment it had started to cause the reaction he had just had. The moment the smell went away, Dean felt his zipper straining less and the need to touch himself went down exponentially, until it was finally non-existent.
“That pet angel of yours is simply adorable, Milligan.” Crowley commented as he appeared in a puff of smoke between Daniel and Sarah and handed each of them an orange plastic pumpkin that he conjured up from thin air.
Castiel nodded and a few agonizingly long moments later, Dean heard the single greatest demand in existence.
Dean was taken aback, having not heard Castiel speak that way to him in a very long time, but the effect came on as strong as intended. Dean said nothing in response, simply giving Daniel a pleading look for forgiveness and he walked off, calling after Castiel as the angel left for the motel hallway.
“Once I find a way to get back up there,” Gabriel glared and looked up at the ceiling. “I’m gonna kick my old man’s ass all the way back to wherever the hell he was hiding before now!”
“Yeah,” Sam nodded. “Something else. He’s the furthest thing from ordinary. You never liked ordinary. That much I do know about you.”
Before Chuck could say a word, Jack was across the way in a split second, hands on the side of Chuck’s head, and a wave of power like none before blasted through Chuck and Jack alike. The Winchesters stumbled as the air around them slowed down and the sky sealed itself. The water stopped pounding onto the sand nearby and instead, lapped at its edges.
Eileen hesitated. The words stuck in her throat for a moment before they finally came free and her heart started to pound. Sam stared at her, starting to feel his own anxiety level rise at the seriousness in her gaze.
“Well shit Sammy why didn’t he say anything,” Dean replied. “Could have found the guy a nice lady of the night.”
Dean grasped his face with his full hand, as though anybody could see any tears that had begun to fall or sobs that escaped his mouth.
The room suddenly felt five degrees colder. Dean pulled a shirt over his head, allowing a small shiver to wrack his spine, and he made his way to the bathroom in his room. After relieving himself, Dean stared at his reflection in the mirror.
“A good writer never stops writing, even if he believes he’s told all the stories he has left to tell,” Chuck’s voice came from behind Castiel and the angel looked over his shoulder to see the two guards standing behind him and each taking a hold of one of his arms and spinning him around to meet the steely gaze of their Father.
He hadn’t lied to Dean, way back when, when he’d said he’d never had relations. He wasn't the only one, but sometimes it had felt like it.
Future Dean dove into the lake and stayed under for a good five minutes before emerging from the depths, his daughter in tow. She coughed up water and sputtered as he placed her on the shoreline. She spat up the water in her lungs and shivered when the air hit her. Future Dean sat by her side and blocked some of the breeze. He shrugged off his jacket and put it over her shoulders, it was big on her but she didn't care. It smelled like gunpowder and leather and her father.
Dean obliged, starting off slow, and slowly going faster until he was lost in the ecstasy. The hunter was still in disbelief this was even happening but was quickly brought back to reality the moment he looked down at Castiel, writhing in complete pleasure, below him. Castiel let out a sharp hiss when Dean slowed down, trying his best to hit that sweet spot inside the angel’s vessel, and once he found it, Castiel was lost to him.
"Yes Dean." Castiel leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. Future Dean smiled, a genuine smile, and strolled back downstairs after emptying the laundry basket. Castiel turned into his daughter's room and walked over to her. She sat on the bed in a loose tank top and sweatpants. She was hunched over and clearly in a bit of pain. Castiel inspected her back, there were definitely warmer glowing lines going down both of her shoulder blades. An indication of potential wings. "I know it hurts."
“I thought we covered that in the car,” Sam said, confused. “You know with the whole, coming out thing that we discussed.”
As a last-ditch effort, Dean opened up his mind. He sent thoughts Castiel's way. All the instances in his past that had made him question who he was. Dean sent the angel images of Jamie Bower, of Lee Webb, his old friend who'd he'd admittedly made out with a few times, of various times a man had turned his head that he could remember.
Listening to her parents bicker, even if it wasn’t a true argument, caused Sarah to chuckle. Rarely did they ever fight and if they did, it was over something dumb and insignificant in the long run. Daniel would have agreed with her. They would have been silently giving one another a look had he not been in another part of the bunker bathhouse, having his own makeup done by her Uncle Dean.
Dean shook his head, trying to clear away any lingering impure thoughts. Thoughts of Castiel laid out on a bed before him. Dean undressing him with his eyes, then undressing him with his hands. His lips meeting the angel’s. His lips meeting other places.
When Sam reached the library, he smiled. Eileen was sitting in one of the various armchairs, delving into a book of ancient magic that she couldn't even begin to interpret. Sam was enthralled at her desire, her thirst, for knowledge. It would come in handy in whatever fight was yet to come.
Sam replied, a hint of playfulness in his tone that made Dean want to strangle his brother through the phone. Dean quickly hung up, took the last giant swig of his beer, and exasperatedly stomped out of the restaurant without even looking back.
Dean stared up into Castiel's eyes, shivering and pulling the blanket closer to him. Castiel assisted.
"You are seriously not playing Incubus in my car," Future Dean groaned, the window was down and the band's signature song 'Drive' was leaking through the speakers. "It's like a nod against everything I stand for."
“I feel as though this whole thing has put a small strain on our friendship,” Castiel said. “I never intended for that. I was simply trying to keep both of your best interests and safety in mind.”
Aiden leaned back in his chair, giving Dean the perfect view of him, and the hunter studied the creature across the room from him.
“It’s midnight on Earth,” Crowley came over to Ron and put a hand on his shoulder. “I think we should give it a rest for tonight and go home.”
“But I don’t want to think like that anymore,” Clark clarified, and Jack perked up ever so slightly, leaning his head against the side of the tree to slightly look over at the other boy.
Daniel woke up in a sweat. His cousin was asleep beside him on the other side of the bed. Their family had placed them in the same room during their feverish change so they could monitor them better. No angels were in the room, but Daniel knew they were probably come soon. Sarah was dead asleep, sweat peppering her brow, and she hugged her favorite stuffed animal tight to her chest. She looked different; a bit older than she had when the two had fallen asleep earlier in the past few days.
“This may be a foreign concept to the likes of you,” Crowley mentioned to Ron. “But I somehow feel responsible for this.”
"Presents," Future Dean came out of the kitchen, teasing his son with a smile on his face. "What are these presents you speak of? I don't see any presents at least not for you?"
Daniel caught his Papa’s eye from behind Dean and Castiel’s genuine gentle smile was enough to pull one out of Daniel. Gabriel cast a similar look Sam and Sarah’s way before smiling over at his Brother.
“Where the hell were you?!” Dean demanded. “We look away for five minutes and Sarah says she can’t find you either!”
While Castiel searched the dresser, Sam pulled a few tissues from a nearby box and begun to wipe off Dean’s mouth and shirt. Dean stared at his brother in a haze, trying his best to focus, and Sam placed the back of his hand on Dean’s forehead and let out a deep worried sigh.
“Sam,” the man said, referencing himself. “My brother Dean is around here somewhere and so is our other resident angel, Castiel.”
“I’m a Prophet of God,” Kevin remarked. “I’ve been through enough shit to justify breaking this law.”
Dean knew the voice. He’d know it anywhere. He turned around to face the area near the house that seemed to stretch for miles. Slowly, it morphed into a more comprehensible scene. Trees and grass formed before Dean’s very eyes, and he cautiously move forward. More stalks of grass appearing under his boots with every movement forward. The air above turned blue, as though it were a sky, and human skin wrapped itself around the two figures before him.
“I just figured it was the emptiest place around here so we could have some time alone before we’re found out and dragged back to house jail.”
Castiel knew Dean wouldn't remember anything he said. It was like a confession booth without the other side.
Holly's expression changed for a split second to something Dean couldn't explain, but it quickly changed back to her usual monotone, melancholy, look. Dean could feel something powerful in the room, something unwavering. And he wanted to know what it was.
"Well," she met her father's gaze. "I am his daughter. I got the logic from him and the stubbornness from you."
Ron jumped over the chain link fence with ease. He looked around for cameras the moment he landed and, upon finding none, he kept walking towards the empty warehouse.
“I know,” Dean groaned, leaning back into the back of the car, and allowing the rising sun to beat down on his face. “It’s just before now…after Jamie I swore…”
Castiel seemed almost hurt by Sam’s comment, but tried not to show that he had taken offense to Sam’s statement. Sam tried his best not to get any further into an argument with Castiel, not when Dean’s health was concerned. Instead, he chose to study the way Castiel looked over Dean’s unconscious form with immense concern of his own. The angel reached his fingers out again, but instead of trying to heal, he simply placed them against Dean’s stubble and Sam caught sight of him slowly rubbing the hunter’s cheek with his index and ring fingers.
He wasn’t the only one feeling that way. One of the local cops had already walked off behind a dumpster and retching was heard. Clearly, he hadn’t seen many gruesome things yet in his time in Sioux Falls.
Dean watched the exchange with both fascination and a strange jealousy that overtook him, crawled under his skin, and made a home. He hadn't seen Sam smile like that in ages. Appearing as though he was floating on a cloud, and Eileen providing the calm he so desperately needed.
"Well I don't know how we're going to top that gift," Future Dean chuckled, still getting used to the thought of having an angelic talking dog on their hands. "But we can sure try."
All the awkwardness you could ever want in a chapter leading up to two conversations underway in the next chapter! Sorry to leave y’all hanging, what with all the craziness happening right now in the United States and just the world, but I have to log on to class after I publish this. I’m so glad people are still invested in this story and loving it!
The hunters parted like the Red Sea as the figure from above descended the steps into the main room of the bunker. Dean leapt to his feet, spilling, and dropping his beer in the process. His eyes stung from the lack of tears that now pricked in their corners.
Eventually, he reached a doorway, and paused. The voices came back, and Dean felt an overwhelming surge of something he couldn’t quite identify wash over him. The room he stepped into felt light, airy. All of the collective power all together was almost overwhelming. Dean’s arms prickled with goosebumps. His hair felt as though it was standing on end. The ringing was louder this time. Dean resisted the urge to cover his ears.
Clark felt his vision starting to go blurry. He was so damn tired, he could just pass out right then and there, but he fought the urge to close his eyes. Instead, he searched for his location and tried to read the phone screen and his hand shook so violently, he had trouble doing so.
Until time and John and his own damn setbacks about himself had finally ripped the two of them apart.
Dean's fever had jumped five degrees. Castiel placed his hand on Dean's cheek, not caring what the hunter might say. Surprisingly, he leaned into the touch instead.
The same figures from before appeared, humanoid and made of yellowish white light. They had no discernable features besides their body shapes. No clothes. No eyes, noses, or mouths. Nothing that made them stand out beyond the energy they radiated out into the air.
"Cas," Future Dean chuckled. "C'mon man, the significance of this place? Dude, it's where we first…where I first realized I couldn't live without you. I was driving through town again one time a couple months ago and I saw that it was up for sale. I played a shit ton of pool games and hustled so much, but I bought it Cas. I bought it for you and me and Sam and Gabriel. We don't have to go home to motels anymore unless we want to and I don't see why we would. Cas it's ours."
Chuck, in His self-created vessel, surrounded by human shaped balls of light and with an heir of confidence coming off Him in waves. He gave the crowd a small sideways smirk and surveyed the room.
“At that time,” Titan finished. “There was nothing for me to fight for, but Heaven. I’ve never known what true family felt like until now. I don’t want to lose it.”
There was a candle lit in the center of kitchen table, filling the room with the scent of fresh linen. Two plates adorned either side of the table. A vase full of coneflowers and lavender hugged the wall.
Sam lifted his head up from his computer to see a cup of coffee placed before him. He wasn’t the only one in the library, but the safety of the bunker allowed him to be in his own head a little bit more than normal.
“It’s been centuries since the Big Three walked this Earth,” Austin explained, knife still out and now pointed at Ron, as he circled him once more. “With the rise of Adam and Eve, it gives us the perfect opportunity to give the door a little nudge for them too.”
“If that is what you desire,” Castiel pulled the chair beside the bed closer to him and sat down. “That is what I will do.”
"That is," Castiel stammered a moment before clearing his throat again. "If he needs it. I don't intend to make things…you know what I mean."
“Can I just say,” Dean announced. “That even though all Hell has broken loose out there, that we deserve this moment right here, right now. Those two evil sons of bitches can try all they want, but they won’t win. We’re too united, too powerful, against them. We beat Heaven.”
Dean and Sam hadn’t seen Ron Ryder for over a month and, as much as Dean didn’t want to believe it, he suspected this was why.
The headphones attached to the laptop drifted up to Jack’s ears as the Nephilim put them on. He closed his eyes and let the music flow through him. The rhythmic beat of the drums, the synthesizers, and the artist’s voice all caused Jack to flood with emotion.
“Nah,” Charlie shook her head. “I didn’t expect to though. These are human methods of tracking people. I just wish I had access to the angel’s stuff. I could definitely find them that way.”
Kenny Loggins' voice came to life through the CD player's speakers and Future Dean stood still, hoping his daughter would follow suit. She did. She cocked her head slightly and started to step slowly in time with Future Dean. Future Dean was a bit bent over so that he could reach her hands, but other than that the two seemed perfectly content. Soon though, his daughter started to lose time and she stumbled over Future Dean's big hunting boots. Future Dean caught her by the arm, but she sighed and looked up at him, teary eyed.
Sam and Dean both grumbled and donned clothes, stripping from their pajamas and fully dressing the moment a flap of wings filled the room and a fully awake Castiel stood, wordlessly, before them.
“Forgive me, for feeling a bit bitter about the whole situation,” Castiel glared. “It’s no help that you, this entire time, have been acting like nothing short of an ass!”
They were angels. Every single thing in the room was an angel in its true form. Or at least, part of its true form. Dean felt frozen. His entire body was planted as he watched the beings speak to one another. They moved almost intimately, taking in the one before them with great ease and focus.
“How do you think I got here?” the boy replied. “How do you think I brought you to this exact location?”
"Your papa and I have one more big surprise we think you're gonna like," Future Dean nodded at Castiel as the angel walked closer to the pair and Titan. "You wanna tell her Cas?"
There would be time later to bring that up to Castiel. For now, Dean threw a tip down on the bed for the maid and left the room with both keys in hand.
“It was Gabriel’s idea,” Dean replied. “He said we needed something…good. After all that’s happened lately.”
"So you're telling me that God's trying to wake me up?" Dean pointed upwards, he wasn't buying it, but here she was his daughter standing before him. She looked like she'd gone a few rounds with a Hellhound, but after seeing the car crash Dean knew why. "Excuse my French, but why does God give a rat's ass about me?"
The Hellboy held his dagger up the demon’s throat and cocked his head, staring him down, and waiting for him to try and get away. The demon squirmed for a moment, and then flashed his pearly white teeth and glared at Ron.
Dean clutched his chest, feeling his heartbeat fast and heavy, and feeling as though he could cry or scream or possibly both. The feeling was overwhelming. He leaned against the wall, closing his eyes, and clenching his teeth.
"By all means go ahead," Garth stood too. "Use ours if you want. Wi-Fi password is on the bottom of the router."
Suddenly, pain overtook him, and Dean clenched his teeth so tightly he swore they were grinding away.
“Agreed.” Castiel replied, but Dean could tell the angel felt dirty about covering up the kill. In fact, the angel lingered long after Balthazar did, just staring at the body with remorse.
Another note: Cathalsis is an OC of mine that's been in a few other fics of mine. He's Heaven's healer and does a fantastic job. Hope everybody liked him. I also have a headcanon that Castiel and Hannah were born on the same day. Ignoring all the creepy romantic stuff that happened between them, I'd like to think they were more siblings than lovers obviously. That's where the "sister" reference Cathalsis made comes in.
The sun was starting to rise when Dean emerged from the bunker's front door, bottle of water in hand. He squinted, trying to shield his eyes from the beaming light, and looked around.
Maalik, one of the Warriors had pointed his angel blade to the werewolf’s throat and the werewolf had groaned in pain at it hissed and cut into his skin.
"Then we prepare for the worst," Castiel said, another echo. "But as of now, don't count your brother out Sam. He's strong. He'll make it out of this alive."
Dean swallowed a hard lump that was forming. He felt the burn of anxiety and slight sadness welling up in the walls of his throat. He could barely speak.
"The first love hurts the worst." Dean nodded, taking the last sip of his water, and crushing the bottle before placing it on the hood of the car.
“That boy of mine always did have a crack in his foundation off the assembly line, didn’t he?” Charon remarked.
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice came out soft and gentle. “You don’t have to apologize. You don’t even have to be doing this.”
Dean and Sam spun around in circles, backing into one another in the dark, despite their flashlights. They gave one another an annoyed look and continued searching the area for Clark.
"Ah the appointment," Dean looked at the angel, he was a bit younger looking than Castiel or rather his vessel was, he had short brown hair and paler skin. His eyes were hazel. He smiled at Dean's future daughter. "You grew up beautifully my dear. You probably don't remember me, but it was me who birthed you up here. Annahita would be so proud of her work."
One of the figures made of light caught the hunter’s eye, secluded from the others, and seemingly hiding away on purpose. It hunched over itself, sitting on what could be considered the ground, underneath a rather large tree. Dean concluded he had to be in the Garden of Eden Castiel had spoken so highly about at one time. It would be the only part of Heaven that contained trees before humans existed and created their own Heavens.
Castiel’s voice was timid, gentle. As though something could come along and scare it off. Dean ran a hand through his hair and looked over at the angel, still laying in his bed. Castiel was naked, in Dean’s bed.
“I was dead when he was born,” Dean explained, watching as Sarah grabbed Daniel’s hands and dragged him into the dance with his papa. Daniel sheepishly smiled, but eventually joined in after a few protests.
"I…" Dean tried to lie, to think up anything, but the truth. But he couldn't. He'd been shown his future after all and there was no faking any of that. "You're not wrong."
Daniel closed his eyes for a moment, taking in the smell of old record sleeves and vinyl cleaner, and then placed his hands in his pockets, walking away from a crate upon a table filled with records.
"Get some sleep Sam Winchester," Gabriel said, turning back the covers for him. "It's getting late and you barely got any last night."
He had thought the spider into being, and it had appeared, and here it still was, until it reached the edge of the invisible barrier Dean had successfully cracked last time he was here. Yet, this time, the walls were back, and no barriers broken as the spider quickly vanished into a puff of smoke the moment it touched the “wall”.
Oliver grabbed the groceries and his briefcase and shut the door on his truck. This seemed to trigger something, for all four of his kids ran from the backyard to the front in what seemed like a split second. God knows, his mother had probably visited and given them sugar.
The past is the past. Dean can’t change it, but he’s here now, and he’s ready to change his future for once in his godforsaken life, and in the afterlife, for what that’s worth.
"Way to lay it on thick Cas," Claire felt her cheeks flush and she smirked. "Thanks for the compliment though."
The leftover chemicals in Cathalsis’ medical laboratory had proven to be most helpful in creating a mock attack on another part of Heaven, and, in the chaos, Castiel had slipped past the guards headed in the direction of the explosion and let himself into his Father’s study.
Sam double checked that his pistol was loaded with the right bullets and that he had at least one piece of iron on him.
"Well," Garth motioned for Castiel and Sam to enter as well. "Either way, you're gonna be feeling great by the time I'm done with you. I know just the cure for this. Bess! Sweetheart! The guys are here!"
The angel left and the door shut behind him. Soon Dean was in a steamy bathroom, drinking in the warmth from the shower. His muscles burned and screamed, but he managed to stay upright. Soaping up his hair and body proved to be difficult, with each movement causing shooting pain through his arms.
Castiel closed his eyes and shook his head, chasing such thoughts away. There was no room for them here. Not while Team Free Will was on the case to solve the problem, and on the double at that. Crowley had his demons combing Hell and Earth for The Demon Tablet in hopes of translating a spell for Lucifer’s former cage. Lucifer, Balthazar, and Titan and his hounds were deploying themselves at the sight of any red blips on the large table length map in the main room of the bunker and fighting the monsters Adam and Eve continued to send. Kevin had used every spare moment he wasn’t “power-napping” to translate texts and what notes he had on The Angel Tablet in hopes of reopening a door to Heaven.
“You,” Dean pointed at Sam and grabbed the nearest beer to him before taking a swig. “Are never to use those words again. That’s…just so chick flick, man!”
Appropriately named for its black painted exterior and inky interior. The air reeked of cigarettes still, even though smoking indoors had been banned years ago. The carpets held every stain from its conception and the vinyl on the bar stools had started to crack. The music wasn't what Dean would have typically listened to, but it was bearable.
The Winchesters killed monsters, and they’d unknowingly allowed one to become part of their family so many moons ago. Ron had resisted the urge to feed on human souls and essence for so long, but the time he’d spent with his family in the past month had proven just how much of a scourge upon the earth he truly was.
He and Clark had spent their only time together eating candy bars and laughing. He could hear Clark’s laughter even now, and how it was one of the first beautiful sounds Jack had ever heard.
“It was highly educational.” Castiel replied, also keeping his gaze fixed forward and his annoyance to himself.
Sam stayed a moment longer so Future Dean wouldn't be alone. Gabriel walked back to the car so Castiel and Daniel wouldn't have to be alone in their silence. Titan's tags jingled as he stood, he approached the grave. He mournfully howled as Future Dean walked away fast. Titan could've expected it; he didn't expect the man to be able to comprehend something like this.
Dean’s lips tugged up into a smile. The hunter was wide awake, wanting to savor every minute of the moment. This pivotal moment that had been a long time coming. Ever since Castiel had walked into that barn and Dean had spoken his first words to him, the man just hadn’t known it at the time.
Clark met Jack’s innocent eyes and felt his stomach lurch along with his heart. The strange feeling from before had returned in Jack as well and he could feel his back aching horribly all of a sudden.
Instead, Ron managed to lift himself to his feet, and stumble to the last remaining payphone in town. Even if prayer could never come, miracles could be achieved.
"Real graceful sweetheart," Dean said after he swallowed. "Well if you want to appear human that's the way to do it."
It had been his daily routine for the better part of what had been close to a month. Ever since the incident on Halloween, the Nephilim had essentially been put on house arrest. Instructed not to leave the bunker without a family member present, and even those trips had been few and far between.
The kidnapped children in the back had screamed so loudly Dean bet if he ever went back to those woods, he’d still hear it.
“We are not actually related beyond our most ancient ancestor,” Aiden continued. “And because she started killing humans. It was never supposed to go this way. We were supposed to watch over one another and make sure the bloodline died with us.”
"Oh Father," Castiel was kneeling and praying, his eyes closed. The trench coat ruffled on his shoulders like it always did when he sat down. "Please. Send me the angel. Send me the answer I so desire. Please Father do not neglect my wishes."
When they reached the end of the long dirt road they were greeted with another familiar sight. An older white house standing strong and proud among the desolate land surrounding it. The fence had been repainted and the grass was freshly cut. In the driveway sat four cars. A beautiful antique blue 1967 Mustang Fastback, the black 1999 Jeep Wrangler was a newer addition, and the two other older red and black Toyota Tacomas parked behind it also hadn’t been there before.
“Got him,” the man commented and quickly shifted into the visage of a little boy wearing the same makeup as the Winchesters.
"You mean you never met the one," Gabriel asked. "You haven't found the one who you were determined to dance with to all the cheesy love songs and the one who you'd gladly surrender your favorite jacket to a puddle for them to cross?"
"But you're s'posed to say that," the girl sighed. "You're my daddy. You're s'posed to call me pretty even if you don't mean it…"
They were met with two loud bangs nearby and the brothers fell to the ground, witnessing two smoking craters forming before them and two figures shifting inside them and groaning.
"I was always more musically inclined from early on," Holly explained. "I did not have the liberty of viewing human films."
The others nodded, and Dean took a quick breath. Not only afraid of what they were surely walking into, but also of what could be left behind if they weren’t careful. Yet, there was no time for doubt, only victory.
“I had a dream,” Daniel explained in a nervous tone as he watched the boy circle the tree and play with the leaves closest to the ground.
“To where…exactly?” respond he did. The man’s eyes darted to the V neck of her dress for a mere moment. Eve smiled. She had him right where she wanted him.
“You tell your father, and mine too for that matter,” Ron grunted and then whispered. “I’m done being their bitch.”
Dean's ears rung as his world slowly came back into focus via his ears. His eyes still remained shut until the ringing stopped and then, slowly, he cracked them open. Dean blinked a few times, taking a few minutes to figure out where he was.
Sarah took off running through the hordes of kids surrounding both Nephilim. Daniel suddenly felt cramped, as though a giant wall of fish had swallowed him and made him one of their own. His dad and Papa were busy talking to his Uncle Sam and Uncle Gabriel in the cul-de-sac, not paying too much close attention to the duo as they went from house to house. The other children of Lebanon chatted with one another down the sidewalk, acting as though Daniel didn’t exist as they pushed past him.
The creature didn’t show itself again, but Dean knew it was watching. He felt rage seep through his body and tried his best to repeat his earlier actions. Only this time, a knife appeared in his right hand, rather than a spider. Dean clearly had more control now, knowing full well he could conjure things at will helped calm his nerves.
"I'll have you know," Castiel glared, if looks could kill, at least the teacher seemed very scared now. "That I happen to know God on a deep level and I don't think he'd think of you as the devout Christian that you believe to be with your blatant discrimination. If you ask me that's the highest form of sin besides the seven others. Now if you'll excuse us, we'll be withdrawing our son from your class and placing him in the hands of a truly mature and capable adult. Thank you and goodbye and may our presences never grace each other ever again."
Dean punched the power button hard and stopped George Michael from singing another word. Castiel looked over at the exasperated hunter, but quickly returned his gaze to the outside world as Dean tried to gather his composure and pull out of the parking lot and drive back towards the motel.
“See to it that you do,” Austin replied, staring Ron down. “You have until the Spring Solstice to sever your ties with the humans and the God squad and remind yourself who your true family is. Adam and Eve know their orders. So, do we. Now you know yours.”
“I’ve been doing research,” the younger Winchester shut the book lying on the table in front of him and delivered his signature line.
The angel's smile had always been a point of fascination for the hunter. It had been nonexistent when the pair had first met. Castiel's lack of emotion had made it harder to hide the initial attraction Dean had felt towards him. It had been so long since a man had turned his head, Dean had suspected it was simply a flight of fancy that would go away the moment he got somebody into bed with him. After all, it had been far too long. It was part of the reason he'd agreed to sleep with Anna.
So be it if it was a hunter’s or even a human’s fatal flaw to love. The job had taught Dean that everything was temporary. Nothing and nobody lasted. Every person he had ever loved had left him stranded on a sinking ship, some by no fault of their own and others by choice.
Before Dean could protest, Sam was out the door, and he heard the telltale sound of the Impala starting up. Dean grumbled, muttering something under his breath, and going for his bag. He hissed when he lifted it. The pain from his arm searing through the rest of him.
"Not at all," Drew shook his head. "I can take some of the bags. You'll be in the same rooms as last time."
"Don't ever do that again ya hear me?" Future Dean's expression turned serious. "Don't. I'm not going through that again; I thought I lost you today."
“Chuck wrote it all out and I saw it in His office,” Castiel finished. “He intends to let Adam and Eve along with the three biggest threats in Hell walk free and He intends to be there when it all goes down.”
Castiel replied, still keeping casual, but Dean could see the glint in the angel’s blue eyes if he squinted hard enough. The hint of desire that had flooded through his vessel and straight to his cheeks every time Aiden hit him with a smooth line.
There were love spells. There were sickness spells. Hell, there were get rich quick spells and age reversing spells. Not that a witch would have any reason to put those on a hunter, and Dean had yet to see any side effects that would lead him to believe it had happened.
Sam kneeled, his arms around Sarah, and slowly cracked open his eyes to see where they were. Dean could practically feel the apprehension coming off his brother in waves. Sarah timidly stared up at her dad, waiting for him to say something.
Dean reached Castiel’s side next, taking the angel into his arms, and felt his body start to shake and convulse. Dean leaned back, taking in the sight of Castiel’s tear stained face and the angel’s trembling lip.
"Come on," Holly grabbed his arm. "We need to keep moving. You've got a lot to see before you wake up."
“Well whatever “this” is,” Clark swallowed and motioned to his thigh. “I’m up and walking again, so thank you.”
The room was dark, with only one lamp on a side table on, and the bed was made with stiff sheets tucked in a hospital corners fashion. There was an empty desk across the way with a rolly office chair, but nothing else.
Dean, on the other hand, was looking at some serious blood loss and perhaps loss of consciousness if he didn't fix himself soon.
“Hell, if I know,” Dean shrugged. “I just know that it told me I was the most “infinite one” it had ever had. So, it’s no wonder it decided instead of giving me nightmares to feed off whatever was already rattling around up there.”
The park was empty. The swings were blowing slightly back and forth. They creaked for they were made of metal. The other playground equipment, the slides and bridges all connected in an array of plastic and various colors mostly red and yellow, was marked up and written on probably by teenagers not caring the words little kids learned from their writing or saw. There were leaves blowing down the sidewalk leading to the entrance of the park which was surrounded by a short, rusted, chain link fence. Dean looked around him at the various empty benches and play areas. Somehow though, his feet led him to the swings and he sat down.
Dean sighed when he reached the road to pull off into Lebanon and tried not to dig too deeply into it. Jack was sick. Castiel usually acted strange anyway, even though this was still a bit abnormal for even him. Sam was always keeping Dean on his toes.
It had felt like an eternity since Dean had begged Castiel not to leave. The angel had obliged, having still been in shock from Dean’s kiss, and was currently buried under Dean’s blankets in his bed, fighting the weariness in his bones and feeling content as warmth washed over him at the feeling of Dean’s arms around him.
Sam came from the right, the two practically smashing into one another as they both chased the same vampire. Dean gave him a look as Sam shook off the impact and sprinted ahead. The younger Winchester grabbed the vampire, pulling it back by the shirt collar and attempting to remove its head.
Dinner was nothing less than fantastic and, much to both Dean and Sam's delight, Jody and the girls kept the conversation mostly on themselves. Alex mentioned her schooling and how close she was to being done with community college. Patience was off visiting family. Jody had been given yet another raise and was looking to retire at the end of the year. Claire bragged about her hunting and the cases she'd successfully solved.
The angel’s piercing blue eyes stared up into Dean’s green ones and Castiel gave his boyfriend a gentle smile. Dean returned it, feeling his heart in his chest dance the longer he stared. Castiel’s hair was soaked, as was the bare rest of him, and Dean hadn’t seen such a breathtaking sight in a long time.
“But we’ve got a good team,” Dean continued. “We’ve got connections in Hell and I might just have the craziest and dumbest idea I’ve ever had.”
Sam gave the angel a tired smile and thanked Castiel before leaving, his footsteps echoing down the hallway until Castiel couldn’t hear them any longer. Castiel turned to face Dean, curled in on himself on the bed, a sight that the angel had never seen before either. Normally, Dean wasn’t one to leave himself vulnerable in any way to anything while sleeping. A gun was always close by or a knife. Something that wouldn’t allow him to be attacked.
Dean assumed Holly made the time speed up because when he looked over again he saw a slightly disappointed look on Castiel's face and his future daughter looking slightly ashamed.
"Well," the younger Winchester slapped his knees and stood. "I'm going to try and get some leads on what I'm dealing with. I promise I'll put the computer down when you're ready for us."
The angel removed his own clothes, article by article, but just teasingly enough to keep Dean wanting more. The hunter thrust his shirt over his head, and Castiel watched, subconsciously biting his lip once Dean was fully naked on top of him.
Castiel felt his skin tingle at the touch of Dean’s open palm on his cheek and then watched with wide eyes as Dean slowly brought their lips together and proceeded to rub his thumb on Castiel’s stubble as he did so. Dean repeated the action several times before Castiel finally mimicked them, taking in the entirety of the sensation the hunter was making him feel.
The familiar sound of the Impala’s engine filled the air and the two Winchester brothers stepped from the car and ran over to the angels.
“You are useful.” Ezra replied, putting all of his feeling into the words and Adam stared. He could tell the angel meant it.
“That doesn’t scream suspicious to you?” Dean finished, looking Castiel straight in the eyes, and trying his hardest not to stare too long once again. The elder Winchester reached for a bottle of water nearby and started to drink.
“My apologies for scaring you,” Ezra said, bashfully. Adam caught the look, feeling something strange stirring in his chest the longer he stared at the nerdy angel and observed the way the angel always stared back at him, as though Adam wasn't something to be feared. It was pure curiosity.
It felt tainted now, to be out in it when he knew it belonged to Chuck. Knowing that Chuck had made it. He begged in his mind for the innocent times to come again. For the feeling of the drops on his skin to cleanse him and to fill him up with some kind of joy once again.
Daniel paused, thinking of what to say back, but before he could speak the boy suddenly shot his gaze up and backed into the shadows before vanishing before Daniel’s very eyes. The young Nephilim felt lightheaded, as though he’d been dragged underwater and tossed up in a wave back to the air. He shook his head. The leaf still remained in his hand by the stem.
“Yeah she doesn’t get that from this one.” Sam motioned to Gabriel and Gabriel gave Sam his own bitch face. Sam stared to laugh. Jody turned to Daniel.
“You’ve been saying that for months now,” Castiel jerked his hand away from the angel holding him back. The Seraph got close to the angel’s face, practically snarling, and baring his teeth as he spoke.
Holly's mannerisms were different than the angels Dean was used to seeing. They seemed more human than the previous winged ones he'd met. Of course he'd only been around Castiel, out of all the angels in Heaven, most of his life so there wasn't much to compare her to. Gabriel was wild and boisterous, obnoxious was more the key word. Castiel was more reserved, but if provoked he could the scariest thing Dean had ever seen in his life. Holly reminded him more of Castiel than Gabriel. He looked away from her and down to his plate. His burger was gone.
The end. Those two words had haunted Jack the moment he’d heard them from Chuck’s mouth. Jack had laid in bed every night and thought about it all, and even now, as he sat at the table doing research like the others, it all haunted him. The moment of his existence, the time of his death, and the sheer magic of his last resurrection. Death had wanted him to be the savior. To be the grand finale. Yet even that had failed. Even that hadn’t been the ending.
"I promised Jody I'd take at least one class," Claire replied. "Myths and Legends of America. Figured it would come in handy."
Sam nodded back and left the room just as quickly as he’d entered. Jack let out a deep sigh, feeling the pain subside once more, and he met Clark’s eyes.
“You got me,” Clark shrugged and upon feeling his arm was restricted he looked over to the see the cuffs and bit his lip. “Kinky.”
Jack thought about it for a moment. He had had many titles from the moment of his conception: son, Nephilim, abomination, ender of worlds, weirdo, freak of nature, and the list went on and on, but something about his new title made him feel an inkling a hubris the moment it tickled his tongue. Instead of letting it go free, making it real, he simply chuckled, hung his head, and then raised his hand in the fashion he always did before introducing himself.
Sam chuckled and laid back into the motel pillows. The sheets were draped halfway over his lower half, covering all of the most vital parts, and leaving one of his legs halfway exposed. The air conditioning felt wonderful against his rapidly cooling skin. Eileen snuggled into his neck for a moment before realizing he was staring intently up at the popcorn ceiling.
Dean’s memory suddenly came back to him now that clarity had as well. Their first interaction with Jack. The North Cove police station. Him talking to the Sheriff and explaining what Jack was.
Dean shook his head, opening his eyes again, and breathing heavily. His heart pounded and his throat was starting to constrict and go dry. A panic attack was on the verge of happening. It wasn’t unusual for him to have these thoughts occasionally. To analyze how wrong, it made him, as a hunter, as a man, and especially if his dad had ever found out. To figure out exactly how long he’d felt this way. How dirty he felt every time after it happened, despite the rush and feeling of contentment while it was commencing.
Dean looked around, quietly, as though he’d wake something from the darkness should he say a word. Then, he closed his eyes, murmured a few words under his lips, and then slowly cracked an eye open.
"Shit Dean," LeSalle chuckled. "I kissed a guy. I slept with a guy. I figured out that I liked it. I went from there."
Castiel bit his lip, his fingers digging into his palms as he did. The trench coat felt hotter. His skin felt flushed. His gaze cast downward at the blades of grass beneath his feet.
Ron and Kevin stood, side by side, weapons down by their legs to avoid strange looks from passersby. Balthazar, Titan, and Lucifer all stood in a line. Titan quickly shifted into his hound form, looking up at his former master beside him. The angel nodded back. Adam and Ezra were closest to the car. The young man absentmindedly twitching his fingers, and Ezra placed a gentle hand upon his shoulder. Crowley twirled a knife around in his hand, not caring who saw. Though there were a few absent from their party, the group still looked like a force to be reckoned with.
What happened next made Dean lose the ability to breathe. He saw a familiar face start approaching: his own. He looked slightly older though, he caught sight of a few gray hairs on his head, but otherwise it was still the same. He wore the same leather jacket, he still had Sam's necklace around his neck, still wore old jeans and boots. Something was different though, the way he walked. He walked without fear, without a gun, practically in hunter's terms: naked. The child jumped off the swing with the same "no fear" attitude Dean saw in himself and ran to the older him. The older him laughed and threw the child into his arms.
“A man can’t cook in his own bunker?” Dean asked in an accusatory fashion and Sam threw up his hands and shook his head.
Dean watched him young adult visage sputter and convulse as the ghost he’d been chasing worked its way into his veins and skin and stayed awhile. He heard his younger self’s neck crack when he cocked his head. Dean could practically feel the death grip he’d had on his knife that day. The laugh that had come out of him as he’d stalked back into the house and into the back bedroom.
When the group arrived in Sioux Falls, it was late afternoon. Kevin, Ron, and Adam had taken another car from the bunker’s garage and pulled in behind the Impala once it reached Jody’s driveway. The other angels had insisted they would fly, only coming when prayed to, and in the meantime, training the winged arsenals in Heaven.
Gravity was suddenly lost to him once again, and Dean flipped before landing upright once more in another black endless space.
"Yes actually," Future Dean pulled something out of his jacket pocket. He unfolded it and it was a crayon portrait of a family, his son's family. There was no sticker on it and the grade didn't match that of his classmates' grades. "Why did you mark my son's picture lower than anyone else's?"
"Time for the princess to get her beauty rest." Future Dean whispered into her ear before laying her in bed. His daughter rubbed her tired eyes and yawned as he tucked her in.
The clear glass force field was back, the people had frozen like they were a television show that could be paused, and Dean touched along the crack that had begun to form. He reached his hand out and started to peel away at it. He revealed an empty field. He peeled all around him until the cracks eventually did the job themselves and the diner shattered away and he was standing in an open empty field. Dean turned in a circle, looking around; there was one lone tree, crooked and bent over and miles upon miles of tall yellowish grass. He heard a flutter of wings.
"Where an angel gives up everything he knows because he…falls in love with a…human." Dean's voice trailed out at the end, realizing how deeply Castiel was staring into his eyes.
Daniel gave Dean a confused look, Dean sighed and slowly took his hands off the wheel of the Impala.
Dean practically choked out the words. He could hear the sound of Pearl Jam playing in the distance, coming from Claire's room. Alex was nowhere to be found again, probably off doing homework or studying somewhere. Patience still hadn't returned.
"Told ya you'd have fun," Gabriel winked and got up from the bar stool. He put the spatula away and took the rolling pin from Sam's hand, sticking it in the drawer as well. "Worth it?"
Laughter, side splitting laughter was what broke out next. Dean watched as both he and his future daughter tried their hardest to catch the gummy bears the opposite person threw in their mouths. But mostly it ended up in a few being caught and Future Dean falling off of her bed trying to catch one and ending up with a thud on the floor. His daughter fell back in loud laughter and Future Dean smiled at her. It was enough to make Future Dean start chuckling again himself.
His vision was still fuzzy when he blinked, nothing fully coming into focus right away or at all for that matter. He hadn’t remembered much beyond hitting his head. Or perhaps, getting hit in the head? It was all still quite a blur.
Ron swallowed a hard lump forming in his throat. Kevin wasn’t wrong. Ever since Halloween night, and even before then, Ron had been struggling to fight in the monster inside himself. He’d given Kevin hints, dropped them here and there, about himself and what he was capable of.
Dean watched his younger self spring from the car nearby and run in front of Bobby before he could throw a single punch John’s way. John held his hand up, shielding his eyes from both the sun and Bobby. Dean watched his younger self turn towards his father, as though he was a scared animal trying to be brave, and put his hands up, pleadingly, in the air.
“Where the hell is, he?!” Austin announced so loudly his voice echoed off the walls of the nearby buildings.
The girl smiled a little, tears still running down her face. She sniffled and Future Dean handed her some napkins.
Charlie gulped down her third energy drink of the night and clicked away on her keyboard, checking cameras and monitoring police scanners. Charlie stopped sipping upon hearing a slurping sound nearby and she slowly turned her head to see Balthazar drinking his own version of her drink.
The kitchen was silent for a few moments after, neither party wanting to address the elephant in the room. Titan cocked his head when Dean finally sighed and took a seat at the messy dining room table, motioning for the hound to join him if he wished.
"Everybody does things in their own time," Eileen patted Sam's arm, making her way past him into the bathroom. "That's what Lillian always said. Have some faith in your brother, he'll figure it out."
“Cas has jack-shit on this guy,” Dean replied, paying the bill in cash, and informing the waitress that the change was her tip. “And so, do we on this case. I’m headed back to you. I think Mr. Super Flirt can handle things well enough here on his own.”
He then looked over to the side of him and realized reality was cracking again. He was barely able to get up from his seat before the area crumbled and he was faced with the next bit of his future.
He’d told Sam everything. It had felt good to spill his guts. He told him about the guy he saw him with that night when he was eighteen. He told Sam about a man named Jamie Bower from a little town called Arrowsmith and how that had, unfortunately, gone up in smoke and heated spoons. He told his brother about Lee, about Benny, and about so many others who had caught his eye, but he’d never done anything with.
“I have only experienced this shower,” Jack replied, sitting stiffly on the edge of the bed. He could feel his back aching ever so slightly more than before.
Jack gave a bigger smile the brothers’ way, and even though their hearts were weary, and their souls felt beyond broken, it was done. The final chapter was written.
Dean moved through it slowly, still feeling the stinging in his fingers and he gripped them, hugging them with his other hand.
Most of all, he was grateful that Heaven and Hell had taken up arms with on one another so many years ago.
Dean sighed, dumping the dishes in the motel room sink, and looked over at the TV on low volume. He had barely gotten any sleep the night before and now there was a case.
Daniel felt remorse, but something else tugged at his insides. Something that told him to feel otherwise.
Dean wanted to call out. He wanted Castiel to stay. He honestly wouldn't have minded the angel crawling into bed with him at this point. If only it meant Castiel being there. As Lisa had said, being afraid was doing him no favors.
Sam let the prayer linger for a few moments, thinking about the implications of what it meant and the situation Castiel had unwillingly placed him in. He had danced around his brother and the angel for years, observing the way they juggled words and fumbled movements.
"See what I meant," Holly said. "I'm trying to let you see her as she grows up a little. So you know what to expect."
Here they were, making decisions about him, without consulting him. Daniel felt a small tickle of anger rising, but it was quickly drenched by his dad’s words.
Ron’s phone dropped out of his pocket onto the ground below and the screen cracked ever so slightly, as he leapt onto the now closed dumpster lid, and watched as Austin followed him. He looked over at Tess and Terry, who looked just as terrified as he did. Clearly, they hadn’t been privy to this part of Austin’s plan.
"Of course, he's worried about you," Castiel chastised Dean. "The two of you apparently haven't spoken so much as a word to one another except on this hunt. What the hell happened?"
Austin’s words rattled around in his head. Maybe Hades and Charon were right. Maybe this was all Austin’s idea, and he was running high off of toxic leadership fumes. Terry and Tess hadn’t said anything one way or another.
“You will,” Ezra assured him. “Our time will come and when it does, we will strike, and we will take it.”
“Yeah,” Dean quickly turned around, changing the subject. “I’m good. You, on the other hand, look like Hell on two legs. What are you doing out of bed?”
"I prayed to Annahita," Castiel whispered. "She has given us the answer we've so desired. In nine months we will have a child Dean."
Titan broke into a bright smile and kissed Meg, allowing himself to be overcome by the human emotion of love. An emotion that he could say he had finally mastered identifying in all his time on Earth.
“We gotta get this down, fast.” Sam shook his head and pulled Dean up from the chair. “Cas scratch the clothes for now. Help me get some cold water into the bathtub.”
Cloaking themselves meant a longer hunt for the duo. Something Dean normally would not have minded. He had loved the thrill of the chase ever since he’d first started to hunt monsters, but things were different now.
A/N: Well that got a bit raunchier than I had intended, but I knew Dean needed to act out in typical Dean fashion. That, and Castiel and he needed just a wee bit more drama because I'm a terrible person and you guys love it ;) and this was the perfect dose of it. Also, who doesn't love a bit of brother drama too! Don't worry all will be resolved soon. I also wanted a different take on John other than homophobic, so I hope I did that justice in this chapter.
“Can we please stop talking about it,” Castiel’s tone became sharp and Dean swallowed a lump starting to form in his throat.
His gaze shot to the fire escape above him and Ron smirked before his eyes went red and he sprung into the sky.
Jack’s eyes went amber and his powers moved through Clark like water. Clark groaned ever so slightly, eliciting another pull in Jack’s gut that he chose to ignore, and his eyelids fluttered after the whole ordeal was done.
“I’m not invalid, Dean,” Adam replied, with more bite than he’d intended so he toned it down a little. “I want to help. I think I can handle pretending to be a Fed for a few hours.”
Something in his words made Clark believe him. It made Clark think he could believe any word the guy said. He shook his thoughts away and nodded, nestling back into the pillows upon realizing how much his body truly still hurt from the hunt and the attack.
Bright lights streaked across the sky. Fast and flaming, and Ezra, despite being slightly mesmerized, felt the need to attend to the strangeness. He thought perhaps there had been a mishap up in Heaven.
The smell of copper blood reeked in the air as the monster tore out the tendons and flesh of Clark’s mother’s throat right before his eyes and Clark had just stood there, baffled, and unable to move or do anything to stop it.
Castiel looked over quickly when Dean started to mumble under his breath. The elder Winchester hadn’t tried to eat anything since earlier when he’d downed about a quarter of a bowl of soup and then regurgitated it back up, refusing to try again. It broke Castiel’s heart to think about how hungry Dean would be, but Sam had assured him that rest was ultimately the best thing for Dean at the moment.
“They will be in this state for a few days,” Cathalsis explained. “Since they are half human you may treat the symptoms as though this is human illness, but they will require bits of grace here and there. They will be weak and vulnerable. They will require much protection.”
Daniel sat at the long table with the map of the world printed on it. Tiny red lights blinked all over, indicating other bunkers similar to their home. The young Nephilim stared at them, hypnotized by the flashes.
Dean's daughter looked very confused. She held her brother's hand as he watched the fallen leaves blow down the sidewalk and into the street. He seemed the least sad about his uncle's departure, but he was also young. Castiel stood by his brother Gabriel and nodded in response to Gabriel's goodbye. Even after being with Future Dean for so long, he still hadn't mastered many human gestures down to a tee.
“Monster?” Austin finished for her, thrusting her away from him and Tess gasped upon expecting to fall on her ass, but instead she was held up by another pair of arms.
“Okay how about this,” Gabriel asked, as excitedly as he could manage. “Free candy for the rest of your life from the Wonka factory or free pizza from the pizza place back home?”
“I can smell you, ya know,” Dean commented, licking his lips, and rubbing the back of his neck. “I think we both know what that means.”
“Still nothing, my liege.” A demon bowed its head ever so slightly, taking up residence on Crowley’s right and the King of Hell sighed.
A strong desire to protect. It was mentioned in what little notes the Men of Letters had written. Why he'd been attacked the moment he'd accidentally touched Dean.
"You're taking all of this very well," Holly commented from behind Dean's back. "Most people in this situation would've quit by now."
"The future can always change," Holly explained. "Nothing is ever set in stone. It all depends on what you're willing to go after. I can't control what choice you make when you wake up, but Daddy…"
Dean crashed into him but didn't knock him over. Castiel's eyes flew wide as the hunter pulled his body closer, their legs and lower halves touching now. He felt arms throw themselves around him, then clutch his cheek.
"And I suppose you'd know," Dean replied sarcastically. "I thought angels weren't supposed to fall?"
The Hellboy hesitated a moment, looking back at the car they’d hit. The two people in the front seats looked so peaceful, as though they were just simply asleep and not about to probably burn. At least they wouldn’t feel it. They were already gone.
Clark gave Jack a thoughtful look, one that lasted for far longer than he’d normally have openly given another guy. He felt his throat starting to go dry. It was no secret he’d looked both ways ever since he was about fourteen, but he’d never told anyone. Not even his mother. Another secret she’d never know now.
“I need advice,” Dean sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose as he thought about his next words. “I also was hoping Cas and the others would be here for this, but I wanted to talk to you first.”
It had led to a few unfortunate endings for the locals themselves though. This was where the brothers had come in, unceremoniously, in the middle of the night two days before a full moon in hopes of eliminating yet another problem regular humans couldn't handle.
"Hey champ," Sam knelt down, so he was at his level. "I'm not leaving forever. I'll be back for Christmas and every other holiday or occasion. Okay?"
“Hades and Charon have made it clear, as I’m sure Croatoan will agree once he’s freed from his Hellish prison,” Austin sneered. “Your head on a silver platter and your soul to the cause!”
“It wasn’t,” Dean paused, trying to find the right way to explain it. “It didn’t feed off my dreams, Sam. It showed me memories.”
He saw angels once more, only this time they were in a large group, chanting and yelling. So loudly, Dean swore he could feel it in his bones. Dean couldn’t find Castiel, but yet he somehow knew the angel had to be there. It was his kind after all, screaming as a figure and a dog brushed past his ghost like self and continued on through the crowd.
“I knew things were crazy back at the station that day,” Clark continued. “But I never would have guessed this. I mean, angels? Isn’t the Bible supposed to be a load of crap?”
Sam walked from the shower back to bed. Sweat and other unmentionables now rid from his body, and instead he radiated cleanliness and refreshment.
Dean couldn’t understand Japanese at all. He didn’t speak it. He had barely tried to learn it over his many years of life. Bobby had always handled that aspect of the brothers’ lore and research.
Dean and Holly get a cheeseburger, as promised, but even that can't last. It's all in Dean's head after all? Holly shows Dean the hunt that she claims 'starts it all'.
“We knew Michael would pass along a message to you,” Dean continued. “So, we did what any good writer does, and fed him a red herring.”
“The potion Cathalsis gave me isn't working,” Daniel looked up at Dean, who seemed just as shocked as his son had been earlier, and lied through his teeth. “The dreams never stopped.”
The world spun again, and Dean found himself outside of the never-ending darkness once more. The cracking glass-like aura had vanished, and the spider was gone as quickly as he’d imagined.
"Things change," Holly replied. "People do too. Gabriel was like shooting stars lighting up the sky to Sam when you, his world, went dark for awhile."
Dean watched as Titan set the child down, the mist reappeared and he turned back into his Angelhound form. Castiel approached the both of them, picking up his son and kissing his cheek. Titan barked and after Castiel set his son back down he ran immediately to the top of the slide again. Dean's gaze turned to Future him walking down the hallway. He proceeded to walk straight through both Holly and Dean like they were ghosts and down past three doors before reaching one near the end of the hall.
Dean watched Castiel move. He watched him get up from the bed and get dressed, leaving behind a mess of sweat and whatever other fluids they had left behind. Dean watched the angel’s toned and tanned body twist and move as he pulled his clothes back on. The trench coat went on last and Dean felt his tongue go dry the longer he stared.
The creature giggled, much like a child, and Dean felt his skin prickle and his stomach flip. It then vanished before his eyes and the place he’d once been standing no longer was.
The two parted ways, both secretly holding out hope that things would end up in their favor that evening.
“Don’t let the bed bugs bite.” Dean remarked, trying his best to keep a clear mind, even though the scent of whatever was on all these tissues he was finding was clearly messing with his head. It seemed like forever that it took Sam to leave the room and the elder Winchester groaned upon standing, and looked around before half limping, and half shuffling to his room in an attempt to hide what was happening down south.
“Would make sense,” Dean shrugged. “He’s pretty new to this world, probably picked up a few germs around town. Does he need anything?”
"Yeah," Gabriel did his signature shrug paired with a mischievous look in his eyes. "I guess your brother dying a million times is about the same amount of pain as breaking up with someone."
That had been hours ago, and Castiel didn’t think that Sam had quite meant that the pair would find themselves in the same bed, with Dean’s head having slowly moved onto Castiel’s chest, and the angel gingerly and nervously placing his arm around Dean’s body and held him close.
“Dean,” Castiel said, shifting his weight so that he faced the hunter, and Dean stared up at the angel in confusion. “I have an idea of how to fix this, but I need to know that I have your consent.”
Apologies for the long hiatus guys, school has been a thing and a half. I haven’t really had a spare minute in the past few weeks to type anything until now. I do hope everyone enjoys this chapter (we’re getting closer to a reveal) and the next one will hopefully come sooner rather than later!
“You see any way in?” Ron asked, twirling his dagger slowly in his hand, poised to strike at any given minute. The ever-ready nature of Hell Children had always put Crowley on edge. Then again, he’d hoped to never deal with them…ever.
Ron and Crowley stared at one another for a moment, the deafening silence beyond the buzzing of old soda machines and fluorescent bulbs echoing in the hallway. Somewhere in the distance, someone coughed, and the ice machine spit out more of its product.
"I appreciate your memory then." Dean smiled and walked over to the motel's makeshift kitchen. At least every little shithole they'd stayed in had had a kitchen of sorts.
“I wouldn’t count us out too quickly,” Castiel replied with a slight smile. “We’ve come out on top in the past and I have faith that we will again.”
Sarah walked back over to Daniel, slightly red faced, and gave her cousin a look upon seeing the way he smiled at the scene.
His skin veered back together like two cars crashing and Dean looked down as it did, feeling slightly nauseous again, but managing to keep it together. Sam, luckily, had not been scratched by one of the wolves. A scratch wasn't deadly, wasn't worthy enough for turning, but if a werewolf was strong enough it was definitely known to make a hunter feel less than well for at least twenty-four hours.
It was surreal, having that much joyful noise in the bunker, but Dean found he had craved a lack of silence like a man craves water in the desert.
Castiel twitched and grunted as he finished. Dean squeezed his eyes tight and worked Castiel through his release and he held tight to the angel’s hip until he stopped shaking and Dean lifted his head and let out a few deep breaths.
Once the strange creatures left the area, the dark came again. The figures turned a corner and Dean hesitated a moment before coming out from his hiding place. Slowly, he remembered his feet worked and Dean followed after the things.
“I’ve already established trust with the Prophet and the others,” Ron explained. “I’ll have to keep up the façade until I can manage to get away for a final time.”
Dean thrust the beer case open, separating the two of them, and Aiden smoothly stepped back while Castiel shot Dean a death stare. Dean motioned to his case of beer, as though to apologize to Aiden without words, and without having to mean it.
They had been naked as the day humans were born when they’d risen. Eve had quickly conjured up a new visage of herself beforehand, knowing full well the Winchester brothers would most likely recognize her last two personas. With a snap of her fingers, she’d given them clothes and identities, and the two had started on their way. Many people along the way had stared, gawked at them. They’d even had one young teenager ask if they were “cosplaying”, whatever that was.
Castiel turned fully around, giving Dean a comforting look. Daniel noticed the same look any time his father mentioned his grandfather. Daniel had never met the man, but based on the small snippets he’d heard, he was proud of that fact.
“He told me it’s a special place,” Daniel looked up at the almost empty branches. There were a few dying leaves left on the tiny twigs, but none were green as they had been in his dreams.
“Papa,” she mentioned his name and Gabriel immediately turned his head to face her, Sam too. Sarah gave a sideways smirk, snapped her fingers, and immediately all three of them were covered in perfect face paint. Sam touched his cheek and let out a slight gasp in the mirror.
Sarah quieted upon Daniel pointing up at one, and then another, going down the line and other pedestrians had begun to take notice as well. Suddenly, the ground below the two cousins started to vibrate, softly at first, but then it grew more violent as it continued. Daniel and Sarah looked around, then over at one another, and then back at the record shop, which they realized was crumbling ever so slightly with how old the building was.
The angel started for the door, ice bucket in hand, but Dean reached it first. The hunter shrugged his jacket on and motioned for the angel to follow instead. It was more of a command than a suggestion, mixed with a power move.
John commented with spite in his tone. Spite that made Dean jump ever so slightly at the bark of his voice. “
“Did you know? About any of this?” Crowley asked, almost unwilling to hear the answer. Ron swallowed hard.
"Potentially," Cathalsis said and Castiel put his hands in his pockets. "It is every angel's dream to have their offspring whether Nephilim or angelic in nature to continue their legacy."
Today it was sitting in his recliner in the living room, stuck in a memory from about thirty years prior.
"Oh that," LeSalle waved him off and blew air out of his lips. "I feel like I kind of always knew that. Just never really acted on it til I was older."
“No security cameras,” Ron asked another cop, clearly the lead on the investigation. “Nobody that could have seen this?”
“Let’s just get this over with.” Ron replied, curtly, and Tess took hold of Austin’s shoulder to talk to him before he was able to respond.
Daniel’s dreams had gotten worse leading up to the next growth spurt. Dreams of the same field, the same tree, and the same man and boy (whom he’d now learned were the same person) beckoning him to come back, despite warnings from his family to stay away. Titan and his fellow Angelhounds had even found Daniel sleepwalking one night, towards the direction of the field, but had redirected him back home before anything had come of it.
The room was dull in color to Dean at the moment, but Castiel stood out like a beautiful flame. He broke into a bright smile.
Dean, before he could hear her answer, was whisked away by Holly once again to the nearest big retail store which in the area they were near happened to be Walmart. Dean had never once stepped foot into a Walmart until now. Dean looked down the various aisles, looking for Future him. Once he found himself, he almost high tailed it out of there immediately.
“Fine Samantha,” Dean rolled his eyes and put the car into gear. “Whatever helps you sleep at night.”
A chorus of whoops and what Dean suspected were howls filled the air and the music cut back in. Some Incubus song about wishing somebody were with you. The other guests seemed to love it. They cracked open beers and laughter rang loud once again.
Dean shrugged. Who was he to judge? He observed himself. He'd never been the best dancer in his life.
A familiar voice yanked Castiel from his staring and the image of Dean vanished from the water just as quickly.
Dean took Castiel's hand, holding it tightly, so delirious he was probably about to pass out again. Castiel tried to fight the fluttering he felt in his chest, but he didn't let go.
Dean stood and looked around him. Where were Castiel and Sam? They weren't anywhere to be seen. It was as if they speaking from up above him. But that was impossible…wait, maybe it wasn't? Sam's words ran through his mind again. He remembered what had happened. They'd been fighting a witch. Some nasty bitch with a heart of ice. She'd slammed Dean into the wall with a twist of her wrist and almost knocked him out cold, he remembered her chanting something and this white hot light shrouding him, and then all was peaceful like it was now. It wasn't the kind of peaceful Dean wanted though, this kind of peaceful was somehow scary.
As the Winchester family moved on, they lacked in noticing a pair of eyes attached to a rather slender and young man watching from the shadows nearby. The man smirked and then stepped off the tree he’d been leaning against.
"You've been asking me an awful lot of that question lately." Dean chuckled and groaned as he got to his feet, still supported by Castiel's right half.
"Medically speaking," Castiel said through the bathroom door. He, Sam, and Garth stood on the other side, all with puzzled looks on their faces.
"Thanks…uh Sam, by the way." Dean motioned the Honey Bun around in the air and Sam gave a curt nod in response.
Dean felt his stomach drop to his feet as Holly flew them into the next event. Even now in the present time Dean still wasn't used to Castiel flying him around. Holly had flown them into the house Future Dean had bought. It was mid-afternoon, 2 pm to be exact, and it looked to be late spring time. Dean hadn't had a chance to feel the air outside, but he assumed it was chilly by the scene he saw in the backyard. Castiel was out back, dressed in his usual trench coat attire. In front of him was a little boy, the same little boy from the park, but younger. He looked about six years old. His hair was cut like Dean's was. He looked like a mini-Dean except his exceptionally unique eyes, the left one was green and the right one blue. He was the boy from the park. He was Dean and Castiel's son.
"Paul Wakefield," Sam chuckled at the mention of him and a giddy smile stretched across his face. "Some backwoods boy from-."
Dean nodded and helped Castiel get out of bed. He took the angel to the bathroom within his room. The shower pressure was definitely the best in the house in Dean’s personal abode and he intended to show Castiel the truth of that.
Dean hoped to God he wasn’t pitching a tent. It had been so damn long since he’d felt anybody else’s touch, it was highly likely. Suddenly, he filled his mind with seemingly normal things to keep the urge at bay. Baseball. That time he’d walked in on Bobby naked getting out of the shower.
It wasn’t that Adam was entirely resentful. The Winchesters had been nothing, but kind to him upon his return. They’d tried their hardest to make up for their mistake when the world had threatened to end the first time. He had a place to sleep, three square meals a day, and a family again.
"So is driving a car," she replied. "So is every time you walk outside. No one knows what's going to happen to them dad."
Lastly, he showed Castiel the day they'd met. Not the first time with the loud screeching and the busted gas station windows, but the barn. The barn covered in symbols from all beliefs, all religions.
He looked over and there sat a child. He jumped a little; he had sworn the park had been empty a moment ago. The child giggled a little and swung high. His eyes were closed only for a moment before he cracked them open. The child's eyes were astonishing. One eye was crystal blue, like the sky on a normal and sunny day; the other eye was a deep green like the darker grass next to the sidewalk. The child had darker almost black hair and a mess of freckles on his cheeks. He wore old and worn jeans, tennis shoes, an old vintage looking t-shirt with the bat signal from Batman on it and a red hoodie over that. The child was filled with happiness and wonder as he swung back and forth. Dean found himself mesmerized as he watched the child.
It was silent for a moment. Castiel swallowed hard. He had never had to explain this to anyone before. It was simply a time in the past that he locked himself away, when in Heaven, and tried to avoid his brothers and sisters for fear of what might happen when they all suffered from the same affliction.
"Hey!" he yelled. She looked at him with wide eyes and disappeared again. He rushed over to the spot she was at, but couldn't reach her in time. The diner went on as it always had, never changing. Dean yelled in rage and looked around again. The glass force field was back. Dean touched it, it was his only chance. He pressed at it, hoping it would break faster, but no such luck. He growled in anger and contemplated his options. He watched as the door opened and closed once again, the door that led to nowhere. Dean had an idea. He ran over to the door and stared at where the glass force field was cracking at a snail's pace. He couldn't help, but think that it was Holly's doing. Dean looked at the glass and closed his eyes. It felt like slow motion as he ran towards the force field. He covered his face with his arms and bust through it. The glass broke immediately and it felt as though time was standing still for a split second. Dean opened his eyes and saw the shards floating in the air, motionless. He even tried to touch one to see if it worked, but before he could he landed on his back in an empty and dusty room. Dean coughed and cautiously stood up, hoping he hadn't hurt himself too badly. He looked around; he'd tried to envision Holly, where she was, before he'd jumped through the glass. He'd hoped it worked and as soon as he saw her in the corner, her back to him, he knew it had. He stood up and started walking over to her.
The woman left for the back room and Dean wanted to call her back. Not for looking, but for another presence. Somebody to guide him back from the currents of his mind as he forced his feet to work and he opened the lobby door and stepped into the misty night.
Cracks formed and spiderwebbed and started to fall into the fake floor. They dove in as though it were water and were swallowed whole, revealing another room of light beyond. Dean’s arm pulsed so painfully he swore it was glowing blue on the inside.
"I can't imagine me and Cas with kids," Dean chuckled. "I'm a horrible role model. I wasn't even the best one for Sammy."
“It’s what he and the lore that I did somehow manage to find consider a type of mating cycle,” Sam explained a second time as Dean stared, dumbfounded, at his brother. “This is the first time he’s experienced physical symptoms, it’s apparently mainly a very emotional thing.”
“No Cas,” Dean swallowed down the coppery taste that suddenly started to fill his mouth. “I mean my stomach-.”
"Cas!" Future Dean shouted so loud that Dean could've sworn it had shaken the whole house down to its foundation.
"Of course," Jody acted like a tired, new mom would upon answering the doorbell. "Sorry, must have slipped my mind. Girls! Sam and Dean are here!"
Suddenly, it was as though the sea parted. A burst of light came from the door Dean stood in and he jumped back as several more figures brushed past him. There was a pause. A whisper of wind in the air. Two rows of glowing humanoids, all staring at two beings that came forth from the nothing and addressed them in the smoothest way possible. Their heads bowed and the others clasped what would have been hands in a praying fashion.
"It does funny things to people," Holly came up beside him, staring at the house as if it were her long lost friend. It took her a moment to break her trance, a moment of Dean giving her a confused look. "Love that is. It changes you."
"Research takes a lot of time Dean," Sam replied, and started on another article. "Speaking of which, I have a lead."
Before either Dean or Sam could say anything, the angel took off in a flap of wings, and the air in the car felt heavier than before. Sam blew air out of his cheeks and Dean gripped the steering wheel as tight as humanly possible. The weight of the wall piece in his pocket only adding to his feelings of guilt.
“I think you’ve more than redeemed yourself over the years,” Delilah said, taking Deacon’s arm and leaning into him.
“You think I took the baring of what could be considered my soul, though I do not technically possess one, lightly?” Castiel asks, cocking his head just as he did the first time they met in this barn. His blue eyes shine, they were never Jimmy’s, Dean determined that long ago, not with that kind of light eloquently dancing behind them, as though the angel borrowed it himself from the stars in the sky and never managed to give it back.
Dean's eyes, however; caught something else. There were children's drawings on the wall. Taped up and organized in a jumbled collage-like way. They were most likely given to the waitresses as 'tips' from the children. One picture though, it made it feel as though there were rocks in Dean's stomach. It was a picture of purple moon.
"He smelled like a hunter," Bess explained. "I know that sounds strange, but you guys have this edge about you. This adrenaline that most of us creatures, if we're smart enough, can smell on you. It's almost like it's in your blood."
"Really," Dean chuckled. "That's a first. Gabriel's the last person I'd expect to care about someone."
Somehow, they ended up at a bar. Claire casually forgot to mention her homework and Jody had the next day off. Eileen and Sam made their way over to the bartender, ordering a drink each, and Castiel joined them. Dean claimed a stool in between Claire and Jody.
Jack carefully threaded his fingers through Clark’s, having noticed the boy’s hand had laid to rest at the ground below them. Clark turned his head to look over at Jack and Jack smiled as he closed his fist around Clark’s hand.
Girls twisted around the poles, spinning, and shaking everything they had in skimpy little outfits, and normally, Dean would have been filled with glee.
"This is the moment." Holly interrupted his train of thought and he jumped, grabbing his heart in fright. "This is the moment that changes your life Dean."
Although, suddenly, there was a feeling. An unmatched energy in the room that caused a hush to fall upon the entire bunker. All of the hunters silenced themselves. All of the beer paused its consumption.
Adam, the other half of the ancient duo, stood on the sidewalk with a bag of groceries in his arms. He was disguised as an older man, with salt and pepper hair, and appearing just feeble enough to not be noticed or helped, but to appear non-threatening.
"Ah c'mon kiddo," Future Dean leaned closer to her and lifted up her chin. Her face was soaked with tears. "Chin up. Look he's just a jealous kid okay? You're not ugly and don't ever let some jerk tell you that you are."
It has been a while; I didn’t mean to put this fic up and then not update. A lot of shit has been happening lately. School is a lot. I wash dishes now at work on top of bussing some days. I also just recently found out that my cat is dying, and we don’t know how long he has. That’s been extremely hard to have on my mind. I raised him, but he’s had a good life so far and we’ll see what happens. I’ve just been crying a lot and it’s been hard to focus, but I had a good period of time today, so I pumped the rest of this chapter out for you guys as a way of taking my mind off things for a moment.
It didn’t take long for the angel to come thudding back down to earth and leave a rather sizeable imprint in the dirt. Adam ran over to him, taking him by the arm, and looking down at the disoriented angel.
“Somehow,” Castiel remarked, after nibbling on Dean’s ear and the hunter could feel fingers fumbling with the button and zipper of his jeans.
Dean snarled and launched himself at the demon, who quickly dodged his advances and sent Dean hurtling into the side of the dumpster nearby.
He signed 'no' and smirked before shutting his laptop and placing it on his own side table. Sam wrapped his arms around Eileen and cuddled her close to him. He could hear the sounds of thunder outside. A storm had blown in a few minutes after the brothers had arrived, and as much as Sam loved being in the Impala watching the lightning from the passenger side, as he had as a young adult, he was extremely glad they'd arrived when they did.
"Sleeping beauty awakens," Sam commented, dropping the plastic bag he had in his hand onto the motel's kitchen table. Castiel had come in alongside Sam, looking over at Dean in that sort of curious way he usually did. The pair had been speaking before they'd entered. Dean had heard them from behind the bathroom door.
Dean could hear the voices of Sam and Castiel. Every time they spoke there was an eerie echo like they were so damn far away from him.
“Your Papa had to give birth to you without me there,” Dean tried not to shake, but his words still fell out unsteady, just as the tears that were starting to form in his eyes did too.
Chaya announced, more determined than before, and pushing her own emotions aside as she took a step forward from where she and Bane stood.
"When's Uncle Sammy and Uncle Gabe gonna get here," Daniel whined impatiently from the living room, his body sliding down onto the floor from where he'd been seated on the footrest. "So we can open presents?"
Dean nodded in agreement and upon sending a quick prayer to Castiel and Sam to Gabriel, the pair got into the Impala, Dean started up the engine, and the duo peeled off into the night.
"I can't tell yet," Cathalsis said to Castiel. "She may or may not exhibit more of your grace than Dean's soul, but I can't be too sure. I may have to give her the medicine and we shall see if it causes her wings to burst out or not."
Dean sighed as the coffee brewed, taking a moment to glance over at the beer bottles strewn across the table nearby. The dirty plates stacked in the sink. The normalcy of it all was enough to make him want to cry.
The angel and the hunter stared at one another for a long time, neither daring to move. Castiel had a wild look in his eyes that Dean knew he was trying to keep under control. Dean was practically suffocated by the fantastic smell in the air. Fresh rain, pouring down in a forest, that was what it smelled like.
“My mom and I we…started hunting,” Clark explained, and he swallowed a hard lump forming in his throat. His eyes threatened to fill with tears, but he kept it at bay.
Castiel smiled as he turned over to face Dean. The hunter seemed to be slightly thankful for the sudden lack of spooning, due to his adjustment of his pajama pants and the embarrassed chuckle that followed. Castiel gave a tired half smile and Dean regarded him with nurturing devotion.
Eileen showered and came back to bed in record time. Sam had graciously placed several pain reliever bottles and a glass of water on the bedside table. He sat on the other side, going over something intently on his laptop. Eileen crawled back under the sheets, snuggling up to him, and reading over the website.
Sam stared at Dean for a moment, studying his posture. All his years of pretending to be FBI had given Sam a few observation skills. Dean’s shoulders were rigid. His breathing was slightly short. His pupils were blown wide. He was rubbing his fingers on one of his hands against his palm.
“That’ll be around the same time ya finally develop a N’awlins accent.” LeSalle remarked and allowed Delilah to adjust the flower in his pocket. She looked up into his eyes.
In the hospital room Sam and Castiel sat. They had been waiting for weeks for Dean to wake up. The doctors had given them hope in the beginning, but now they were giving Dean slim chances. Sam hated those odds. But as Sam went to turn a page in his magazine, his hope returned. For he heard the unmistakable sound of his brother muttering. Both Castiel and Sam jumped up and rushed over to the bedside. Dean shot up, breathing heavily, eye blown. Sam smiled; relieved he called for the doctor. Castiel simply laid a hand on Dean's back. Dean looked over at him.
Dinner had gone well. Jack and Clark had come home about an hour after the rest of Team Free Will had made their way back home to the bunker, and luckily before the food had gone cold. The boys had had two helpings each of the macaroni and burgers Dean had made before taking off, whispers abound, to Jack’s room and closing the door behind them.
"I came back twice," Dean blurted out, almost like a child desperate for attention. "My dad had…other things to do in town."
Once the spinning stopped, Dean relaxed his muscles. The sound of silence was almost just as deafening as what he’d just gone through. The void was gone, and the light remained, surrounding Dean, and filling him with a strange sort of comfort he hadn’t felt since he was young.
Crowley had managed to fit into the Winchester’s lives fine, having left Hell to its own devices for a short time before following the same disturbances the Angel Council was investigating. It was the first time in history Dean had ever seen the two sides working together for the same cause.
Dean didn't reply. He took another sip of his beer and looked down at a rolly polly on concrete that had curled itself up into a ball. That was about how he felt. His body was starting to ache even more than before, and he could feel the chills from a low-grade fever coming on.
Cathalsis flew away and Castiel was left alone, once again. The room felt suffocating and overwhelming. His wings ached. The oil coming from them was even leaking through the back of his trench coat. Though his wings could not come out on an Earthly plane, their traits were still there.
Gibson had grown up lanky like his father, with pale white skin and sleek blonde hair. He had also picked up his father’s love for music and his fashion sense. Today he was sporting a black AC/DC shirt and blue jeans. His eyes shined red in the right light but were Jude’s gorgeous blue otherwise.
"I saw you fighting for me in Hell," Dean continued. "With Balthazar and some strange dog and all the other angels that were forced to join you in your God ordered crusade."
“How old are you?” Jack asked. The question caught Clark off guard, as though nobody had asked him such a thing in years. Nobody had.
He turned and smiled as he saw Castiel, Balthazar, Lucifer, and Ezra all had landed. Titan was among them as well and Sarah and Daniel immediately ran over to the hound, throwing their arms around him and hugging him tightly. Titan barked and licked their cheeks, sauntering off to join them and Adam in their game of tag slash hide and seek.
Castiel trailed off, it hurt thinking about his Father in such a way, but Heaven had been corrupted now and there was no way it could ever go back to the way it was before the angels had first visited earth after Castiel had rescued Dean from Hell. Metatron had secured that. Annahita placed a hand on Castiel's shoulder and he looked back at her.
"This world is an unforgiving place," Jamie explained. "She won't care how many regrets you have at the end. She'll still take you. Live now but live well. That, and whatever other nonsense the rehab place taught me. I still don't want to admit that it worked this time."
“Please,” Castiel uncapped the white Gatorade bottle and hovered the opening close to Dean’s mouth. “This aids gators somehow, but I think Sam is under the impression it will help you retain some of the bodily fluids you have lost.”
"It took all I had to tell Jody," Claire wiped her eyes. "About me. About what I…like. I was gonna say something to Kaia. I almost did, but then everything happened."
Now, Clark was homeless, legally responsible for himself, living out of his car, getting high and listening to music on his radio after successful hunts, and, apparently, also almost getting himself killed when things went slightly less than planned.
"Thank you Captain Obvious," Dean turned to her then back to Sam. "But seriously? I'm not letting some…trickster douche turned archangel hurt my brother."
The voice coming out of the radio was smooth and happy. Dean, though he was an avid rock and roll lover, determined he liked the song already. He watched as happy smiling faces joined together in the living room and the song seemed to last forever. There was a part of Dean, a part he'd tell nowhere, that wished it would.
Gabriel ruffled Sarah’s hair and moved it away from her face. Daniel watched his smile grow bigger at his daughter’s presence, but the smile slowly fell, and the archangel sighed. He gave a quick smile over at his nephew and Daniel swallowed hard.
Dean stared forward from the driver's seat of the Impala. The road stretched for miles ahead and he found that his eyes were starting to get a bit dry. He blinked several times before taking a swig of the soda he had picked up about two miles back. The radio blared
“It went well,” Sam answered for him, and motioned with his head for Jack to take off. Jack hesitated a moment, but then obliged. His feet dragging ever so slightly as he made his way off to his room.
“It is not me that has the conflictions brother,” Castiel explained. “I’m afraid of what’s to come if I go back.”
It truly was the middle of nowhere and Dean could suddenly feel every inch of himself. It was as though all his molecules were tingling. All of his skin was vibrating at a foreign frequency. The fog in his brain still lingered like fallen leaves on the ground after a season change. Dean looked down at his fingers as he clenched them against his palms to make fists.
Shooting stars reminded Castiel of one of his darkest times, Dean knew that, but he’d also explained the beauty of the act of nature to Castiel many a time since then, and the angel had listened. Those thoughts still lingered. Dean knew that better than anybody else.
"When you told me, you'd been thinking about exclusively seeing Eileen," Dean kept going. "There was a full range of emotions inside of me. All I saw in that moment was my little twenty-two year old brother, in the worst pain of his life because somebody he loved with his full being was dead, and there wasn't a damn thing I could about it to take that pain away."
Cathalsis was a Healer up in Heaven. It was his job to deal with angels afflicted by really anything, including the heat cycle, but the angel still kept his distance.
"Your Uncle Sammy gave me this when we were kids," Future Dean looked to Sam almost as though for permission. Sam smiled and nodded. "Now, I want you to have it. It'll keep me close to your heart, always."
“Jody’s got extra radios,” Dean continued. “The angels have prayer. I’ve got all the weapons in the trunk. Let’s kill these bitches.”
"And wreck a beautiful face like this," Gabriel drew a circle in the air in front of his face and smiled. "I was occupied."
Still, there was something deep inside of him that knew he could never have it all. He knew this was truly where his loyalty was supposed to lie.
“I will inform Sam.” Castiel turned to leave, hearing Jack’s voice one more time when his fingers hit the doorknob.
Dean sighed and finally allowed Castiel to tip the liquid into his mouth. Once it filled his cheeks, Dean slowly swallowed, and gauged his intake by the increasing nauseous feeling in his stomach. Finally, he waved Castiel off, and the angel stopped pouring it in his mouth.
The Big House wasn’t anything like the bunker back on Earth, it relied on more celestial technology. Right now, the map was of the entire world, but in an instant, Castiel snapped his fingers and the layout changed.
Sam and Castiel were giving the others GPS instructions to the nearest motel stop on the way home. Normally, the Winchester brothers would have insisted on driving through the night, but not anymore with the kids. They needed proper rest to avoid a car crash.
Titan had simply been excited to make conversation about the developments in his life. Chaya had felt her heart sink further and further with every word he spoke.
John bit his lip, clenching his teeth the whole time, and balling his fists up before taking a swing. The Dean who wasn’t hiding in the car closed his eyes tightly, as though he was the one taking the hit, and only opened them upon remembering what had truly happened that day.
The Seraph passed by his niece’s bedroom door and heard soft classic rock pouring out from under it. He smiled. She’d procured the extra record player from the basement, used her grace to tinker with it until it worked, and had since been building a record collection. Sarah’s taste, surprisingly, seemed to closely match her uncle Dean’s. A fact that Dean liked to bring up constantly to her father, Sam.
with Ellen, Jo, and Ash sitting on ancient, cracked barstools in the comfortable dark, despite the three of them still ultimately being nothing more than familiar strangers to him, the glass on the juke box cracked just like the one back on Earth. Yet, it still played. Dean supposed every detail was important. Although, he wasn’t quite sure how Jack managed it. He knew nothing of their lives before his time.
The pair rushed back inside just as the building starting falling in on itself. Sarah had the counter boy’s arm slung over her shoulder, and the boy coughed, immensely confused at what was happening.
Dean smiled at the sight of the little boy running around in the backyard, Castiel right behind him. But what was even more amazing was the sight of Titan; the Angelhound Gabriel had given Dean's future daughter and subsequently the family, running right beside the boy. Dean watched as the boy reached the rather tall swing set and slide combo that Future Dean and Sam had apparently set up years ago for Dean's future daughter. The boy looked up at the climb and the tall slide that was significantly taller than even his sister. He swallowed hard, looking rather nervous. Dean watched as Titan came up behind the little boy and nudged his back. His eyes flashed yellow.
Dean cried out and twitched in Castiel’s arms. The sense of urgency the angel felt welled up until the point that he couldn’t take it anymore. Castiel quickly closed his eyes, placing two fingers onto Dean’s hot forehead, and allowed himself into Dean’s mind.
"None taken," Castiel continued to stare and Dean felt his heart start to beat in an unnatural way as he reached into the shower to start some hot water. "I am well aware of the way I used to be."
Crowley sighed and started off down the trail he and Ron had come down initially. The Hell Boy hesitated a moment, clearly transitioning down from fighting mode, and reluctantly following The King of Hell.
"So you're like a succubus?" Dean inquired. "What with the dream travel and all that, but no sexual stuff. Just omens and oracles?"
“You speak as if I don’t have a conscience.” Ron replied, hands in his pockets, and his steely gazed fixed on Crowley’s equally intimidating one.
Dean resisted the urge to panic. Instead, he dragged himself into the guest room bathroom and started up the shower. He stripped and climbed in, letting the hot water cleanse him. His eyes burned at the salt falling in his eyes from sweat and Dean leaned against the wall.
"Go wash your face," Castiel instructed him, Daniel pouted. "Sam and Gabriel will still be here when you're done. You can't greet them with a face full of dog slobber can you?"
“I say we split up, scour the streets until one of us finds something,” Dean said. Castiel sat next to him, placing an arm around Dean’s shoulder as the hunter spoke. He noticed his lover, staring over at their son with a protective gaze.
Castiel slowly took the lead on removing his own clothes. His trembling fingers were met by Dean’s arms. Dean blinked a few times before gently pressing his lips to Castiel’s and closing his eyes.
Ron had been coming and going, mostly at night, and avoiding telling much about his whereabouts. Only offering the explanation of work back home. He was still expected to row his father’s boat almost every evening when the original ferryman wasn’t working or didn’t feel like doing his job. Dean could see the weariness in his bones every time he came back to the bunker. His energy only increasing upon seeing Kevin, and finally getting to spend time with the Prophet.
It meant Dean still had a chance to speak his peace before the angel possibly vanished once again and they moved on to the next hunt, the next problem, and once again didn’t address it.
“Because I care, alright!” Dean exclaimed. “I never thought I’d ever say it out loud, but I freakin’ care about Cas!”
It had felt like an eternity, the time spent looking over books. The time spent trying to find an answer. Jack had watched Sam and Dean wrack their brains, claw at every bottle of beer or Daniels that crossed their paths and shed every last ounce of exhaustion within them to try and get to the bottom of the end.
“And there shouldn’t be one,” Dean shook his head. “There shouldn’t even be one. I shouldn’t feel…afraid of my own child. Like I-.”
It had been twenty-four hours since the news had been dropped, and for Dean it felt as though it had been twenty years instead.
Annahita's eyes flashed white and she reached into Castiel's essence. Castiel grunted and cried out. His face contorted in pain and his mouth fell open until Annahita retracted her hand and in it she held what Dean assumed to be Castiel's grace. Annahita held it in her open palm. It swirled in front of them and then upwards and dissipated into nothingness.
Dean found them, woman pinned up against the wall, grabbing onto the man’s tie, and pulling his face close to her smirking grin. Always with the tie. Dean had to give Castiel one thing, it seemed that lack of consistency was never a factor in any time period the hunter was being shown.
The moment the creature vanished; Dean felt his arms go numb from the sheer amount of time he’d spent covering his eardrums from the vicious sounding assault from above. He was back in the great hall, but the moment had changed. The memory was different from before.
“It’s alright Cas,” Sam replied. “I’ll break the ice. Just, promise me you’ll come clean when we get back to the bunker. For both of your sakes.”
"You're welcome princess," Future Dean responded. "Why didn't you tell me you were gonna fall? You scared me half to death."
"Considering you wouldn't shut up about them by mile three of our trip," Sam replied and dug into his own breakfast sandwich. "I figured you'd want one."
“Good to know we’re on the same page.” Sam replied, kissing Gabriel, and wrapping him in a warm embrace.
“Pretty good huh?” Dean motions to the structure surrounding them and gives Castiel a tiny smirk. Sans Bobby and at least ten years in age, it’s the same as it ever was.
"At least your humor is intact." Castiel continued to stare at Dean as the hunter wiped off his face with fresh water and inspected the rest of his arm. Dean hesitantly removed his shirt, looking at himself in the mirror. There were more cuts, just from sticker bushes instead of monsters. All in all, Dean hurt.
It was comforting, knowing someone hadn’t reacted the way Dean had always expected. Over the years they’d found the hunter community to be far more diverse and accepting than when the boys had first entered it. There had been Charlie Bradbury, raging lesbian nerd extraordinaire. Jesse and Cesar, two gay hunters hellbent on revenge fulfillment, and now that they had, retired to New Mexico running a dude ranch. Hell, those two were married. Dean had worked with several ragtag hunters that swung all kinds of ways over the years and never batted an eye.
"Dad!" Dean turned his head to see they were in the house once again and his daughter was complaining about something. "I can't believe you won't let me do this!"
"Well aren't you just a walking book of positive thoughts aren't ya?" Dean replied sarcastically. "Where do you keep it all?"
“The Winchesters?” Titan asked. “Figured I wouldn’t be much use to them in such a state I was in for the past week, but I suppose you’re right.”
“I thought you looked older than you seem,” Alex nodded. “I may not know exactly what that specific situation feels like, but I know what it’s like to come from a bad situation in general into a strange new one and not know exactly where you fit in.”
Adam Milligan had come back from Hell. Upon Michael’s breakout, the two had been severed from one another, leaving the original Adam back in Hell and confused as ever. Titan, Crowley, and Meg had been the ones to find him, dazed and wandering around outside the cage for the first time in years. He’d come topside with barely any meat on his bones, a ragged gate, and an emptiness in his eyes that had still yet to disappear.
"Let me know when you're ready." Sam nodded and turned back to the Impala. Castiel got into the backseat, slamming the door shut.
Sam watched her carefully as she sat up and leaned over the edge of the bed for his t-shirt. His heart fluttered at the sight of her naked body and the way she stretched as she pulled it over her body, and it enveloped her. She laid back down and Sam almost forgot what he was talking about.
It wasn’t long after that, Dean came back, carrying a full case of beer, some fast-food takeout and medication for Jack. He plopped it all down on the table before him, and Sam lifted his head once he heard a peculiar sound echo through the room and his reading was interrupted once again.
“Go talk to him,” Delilah urged. “I have to go see if the man of the hour, well one of them, is ready.”
“Is it really that simple?” Dean asks, baiting the angel, trying to get him to say it again. Just One. More. Time.
Two angels stood on either side of the doorframe, staring stone cold at Castiel. Their arms were crossed behind their backs, like soldiers standing at attention at boot camp.
“You’re suggesting we find them an opening,” Ron clarified. “A way to rewrite Chuck’s story. Don’t you know how impossible that will be?”
Sam smiled at the sight of Jack and Clark standing a good distance away from where the Impala was parked on the gravelly roadside. Jack was the one who’d called out, excitedly searching the skies for what Sam had prepared him for. Clark’s car, which Jack had gratefully pulled from an impound lot after he'd left it on the side of the road months prior when he'd stumbled into the bunker, sat parked right beside the old muscle car. The two boys had arrived back in town from a hunt, as had Sam and Dean, and, upon hearing what was due to happen that night, the group had agreed to meet on the old backroad outside of town.
Chuck snapped for emphasis, but nothing happened. Castiel was still stuck to the wall. He could still sense all of his family down below on Earth, healthy and safe for the time being. Chuck’s eyes bore into his, and his Father took Castiel’s chin in his hand and forced him to look Him in the eyes.
“You are just too smart for your own good Miss. Winchester,” Gabriel tickled his daughter, which launched her into a fit of laughter.
Sam hesitated a moment, then nodded, and Lucifer took a seat. The Archangel snapped his fingers and padded footsteps were heard before his hound, Chaya, appeared and laid down by his feet.
"If you say that one more freaken time," Dean pointed a finger at her. "I will not hesitate to punch you."
Bane gave her a small smile as Chaya commanded the hounds and then also vanished before the leader of the Angelhound Council’s eyes.
“I’m afraid I don’t follow. We are hot? Should we just stand inside the freezer for a moment then? Will that help?” Jack cocked his head, still feeling that feeling of loneliness and longing deep down inside. There were other things swirling around in his gut, but those two were the strongest.
It had been easy the first time around, when Lucifer and Balthazar had been set free by Metatron’s spell when the angels originally fell. The archangel and the other Seraph had transported the Winchesters and, a then human, Castiel into Heaven through their secret back door, but even that was gone now. Sealed tight by Chuck, with no hope of heaving it open, unless Kevin had a breakthrough or Chuck had a change of heart.
"Did the King of daredevil-ism really just ask me that?" Jamie gave that sideways smirk again. Dean nodded, as if to say: "fair enough".
“Hey,” Titan consoled her. “It’s okay, kid. It happens. I’m sure it probably hurts, but you’re gonna be okay.”
"Impatient as always." Holly remarked and grabbed Dean. The time changed to night and he was suddenly standing in a church. It was barely standing. The paint was peeling as badly as the house Future Dean had bought had been. The windows were boarded up, the cross on top was barely hanging on, and it looked creepy central. The door was cracked open and a light poured out. Someone was inside. Dean's feet betrayed him once again and he found he slipped through the front door with ease. The inside of the church was dark and drafty. He could feel the chilly air from outside seeping in through the cracks and crevices that had been left behind by memories of the past. Dean looked around him at the rotting red pews and the Bibles, worn and yellow from exposure to air for years without a single hand touching them. Dean could only imagine whose fingers had flipped the pages, whose unruly children had run up and down the aisles. It was kind of sad in a way, how the future moved on sometimes without any regard to the past.
Yet, something still slowed it down. Something still prevented it from swallowing them all whole, all at once.
“We were three rooms down! We could have walked here!” Adam hiccupped and Sam tried his hardest not to laugh. Clearly, he was more accustomed to angel travel than others in the household.
"Just keep your mind wide open," Holly urged him. "And never be afraid of any opportunity. This opportunity may be different than what you're used to but I assure you, it's worth it."
"No more running," Dean's voice was surprisingly calm. "No more lies or secrets. You tell me the truth and first of all tell me how you're even here right now because from what I've interpreted here today you don't even exist yet?"
"Actually Dean," Castiel came closer, leaning against the makeshift kitchen counter. "Sam has a point. If you're as determined to do this next hunt as he is, we'll need you healed. I can only do so much beyond keeping track of your vitals. It would only make sense for an actual werewolf to take a look."
The echoing noise continued and got closer. Voices in another language rang through the hall. Dean looked both ways before ducking behind one of the columns and its plinth. He pressed his back hard up against the cool ridged surface and slowly peeked around the side of it.
Dean and Sam set the comatose kid down on one of the infirmary beds and they took a step back to examine the situation.
“Rest,” Castiel demanded and pulled the blanket up a bit further to Dean’s chest. The warmth from the comforter allowed Dean’s mind to relax, to slow down, and embrace the softness of the bed.
"Still," Dean said. "A little warning about the womanly things would've been nice. I mean I've dealt with it before, but still."
The only thing left, a bloody handprint on a forest green jacket that Dean suspects is still buried in the bunker somewhere, entombed there forever and laid to rest.
"We haven't spoken for a while," Cathalsis, the official Healer of Heaven, came forward, his vessel's vibrant eyes hidden behind glasses that belonged to the man he'd possessed. His medic robes hugged his body.
Only it had been years and Dean was so stunted emotionally, Sam swore one day he’d have to grab Dean by the collar and shake him relentlessly until the message got through to him.
"I used to move like that around Jess," Sam continued. "And Paul, and now, Eileen. I love her Dean. I told her the other day."
Ron stopped speaking abruptly at the sight of Austin’s knife pointing directly at the Hellboy’s chest. Ron’s eyes scoped upward, meeting Austin’s red-ringed eyes, and sinister smile.
“Maybe I don’t care if you control it or not.” Clark timidly spoke up and, for the first time that evening, met Jack’s eyes and kept his gaze. Jack cocked his head, visibly confused.
“Guy conveniently is at the scene of three different kills,” Dean explained, placing the listening portion of the device in his ear, and tapping it a few times.
Castiel stood in the doorway, probably having mistaken Dean's thoughts for prayer, and his face was what Dean could only describe as Castiel's version of awestruck.
"He was to me and Uncle Sammy." Future Dean nodded and unlatched his daughter from his side. "C'mon it's getting late. Papa's doing some things for his…work. What say we go to the diner?"
Dean came over to Daniel fast and scooped him up into his arms. He buried his face in his son’s neck as he hugged him and then pulled away to kiss his forehead.
"Forgot to mention this one's twenty-one now," Jody threw her arm around Claire, engulfing her in a side hug and Claire playfully rolled her eyes.
Other family members had begun to enter the bathroom. Titan came through first, makeup done by Meg, and his tattoos and blonde hair sticking out in contrast with the face paint just as vibrantly as Daniel’s eyes.
The angel still looked terrified, but he stopped walking away. Dean could see the back of his trench coat, drenched in the wing oil Sam had spoken of. The smell of rain only grew stronger the closer Dean got to the angel.
"You will potentially go on to do great things yes," Titan explained. "But they will mean nothing unless you want them. You have to do it for yourself, for others yes, but above all for yourself. The creed of the Angelhounds is to help others no matter what the personal cost. At first I thought it was unfair, but as I lived it out I learned that helping others gives me a sense of personal satisfaction and what I thought I'd be losing I gained through what I've done. So, you will do great things that I can assure you, but I know you will because you have the bravest and kindest heart I've ever seen Miss Winchester."
“Gabriel,” Castiel sighed and straightened out his shirt, the button down had become a mess in the past few moments. His blue jeans and his boots were both borrowed from Dean, but Gabriel suspected the hunter wouldn’t mind. It was the first time Gabriel had ever seen him in anything other than his trench coat.
“I’d say I already do.” Castiel replied, resting his head on Dean’s chest, and Dean swayed slowly with his chin propped upon the top of Castiel’s head.
The hunter made his way out of the room to start a pot of coffee. He knew Castiel and the other members of the Distinguished Angel Council would be waking soon, joining those up in Heaven who were eagerly continuing the hunt for whatever disturbance plagued the Earth this time.
Dean agreed, far less worried about the things going on with his little brother, and he could Sam was genuinely shocked at the answer, but secretly delighted. Wordlessly, Eileen nodded at Dean as she tossed her backpack in the passenger side of her car and started it up a moment later.
The Warriors were stone cold, respectful of the Winchesters, but lacked the emotion they were now so used to from other angels. They questioned the werewolf with authority, with fear and malice, and didn’t stop until every inch of its body was cut with their blades.
When Sam had come into the room wincing every time, he used his right wrist, Jack had felt a slight twinge of anxiety and fear.
His daughter ran off excitedly and Dean watched Future him roll his eyes for the fifth time in that entire conversation. The scene suddenly changed again and Dean and Holly were standing in Bobby's junkyard. Dean heard the familiar sound of his handgun and spun around to see Future him and his daughter down the way. She was aiming at some homemade targets and very focused as Future Dean instructed her how stand and when to pull the trigger. Dean couldn't help but notice how beautiful she looked, how gracefully she held the gun. There was something grand about it, but there was also something sad about it. Like she was made to hold it, Dean hated to think like that. Her long black and wavy hair fanned out across her shoulders and blew in the breeze. The pop that erupted through the air was almost deafening after she let go of the trigger. It was a perfect bull's eye.
"I sure hope so cuz that's all I want right no—." she was cut off and she let out a yelp as Castiel took her hand and flew her upwards into the sky. Her stomach flipped twice before they safely landed in the seventh realm of Heaven and Castiel let go of her hand. She held her stomach and heart and tried not to look back down. "Holy…"
Dean hadn't anticipated a spirit to manifest behind him and he spun around to see her shrieking face and to be thrown a few feet into a gravestone. Dean's back cracked upon impact, his head lolling for a brief moment before he managed to lift it once again.
"See?" she smiled a little, a tiny half smile in the right crook of her mouth. "Now you're learning."
Dean turned and stared out at the moon. He could picture it now, two younger werewolves on a hillside, looking into one another's eyes and knowing. If only it were that easy. Pride and God.
Yet, another part of him refused. His only friend was a man in his dreams, and as much as Daniel simultaneously hated him and all he stood for, he was really all Daniel had.
Sam rolled his eyes again and got into the zone, pretending to be just another onlooker in the crowd, when in reality his trained eyes were searching the room for anything unusual. Meanwhile, Dean had caught the eye of a black-haired beauty, bussing tables, and serving drinks about halfway across the club. She was wearing a skimpy tight black bikini top with jean booty shorts and had winked and smiled at him at least twice.
The Hellboy took off running, as fast as he could manage, and tried not to black out as spots danced before his eyes.
More drama, more feelings, and more…filler, I know. I have had a lot of schoolwork due lately, but I have also not wanted to leave you guys hanging for too long. I promise to have a more constructive and planned out chapter soon. The semester is winding down and I will have some time before the new one starts in January and I’m hoping to have some good content out for you guys soon!
"I had the weirdest dream the other night," Dean began and Castiel, trying not to show any strange emotions, shuffled in his chair.
"Don't expect it to last very long," Dean looked out from behind his food and saw Holly seated across from him, he jumped and rolled his eyes. "It's not real."
“Sorry for that rather earthshakingly big entrance,” the woman smirked, revealing white teeth from behind red lipstick-stained lips. “We were always a dramatic pair.”
"We should go." Holly stood up and re-adjusted her jacket on her shoulders. Dean looked over at her hoodie. It had a small red stain on the pocket that he didn't remember from before. He cocked his eyebrow and looked over at her.
Most of the ride to Sioux Falls was quiet. With Sam afraid to ask anything, Dean afraid to tell anything, and Castiel caught somewhere in between. Dean blinked the weariness out of his eyes the moment after they passed the city sign.
“Descendants of the Ashina Tribe,” Aiden closed his eyes and sighed. “Wolf shifters with a desire for consumption of human souls.”
"I'm familiar with werewolf poisoning okay," Dean replied. "I'll get through it. Besides, beer kills the pain."
“It’s no trouble at all, Sam,” Castiel nodded, sensing the worry that filled Sam’s being and mind. “Do what you must to help Dean.”
"Damn it Cas," Future Dean exclaimed and Dean jumped. "Just listen okay?! I can't, I won't go through this ever again! I won't lose you over something as stupid as a hunt! I won't lose you over anything not as severe either! I want you…to stay Cas. I need you to stay. I can't let you go. I—"
“I’m sorry Dean,” Sam choked out, holding his brother in the water, and trying to keep Dean from getting up right away. “We have to get your temperature down. I’m so sorry.”
“So many songs about Heaven!” Gabriel drunkenly called out, holding a glass in his hand, and swaggering a little around the center of the tiny motel room as other voices rang out around him. Some in agreement, some of the other occupants simply laughing at the antics.
“But a great writer,” Chuck continued, his fingers playing with a blade that glinted in the light. “A great writer never stops writing and editing and writing and editing until he gets it
Sam had excused himself to spend some time alone. Although, Dean had to admit, he was slightly worried about his brother, but Sam seemed to be doing somewhat better lately. Dean didn’t want to smother him. Sam had; however, encouraged him to take the leap before retreating off to his own space.
“Clark’s missing,” Dean’s voice cracked ever so slightly. “Jack’s worried sick. I figured you…wouldn’t mind helping.”
Dean hung his head, embarrassed, and Castiel reached his hand towards the hunter’s back to rub it. He felt Dean lean into his touch the moment his hand contacted with Dean’s shoulder blades.
Ron slumped up against a nearby wall, gazing down at his shaking bloody hand that covered the deep wound he had suffered. The Hellboy’s vision was blurry, spots dancing before his eyes, and pain shooting through his bruised body.
He continued down the hall, afraid to look back until he reached the safety of his own bedroom, and closed the door tightly behind him.
“Could go for some more beer,” Dean said. “Why don’t we hit the gas station instead? More cost effective.”
A/N: My mental health has been shitty for the past few weeks, but I suspect an upswing is coming soon. I had enough energy and such to write this. So, that has to count for something. I plan to update all my fics soon once our internet decides to stop crapping out.
One day, Dean would be gone. Castiel knew this. Sam would be too. The reality of the fragility of human life egged at him and Gabriel every single day. Chuck be damned if they wouldn’t follow the brothers into the light or dark, whichever way the afterlife took them.
Jody smiled endearingly and let the brothers through the front door. The house was warm, packed to the brim with furniture and blankets draped over every place to sit. The smell from the kitchen was heavenly. Dean closed his eyes for a moment, trying to ingrain every smell and sight into his memory. It was so rare they had things like this.
“I don’t want to leave him alone,” Sam said. “Just stay here until I get some Gatorade from the fridge and maybe some medicine or something from one of these bathrooms, if we even have any.”
It was Halloween on Earth. The last quiet night before the Winchesters had decided to chase new leads regarding Adam and Eve. They had promised it to the kids. Castiel let out a deep sigh and closed his eyes before opening them once again.
Dean felt a strong surge of emotion come over him when he looked up into Castiel’s blue eyes. Dean’s heartbeat sped up as he nodded, giving Castiel the yes, he wanted, and with how close the angel was slowly starting to get to him.
"Does this family worship Satan?" she asked. "Cuz I mean if we do I don't care, but from what I heard from Papa, his brother is kind of a jerk."
His daughter rolled her eyes and motioned for him to enter. She huffed as she sat down on her bed, a bit away from him. Future Dean handed her a bag of gummy bears, but she refused to hold them so he placed them by her thigh. He took the other bag for himself and opened it, taking one out and tossing it up into his mouth. He smiled at her, but she looked away.
"Dad wouldn't care Dean," Sam said. "I know you're hung up on that and you have been for most of your life. He may have been a shitty person sometimes, but he wasn't a bigot. He helped everyone, regardless of what or who they loved."
Coming back to this one, guys. It won’t be too long now before this series is done! I cannot wait for that moment; it’s been a long time coming.
“What is this really about, Dean? Because it seems to me that you’re just trying to do everything in your absolute power to piss me off, and quite frankly, I’d like to know why!”
The scenery changed again and Dean found he was at their motel. He didn't know why he expected anything else. He saw his loyal 1967 Chevrolet Impala sitting in a parking space and his mood lifted a bit. She looked well taken of too.
“When I heard those words,” Dean says, sounding strangled the entire time he forces them out. “I was paralyzed. I couldn’t think. I couldn’t breathe. I could barely say even what I said to you. That was…that was some heavy shit there Cas. You expected me to just walk away fine from that?”
"I know Dean," Castiel nodded again, taking a seat on the side of Dean's bed. "I knew of that long ago. I felt it when I…"
After making it to the bathroom, Dean turned on the bathroom fan, and stared at himself in the mirror a for moment. His fingers tightly gripped the edge of the sink, as both of his arms trembled, one more so than the other. The mirror seemed blurry, or maybe that was the latent nausea and blood loss talking.
"Old gun powder," Bess smiled. "Beer, because you're drinking it right now. There's another emotion in there that I can sense. I just can't really put a name on it yet."
Titan was currently laying in her bed, still naked, and awaiting her return. The pair had spent most of the previous evening getting it on, trying to satiate what was left of the hound’s heat cycle. God was a cruel master, and apparently, He had chosen the past week to try and make more of the hybrid angelic species.
Dean and Sam “cheers’d” again. Their beers almost all the way consumed. Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand again and the trio leaned up against the front end of the Impala, watching an endless sea of magic above them for what seemed like a lifetime in just a matter of moments.
"He watches over Daniel for your son's lifetime," Holly explained. "The entirety of your family as well. Even Sam while he's away."
He couldn’t really see Castiel either, and he suddenly realized how tight he was clenching his fist and how he hadn’t listened to or retained a damn word either of the people at the table had said in past ten minutes.
“The others will follow once the meeting is done,” Lucifer explained. “In the meantime, I guess we’re on kid duty. Slumber party anyone?”
Cheers rose from the crowd as Chuck finished speaking. Dean witnessed a few of the balls of light cock their blob like heads, still fascinated and confused by the whole ordeal. He noticed others, talking in Enochian amongst themselves.
“If it ain’t Sammy,” Dean muttered and started grabbing some of the things he’d need for cooking the biggest pot of soup known to man, before grabbing his wallet and keys and making his way towards the Impala.
John Winchester had done a number on both of them, that was for sure, but Dean had taken the brunt of it. Sam had managed to break free. To find out some of who he was outside of his family. Dean had never gotten that chance.
"Angels," Holly had this almost warrior-like look in her eyes, the same look Castiel had given Dean many a time when they'd first met. "They are balls of light. You fell in love with a ball of light Dean. Those blue eyes, they're Castiel's, those black wings are his too. The vessel he chose is irrelevant. You fell in love with what was inside of Jimmy Novak. Isn't that enough? Why is that never enough?"
“You don’t know what that even means in this context,” Castiel grumbled. “Besides, you don’t even like-.”
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes, despite Dean Winchester only paying attention to where he was attempting to hide the small microphone under the right lapel on the angel’s trench coat. The hunter let out a deep sigh as he fastened it and stepped back to admire his handiwork.
Castiel looked up to see Gabriel, Balthazar, and Lucifer in the room nearby with Titan and Meg and the kids. Titan had shifted into his human form, sitting on the couch, and playing cards with Sarah and Daniel. Meg watched him with pure love in her eyes, as he interacted with the Nephilim. Balthazar and Lucifer sat in chairs opposite the game, taking a rest, and Gabriel smiled at the scene, along with one of the Angelhounds in her human form as well, Chaya, in the entrance of the room.
Titan whined, shifting from hound form back to human, and covered in gashes and wounds all over his upper half. Meg lowered herself to his level, taking his arm, and coaxing him to breathe through the pain as she lifted him up from the ground and helped him onto one of the nearby beds. Lucifer, Ezra, and Balthazar came into being, stumbling forward, but sporting minimal damage to their vessels. Adam ran over to Ezra, earning a wave off as the angel claimed he was fine, but was obviously thankful for the attention.
Dean turned down the blankets and stripped his clothes. His body still hurt, but the fever had long since passed. He doubted there would be sleep tonight. Not with the dreams he was bound to have. He stared out at Castiel one last time.
Dean is shown his future home with Castiel. Holly and him meet up at the diner again for more 'food'.
Dean stared at the popcorn ceiling and the fan above spun, along with the room. He could die right here, and he wouldn't mind. His thoughts were a jumbled mess between ecstasy and his fight with Sam. Pleasure and various people giving him advice over and over again.
A/N: I'm just on a roll. I haven't felt this enthusiastic about a fanfiction in years. Hopefully, the feeling continues. I hope everyone enjoyed this chapter. I'm especially proud of Claire's talk with Dean. That being (also) said, Happy Pride Month if I haven't said it before now!
Dean sighed as he packed the trunk of the Impala and looked over at the rest of his family giving fond handshakes and hugs to Jody on the steps of her house. The Sheriff kneeled down and smiled at the kids, giving each of them a pat on the shoulder and Sarah nodded at her before taking off towards her papa. Gabriel placed an arm on her back and looked over at Dean with a solemn glance.
Dean was about halfway into his bite when he stopped and met Sam’s eyes. He finished swallowing and sighed.
Well, that's it. That's how A Drop Into The Ocean ends! I hope everybody is satisfied with what I have left you with in terms of the ending. I figured the boys deserved just a smidge of happiness before everything ends.
“And what journey is that? Asshat.” Dean glared, debating his irrational brain on whether or not it was a good idea to go for the thing again.
Dean nervously nodded and rolled the condom down his length, pinching the tip, and coating his fingers with a thick layer of lube. He slowly worked Castiel open, taking his time, and making sure to hit that hidden spot a few times before lining himself up and slowly pushing in.
“Yeah,” Sam scoffed. “As long as she doesn’t go about trapping people in TV lands and causing them a load of mental pain.”
"I'm gonna miss you…" Dean's daughter hugged Sam around his middle and Sam returned the hug more gently than he had Future Dean's.
Castiel felt anger boil up in him, hitting his fist hard against the table, and abruptly pushing the chair in as he stood up. The angel turned on his foot, stomping out of the Big House’s library, and then stopped.
Daniel swallowed hard and watched as the boy reached out his hand and took Daniel’s in his own. Suddenly, the pair were in a familiar looking field with a beautiful tree. Daniel gazed, amazed at the area he’d ended up in by what appeared to be magic, and the fact that he had seen it before.
"It's a gift." Gabriel smirked and Sam rolled his eyes, disappearing from view. Gabriel's smile was priceless.
A shimmering light filled the room and all eyes turned towards the door as two familiar Angelhounds appeared.
"M'tired…" Sam muttered and lay back down. Gabriel watched him fall back asleep. Dean expected some practical joke, which was just like Gabriel. But Gabriel did no such thing. He simply sat down in the chair next to the couch and watched over Sam, like Castiel did Dean.
The girl he’d taken to the room was there, along with the bartender and her assistant. All three of them surrounded Dean, who carefully pulled Ruby’s knife from his belt.
“Well, I, for one, did not see this coming.” Crowley commented, blowing air from his cheeks while his eyes went wide.
“I’m afraid for what is to come,” Castiel explained. “If we cannot figure out what this is and stop it, I’m afraid we will be thrown into another whirlwind we cannot escape from this time.”
It had been too quiet on Earth once again. The Winchesters had left the bunker all but twice in the past two weeks. One hunt in Arkansas had been nothing, but a rogue werewolf, whom Dean and Sam had shot dead without question and then hightailed it back home to Kansas in a matter of hours. The other had been a false alarm.
A/N: This story is set during Season 9 and a bit after. In this story what happened in the Season 9 finale never happened to Dean, neither did most of the Season 9 plot since in my opinion, it mostly sucked. If you have not seen Season 9 I don't recommend reading further because there are a few spoilers, so unless you've seen it or don't care go on ahead.
“I want to help.” Jack practically growled, causing the brothers to stare at him in slight shock, and then he composed himself upon realizing what he’d done.
Castiel’s eyes were blown wide. It was right there in front of him, the key to ending this cycle. The mate he’d been destined for since his creation. Other angels, with less cracks in their foundation, had perhaps found angels to be theirs. Castiel had always fancied himself as a bit of a rebel at heart. It had just taken a few times for the soldier-like façade to crumble.
