Steve’s fingers finally stop their relentless attack on his feet and Bucky breathes a sigh of relief, before Steve suddenly is crawling up his body, a mischievous glint in his eye.
He never hears the end of the sentence. Instead, Tony hears a grunt as Steve throws his shield, knocking out another ten, then: “Was that the last of them?”
“What the fuck was that,” Bucky hisses to Steve, who’s folding up his uniform neatly with jerky movements, using a small white chalk pen to mark where repairs needed to be made, a habit he’d never dropped from years of Sarah stitching up the torn knees of his and Bucky’s pants.
Steve spins on his heel and leaves, taking much of Tony’s energy with him. He sinks down into a chair and rests a hand gently on his stomach, drawing silent support from his unborn daughter, before burying his head in both hands.
Tony throws his sandwich on the table and walks as fast as he can to the elevator, cursing his aching back and hips the whole way. He tells Jarvis speed up the journey, arriving at Steve’s floor with his heart beating a tattoo against his ribcage. Oh, fuck, he shouldn’t have left Steve alone. Steve hadn’t come down because Tony needed food and water and sleep (though Tony did), he’d come because he’d needed companionment and he’d been too afraid to ask for it.
So, he’s walking through the common room at six in the evening, headed towards the training grounds, when he spots something bright red on one of the tables by the big window.
because Steve’s kissing him, licking into his mouth with harsh, violent swipes of his tongue, sweeping the contours of his mouth.
Tony gapes at him for a second before a startled laugh is ripped from him. Once he starts laughing he can’t stop, and he laughs until tears are running down his cheeks and his sides hurt, all of his pent up emotion from the day at the doctor’s bleeding out in cackles as he grasps his ribs, laughing until he hiccups, the tears running down his face turning into watery sobs.
“Alright, for real now.” Tony mutters, a pretty blush that Bucky kind of wants to lick still high on his cheekbones. “C’mon, get your damned shoulder over here.” Bucky sits in a rolling chair and scoots close to the table, where Tony gently holds it in place and starts mumbling to himself, running his hands over it and mapping the muscle gently, lifting up the stump as far as it will go and even inspecting his underarm.
While they were gone it was easy to not to think about Bucky, more concerned with the human growing in his stomach and being depressed over Steve, but once he came back? Back to fighting a losing battle.
Alone in the room, Steve keeps his gaze on the table, where twin rings of moisture have bled onto the glass from the bottoms of the teacups. Bucky tilts his head back and stares at the ceiling, determinedly keeping his thoughts empty.
Then he looks down at the helpless man in his arms, who’s now clutching Bucky’s shirt as if it’s his last defense against the world. Steve’s making little whimpering hitches of breath in between sobs now, as if he’s in pain, and Bucky’s never felt more helpless or afraid in his life. He should have known, dammit, he
“Yeah, sorry about that,” Bruce says apologetically, “but thanks for getting it done. Here’re some fresh clothes.”
“You still love him,” he continues, and he sees Tony’s eyes flash with fury. “I know you do, and that’s fine. I’m not asking you to not. I just… I just want to know your standpoint.”
Tony desperately wants to turn around and ask him if he’s okay, if there’s anything he can do, because fuck, this has got to be setting Steve back some in his mental health, but all he can hear and feel is the roaring blood in his ears, drowning every other thought. He wants to scream and cry, loudly, but he knows that won’t help anything.
It’s a question that is still haunting Bucky a whole month after the encounter. He’s had plenty of time to think it over, and for the life of him can’t figure out why he did that, why he lost control so badly. It scares him a little, to be honest, and he finds himself avoiding Steve, not anxious to see the other man after tearing up his work.
He has half a mind, then, to put his fist through the elevator wall, to feel it give like butter under his knuckles as he takes out some of his frustration in a quick, easy swing. He gathers a deep breath, however, and curls his hands into fists instead, anchoring himself on the way his fingernails dig into his palms, creating small divots in the soft skin there.
He keeps eye contact with Tony as he gently brings his hand up, keeping it close to his lips for a second, simply breathing slightly warm air over them, before kissing the knuckles tenderly, gently, reverently.
Carefully, oh so carefully, he takes Steve’s hands from where they’d been lying on Tony’s waist and places them feather-light on his swollen stomach, hearing another sob hitch in Steve’s throat. “She’s right here, too,” he whispers. “Bucky will come back, he will, but for right now, you have us.”
He turns around and marches his ass right out the door he came through, slamming the door in his wake.
Bucky tosses a red panda with sparkly translucent wings over his shoulder, and Tony catches it neatly, letting out a breath in a whistle. “She’s going to
One surprising aspect of their relationship so far was the lack of any sexual activity it had, and the thoughts Tony had on this. To be absolutely frank, he loved it. There was never any pressure, and he knew the wait was just as much for Bucky was it was for him. Sure, he
Tony shakes out his shoulders helplessly. “If Bucky says it’ll make him happy, then I’m all for it.”
The answer: probably not, but Tony… Tony wonders. He’s forgiven Steve and has asked for space, and Steve has done nothing but grant him that and respect his boundaries, while also being there for him whenever Tony needed him to be.
Bucky pokes uncomfortably at his food with his fork, knowing this is the moment to do it. “I, uh, I’m sorry for pushing you. That night, I mean.”
The last thing is things pertaining to the nursery. There's a door that leads off into a small kitchen that he'll likely use only for storing baby food and formula and warming up bottles, and it's currently blank, only painted white. He desperately wants to paint it, for some odd reason, and the only reason he hasn’t yet is because he wants it to coordinate with the theme. He’s quickly realizing, however, that the idea of coordination has already been thrown out the window. With Natasha’s wildflowers on the wall and Thor’s seven mismatching (but soft) stuffed animals and his solar system mobile, the idea of something to tie it all together is laughable.
It’s all going according to plan before it isn’t. Tony takes one step into the establishment, and immediately knows he’s in trouble. The suddenly overpowering smell of deli meats, various vegetables, and wiped down tables hits his nose like a freight train, and he runs back out and barely makes it to the alley the Soldier’s lurking in before he throws up on the cobblestones, shaking and shivering as his stomach tries valiantly to exit his body via his throat.
When Tony looks back to the kitchen, he sees Bucky smiling approvingly, and Tony rolls his eyes. He can get rid of that shit fairly quickly.
One day, instead of going to work in the nursery he goes down to the workshop, putting it on lockdown and bracing himself for what he’s about to do. With everything going on, calling his two best friends in the whole world has completely slipped his mind.
He looks up, blasting another doombot absent-mindedly, narrowing his eyes as he tries to spot him. He finally does, lurking in the shadows of a building, a mere smudge of black in the shadows. Christ, does that man know how to blend in.
They’re quiet for a moment, and Bucky tries to pick his thoughts apart in his head from where they’re all tumbling around in a frenzy, clamouring to be said.
“Just jerk me off, asshole,” he tells Bucky, and shivers in anticipation when Bucky chuckles quietly but pours out some onto his fingers, rubbing it to make it warmer. He reaches for Tony’s cock with his flesh hand, this time, and Tony very gently stops him.
The Soldier shudders suddenly, a whole spasm that shakes his entire body. His eyes flicker with something, relief, maybe, but they soon close off as his normal expression takes over his face. The only thing there now is a grim, haunted look in his eyes, one that makes him look ages older.
“Don’t tell my ma,” Bucky had begged, eyes pleading, and Steve yanked his eyes up to meet Bucky’s own terrified gaze somewhat guiltily.
Tony sits back then, having not realized he had been leaning forwards. Steve’s face opens, suddenly, and there’s nothing to be seen but pure unbridled anger and hatred, all directed at
, only to be a little shit about it and ungrateful in every sense of the word. This motherfucker turned around, fucked you,
The atmosphere they’ve created in the dark kitchen is quiet, warm, safe. Bucky wishes he felt like this all the time. At the end of the room there’s a large window, and Bucky can just barely see a sliver of the moon. That little sliver, however, still manages to send dim silver light through the whole room, flooding it softly. He contemplates the fragility of the moonlight that’s pouring through the window, thinking of how tangible it looks and how easily it could be broken if it was.
Bucky wakes a few hours later, the counter digging uncomfortably into his ass. His head had, fortunately, stayed in the slightly leaned back position of resting against the cabinets, and not lolled to the side while he was asleep. Thank God for small mercies and zero cricks in his neck.
The doctor keeps talking to him in a faintly patronizing voice and Tony falls silent, because what else can he say?
me?” he asks, then shakes his head. “Nevermind. Don’t answer that. Please continue; I’m sorry for interrupting.”
She tells him he has c-PTSD and depression, and starts working with Bruce immediately to try and create a sort of antidepressant that will work through the serum.
Bucky sits next to him, gently tangling the fingers of Steve’s uninjured hand with his own, and Bruce stays in the corner, putting his things away.
She responds in a matter of seconds, something Bucky appreciates, telling him that Steve is having a bad day, depression wise, and that to help him he should try to get him as stimulated as possible.
It turns out to be Tony and Steve, who are watching him with identical alarmed expressions. Tony rushes over, ignoring the murderous expression that’s sure to be gracing his facial features and starts fussing by his shoulder, running light fingers around it. He twitches, and Tony smacks him on the ass.
Bucky meets with her thrice more that week, feeling more and more exhausted each time. By the fourth time, however, she has his answer.
That had really been the stopping point, Steve thought. Where he’d drawn at least thrice a week before Tony had told him the Winter Soldier was Bucky and Bucky was the Winter Soldier, there’d suddenly been no time to draw while looking for him, and he’d never quite picked it up again.
you may have noticed I haven't updated in, oh, maybe over a month? While I didn't intend for this to happen, it's been a much needed break to get my head screwed on right.
“I will,” Bucky promises. He tries to smile, but it fades into a grimace. “I’ll be back,” he mutters, and Tony nods and leaves the room before things can get any more uncomfortable.
Steve catches Bucky’s eye, and can’t help but burst into laughter again. Bucky rolls his eyes and pushes himself up until he’s in a sitting position, gazing down sternly at Steve. “You brought this upon yourself,” he says, unable to stop the corner of his mouth from twitching as Steve looks at him pitifully.
Bruce shakes his head. “I don’t want to take any chances. There’s only one on the jet and Clint, I’m sorry, but you have the most on you so you’re going first. We’ll try to get as many out of the way before we get back to the tower, but everybody who hasn’t showered by then will have to go together in the big one at the tower; we don’t have time to rig another shower.
He remembers all those nights he and Bucky would sleep over in each other’s rooms while their mothers and Bucky’s sister would talk and play cards in the empty apartment. When they were younger it was an excuse to talk about Eloise’s skirt being above her
“Thank you,” Steve gasps out, hooking his chin over Tony’s shoulder and looking down at his huge hands cradling Tony’s bump. “I know you don’t care, but I love you,” he murmurs, before his breathing evens out indefinitely and drifts asleep.
He stands up and puts his screwdriver down; he’d been working on the crib and listening to music, enjoying the time alone. He goes down to the lab and pats DUM-E hello, before making his way to the liquor cabinet at the end of the workshop, next to a little hot water dispenser and coffee grounds. He has his priorities.
Bucky can also see several cobwebs dusting the interior and choking the walls, and he forces his heart rate to slow down. Bucky was afraid of spiders of then, and apparently he still was. It seems there are some things that can’t be cured by seventy years of brainwashing.
Bucky laughs again, and this time it’s full of self-loathing and deprecation, and it’s just like Tony’s smile; it makes Steve’s fists itch for a good fight, itch to find the person who was the cause of those smiles and laughs and pound them into the ground.
When Tony makes no move to grab them Steve sighs and accepts both sets, tucking them securely under his arm. “C’mon,” he says quietly to Tony, who ignores him in favor of glaring at Clint, who is leering at him while walking with the rest of the team out of the quinjet.
“Too late, old man!” Tony yells as he lifts off the roof, ignoring Steve’s cries as he flies down to where the Winter Soldier is standing in the shadows, watching him with dark eyes. He looks murderous and angry but… there’s just something in his expression, something in his posture. He looks weary, apprehensive, as if he was two seconds away from bolting.
He walks over to the door and takes in every detail of the pencil marks covering it, the sweeping lines and jagged slashes. “Is this… Iron Man?”
and suddenly Steve is crying, his chest filling with air as he shakes and trembles and his tears finally boil over. He heaves and takes in great lungfuls of air around his sobs, trying to control them, but it only makes him hurt worse. He runs his hands through his hair, tugs on the strands, then scratches down his cheeks with his fingernails, leaving angry red lines.
“He loves you,” he whispers, and hangs his head so he doesn’t have to look at Tony and see the expression there.
“It’s your child,” Bucky mutters, and turns back curiously to see what Steve’s reaction was. The other man looks like he’s been struck, and Bucky feels a shiver of sadistic satisfaction run through him at the thought that he’d finally managed to say something to get them out of the whole “what I think doesn’t matter anymore, you two are together” from Steve and “but you two love each other, there’s no reason for me to be around” from Bucky.
Bucky shakes his head and turns away, grasping valiantly at coherent thought. He’s surrounded by self-sacrificing idiots.
“Fuck, you’re cute,” Bucky says, with feeling, and he’s not sure where all this confidence is coming from but it’s coming from somewhere and he’s going to use it while he can, dammit.
“Oh, fucking hell,” Tony swears and looks between the two of them apologetically. “My bad. Can we just move past this, please?” he asks, and to his immense relief, both Bucky and Steve nod, Steve looking down at the countertop, Bucky turning back to the stove without a word.
These thoughts and the self-loathing that accompanied them was as unexpected as it was unwelcome because, after all, what did it matter? What did it matter if Steve was part of the reason Tony felt like he had to hide behind that awful, awful smile? It wasn’t like he was going to change his behavior towards him, because Steve had really already gone too far in his whole act of hating him. To go back would seem suspicious.
Bucky looked down at the ground and licked his lips. He shook his head, and set his own half-filled mug down on the counter, leaving the room nearly silently. The fact that he had headed in the direction of the workshop and not his own room definitely said something, however, and the team had left it at that.
Bucky scoffs. “As if I’d like anything so plebeian as your pale ass,” he says, and hides a smile as an affronted expression crosses Steve’s face.
Taking further inventory of himself and his surroundings reveals that there are two windows, although Bucky can only see the one across from him as he’s leaning against the other. They’re maybe the size of his torso, and Bucky feels like there’s something about this that’s important, but his gaze drifts to the several boxes scattered around the vehicle back with Bucky, all of them labeled with a company name that, if Bucky remembers correctly, makes shoes. He vows to investigate later, but the thought of doing anything more than attempting to sit up makes him want to curl up even further.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Barnes. Was that too much for you? I’ll try to be more PG next time, scout’s honor.”
The call is in some city half an hour away by suit, and the antagonist is on the outskirts of the city, looking like they’re going to stay there for a while. Here there’s more greenery and highway than actual buildings, and Tony breathes a sigh of private relief, glad there aren’t too many civilians.
Steve’s mouth is on his, his lips warm and gentle on Tony’s. The kiss isn’t quite passionate, and it isn’t chaste or loving either, but that delicious middle ground Tony wishes were all of his kisses were, just sort of sweet and demanding and Tony feels like he could
Not even Clint complains about the plain sandwiches they have for lunch. Tony’s morning sickness is mostly over, but the horror of it is still fresh in their minds.
He walks a couple of blocks, and he notices that he seems to be gathering a lot of attention. Passerby, particularly women, are staring at him, and even some men. He burrows his metal hand in his coat pocket even further, trying to hide it from the hungry gazes. The fact that he’s working with the Avengers isn’t very widely advertised, or advertised at all, period, but people sometimes recognize him. Only if they see a metal arm, though.
his mental process down and breathes harshly, trying his best to seem unaffected as he goes and grabs a premade sandwich out of the fridge, unwrapping it and chewing on it almost angrily.
“Yes, actually, if you would visit me around, oh,” Tony feigns checking a watch on his left hand, “five this evening?”
. He missed Bucky so much, and when he was around Tony, the hurt nearly went away, and that aggravated Steve to no end, and put so much guilt into his mind that Steve began looking for faults, for cracks, forcing Tony to darken in his thoughts.
“But you don’t want it to be,” Rhodey presses, boring holes into his best friend with the weight of his gaze.
“Have you behaved this way before these fights?” she asks, her British accent clipped as she peers over her spectacles at him. She’s half-indian with pretty caramel skin, and around thirty. Bucky thinks that if they were meeting under any different circumstances than these, they would have been good friends.
The second one is a deep green, and it’s specifically for his team. Clint jumping off a building, Bruce calmly sipping his tea while he reads the news off of a tablet, Natasha running her fingers through Thor’s hair and braiding it calmly, her again as she tests her widow bites in the training room, Tony watching approvingly.
Bucky raises his eyebrows at the other man. “Well, sure, but jackin’ off, can’t you go a couple of times?”
Steve swallows. “He won’t want me painting in – in his daughter’s room,” he chokes out, and Bucky almost flinches, but manages to recover himself.
They’d do it without warning, too, monitoring closely to see his reaction. If the pain showed, they’d beat him or shoot him again, before reciting the trigger words to insure he was theirs, and then put him into cryostasis. If it didn’t, if by some miracle he managed to keep it in, they would send him out on a mission and give him a day off after to clean, reload, polish, organize, or fix his weapons. The Winter Soldier liked doing this. It was a form of control he could exercise. It was a reward, above all else.
“Alright,” Tony allows. “The bathroom’s through there,” he says, pointing towards the back of his workshop. The Soldier nodded once, greasy hair sweeping over his face further.
Tony’s not sure if he’s completely on board with the whole sharing thing, but he’s spent enough of his life taking other people’s happiness and strangling it.
Three weeks is not a lot of time, and Tony plans to make himself busy enough that he’s not able to spend much time with any of them. His new pet project is a nursery. It’s his wonderful, awful, amazing idea, and he’s thrown himself into it headfirst. He’s going to transform the guest room on his floor, and although the thought of it is daunting, the rest of the Avengers seem all too pleased to help.
He ends up on Steve’s floor without meaning to, and he stares at the bedroom door for a long time. A wave of self-hatred crashes over him as he lets himself into the room, but he ignores it in favor of looking around. He’s feverish, twitchy, feels uncomfortable in his own skin.
Tony carefully distangles his jaw from Bucky’s fingers and looks away. “I don’t know,” he admits. “I think we went a little too fast.”
One thing he refuses to think about is the remorse that runs through him when he thinks about ripping that page from the sketchbook up. He feels extremely guilty, and he’s nearly drowning in it. He knows it’s something he’ll have to apologize for, but admitting that he was
“Here,” he says, thrusting the picture into Rhodey’s held out hand. Rhodey tilts his head, studying the black and white distorted blobs. His smile grows wider the longer he stares at it. “Everything’s going well in there?” he asks, never removing his eyes from the ultrasound photograph. He pulls his phone out with one hand, and clumsily takes a picture.
Bucky snorts and Steve flinches at the sound. “Carrying your child,” he says, and shakes his head. “God, how pathetic.”
It’s clear he doesn’t have any money, but he must look more bedraggled and beaten up than he thought, because a small woman with an apron and salt and pepper hair pulled back into a tight women sidles out behind the counter and asks him what he wants kindly in poorly accented english.
Steve just shakes his head at him, feigning hurt. “I should be lying there,” he says. “I’m the one who just had an orgasm for the first time in seven months.”
“He hurt me,” Tony continues, “and I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to feel any of my pain. I know you and Steve were lovers,” he mumbles, and Bucky breathes in sharply.
Visions of the same man drawn in loving detail splashed across the colorful pages of a comic flash behind Tony’s eyelids, and he finds it impossible to take a full breath as he takes in the man himself.
Bucky is sitting on the train, squashed up sideways in the corner with his right arm to the door and his left shoulder pressed against the seat, when he realizes he fucked up.
Falling asleep in front of another person, in Bucky’s personal opinion, is one of the vulnerable states you can be in. Tony’s trusting him not to hurt him. They both know that at any given moment Bucky can kill him easily and without effort. In fact, in the time that it’s taken for him to think these thoughts, he can think of multiple ways he could’ve murdered Tony Stark.
Still, his hand is steady around the gun he has trained on Tony, held with his right hand. His left arm is crossed slightly over his body ready for shielding. It’s uncovered and all smooth and shiny metal and Tony
to get his hands on it. He wants to take it back to his workshop to pry it apart and learn how it works… God, what a beauty.
“Why?” he hears Steve say. He vaguely hears Tony answer him, saying something about how he needs to check for anything else before he tries to put pain meds in, because the sheer amount he needs to give Bucky to have it affect him at all is almost enough to kill him, and if there’s anything else he could overdose unwillingly. Bucky thinks that that’s pretty smart, and he means to say it out loud, but he suddenly can’t think over a new sheet of agony that rips through his arm and eventually the rest of his body.
back in, not even caring if he’s hurting the man. A sob shakes through Tony, desperate hands coming up to clutch his shoulders, and Steve looks up at his face in surprise.
Thor returns to Midgard the next day, laden down with his cloth-covered stuffing-filled animals, and his presentation of them to Bucky and the father-to-be goes something like this:
The third is grey, and contains any memories or scenes he might remember from before the ice. Drawing after sketch after painting of the Howlies, his mother, Peggy, the girls Bucky would try to set him up with, his old Captain America uniform, and so much more peek out from between the pages. Steve spends an inordinate amount of time combing through it and smiling, mostly trying to distract him from the last three he has to go through. Eventually, though, he has to close the book with a watery smile and pick up the remaining sketchbooks, his heart doing something funny as he opens the first one.
Tony takes his statement and runs with it, wisely not saying anything about Bucky’s brief lapse of composure. “That’s true,” he agrees, then sighs, rubbing his belly.
And it had just… blown Tony away. He’d promised himself, the night after Bucky left, that he was not going to fall in love with him. He’d made that mistake with Steve, and look how they ended up. But it was like swimming against a strong current, trying to tie shoelaces with one hand, trying to find something under your bed without having to crane your neck uncomfortably to see under: pretty much impossible.
Steve disappears into the small kitchen and returns five minutes later with two warm mugs of hot water. The strings of tea bags are poking out the sides. Bucky stares at them, realizes he’s being rude and takes one.
It’s dirty and grimy and bits of chewed up gum are stuck to the walls and cobble-stoned floor, discolored wads that are hard to the touch and probably harder still to chew. There’s a greasy puddle next to a rubbish bin, the unidentifiable liquid creased by swirls of colorful… oil? Bucky doesn’t know.
He’s sorry, so sorry, but it all comes back to the same thing: Tony Stark has been, and always will be, the one thing that can truly break Steve Roger’s resolve.
Bucky cranes his neck against the cold metal, willing his super solider hearing to extend that much further…
“The kicks are getting a lot worse,” he admits, “and my back is being a bitch. This morning my hip flared up, too, so here we are,” he says, and rolls his eyes when Bucky very obviously fights a smile.
Tony looks startled, before he throws his head back and laughs. “That would do it, I suppose,” he says, still chuckling. Bucky can’t help but quietly admire him then, the way he just seems so… free. Any tension between them from Steve or things they’ve said is suddenly broken with that one relaxed laugh, and though Bucky would rather die than admit it, he’s glad.
Bucky’s eyes are the bluest gray Tony thinks he’s ever seen. They are the color of ocean waves in a storm, fog blanketing a bridge, storm clouds darkening the sky. They’re capable of holding so much emotion, Tony knows, but right now all he sees is determination darkening their stormy depths, the cold fury of focus.
With that thought comes another memory, so quickly that Bucky nearly stumbles, even leaning against a wall as he is.
“I love you,” he murmurs, and Tony almost glows with happiness. Bucky had finally confronted the other man about it, and when Tony had nervously but stubbornly told Bucky that he loved him and if he had a problem with it he should get a move on, Bucky had positively melted. They said it a few times a week, each one tentative and new but genuine.
“Maybe,” he agrees, and tugs himself up into a sitting position against the headboard. His shirt is still rucked up from Bucky blowing a raspberry on it during their tickling battle, and Bucky has to fight not to watch his muscles flex as Steve pushes himself up.
Bucky nods, and keeps as still as he can manage in his seat, breathing lightly through his nose and forcing the fingers on his flesh hand not to twitch. Tony said not to move, so he’s not going to move.
All too soon Bucky is gasping into his mouth urgently, his hands trembling on the table as his back arches and he moans long and low, emptying all over Tony’s hand and the silver of skin his rucked up shirt revealed.
There’s still scalding water pouring forth from showerheads in the walls, and Tony can feel the steam curl delicately against his skin, can feel the rising and falling of his own chest as he struggles for air that’s been knocked out of him, can feel the cold press of tiles against his back, and at the same time can’t feel a damn thing.
“Yes, you are. You promised.” There’s something pleading in his face, and Tony suddenly doesn’t have the heart to tell him promises stopped meaning anything to him a long time ago.
He leaves Steve for a minute to go to the small kitchen. He pulls out an apple and fills a mug with water to be put in the microwave, intending to make tea. All the metal knives have been removed from Steve's kitchen, just in case, and all that remains are flimsy plastic pieces of cutlery that bend when pressed too hard against anything.
Barnes pulls Tony’s own chair out for him to sit in numbly and leans against the wall himself, arms crossed over his chest. He looks the perfect imposing figure, muscles flexing slightly over his abdomen, dark hair framing his face. His mouth is drawn in a thin line, and his features are cold, unreadable.
He remembers cheesecake now. He remembers how Barbara Allen wouldn’t let a single soul forget that her mother got her
“Here,” he says, pulling his own jumper over his head and holding it out in offering it to the other man. Steve doesn’t even acknowledge it, and Bucky yanks it back on with a sigh. A couple of hallway lengths from the elevator takes them to the now closed door, and Steve leans his bare side against the cold wall.
He learned this lesson the hard way when Bruce cooks roast chicken for dinner, and Tony’s mouth is already watering as he sits down. He’s honestly not sure if the saliva is from the food, though. He’s noticed that lately he’s been getting a lot of saliva, which is a little strange, but probably not worrying. ‘
He imagined the first time he truly saw the man beneath the mask was throwing up in an alley, however unpleasant the experience was. There was something in that hand, in the way Barnes had patiently rubbed his back, that just screamed “empathy”. And then he’d gone into a crowded shop full of people which must have been stressful as hell, just to get Tony a little cup of water to rinse out his mouth with.
Bucky looks at him, takes in Steve’s cautiously optimistic face, the heartbreak written in between the hope. He looks away. He can’t take this now, maybe not ever. And anyway, something’s just occurred to him; two pieces have slotted together.
If the use of the nickname bothers Steve, he doesn’t show it. He crosses his arms, flexing warningly with Tony looks up, trying to show he means business.
He finds himself in the kitchen with a mug in his hand, staring blankly at the coffee machine. There are just so many… buttons. He’s just decided to press one at random and see what comes of it before there's a quiet voice behind him.
Belatedly, Bucky finds himself thinking of Natasha again. How many hours has she spent in this room with just her and the paint fumes, painting delicate petals with strokes of a brush?
“I don’t know,” he mutters, turning on his heel and making it to the glass workshop door before turning slightly on the threshold and looking back. “Just get some sleep,” he says, and leaves Tony sitting in his workshop, feeling oddly bereft of something.
Sorry it's a little late, but I'm still updating every Tuesday, just like I said I would. I hope you guys liked it! Kudos will be appreciated immensely and comments will be replied to, because I'm getting lonely at home :,(
. It hurts too much. So why don’t you leave me alone, huh? Try not to rip any more sketchbooks on your way out.”
“Figured,” Bucky says easily. At Tony’s surprised look, he elaborates: “You keep touchin’ your stomach an’ the sickness…”
Bucky’s breath catches, and for a moment he can’t find the words to respond to a statement Tony seemingly threw out so casually. He knows he needs to find it, however, because Tony’s face is slowly crumpling, and that alone is enough to break Bucky’s heart. He blurts out the first thing he can think of. “She’ll like my long hair,” he says instead. Babies like long hair, he’s pretty sure. Good to tug on.
Tony shrugs, even though he knows Rhodey can’t see him. “I provoked him,” he says, carefully keeping the emotion out of his voice.
“My side doesn’t matter,” Steve says firmly, and Rhodey is suddenly thinking of his conversation with Tony, when the other man had said nearly the same thing. Self-deprecating idiots, the lot of them.
But Tony… Bucky knows he can take care of himself, too, but it would make him feel so much better just to have someone to look out for, to have someone who Bucky uses to remind himself that he can never revert to the Winter Soldier. And if Tony resists, which he no doubt will, Bucky can tell him he’s doing it for the baby.
Bucky goes and sits on the couch, grateful that his boyfriend is letting him off the hook. Tony’ll probably want to talk about it later, but sitting down makes him realize how exhausted he was, and he falls asleep almost immediately.
“It’s going to be okay, Steve,” he chokes through his own tears. “It’s going to be okay, I promise. Fuck, I love you, I’m so sorry.”
His back is, once again, aching, and working for hours on end had done nothing to alleviate the ache. Besides, he has several things he needs to take care of, most of which he should have done months ago.
He makes his way to the stairs and to the light of day, blinking in the light that greets him. He looks both ways, trying to find something familiar to get his bearings with, because dammit, this is the city he grew up in and knows like the back of his hand, but all there is around him is metal and people and flashing lights and
Newspapers only saw him as the Winter Soldier, the ruthless killer with a kill count of over eight hundred. The machine a terrorist organization brainwashed to do their bidding and wicked deeds, an abomination undeserving of forgiveness or respect.
And he is. He’s fucking terrifed. But he’s also done waiting and thinking and sitting on the idea. Yeah, maybe Bucky’s impromptu vacation has sped things up a little, but there’s no time like the present.
“Traitor,” Tony mutters, but stubbornly goes back to the screen in his lap, clenching his jaw when he finds the screen black. “Jarvis, give me back my electronics.”
Tony doesn’t have to ask to know that the Soldier is asking about help for the gap in his memories, his killing instincts, and his fixation on Steve.
“Steve,” he says gently but firmly, waiting until he acknowledges that he heard Tony. “Steve, we’re right here. Both of us.”
Then he leans down and presses his lips feather-light to Steve’s, reveling in the warm tingling feeling it leaves when it goes away. Yeah, he’s made up his mind.
She looks like she’s going to say something defiant, or at the very least ignore him and stay silent, but she appears to lose a battle with herself as her eyes go flat and a quiet, “Eva,” comes out of her mouth.
Bucky takes a deep breath and releases Steve. It’s clear he won’t get a straight answer, and if he wants any chance of making up with Steve, he needs to quit shaking him now. But there remains a question unanswered.
Bruce, thankfully, finds him passed out from the former, snoring lightly with his hand curled around the remains of the comm he had given the Soldier.
Bucky sags a little, releasing a ton of tension he didn’t know he had. He picks up his mug, the teabag is done steeping. He delicately takes it out and puts it on the little plate where Steve’s already is, grabbing a spoon and stirring the steaming liquid.
Bucky ignores the roll in his stomach at her attention and focuses instead on carefully rattling off the three words the woman told him outside, trying to mimic her pronunciation.
“Marire,” Thor says thoughtfully, instead of answering his favorite maid. “What do you think of this one? I’ve made it for the dead duck animal that is for the Man of Iron’s kin. Do you approve of the name?”
When he responds, “I think you know, Tony,” his voice is ragged and rough, caught on all the thoughts running around his mind, screaming.
Bruce clenches his jaw, takes a deep breath, and walks over. “What happened?” he asks gruffly, and gently resettles Steve in Bucky’s arms, the better to look at him.
“C’mon Stevie, I know you don’t want to, but I need you to sit up for me, okay? I won’t make you leave your room, I just need you to sit up and drink and eat something, alright?”
This time, the silence is a little bit too long. “No–” Tony starts to say, but Bucky beats him to it.
But Tony doesn’t hear Bucky. His eyes locked onto Steve’s, which have darkened considerably with emotion, maybe… sadness? Frustration? Fear?
“Scared the living shit out of me,” Bucky whispers. “I was so scared that it wasn’t you, that you were just a hallucination or a...a simulation of some kind. A test. They did that sometimes,” he admits, and God, Steve wants to curl around him, protect him from the wrong-doings of the world.
“That’s good,” Rhodey murmurs. He pats Tony’s knee a little and clears his throat, handing the photograph back.
Bucky nods, a small smile coming back to his face. “He thought it would look nice, with it being her soon-to-be favorite superhero.”
“I don’t want to,” Steve grumbles, but he swings his feet over the side of the bed. He’s wearing nothing but a pair of boxers, and though not quite ideal attire for flouncing around the Tower, Bucky’s also fairly certain that a suggestion of putting on any other clothes will only end them up where they were ten seconds ago.
Bucky doesn’t mind, however. He’s thrilled that Tony’s including him in the pregnancy at all, after what he’d done.
Still, something snaps back into place when Steve barks at him. He feels a positively feral grin curl the ends of his mouth, and he knows he’s leering.
It’s Tony’s turn to look horrified as he looks up at Bucky, still sprawled in the chair. “No! Of course not. You’ve been nothing but help, Bucky.”
As soon as he started drawing, he felt a rush of relief, and a sense of failure. As the body started to form in broad strokes of his pencil, he felt almost dirty, like he did as a teenager in the middle of the night, a hand down his pants and his mother sleeping in the next room over.
“What kind of engine did you use?” he asks, and watches in delight as the corner of Eva’s mouth twitches slightly, a gleam appearing in her eyes as she puffs up a little. Oh yeah, she’s basically mini-him.
“You coward,” Bucky yells. “Always taking the easy way out. How could you? How could you do this to Tony? Why did you do this to
“What do you want from me?” Steve asks frankly, and it throws Tony for a loop because… what does he want? But before he can puzzle out his response Steve continues talking. “Because it sounds like you want me to fuck you.”
Steve looks down at him briefly, but keeps moving, walking him towards some mysterious location with hurried steps. Bucky’s head rolls back into Steve’s elbow and he groans at a new twinge of pain.
He dimly realizes his shirt has been cut away on that side, and wonders, when that happened before the sharp point of a knife digs into the meat of his back, leaving icy pain in its wake and cutting a clean line that he knows is exposing pearly drops of blood that will drip onto the beautiful designs that were strewn across the table. They will have spots of red, now. They will no longer be pristine.
He follows the straight line of Steve’s back silently, the only noises being the other Avengers talking quietly amongst themselves and the heavy clunking of Tony’s boots. The decontamination shower is on the ground floor for easy access, and Steve leads the way with no hesitation, pushing open the unassuming door to the changing room before the shower.
Bucky is yelling all the while, telling him to stop, please, and for a second, Steve pauses, but then he’s slamming his head into the wall, and Bucky hears a sickening crack as it connects. Steve rears back, clearly intent on doing it again, and Bucky
“I told you I was fine,”  he finally replies, and the tears don’t spill over, but it’s a close thing. Steve wipes his eyes impatiently with the back of his hand. “I’m not fine,” he says slowly, as if tasting the words on his tongue.
Tony makes the mistake of looking up, and it takes a conscious effort not to twitch under the scrutiny of the gaze that’s being directed at him. Steve’s glaring at him, his blue eyes pinning in him in place and piercing straight through all of his bullshit.
to smirk at him, before taking his down as far as he could go, deepthroating Tony with all he was worth.
“I’m not in love with him,” Bucky grumbles immediately, but suddenly finds it even harder to look the man in the eyes, and wow, isn’t that something he needs to investigate… never.
“You’re alone, these walls are sound-proof, you can come down here whenever you want…” Tony shrugs before painting on a wicked smirk, making a crude gesture with his left hand, the one not holding the plastic scrubber.
“Natasha, quickly. We’re going to be landing soon,” Bruce tells her, handing a fresh set of clothing to Thor in one enormous pile that is easily twice the size of Clint’s.
Whatever. He shakes his head, clearing it, and steps slightly closer, pocketing the little black tracker. “What do you say we take this back to the Tower? I’d love to take a look at your arm if you don’t mind.”
Rivulets of water run down Tony’s face in gentle strokes, and the man’s wrists are pinned, hair plastered to his head. His chest is bare and his muscles strain, abs contracting and flexing with some sort of movement. His mouth is slack in pleasure, his eyes half-lidded, and Bucky can almost taste the moan.
There’s Dr Erskine, lying dead on the floor. Then Bucky, falling off the train, his face twisted in horror and fright as his hand slowly slips from Steve’s grasp, the pure fear in his eyes as they lock onto Steve’s, pleading for something Steve can’t give him. There’s his mother, sick, coughing up blood as she clings to a life that won’t hold. Then there’s Peggy, old and withered in her casket, quite literally a ghost of the woman Steve once knew.
Tony shakes his head quickly. “If Steve wanted people to know, you wouldn’t be my boyfriend,” he snaps, and Bucky reels back as if he’s been struck.
All three are lovely, and Rhodey makes a mental note to take them when he leaves so he has some photos to remember them by. His bed is made perfectly, as always, and Rhodey neatly sets his bag down, before realizing he didn’t have his phone. He must have left it on the workshop couch, then, after taking the picture of the ultrasound. Yet another thing he wants to remember.
” He reels his arm back and throws his miraculously intact teacup as hard as he can. It clips Steve’s shoulder and shatters, and Steve grunts, a pained expression crossing his face.
Bucky makes up with Steve. He knows it wasn’t really his place to get in the middle anyway, and he apologizes for trying to get in the middle of it, and asks, shyly, if he and Steve want to maybe get dinner that evening, or visit their old stomping grounds.
Steve doesn’t say anything, but his shoulders suddenly hitch with a small, keening whine, and Tony’s resolve breaks. “Hey, hey,” he murmurs, dragging himself over to Steve. He nudges the other man’s thighs open gently and awkwardly hops over to sit between them, carefully resting his back against Steve’s firm chest.
Tony grabs the carcass of his comm, dragging a light over to see it better. He looks up at Steve, wanting information.
The question is: where the fuck does he find lemons. He doesn’t want to go to any grocery stores; the thought of walking through chilly air-conditioned aisles while people mill about and buy cereal and cold cuts makes a shiver of nervousness shoot through him.
The next day they start painting. The paint had already been delivered in various hues of yellow and green, and Natasha has some sort of tiny can thing going on in different colors that Tony’s not going to question.
On his way out he spots a ratty Dodgers cap by the door, and he pulls it low over his loose hair, keeping his head down as he strolls out into the streets; the fewer people who see his face, the better.
Steve has no fucking clue about anything, Bucky rekindles and starts friendships, Tony works on a Cadillac, and a slice of cheesecake is featured!
He takes time to look at the room. Since painting the walls for Tony, the room hasn’t changed a lot, but there are a few noticeable differences. For one, the wall is full of beautiful, vibrant flowers, and they even curl up around the posts of the crib in the corner. They’re breathtakingly drawn and delicate and
“And the door is…” Steve removes the hand and reaches around him, searching out the end. His palm thuds dully against the wall. “Here we go.”
Bucky sucks in deep breaths, trying to stave off nausea rising in his gut. It would not be a good idea to throw up on Tony.
The Soldier seems to think over it carefully. “Bucky sounds right,” he admits. He looks carefully at Tony then, as if checking for a positive reaction.
His father spent more time talking about Steve Rogers and the things he did, even going as far as showing Tony an old newsreel of Captain America in action, but Tony was far more interested in Bucky Barnes. Sure, he had Captain America action figures and posters of the man up on his walls, but Bucky fascinated him in a way that Steve just never did.
“Okay, yes, maybe,” Steve concedes miserably, “but it doesn’t change the fact that you and Tony are together, and
“Steve?” he repeats, and a gruff, “in here,” answers him from the bedroom. Tony hobbles over and swings that door open, unsurprised to find Steve sat against the headboard of his bed, at his feet stretched out in front of him.
He can’t sleep at night from nervousness, and when he does manage to close his eyes, he sleeps restlessly, tossing and turning. He’s also taken to rubbing his baby bump which now shows through most t-shirts, so he’s started wearing his baggiest ones, but even then it’s a little visible.
“Do you want to get another jacket?” he asks and immediately notes how Steve visibly forces himself to flinch.
Last thing: any questions, concerns, suggestions, etc. in the comments will be answered, even if you're finding this fic three years after it's last been updated. I just want to make sure there are no loose ends :)
Bucky grits his teeth and turns back to Steve whose eyes are wild with fury. “That made you feel better?” he rasps. “That’s what Tony did too. He pushed you until you snapped. Did you hit him too?”
“Thor’s not like that. If he says a cat’s a flerken and a red panda fairy’s named Napoleon, then that’s what they are.”
“They’re lovely,” he finishes, and gestures over to the chair where Thor can deposit them. Thor put down the abundance of stuffed animals and turned to face them, smiling widely.
Tony nods, because it’s true. He can remember all too well how a light Tony had never seen before had suddenly sprung up in Bucky’s eyes, making them shimmer and sparkle like a lake in the noon sun. He’d been happy to see it, of course he had, but it was more happiness over Bucky being happy than the actual cause for the twinkle. The twinkle is for Steve, and God does his heart ache whenever he thinks about it. More than anything, he’s terrified that Bucky will want his other half back completely, enough to shut Tony out.
He pulls his phone out of his pocket and stares at his messages for a long time. It’s obvious Steve is going through something, and although his instincts scream at him to text Tony, because Tony will know what to do, Tony
Steve’s smile falters, and too late Bucky realizes he shouldn’t have said that. Open mouth, insert foot. It would certainly be a better thing to have in his mouth than the words he just uttered.
He turned in Bucky’s arms to hug him properly. “I’m not going to say I’m sorry,” he mutters, “but for what it’s worth, I’m glad you know.”
Tony smiles a little, and holds open his arms. “You still want a hug?” he asks, and Bucky rolls his eyes fondly.
“Bucky,” Tony says quietly. “I don’t know if I’m ready to have Steve be a part of my life so quickly. You and I have been dating, you and Steve were in love, but Steve and I? We’re just not there. I’m pregnant with his child, because he hated me and I pushed too hard, Bucky, what about this situation seems right to you?”
He can’t stop running his tongue lightly over his lips, still slightly puffy from the kiss. His arms and hands are limp at his sides, hanging like an unmanned marionette's. They feel clumsy, stupid, where before they had purpose, they had reason, they were there to pull Tony closer, to curl around the smaller man and draw him to Steve, to cup the sharp line of that beautiful jaw and gaze into those soft brown eyes.
Tony kisses him back enthusiastically, because yes, this feels right, this feels good, this is what he
“I’m having a baby, oh, God, I’m having a child.” He grabs on hard enough to DUM-E make his knuckles white and sucks in breaths. “A fucking
He waves that one away after a while, and pulls up an x-ray. He makes a twirling gesture with his finger, and the screen swivels towards Bucky. Tony sits down on a chair with small black wheels on the feet, and nods at it.
Frustration clouds Bucky’s vision. “Why are you doing this to yourself?” he asks, and Steve raises an eyebrow. “Why are you so adamant that he hates you? Have you ever tried to talk to him
Tony rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. God, you’re gonna love this. I added a tiny gun, okay, and I put your star because I couldn’t remember if you asked or not but it’s there now and it looks
” he cries, and he’s sobbing so hard now it’s difficult to see, and guilt is clouding his vision because
He gets up on shaky feet and stumbles to the wall, slamming his fist against it and releasing a hoarse “fuck.”
How much he’s lost is just dawning on him, now, and he thumps his head against the wall, a sick part of him telling him he deserves the pain.
“Put him on the table,” he hears Tony say as if he’s standing at the end of a tunnel. A boiling tear escapes the cage of Bucky’s eyelashes and runs down his cheek. Huh. That hasn’t happened in nearly seventy years.
Bucky’s able to open his eyes much quicker, this time, though it’s probably because the truck is currently traveling through some sort of forest, from what he can see through the teeny window and the much larger ones beyond. The branches are filtering the light that’s filling the tiny back of the van, and a part of Bucky is thankful. The other part of him is concerned, because he has no fucking clue where he is.
Bucky tugs his bottom lip in between his teeth before he sighs. “We’re both going to therapy, Tony, and Steve’s on medication and a temporary break from the Avengers. We’re doing all we can, and while I can promise you if something does arise where we’re unhealthy to ourselves or each other, we’ll take a step back, but I really don’t think we need to.”
“Sort of,” Steve says. He leads Bucky down streets, weaving between people with an ease and confidence Bucky used to have. Not anymore.
They explain his inability to keep his mouth shut around the particularly harmful thoughts, and why he slapped Steve and threw the teacup at him.
There was a pay phone at the train station, Bucky knows, because he’d been standing right next to it while he waited for the train to reach the platform. It’d been on a big yellow post, and a man had even used it while Bucky was waiting, his voice hushed and hand cupped over his mouth.
The next day it happens again. He wakes up, goes to get breakfast, and throws up from the stench of whatever they’re having that morning, even if it’s as bland as porridge. After two more days of this happening, and the team starting to insist he goes to medical, he decides to just stay in his workshop all the time.
Bucky stretches his other arm over himself awkwardly and feels around where his shoulder and the metal connect, trying to find the little tiny button. The pad of his first finger catches on something so he presses desperately in that area, screwing his eyes shut as he is forced to twist even more on himself, his other shoulder
“Yeah, no shit,” Tony snorts. “At this point, though, it’ll take me like a half a minute. Goddamn, but I’ve been so fucking horny,” he groans. “Pregnancy fucking
Instead, he barely enters the hallway leading out of the kitchen before sinks down to the floor and draws his legs up to his body. He wishes the room would stop spinning.
Tony retches one last time before staggering to his feet. He wipes his mouth with the back of his un-armored hand and looks at the croissant forlornly.
Tony couldn’t even imagine the pain. So instead, he lets Steve cry until the small keening whines disappear and he stops shuddering, and his breathing begins to even out.
He wonders if this sort of thing is instinctual for him, this taking care of others… oh. Of course. Bucky was…Steve’s best friend when he was frail and small, and Tony had read his medical file. The boy had every possible thing one could have without being killed. Asthma, color blindness, a heart murmur, an immune system flimsier than the skin of a blueberry, chronic colds, hypertension, and several fun diseases like scarlet fever and rheumatic fever, the man was the definition of frail. Of
“Oh,” Tony says, closing his face a little and idly running a hand up and down his stomach. “What about her?”
About a week later, Tony finally approves him to be the receiver of a new motorcycle. They’d quickly realized taking apart an engine with only one hand was next to impossible, so he’d just decided to declare Bucky capable.
“I don’t remember much about the whole thing, just the words, you know,” Bucky says quickly, stumbling over his sentences. “And, and I think I was in love with you, but that didn’t make it right for me to say that. I don’t know if we were together, and, you know, even if we were, I’m still so sorry.” Bucky clamps his mouth shut, horrified by what just came out of his mouth.
At first, Bucky can’t feel anything, but then, a little movement, sort of like a ripple of water. He looks up at Tony and smiles widely. “I can feel her,” he whispers, and Tony nods excitedly. His eyes are getting a little misty and Bucky throws both his arms around his boyfriend once more, hugging him tightly.
“It’s that bad,” Clint grumps, one hand holding the towel around his waist while the other scrubs a second towel through his hair. “God, everything’s tingling. I feel like I just had sex with a loofa.”
“You’re fine, Steve, right? So you won’t mind me tearing this out, then,” Bucky snarls, and rips the page out violently, delighting in the sound that’s torn from the splitting of the page and the spine of the book. The ugly beast of rage rears his head from somewhere deep in Bucky, rendering him helpless to do anything but continue to wrench the page apart, yanking and yanking until pieces of creamy paper are drifting to the floor and there’s nothing but still silence.
“You too, Tony,” he says genially, and Tony finds he doesn’t even have to force the small smile this time.
“Be a part of her life in some form?” Tony asks, and carefully keeps his face emotionless. Steve nods quickly, a quick bob of his head, and Tony rolls the request around in his mind.
Jarvis replies that he’ll pass the message along, and Steve tugs on a blue sweater and black trousers, as if protecting all available skin. The bandages from his hand have long been removed, leaving unmarred pale skin behind. Steve doesn’t know how to feel about having no scars. He figures it’s probably for the best.
“Not,” Rhodey finishes for him, and sighs, then pauses, calculating. “Her?” he questions, and Tony grins widely, fishing around awkwardly in his pockets for the wrinkled and malleable picture.
Instead, he sets himself up in his workshop, dragging over a stack of things Pepper needs him to sign before Friday. It’s Tuesday. Might as well get started early, right?
Bucky doesn’t reply, too busy running his fingers through Steve’s hair and stroking his cheek, murmuring something too quiet for Tony or Bruce to hear.
JARVIS gently guides Bucky through scrubbing his hair and scalp with the shampoo, before rinsing it out, telling him to put the conditioner in only the ends of his hair and let it set in while he washes something else.
“Are you in love with him?” Bucky demands, voice low and furious. He’s not sure how things escalated to this point, but here they are.
The van bounces a little as it travels along the road, and one particularly jarring jolt has Bucky slamming his head back dully and biting back a groan. His headache isn’t gone, not at all, but Bucky knows he’s running out of time. He’s unsure of whether the two drivers decided to go through with the gas stop or not, and if they already made it if they did.
Tony won’t lie to himself and say that he doesn’t find Steve attractive, because it was that ass that got him in trouble in the first place. He knows he trusts Steve, because you’d have to be a fool to not notice the fucking loyalty the man’s displayed since the 1930s. He thinks Steve’s kind, he thinks he’s truly changing, and most important of all, Tony knows Steve would be wonderful with their daughter, and he knows he’ll be there for her whether he and Tony get together or not.
“Bucky, Steve nearly killed himself two weeks ago, and we’re just going to bounce back like that? Resume relationships like nothing happened? One of which has been on pause for
Bucky smiles and heaves himself up to go put his hands gently on Tony’s hips. “What about the bitter and salty?” he teases, and Tony huffs a laugh into his neck.
“Personally, I like to have my panic attacks in sanitary places,” says a snarky voice to his right, and Bucky is on his feet before he knows it, reaching for a neck that isn’t there with an arm that isn’t there…
Tony knows what makes it better. Having another person sleep next to him. But like hell he’s going to tell Bucky that.
He turns the page and freezes, because he definitely forgot about this one. He must have done it in the rush of everything because the sketch is unfinished, hurried, crude, but the emotion it captures…
“It won’t work,” Bucky says, shaking his head. “He has way more of the serum than me, and they just barely work on me. Won’t do anything to him.”
It’s tempting to give in to the thoughts, but now isn’t the time for several reasons: First, he doesn’t actually know what’s wrong. Second, one thing Dr Matty had made sure to drill in his head was that it wasn’t always his fault. Third, and possibly most important, he has a lot of his own issues to focus on, one of which being the unborn child he is currently carrying.
Between the gum, and the oil puddle and the likelihood of that puddle not actually being oil but actually piss, it doesn’t seem like a very good spot to have a rest. Bucky does, anyway.
Bucky’s heart melts, but he doesn’t let his expression show. “That’s okay, Steve. Here, wait one moment while I get you some food, though, okay?”
He’s scared that Pepper, in particular, will take it badly, because they’d never really rekindled their friendship after they broke up, even after all this time, but she deserves to know.
Many moons have passed, the seasons scrambling on their tails like dogs running after a mail truck, leaving behind the memories of fiery leaves and cold frozen water and rains and sunshine.
, and Steve would have felt bad for the shock he must have dealt himself by opening the book, but fuck, Steve can’t think a single thougt over the pounding of his heart and the sudden roar of blood in his ears.
He tells her no, he hasn’t, and she starts to frown. “I see,” she says, and marks something. “And you did tell me you felt remorse and guilt after, correct? And that you felt the rage was somewhat all-consuming?”
Logically, Bucky knows he’s right, but he can’t help the thought niggling the corner of his mind and when he finally voices it and Steve gasps, he knows he’s hit the nail on the head.
Steve leaves off the plundering of his mouth to suck brutal hickies into his neck, his hand reaching down to grasp the other man. Tony moans again and slumps against the wall, tilting his head up and baring his neck to Steve, who growls and nips the side of his neck lightly, enough to leave faint teeth marks but not enough to break the skin.
You just stood there, expected me to remember things you fucking know I couldn’t, Rogers,” he spits, and Steve flinches at the use of his last name.
Bucky knows this is where he needs to stop. This is where he needs to sit down and collect himself, where he needs to take a step back and remember that this isn’t all about him but, for the life of him, he can’t.
behind him. He decides to take the stairs instead of the elevator, looking forward to a little walk in the peaceful tower after dark.
Bucky pauses, because yes, that’s true. “You did,” he agrees carefully, “but so did I. I’m the one who’s at fault here, I – I pushed you, I lost control, and I’m the one who made you freak out.”
“That being said,” Tony says, and clears his throat. “I, uh, I’m sorry. I pushed you, and I’m pretty sure I’ve said this before, but it really wasn’t my place to do so. I should have remembered Bucky had just passed for you a few months ago, not seventy-four months ago.
When the food finally arrives in front of him, he digs in, almost groaning at the flavor. He figures he can add the juice from the lemon wedges the girl gives him because he has an entire goddamn lemon in his pocket, so he carefully squeezes out on half of his taco, and good God is that amazing.
But he thought he could take it. He did. He distanced himself from everyone else, went to the gym to work out his frustrations, locked the drawer with his sketchbooks firmly, and tried his damndest to sleep.
Bucky approves, and not just because it’s something affiliated with Steve, but because he’s seen, up close and personal, the old Captain America uniform from the forties, and this is a hell of an improvement. He licks his lips and shifts his eyes to Tony’s.
He curls in on himself, trying to hide from the man in front of him, and startles when a warm chest is pressed against his back, warm arms gathering him close. He turns his head and cries into a firm pectoral instead, muffling his tears in Bucky’s black shirt.
Steve nods his head, gesturing for Bucky to follow him, before going through the doorway and stepping to the side, allowing Bucky to go first as he locks the door. Bucky isn’t quite sure what to do so he just keeps going forwards, completely blind.
Light is now pouring through the windows, and Bruce gently shakes Tony awake, stepping back when the other man’s head shoots up in alarm.
Right now he’s sitting on the armchair by the huge window in the common room, the one you can see the whole city from. The midday sunlight is warm on his face and he lies back in his chair, his hair spread around his shoulders, and his knees drawn up tight to his chest.
Eventually, Steve has the good sense to rip Bucky’s shirt directly off his body, as in tearing the fabric and everything, and Bucky moans obscenely because
The few movies that had been filmed about Captain America all portrayed him as a second thought, and often didn’t show any of his skills or charm, only used his character as a supportive figure in Steve’s life, almost a human crutch.
“How is your relationship with Steve right now?” Bucky asks carefully, and watches as Tony’s face closes off a little. It pains him, but he can’t think of a gentler way to break the news of what he’d done.
It’s empty, because Steve was too narrow minded to begin even a friendship, one he had desperately needed.
“I’ve been waiting for you to ask. Of course you can, but I need some time before she’s actually born, okay?”
Tony coats his fingers in lube and wraps a hand around him, squeezing very gently before slicking it up and down Bucky’s cock. He reaches up on his tip toes and kisses Bucky, lazily sliding his tongue into the other man’s mouth as Bucky gasps in pleasure, before trailing kisses down his neck and sucking a mark into his clavicle.
Tony does his best to kiss back, but mostly his head is just tilted against the wall, powerless under the unrelenting ravishing of his mouth. One huge hand comes away from the wall to grasp Tony’s jaw, forcing it upwards and changing the angle of the kiss, and Tony moans.
“Is this a joke?” he asks quietly, dangerously. His hand is shaking around his pencil ever so slightly, the tip quivering. Tony can see the pencil bending, small fissures appearing in the wooden exterior.
Bucky doesn’t say anything, instead, and lets Steve slowly push himself off the wall and have a look around, his cornflower blue eyes taking in every detail hungrily. It’s like he forgets Bucky is there when he trails his fingers through the strings holding the tiny planets over the crib, or runs a hand gently over the flowers choking the walls.
Tony gags again, but the hand is helping. The press of his is different than Natasha’s, much firmer and less assured. The hand is bigger, and when it starts rubbing hesitantly it covers much more area, soothing him instantly. It grounds him, and as he straightens up and slowly starts taking in breaths, the hand doesn’t leave, which Tony is immeasurably grateful for.
Steve looks up from his sketchbook when Tony plops down next to him on the couch. His drawing is of Clint flinging himself off of a roof, bow in one hand, and hair in wild directions. He’s working on the curve of the bow when Tony interrupts him, and it’s with barely concealed impatience that he looks up.
The Soldier watches him wearily while he regains his breath, and removes his hand only when Tony looks at him. “Don’t move,” he says, and walks off.
Bucky’s heart sinks and he turns the page, hoping for something different on the next one, maybe a harmless drawing that would not point to
Now, a couple of weeks later, Tony looks up from the half-assembled motorcycle on his floor, scowling. “I told you not to let anyone… Rhodey!”
The Avengers don’t assemble for a longer period than normal, this time being two weeks before they go out, exactly six weeks from what Tony’s referring to as the “incident”. Tony wakes up groggy, scrambling out of bed before the alarm even finishes blaring. He curses the world for being evil the one day he actually spends the night in his bed, trying to get decent rest, but is out of the Tower, suit assembled around him, in barely five minutes.
He’s spent quite a bit of time thinking of himself, however, and what kind of father he’ll make. The thought used to terrify him, used to send him right over the edge and into a panic attack, but then his thoughts would switch to Bucky, sweet Bucky, who was a little rough around the edges and maybe made some rash decisions, but definitely a man who would make sure Tony never turned out to be the father Howard was.
Tony wolf-whistles as Clint tugs his shirt off to join his pants on the floor, and Clint gives him the middle finger in response, not even breaking his litany of mingled curses and complaints. He steps through the slim door at the back, the panel closing behind him with a whoosh, and then it’s silent for a few minutes. The only sound is from a muttered conversation between Natasha and Bruce, and Tony wonders what for.
“Tony,” Steve pants, winded from sprinting the flights of stairs and lengths of hallways to get to the workshop. “JARVIS, tell him to let us in. It’s an emergency.”
But then again, these were his private sketchbooks and no one had ever seen them, something he planned to keep that way (at least for the *cough* sensitive ones). Still, it was with gritted teeth that he tentatively started the drawing, the details flowing from his memory to the page effortlessly, pathetically.
“Why? Why, Steve? Why couldn’t you have just left me? I’d still be there after you and Tony sorted your shit out.” It’s a lie, of course. Bucky wouldn’t have been there. But of course, Steve doesn’t need to know that.
The point was, at the end of all of this, that Bucky Barnes was an exceptionally amazing person and was quickly becoming one of the most important people in Tony Stark’s life.
The doctor gently, ever so gently, places a hand on his knee. “You are, and it’s going to be alright.”
“Aww, Brucie, don’t get all soft on me now. I’m perfectly fine, see?” he does a little twirl, mindful of the hot cup of liquid in his hand, to demonstrate the fact. “I’m always okay.”
“What’s my name?” the Soldier asks abruptly, turning to look at him. “You said… Bucky? Bucky Barnes?”
The day is cloudy when they come back, having finally tracked down Bucky a week ago, and Tony’s standing with the others on the landing pad, heart beating faster than he thinks it ever has. One of his hands is clenched into a fist, and the other bunches up his shirt a little to conceal the bump, the side of his thumb pressing against it subtly, protectively, as if making sure it’s still there.
yesterday. That part of him demands he man up and stop being such a wuss, and is still expecting at any moment to be shot in the ass, or worse, calf.
When his cries have tapered off and he’s reduced to a hiccuping mess, she softly asks him what’s happened, in English.
Tony sets himself down a few feet from the Soldier, flipping up his faceplate. He thinks he sees a flicker of… something... when his face is revealed, but he shrugs it off and holds his hands up in a placating manner.
He sets a tea bag into the hot water-filled mug and leaves it to steep while he takes his time cutting the apple, only putting the slices on a plate when the tea is ready.
It’s Tony’s turn to clear his throat, now. “And me?” he asks, trying not to sound like a petulant child.
makes a warm feeling bloom through his chest, soothing the ache. The ache disappears completely when Bucky leans down to kiss him long and slow, murmuring a quiet, “thank you” before turning around and gathering ingredients for pancakes.
Bucky sets to waking up the other man by lightly rubbing his metal hand up and down his back, his other hand still wrapped tightly around his middle to keep him from slipping to the floor. Tony wakes slowly, his eyelids fluttering slightly, before he yawns and tries to burrow into Bucky’s chest, hiding his face from sight.
They’re on a mission and Tony is just ripping the head off of a doombot when JARVIS whispers urgently into his ear that the Winter Soldier is near the premises.
He couldn’t, though. He couldn’t take it. This was simply too much. This was it. He’d reached his breaking point. He couldn’t keep going like this, just keeping this inside with his traumatic memories.
Tony laughs a little, the corners of his eyes crinkling a little. “God, sometimes I forget what a people-pleaser he is.”
“Tony,” Steve says, and he smiles a little. “You don’t have to explain to me how easy it is to fall for Bucky Barnes.” His grin slips a little, and he clears his throat. “You’re right, however, that I can’t just sweep everything I did under the rug because I had a mental illness. So, I would like it to be said: I’m sorry. I’m not going to fucking say it again and I know you won’t either, but I am. I really am. I shouldn’t have left you pregnant. Even though I was feeling betrayed, I should have at least stayed for her, because you’re right. She is precious, and very much worth living for.
“Why so tight, Capsicle?” Tony asks, leaning casually against the side of the quinjet, faceplate up and a wicked smirk painted on his face. The other man is standing in front of the ramp, spine so ramrod straight and rigid, he almost makes Tony feel guilty for slouching. Almost.
It’s absolutely perfect, and Bucky knows Tony’s been wanting to paint the door, but he doesn’t really think it’s necessary. Unless…
Bucky takes a half-second to appreciate Steve like this. This is the most open and carefree he’s seen him yet, and this is the Steve Rogers he has broken memories of. He almost wants to break up the moment of silliness and laughter and curl himself around Steve and say how glad he is that he’s here, but he knows that will bring nothing but confusion and will put them on a funny note.
Steve smiles at him, a grin that’s a little too crooked, a little too bittersweet. “Want to go get cheesecake? I know a place that’s open until midnight.”
Dr Matty. The only psychologist that he’d ever trusted, and a hell of a woman. Her full name was Mathilda Offman but, as she’d told Tony once,
To his horror, there are tears collecting just behind his eyes, a blindingly hot pressure that’s just begging to spill over. Tony blinks them back. Between him and Steve, he needs to be the strong one here. “I don’t know,” he chokes out in a strangled voice that absolutely conveys he had been about to cry. “I just don’t
“I knew you were in love with me,” Steve interrupts, and goes back to his food. “I was, too,” he says and looks at Bucky, eyes twinkling. “Apology accepted.”
“Not sure. Probably,” Tony admits. He can practically hear the Soldier choosing his next words carefully.
The journey from the car to the inside of Stark Tower is one that Bucky makes, but just barely, and only because Clint’s holding his elbow on one side, Natasha the other. He makes it inside, however, and slumps inside the elevator once they enter.
“Look,” Tony says, through a clenched jaw. “This doesn’t involve you, okay? We’re happy, the baby’s healthy, Steve’s moved on,
He picks up the small canvas bag he has tucked in the back of the drawer and fishes out a drawing pencil, sketching out some quick scenes he’ll return to later, but ones that he wants to remember. There are three scenes that he crudely maps out, trying to capture little moments in time of his best friend.
Tony gently pulls his now faintly trembling hand from Bucky’s grasp and brings it up to cup the side of Bucky’s jaw, cradling it softly. Bucky’s breath hitches and he meets Tony halfway, ducking his head while Tony tilts his up, their lips meeting.
He tries to eat slowly, to make it last, but it seems all too soon that he has an empty plate in front of him. He uses a fork he finds in a dispenser and carefully scoops the meat off his plate, picking at the little pieces until his plate is empty.
Bucky would kiss him as often as Tony wanted, however, as long as they weren’t around the team, or in public. Tony also didn’t mind, as the kisses he got in private more than made up for it.
To that, Bucky smiles back, moving his metal hand from where it had been on the small of his back to the side of Tony’s face, then extending his thumb to gently rub the curve of Tony’s cheekbone. “You’re real’ pretty, you know that?” he rasps and watches in quiet delight as a light flush spreads over Tony’s cheeks, warming the skin under his metal hand.
The next thing he has to do is send an email to Pepper, because she’s set to visit in two weeks, and Tony feels more excitement than nervousness, to his pleasant surprise. It’s just what he needs. A very much needed distraction from the two testosterone-riddled men who are currently driving him crazy, although one more than the other, to Bucky’s credit.
There’s silence as Bucky’s lips part from the skin, just a bubble of warmth and heat as they stare into one another’s eyes. Everything else falls away, and all Bucky can feel is the delicate hand and pulse beneath his fingertips, a pulse that’s racing faster and faster by the second.
Steve turns and looks at him for a long, long second, his eyes boring into Bucky’s. “It doesn’t matter,” he concludes, and turns away, saying, “why did you bring me here?”
Bucky is missing. That’s the whole reason that Tony is riding this train of thought in the first place.
He wants to pull away, wants to go hide in a corner, but can’t quite make himself escape the warmth that is Bucky.
The slightly mocking nickname makes Steve’s eyes narrow, but instead of rising to the bait like he usually would, he took a deep breath. “There’s something I need you to do for me,” he says carefully, cautiously.
organized. It looks more like a guest’s room than the owner’s. There is no personalization anywhere, and at the present moment, Tony can’t find it within him to speculate about what this means about their current resident super soldier’s state of mind.
“Yeah, I mean, yes.” He swallows heavily and meets the eyes of the man who he was used to seeing with a gun in his hand and murder in his eyes, who now just looks… lost. “Can I help you?” he asks, his voice only wobbling a little.
Bucky finds himself wondering what his hand feels like to Tony, but almost immediately dismisses the thought. Of course his hands wouldn’t hold the same quiet grace. What a ridiculous thought. He knows his hands are big, knows they’re strong, but he also knows they’re only good for holding a utensil, wrapping around someone’s neck, holding and pulling the trigger of a gun, and pushing his hair out of his face. Hell, he doesn’t even have both of them.
Steve had hated that, had let the guilt and self-disgust rise up within him until he simply couldn’t stand it and had to leave. He’d forgotten all about his suit, all about whatever he had gone to ask Tony, about everything that wasn’t the bitter smile gracing Tony’s lips.
Tony actually is surprised; he expected him to say James or Barnes but masks it quickly before it can show on his face. “You got it,” he says lightly instead.
“Can’t sleep?” Bucky hears a tired voice ask. He jumps nearly a foot in the air and swears a blue streak. Jesus Christ, it’s been quite some time before someone’s managed to sneak up on him like that. He really must be tired.
He goes to the bathroom and takes the test. He goes back. He sits down. He hands the test to the doctor. He folds his hands neatly and waits for the doctor’s verdict.
It was time to return to Midgard, but Thor’s mind was buzzing with thoughts related to something other than his pending visit to see his friends.
“You obviously had the same reaction,” Bucky says, startling Steve out of his thoughts and, just like that, Steve feels as though he’s been thrust into frigid water.
he can handle my ass,” Tony shoots back without thinking, and they all freeze, Steve with a stricken look on his face, all the blood in his cheeks draining away as he goes pale. Bucky just goes very, very still.
There’s a small bulge in his stomach now, his hard-won abs mostly disappearing with it. He rubs a hand slowly over it, and his breath hitches, his eyes suddenly brimming with tears. “Holy shit,” he chokes out. He looks at Natasha desperately. “I’m having a baby,” he chokes out.
He leaps to his feet, unminding of the teacup still in his hand sloshing boiling water all over his fingers and stands there, heaving. “It was your fault,” he hisses, shaking so hard he can barely get out the words.
“What?” Tony slurs. He tilts his head up and frowns at him, before trying to look down at his feet, a shocked look on his face. “Did we…?”
, when he sees a bit of color poking through and he frowns, because this is the last drawing he remembers doing.
As it turns out, Bucky Barnes is quiet when he’s getting off, the only noises breaking free from him being soft gasps, breathy moans, and a quiet ‘uh’. Tony desperately wants to hear what he sounds like when he’s getting fucked, but he figures there’s always time for that later.
“You didn’t tell me you knocked him up and left him,” Bucky says gruffly, suddenly looking up and meeting Steve’s eyes. Any trace of wistfulness was gone from their stormy depths, fury taking its place.
And what a whore. Tony Stark is a whore. He was dirty. He was probably the easiest man alive. It seemed every week there was a new supermodel he was bringing to his bed, yet another person he ensnared to do depraved things with. And God, did that make Steve one of them? Was he just another notch in Tony’s bedpost?
“It’s a communicator. Just put it in your ear and ask for me. I’ll be able to talk to you through it.” This is a bad idea. This is such a bad idea.
“What the fuck is his problem?” Tony growls as he stalks down the hall, his hand still firmly clenched around Bucky’s flesh one.
DUM-E whirs sadly and strokes his shoulder, and he can’t help but melt into the damned thing. Tony clutches at the cold metal that makes up his learning robot, trying to ground himself and quell down the panic that’s rising within him.
Tony huffs and arranges himself into a sitting position. “Shouldn’t have told you that,” he grumbles, and attempts to push Bucky away and stand.
be creative with it (make it a weird color or give it a unicorn horn or wings or something) and give me a response, or dont. It's totally your call, and I know no ones going to probably do it, but the offer's open!
Tony’s hands are nothing like Bucky expected. He thought they would be soft, for some reason, soft like he imagined the man’s hair to be and his affection to come across as. Instead, they’re rough and calloused from working and holding things all day, and bigger than Bucky previously thought. He can feel the strength in them as Tony’s fingers flex minutely around his, but he can also feel the dexterity, the fine motor skills they’re sure to possess. They’re also warm, and Bucky desperately wants to bring Tony’s palm to his cheek to see if it’ll warm his cold demeanor.
“Alright, that’s it,” Bucky decides, yanking the covers away. “Steve, I know you’re feeling awful and I know you don’t want to get up, but I need to see something, to
It’s quiet here, and he knows no one will bother him. He sits and rests his back against the dirty wall, breathing through his mouth to escape the unshakable stench of piss and vomit all alleyways seem to inevitably produce.
He reaches behind himself and opens a drawer, pulling out a battered bottle of lube. Thank goodness he had made the decision to work at this table. He tosses it to Bucky, who catches it with a smirk and a raised eyebrow, rolling his eyes.
“Damn, you’d put any guy to shame,” Tony says, suddenly finding himself rambling and not knowing how to stop it. “Do you work out? What a silly question, of course, you don’t. Jesus Christ, look at those muscles, you’re really hot, you know that? Oh, I need to shut up.”
In other news, the update for next week might be a little spotty, so be just be prepared for the possibility for chapter 7 being posted a Tuesday late, along with chapter 8! This is also a good chapter to stop at if you don't want the see the stuckony start forming, however lopsided it will be at first.
“Oh,” Tony says, and he looks relieved. “Hey, do you want to help me? We still need to paint the far wall.”
Tony sighs. He should’ve known. Still, something had seemed vaguely familiar. Not like personally met familiar, but like someone you’d have seen in the news. He shakes it off, and reaches to turn his own comm on before he remembers: oh, right, he gave it to the Winter Soldier. He sighs and lifts off the ground to rejoin the fight.
“God, Stark, just do the damn thing!” Steve yells, fury taking over his features. “You’ll know why, I promise, just
Tony takes a deep breath and looks down at the glowing blue tablet in his hands. “I think I was a little hasty in agreeing,” he admits, and Bucky cocks his eyebrows, as if saying,
Tony grins at him gratefully, and turns to one of his fancy holographic displays. “I have a surprise for you.”
Tony sits in his chair for a long time after the Soldier leaves, cradling his head in his hands. He found Barnes. Barnes is alive. James Buchanan Barnes, Steve’s best friend, the one from the comic books, the one that should have died falling off that godforsaken train seventy years ago… is alive.
Bucky just smiles and shakes his head. “Is that a blush I see?” he asks mockingly, just the right amount of seduction thrown in. Like he predicted, Tony immediately flushes, and Bucky silently congratulates himself on the successful mission.
A smiling doctor comes into the room not two seconds later, his long black hair pulled back neatly into a braid. He walks up to Tony, the customary clipboard tucked under his elbow and offers his hand.
Steve whips his head back around to look at him. “Are you telling me you’re going to break up with your boyfriend to let me be with him?”
Materialistically, everything’s there. The painting on the door is the last thing that needs to be finished in the nursery, and Tony has done so much research on baby clothes and things you should buy for them that he’s this close to saying
His conversations with his friends, particularly the sex parts, have really spurred him on, and more than ever he was missing a proper fuck, not just a quick date with his right hand before bed.
“Just trust me, huh, jerk?” Steve told him quietly and grabbed the collar of Bucky’s shirt, using it to steady himself as he went up onto his toes and very gently fit his mouth to Bucky’s.
“Always,” he shoots back cheekily, and pulls the smaller man into his arms. “I’m still so sorry,” he says after a while, breathing the words into soft black hair. “Wasn’t my place.”
Steve snorts, but then stops when it makes his eyes burn. These memories are few, but they’re rich in
“Coffee or tea?” he asks, and both Steve and Bucky tense. Tony seems to realize his mistake a second later and quickly pulls out three packets of ground coffee beans. “Coffee it is then, gents.”
It occurs to him that the man in his arms is very, very fragile, and right now very, very vulnerable. it would be all too easy to snap his neck, suffocate him… A firm punch to the stomach could even result in a miscarriage…
Bucky bites his lip. He kind of misses his star. “Can you do paint jobs?” he asks, tentatively, wondering what the answer will be.
He already felt a little dirty from all the words he’d said to Tony, and then Steve. The Soldiers is screaming at him to just shut up and go curl in a corner, hold a loaded and cocked gun in front of him, and shoot anyone who tries to take him out of it.
“Sure.” Bucky feels something inside of him solidify comfortably as Tony hands him a paint roller and a bucket of paint, balancing them both in his one arm. Because this? Receiving orders and following through with them? That’s something he’s used to, something that’s second nature.
Of what? When he was fucking me? Because I can tell you about that if you want to hear. The wall was fucking cold, you know, but the water was scalding.” He laughs derisively, and Bucky winces at the harshness of it, the self-deprecation embedded within.
There, he works for the better part of six hours, taking a break only to eat a bag of vinegar and salt chips, wiping his greasy fingers on his sweatpants, the only pants that fit him anymore. In the remaining hour before Bucky is to visit, he covers the project with the same blue cloth he had used to wrap his arm in, and settles down on the couch with his tablet.
Bucky’s not sure where he’s going, actually, but he does know that there will be a place he ends up, if he just lets his feet take him. Some time passes and he notices he’s back in the alleyway, the one where Tony threw up, Winter brought him some water, and the pair separated for a long time.
Barnes comes back a few seconds later, a plastic cup held in his right hand. His left hand is hidden in the sleeve of his jacket, probably to hide it from people in the store, but now he shakes it loose and lays it on Tony’s shoulder, providing a comforting weight.
Tony swallows his own mouthful, hard, before throwing his head back and laughing. “You would be,” he teases.
“I’m pregnant,” he tells her, voice scratchy from crying. He looks up at her, noting her pursed lips. “Did you know?” he asks softly.
Dozens of little buzzing drones are flying around, their movements jerky and uncoordinated as they travel in loose formation. White liquid is dropping from their underbellies, dripping it all over the highway and parked cars as they meander along. It’s soupy and thick, like cream of mushroom, and doesn’t seem to be doing anything.
which is a thousand times worse than tense. Tense means at least civil, but angry means Tony’s really done something wrong.
The Soldier suddenly sinks to the floor and pats next to him, staring straight ahead. Tony is wearing a very expensive suit that was tailored just for him, by one of the best tailors in all of New York. To ruin it on dirty alley walls by sliding down them, what a waste. Yet he still finds himself doing that very thing not two seconds later, leaving an inch of space between them.
