“Just…try not to break anything else,” he said, trying to make a joke, and failing horribly.
“C-Cas?” Sam asked, finally seeing the weapon next to him the backseat of the car. There was no one else around, though he could see they were parked in front of Dean’s house once more.
Dean held up his cell phone, and gave a little (slightly sheepish) grin. “Gotta make a call. I’ll be up in a bit.”
While one of those would have been enough to make Dean panic, all at once was about to give him a stroke.
Gabriel muttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
There were few cars in the motel parking lot, but his eyes were immediately drawn to the black 1967 Chevy Impala gleaming in the night.  He approached with a grin and ran a hand over her smooth, shiny hood.
“Crap, we missed some plot stuff, we gotta rewind it,” Gabriel said when he looked at the scene playing on the T.V.
Castiel seemed bemused by Sam’s verbal blunders if the curl at the edge of his lip was any indication. “Don’t worry, Sam,” he said. “You haven’t even begun to scratch the surface of the indignities Dean has spouted my way so far.”
Sam shrugged. “It’s the truth, isn’t it? I’m a whole new level of freak.”
Dean was grinning like an idiot at the image of his friend in the pink apron feeding him pie. Until the thought that the image was kinda hot, with Castiel’s messy hair and flour-splattered hands with the rolled up shirt sleeves and, well, pie, that sobered Dean up real quick. Because what the hell was that? Cas wasn’t hot, he was Dean’s
Castiel might have been a cranky bastard, but Dean couldn’t help but think he wasn’t so bad to keep around. Yes, it was freaky as fuck that he basically had an angel permanently perched on his shoulder. But Castiel hadn’t done anything deserving of a death warrant. Yet.
“What was what?”
Sam sighed. “Whatever,” he mumbled under his breathe.
“That’s my girl,” Dean said. They ended up talking for several more minutes about Jo’s return to school. She was just about to start the fifth grade and was exceptionally excited to see her old friends. Poor girl hadn’t gone out much during the summer—it wasn’t like she had many friends nearby.
“Not only,” Dean admitted. He tilted his head over to the table where Sam’s empty breakfast dishes still sat. “You moved that cup this morning.”
If Cas were in front of him, he probably would have been wringing his hands; at least, that's what the grace felt like.
“A tenant? Where does he stay?”
Dean had to agree, though. Finally, Chuck's strings were cut, the biggest bad of them all toppled. Finally, they could have the lives they wanted. Finally, Sam wouldn't be the third wheel to their star-crossed pining for each other anymore.
Dean snuck a look over at the fallen angel in his passenger seat, talking with his kid brother like old friends. He couldn’t help the little smirk that grew as he watched them.
“Yeah, well, you were certainly
“I don’t know, something, anything! Jo was almost killed last night, Dean almost died last night. We can’t do this anymore, Bobby, it’s irresponsible!”
All that I want for you my son, is to be satisfied.
. You never crack a book yet you’ve got some of the highest grades in the class. What gives?”
When Sam didn’t respond, Meg cleared her throat. “So, what’re we doing today?”
The pressure in the room changed abruptly, like a cold front sweeping across the plains on a hot summer day. Were he in control his ears probably would have popped. The door was viciously kicked open and an older man in a navy jacket, white shirt, and khakis waltzed inside. Dean was glad he wasn’t in control because he probably would have vomited at the thick smell of burnt flesh and sulfur, and by what he was seeing.
He managed to walk away without turning back or pausing. Once Dean hit the wooden steps leading to the kitchen, he sat down heavily. Scrubbing both hands over his face, he found Cas standing next to him. With his shoulders slumped and eyes hooded, Cas turned towards the iron door. "We have to tell him."
“Who’s Pamela?” Castiel asked.
Sam looked at his shirt, faded green with ragged edges. “Yeah, I could use a new shirt too.”
“Hello, Dean.” Dean’s voice spoke, but it was deeper, closer to Cas’s raspy monotone, coming from his own throat. It was jarring.
“First of all, don’t call me that. It’s Sam. Secondly, I’m cross-referencing some information from an older tome. So, I
“You aren’t getting out of shooting practice that easily,” she said, ignoring their looks, instead walking away, leaving him behind.
They snuck down the alleyway and paused at the end, Sam poking his head out to see if the coast was clear. “Girls!” he gasped. They paused, and could hear snarling sounds and moaning howls and underneath it they heard Ruby’s swearing and cries for “Sam!”
“Maybe next time we can actually eat something,” Meg said with a chuckle.
“Haha, I’m smarter than you!” Ruby teased.
That knocked the air right out of him. The Krampus was there above him, baring down and ready to try and bite his head right off. The stake was still in his hands, and he used it to try and shield himself from the kishin-egg, hitting it in the face with it like a bat.
“Picky bitch.” Dean grumbled but replaced the soup and instead made him a sandwich with all the fixings, loading up on the meat and cheese to get some protein in him. He presented the plate with a flourish.
“Bite me, bitch,” Dean swore, but his arm was getting tired, and the cans on the rusted trunk still weren’t doing anything. No, that wasn’t true: they were
Despite claiming to know so much, this poor angelic bastard was just trying to muddle through, just like him. It was comforting in a way--made Castiel more relatable.
The Trickster changed his demeanor when he looked Sam up and down and gave him a cocky little grin. “Gotta admit, though, wasn’t expecting to see you so soon, Sam. Didn’t have you pegged as a masochist,” he wiggled his eyebrows.
“Thank you for your help, Castiel.”
“We take from different sides of the family. By the way, how is dear Michael?” Lucien asked. There was a frosty tone to his words as he returned to his seat and motioned for them to sit in the few stools that didn’t have clutter on them.
“And do what after that, exactly?” he asked.
Dean leaped back into his salt barrier and held the iron bar like a baseball bat. His green eyes darted around the yard, waiting.
The shower was fraught with danger so Dean just used a wet washcloth to clean himself up. Once dressed, he debated if chugging the beers in the fridge would help or hinder things. He only had a few hours left. Luckily, Bobby agreed to meet  Sam at the lumber mill. He had faith they’d come up with something. He kinda had to.
Cas moved slightly closer to Dean’s side, lips pursed in concern.
“What are you talking about?” Dean asked warily.
“Don’t let the snarky attitude fool you, she’s actually not that bad,” he said with an apologetic smile. Ruby huffed but did not speak.
He spent an extra moment running his fingers over the soft, threadbare fibers of his shirt before he noticed Dean behind the open flap. Gingerly he got the socked feet and made his way over, smoothing down his hair as he went. “Dean, why am I in here?”
Dean opened his mouth, then shut it quickly. In hindsight, he could now remember the wide paths around Cas as they walked to class, the whispers of other students as they walked past. At the time, Dean had been carefree and oblivious. Now he felt both guilty as hell for not seeing it, and pissed for not sticking up for Cas.
As he walked closer, he saw how derelict the place looked, with its rusty spots and peeling paint. There was a truck sitting outside the entrance that he might be able to hotwire to get to Bobby’s. Since there was no one inside when he looked into the windows, he wrapped his flannel around his hand and broke into the building. No alarms went off, and no one with a shotgun came out of the back.
“Well, I’m pretty sure the red-haired bunny in white liked me,” Dean said casually. “I’d have convinced her to let us go.”
“Those are my friends Cas and Sam.”
Sam cleared his throat uncomfortably. Dean was about to shove the pine branch from his jacket pointy-end first down the bastard’s throat when Sam cut in.
“Dean, it's me, Lilith!" She tutted and waved her finger at him. "Did you really think an angel would help you escape? Ruby was right; Sam really is the brains between you two. At least Sam will have a decent hunting partner now. Time to come home, Dean. We’ve missed you, and you have a job to do."
Sam was reminded of a scene from a movie he and Dean had enjoyed recently called Baby Driver. The gimmick was fun--the heist movie was in sync with the music the main character, Baby, listened to. He thought of how Baby bonded with his girlfriend in the film, by listening to music through a pair of shared headphones.
The meisters got back to their feet, warily looking for the one in the darkness of the street to finally reveal himself. “Get ‘em, boy,” they heard, and a large black dog, the size of a Great Dane but built like a Mastiff bounded forward. It only paused when passing Sam and gave him a look before it went up to the first soul and swallowed it greedily.
“So, you’re saying we’re completely SOL?” Gabriel asked. He shot a glare at Castiel and Dean. “Thanks, guys, for dragging us all the way out here just to get killed by some crazy lady and her horde of kishin-eggs! Happy Halloween, assholes!”
movies--a cyborg. To be fair, Gabriel had been running around as a demigod for millennia; maybe that drilled some personality into him. Or, even though Cas did the same thing as still came off like an alien who has just crashed landed on Earth, maybe Cas was the odd angel out.
Bobby was fiddling with an old coffee pot that was probably from one of the World Wars. “Hey, Sam, Grab some mugs, please? From that cabinet over there?”
“What the fuck happened to you, Sam?” Dean demanded. When Sam gave him a bewildered shrug, Dean pointed at his arms. “I can see it on your skin. You’ve got some sort of--I dunno--demonic presence in you!”
Kali snickered. “Milton is your actual surname?”
“Nice to meet you, Castiel.”
Now in nothing but a pair of black boxer briefs, his wristwatch, and his jewelry, Dean shivered at both the cool air from the fan overhead and the icy looks from his brother and oldest friend. He felt self-conscious as they looked him over. The salt-encrusted, iron walls of the panic room seemed to be pressing in on him as he clasped his hands in front of his crotch. Strangely, his amulet felt warm on his chest.
“Cliff Notes version,” Dean pressed on. “I’m possessed by a broken angel who busted me out of Hell so we can stop the Apocalypse. However, he can’t drive the car.” Dean pointed towards himself, the handcuff’s chain jingling.  “He’s like a bumper sticker--he’s just there.”
me. Too late for that, Cas.”
“-not kidding, Sam. Dean must be so worried--”
“Anyway, an informant has told me that a kishin has set up shop in the town. Several people have gone missing, presumed dead. We need you to go check out the town and destroy to kishin, Dean and Castiel. I know you’re one-star meisters, but I’m confident that you can handle this.”
Ellen started dishing out scrambled eggs on mismatched plates. “Someone wake up Rufus, please?”
Castiel climbed in the back with Sam, Dean moved to the passenger, and Bobby took over driving. With Missouri’s words buzzing in his brain, Dean couldn’t fall asleep until he snuck a look behind him. Once he saw Cas was out and sleeping peacefully, he could finally settle down and sleep overtook him.
“Remember what?” The three adults turned, slightly startled to see the teenager in question standing in the kitchen with them, a scowl on his face. The fact that he had managed to sneak into the kitchen without any of the professional hunters noticing spoke to how intently they had been whisper-arguing with each other. Dean and Castiel also stood there, their faces unreadable.
Walking into the tiny, grungy bathroom, he tried not to touch any extra surfaces more than necessary. Splashing cold water on his face and getting rid of most of the grave dirt and sweat made him feel much more human. Curious, he lifted his shirt to confirm the skin over his stomach and chest was smooth and completely healed, but not just from the hellhound’s attack. Old hunting scars he had gotten over the years were gone, too, though his anti-possession tattoo had remained.
“I want you, Dean, in any way that I can have you. Broken or not.”
Dean ran his hands over his face. “Gabe, you son of a—“
“Until he tasted it! Well, I wonder if the Grim Reaper can eat anything, actually…”
aren’t leaving you.”
Rufus suddenly started speaking. “I was a hunter working a case, following this creature for a few weeks. A Rakshasa, a shape-shifter that liked to use kids to attack their parents. I dug up its trail in Nebraska and actually followed it here, to Sioux Falls, and then here, to this house.”
The kids watched Cecil; his narrowed eyes at Crowley indicated he didn’t exactly know what to do with the man. “You can come inside,” Cecil finally decided.
Gabriel gave Dean his best impression of a sad puppy. “Ah, come on Dean! Just one for your old friend?”
Dean ran a hand around his mouth. “Even if I left him hogtied in the panic room, Sam would escape and take off for parts unknown just to prove he could. I’d rather keep an eye on him myself, especially with Ruby skulking around; can’t do that if he’s a thousand miles away.”
Crowley had distracted them long enough; however when he looked back, Crowley and Growley were gone.
“Yeah, I’ll bet,” Dean complained, stomach churning.
(He didn’t want to admit that he missed the dry sarcasm.)
Reaching out, Cas palmed his cheek, and he allowed himself to lean into it. Cas let his other hand squeeze the top of his right shoulder before his fingertips trailed down his arm. Oddly, he carefully avoided his own handprint, though it was nothing more than a vague ache there.
“Dean, please,” Sam said, trying to stop any bad blood from spilling, but he only managed to catch Dean’s ire.
Sam glanced over at his back pack, and for the first time a shudder went down his back at the innocent-looking vial tucked in between his socks and shirts. Sam began to wonder if maybe he’d made a rash decision, in this deal he made with the King of Hell.
Dean Winchester had a friggin’ crush on his roommate.
The real show was about to start, and he didn’t want to miss a second of it.
Dean knew, intellectually, that Bobby was going to have a hard time accepting that one of his adopted sons had just risen from his grave. It was still another matter to be chased through Bobby’s kitchen by the old man with a silver knife in his hand.
The next morning started bright and early—they shivered for several minutes as Dean got the car warmed up enough to pump warm air into the cab of the car. They got the ice melted away and started moving again. Within a few miles they found a diner and used it to get cleaned up and order some breakfast. Sam was able to sneak a drop of blood from the vial when Dean and Cas went inside to get them a booth.
“Yes.” Immediately Dean put his hands on Cas’s waist and left a little more anchored. Cas still ran a hand over his shoulder or his arm. He felt like he was absorbing the gentle touches like a cactus sucks up water after it rains in the desert. He didn't want to admit how good it felt.
It took a few minutes for everyone’s laughter to die down to a few remaining chuckles. Sam reached into his bag and pulled out two packets of sugar to put into his coffee. Gabriel grinned. “Ah, Sam, still don’t trust me?” the boy asked, wiggling his eyebrows.
“Alright, so if Sam didn’t make a deal, then why’d you do it?” Despite Dean’s earlier threat, Castiel slowly moved forward closer to him. Those eyes seemed to reveal some ancient depth behind them. He felt this urge to stay and stare at this entity. As much as Dean kept trying to convince himself otherwise, he was starting to think this wasn’t a demon. It acted so differently compared to ones he’d met, like Lilith and Azazel.
The elder Winchester just reached over and ruffled his brother’s hair good-naturedly. “I said I
“Gabriel’s texting me.”
Gabriel snapped again and a bag of movie popcorn appeared in his hands. Literally appeared out of thin air. He grinned as he held it up. “Yep.”
Dean pulled Sam's hand off of his arm and let go. Immediately, Sam was looking around.
“Come on, don’t leave me hanging.”
want to know, Cas. It's a rhetorical question.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “You know what? I don’t wanna know. Just, no PDA, please, for the love of God.”
“Don't use your witness-calming voice on me! Explain
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. As he scratched his neck, he pointed out differences. “Crusher is there, not in the back forty. Garage should be there, but it's been replaced with a tire mountain and…” He looked up at the sign behind Sam. “Who the hell is
Dean thought.
“She’s outside right now,” Ellen answered.
Dean cut to the quick. “Alright, what’d Bobby have to say?”
Dean was torn between vomiting and stabbing her.
They sat for a moment, both still a little unsure and waiting for the other to make the first move. Cas broke the silence first. “Is it always that...intense?” He questioned.
,” Bobby said, in a surprisingly gentle way. “I think we
He should have let it go; taken this miraculous inch Cas had gifted him, and run for the hills.
So, instead, he pulled Cas down until they laid side-by-side, face-to-face. Floppy sex hair partially hid the soft, hooded eyes watching him in the low candlelight. The rain overhead continued to fall, and Dean noticed Cas’s eyes darting over his face as if trying to memorize him.
Gabriel, however, didn’t like seeing Kali upset. Mostly because it was downright terrifying. “Kali, don’t be mad. Fourth was still an A, I think. You’re still considered one of the top students in the class,” he said, trying to placate her.
“Dean?” A hand grabbed his forearm, and he flung himself backward, smacking into the interior of the door. Quickly he pulled his legs up and hugged his knees, sinking into the seat to get away from
There was a hole in the aluminum roofing. His flashlight beam illuminated a pile of tan fabric on the floor in the middle of the barn.
Cas objected.
“If it bugs you this much, talk to him,” she offered.
The seven students looked at the obstacle course before them in slight awe. The track outside of the backdoor of the gym had changed into an intricate obstacle course that would have made any veteran Marine wince at the thought of running it. Ten foot tall walls without foot-holes, six-foot deep holes you either jumped or swung over on a rope—miss and you ended up to your waist in freezing cold quicksand and mud. There were jungle gyms and ramps and too many other things almost piled on top of each other.
“Thank you, sir,” all three boys said at once.
“Hey, Cas, are your ears on?” Dean asked.
“Hm?”
Glancing at his phone, Dean grumbled at the extremely late (or extremely early) hour. He cleaned up his trash, stuffing everything into the shopping bag from the store. When he started to maneuver to curl his legs up on the bench seat and lie down, he paused.
“Yeah, I’ve always remembered that because it was a weird thing to say. I think I was…four maybe?” Sam said with a shrug.
Dean whimpered and nodded. "For you, Cas, always--
Dean flipped the tape to his side A and plastered on a carefree smile. “It’s a classic band, Cas. You gotta sing along, it’s the law.”
After dinner, Sam passed out while watching a murder documentary. It was weird how he could find serial killers fascinating--they were kinda serial killers. Sort of.
Cas leaned forward and kissed him again, hard and utterly sloppy. Before Little Dean could take him up on that instant hard-on feature, the angel disappeared, leaving the car silent and empty.
Even their refusal to call him Sam couldn’t knock to dopey grin off of his face. “Whatever, jerks,” he said, sliding into the booth, next to Gabe and Dean, the girls sitting next to Castiel.
After a few sandwiches for dinner, Dean took the longest shower in his life, making sure not even an atom of dirt was on him anywhere. He’d probably used the entirety of the hot water supply and most of the cold water supply while he stood under the spray, just enjoying the feel of the water on his skin.
Cas was worn out, bags under his eyes and a little pale.
He held up his burger to make his point. “This is man’s food.”
, he firmly told himself.
“No Dean. I have all my blood, and I am just as confused as you,” the weapon said dutifully.
“How? The missing people aren’t missing anymore, and the rest of the town won’t remember them either,” Dean stated.
“Those…people-that-aren’t-actually-people,” Cecil added so very helpfully.
“Charmed,” Gabriel said. He motioned around the shop. “So, um…what exactly is it that you sell?”
“Come on, let’s leave this looney bin,” Dean said. He huffed as another wave of pain radiated up from the gash, but it was significantly lessened now that he had taken several pain-killers. Cas had also taken a few from Carlos for his shoulder, but Dean pretended not to notice.
“Dean, you brought me back. You didn’t fail me, you saved me.”
“They?’ I’ve got no idea what you’re talking about,” Crowley said.
As Bob Serger warbled the outro of
“Time does fly,” Bobby said, his tone softening just a touch.
Dean shrugged. He’d be way more upset if he didn’t feel completely awake and alert. It was just bizarre--he had fought so hard for four hours a night before Hell, and now that he didn’t sleep at all, he felt better for it. “I don’t have to deal with nightmares for the first time in my life. Finally, a silver lining on the pile of dog crap that is normally my life.”
Sam blinked a couple times as the words bounced around in his head.
She snorted. “You sat at Rocky’s Bar all night, and at closing time, you took one step off the barstool and fell flat on your face. Considering the amount of whiskey Rocky said you downed, I expected you to be dead when I arrived. Instead, you were snoring. Since you were nice enough not to puke everywhere or punch anybody, I’d figured I’d save you the ambulance ride and just let you sleep it off.”
Figured it wouldn’t stay that way for long.
“Was in the neighborhood, thought I’d say hello,” Crowley said easily. He flicked his wrist, and Sam immediately fell to the floor with a groan as pain ripped through his stomach, making him gasp and curl in on himself.
"James trusted me, Dean. And now the only thing left of the Novaks and their kin are the memories he left behind."
“Hey, Sammy, hungry?”
“Dad…you’ve gotta be kidding me…you actually think we’re dealing with the
Sam opened the box and a look of curious delight spread over his face. He picked up the simple cord and stared at the golden pendent that hung from it. “Wow…this is so cool! Thanks Gabe!” He slipped it over his head, and it lay on his chest, almost warm to the touch.
Another pain racked his stomach, but he didn’t stop moving. He managed to kick the demon in the stomach, but it was like kicking concrete. Crowley just rolled his eyes.
“Cas, are you sure? Cas, how can you--how can we? We’re already so broken, Cas; what if this…?”
“Castiel, I officially hate kishin-eggs,” Dean muttered. “Is the girl okay?”
Unfortunately, the book included monochromatic paintings of people in the throes of agony as they died. Bright red explosions from their chests showed Dean in no uncertain terms what would happen to him if they didn’t resolve this curse in time.
The Grim Reaper appeared in their mirror with a bounce and a cheerful wave. “Dean, Castiel, Sam! It’s good to hear from you. Did you get back home alright?”
And the more I add up all this information
“Dean, we’re on a schedule,” she said quietly.
“Plausible deniability,” Gabriel interrupted. “I can’t pretend to be dead if someone knows I’m not. That’s not how it works!”
He didn’t know what to say in response, so instead, he focused on the feeling of Cas’s clothes under his fingers. The smooth fabric of the black waistcoat and the dress pants felt so realistic he could feel the individual fibers of the cloth.
After crawling past S.M.’s door, and surviving the daggers Intern Michael had glared at them as they left, Dean and Cas were sitting in the Chevelle, looking at the map with a flashlight. Dean looked at his phone to see it was almost midnight, and stifled a yawn. “Alright,” Dean said. “What are we looking at?”
"She's perfect," Dean huffed.
“Women in white? From what I remember, there’s a type of ghost called that,” Dean said, thinking hard. “Usually a woman who commits suicide, but can’t rest. But, I don’t think this is just a pissed off ghost. This thing had a plan, she made a beeline for the ceremony and knew exactly what to do after.”
“Shouldn’t it be DeanCas?” Cas questioned.
For once, Castiel reached over and patted Dean’s shoulder, still grinning. “It’ll be fine,” he said.
--thank you for helping make this the best fic ever!
“Sorry, we’re out,” Dean grumbled, not about to share his precious stash with a complete stranger.
“It’s fine. Look, I really appreciate this, um….”
When Dean opened his eyes, he was greeted with a panting, sweaty, disheveled Cas that would have made him chub up again instantly if he were younger. The angel was hazy-eyed and relaxed; or, softer around the edges a little as he sat back. Seeing Cas softer, and vulnerable,  Dean thought in awe:
“The angel joyriding Dean Winchester, are you there?”
“Just what Dad told me. She died in a house fire, right?” Sam asked.
Gabriel glanced at her, and a little smile tugged at his lips. “You always did that when you’re pissed,” he said to himself.
Four sets of eyes glared at him, so he held up his hands. “What?”
Dean and Castiel both rolled their eyes in tandem.
Gabriel shrugged. Sam caught the look of hesitance in the weapon’s eye. “I packed light,” Gabriel said. “Didn’t have much to bring,” he said after another awkward moment. Sam turned to see Gabriel looking at the floor like it held the secrets of the universe.
Sam sat up so fast he almost fell off the couch. His breath was labored; his forehead and back were soaked in sweat. The nightmare was so vivid he could almost hear the demon’s panicked scream rattle his very bones. A painful migraine washed over him, only lessoning after several minutes.
He sat down and pulled out a legal pad and a pen. Listening intently, he wrote down the ingredients, instructions, and the invocation. “Alright, got it all. It looks like I’ll have to ask around about some of these, but I appreciate it, Rowena.”
Castiel shrugged. “I’m an Angel Blade. We’re very…finicky…about who wields us.” He watched Dean for a moment, then quickly swiped a French fry from the bigger boy’s plate, making him growl. “Since you are sitting here with me, I’m going to assume you haven’t found a suitable partner either?”
“Then what were you doing, jackass?” Dean yelled, refusing to speak in his head. He wanted witnesses to hear and confirm the idiocy Cas was spouting.
studying.”
. My promise last night still stands: I won’t do anything without your permission.”
Bobby picked up the narrative. “Germanic lore tells a story of how St. Nick snatched a demon right outta hell and bound it to him. While he left presents for good kids, the Krampus would leave them coal, beat them with birchrod sticks, and sometimes take the misbehaving youngsters to God-knows-where.”
. The make-up sex would probably be epic, though--”
Dean was distracted from explaining a vibrating bed and why it was the BEST thing since complimentary continental breakfast by...candles. There were lit candles everywhere, on every flat surface, casting the entire cabin in a soft glow and gently flickering shadows. With the rain still gently falling on the roof, the entire room became cozy.
Sam's eyes darted back and forth between his brother and the demon choking on the wall. “Dean, there’s nothing there!”
Dean was lost as he watched Cas writhing and groaning under him until he saw Cas’s eyes fly wide open, almost as black as a demon's, they were so lust-blown. Cas begged, his voice indeed wrecked with desperation. “Please, I want to ...need to...Make me come, Dean, please….”
“They’re perfect sitting ducks over there, man! Come on, let’s have some fun with this!” Gabriel said. That mischievous twinkle was back in his amber eyes.
it?!”
“Snooze you lose, huh, Dean?” Gabriel joked. He easily ducked the swing aimed at his head. “Wow, still can’t take a joke. Lighten up Winchester, what’s the worst that could happen?”
Dean was left alone in front of the pizzeria, head spinning. Gabriel had powers, Sam was being a psychotic asshole, and now Cas had disappeared with Meg.
“If you’ve been concerned about engaging in any masturbatory practices because of me, I want to let you know that I don’t care.” At Dean’s mute shock, Cas kept trucking on. “I know it’s a human need. If you've been depriving yourself on my behalf, please don't.”
Sam worked free another stake and flung it haphazardly at the Krampus, catching it in the side of the head with the heavier end and making the creature momentarily disoriented. It was just enough of a window for Dean to leap on the Krampus from behind and stab the stake through its back, but the Krampus flung it body around wildly like a bucking bronco. Dean was sent skidding across the mud and rock-covered ground.
As Anna took off for the bathroom, Dean looked at his gas gauge, and suddenly the weird sensation made sense. Depending on gas quality and the roads they were driving, the Impala using did between 240-290 miles before needing a gas refill. They had gone over that by almost fifty miles, and the tank’s gauge still sat at “F.” Gabriel hadn’t been kidding about magicking the car with an infinite supply of gas. His shoulders slumped in relief at the idea of never needing to pay for gas again.
“Meg apparently had a falling out with Sam. She asked if I wanted to meet her at the pizza parlor downtown until she ‘no longer wanted to strangle his scrawny neck.’”
Dean chucked the Impala’s keys to Sam and walked away.
Dean could feel a landslide's worth of question marks heading his way.
That didn’t stop Dean from waiting in the bunker garage for the last forty-five minutes until Cas's truck pulled in.
“You were a child, Sam!” Bobby said suddenly, squatting down next to Sam and squeezing his shoulder in comfort.
“You wound me,” Gabriel retorted, putting a hand over his heart after the script poofing away. “Still see you’re on the high horse as usual.”
“Yes, I suppose we could,” Cas replied tentatively, not really looking forward to more alcohol. “Dean, I wanted to say thank you, for agreeing to try and work together.”
Sam reemerged. “Oh no, it does--Dean just doesn’t want to explain it.”
“Baring the fact that spiders can’t rip anything, if it does rip out my throat, I wouldn’t be able to move or ask for assistance either way. I’d be dead.”
“Oh no. There’s, what, millions of souls in Hell, right? You don’t want another one to add to the chaos,” Sam said quickly. At least he was smart enough to realize the asking price was high. Too high.
“Resting would make sense,” He reluctantly agreed, ignoring Dean’s attempts to aggravate him.
“Thirteen souls so far,” Castiel said slowly, a small grin on his face.
He clapped his hands together, excitement strumming through him. There were various options, from pinball games and sports games, beat ‘em ups, and other cabinets. But one cabinet, in particular, caught his attention: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles co-op, circa 1989.
“Gabby? What happened? Who are you?” he asked the boys, at the same time moving aside to let them into his lab. Once inside he led the boys towards an empty examination table.
Dean looked at the pistol in her hands. “Please tell me Gabriel’s packing a little more punch than that?”
“That seems a bit extreme, Dean,” Cas cut in with legitimate concern and actually stepped between them.
A pin falling on the ratty carpet of the study would have echoed around the utter stillness. Dean could feel both Cas and Sam’s eyes boring into him, but he didn’t take his eyes off the Trickster.
“Cas, what are you doing?”
“Near as we can tell, your crazy plan worked!” Carlos said with excitement.
After a minute, he was already starting to feel better--the pressure on his chest was beginning to let up. He gave Cas a shaky thumbs-up as he recomposed himself.
Orientation Day at the DWMA was supposed to be a day of trial and error as people found their partners, but Castiel had hurt seven students so far. Word had spread quickly, and no one was even coming over to say hi, never mind try to their luck at wielding him. He knew that being a rare Angel Blade weapon might cause him grief, but now he was starting to lose faith anyone would ever be able to wield him.
Anna nodded. “Can you help me?”
“Sorry, Cas,” Dean said, patting his shoulder, trying to chase away the melancholy radiating from the angel. “We can find the TV footage of the moon landing for you, at least.”
“And look for any evidence proving or disproving Sam’s theory,” Kali said.
Dean and Sam turned back to find a possessed chef barreling towards them, eyes black and lips curled in an inhuman snarl. Sam pulled out the demon-killing knife and Dean ducked down, grabbing the man as he went by and shoving him into the back of their booth. The guy fell onto his back with a loud thud, which allowed Sam to drive the knife into his stomach before he could recover.
He stood up and turned around, a small smile on his lips, but an unfathomable sadness in his hazel eyes. “Come on, you two, let’s go get some breakfast. I’m starving, aren’t you?” he with false cheerfulness.
Dean fixed the demon with one of Cas’s patented narrow-eyed glares. “You dare to question the word of an
Dean looked around the place and scratched his head in thought for a long moment.“I think it’s based on a book series,” was all he could come up with.
The demon’s eyes roamed over Sam for a moment, and he nodded in understanding. “
The presence disappeared, and Sam opened his eyes to find Pamela blinking with a look of surprise on her face. “Bobby called that one,” she said, before patting Sam’s hand, trying to reassure him.
“What’s up?”
“Uh,” Dean blinked and turned on his charming smile. “Yeah, that’s me.” He saw Sam roll his eyes out of the corner of his vision, but she was carefully making her way towards them.
The bottom of Dean’s stomach dropped to his feet.
Gentle breathing came from the bunk above him, and a few images from the previous night flickered in his mind. Like them standing in front of Death, after he had congratulated them on the job well done. He didn’t remember returning to their apartment though, and he did not remember if Castiel had actually given Death a piece of his mind like he had vowed he would. Considering the sounds of life from the bunk above, Dean assumed that he had not, although the notion was appreciated. Castiel’s a good friend.
Castiel was sitting on the couch in the living room, a few bags sitting on the floor next to him. He was looking around the room as though not exactly sure what to do with himself either. Dean also caught the fact that Cas was looking in every direction except where he was standing with his duffel bag.
“No need to apologize! You noticed a threat and acted accordingly. I’m proud of you,” she said with a smile.
Her mouth opened slightly, she was clearly shocked at the use of the terribly cheesy pick-up line. Though the guy never reacted, the other girl scoffed quietly to herself. Dean had never really talked to a girl his age before, and as he stood there, shifting his weight from one leg to another with nervousness.
“Nothing’s wrong, Sam. But, there’s…
Nothing happened for a minute. He considered his request granted, so he stripped and hurried into the shower, taking a washcloth and the complimentary soap with him.
Next time, some soothing TFW shenanigans as a cool down!
Dean could barely see the chaos past Nextus’s shoulder. Demons were attacking Sam and Ruby with the same viciousness he’d only seen at the hands of the Croatoan virus victims. They were literally trying to rip them apart with hands and blunt human teeth.
The class let out a gasp as Sam suddenly had Cas in a headlock from behind. Instead of letting him go after a few seconds, Sam kept up the pressure and Cas started clawing at Sam’s arm in earnest, raw panic; his face started turning blue. There was a bloodthirsty smirk on Sam’s face.
“We head back, get proof, stop the demon’s slap fight, everything goes back to normal,” Sam countered.
“Don’t give away the secrets of the trade, darling.” Though the words were spoken pleasantly enough, there was a warning tone from Bella to Sarah.
Dean’s face broke into a huge grin when he saw them approaching. “Guys! How did it go?” he asked, excited like a child on Christmas. Sam slide tiredly into the booth next to Dean, and the girls sat on the other side with Castiel.
Sam’s stomach growled loudly. “Sorry, can we walk and talk?”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Bobby has a spare key; calm down.”
“No! He just…
“What are you talking about? Stop speaking in riddles and tell it to me straight!” Dean said angrily. It was very tempting to stab the teacher in the kidney, but he suspected that might get him expelled. It might be totally worth it, though.
Cas sincerely thanked him when they left the museum. Dean rubbed the back of his neck and shrugged; he hadn't done
“Of course, Dad, we’re fine,” Ruby said, rolling her eyes. Sam could hear a tiny voice from the phone, but could not make out any words. He quietly walked around their room to pack and finish getting dressed as silently as possible.
? Angels don’t exist!”
“We must move quickly,” Cas said quietly, somberly. “If this truly is a civil war from Hell, the world could possibly hang in the balance.”
Dean stifled a yawn, but he was smiling instead of frowning as he turned from the main road onto a smaller side road. “So, there’s a few rules I need to mention before we get there. Rule Number 1: Never
All thought went out the window. He barely remembered to breath. All he knew was that her lips were soft against his, and that he had no idea how to respond.
“We trudged all the way out here and it’s not even here!” Dean whispered the accusation at Castiel.
As he started to pull the door closed behind him, Dean turned back, but the quip on the tip of his tongue died. He blanched when Sam, who was still scouring his laptop, reached over for the mug of tea several inches out of reach, and it gently slid into his hand.
A few hours later they returned, laden down with bags and boxes of supplies and groceries. Sam carried two special bags, full of oversized shirts and pants from the local thrift store. The clothes were baggy at the moment, but the idea was he could grow into them in the coming months. He even now owned a proper winter jacket that he could easily layer with a hoodie for optimum warmth in the coming winter months.
“Let me go. I want to touch you.”
This chapter was once again amazingly beta'd by
“Curiouser and curiouser,” Pamela hummed. “Anna, do you remember anything in your life that could have led to you hearing angels? Any strange events or dreams?”
Cas rumbled and bowed his head slightly.
Dean gulped. “What are you talking about?”
Cas sat up and his hands reached out for Dean again. The hunter saw his face scrunch up in pain, but he was trying to ignore it. Pushing through all the stoplights like they always did. Well, today was a day of firsts, it seemed.
Jo was burrowed into Dean’s chest, and he was curled protectively around his baby sister. Castiel was asleep with his back pressed to his partner’s—even in his sleep Castiel staunchly watched Dean’s back. Sam couldn’t help but silent a snicker. He pulled out his phone and snapped a picture of the two teenagers, planning on sending it to Gabriel at some point.
The demon was in front of them and punching Cas hard enough to break bone. As he landed punch after punch Cas swayed on his knees, eyes bleary.
“Aw, someone’s got a fan-girl,” Dean teased, rolling away from Sam’s fist. He got back to his feet, mirroring Sam, who was looking a little winded.
, dude! I don’t know what your problem is, but you are NOT leaving that bathroom until you take a shower!”
For three days, they trained non-stop in the forgotten corner of the junkyard. Once he could take hold of the grace under his skin and woven through his bones and muscles, manipulating it to move objects wasn’t complicated. It was trying to fight while using the grace that was the tricky part.
“The three of you need to head out back and bring back evergreen stakes,” Bobby said. “El, there should be some lamb’s blood frozen in the freezer downstairs.”
“I needed you!” Cas snapped, showing a rare moment of vulnerability.
He was dressed in all black: black overcoat, three-piece suit, button-down shirt, tie, shoes; he'd had only seen crossroads demons dress like that. The stupidly handsome stranger was white and in his mid-thirties, with a 5 o'clock shadow along a sharp jawline. His head of dark hair was thick and so tousled it looked like he’d just arrived from an orgy.
When you talk to folks you haven’t seen in years
There was a bit of movement, a little groan as he stretched, and he slowly blinked awake. His emerald eyes were bleary and out of focus, but the fog of sleep didn’t prevent him from startling slightly when he realized someone was staring at him. From only a few inches away. Someone with impossibly bright blue eyes and that soul-piercing, pensive stare.
“So did I, but apparently Brainiac things we should be ahead of that curve. But Ruby and I only have 45 souls each! But since Gabe could do it—“
“We’re no good to anyone
Cas said nothing, and Dean went back to watching the road, making a mental list of movies to show the angel. Periodically, he glanced back at the redhead in his backseat and smiled to himself.
And listen closely to what I say.
“But…I should get back. I’m actually getting pretty tired and it’s a long walk.” Sam did let loose a ridiculous yawn after that.
Snapping his fingers, Dean pulled out his cell phone from his jacket pocket and started to type on it. After a few seconds, he almost threw the phone in his frustration.
It was familiar, walking, feeling the weight of a heavy backpack on his shoulders and the uneven ground under his feet as he left the main roadway and headed into the foothills. He was used to walking to get to places; John wasn’t exactly a man who ferried his kid around like a soccer mom. Sam had learned early in life walking was usually the fastest (and only) way to get anywhere, whether it was a grocery store or laundromat or local bar.
Cas shook his head. “Tried that, still comes out as gibberish.”
falling?”
Badly?
Sam smiled as he talked. Gabriel would make witty remarks that made him laugh, and he found himself wishing that Gabriel had tagged along. Gabriel’s cheerful nature, however, did little to sooth the rolling anxiety in his stomach, and what Pamela might discover.
If Winchesters had luck, it was the worst kind imaginable. Like, dropping a mirror while walking under a ladder and stepping on a black cat’s tail on Friday the 13th bad.
Cas leaned down and placed two fingers against Sam’s temple to ease the pain.  One of Sam’s eyes cracked open to look up at him. “Just leave me alone,” he groaned.
If Dean and Castiel hadn’t been staring at each other all night, Sam’s selection of
Dean's eyes grew wide and his stomach dropped to his toes. Because the blue eyes boring into his weren't Cas anymore--they were the cold, calculating look
Dean elbowed her in the side. “Shut up, Meg.”
Using his free hand, Dean made it a point to stare into Cas’s dilated eyes as he licked his palm in several long, slow licks, covering it in saliva. Then, without breaking eye contact, he reached down and wrapped around Cas's dick with a gentle tug.
“I bet that’s why the kishin-eggs resurrect if they aren’t harvested,” Castiel said, thinking. “With Samhain’s influence, he can just keep bringing them back.”
“Well, if this were a normal case, we’d go where the information is. Not exactly sure I trust something called the ‘Sheriff’s Secret Police,’ so we’ll go to the next best place. The radio station.”
He hated leaving her upset. He hated leaving with his mind a jumble of confused emotions and ideas. Want and fear and embarrassment and panic colored his thoughts.
The third was this beige terry cloth robe, which was just the right amount of weight and warmth. Cas ran his fingers over the soft material, and a tiny grin lifted the edge of his mouth. It had taken him way too long to figure out Dean had managed to find a house robe that was the same color as his beloved trench coat.
Raphael stepped towards Castiel, disdainfully eyeing the junk cars around them. “You haven’t checked in for some time.”
“Hell,” Cas said somberly. “While you were cavorting with the pagans, I was cast down and made a Fallen.”
“Hey,” Dean said, causing them to turn towards him. “Same time, same place tomorrow?” Dean asked, hopefully. Ruby looked at Sam and shrugged. Sam nodded after a moment, “Sure.”
“Oh really?”
There wasn’t much talking between them; there was no point in wasting the breath on Dean’s part anyway. And Cas just let his completely smitten heart-eyes do the talking on his part.
Dean couldn't remember the last time he'd felt that.
“She only uses her powers for good,” Jo told him pointedly.
Gabriel said proudly.
“Didn’t mean to barge in like this,” Dean said, another hiss of pain escaping him. Carlos waved away his apology.
Rowena tutted at him in disappointment. “Your tutoring, love! We had an appointment for Tuesday evening to go over those spells you found in the library? You know, the ones that enlarge your--”
“Where did you get this?” she asked. He led them back to the spot where the pendent had been laying on the shelf. She looked at the other pendants and jewelry there, and Gabriel noticed they all had little strings with white tags on them for identification and price. The pendant she was now holding did not.
Several moments of unsure silence filled the room. Sam was unsure what to say, how to react, and the others watched him intently. “Um…I’m sorry. Just silence,” he said a little sadly. He felt like he’d let them down, but his mind was still blank.
His voice was captivating, and as the singer peered out into the audience it felt like he was singing not to a crowd, but to every single person that watched him. His baritone was both soulful and joyous and he snapped his fingers in time to the music as he paused.
“And that’s my fun fact for the day,” Dean said. “You gonna get to the good stuff sometime this century?”
“Hey!” Dean protested. “I’m a joy to be around.”
Sam turned to his brother. “What the hell did you do to him?”
Still, legitimate fears about Sam’s real reaction made him clench his jaw. “Come on, Sam, drop it.”
Taking a breath, Dean sat up and thought for a second. “String of mysterious deaths, bodies all covered with bloody markings, sigils or something. Sam’s got no idea on what they mean.”
Because there was no way in hell Cas knew what romantic was...right? The candles were purely practical; there didn’t seem to be any other lights in the cabin.
“Did it ever occur to you that your new friends want
Sam was sketching something on his paper, so he wouldn’t see the blush lighting up Dean’s cheeks, but he had to know something. Mental talking was so much easier in some ways.
Cas promised as he reached out and touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead.
is going on?”
“It doesn’t sound like she’s a kishin-egg…” Sam said. “Maybe she’s a witch?”
A few people, unfortunate victims of the zombies, stayed deceased. The deaths were blamed on overzealous deceased family visiting from the Other Side.
“After dinner,” she said. “Right, Sam?”
"Alright," Dean said, finally starting to catch up. Shocking his hands in his pockets, he leaned towards Cas. "So, how come when you Fell, you were playing house with the Milton's while Cas got thrown into the Pit?" Dean demanded, anger building on Cas's behalf.
“That’s your problem. You need to stop thinking like a Hunter, Dean. You’re at the DWMA as a Meister, and you have to start obeying the rules and procedures we have in place,” Spirit said harshly. The weapon looked at the Reaper. “I’d suggest a 30-day suspension from kishin-egg hunting.”
“No thanks to you,” Sam spat.
A bitter chuckle escaped Dean’s lips, and he pushed his palms into his eyes. Cas slowly walked forward to stand in front of him, head-tilted as he studied Dean for a moment.
“Give it a rest, Deanie,” Gabriel said. He was looking a little better from earlier. He got up to stretch his legs and started wandering around the small break room.
But...Castiel saved his life. He pulled him from Hell for no other (supposed) reason than to try and save the world. He saved Sam’s life without question or provocation.
The weapon shrugged. “It was just a suggestion.”
"Jerk."
“Does that hurt, Castiel?” Carlos asked, standing up to let Castiel sit next to Dean. He looked at the bruise, and when he barely touched it Cas flinched. “Do you have any more obtuse questions you would like to ask me?”
“...warm,” Dean finished lamely.
“I take it back,” Dean said with a laugh. “Definitely got some sparkage there.”
of all things must’ve meant he looked worse than he thought. He didn’t like the grandeur, he didn’t like the stuffy clothing, and he didn’t like the haughty attitudes the rich and powerful brought to these events. He didn’t like any of it.
Surprising everyone, Pamela grinned. “Well, I’ve got the first brick in your yellow-brick road.
Everyone was in the study. Spread across the coffee table in Bobby’s study were several books on astronomy encyclopedias, laid open and haphazardly overlapping each other. “So, I think I found you,” Sam said, piquing Anna’s interest. He pointed to a section in the book in front of him. “Here, nine months to the day of your birthday in ‘85 was a meteor right over the town in Ohio you grew up in.”
“Yup.”
“My father was a weapons dealer…amongst other things.”
“Yeah, like that time you told me if I wore my superman cape I would be invincible, so I broke my arm sliding down the stair rail? Or how about the time you said it would be fine if we dyed the dog with koolaid and he got sick? Oh, or how about that time you told me to get fake glasses to look geek-chic and the lens-”
“Look, Charlie, I like you. So, how about I make you a deal. If you go to the tower, when I get there if I decide to get my brother out of there, I'll take you too, then we can all run to Tevinter together.”
“No goodbye for us? Oh Dean, you heart breaker,” Meg teased and Dean flipped her off before heading out the door.
“No, but it looked big.”
The Group explores more of the community and Kevin overhears something that might make his article more interesting.
“Nothing, I just, I love you,” Sam mumbled into her shoulder as he took in the scent of her hair.
“Sam, yes we need these things, but not at the risk of your life. If you wanted to do something like this, you should have at least told me first, I could have helped you.”
Of course, the waters turned out to be fine and conversation flowed easily between them. Lisa didn't bring up the other night or make him feel awkward about it, instead they just carried on like usual only with less alcohol and a bit more warm familiarity between them. Another week passed and every night Dean met up with Lisa after work to go to the movies, see concerts in the park, or go bowling, and one time she even went with him to the bookstore to pick up recipe books. Things were getting comfortable and after buying the books Lisa casually mentioned that she wanted to try Dean's cooking, so the only logical thing was to do what Sammy had suggested, and take the next step by inviting her over for dinner on Saturday. Lisa seemed to hesitate in her response which made Dean instantly start to try and back out of it, but she quickly agreed to go and put a big smile on to ease his mind, not that it worked.
Dean walked in to see the three all hugging tightly and suddenly felt awkward, “Uhm, should I come back?”
Cas spoke up at this point, “We are learning about what kinds of things people use magic for in their daily lives in Tevinter, what kinds of jobs they do and the things they make. The circle has mages work on enchantments and magical items for trade, but Sam and I thought it would be interesting to see what else was out there.”
Mary was center stage and she waited for everyone to get settled before she began to speak. “Good evening everyone, as you may have heard, one of the leaders from another community is here to speak to you about a proposition she is heading. She is going to be giving a talk to explain her ideas and then, once my son and his husband have returned, we will be voting on whether or not we want our community to support her during the council vote. Take the days in between hearing her initial argument and the vote to speak with her about any questions or concerns you have. If you feel more comfortable with it, I will also be available to hear your concerns. Now, please give your attention to our guest, Naomi.”
“So how was the hunt?” She asked and Kevin cringed, “Please don’t ask about that. Like ever.” Polly laughed and the mood at the table lighten.
“We wait.” Sam said quietly as he finally looked up, he was pale from worry, but he spoke with sturdy conviction.
Sam searched his brother's face for lies, “How do you know all that Dean?”
“Yeah,” Kevin said simply, as he corrected himself, looking away and releasing Sam’s arm.
****The Next Afternoon****
“Where are the others?” Donna asked and Jody looked away. There were more gun shots and they all looked back towards the mill. There were easily around a hundred walkers now, though they were still near the fields by the mill.
The next day, Brady and Sam said their goodbye with a handshake. Dean came to get Sam and they went to the burned down dorm to see if there was anything salvageable, but the place was still closed off, so they gave up and drove home. The only thing Sam could think of as a loss, was the plant that Brady had given him.
“I jus’ dinnae want to go, OK?” Jamie snapped and Polly’s eyes went wide as she stepped slightly back. The tension in the air was palpable, it was as if everyone knew that one more step in any direction would put them right into scattered glass shards.
“Retreat!” A loud, deep voice thundered from elsewhere in the forest.
“Pretty much the same group of guys as last time so, about like you can expect.”
Dean followed through with his promise, after they were settled in Tevinter, he gave up lyrium. It was extremely painful and for months he had no solid concept of reality most of the time. However, with help from his family and the household staff, eventually Dean overcame and once again became functional. He would always have moments where he would think about lyrium or feel it's temptation, but for the most part he was able to move on with his life. He still had his training and abilities, but he couldn't use as much magic at a time without becoming exhausted. Still, he was one of the only templars in Tevinter that could even actually mute magic, so despite the handicap that made him extremely valuable. He spent several years as a bodyguard for various members of the magisterium who were worried about assassinations, however, when an attempt on Castiel's life was made, he quit his current assignment and became Castiel's personal bodyguard, despite many, many complaints from Castiel himself.
“No, the Doctor looks ok too,” Jamie responded.
“We were here for some ice cream. I dunno man, I had this weird feeling something was wrong, and I figured if nothing else, at least we could enjoy the fucking air conditioning in here for a while.” Castiel was so overcome with love and relief that he moved forward and pecked Dean on the cheek.
Sam ran through dozens of solutions while Dean continued looking around for gear. With their grandfather involved, diffusing the situation was unrealistic and if they called the police, his family would probably slit Cas' throat and make it look like he was dangerous. With all their government backing they'd get away with it too. Of course, if the police showed up after Dean had Cas, maybe they could provide some back up during their escape or at least maybe arrest their grandfather for kidnapping Cas after the fact. But what if Dean never even made it out? How would he know if Dean was in trouble and needed a swat team to jump in and get him? There was no easy solution and in a situation like this Sam had no idea what to do, but as Dean looked over at him, ready to go, Sam knew he had to make a call.
"If it comes down to it...could you even really do it? Shoot them?"
The woman looked between them and swallowed nervously, her dark eyes still glazed with tears “Andrea. Andrea Lafitte.”
Dean thought about it for a long minute before he looked back up at Sam, “You sure?”
“Pfft please, you love it.”
“I don't need any magic, Gabe, I'll be ok. Thanks though.”
“The hell it’s not! This whole group’s potential is being wasted. We could be living like kings, but instead we cower in some fucking ski lodge crammed together in our sleeping bags so tight we are rolling over each other. These things, what is left of people after they turn, they are NOT a threat, we can hunt and trap them just like we can any other animal, but not if we are always hesitating, not if we are weak. Even in White Bird, we lost two people just because they were afraid to act. Then a few days later we have their murderers on our front door and what do you do, Benny? You play nice with them. You make one of them your new best friend.”
“No, I'm ok, thanks Cas. What am I gonna do without you?”
“Greetings witches and wizards of Moondoor! I, your faithful webmistress, have a MASSIVE announcement. You might want to put down your collectible mugs and make sure you're sitting down. Well, obviously you're all probably sitting down, being in front of the computer and all, my bad, anyway! Today, I finally got my, da-da-da-daaaaaah letter from The Salem Witches' Institute!” She sang proudly as she pushed the letter so close to the camera that all the words ended up blurry on the screen, not that she could tell from behind the paper. “Nice right?!” She lowered the paper and  tried to look solemn,“So, I must unfortunately resign my post as your fearless leader, but don't worry my vlog will continue to be updated, so you won't have to miss me too much and before you say anything, I know they have a no internet spell over the campus, but I'm sure it won't take that long to figure out a way around it. Trust me guys, I know what I'm doing. So wish me luck?! Oh, and pick a replacement for me? I'll send you everything you need to take over the site. Talk again soon! Later bitches!” She flashed the live long and prosper sign as she stopped the recording and uploaded it to her guild's website.
“How about Pictionary?” Jack suggested, and Claire’s eyes lit up, “Yes, definitely! I bet you can only draw stick figures!”
“Sure.” Kevin’s brain was now in a mantra of ‘What are you doing?’ But his heart was gluing itself back together as warmth spread through his whole body: somehow this perfect, beautiful man actually missed him. He didn’t deserve that. He didn’t really even know what to do with it, but it felt so good.
Cas listened quietly, and when Dean paused, he gave the smallest hint of a smile and moved forward, lifting his hand to Dean’s shoulder, but that wall was still there. His words hadn’t been enough. He couldn’t tip toe. He had to throw himself in. Dean bit his lip and moved his head forward until his forehead bumped into Cas’.
“Don’t go too far, Cas,” Dean called out, but Cas continued walking. John looked around the wreckage and picked up part of the GPS tracking computer. “Shit. Well, you might as well take those bracelets off.”
“No, no, no.” Sam cried as he pushed harder, but soon he heard their armor clinking close behind him, gaining fast. Desperate, Sam took a sharp turn and headed further into the forest where it was pitch black and the lake was completely out of sight. He tried to control his breathing, but he was gasping for every breath now and he knew they could hear him. His body gave a wrecked sob as the armor clinking got louder and the footsteps neared. He doubled over, filling his hand with fire, but before he could release the attack the templars muted his magic and tackled him to the ground. The heavily armed, adult body nearly crushed him under it's weight and he knew what was coming next.
After a good half hour of kisses and rutting, a small watch alarm went off and they knew they had to get back to their dorms.
Sam nodded, “Yeah and I really don’t want to spend the rest of this month wanting to talk to you and not being able to.”
The Doctor looked at him for a moment, his eyes shined brilliantly with an assuring light and for that moment, Kevin honestly believed the Doctor could do anything. “I’ll do my best, Dean.”
***** Meanwhile in Lothering****
“Dad, hold up, we don’t know if it’s poisoned or not,” Dean called grabbing for his dad’s arm, but John pushed him off. “It’s ok. If it were poisoned, it would have broken the damn thing in two, right?”
, whatever that was, and The Doctor was, well, evasive of answering personal questions. Kevin found himself taking more pictures of the group, they wouldn’t be for the article, but he found himself wanting them.
Castiel nodded in agreement, “There were only a couple of kids in the store at the time, but they were clearly scared…while the man looked around, they kept inching towards the door. I tried to distract the gunman by knocking over the take a penny leave a penny. It worked for a split second, and then they went for it.” Castiel could still remember them scurrying out the door, practically crawling over each other on their way out. Almost immediately after the small bell above the door chimed, announcing their dramatic exit, the man shot several bullets in their direction, shattering the glass door.
“You’d have to get up to do that, though.”
Dean closed his eyes tightly, feeling tears start to build in his eyes, he remembered his hands around Castiel’s throat, the blood running from his forehead where the gun had hit him, the worst part was Castiel’s eyes…he didn’t fight back, not even when Dean needed him to, and his fucking eyes were always so full of understanding and forgiveness that Dean didn’t want or deserve.
“Will you…keep them in that hatch?”
As Sam's tongue inched closer to Brady's length, Brady gave a sharp gasp, “Sam, you done this before?” Brady asked quietly as he ran his fingers through Sam's long hair and tugged just enough to get him to look up from his spot beside Brady's cock. Sam moaned at the tug and looked at Brady through his eyelashes before he shook his head. “Ok...I'm gonna get some stuff, you just sit there and wait for me. Ok?” Sam nodded, but as Brady stood, Sam pulled him down for one more desperate kiss, desperate not to lose his touch. Brady laughed gently and gave him a playful push back to the bed, "I'll be right back."
“Wait, so Sam can’t take your position?” Kevin asked, suddenly making a connection that sparked his heart with hope.
“You’re insane.”
“We’re heading out baby, you should come by tomorrow,” Mary said as she came up and kissed the top of Dean’s head.
“Well, he looks good, and your boy here did a great job helping out. Damn hero, if you ask me,” Benny gave Dean a playful punch on the arm and Dean lowered his head shyly.
“Of course.” Cas took the deck from him, joined Sam at the small table Dean had in place of a desk, and started shuffling. Dean opened the second bottle of lyrium that Cas left for him and took a quick mouth full. He closed his eyes and felt it course through him. Everything felt right in the world as he sat back on his heels licking the drops from his lips. He opened his eyes and looked across the room to see where Sam and Cas were quietly talking together and he smiled for a second watching them. The scene filled him with overwhelming comfort. He took one more sip of lyrium and, due to his focus on watching Sam and Cas, slipped and spilled a drop down his chin.
Once they were loaded up, they finished their run at the general store where they grabbed toiletries, blankets, some extra coolers, several boxes of hot chocolate mix, and liquor- that last item being primarily for Dean. Once they had everything they needed, they headed back up the mountain, attached the trailer to the truck, loaded up the Impala, and made for home. With all three of them being fairly experienced in the various arts of looting, towing, and jimmy rigging, the whole process was surprisingly smooth.
“No, it’s alright, I understand the need for privacy,” Kevin responded formally and Chuck gave a relieved smile and led them into the back.
Cas got to the base of his cock and continued lower, to take one of Dean's balls into his mouth, sucking softly while his hand began to pump it's way up and down his cock. Dean gasped and gripped the sheets to keep from taking Cas's hair. “Fuck, babe. That's so good. I swear if you even tell me this was the pizza man-”
Sam nodded and took the thin, slightly warped, stormheart bowl and lifted it to his lips. There was only a small amount of lyrium, but the fumes radiating from it made him feel like the world was shifting around him. He closed his eyes and took a swallow of it and instantly felt magic flare through his body. Chuck whispered a spell quietly above his head and all of a sudden Sam could smell dirt and trees. He kept his eyes closed and tried to relax as he felt himself fall asleep.
“Me?”
“I’ve never been so glad you’re so hard-headed!” Bobby said with a laugh. “Good thinking on your feet, Jo. The blood on the blade let us work a spell to find you.”
Within seconds (or hours, which was what Sam felt like with every scream from the kishin-eggs and the whirling of that devilish weapon overhead) the street was empty, quiet. The only evidence of the monsters was their floating souls.
Dean glared at Gabriel but he saw Meg get up and stomp out of the place, fury etched onto her face. Trailing after her, unsure, was Castiel. Dean partially wanted to laugh at the dark stain square on his lap, but he also wanted to deck Gabe, too.
Cas was at Dean’s side and helped him swing his legs down to get back onto the floor. Dean curled his right around his middle--probably a cracked rib from the throbbing pain there--and stared at Sam when his brother gell to this knees, sucking in ragged, panting breathes. Dean could hear him humming in pain because the fighting had stopped.
” He growled dangerously. The demons around him shifted slightly out of arm’s reach.
“I mean, I can
Dean realized how that could be taken and resolutely went back to staring out the windshield once more. He stifled a huge yawn and rubbed his eyes. The marathon driving was starting to take its toll on him.
“We thought you were right behind us! What happened?” he asked as Dean and Kali strode forward.
“He’s not my date,” Kali said before Gabriel could even fathom a response. “He’s my partner.”
“You two are
“You had some control over when you whipped out your power boner,” Dean muttered. “Cas isn’t exactly on a leash I can reign in.”
“‘Escorted?’ Escorted him where?”
Gabriel smirked and rewound the movie a good ten minutes, and Sam sighed in defeat as he had to sit through the bone-dry acting and clichéd lines once again.
Shattering the quiet of the countryside--and the moment--was the most obnoxious wolf whistle two feet from them in front of the car. Dean almost jumped out of his skin when he saw the goddamn Trickster, smirking like he’d caught Dean’s hand in the cookie jar.
“Um thanks. And it’s just Sam,” he said, sitting next to Dean.
Jack grinned when Sam hugged him afterward. “Did you...bring back everyone…?” Sam asked hesitantly.
“To each his own,” Cas simply said.
“Meeting you for the first time.”
“Gabriel? Are you okay?” Kali asked, her blunt tone softened slightly as she sat down next to Gabe on the couch. She was scowling, but he wasn’t sure if it was because she was worried about him or what a sick weapon could mean to their survival rate.
Castiel nodded once and made his way to their apartment, deciding to take a nice warm shower now that he would not have to fight Dean for it for once. Dean had made it a habit to call home about once a week, though it had been a few weeks since his last call home.
,” Dean hissed.
Also, if you haven’t already, you should subscribe to this story for updates when I put chapters out (the subscribe button is at the top).
Dean tried to act like it was no big deal. His friend made a pie, that was awesome. He was a little wary of trying it because he’d never seen Cas bake before but he was going to at least play nice and try a bite.
Gabriel shrugged. “I don’t think you’d make something like this up, Samsquatch. It’s not that I don’t believe you, it’s just that I’m hoping you’re
“No shop at the table, please,” Ellen said as she dished out scrambled eggs for the teenagers and Jo. Dean and Jo glared at Sam until he swallowed the doughnut in two bites. The rest of breakfast was a quiet affair as people ate, drank coffee—it was so odd to Sam. He was used to it just being himself, sometimes his Dad, or the girls. The way the others bickered and teased each other in an easy manner made him relax a little more. Gabriel had been right again, it seemed. Dean’s family was pretty cool.
Dean reached over, plucked the bottle from Cas’s hands, opened it, and replaced it. “As long as we don’t tell anyone, and don’t act stupid, no one will ever know, or care.”
Cas gripped Dean’s forearm to stop him from launching himself at Gabriel. The asshole snapped his fingers and started munching on a Twix, smirking at them.
Cas sighed heavily. “I'm going to regret this, aren't I?”
“Well, well, well, bookworm and company!” Dean said happily. His tone was more enthusiastic than he meant, but he ignored Gabriel’s arching his eyebrows at him.
“There’s more in the oven,” Cas said, never taking his eyes from his book.
Gunfire erupted right between Cas and Dean, making them duck down as far as possible into the seats. They covered their ears yet still were almost made deaf from the concussive noise. Glass shattered and showered them. “What the friggin’ hell?!” Dean swore loudly.
Gabriel laughed. “The friends who fail together flip burgers together!” he said cheerfully.
Anna fiddled with her fingernails for a moment. “Not totally. I had some weird hang-ups with my dad when I was younger.”
“Well, when the Grim Reaper’s personal Weapon gives you an order, it’s probably in everyone’s best interest that you follow it.” Gabriel kept holding his hand out. “And your name is…?”
about us.” Sam huffed in disbelief.
“You’re my first friend outside of my weird-ass family and our hunting connections, and you think I’m just going to throw that away? Nope, sorry Cas, but you’re stuck with me. I know, a real trial considering how—what did you describe me as?—‘handsome’ and ‘interesting’ I am.”
“No! I’m not going to forgive this so easily. My brother and nephew have been alive this whole goddamned time and he couldn’t tell me that? Write a letter, make a phone call,
“I thought you said kishin-eggs haven’t been showing up too much?”
He nodded. “Yeah. How about you? Was it, uh, good for you? Worth the hype?”
Castiel looked calm, but Raphael caught the sight of his slightly shaking fists, and the hard edge to his blue eyes that had never been there before.
“I’d like to state for the record that this sucks, Sam. I’m sorry.”
Sam gently grabbed her chin and turned her head, letting him see the wound. “Are you okay?” he asked.
“Should we write a manual?” Dean joked. “I mean, if someone could have warned me about that Excorcist shit, in the end, I’d have appreciated the heads up. At least he didn’t puke pea soup everywhere--”
Dean waved him off. “Go, meet with Bobby, get me healthy already!”
Cas hadn't initiated anything else with Dean since he'd panicked about the kiss. It had been a knee-jerk reaction, but he was deeply regretting it. Even if Cas was only interested in a physical thing, why should Dean tempt the bastard then get pissed he wanted more? Sex was awesome, and sex with Cas had been...well, that was the hang-up, wasn't it?
“Sure. Just seeing if there was any supernatural critter with a bug up its ass somewhere,” Bobby said, making Dean snort.
me," he whispered.
“It happens from time to time,” Sid confirmed.
. I was self-righteous, too proud and narcissistic to see the chaos I was sowing. In the end, I was branded the same as
“Um, but Lord Death, sir, aren’t jobs usually listed on the bulletin board for students to choose themselves?” Castiel asked.
Cas had speed and fighting experience. Sam was taller, had a longer reach, but didn’t hold back his strength very well. This fight was going to be interesting, and everyone was curious to see who would be the victor.
“Bull! I never see you do anything school-related at night.”
. Innocent is not how I would describe myself.”
“Dean, we’ve got this. Rufus and I aren’t old enough to need the Calvary quite yet. Your job is to stay at school and do what you gotta do. ”
Dean gave Sam a discerning glance, but his brother just shrugged.
Cas tried to glare at him, but it came out cross-eyed. “I just need to recharge.”
Cas nodded, a little disappointed she hadn’t said yes immediately, but he could be patient. Meg liked to call the shots, so he’d let her do so. They turned their attention back to the table at large; no one else at the table seemed to have been listening to Meg and Castiel’s discussion.
“Calling you?” Missouri asked.
Dean tossed the blade between his hands, getting used to him, and he heard Cas’ voice clearly cough uncomfortably. “Dean? What are you doing?”
“What the hell was that?” Meg hissed. She held her fingers up to her lips and pulled them away, expecting blood, but felt a blister on the side of her lips. She gave him an accusing glare.
Sarah held up her hands. “It’s not charity, it’s called Christmas. Look, I’ve never seen that pendant before, which means Bella certainly hasn’t either. I don’t know where it came from, or what it truly is, so I’d have no idea what to charge you for it.”
He was thrown off his contemplative pity train for a moment when a particular bit of dialogue caught his ear and he swiveled back to the T.V.
Dean cackled internally as Cas blinked once and asked, deadpan,
“Well, that makes me sound like a giant jackass.”
"The ugly that no amount of botox is ever going to fix."
Dean was still trying to wrap his head around the idea that his 3-year old kid was technically God. It was an even weirder disconnect when he walked into the kitchen at 2 in the morning a couple of days afterward only to find God, with his eyes glowing gold, eating his favorite cereal in the dark, so he didn't wake anyone.
Dean’s arm was over Castiel’s shoulder, and he was unable to keep from leaning on the smaller guy as to not put the pressure on his leg until he was standing. “Thanks, Cas,” he said. Once he was up he could move on his own power. They hobbled over to Gabby, still unconscious.
The girl’s opened their eyes and looked about to pass out. They were both ashen, with bloodshot eyes and chapped lips. “You look marginally better,” Meg said.
Here are questions I'd like input on:
Cas glanced sideways at him. “No, he had nothing to do with what happened.”
“We don’t need to. Like I said before, two birds with one stone,” Dean said. He, Castiel, and Sam returned to Cecil, who was hooking Carlos up to the town’s P.A. system with the help of the others.
“Alright, well then….” Taking the helm of their tiny ship, Dean reached forward and wrapped his fingers around Cas’s tucked-in tie. "This okay?"
Sam was on the other end of the couch, though there was only a foot of space between them. His hazel eyes kept wandering around the apartment since he was trying to keep his brain cells from rotting from the stupid corniness of the film. It was hard to believe this was a dorm room—colorful rugs covered up the tile floor and silken drapes hung off the walls in vibrant reds, golds, yellows, a few blues and greens thrown in for fun. The furniture was high end and beautiful and everything was neat and organized. He felt like he was sitting in a room fit only for royalty, the penthouse suite of the most expensive hotel ever.
“She’s the best there is and a consummate professional,” Bobby said fondly of the feisty brunette.
“I can’t bake pies every day. When would I do homework?”
“Come on, Dean, pull yourself together. Bobby will know what’s going on. He
“Yes sir,” Liz said.
“I’d love to go if we were anywhere but this town,” he said before moaning.
“You’re not stupid!” she snapped in irritation, catching him off guard. “Your study skills leave something to be desired, but you’re not stupid. You’re too clever and cunning to be called stupid.”
“Keep moving Sam. We’re getting closer.”
Dean thought for a moment. "Much as I'd like that, I think moving into the back would hurt more than letting me just drive. Where are we going?”
Sam thought to himself. Sam kept the place as neat and tidy as possible (a feat considering his weapons were raised amongst bikers) but there weren’t any real pictures or furniture except what was provided. Sam looked at Gabriel again and realized that, to someone used to such luxury, his place was pitiable.
“Gossip, Sam. Based on a rumor from
Dean stopped walking down the sidewalk, and put his hand on Cas’s shoulder to stop him. “Because, Cas, that’s not how that works! If I just ask her outright, it’ll be more likely she’ll just say no and I’ll never get another chance. If I play along, pretend her jabs don’t bother me, she’ll eventually get won over by my charming personality.”
“Got it,” he told the gathered parties. “Going to be a bit of a scavenger hunt, but we can fix this, Dean.”
the same thing.”
Cas looked slightly less grumpy as he sat on the edge of their bed in nothing but a pair of pajama bottoms. A wet towel hung around his shoulders as he worked to dry his hair. The wrinkles he started to sport on his forehead smoothed out when he saw Dean had come bearing food.
Alright, what do y’all think? I pulled my hair out over this scene the whole week, but I must say, I’m very proud of how it came out. I hope the balance of angst to humor and sweet, sexy times hit just right! And we ALL know there’s no way ANYTHING got misconstrued between them, right? :D
was a dental hygienist from Omaha. The
A kishin-egg landed on the hood and stared through the windshield at them, smiling a demented smile with jagged, bloodstained teeth. It didn’t help that it was dressed like a dentist and had enormous drills for hands.
“We can help, Dad,” Dean said.
"Alright then," Dean said to himself as he sucked in a breath of relief. He wiped his hand over his face one more time and walked back to the others, trying to stand tall. Inside, Cas was furiously churning, a ball of frigid lightning waiting for someone to touch metal so it could discharge. Dean was royally pissed, only the barest hint of control keeping him together at that moment. So, he ignored Cas, standing there with his eyes bright and hurt.
Oh my goodness! What an introduction, right? What did you think?
Pamela gave him a reassuring grin as she took his hands into her own. “I don’t poke around anywhere, I promise. Just think of this as a little psychic sonar sweep of the bottom of a lake. This is just to get a lay of the land.”
Placing a hand over his heart, Dean said, “Whew, okay,” and sunk back into the seat.
out of the cafeteria after he mentioned it.”
The 3-year-old Nephilim was going to be Heaven’s top dog? He was going to be God?
There is someone up above.”
Cas grabbed Dean’s wrist and held him firmly to stop the pacing he’d unconsciously started to do. “Gabriel is the Angel of Justice. He’s not going to start an unprovoked fight, and he’s not going to kill Sam just for the cruelty of it. Even as a Trickster, he was still delivering justice, just with a bad sense of humor.”
Dean cleared his throat. “Ooh..eeh..ooh ah aah ting tang walla walla bing bang?”
“Oh, yes. All the items in there are cursed in some form or another. A cursed pair of ballet slippers, a cursed phonograph, a cursed rabbit’s foot, a cursed gentlemen’s magazine—“
“Get it together, cowboy, we’ve got a job to finish!” she said sternly. Without warning, both she and Ruby suddenly changed into their weapon forms amid a flash of light. Ruby’s Demon Knife form was in Sam’s right hand, and Meg’s Shield was encasing his left. He looked at his partners, then at the clown monster, which was only about 20 feet away now. It licked its lips at Sam, who was still trembling uncontrollably.
Gabriel, Dean, and Cas were in the cafeteria almost a week later and eating dinner when there were suddenly three familiar visages walking towards them. Ruby looked vaguely annoyed and Meg had a minuscule smirk turning up the edge of her lips; the girls were followed by a shaggy-haired meister who wasn’t looking at the table as they approached.
“I’m fine, Cas, Sam’s being a pain,” Dean said.
Alright, she had a point, and she didn’t slow down enough to let him think of another argument as snow started falling from above. They turned the corner and continued on, the road full of yellow taxis honking and pedestrians yelling at each other.
“Good timing, Cas,” Sam said, huffing in relief.
“Don’t get cocky, or I might start to think your partner is teaching you bad habits. Don’t strive to be more than what you are, Castiel. You’re a weapon, a good little soldier who follows orders,” Raphael snarled. “Tell me, your partner, is he going to be worthy of our cause?”
. Not going through that shit again.”
, in his
“It wasn’t me,” Sam said, crossing his arms. “I mean, I tried, I’m not going to lie. But no demon would deal. Do we need to kick the hornet's nest on this one?” It wasn’t a real question--it was a wish that something good had happened for no reason.
Gabriel almost fell off the couch, he laughing so hard. Not only was the mental image of the three most badass girls at the school arguing over trick shots and sand traps hilarious, it was Sam’s deadpan delivery that made the moment magical.
“We need you to be our Yoda,” Dean blurted out.
“Whose number are you after?”
All lit up this night
Sam looked up at the oversized candles that framed the front entrance and the three skulls that seemed to gaze down at all those who came and went with watchful eyes. He took a breath and made his way inside, silently jogging down the main hallway until he came to the Assignment Board.
Dean stiffened, and clenched his teeth as to not burst into laughter at the stoic weapon’s verbal gaffe. If he laughed, Cas would ask why, and Dean was not about to explain that particular joke to the clueless guy.
“I…thank you, Dean. That was very kind of you to say.” Cas said quickly.
Anna and Cas both intoned
“Yes,” Castiel said.
“I’ll call or text Sam every hour,” Cas offered quietly, still running his fingers through his hair.
“This town. It’s the perfect place to simulate a real-world kishin-egg encounter. Every time a kishin comes to town, you let Death know so he can send out amateur meisters to deal with it. You have actual victims and an actual kishin-egg, but there is also a DWMA meister/weapon pair living in the town that can help in case anything goes awry. And once the kishin is destroyed, the townspeople come back and are none the wiser.” Castiel shook his head. “It’s devious, but extremely clever.”
“Mom, Cas’ll be fine,” Dean said.
“...Come on, man, you can’t just say shit like that,” Dean muttered, blinking hard several times.
, Dean threw down some money on the bar top they’d been sitting at and motioned for Castiel to follow him out of the bar.
“I’ll be fine,” Gabriel said. He had to be, they wouldn’t survive otherwise.
Carlos looked at Cecil, both still on the couch like nothing strange or potentially dangerous was happening right in front of them. “I thought you said Station Management fixed the bottomless pit?” Carlos asked.
Sam rolled his eyes as he laid out his evidence. “Dude, you were humming ‘Night Moves’ to yourself when you brought me breakfast, which you
Dean shrugged. “Banks. Win’s anon all but yearly.” He rolled his eyes as he drank.
“It’s not entrapment when you do it to yourself, stupid!”
“They aren’t commodities to be possessed, Dean. They’re people.”
So, what were you're thoughts on this chapter?
as the Incredible Hulk killed her husband? Jesus, what the hell is in the water at Wellington, and can we get some?”
The Angel Blade looked down at his hand, and only just realized how numb it was. “I guess I forgot I was holding it. I’ll go put this away.” Once Cas left the room Dean simply pinched the bridge of his nose, as though his partner’s quirkiness were beginning to give him a headache. He looked back at the picture, though, and whispered “Love you guys,” to it before leaving to help Castiel with the groceries.
Rufus got up and looked out of the window in the doorway and sighed. “She’s coming down pretty heavy, Bobby,” he observed, drinking his coffee.
“HEY!! Asshats!” Dean shouted, drawing the kishins’ attention to him and Kali in the middle of the road. There were at least a dozen kishin right around them, but the teenagers managed to look more dangerous than frightened. The kishin-eggs all turned their myriads of colorful eyes towards her, Ruby, Meg and Sam momentarily forgotten.
“Dean, you were on the rack for twenty years. Anyone would be traumatized."
, and start thinking like a
While Dean accosted Sam, Castiel gripped Meg’s chin and gently turned her face towards his, his blue gaze wandering over the fading bruise on her face. He looked immeasurably disturbed by the injury. Meg gently pulled away. “I know, not exactly my best look. Sam took the brunt of the kishin’s anger, though.”
Ruby and Meg looked at Sam, who seemed to be slightly shaking in anger, and looked at each other, clearly unsure of what to do. “Sam?” Ruby asked. “What’s up?” Meg said.
Dean’s eyes grew wide, and he grabbed Sam’s shirt and lifted it up, ignoring Sam’s sputtering protests and seeing the colorful patchwork bruise of purple, blue, and yellow.
Within an instant, he had a lapful of angel. It threw him for a second when he let out a huff at the realistic weight bearing down on him. Cas looked down at him, face inches away, hair almost brushing the roof of the car. “Like this?” he clarified.
“Hey, just finish your nap, Sleepin’ Beauty. Just gonna get some food, be back in a bit.”
For a moment, Cas was stunned. His quiet surprise seemed to echo around the metal room.
Dean noticed there were half-healed scratches running up and down his forearms. They so faint he almost missed them. He’d never seen scratches like that before.
Cas licked his lips, and Dean tried very hard not to think anything nearing the gutter. “He was my mentor, of sorts. Taken me under his wing while in Heaven. I was something of an outcast, and he was the only angel who’d vouch for me. I ended up being his protege.”
Gabriel leaned close to Sam, and motioned for him to come closer. “Know the great thing about family, Sam?” he asked in a whisper. Sam was surprised there wasn’t a hint of sarcasm to the question. “Family doesn’t end and begin with blood alone. Our families sucked, so we’ll make our own. Together. You’re on a slightly better footing than me because you have some decent family left, however. If Dean’s any indication, then his parents must be even cooler, and would probably be ecstatic to see you again.
“Dude, I can see black smoke coming off you! Excuse me for being a bit concerned.” Dean paused, forehead scrunched in thought. “Though, if Yellow-Eyes gave you the blood years ago, I should have seen it the first time I saw you after Hell, right? Why did I just start seeing it?”
“How can you spend centuries in hell and still be this naive,” Gabriel said bitterly.
He licked his lips and swallowed.
“You’re better than that!” Jo said staunchly.
“Sometimes the path we want is not the one laid out for us,” Castiel said with sudden sagely wisdom. He’d been so quiet everyone had basically forgotten the weapon had been present the whole time, watching the scene with his intense blue eyes.
“That sounds exceptionally dangerous. Count me in!” Dean said with a smirk.
Gabriel blinked a couple times in surprise, and suddenly he couldn’t even look at his partner. His defensive demeanor changed into a mask of miserable nervousness, and Kali actually thought he was about to cry. He only glanced at her briefly, and she could still see how lost he looked.
Dean was quiet, gnawing on the inside of his cheek, watching the road ahead. He stole a glance towards Sam.
They gave each other little matching smiles as they came down. "Hey, Cas."
Jack Montgomery was a typical white-collared guy with a cellphone on his belt, a big house in the suburbs, and a nice car in the driveway. He was also mind-numbingly dull.
“And since its family tradition to be named after an angel, and Lucien’s here a pain in the ass—“ Gabriel taunted.
Castiel shook his head “Maybe someday,” he said cryptically. “But, we were discussing Lilith. The problem is, there’s only one way to kill her, and we can’t employ it."
Dean used the ring on his right hand to pop the metal cap off the beer; then, he tossed it onto the coffee table in front of them. The urge to crawl away from Cas’s presence was almost overpowering. He focused on the cold, carbonated beer as a distraction and kicked his feet up onto the table.
“Can’t verify Ruby’s claims about Cas,” Sam admitted into his beer.
“Rest, Dean.” The words were spoken a little softer than he expected.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, Kinda figured that out.”
“Me?”
“Your’s probably says ‘Property of Castiel--Touch and Die.’” Sam managed to snicker.
“One point!” Kali bemoaned. “How is that even possible?!”
“Yes, we need to return to the Academy as soon as possible,” Cas said slowly. Normally he’d have this horrified look on his face because they hadn’t gone to class, or checked in with Death. At the moment, though, he looked sullen, sleepy, and couldn’t give a rat’s ass about such trivial things.
Dean’s face was warm from the blush, and he couldn’t look at Cas’s older brother in the face. Taking a breath, he turned his embarrassment to anger and snapped, “What do you want? To torment him again?” He was growing angry on Cas’s behalf.
Dean shoved the Impala into park and launched himself out of the car so fast it still moved slightly. He staggered backward as Sam jumped out and stared at him over the roof of the car. “You almost fucking killed us, Dean!”
They moved to an empty corner of the outdoor patio, Dean with a plate full of hamburger and apple pie, while Castiel munched quietly on celery sticks. Dean laughed at his “rabbit food,” but Castiel simply kept munching.
Cas ignored Dean’s crisis and peered down at himself.
Castiel ducked his head. “I’m so sorry. My back was to the window. It was only when Jo screamed that I turned and tried to protect her—it backhanded me across the room,” he admitted, hands curled into fists and shaking. He felt personally responsible for the creature’s capture of Jo. It was his job to protect the innocent.
“If I’m traveling 6 hours, I’m not riding in a backup rust bucket,” Bobby grumbled. “I’d like something I can stretch my legs out in.”
“Do you have any proof?” Sam asked.
“Oh, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Angel! Yeah, I…” Dean’s voice died, memories of the arcade date, the kiss in the alley, now spoiled. Cas was going to throw it away, and so damn quickly, because it didn’t mean anything to him.
--thank you for helping make this the best fic ever!
Everyone exchanged looks at that. “You’re sure that’s what your old man said?” Bobby asked.
Bobby came to check on them once he’d returned and replenished their supplies of washcloths and water. He wasn’t able to sit in on Sam--his phones were ringing off the hook. Demons were pouring out of the woodwork around the country, searching for them; the other hunters were swamped.
They migrated over to the kitchen table, both sipping their coffee in the quiet stillness. Occasionally Dean might kick Cas’s foot, but otherwise, they drained their cups in silence.
Anna shrugged and started pacing. “I don’t know. I was falling about 10,000 miles per hour and lost track of it.”
Scraggly Beard looked at the cover and pursed his lips as he nodded. “If I were about twenty years younger, I’d tap that,” he agreed, his grin full of crooked, yellow teeth.
“Ruby,” Sam said, turning her attention from Dean’s paling face to him. “Do you know anything about angels?” he asked, pivoting the conversation.
Dean growled. “Dude, those butts are gonna end up in your Goldilocks if you don’t cut it out.”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “Wow Cas, cranky much?”
Pamela broke their hands apart to allow Anna to stretch out on her back on the cot. “Is this going to hurt?” Her voice wavered slightly.
from your veins, I can bring you home.”
“Then you’re a downright weed, at the rate you’re growing!” she said, putting the girl down.
Dean looked at Cas suspiciously. “But…you’re sure? You don’t eat this stuff. It’s bad for your chi or whatever.”
Rufus snorted. “I still bullshit on that psychic business. Woman claims she’s psychic but doesn’t play the lottery?”
“Uh, actually, I think so,” Sam said, remembering the strange cloven shape to some of the marks on the siding.
Bobby studied Dean with a calm and practiced eye. “Sam filled me in. A trio of demons get offed with white light, and you’re acting like someone’s there. Then
Dean jerked his hand back to steady the car, but he accidentally overcorrected and lurched into the opposite lane. A passing vehicle blared the horn at him as they swerved away. He whipped the car over into a patch of wildflowers on the road's shoulder and parked.
, Sam thought, before groaning internally at his Freudian slip.
Cas narrowed his eyes and slightly cocked his head to the side. Dean was beginning to recognize Cas’s default ‘confused/concerned’ look. Cas kept himself stoic and impassive most of the time, but the little head tilt was almost like a tic he couldn't stop from doing. It was endearing as hell, honestly.
Dean snorted, fingers scratching at the marks on his arm. “Someone’s grandma put you in your place?”
The other students, who had been stunned into silence, now started to murmur amongst themselves. Sid shook his head as he came forward, helping the weapon up from the floor.
“You’re Castiel?” Sam asked cautiously.
“Actually, I escorted him out earlier,” Cas said, still reading.
Castiel simply shook his head at Dean, and actually started walking first. “There are just some things I’ll never understand,” he said simply as he walked away.
I know it wasn't the biggest moment in the story, but Alastair's insult "Sanctimonious Infection" sounds like a heck of a heavy metal band, doesn't it? I was very impressed when I thought that one up!
